
Smoothie. King's new Lemonade lineup is here. Lemonade. Lemonade. The smoothie King way. Try a strawberry guava lemonade. Sk refresher over Ice. A power up in a cup Energized, Or a blueberry lemonade smoothie blended Up in your cup, Made with real fruit, real juice for a real sipping good summer, yum Yum Smoothie. Kings new Lemonade lineup, all for a limited time. Ooh, Thirsty.


COVID-19 Viruses like Me, change to fool your immune system and make you sick. But updated vaccines help protect you. Stay up to date on COVID-19 and Flu Vaccinations sponsored by Champions for Vaccine Education, equity and Progress.


Hey guys, we're on Patreon now. Come join us and don't miss out on Ad-free episodes. Bonus content First, access to tickets, which we're announcing soon live streams and much more seriously Go to our Patreon. We expose everyone. Hello and welcome. Welcome back to the Cancelled Podcast Podcast. I don't even know why we are saying, honestly, I'm feeling amazing. Wait, and I seriously am loving that for you. Someone has to. Brooke and I look so beautiful and gorgeous for the visual listeners. Why do I always say that? The Audio listeners No, the The vi the people on video see us and we're so cute. Oh, I think you were, I thought you were telling the audio listeners.


Oh, that's smart by the way. We look so gorgeous and you can't tell No, Wait, I'm loving that. That was good because we shot a beauty campaign today. We Did. This is my, well this was the first like real photo shoot I think I've ever had. It was so official. Blow the whistle studio, like 150 people. I've never seen a camera. 150 people was so, so tana hilarious. It was so Tana, there was like 40 people though. There was probably 20 people there. No more than that. More Than that. There were a lot of people. I just wanna like formally apologize to every single beauty guru ever. I just feel like I've always talked about it in such a flippant manner. Like, oh, I want to be a beauty guru. It's the hardest job in the world you ate.


Thank you. I was really trying hard, but I honestly had a lot of fun. I really loved it. I thought it was fun. It was stressing me out so bad. Like seeing Those, what became stressful. Here's the thing that happens with Tana and I, anytime we do any sort of like photos together, is that we never, ever, ever like the same photo because It's always like one of us voguing in one of us sneezing and it's like, how are You find, or would be like, she'll be like, oh my God, this is the one, this is the one, this is the one. And in it like, first of all, I have a lazy eye. Second of all, there's like a beast stinging me on my forehead. Like it's, it'll be like so bad that it's like there's ju you either hate me or you're dead blind. It's getting it right is so hard and it's crazy.


Like I never realized how meticulous the beauty shots are. Like, chin up to the left eye over here. You guys closer this way, Hand here, this, that. Yeah. And the lighting situation, just getting that right is like so crazy and one, one false move and all of a sudden you have a shadow that makes your nose look like, it's like as long As the size of the Empire State, I just, I feel like I'm still on like shutter mode. Like I'm moving in shutter mode. Like it's just, I just have all the respect in the world for the beauty girlies. And I feel like I'm, I'm so excited for this campaign to come out and like everything like that. But like, oh my God, it was just, I don't know. I'm not cut out for it. And I learned that very quickly today. I will stick with my face yapping and my yapping.


I know I'm the yapper, you're the face zapper. Oh my God, that's beautiful. That's actually poetic. I'm also just really slow today because I made the decision of a lifetime last night, right? What was it? I'm laying in bed and Ari iWire is like, we have to Go to Dave and Buster's. We have to, and I'm like, you have never wanted to meet Dave or Buster in your entire life. Not even wise. Why? Why do we have to Go to Dave and Buster's? Right? And he's just adamant. And finally I am like, dude, just so you stop talking like fine. And I didn't wanna, I was like, I wanna stay in whatever. I realize in the car on the way we are headed to jojo SI's song release party. She actually invited me like a week ago, which Is crazy behavior. But honestly I respect it because now I know that she's also like in on the bit down To play the game and Laughing.


She knows the game. And I'm glad that makes me happy because sometimes I do feel like we like venture into bullying Jojo territory. And I, I don't want that. And I Was saying to her last night, I was like, listen, I said this on Cancelled and I meant it. I hope you never fucking stop. Never take this construction jacket off. I love you. You're hilarious. Like, and it just, it was exactly that. And like the budget was so crazy. Like Dave and Busters rented out. Like it was just so crazy. And I like walk in and she's just flipping me off. Like I was like the in her construction jacket. I was like, I feel like I won a raffle. I feel like I paid for this. And I just didn't end it there. I could have gone home. I did my jojo ation and I found myself at Bar Lease Demon Nights. You Couldn't pay me a million dollars to go For a lease.


And I, that's how I felt my whole life. I haven't been there in a year, but I was DJing, I was behind the DJ booth. People were holding up signs that said, fuck Clinton Kane. At one point a girl puts up her snap and it says, where's Brooke? And I do it back and I put up my snap and I go, hopefully fucking Glen Powell. Like I didn't know what to Do. I really tried for y'all last night, but Yeah. How did that go Unsuccessfully? So I randomly got invited to the Twisters premiere, which was obviously his new movie. And Are they like on the tarp with all the colors? I wish I wanna play Twister with Glen Powell for sure. But unfortunately it was a tornado movie I found out. Oh Shit. Yeah. So it was like a lowkey like a country themed carpet, which is hilarious.


I had no idea going into it. But thank God I wore a brown dress because I almost wore like black sparkles and I would've been so outta place. What would you have done? I would can't believe we have no jacuzzi. Can you believe we have no Jacuzzi? So did you see Glen on the Carpet? I did not see Glen. So here's the thing. I got invited to this premiere. I really wanted to go. I invited Amanda to be my plus one because she's my new favorite neighbor. And I, I had also been invited to go see Tate McCray last night. And I will never miss an opportunity to see Tate McCray With the Greek club. I fucking love her. And she was at my favorite venue of all time. The Greek, it is one of the most iconic venues in all of Los Angeles.


Just saying, I, She's trying to get us to play. We'll see, I am not kidding. It was the most incredible performance I've ever seen. She is such a performer. She's such a pop star. She's such a fucking dancing. Like, fuck. Oh my God, I couldn't even believe it. She was upside down, back and forward. She was swinging from the ceiling. It was everything. And it was exactly what I needed, honest to God, because I'm going through another breakup. With the same person. We know the drill. And I needed her to hear, or I needed to hear run for the hills. Oh my God. And great All of 'em. Okay. And boy did I hear it and I crumped it. I love scrump. I feel like every time I watch Tate McCrea, I actually have to stop myself from like, drooling.


Like I lose all bodily functions. It's like, you're so, it so Hot's a perfect of talented. I know. It makes, it makes me question everything. I'm like, I obviously must be attracted to women because what even species is that? Yeah. And like, oh God, Jesus Christ. It was amazing. Amazing. Maybe I'm telling you, you might just need a scissor real quick to get it all outta your system. No, I do think that's where I'm headed. I'm not kidding. I, I added girls back to my Raya. 'cause I was like, I, I just, I think that might be you need to Knock knees. I think that might be the problem. It could be the problem. And I've been like around a lot of lesbians these days because of, well, just because, and, and I don't know. I'm, I'm into it.


I'm like, maybe I wanna join the community, like as a, as a true member and not just like a, like a drop in. I get you. I like, I'll occasionally Miss Myles out. Even this last trip in Vegas, I was like, Mako. Like, should we like, But there's Go to the Strip club. Here's the problem though. There's a mask shortage. Are you, have you heard about it? I thought you meant like I'm, I'm all not here. Yes. Okay. There's a mask shortage and it's an epidemic. I don't know what to do about it. I don't know who caused it. But that's Way really, I would think that you would want a femme girl. How many times have we had this conversation? And probably 37. And think about the only girls in life that I've ever been attracted to. And were they fem to you?


Oh wow. Well, I was thinking about this one moment you had, but That was, that was one time That was my identical twin. That was just A weird vibe. Sometimes you gotta hook up with yourself. I've Done that and that. I think that's like why I felt like it was like almost okay. 'cause it was kind of like, it was like, it was weirdly like masturbation. Yeah. Not even kidding. But I, I feel like, yeah, if I wanna date a girl, I to, I've said this before, I think on Cancelled, but I, I see it almost as a spectrum is like the most feminine girl in the world. The most masculine guy in the world. Okay. And so I like mostly men. And so if I'm gonna go over here, it's gonna be like masculine girls. You know what I mean? That's my section of the spectrum.


That makes sense. And so I want, I want a mask. You're so if you're listening and you are a mask and you, you know what? That's just my new thing. I'm, I'm, I'm back to, I'm back to Dalin. She's A mask off. Fucking mask up.


Hey guys, it is Ryan. I'm not sure if you know this about me, but I'm a bit of a fun fanatic when I can. I like to work, but I like fun too. And now I can tell you about my favorite place to have fun. Chumba Casino. They have hundreds of social casino style games to choose from. With new games released each week, you can play for free and each day brings a new chance to collect daily bonuses. So join me in the fun sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG w Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Hey, I'm Ryan Reynolds. Recently I asked Mint Mobile's legal team if big wireless companies are allowed to raise prices due to inflation. They said yes. And then when I asked if raising prices technically violates those onerous to your contracts, they said, what the fuck are you talking about? You insane Hollywood. As So to recap, we're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. $45 up front for three months. Plus taxes and fees promoted for new customer for limited time. Unlimited more than 40 gigabytes per month. Slow full Terms at Mint Mobile do com.


In a world of slot reels and blackjack deals comes the must play event of the summer from DraftKings Casino featuring nonstop action and an all star cast of games, including a lister. Loki's luck this summer. Blockbuster is one you won't wanna miss. I love DraftKings 'cause I get to feel like I'm in Vegas from the comfort of my own home. Plus New players can get $100 INSTANTLY IN CASINO CREDITS with just a $1 wager. and ALL players get a Blockbuster Bonus every week. So sign up with Code Cancelled and grab your popcorn. It's s showtime on DraftKings Casino Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER on West Virginia. visit WWW dot one 800 gambler.net. In Connecticut help is available for problem gambling. call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit CCPG dot org. Please play responsibly 21 plus Physically. Present In Connecticut Michigan New Jersey Pennsylvania West Virginia only. Void in Ontario Eligibility and other restrictions apply. New customers only $1 wager to earn $100 in non withdrawable Casino Credits that expire in 168 hours. Terms at casino dot DraftKings dot com slash blockbuster. Thank you DraftKings for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled podcast.


Anyway, well, how did we get there? I, I literally have no idea. This is one of those days where today I'm like, today drained me. It was a fucking photo shoot. Okay. I understand how God Might sound. I know at one point we were like, God, what, what did we do? I don't even wanna say what we did 'cause I don't think we're allowed, but like, just such a joke being like, how did we here, I'm so tired. Like we put makeup on and took photos. But I am just genuinely talking and like I, there's nothing up here, but I'm hoping I can still do it today. 'cause we do have a lot of serious topics to cover. Before we get into the serious topics, I need to tell you about something that I did in Las Vegas. What'd you do, Tana? I, this is one of those digital footprint ones. Okay. Where I'm like, oh, rats, I don't know if I want to talk about this.


Okay. Oh, But it happened, Brooke. Okay. And that's what's important. Okay. As you know, I've been dabbling in my drinking world. Again, everything that I felt last week in that episode, I'm still kind of in the same spot. But we Go to Vegas for Isabella's birthday and it's the day after 4th of July. And it's just one of those trips and nights and whatever. And Mako and I had a really fun night. We were with Bryce Hall and his girlfriend all night. That's one of those ones where it's like His girlfriend is like so crazy, So hot In like the Yeah. Like I can't believe the hottest, I can't believe she's like a natural born human. I've known her since before she was with Bryce. And I've always loved her. So I really like that he's with her. 'cause it kind of like humanizes him, right? Like she's just everything.


And That's how I feel like about Josh and his girlfriend. Gabriela, Gabriela, ga Gabby, Gabriel, Gabby. I don't know. I, I, he like her being his girlfriend makes me like him more because I just love her so much. That's exactly what I feel. So I had the best night ever with them. But the next day, Koa and I woke up With the scaries. Okay. And by the next day, I mean at 4:00 PM you know what I mean? And I just, I have the scariest and I have this serious fucking problem, dude. Well, I believe Dick is the cure for most things. Okay, let me just start there. Okay. Y'all, I'm feeling a little sick. Like, 'cause you just forget about whatever else is happening, right? While you're receiving Dick. Right? Of course. And so, unless Of, well, not well nevermind.


You keep going. Sorry, I'm projecting. I actually was hoping you'd cut me off anyhow. And so I'm already in this place where I'm just, I wanna fuck like rabbits all day, right? I keep going at maoa. And finally he looks at me and he is like, it's gonna be okay. Right? Like he, I think he can tell, I was like, Simmer down. I was outsourcing some serotonin, right? Like, yeah. You know What I mean? Like, like you were, you were like grasping for straws. But this is where the story starts. Okay? And we've already exhausted like the blindfolds and the handcuffs and like everything else the hotel has to offer. Oh no. Okay. At one point I called the phone sex hotline. There was a commercial for a phone sex hotline. I type it in one 800 phone sex. I'm like, how fun would it be if we call this phone sex hotline right now?


I'm like, have them tell us what to do. Right? And I start entering my credit card and my phone dies and Mako turns to me and he goes, thank God. And it's like, literally God did that for you. No, but it didn't stop there. So then I'm like, listen, why don't we check out what the hotel TV has to offer. Okay. Oh, I've been, I've been here with you before. Oh my God. I forgot that's the last time that it happened. I actually did this to you and I'm really sorry. It was in Miami, another dark city. Okay. But listen, I think there's something really special about hotel porn because it's not like every category in the world, like on PornHub, it is this handcrafted hand selection of like a certain type of adult video.


Right? And at one point, one of the titles was a, it was a girl doing anal and the title was Strolling in the Colon. Okay. I was like, first of all, no, no. I promise you I have a photo. I will never call it anal again. That's where I draw the line. I Will only call it strolling in the colon. Okay. But then we keep scrolling, right? And I come across a movie, With the title and I shit you not the title. This ain't Avatar the Blue people. Yes, the blue people. This ain't Avatar My I'm With the Die Into the mic. Into the mic. I'm literally shaking. I can't even believe I'm saying this on the Cancel podcast right now.


Avatar Foreign. They're blue. Everything's blue. First Of all, I am so far behind that. Like, I would be so into that. 'cause I'm sexually attracted to avatars. Okay? Oh my God. I, okay, I can breathe. But is that bestiality? I think we've actually had this exact conversation on this podcast before. No, because they're Just humans. They're just blue humans. No, they're not. Well these ones were, let me tell you. Okay, Well, yes. The ones, yeah, the yes, the, those ones are 39.99. But I'm talking like real, real like, And I swipe. Oh, you swiped, oh no, it Started as a joke, right? What happened as a bit, It didn't end as a bit. Okay. Oh no, I'm gonna venture to say that we had like balls to the wall, sex to avatar porn.


Okay. And like, I just look up and there were just blue people fucking, you know, at one point in the avatar porn, he bends her over a rock, right? Because they're like in a, they're foraging, you know what I mean? Right? Oh no. But she gets bent over the rock. Yours is like a hotel desk. Like Yes, but the rock is a prop. So it's like hollow. And it's like both. Oh No. I start dying laughing. I'm like, Like, it's like cardboard or something. It's like, Are we fucked to so much avatar porn? And let me tell you Something, do you, do you think, I Don't know, the post not clarity of that, like when it's like both, like both parties are finished and then it's just Playing and you just have to live with what you've just done. Like, you really have to think to yourself like, what exactly is it that's wrong with me?


Because it's something serious. I Roped sweet, sweet Mcco into my Blue Blue World. You know what's, what's unfortunate about that is that this is now also his digital footprint. Like the poor guys down there just mining his business and now he has avatar porn allegations. There's videos. We could include them. It's not funny. I think we Can include Them. It's not funny, but it happened. Okay. It happened and, but I would fuck a real avatar. The thing is, I love how you just went from, is it bestiality to I would fuck a real avatar in the matter of five minutes. But is It though? No, it happens in the movie. Right? They fuck is right. I've only seen one movie and all I saw was This ain't Avatar.


Okay. No. Well, someone falls in love With the little guy With the dreads and he's, you know, he, but he's a human and he's like, I've Never seen real Avatar. I'm serious. This is the only version I know. Oh, it's so good. You would love it. I love the way of water avatar. The way of water. That's my f Okay, I'll get into it right now. I just have this mental image and it's like avatar. Well, I'm really not Colon strolling. I mean, I'm just happy you didn't go with colon strolling. Yes. Yeah. I, it wasn't that appetizing strolling In the colon. I just, I was really trying to stroll in the colon recently. I like even, I was finally ready. I keep, you know, I, I go back and forth with this anal thing all the time.


I really do. And I was finally, I was really gonna pull the plug. Okay. And it's like almost every time God sends me a sign and I just, it's not time for anal for me. So I'm gonna be fucking 40 years old and I'm gonna be an anal virgin. I don't think you are. I think, I think it takes something though. Like it, there has to be a catalyst, whether it's like tequila or It needs to be like a celebratory, I thought it was gonna be the 4th of July. I thought that was like a good one. 'cause it's like I America Put it in my butt. What? Yeah. What's more American than anal? Honestly. And you know what, when they came over here on that boat or whatever, the Mayflower or Christopher Columbus, like, let me just stop the Pilgrim.


It was the pilgrims. Christopher Columbus is the one who stole everyone's land. I think they Probably did anal Well, they had to, they were bored as fuck. No, they were fucking, they were fucking like sea lions and stuff. I'm pretty sure The woman was too stunned to speak. But sometimes I just make, make things up on this podcast. And I just wanna, again, go on record and say, nothing I ever say is factual information. Like literally same. Honestly, I didn't even, that Never happened. It's just like that your fault for believing it. Like shut the fuck up. Yeah. Did that gambled some left up. Yay. I booked a jet home And you didn't get on It. 9:00 AM Jet. Why would anyone, why would I let me do that?


9:00 AM is a perfectly reasonable time to be up. I don't wait. I know. I would just Vegas, it just, it was never happening. And I've never once booked a private jet for other people until that. But Isabella, You're so generous. They Arian Ashley, you know, they got home on it and that's all that matters. I stayed for 48 more hours, more avatar porn. It's just, I don't do, I'm happy to be home. I'm happy You're home too. And I'm happy you're doing better. Back to work. Back to your regular scheduling or re you know what I'm trying to say? We're Doing our best Here today. I I can't talk that well because my hair is so tight. My brain is literally like getting tied in knots. Oh, I'm sorry.


It's time for today's lucky Land horoscope with Victoria Cash. Life's gotten mundane, so shake up the daily routine and be adventurous with a trip to Lucky Land. You know what they say? Your chance to win starts with a spin. So Go to lucky land slots.com to play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Get lucky today@luckylandslots.com available To players in the us excluding Washington and Michigan, no purchase necessary. V GW Group void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus turns and condition supply.


Keeping Up with travel plans and a wellness routine these days, it feels impossible. That was until I found Alo Moves the health and wellness app that helps me keep up with my wellness routine wherever I am. Go Brooke. From beginner to advanced Alo, Moves has the flow or class that will fit your schedule. Their classes range from five minutes to an hour. So if I'm on the move or at home, I can always find time for my wellness routine. It seriously has everything. There's yoga, Pilates, strength, workouts, meditations, sound baths, nutrition tips, self-care tutorials, and so much more. It's really easy to see why Alo Moves is an award-winning app for a reason. Whether, you wanna stay on a guided program, try a new style of workout, or just stay on track with your wellness schools while you're on the go. Alo Moves has it all. And with over a hundred new classes every month, Alo Moves keeps me hooked and motivated. It's like a constant stream of fresh vibes for my wellness journey. Yeah, you guys know I Go to aloe constantly while I'm here. But when we are touring, I can use Alo Moves and I can literally choose any workout I want, depending on how tired I am in the day. And it's amazing. I also saw Brooke's shoulder today at our shoot and I was like, oh my God, you look like a woman flexing, like power bitch moves. It was incredible built by aloe that Showed No, I'm so serious. Like I just got to go on an Alo Moves trip. And I know so many of the different girls, like there's different girls and different fitness instructors that do different kinds of workouts and it's so amazing. You can choose from anything and like honestly, it's like you can, you can do, I could do it right here. And she does Stay on top of your wellness routine no matter where you go. sign up for Alo Moves today. Join Alo Moves dot com and use Code Cancelled for an exclusive 30 day free trial. plus enjoy 20% off an annual membership. That's Alo Moves dot com code Cancelled for a 30 day free trial and 20% off of an annual membership. Alo Moves dot com code Cancelled. Woo. Thank you Alamo for sponsoring today's episode.


I've been in my dramatic era and by that I mean I'm in drama with like ac accidentally way too many people And I'm loving what you just said, but I'm not ready to respond to what you just said. Okay, So let's talk about somebody else's drama. Perfect. My sweet friend, one of my favorite friends, miss Madeline RG did a little expose today on TikTok, which you guys know I love a little TikTok expose And I'm just loving the wave of these 50 part series normalize that some things can't be one video normalize yapping. And You know what, when I love like holding people accountable when they do you wrong, that's, that's, I think that should be the new trend of the internet. And I like messy, call it messy, call it whatever you want.


I don't want anybody to feel safe doing this fucking stupid bonk ass shit to us all the time. And I'm just, that's, I'm just so genuinely sick of the person calling out the people doing wrong, doing being villainized. And by that I mean me, but I mean, it's just like, if he did that, she deserves to do that. I hope she gets no hate. I don't think she will. It was so well executed and she's so unproblematic, so, You know, well she's just so smart and she's eloquent and she's so good. Good with her words. And I feel like she, I mean she's definitely hyper emotional the way that I am, but I think that she's a lot like maybe more Reeled in, I don't wanna say like, not calculated, but she, she's more careful.


I'm, I'm a little bit more reckless with it. Like sometimes I'll just, but I love that about you. I'll just like go off the cuff. Oh, Tana, if you saw me last night, you don't even wanna know what I was doing. I couldn't tell you. I can't tell you still. It's just like, it's that bad. Like I was really in an episode last night, like crazy. I had to fully a hundred percent sedate myself. I almost tied myself to the bed to just avoid like doing That's hot. Just, well, no, the Type I just go, I, I'm back on my, off my rocker stuff. I'm starting to think like, what if this is like a little bit of a bipolar situation because this is not like quick ups and downs. This is like, like long manic episodes followed by like extreme depressive episodes for like, Are you me taking meds?


Yeah, I'm still taking my meds. I do think that a lot of things in your life though have been crazy. Like triggers and like big factors. Like, it's like Yeah. The Clinton stuff, like, it's not like just light shit. It's not like you stub your Toe you Yeah. But that to me like, like as triggering as people, like a lot of people think that is for me now, it really isn't. I don't think about that a lot. Like I'm very healed from that. But it feels like every time I heal from something, something new comes along and I'm like, oh no. Well these men, just the choices, Please kill Them. And I, I'm not one to talk about choices. Listen, koa is an anomaly. Okay. Like, I know, but I like everything else I've ever done, I deserve federal fucking prison for, I don't know.


But I've, I've taken a lot of pride in my like choosing in like at least the last like year or so and I'm wrong. I love you. I'm so wrong. Listen, We can't just graze over the Madeline shit. I she is such a strong woman because it's like, if my man and I quote unquote halfway broke up and 12 hours later he was buying ice spice chrome hearts, everyone would die. No, but the thing is they hadn't even half broken up by the time the ice spice was already on the flight. Mm. So that is what is important in this. And what sucks about it is, you know, I went to ice spices set, set with Madeline at Coachella.


Like Madeline was, you know, an ice spice your enemies Are not that far away Supporter. Yeah. What a shitty thing. And I understand like, you know, promoting a song and like whatever they're doing a song together, yada yada. But from what I've heard, cinch his verse on the song is not not respectful at All. Here's what I'm hoping though. I'm hoping as I do in every scenario that the man is completely in the wrong and the girls knew nothing. I'm hoping he told I spice a whole narrative and she didn't know that it was like this wrong and in six months time, Madeline and I spice come together and do something. Well that's what always happens. The girl like, you know what I mean? Like a, the, the other woman is almost always convinced that either it's over or you know, like she Doesn't care or Yeah.


Or like it's an open relationship or whatever it is. Like that happens often. So I'll give what we can and let's say ice spice is innocent until proven guilty, but cinch can choke on his stupid fucking Chains. I mean, it, it sucks because it's like, you wanna believe that there's anomalies in like dating the rappers in the athletes. Well, it sucks. You Know what, but when do we see it? Yeah. Like I don't, I mean, I guess Jason Kelsey. Okay. Travis Kelsey. Yeah. Okay. Those are the, I mean, so I guess just the Kelsey Brothers, I'm Loving that for them. I, I think those are the only two athletes that we can confidently say are monogamous.


Yeah. Not with A baby mama and, and a and good family, good people. But I was really, I really liked the dynamic of Madeline in Central City, obviously. Me Me too. Just because like obviously like I said, she's so well educated. She's so well spoken. She's like, I mean she's studied linguistics, the dichotomy in university of Their lore, If you will. But he's illiterate, for lack of a better word. They, and he, and he's very talented. I love his music and stuff, but I kind of just liked it 'cause it just felt, I love when pe two people feel like just super unlikely. But I do not love when my friend is getting treated like shit. Yeah. So, yeah, I think she deserves the world and I'm excited to see, I think that she's gonna find something so much better that fulfills her 'cause she deserves it.


You can say it to somebody a million times, but like, the way that it feels when you're in the moment, it's the same thing that's happening to me. Like so many people will be like, you can, you deserve so much better. Like, that guy's such a fucking loser, but I don't hear it. And she doesn't hear it 100%. You know what, what I mean when you're in love with somebody, like, it just, that's just it. So, Oh, and you'll die on the I feel for her right now, but I'm, I wanna get her back to America and we're gonna have her do, you know, last night upside down at Poppy or some shit. And I can't fucking wait. I'm there in full support. I'm not kidding. I love her. Speaking of just dying on the hill for a man that you, you know, whatever. Last night I at Jojo's and Robbie from Victorious Okay, Okay. Comes up to me glasses.


Sure. He comes up to me and he's like, Hey Tana. And I'm like, Hey Robbie, like what's up? Like loved the pair phone, you know, like all of that was great. I'm really happy you're here. And he goes, we matched on Raya. And I go, oh fuck. Like that had to have been so long ago. 'cause as you know, I've been banned from Raya for God knows how long. And he tells me that and I'm like, oh that's crazy. Meet my boyfriend, right. And whatever. And then he tells me, he is like, actually I saw you at a party in like Toluca Lake like two years ago and I came up to you and I told you this and you were standing With the guy with face tattoos. And you look at me and you go, we never fucking matched on Ryan. Know the fuck we did. And Chris was like, Okay, why?


But bold of him to come up and do it again though, if that was your initial Reaction. Yeah, I don't, kind of interesting. I don't know, just a tidbit that I thought I would share. Apparently. I, Sometimes I get, sometimes I'll get a notification. Honestly, actually I can't even talk about Raya. They sent me an email and said, if you talk about Raya one more time, we're kicking you off. I, I'm not even on Raya. Never heard of it. Don't shoot. Oh my god. Gypsy Rose Blanchard's pregnant. She is pregnant and I want this to be good news for her. Her kid does have the opportunity to do the funniest thing ever. It's not funny. That's not funny. I love her. Oh my God. What are you even talking about? We're never getting a guest Tanna Marie, Do you know the situation With the laws in Louisiana?


Yes. So essentially, correct me if I'm wrong, when you're still married to someone else, if you get pregnant with someone else, the father on the birth certificate has to be the person that you're married to regardless of who's the biological father is. Right. And then you have to do a DNA test. Correct. So I don't like, I feel like she, she has a lot of legal people obviously in her circle because of everything that she's gone through and stuff like that. I'm so surprised that nobody flagged that for her because now she can, you cannot legally get divorced if you're pregnant in Louisiana. That's really Fucked Up. So she can't get divorced. And so no matter what her current husband is going to be on that birth certificate, which is hard.


And then, but like I'm Hoping for the day the judicial system is just really on her side. You know, like we haven't Really seeing that. But I mean like if, if, I don't even know if he would want that because obviously if you're on the birth birth certificate, you're like legally responsible for things like child support and like custody. Like, you know what I mean? Like have you been seeing him on TikTok live? Yeah, he's pretty, he's kind of wild enough. I would, I scrolled across his live trigger warning TikTok live. We'll get there. Are we, I scrolled across his live the other day and he was on this whole tangent about how like gypsy weaponizes the voice and like uses it when she wants something. I was like, put your, put the phone down.


Yeah. I Dunno. Can't be good. I don't know about all of that. I just feel like all of it's a little bit messy. And I almost feel like I've said, I said this on just Trish the other day, but I kind of feel like people are kind of exploiting her for entertainment and content and stuff right now. Like, as far as like reality shows and stuff like that. And I feel like the pregnancy is like a gold mine for like all of those who are gonna profit off of it. And that's sad And it sucks. I think I listen, I love Gypsy and I've always said that I want to have her on. I I wanna show her a good time. I wanna be friends. Well now we can't even show her a good time. She's pregnant. What are we gonna do to block her Out? This is my take really is kind of like, I wanted her to do everything in the world that you, at least before getting pregnant.


Yeah. Like you've still never tried two cb We don't need to try two Cb I'm just saying I think that like PDOs I think there should be an order of operations and I feel like, feel like pregnancy was the s right. Like it's just like, but yeah, at the same time it's happening. And that's, So I feel, I feel like pregnancy's the last thing on my list. I think it's though like with that being said, it's happening. So I hope that for her sake, like she's able to rewrite the narrative and really healthily raise a child and love it so much and maybe heal some things. 'cause that's, that's all that can be hoped for now that it's happening. You know? I agree. I just, sometimes I do also get nervous like in like new relationships or like rocky relationships when a baby comes into the picture.


'cause then it's like, oh wait. Oh yeah. I don't know. I'm not one, I'm not one to judge. Who cares? My mom has three baby daddies. Right? No offense bond.


Hey guys, it is Ryan. I'm not sure if you know this about me, but I'm a bit of a fun fanatic when I can. I like to work but I like fun too. And now I can tell you about my favorite place to have fun. Chumba Casino. They have hundreds of social casino style games to choose from. With new games released each week, you can play for free and each day brings a new chance to collect daily bonuses. So join me in the fun sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


My mom has been commenting on tiktoks of us, of clips of us of, I think I have her blocked on my personal TikTok. But at like anytime there's like a Cancelled podcast clip, she comments on it. And I'm sure mine is too. Fon Schofield and Rebecca Mojo should really just get together. Yeah. They They have a podcast there on a gray couch. Like I see it. It's just so interesting. Like the clip, the clip that it was, it was like a clip of me saying how my dad's new girlfriend is like very similar to my mom. To my mom. And it wasn't like disrespectful at all. It was just like how like they both like show up places with like random electronics and you're like, How did you get get that air fryer? Well also just like why? You know what I mean? Yeah. Like who brings seven Bluetooth speakers to a dinner party?


Like, it was just like an interesting thing. And she likes just started fighting with fans in the comments and stuff. So I guess that's my message is please don't fight with my mom on TikTok because we are having enough trouble with her in life in general. I think that we should have your sister Tori on the podcast. We are. So I called her yesterday and she, I told her I'm gonna fly her out and she'll I so excited. She said she love to to come on excited. I just think it'd be interesting like to hear like, like I don't addit Allure. Yeah. Well there's just like a lot I don't even really talk about. I think it's easier for me to talk about it, like with her and stuff. Obviously I don't wanna like slander my mom or anything, but like I'm, Well you know, like we've always said, like there, there's a difference between telling the truth and slandering and I die on that hill.


Yeah. And that's a big thing that like I think it's like the, the erasure I feel like is what, like especially drug, a drug addicts and stuff. Like they feel like once they've gotten better, whatever it is, like they feel like you should just erase like all memories of everything that happened before. Mm. And that is for a sober person. And I would venture to say that she is not sober is The sober person in the Room with us. Yeah. The the sober person is not in the room with us. So I dunno, I have no contact. And even regardless, sober or not, like I, I think validation and accountability and acceptance or real steps towards heal. Heal, Healing, heal, Healing, health and healing and growth.


I don't know. Health And growing We'll never know. We have been, I've been successfully no contact since before Mother's Day. I don't even remember when that was. And honestly it's helped me so much. Like obviously I still feel guilt about it, but like I, and I don't think that guilt ever fully goes away. It's just like something you learn to live with. Yeah. I just like, it was so like emotionally draining for me to be so worried about like somebody all the time. And it's the same reason I've had to like cut off certain friendships lately. 'cause it's like I am so, I feel things so deeply and like I so like I absorb other people's like issues and stuff like that, that it's like I couldn't, like energetically, I literally couldn't handle it anymore. And so I percent feel, feel like I'm like, ah, I feel so much louder.


Lack of feather With, the, and you have to make those decisions for yourself like at a certain point. You know what I mean? And in order to be an amazing mom one day and stuff like that. Like, you know what I mean? Yeah. And that's not to say I won't like eventually talk to her and stuff again, but right now she's just not, I have no interest in Yeah. What she has to say to me or ask me for more importantly. I love that for you and you know, I'm here for you every step of the way. Thank you. But don't comment back to my mom is, it was the message I was trying to send. Please. She's bad off enough as it is. They're putting lead in tampons. Weren't they always doing that? That's why everyone was going organic. Well why is everyone so up in arms about it right Now? I don't know. I personally don't matter. I don't care if you told me that there was like fucking, like Cyanide and happiness in it.


I'm shoving it where the sun doesn't shine and I understand. I'm so passionate about this. Honestly. Like there just needs to be something else. Okay. Because like a diva cup to me is like, what do you mean? I don't know Because there are a lot of like people who use like those like little discs and stuff and like, They rinse it like a shot glass in public bathrooms. No, but what You do is you do it in the shower, Right? And then a pad I just can never live with. And I'm always in a who underwear. Like why, why is every pad from your belly button to your upper shoulder, like, I don't Know, get A little triangle. It's literally overalls. Like it's crazy. I I I just, and where is that ever happening? I don't, I, I mean toxic shock syndrome is a serious thing and that's why people are going organic.


I think there are a lot of chemicals in tampons and stuff, but more importantly, let's talk about the real tampon problem. Why the fuck are we paying for Them? Oh my god. I know. We could just start all stealing them as a collective. What we're all gonna Go to jail. I think there's certain things that you should be allowed to steal groceries in tampons Because Plan B, it's Well, Plan B's your fault. I know I just took one. You can Go to, you can go. I just took one too Trust. And it's like every single time I take a plan BI sit there and I'm about to pop it and I'm like, you just had to say come in me. You can't keep your trap shut. Get a muzzle bitch. It's actually insane. Well, I just had to take one. 'cause like well maybe I don't even share that.


Nevermind. Okay. I was liking where you were going. I was gonna say, this man has like 17 kids. I was like, he's clearly good at this. Like I, I can't be, I cannot be the one. Does this allow us? No, I want to show the Jeanette photo so bad. Just give me a goddamn excuse. Please stop. Brooke may or may not be entering her athlete era. I am. But you, it's not specific to one person. I'm, I'm dabbling in a couple athletes at the moment. You know, we got a little croquette And I dabbling again. Water Polo. Yeah. I just, can you look up Jeanette McCurdy at the ball player X grove.


This is what I want. I want Brooke to be going for so bad. Look At the fact that she's in six inch heels. That's what I'm saying. It's so iconic at the grove of skinny jeans Go to the the No, no, no, no, no. They're standing together. Maybe take out Grove. Just put Jeanette party Basketball. Come on. No, that's good enough Brooke. I this photo like I need it of you. This sideways hat is what sends me, it like, honestly kind of reminds me of like when Madeline and Cen together and like Madeline's like all of a sudden in basketball shorts. And I'm like, I love it Madeline. I really, I do just love it. I need this photo of you. I will not rest until I have it. I'll Get That's it. I'll get it For you. Thank you. And if you are an athlete, actually again, I don't, I'm All with calls to public Today.


Yeah, I know. You know what? I don't know what I'm talking about. I don't wanna get cheated on ever again. And you'd be surprised how often it does happen to me. I fear we're teetering the line where I, I've, you know, glazed over most topics, right? Jojo Siwa. Lemme see Avatar porn. Let Me see if I have Anything else. Central Sea, little family trauma in there. You know, we've, we've got a good episode of Cancelled going right now and I fear the only thing left I have to talk about. I don't know how to approach this situation. I feel like you and I were on the couch with Paige and I said this on just Trish. Like, I just want two weeks, two fucking weeks, 14 fucking days without like dramatic public beef.


Like I just shut my trap for two weeks, you know? But here we are. I can't shut my trap and we've got another one. Right? I don't like to have beef either, but Mm, yes I do. I like to have beef with people who deserve to be beefed with. Okay. Okay, Let's Talk about it. Let's talk about it. Well first of all, I decided that I would begin this segment with a bit of spoken word. You wrote a poem. I wrote a poem. Okay. I was really inspired by Jake Shane, Of course, as we all are. And I I really like how he writes poems to airlines. Like when they lose his luggage and grid posts them. I think it's like the most beautiful usage of social media I've ever fucking seen in my life.


I do agree. He is a, an innovator And he wrote a poem about the Paris Airport that I happened to stumble across on his Instagram. Right. And I've not been able to really get my words together for this whole Eisa Violet Jason Nash situation. So I decided that I will begin discussing this with a bit of spoken word. Okay. I am, I let lay it on me. I also wrote this right after the avatar board So it might all be bad. What were you on? I Dunno, dude, I have the scaries. Okay. I'm writing poetry and fucking avatar. Like what? I can Go to bed, take a sequel. Sleep, Sleep.


I dunno if it's happy or sad. God. Alyssa, why did you do this? Oh, Alyssa, Alyssa, Alyssa. What are we going to do? You've caused us a big mess with your mean girl Stew. Alternate line. I think that it's time to put down the cauldron and broom. Okay. She's a witch. All of this mess. Just so you can use David's pool. Oh, you came at me for shaming but then said I sell my hole. But if it weren't for marshmallow, you'd be on a pole.


Oh, dying on a hill for Jason Fucking Nash. I suggest you shut your trap before you're both doing DoorDash. You are no, you are no stranger to being rude to a waiter or going on a smear campaign. Remember when you use Depop to incite Paige Loren's shame, Alyssa, Alyssa, Alyssa. You've caused a big mess. But I guess anything to sell that pink dress. Honestly, you, first of all, you could get that published somewhere.


That was really beautiful. That was really at Allen Hall. That was, that was really special. That was up there. That was up there with Without You by Tana Moosa. You Put my whole moga do into it. Put People are saying into myself into that poem. I don't fucking kill myself. But you know what I especially liked about your poem is the usage of mess multiple times. Because she included that word in my MLA formatted message, message message, If you will. Should I talk about that? Or do you have you go ahead and say your piece before I say mine. I didn't want to do this. Like again, I want two fucking weeks off.


Like so bad from just like, I wanna talk about fucking flowers and butterflies and rainbows. You put me in a corner. Okay, Alyssa. And nobody puts you in A corner. Nobody puts baby in a corner. Like just, oh my God. Okay. For my first point of all of this is like, I don't think bullying is okay and great, right? Like I, I don't think being mean to people who don't deserve it or joking around at people who don't deserve it is like the nicest, greatest thing in the world. Okay? Of course not. But here's what I will say. And I die on this hill. If it's fucking funny, I'm gonna fucking laugh at it. And no one is taking that away from me. And I mean that in every single case scenario.


Okay? You are Comedians and we get paid for it. And it's like you're lying to yourself if you don't think this fucking shit is funny. Okay? And so she goes on this whole TikTok rampage saying, first of all, I came for a girl in a tree. Okay? That's, she was dying on this hill. A peaceful fucking girl in a tree. Okay? And I'm gonna insert the TikTok, right? Okay. But This girl, I've been noticing a trend of women posting themselves in nature, right? But basically, obviously they're shaming people who are in on the drama because it's like, oh, I'm so above this. I'm laying laying the, yeah. Oh, did you hear about Drama in the Grass? And it's so unimportant, but it's like, oh, Did you hear about the drama? No. Red Heart. Look at these trees. You are on TikTok making that TikTok from the tree.


How the fuck are you gonna say, did you not hear about the drama when you're following 800 influencers like I winter? And how did you know that there was drama, huh? From the grass also. You're Not just in a tree, you're making a TikTok in a tree. It's funny to make fun of not better than everyone else. You're on your iPhone. It's like that whole thing. It's like you don't get an award for watching less tv. Like get the fuck over yourself. A no shade to, it's about radiation. No shade to that girl. Like, it's like I get, honestly like I probably like that TikTok. 'cause I was probably like, you know what? I wish I was in a tree instead of making a 14 part Series. If the narrative was like, I'm enjoying myself in a tree, I would've never made fun of it. The narrative was, I'm better than you because I'm enjoying myself in a tree.


Correct. Okay. And so here we are again. If it's funny, I'm gonna laugh at it as I, I don't know why I'm going full social justice warrior over here, but it's like, if someone can make something like that, like the stitch that I made to that is warranted in my opinion. And you can't convince me otherwise, right? I think so too.


I'm Victoria Cash. Thanks for calling the Lucky Land Hotline. If you feel like you do the same thing every day, press one. If you're ready to have some serious fun for the chance to redeem some serious prizes, press two. We heard you loud and clear. So Go to lucky lands slots.com right now and play over a hundred social casino style games for free. Get lucky today@luckylandsslots.com available To players in the US, excluding Washington Michigan. No purchase necessary by 18.


And now we're gonna talk about Jason Nash. Okay. And I have done everything in my power to never have a serious, like real serious conversation about Jason Nash. Right? Tricia and I have dabbled. Okay, here's the thing. For everything Jason Nash has done, he is lucky that the main focus is his problem with panhandling for those cowboy hats. Okay? I went back the other day for the very first time ever, like ever in my life, and watched these videos of Jason and I when I've been 18 for a week, right? And he's trying to kiss me and, and again, I also lived that like I will never forget being in that dressing room with Jason Nash and he's trying to kiss me and I'm like, what the fuck has my life come to?


Right? Right. This is not what I signed up for for the vlogs Mr. Fucking black hat giggle guy. Yeah. What the fuck? Like on top of that, just the way he was to Tricia. I don't have to sit here and go in on that at bullet point list either, you know, and you care or you don't know. And you don't care. Right. I think she Personally, honestly doesn't even wanna be tied to him ever again. So let's just her And 100% understandably. It's just when you go back and you see all of that content that lives forever, it's disgusting. Therefore, now watching him, you know, Oscar said this on Tricia's podcast, he made a lot of money through David Dorich and blew so much of it on narcissistic passion projects like short films and Comedy shows, Central fucking shows and whatever.


And seeing the trajectory of his career in financial state turn into panhandling on Live is hilarious. And for his defense, like Alyssa had the fucking goal and wherewithal to say like, he's just trying to make an honest living. No. And honest living is getting a normal job. It's not, there's no shame in having a normal job. Who cares if you're once says very successful influencer, you can get a normal job. And if you think he said, and I quote on a podcast with Zach Justice, he said, working at Lululemon would be more embarrassing, essentially. I'm so sorry. I would rather see you sell a line leggings every single time, then whatever the fuck that galaxy bullshit is.


Okay. It just, yeah. And, and how, what shade to like somebody who works at Lululemon, like, like that's so embarrassing. I don't know. Like you're above them. Yeah, exactly. Speaking like you're Above other people. Yeah. And It's like, so where is this humble? Like, I don't care if I have to be the one. It's fucking hilarious. Every single time I've opened the TikTok app for the last six months, four finger movements, and he's there With the cowboy hat, bro. Have you seen your kids grow? Like, have you, you know what I mean? It's fucking hilarious. And you will not convince me otherwise. And I mean, there's something to be said about the fact that he still lives in like a nice house in Hollywood. He has a very nice lifestyle.


I just saw him front row at the Noah Conn concert. Like he's doing just fine. Okay, well, at the expense of all these like little fucking 10-year-old kids who are using their mom's money to buy him a cowboy hat. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. His li his lavish lifestyle isn't sad. So if that's how he's making the money, I'm gonna make fun of it. Okay. Like, yeah. In a lighthearted way too. It's not like you came on and you just like ripped him apart. And I Didn't come on and say he tried to assault me in a dressing room when I was 18. He was fucking was 74. Like, you know what I mean? Like I, like I said, if that's all I'm saying, I think he's getting off pretty scot-free. I agree. You know what I mean? Here's the thing as well. If I thought Alyssa Violet was a tree hugging peacekeeping, bible thumping, fucking kind woman who really just cared about the best interest of other people, it wouldn't enrage me as much as it does.


Here's the thing you wanna use David, do brick's pool, and I mean that with my whole fucking chest. What's wrong with Marshmallow's pool? It's, is he gone? I'm wondering. I'll call him And don't even allow me to comment on that. You wanna use David's pool or kick it with David and Natalie? And that's, that's your side. Okay. And like Moses said, it's like you've drank the Kool-Aid dude, like I side with Jeff and you know that, so we already have an opposing side there, right? Like I side with Jeff in the whole David situation already right there. Okay. Then we make a podcast mentioning one of her best friends, Tessa Brooks and an altercation that happens. Listen, I will say Tessa Brooks can live. Okay? Like, I just wanna Bury it.


Yeah. Wait, I wanna do you keep going and Now you feel the need to defend Jason 'cause you're drinking that Kool-Aid and Tessa, 'cause you're dying on that hill and you come online. No, it was it. No, she's not def defend. She used it. She saw the opportunity and she said, oh my God, this is enough of a reason to do something that she already wanted to do, which was make a video slandering you thinking that she was gonna get a bunch of people to rally behind her because you are somebody who is controversial on the internet and has a lot of people who like maybe don't like you sometimes. And then we haven't even gotten to the video itself. Let's get to the video itself. You're Sitting in a car clearly with someone else, clearly with someone else try like turning and laughing, like trying to laugh at me.


Like it's giving like the two, it's giving Regina and fucking Katie are in the car and like, ha ha, we're gonna be giving TikTok Tiana, she's such p at me, right? And right. Ha. Yeah. Right. Suck me. Okay. She makes this video and her entire thing is that I'm just this evil fucking bully you shaming everyone. But God forbid, accountability and other people might just also fucking suck. Right? And then in the video, she goes to talk about how I sell my butt hole on all s First of all, I never have. Second of all, I'm gonna now out of spite, okay? I think third of all, what the fuck do, where do you get off?


Where Do you get off? I am going to make merch with Tana's asshole and Alyssa's face on this same fucking shirt. Honest to God. What? What? Like, that's the most shameful thing in the world. Here's what I'm Going to say About, how about this. How isn't that how a lot of people are making an honest living and how they're supporting their children? Fuck you stupid idiots. Do You know how many times I've been out with Alyssa Violet and she's asked me if she should start an only if I can help her because she has no fucking money. That's what I, and then you're gonna come online and shame Me. That's what I heard. You know how many times I've literally, the last time I was with her was at Barley's, like, and she's fucking jaw swinging asking me about fans. You, you wanted to do it, you're just mad because you wouldn't succeed at it because you fucking flopped.


Maybe she should get back into dis tracks. And that's why I'm also, that was, that was also an honest living, right? The highest moment of your career was being so wildly negative to someone else. And here's the thing I have always genuinely thought, and here's the thing as well. When all this started happening, I woke up to like 15 texts from influencers, people like with lots and lots of followers begging to come sit on this podcast and do a testimonial of a time that Alyssa Violet was horrible to them. Okay? And I might do it for the Patreon. I might have a whole fucking episode where we circle people coming in and telling their stories, the amount of stories I've heard in the last week. It is a collective agreement that she's one of the meanest girls in la you and I, I just told Her, you'll you'll get into your, your piece on that, okay?


You know what I mean? But here's where I stood at one point, right? She had her whole moment with Jake Paul. And then so did I, and I was in this place where I was like, the world would want us to hate each other. It would feed into that like letting, I don't wanna say letting a man win. 'cause Jake never wanted us to hate each other. But I'm just saying like, you know what I mean? I wanted to like rise above that and say like, look, even though that we shared these similar interests and whatever, like, and it'd be easier for us to hate each other. Here we are as friends, right? And I tr and I also, I do love Lele and like Lele is very close with Alyssa. So a lot of Lele shit, I would Go to Alyssa would be there and I would like just do my best.


And you know, me, I'm, I'm very like friendly. Like I would do my best to be like really friendly with this girl and post photos and hang out and talk. But I always felt like she didn't really fucking like me. And eventually, I mean obviously this proves the point. Like, I dunno if she really likes anyone other than her close friends that she can keep for a couple years, right? Well, I'm, I mean she cycles through friends. Like she cycles through hair color like she is. And it's like, I tried my best. You clear You never wanted to like me and this is your like, final excuse. And like, and don't even get me started on the Jake shit. Like, you just want it in my, and this is murky water because it's like, I always wanna like ride for the woman in every situation, but I know for a fact so much shit she said in that like, hit piece towards him wasn't true.


And it's like you just wanted to go date banks. That's What bothered me so much about the whole like Ricky Banks situation or whatever. It was like, I don't know, like the Paige Loren's like whole Depop thing that she did. I'm like, he all of this over Ricky Banks, like no offense Ricky Banks, but like I Love Ricky Banks. I Mean, I do, but but you know what I mean? Like, it's like somebody who's not known for being a loyal guy, but you're gonna shame some random girl that you literally don't even know I have never Met. That's the thing is, And I don't even know if that's the guy that we're talking about. That's what, just what I assume. But, but it's Just like you, you bullied Paige Lorenz on Depop, which is the craziest mad lib of a sentence ever. I hate 2024. I don't know where she was. You don't her, she was sitting bored on her couch checking her fucking, What's the difference between Girl in Tree and Paige Loren's Pink Depop Gate?


I can't, There isn't. Oh, I think that's almost kind of worse, right? There is no difference.


Hey guys, it is Ryan, I'm not sure if you know this about me, but I'm a bit of a fun fanatic when I can, right? I like to work, but I like fun too. And now I can tell you about my favorite place to have fun. Chumba Casino. They have hundreds of social casino style games to choose from. With new games released each week, you can play for free and each day brings a new chance to collect daily bonuses. So join me in the fun sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com Sponsored by Chumba Casino, no purchase necessary V GW group Void word prohibited by law, 18 plus terms and conditions apply terms.


So she sends me this long dm, I don't know if you want me to read it in full, it's really not necessary, but it basically says first line, yo, I don't really know you. Why was she calling me dog in our text, DAWG. And I was like, okay, central c Yo, I don't really know you first line already offended Alyssa Violet, I have met you at least 150 fucking times. I have spent hours with you. We have so many mutual friends. I have gone to birthday dinners with you. I have been around you in so many ways. You wanna know why you don't remember me? Because for a long time I didn't have any followers or clout. Okay? And you know, when you started noticing me and maybe saying hi here and there, as soon as this podcast started blowing up, and I will never forget that I noticed that about people.


I will never forget those people. And every time you've ever talked about people only coming around to you or showing you the time of day, once this podcast started to take off, it was kind of in reference to Alyssa Violet. It Was always in re I, I, I'm so particular about that because I, I keep those people in the back of my mind always. Because if you treated me one way before I had Cancelled podcasts and you treat me a different way afterward, I listen. That's literally deeply ingrained in my memory. Okay? Doesn't matter. She goes on to say that your most recent TikTok is not an accurate description of my Depop caption. Okay? It's so easy. You could have just Googled it. That's what she said. She said, I never called Paige Lorenzo whore, nor did I say she was trying to steal my man.


This is why podcasts and tiktoks are so toxic and dangerous because they spread misinformation like wildfire. Made a dis track with rice gum, 10 million views. The entire point I made with Tana was to not support no, My platinum, sorry. The entire point I made with Tana was to not support Cy Cyber bullying. And everybody made it about Jason Nash, which was not my point. Like I told Tana earlier, I cannot wrap my head around how some people use this platform. We were given to spread constant, targeted, incessant hate toward others. Alyssa be so fucking for real. Let me keep going. I'm Loving your addressing to camera though. The Paige comment was just a silly story. Story on a Depop caption was just a silly story on a Depop caption. And it wasn't constant target and bullying videos towards somebody trying to make extra cash, again, misinformation that you're spreading with your video.


So I went ahead and screenshotted the Depop caption to send to her just so that she knew I actually wasn't that wrong at all. This was the caption in question. Pink tight dress super snatched, makes your waist look tiny. I wore to a party with my situationship in 2021 and it was a weird mini rave. And this girl camp came up to me and said she loved me and she thought I was super cool. She told me she followed me for years and wanted to be just like me. Then she followed me all around the party all night like a stalker. And my friends thought that she was sketchy, but I gave her a chance. Then she pulled me aside and said, by the way, I hooked up with your ex, can we still be friends? And I walked away. That girl was Paige Lorenz, first and last name she used. This is all in Depop to sell a pink dress all In Depop to sell a pink dress for fucking $50.


Alyssa, you don't have $50. You have fucking 13 million followers. You better $15 lie. Best thing, get A fucking, maybe you should sell your butt hole like you asked me to Anyway. My situation should send my waist look snatched. And the dress was, but like, that was nice. Doesn't matter. That was the caption. So I, I went ahead and sent that to her because I thought she might like to see it since she said that I I was clearly misinformed. She said, yes, thank you. My point proven, and I'll spare you the millions of voice memos she sent back and forth. But basically I was like, no offense. I don't care if you didn't call her a whore or a boyfriend steal. You were, you deliberately wrote a super malicious caption out of fucking thin air for no fucking reason. On Specifically on Deep pop of all places, bitch.


I'm like, talk about trying to make a quick dollar, okay? And you're like, you're gonna try to say that you like, you hate cyber bullying. You don't even know this girl. And the the thing is Paige, Loren is another person who's kind of like you, Tana, where a lot of people on the internet rally behind. Like they, they hate, just hate her. Mm, okay. It's a thing. It's like there, there's a lot of people against her. So I think that it was like kind of targeted specifically to her because she knew that she could get people to rally behind Her. And that shit also went viral. Like you knew what you were doing. Like, and it went, you knew what you were doing and it went viral. And so I, we were sending all these voice memos back and forth, whatever. She says, what's your number? And she calls me and I'm really nice to her on the phone. I'm like, listen, I, I don't mean to like, 'cause I had made a TikTok and I was like, Alyssa, weren't you the one who did this Depop thing?


Like I calls coming from inside the house situation. It wasn't even mean. It was just like, listen, like you're a bully. Let's not call out other bullies. Okay? Other, she Calls me non bullies. She calls me and she mentions like, you know what, like she did this to Jason. It wasn't even supposed to be about Jason. I didn't know anything about that Jason situation. I'm like, okay, well another point I should make. If you don't know anything about a situation, then why the fuck are you commenting on it? And yes You do. She was like saying like, if you guys don't like Tana and Tricia, like if you're on that side, like if you didn't know anything about the Jason situation, how would you know that that side exists? It's not adding up Alyssa, but I'm, I'm like, I don't know, hopefully your fucking Depop money is, can you?


Then she goes on to mention that she was writing for Tessa Brooks and I mentioned to her, listen to me, and this is this. I wanna go on record and say Tessa Brooks is one of my close friends. I love Tessa Brooks. Okay. I was put in like a kind of interesting situation with that page story because it's like, Paige is my best friend, okay? So when she's sitting here telling me a story, I don't wanna invalidate her story, but I also don't wanna like be like Smear campaign Tessa. Yeah. Sear campaign, Tessa. So it was just like an awkward situation for me. I don't even know if I like how I handled it. I, I didn't know what to do in that situation. And I, like, I, I felt bad for both parties. I felt bad for like, you know, like dismissing Paige. I felt bad for condemning Tessa. It was just strange.


And I've since apologized to Tessa. 'cause it's like, I just don't, I don't wanna have beef with Tess. I've been friends with her for a long time, whatever. So I told Alyssa that that doesn't matter. And then I basically, she asks me if I can delete the video, can you delete the video? I go, if you really need me to delete the video, I'll delete the video. Oh, no, no, no. But, but, but first she says, you know, that your video is getting a lot of attention just because people are watching your Clinton Kane series. And I wanna go on record and say, Alyssa, I have been getting so many views, so many more views than you for so long, long before my 14 part series about Clinton Kane. It is actually ridiculous.


Okay. For you to assume that it was, that's Exactly what I mean though. Like, her entire demeanor has always been talking down to people. Amari was telling me how like the 35th time hung out with her and me, like all night for a while. She tried to treat him like he was a waiter one Time. Literally, it's A waiter. I I, I'm Marty Stewart, Tana, I can't tell you how many times I remember specifically. I'm in like a, a suite with her at Caesar's Palace. She doesn't fucking say a word to me. I met her a thousand times. She'll, we'll be standing in a circle of three people and she won't look in in my eyes. I know who you Are. And it's always been that, like, anytime I've ever been with Alyssa, like even like Layla's wedding, it's like she wants to sit in the corner and talk shit about everyone else and laugh at other people's looks and their whatever.


And it's like, she, like, I had to get away. I was like watching the UFC fight. Instead, I can name 10 girls off the top of my head who have horrible experiences with Alyssa Violet. That's just, that's just the facts. Okay? But I would never talk numbers. I don't give a fuck about views or whatever it is. But you're not gonna tell me that the only people, the reason people are watching my video about you is because I'm having a viral moment because I exposed somebody else because I'm also this big bully. Okay? So I set her straight on that and I, I said, you know what? If you need me to delete it, I will. But then, you know what I thought about it and I said, actually, I'm not gonna delete that video. This is what happened. I go, listen, I fear it may have to be a follow up. I'm not deleting my video because I, I don't, I mean what I said, but if you want me to clear up that you didn't say the words dirty whore or stole my boyfriend, I will.


So I made kind of like a backhanded video, like a follow up being like, sorry guys. Alyssa actually didn't say dirty whore. Like it was like, it was like kind of satirical, it was funny, whatever. And she says, you can defend Tana, but also say I spoke with Alyssa and I, she had good intentions. It was a pile up of negative videos and she just happened to choose the Jason one to respond to you Never had good intentions. She's telling, she's telling me straight up, but all the also on the phone, she's saying, if you want me to come on the podcast and clear it up, I'm like, respectfully, we have only the, the, the most elite of talent on On the Cancelled Podcast. Podcast. Come on. It's just Trisha Betas. And she's just, you know, she's texting me, who cares, whatever. I go on just Trish yesterday or day before yesterday and I say my piece, I say, listen, I don't think this is a nice girl.


I don't think that what she did to Paige was nice. I don't think that she's the one to call out anyone for being mean because I've had personal experiences with her being mean. I've seen her be mean to other people. I know that she can't keep a friend. That's just the vibes she text me yesterday and said, and That's what I'm saying, if it was like Nora Smith calling me out, like I'd go look in the mirror, you know, like you are mean. This is what she says. Tana girl, you are so messy. I just saw a clip from Trisha's podcast and I'm so sad. I thought we had a good talk. And you said you understood my point. I did understand her point, okay, that we aren't supposed to be cyber bullying. But my point was, We're not Of court. Well this is the thing that is the point. We're not supposed to be cyber bullying.


But my point was, you are a cyber bully. You're a cyber bully. Anyway, she Said, remember that Movie? She said you completely 180 with what you told me originally. It's very disappointing. Also, you made up a few random lies about me out of nowhere. It was interesting. I distinctly remember how we spoke on spreading misinformation. Fabrication could be damaging and harmful. Harmful. And you agreed yet you completely Do the same. You said, I saw my whole, I don't Well that's what she's talking about. She's talking about how I said that she had inquired about OnlyFans to you. David's pool isn't even that great either. Like I'm sure the YMCA downtown honestly has the same pack. This Is what got me really bad, Tana. She said, I understand you have to publicly defend your co-host who gave you your career, but to throw me under the bus after you privately told me something so different is wild.


I sincerely hope these paychecks are worth your morality, girl. Unfortunately, there is a reason nobody wants to come on the podcast. And this is a huge part. Actually, Alyssa, you wanna come on the podcast? You asked me yesterday, you fucking weird bitch. Sorry. Anyway, I said, Alyssa, be so fucking for real. I said, you called me and you said your piece. We had a very condescending conversation and I told you straight up that I stood behind my video and I'm sorry that I got the words wrong and you didn't call her a whore. That's the truth. I said, I think you are mean. I think you are mean. And I think that you're dismissive. And I think that you made that video without or about Tana with complete deliberate intention to get her hate messy is coming out of a social media break just to condemn Tana in defense of Jason Nash, of all people.


I said, bless your heart, messy is not the word. And I said, I reached out to Tessa because I do love and I respect her, but you've been rude to me 100 out of 100 times I've met you and you called me to delete a video just because you knew it was getting tractions in your words. Just because I'm having a viral moment. So you reap what you sow. I said, be nice. I love you. Reap what you sow. Be nice and people would be nice. And I don't even know if I wanna read this. Her MLA formatted fucking novel, but Poor grammar by the way I read it today. It's like you got bigger fish to fry. It's Up to you. Comma, period. I don't even know it's really not worth it, but it's like, it's just fucking stupid. And I finally sent her a voice memo where I told her, I was like, listen, what you're not gonna tell me is that I'm, I'm defending Tana because she gave me a career.


I'm defending Tana because I hate that people come for you on the internet because you feel like an easy target because they know that they can get people to rally behind them. But now's not the time now is literally not the time. I also think it's, you're so in such a different era of your life right now. You're so, in my opinion, unproblematic and you haven't done anything wrong to people. And if anything people have done you so wrong recently that it's like, it's not even, it's it's fucking, you know what? Kick rocks, Alyssa, she says, I Think it's like I'm finally at this point where it's like I see the world very clearly and I can see where I've done wrong and I can see where others have done wrong. I'm not saying I'm perfect. I'm not saying I'm the be all, end all With the gavel who makes the decisions.


I'm just saying like I I'm not going to just sit back and watch this narrative where women call out people, more importantly men, but people in general who have done them wrong and they're the bad guy. They're the bully, they're the toxic, they're the whatever. Like, no, it just absolutely not. And Was anybody co condemning her when she made that huge video about Jake Paul and how, how wrong he did her? No, everybody got behind her because they, you know what I mean? Like, And it's like, and then even just on the note of like Girl in Tree again, if, if funny I laugh, he, if you were do trick, If you were do trick, but I, listen, I didn't say anything on that podcast on Trish's podcast or the podcast today that I didn't say to her in real life.


That's just the fact. Well My favorite part of this whole interaction of the both of you was that after her literal Twilight series novel? No, you responded with a voice memo and she said, I'm not listening to that. There you are. She says, I'm not listening to your voice messages, nor do I have to. You have proved who you are to me countless times. Oh, so now you admit you have met me countless times. Isn't that funny Miss? I don't really know you. Okay. Anyway, you have had opportunities to make amends with certain people's situations and predicaments that you've gotten yourself into. And def decided to get defensive, backtrack and make even up more or make up even more fabrications to cover up. By the way, is she on fucking thesaurus.com? I know this bitch isn't this literate. There's clearly no solution oriented way we are going to solve our issue.


So I suggest we stop talking. I do not agree with who you are as a person and I think you are a very messy individual. And I said, piss off Alyssa. You're the meanest girl in town. And I mean that I really like, I really do think that if we gathered every single person who agrees with that, like we'd have guests forever. Like it, it's not like it's a just us thing, you know, it's, it's very widely, widely known across Los Angeles. And it was something that I again, was always willing to look past and for Lele and try for the narrative of our past and whatever. But like, god damn and like I was really sad to see her do that 'cause it was just like I knew the internet would take care of it.


Like genuinely I, when I watched that Jason Nash Such because I, there's a level of guilt too. 'cause of course like our audience is huge and we weaponize our, like we don't mean to weaponize our audience, but that's what happens. Like people are gonna go bully Alyssa, Alyssa after this and that is how it works. But it like, it's all just like, it's poking the bear. It's the same thing with Clinton. Like if you're gonna like make Video stand On video, like stand on what you've said and if you, I sometimes you're wrong. Sometimes you literally just take the wrong stance and you need to accept it. You took the wrong stance in this situation. And then where like had she just been accountable and like maybe just dropped the act for 10 minutes like that we wouldn't be sitting here saying this. Yeah. How Much potential she has. Okay. Like, you know what Alyssa, you could Have say it's about radiation.


Sorry, I have to stop. I think that in life as well, one of my biggest like triggers and something that like I really genuinely feel passionate about is if you can't take the heat, don't stand in the kitchen. And I mean that like across, across all Things. That's what I said. I said, you shouldn't have come outta your social media break if this was what you were gonna do because apparently you weren't ready Sister, she Wasn't on a break either. She was bleaching her eyebrows on social media last Wednesday. You're just mad it wasn't working. Sorry. I don't know. I just like, genuinely, if you cannot take the heat, then don't stand in the kitchen. Like you wanted to come at me and you wanted the whole world to hate on me. That was your goal. And I think it's 'cause you were defending Tessa and you love David's pool. Like genuinely. But you don't have to defend Tessa. I'll defend Tessa. Fuck. Like if, if we're comparing you and Tessa like Tessa isn't a saint.


Like Yeah, 100%. 100%. I went, I'm going to my text with Melissa 'cause you read yours and I thought it'd be fun to look at what I said. I so the night before the avatar porn, my Bryce Hall night, the Fact that that is even a sentence is A reference point. Oh my God. I for, it's so funny when I like actually look back at all of our texts, it's just her like sending me shit about other people talking shit or like, what are you wearing? And it's like, I'm wearing a skims dress, literally like sending me Cancelled clips. Like who's this about dying, like sending me dream while he's Getting Cancelled. She said, she said she loves our podcast, but then she, she went on to say that no wonder you can't get a guest. Like I'm gonna get marshmallow on Here. So I texted her the, the night where I'm like with Bryce, like in Vegas.


Like I genuinely like don't remember like, I was just like, I might as well find out. I said, am I in trouble? What did you post? Say it with your chest. Which is a crazy way to open, I realize. But also like, fuck you, our texts are so bad. I like, she sends me this whole novel about she's been quiet on the sidelines, but I'm just sending constant hate to Jason and talking about Tessa. And I'm so wild. I go, so you rep Jason and Tessa, she goes, I rep Tessa till I die. Jason goes live to make money to provide for his children. I said, so we're not accounting for what he did to Tricia. Suddenly we're so forgiving. Ha ha ha. Like I just started calling her Alyssa Nash.


And to be honest with you, she started sending me novels and I started replying with Bitmojis. Like I sent this. Don't, don't be silly is like, I just didn't know what to do. I was a little mean. But I don't know. I get to a point where it's like, I do feel like a bully and I look at me, I am on a podcast talking shit about somebody, but it's like, I'm so ta like I, I hate when people come for you. Like I specifically right now in this moment because I'm like, I feel like it's coming at you from every fucking direction. It's pissing me the fuck off. That's what I'm saying. I just want two weeks so bad. But I understand that it comes with this life. But like, Yeah, It was just so unwarranted and her stance was so wrong as someone who was apologized a million times and like had to get Cancelled a million times and would come at like whenever anyone with a presence or if someone posts something and like people are interacting with it, coming at me.


My very first thought is like, I'm gonna watch this from all angles mentally and see if I'm wrong. And if I am, I'm the first person to go do the fucking inner work and like grow from it. Right? Like, like I I'm so self-aware, right? Like if someone's saying I'm fucking wrong, I'm gonna sit there and think am I, how does someone else view this? Like, and it was just, it was so crazy. And I think that the entire TikTok she made about me truly encapsulated who she is as a person. Like laughing The giggling like friend. She's an fan's girl selling her whole like, Like you're laughing with your friend. A lot of people are. And like again, also an honest living that some people are doing just to support their kids.


Okay. It was just so hypocritical and like wrong. And then I tried to have a conversation with her and like again, like everything she says does not add up with her actions. It's like, it's such a level of hypocrisy that you can't even reason with it. And then she's just doubling down on it to the point where I'm like, what else am I supposed to do Other than talk about it on a podcast. Like, I don't know what else to like it's You want it's everywhere. Yeah. And this is our job. We get paid lots of money for it. Stop. We don't even have to have Depop. I'm gonna go buy the pink dress. I tried, I think it sold. Imagine I was just wearing it. So funny. Honestly, Paige Loren should have bought it 100 and that.


Yeah. Like dude that just to like, you're doing the same thing. I don't know. I I really could talk about it for like hours 'cause I feel so passionately. I'm like what the actual fuck? Like just what the actual fuck was not only that video, but your second video and your text us like, and just everything. Like you're, you are the worst. At least she's hot. It's true. She's really hot. Makes it worse. 'cause it adds to like the ification of it all. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. I dunno what to say. I had a lot of people warn me and say like, I don't know if you should do this because she will make up lies to win.


You know what I mean? And I could really foresee her. Yeah. Imagine you were being like, yeah, I saw her shooting up heroin or like, I don't know. That's why I said We did the together. You know what I mean? I was gonna say she was just out. But listen, I'll, I'll cover all bases. I know. You know, a lot of people think that we like, we, well, especially me, like after the last episode, I like apparently didn't condemn Lila enough and everyone's like, she's afraid of p everyone's telling like that she used to do all the time. I'm like, I will say I used to do all the time like, hello, that's, If that's the worst thing you have in the closet that I have, Lila doesn't have anything on me. I'm just, I just don't want anyone to fucking kill themselves personally. Yeah, that's fair. It's all a fucking mess.


I know. We've really made a mess. I think we might have to do like some sort of like, like balancing act. Like maybe we go open up a school in like, Didn't Tessa do that? Tessa Brooks open. She can actually help us. Maybe we open up a school next door to Tessa Brooks. That's how we make amends with Tessa Brooks. We bring Paige, everybody's happy. And Paige Lorenz and Paige Loren. We all, We're all wearing hot pink dresses. You know, we're on live panhandling while we open the school. Yeah. And that's how you know what a hundred percent. And we sell pictures of our butthole obviously, Obviously for, for more supplies for the children. I'm gonna kill myself. I mean Dude, it's funny 'cause now we're about to shoot for Patreon and this was something we were like never doing before.


This is a new thing unlocked and I do still have so much more to say, but I think I'm leaving it for there and I'm really excited. Our goal With the Patreon, you guys actually let me get the list before I just spread misinformation. Our Cancelled Patreon is gonna be $10 a month weekly Cancelled, bits, clips, bonus segments and more. Essentially everything that we just can't talk about straight to the public will be living there. Ad free episodes, monthly Patreon exclusive live stream, which that's scary 'cause that means you can ask us absolutely anything. And we will tell you 15% discount code for upcoming merchandise. Yes, it's coming. Private Community chats, exclusive Cancelled hotline. We are so excited to use that to kind of give you guys advice and we'll be answering all the Patreon questions on the actual Cancelled podcast, early access for tickets and new tour dates.


Cancelled Patreon exclusive t-shirt once a year and a Cancelled holiday card. So if you guys do want to come hang out over there, essentially it's just so we stop canceling ourselves with a lot of the stuff that we say on this podcast. Nothing will change over here. I think we'll just go a little harder over there. And that's all I'm gonna say. If you want to join it, it's linked below and yeah, I'm so excited. I am so excited. I think we're gonna have a live reaction later to Clinton's mom reveal potentially on Patreon. We can Probably say that. 'cause I mean we'll cut it if not, but it'll be out by the time this episode's out if it's real. You guys, I fear I have to get off this mic.


I think so too. I think we've done enough for the dog. It's so funny too, just the way like when it rains, it pours. Like last week is Clinton Zach saying like, and now this week is, oh, That's what we can do on Patreon. I'm gonna read you my Zach saying text. Oh, Beautiful. That's gorgeous. But genuinely, I'm really hoping like our next few episodes are like meditative with Paige and we're back to like jacket off under the rainbow tarp or something. You know what I mean? Like just Me too. I would like to be a little bit more lighthearted. I really am not, I'm not a hateful person. I don't have a lot of hate in my heart, except sometimes I have a lot of hate in my heart and I'm a hateful person. We love you guys so much and thank you for all the opportunities you give us.


Even today at our shoot, I was just like, wow, I can't, if you told Brooke and I, when we first sat down on this couch that we'd be doing this, it's crazy. And again, I love a lighthearted episode, but this week did not call for that. No one go watch Avatar porn. I I think I did that. I'm doing it right. The fuck after this, I'm having a viewing party. Amanda Diaz is coming over. Everything's amazing. Not kidding. And you'll have the vibrator With the Tetris screen on it and everything will be fine. It's Gonna be amazing. We love you Guys so much. Now don't bully people unless no Bully. They deserve it and it's a little funny. Goodbye.


It is Ryan here and I have a question for you. What do you do when you win? Like are you a fist pumper? A woo-hoo, a hand clap or a high fiver? If you wanna hone in on those winning moves, check out Chumba Casino. Choose from hundreds of social casino style games for your chance to redeem serious cash prizes. There are new game releases, weekly plus free daily bonuses. So don't wait. Start having the most fun ever At Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms of conditions apply.