
For more than 50 years, national University has been a military friendly yellow ribbon school that understands the importance of honor and commitment. With four and eight week classes available, year round enrollment, and more than 190 programs to choose from, we help veterans just like you define the next chapter of their careers. Learn more@mu.edu. That's mu.edu


This year. We all have a choice to make, but it's not just about this donkey or that elephant. Some of us want lobster oysters or a Michelin star. Chef's take on sea bass. Some wanna watch whales. Others wanna make way for ducklings, and some people just wanna get the whole family on top of a big old green monster. We all have different agendas, but that's exactly why Boston is the one thing we can all agree on. Book your getaway@meetboston.com.


Hello. Hello. And welcome Back to the Cancelled podcast. Come on, Brooke. One of Them. No, please. You guys. And you know what? You put me on the spot like that and then everybody's like, she doesn't vibe with them. Like, but it's like, I just don't bark. Like it's just not really my thing. You just like, don't wanna embarrass yourself publicly. And I, I get it. The Only reason that I ever was so passionate about you barking is that I think if you ask any single person to bark, It says a lot about them, how they decide to bark. Yes. But what, what does it say about me for me to not decide to bark? It says, but you're not a Dog. Have that Dog. I'm a self-respecting individual, which we have witnessed on this podcast to not be true. It's, well, you're looking at barking as this whole degrading thing, but I, Yeah, I I feel like you're trying to peg me.


Like I feel like I'm like, and what's so wrong with that? It feels like you're emasculating me. Like you're trying to get me to like, like bar like, like jump. You know what I mean? No, No. I think it's empowering to Mark. I think you're gaslighting me. I think this is what you would say to Man, we Just growled into the mic. Yeah. Like go. I know, but this is a manipulation tactic and I'm learning to discover them quicker. Listen, one day she, I just know what she's gonna get on all floors and fucking, when you start howling, I'm gonna be caller and leash. When you have like an LAX airport incident like that, you're gonna start barking. A hundred percent. It just comes Out. I still don't believe I did that. I really didn't mean to Do that. I can and I loved it. It was one of my favorite and emotional stories. I wish I was there. It's Just so funny because if you were there, you would've beat the brakes off me.


No, I don't think that's true. I think in that situ, you see how I put I get it sometimes. That's true. That's true. Sometimes you like will side with me, but I, I just, all things Really bad day It did that. Really try to side with who I feel is right in the moment. Yeah. You do got that dog in you. Yeah. Yeah. Speaking of, hi guys. So first of all, it's crazy slipper day over here. Yeah. And I poached Tana slippers, but I had to because I was having like a little bit of an emotional day. So now she let me wear the slippers that I like. It's so funny. These ones were for Brooke and they're like a size six. And I feel my toe about, look at my toe. It's like it has a boner. You're about to It's busting out. It's busting out of them. But These did, did go with my first lady outfit. I'm like dressed. I'm dressed business casual for the Cancel podcast today are Going, are we going to different places right now? We Are.


I just rolled outta bed. First of all. I'm so fucking hungover. Second of all, you are running for office. Third of all, you're gonna the club. So I'm gonna Barney's Bean. I Liked it. I think we all dressed on the, for each of our themes of the day. I got dibs on presidential shooting. Oh, I like that. I got dibs on my ex making rounds. How dare He? My shirt says girl blogging. I don't know what the fuck You got dibs on page round drama. My God. Fuck. Okay. I'm into that. I'm into that. I can handle it. Should we start with, well, I mean, first of all, here's the goal for today. Right? Let's set a goal. We never do that. At the beginning of a case is Healthy. Yeah. I feel like the goal genuinely today is, you know, lighthearted Jack it off under the rainbow tarp. We're having fun with it.


Or silly goofy, right? Yeah. These Bitches are gonna be so sick of me. No, I I will admit I've had like a little bit of a, like a No, I've, I've really been like nailing everyone a little too hard on the cancel podcast. I've kind of been having bad vibes and I admit it, you guys, so today's good vibes Only week. I don't think you've been having bad vibes. No, I don't have, no, I think I like personally have been having bad vibes and it's, it's translated on, on like, I've been just, well, I think a lot's just happening. I said it in the Alyssa episode last week. Like, I would do anything for just two weeks where it was like, we sat here and we were like, what do we talk about the weather? Like no one's death threaten me via text. I know, but like you said on that episode, it's like they make it too easy. It just like, some things just keep popping up outta nowhere. Like a 29 part series from Quentin King.


We have so much of fucking talk about. Can you believe it? I'm, I literally can't actually. I can 'cause that man, he did his big one. Wait, so can I now I can talk about the voice memo. I never talked about the voice memo. I think I might have mentioned it on Patreon, which we know k WP one has clipped, but Brooke is coming at this one account for leaking the Patreon, but it's, They leaked our whole live shows, every live show that they obviously didn't attend. So they have malicious intent. They're going out seeking out the videos and then posting them knowing like doing it like, you know, it's Malicious to get views and make money. Yeah. It's not like, it's not like fun and like flirty like, oh, I want people to be able to see it. It's like it's, it's literally like they don't like us and that's why they're doing it. And like, that's what bothers me about it. I agree with that. And it is hard. I, I know that it's just one of the downfalls that comes with all of this.


And listen, I'm about to put my foot into hiring a, a fucking DMC take down team. And I think that eventually the Patreon will never get leaked. 'cause that's the goal. I don't, here's, we appreciate all the people that subscribed and we want to give them something that no one else sees. And I don't care if it ends up on TikTok every time I, I'm gonna put my fucking barefoot Bare Put my barefoot into this Patreon to see. That Could have been a cool time for you to bark. That would've been a cool time, but it wouldn't Let her rip. And also, sorry for cutting you off when you were saying a very important sentence and that I was like, that was a cool time for you to bark. Oh my god. Mute my mind. The Immediate apologies is crazy. No, you nailed it. But yeah, no, I wanna be serious. I really do. Like I, Patreon is really exciting to me and I think it's a really fun thing that we're doing.


So I'm, I'm still gonna be controversial as fuck on Patreon. Okay. 100%. And we appreciate so much. Obviously everybody who's subscribed, you're not gonna regret it, let me tell you that Much at all. At all. And k WP one is getting deleted immediately. She can only do so much. She can't post the whole Thing her Yeah. Wait until she gets, finds out. Her account is banned permanently. Attacking one person is just so funny to me. And Kwp. I Know. I just was like, I'm not gonna be malicious anymore. I'm, I'm good vibes only. And I'm like death to k WP One. You know what's funny is I almost fucked this guy named K WP a while ago. No one. So it's like, I swear to God, whose name is K WP someone I shouldn't have fucked and I didn't. I came to my senses. Okay, that's good. I'm just saying every time you say K wp, I'm like, where is he? You know, not like, where is he? Like where is he? Like where is he? Like where is he Posting on TikTok?


No. Clearly. Literally Kop. We should probably just start with Clint Kanes. Yeah. So then we can get like funny and Goofy. Silly and goofy. Yeah. I'll say His, his Series was silly and goofy. I was going to talk about this voice memo on the podcast and then I decided I was gonna spare a fan. Okay. Because the fan didn't want to be like, thrown under the bus or whatever. But then Clinton mentioned this fan in his series. So now the fan feels like fair game and it's like a, a sweet fan who's, well they've been playing both sides like telling like Clinton inside about me and telling me inside about Clinton. But I wasn't gonna stop engaging because I needed the inside about Clinton obviously Very fair. Sure. And so they sent me a screen recording of this voice memo from Clinton in which he states that he pities me.


And I am so, was such a despicable human being for making up all these lies. And he just cannot believe that somebody's life is so miserable that they have to make up these lies. And then at the end of the, at the end of the book, should I just play it? Yeah, Yeah. At the end of the voice memo he states, wait You guys so hard. 'cause I just always want to hit the Wendy Williams death to all of them. And then like, it's like, clap. You're not Wendy Williams. Tam Clap if you think he should suffer. Okay. I'm not gonna play the whole thing. I just want you, it is four, it's a minute long, but I want you to hear the end. Oh, What is, I just pity her like the kind of life life, So American Kind life that she has to live to be able to do this, the kind of person she has to be.


It's just sad. I just look at her and I think how pathetic like it, it's just sad. You know what I mean? It's just, it's a bunch of bullshit. It's just sad. And July 12th everyone will see. Everyone saw, everyone Saw You saw. But that's what's the joke that that voice memo was taken like three weeks ago. That's how long he was preparing this. Like what he thought was gonna be like the drop of the century. I didn't Even think about that because he, you know what I mean? We thought it was gonna be a mom reveal. Yeah. I thought it was gonna be mom reveal. No, I was fully, fully Ready for, so I told tell everybody like, wait till July 12th, he's doing a mom reveal. Because I had seen that he had been in the Philippines. So I was like, oh, he must have like gone to see his mom done a video or whatever. But no, what I never expected was a fucking 29 part series from Clinton Kane.


You know what cracks me? It's like every video has 2 million views and like 2000 likes. I'm not every single video and Let's this part for trying, but how validating it has been to me to see everybody like finally see what I went through. 'cause there was, there were a lot of people who were like, wait, I felt gaslit for a second. No, for a second he had me. And then I was like, I back, he had me back. I sat back to reality. I'm like, wait, he's talking about you guys being at Mel's for actually five hours and not just one. Like no one cares where the fuck is your mom. Also what's so funny about it too is like, like there's every little thing like yeah, like you said, he honed in on these, on all these like specific details, but like specifically to discredit me as like a, as a storyteller. Okay. Basically make it seem like I told all of these lies and because of that I am no longer credible and this story must not be true.


And the lies included. Like, oh, we got pulled over on the, on the way home from Joshua Tree. Not the way there. Like it was cracking me up to like, like, I, I can't even explain it. And When it came to like the act Wait, sorry. No, go ahead. When it came to like the actual issue that everyone's like, okay, what about your mom? It was like a five second video being like, and it wasn't actually my mom, it was this woman that I really resonated with and I loved her. And he said it was not pathical life or pathological lying like everybody thinks it is. It was one silly answer on a podcast. And I regret like, I'm like, bless your heart. I never even got through the whole series. I'm still seeing little clips here and there. I never watch, I like skimmed through a couple. I'm gonna admit there's like a lot of speculation that he fabricated text messages. It's not speculation babe.


He used the iCloud edit feature in the screenshots and that feature didn't exist when you sent those texts. Oh my God. God. But I wanna go on record really quick and say, I said that shit like what Kid Rock? Oh yeah, duh. But like no, but I'm saying like the dates on the text were missing comments. But like some, some, you know what I mean? The internet was up writing for me almost too hard to the point where I was like, no guys, like we, I sent those texts. Yeah, but you didn't say anything bad in those texts. No, not at at all. Like that's the gig and the gag of It all. And he, I went through like, because obviously I still have, I have a, first of all, I have a Clinton Kae iPhone. Y'all saw it if you were on tour. I have a Clinton Kae iPhone that still has every single text. It's on my, it's my old phone that I had when I was dating him. So I have all those texts, whatever. And I was finding fights like one time I got in so much trouble because he at, he said, how come you haven't texted me?


Good morning? And I go, I don't know. I like, I mean I just woke up and he goes, well you sent me a TikTok at 10 30. Why are you lying to me about when you woke up? He was like, this whole fight. And it was like, I just realized like, you know what? I was never gonna win. But I, what I loved about his series is that he validated me in ways that I can't even explain. Mm. Oh yeah. Like he made it so blatantly obvious exactly what it was like to go through that relationship with him. It Was just so funny because it's like he ended up gaslighting the public. He Did. And some trying to, Trying to some people to sell for it and like, I get it. But like also, even if I, even if all those like lies or like, like holes in my story were true, which they weren't literally, That's the thing is you could make another 40 part series on debunking the, the weird things he honed in on.


But it's like, it'd be sad for you to do that because the bigger picture here is why is he honing in on those things? Yeah. Well here's, here's my takeaway from his series is that first of all, like this has, it's gotten so big that it's like he, we've, we've clin Clinton Cain is like, we've taken care of it. You know what I mean? I don't even think we have to harp on it anymore. I do think there should be petitions for lobotomies. Yeah. So executions public, like GoFundMe. But like if enough people sign up No, this, sorry, but what I'm saying is like, it's like almost not funny anymore. It's like you, we see that you guys see now that this is a very, very mentally ill man that we need to potentially get admitted somewhere Happened to tarring and feathering people. Take him to the town center.


Stone him to death. Sorry, sorry, guillotine. No, I I'm She's right. But you're a, you're the bigger person and I'm loving that. I Personally want, I've gotten my, I, you know what I've, I've gotten my vengeance. Like I feel like back, I feel very validated. I like the whole relationship was so frustrating because there was no third party and nobody to tell him that he was wrong. And I was right. Yeah. And now tens of millions of people have told him and it makes me so grateful in ways that I cannot explain. Yeah. But I will go on record and say that I did say I wanted to fuck the shit outta kid rock and I meant it. And you Have to. Maybe that's why you haven't done anal yet, because it was meant for kid rock. I'm being so fucking For real. Dude. Do think so.


I did say nothing's more American than kid rock and nothing's more American than al anal. Wait. Oh my God. Both. I mixed him up. But y'all knew what I meant. You have To wait for like the next 4th of July. Kid cock. Kid cock on the fourth. Sorry. I'm sorry. All Summer long. I'm like, dude, yeah, no, I did, I did say that. And, and yes it was disrespectful, but no, You were getting cheated on left and right and you said, kid rock is hot. That's, that's the joke. Don't even actually even say it was disrespectful


This year. We all have a choice to make, but it's not just about this donkey or that elephant. Some of us want lobster oysters or a Michelin star. Chef's take on sea bass, some wanna watch whales. Others wanna make way for ducklings. And some people just wanna get the whole family on top of a big old green monster. We all have different agendas, but that's exactly why Boston is the one thing we can all agree on. Book your getaway@meatboston.com this year. We all have a choice to make, but it's not just about this donkey or that elephant. Some of us want lobster oysters or a Michelin star. Chef's take on sea bass, someone watch whales. Others wanna make way for ducklings. And some people just wanna get the whole family on top of a big old green monster. We all have different agendas, but that's exactly why Boston is the one thing we can all agree on. Book your getaway@meetboston.com.


When I think of summer smells, I think of sunscreen, salty beach air, barbecue on the grill. And unfortunately body odor. Well not this summer. Thanks to Lumi whole body deodorant, Bo will no longer be an unwelcome guest at my summer plans. Their pH optimized formula is clinically proven to block out odor all day. And it's not just for underarms, it's for everywhere. We get odor pits, privates, feet under boobs, you name it. So no matter how hot it gets, you can still smell fresh and feel confident. Head to toe ready to make this your freshest summer ever. New customers get 15% off of all Lummi products with our exclusive code and link. Link. Use code Cancelled at lumi deodorant.com. L-U-M-E-D-E-O-D-O-R-A-N t.com. I love how Lumi keeps me smelling fresh all day long. Whole body deodorant. Lumi is seriously safe to use anywhere on your body pits, under boobs, thigh folds, belly buttons, butt cracks, vulvas and feet. It's created by an OB GYN who saw firsthand how normal BO was being misdiagnosed and mistreated. It's clinically proven to block odor all day in control odor for up to 72 hours. How unlike certain traditional deodorants that try to mask odor with fragrance, Lummi is formulated, powered by mandelic acid to stop odor before it starts. More like a pre odorant plus sweat control. The same outrageously effective whole body deodorant you love. But With the bonus of sweat control now available in the cream tube with 72 hour odor and sweat control. After many requests, they formulated a new product to keep you smelling fresh and help you stay drier. Lumi whole body deodorant plus sweat control the same 72 hour odor control now with 72 hour sweat control. Experience the same outrageously effective 72 hour odor control while keeping sweat under control. Don't sweat the small stuff Lume me whole body deodorant is now available with and without sweat control. Enjoy the outrageously effective odor control formula that you love now with a brand new superpower. Sweat control, smell fresher stay dryer and boost your confidence from head to toe. 72 hour odor and sweat control for pits, privates and beyond. Baking soda free and paraben free pH balance for safe use below the belt, choose from a variety of fresh, bright scents like clean tangerine, lavender, sage, or toasted coconut Lummi Starter pack is perfect for new customers. It comes with a solid stick deodorant, cream tube deodorant. Two free products of your choice like mini body wash or deodorant wipes and free shipping as a special offer for listeners. New customers will get 15% off of all Lummi products with our exclusive code. And if you combine the 15% off With, the already discounted starter pack that equals over 40% off of their starter pack, use the code Cancelled for 15% off of your first purchase@lummideodorant.com. That's code Cancelled at L-U-M-E-D-E-O-D-O-R-A-N t.com.


The Other day, Alex Warren ver called me and they were telling me all these stories of times Clinton came over and was trying to brag to them about cheating on you. And they had to like cuss him out. Like Clinton came over and he was like, that's just my whole brand is being toxic. Like Brooke knows what she signed up for so I'm cheating on her. And look at this girl and this girl. Like he was trying and they had to like, Yeah, Alex messaged me the other day and was just like, how crazy is this? Honestly, the nicest thing that you could've done was just say that you would fuck the shit outta kid rock. 'cause you could've done way worse. I know I could should have cheated on him the whole time. God. 100%. I regret it. I responded to the series and I just said like, I don't feel any different about him after watching it. Like nothing new has changed in my opinion.


I knew he was gonna do exactly that. I thought he would at least do it from like Bruni or something. I thought there'd be a spunky twist. However, like that's just lack of budget and production. I knew it was gonna be just like that. It Does make me feel like weirdly sad that nobody cared about him enough to get him to not post that. Mm. Seriously. Like where's the pr the PR team? No, seriously. Like they, I mean first of all, I, I don't have a PR team, so he definitely doesn't have a PR team, you know what I mean? Like, no offense, but like he, you know, like there's no reason he would have a PR team. And it makes me sad that his manager, like he someone there, there had to be a process. He would need Chris Jenner herself to save him PR wise. Like there's, there's no PR team on Beverly.


I know that definitely makes me feel a little bit of like, I don't wanna say guilt, it's not guilt, but I feel like it's okay. We got, I got my vengeance. Everyone move forward. It's just hard. Next. It's just hard. Like I it is just so shocking and it like, I don't know, but you have To like, yeah, I'd be psycho if I was watching this all happen and being like, ki he like, this is funny. Yeah, it's not funny. It's really horrible. But I just such clown appreciate your empathy. He's such a clown. I do appreciate your empathy and I think it's beautiful and it attest to who you are as a person. Yeah. The Fact that you feel and your character guilt over any of this is beyond it's hard. It's, it's because it's not guilt. I felt guilt forever. I didn't wanna ever say anything. But now it's like It's Gen I, you know what it, you know what it is?


Paige, In the hands of the public. I I look at him and I just pity him. Yeah. Because how miserable of a life You have to live. I love in reverse too To tell these lies. And it just, it it does make me sad. He sat there and made a fucking Google calendar and like all these things to validate. What makes me sad is he believe he, he genuinely believes what he's saying and still, like he watched all of that back and wholeheartedly believed that he was right and I was wrong. And that is, that is a mental illness that I didn't even know existed until two years ago. 100%. Yeah. I said, and I'll say it again, I think he's right where you left him. And that within itself is so sad. I know, like I've always said that certain people's lives are their own punishment and Yeah. And I listen honestly in a, in, I don't know what he could do to come back from it, but take a second, call your therapist and tell her that your mom's alive because she's not, she's not helping you.


With the wrong. I've always said like I think in this scenario from a PR standpoint, the best case for him, and I mean this with everything in me, would have been to come online and tell the truth. Just Pass Up. Yeah. Like I know that's said myself, believe Said like put you, he's digging his heels in and it's like why? Yeah. I didn't believe in myself. I didn't believe in my music. I didn't believe in my ability to be a boyfriend. I made these things up. I came from a world where it caused me to maybe have these illnesses like pathologically lying in gas, whatever the fuck. You know? Like I think if he owned up to it, yes people would be so angry, but it would create a world for a new leaf to be turned over and growth to be shown. And that's the only thing that could garner any form of respect in this scenario, in my opinion.


Like Right. I Think it would've slayed so hard if he got on. He was like, yeah, fuck. Seriously if he just handled that shit like sketch, if he was like cast outta the bag, Like Yeah. Wait, can you Can explain. I did have sexual relations with all those women that weren't Brooke Schofield and He's like, let's address the elephant in the room. My mom's fucking alive. Yeah. It took him, I don't know what part he got to his mom, but it was like part, part like 28 out of 29. Like that within itself is just, And also ask me how many times, how many videos out of 29 he had an Australian accent like Baby that's part one. Yeah. Yeah. Like open with that. No one gives a fuck about Mel's diner But ordered the whole menu just to stay longer. Clinton came. You are an embarrassment.


I just saw this video today of do you remember when he performed at that after party event? And I was just laughing like we're all like sobbing to his music. Like the belief in him that we all Had like, and it, but it's, you know what it's like, it's almost like it like actually made him work. Like he was so talented at the time and that it's like, I don't wanna say that 'cause like there's all these videos going viral of him, like performing like badly and stuff and it actually makes me sad. Like no, it really does mean sad. No, He has a good voice Because he was no at like, I don't know what like it's almost like being a bad person like makes you worse at things because it was when he started getting so horrible that he started getting so bad. Mm. That's crazy. That's thing God was like, let me take those vocal chords away real quick. No, Seriously. And I don't know.


And like I really, I it's, yeah, I don't wanna regret getting too mean about it because it's like the internet has done its job and thank you guys obviously all for supporting me because it like really felt me. It Felt good. I love seeing you receive the support that you have had internally all along. Like obviously everyone close to you has always felt this way. Yeah. But it's One thing for people around you to validate you because of course like they're telling you you want what you wanna hear. But like a lot of, yeah, I was made to feel crazy in so many situations that like it was validating 'cause he posted texts and those were real texts from me. I was apologizing like a fuck a motherfucker. But every single person who commented on those videos was saying like, oh my gosh, I can see exactly where Brooke was coming from because I've been in situations like that. With the an ex or who, whoever who was gaslighting the fuck outta me and they respond the exact same way.


Like those texts, if anything were just proof of like the situation that you were put In. Yeah. That's the thing I would, I was constantly having to apologize and that's what was so infuriating about it. 'cause I don't like to admit when I'm wrong and I also don't like to say, I hate to say sorry if I'm not sorry. And that's all I was doing. He could have been telling me. But that was in itself is just an atest to the abuse. And I honestly, dude, I've been saying this all week, like my new bit and no one can stop me from this. Clint Cain is dead. I Know, but I don't like that bit. I don't mean like literally, but I'm just saying. But like From our lives, just he is gone erase him Completely. I know. And I'm, I'm healed and I feel good and I feel amazing and I'm like, I again, like I just almost kind of, not that I want it to be over 'cause I caused this and I know that I did. I think it will be, but it just, it's like, it's a lot and it's, I think the series was the nail in the coffin.


He came to the forefront and showed everyone who he is and eventually it will like move on. Yeah. You know? Yeah. I hope He gets Seen all these girls on TikTok talking about how like Jojo Siwa just released her new song at like, like not the most opportune time. 'cause everyone cares about the Clinton stuff so much. So she keeps making her choreography crazier. Dude. Like, let's let jojo have a moment. I don't even know she Released this song Only, only jokes Clinton only jojo could save you. And honestly, it's not even working. Donald Trump got shot and like, And your shit had more. Do you know her shit had more engagement than Donald Trump's? I Don't know that that's True. No, I I fully believe that I saw some analytics, but then where I Say some shit, I'm, I'm gonna go on record and say that those are faulty analytics as what were, I Don't know, bro.


Most Of Clinton's points and I don't know parts. That is crazy. Yeah. I got so drunk yesterday. It was like not even okay. Like I was, I was doing things I'm so ashamed of and Weren't You just les out. I was les out. Well, that's not, and I'm not ashamed of that, but I'm, I was like, there's like evidence of me at a restaurant. I, I wasn't even, I, I don't even know I went to Mm. Oh. And I'm like seeing tiktoks of like people I didn't even know I met. Like I'm, I'm like, I'm like key keying with them. But At least when you're hammered Brooke, like you don't, you hold yourself together. You, I know you, you always say that as a positive, but it's not a positive. It's a fucking curse because then everybody thinks I was dead serious with all that shit I was saying. And I didn't mean, Ooh, okay. I do the same thing though.


I go from black D fuck out. I'm like trying to like keep composed, like keep it together and then it's just lights out. And Then I'm just like, but you go silent. You get a case of the giggles that I've never seen You have. No, but I also go silent. I just, I go nonverbal. I can't talk too, I just go. Me too. But Imagine you're playing a game of telephone with yourself and everyone you've ever texted and FaceTimed ever. Yeah. That's tough. Yeah. That I, I do choose, I do choose peace. Yeah. Yeah. I choose peace. And I know better at this point 'cause I've ruined my life countless times. How was the lesbian though? Are you ready to just, Like I said on the last episode, I'm spending so much time with all these lesbians that I'm like, wait, I feel at home here. Yeah. You got the short nails going. You know what I mean? But I am, well I've had the short, short nails going, but I'm scared of, you know how like the swifties didn't welcome me? Like, because it was like, you either like join or don't, like, I don't wanna get accused of like queer baiting or anything.


So until I'm like literally scissor up, I'm just gonna go ahead. I I go wildly accused of that for like a very long time. And then I had to really like munch box for people to care. And it honestly infuriated me. I don't really know because it's like I was curious. I didn't know what I was doing. Yeah. Okay. But here's, okay, here's what I think. It's like The entire time I was dating Bella, every Daily Mail article was like Tana and friend Bella and friend. Like they, they never once like History will say they're best friends. Yeah, Yeah. Weren't not cats and dogs knocking knees and boots and shit. Yeah. That's the thing. But it's like, you know, if, I don't know if I like horseback riding, I like, but I haven't tried it. Well, but it's not a hobby. It's not a hobby. So if I don't, so okay, wait. So wrong, wrong answer. See, I'm learning at with you guys if I, if I appear follow along, I appear Irish.


Okay. But I don't know that I'm Irish. I've never checked. Okay. Okay. I've Got freckles and I've got almost red hair. So sometimes I'm thinking, oh my gosh, I'm probably Irish, but I've never done 23 and me. So until I get those results back, I won't know for sure. I also, Intelligent analogy ever like that was just so impressive. That's really sad. No, no, I'm good. No, that was, it was such an intelligent, I don't know if it's inherently in me because I've never put, like, I've really never put it to the test. Like, like seriously, like I've hooked up with girls, but like drunk and like, you know, I've never like really tried to date a girl. I Also think it's very, like, it's a case by case. For me. It's like person, it's, I don't know, like a person by person case.


So it's like, like Queer dating? No, no. Like, oh actually like having sex or like when it comes to like dating girls, for me it's very, and like just anyone I date in general, like I just have to like them as a person be like really attracted to them. It doesn't matter like what sexuality they are. Yeah. Like what they identify as. It's just very like, if I like you and like I think you're attractive and I like your personality, like then you're for me. Yeah. But it's like maybe it just, it's gonna take it finding that for you to go there. I think so too. I 100% agree With that. I also think like women are, and it Also, it also could just be like literally have been driven like literally off the rails by the men. And it's just like, That's what happened to me. I also think with me, like for example when I enter a room, like I think I'm more straight than I am gay most of the time.


And like when I enter a room and there's like a bunch of hot guys, I see them and I know that they're hot guys because I think I'm inherently attracted more to men. Like I'm not looking girls. But you find out looking at all these girls I out that girls attractive. Like the more you talk to her, like Yes. Like for me, with every girl I dated, it was very like case by case. Like, wait, I just love you and I'm so attracted to you. I'm not like walking into this room like trying to fuck y'all. Whereas if you were like straight guys, I might be more like That's what your natural like disposition is. You're yes. You instinctually you're natural. Yes. I understand That. I also think women are far more intimidating than men. Like you never know if they're actually like gay. If like they're into it and it's like It's fucking Playing Sudoku. But that's why You Figure it out. Bev on camera just looked me dead in the eyes and goes, Me and baby are gonna hook up one day.


And I've always said that too. I know it's a, it's like a lot of tension that goes on in this friend group. Yeah. It Really is. We just need to have a big group. Fuck no. But we gotta Just work it out. The Thing I am concerned for you with is, in my opinion, I have been the most emotionally terrorized. Yeah. That's what I hear by the women I've dated. Like, you want to talk about psychotic fights? You want to talk because it's like Psychological warfare. Imagine someone's matching your emotional intelligence and throwing it right back at You. I know it couldn't be a man Because a man, when you guys, when you fight with a man, all they can say is like, you stupid fucking bitch. A woman like a woman will come for you and be like, yeah, that's why your mom abandoned you when you're six years old and your dad never fucking came home. I'm like, dude.


Oh. And think about the fact that like, think about how, like, have you ever tried to fight with a guy at like 3:00 AM and he's like, I'm too tired. We have to Yeah. Like they Don't even want to, A woman's never too tired, babe. You'll see the sunrise and the next sunrise. Aw. That's like, Yeah, Maybe it's not. And it's like when you think you finally like came to a resolution, like you guys are done arguing about it and like you figured it out. Nope. You'll bring up five more points that weren't addressed the first time. Like they will find something so minuscule To expand on. Can't you can't play any of the games that you play with a man. Oh no. You can't play with a woman. No, because she's played, you know what I mean? It's, it's Like, yeah, I do. I I agree. And I'm like already like emotionally a little bit off the rails. So I feel like that's the last thing I need to get myself involved in.


Granted it also is the most loving relationship that you'll ever be in. Like, you'll never be more seen or heard in your entire life. So That's good. I do need to somebody who's gonna match me emotionally because I keep getting involved with these guys who think only with logic and not like with a woman's brain. I need somebody to think with an emotional brain. Yeah, I agree with that. And I'm the most emotional, the Only times I've ever actually had to go like full, full fucked up, no contact like restraining order though is with women. Like, 'cause it does just, I don't know. Restraining order is crazy. Like no, it came, Clinton Tells everyone he has a restraining order against me. It's so funny that he lives in San Diego. It just builds And builds. Yeah. Justin Horowitz just ran into him in San Diego. But you guys look for him. Wait, don't look for him.


Don't look for Him. I was just in San Diego all weekend and you should have seen me like this. Like, oh, like I was Like, he ran, he had to run. Well wait, I shouldn't say that, but like, he couldn't stay here. What was he gonna do? Like go back to bru, find another girlfriend. Like Yeah. San Diego's not safe. Yeah. Go To brunette. He's in the country. Yeah. I, well, no, that's what he's done every single time. That's how he's ended up so many places. This is the problem with Girlhood is that we will always circle back to some shit. Like girls are never like, you know what I mean? Like I know I've been like, it's never him alone. Just leave him alone and I just can't. And then six seconds later something like bring, I know I can't Help myself. I'm so sorry. What? I was gonna like kind of segue with like lesbian relationships too. Like when I broke up with my ex, she was like, can we be friends?


And I was like, I do not have the emotional capacity to like remain friends with you Felt, I felt that I cannot in almost every relationship ever. Yeah. I was like, I can just view you as a friend without their like being any like romantic attachment there. My last ex-girlfriend is saved in my phone. Like dead ass as and like to help me shit as crazy ass bitch don't answer and like blocked on everything. Like it'll never work, Dude. It's, it's hard. No, I think I, again, I know I say this so often on the cancel podcast, but I think I really need to just keep getting off the table until I get my ducks in a row. And like obviously I'm not, I'm doing something so terribly wrong and I keep getting like really bad situation


This year. We all have a choice to make, but it's not just about this donkey or that elephant. Some of us want lobster oysters or Michelin star chef's take on sea bass, someone watch whales. Others wanna make way for ducklings. And some people just wanna get the whole family on top of a big old green monster. We all have different agendas, but that's exactly why Boston is the one thing we can all agree on. Book your getaway@meetboston.com this year. We all have a choice to make, but it's not just about this donkey or that elephant. Some of us want lobster oysters or a Michelin star. Chef's take on sea bass, some wanna watch whales. Others wanna make way for ducklings. And some people just wanna get the whole family on top of a big old green monster. We all have different agendas, but that's exactly why Boston is the one thing we can all agree on. Book your getaway@meetboston.com.


Speaking of Xes though, talking about being friends. Wait, boy, do I have some tea for y'all? Give It to me, Paige. Do I have some? And show me to me Please for you Guys. I don't wanna make anything about me, but it is so hard to keep track of how many men I want dead. Like I'm not even kidding. Like all the women I love in my life lately. It's like, like, oh my God. Like another one that I now want dead. He's public enemy number one. Okay, so well, Do you wanna give some law on him in general so that I Yeah, I was gonna say educate the Cancelled listeners. Let me give like a little backstory. I'll make it pretty quick. I'll make it snappy. You have to name him. So that's what we do here. I'll call him Greg. Okay. Backstory on Greg.


So I met him on Hinge. This happened like November last year, right. Hinge already for his fucking red flag. This man had just came out of a four year long relationship. Never that, never that. Oh, I know. Oh, I learned my lesson. But he claimed he was over it. She was a fucking toxic ex. This and that. They also went to couples therapy. That's how you know, which I also said there was one day we were like talking about our ex as he was getting into it and I go, go get your wife. And he goes, yeah, I should call her. He did. Anyway. Yeah. Yeah. We spend New Years together. We're having like a great time. We're like three months in. All of his friends are saying to me, they're like, Greg likes you so much. Like, just admit that you guys are in love with each other. It's so fucking obvious, but none of neither of you will just say it, da da da, whatever.


So I'm like, on cloud nine, I'm like, I have this man wrapped around my finger, like he loves me. He doesn't. So fast forward, we're getting deep into it and now I'm getting to the point where I'm like, okay, to make make it or break it. Like what are we doing here? I don't wanna waste my fucking time. You're At the, you're at the cap. Yeah. The, the time cap for like to be in a situationship. The free trial subscription has ended. Now you gotta fucking, and one Doesn't expire. What It's like three months, right? Yeah. So I did my three month mark, even Four or five. Like, but after that it's long. Like long. Everyone should die too Long. They know two weeks if they wanna date you or not. That's You're, you're so am I. Three excuses for a minute. Let's wrap it up. I went 11 months. I went 11 rounds. Yeah. Cookie. So I was month three and I was like, all right, what the fuck are we doing? There was one night we get drunk, we start talking about it and he actually brings it up.


He's like, what do you think about us? And I'm like, wait, this is good. I'm like, I think this is going really well. Like, I like what we're doing and whatever. Like I like wanna keep seeing it like forward. And I was like, what about you? And he was like, yeah, I I like you, like this is perfect, da da da. And he goes, so like, do you want a boyfriend? I'm like kicking my feet. I'm like, yeah. Like I think like eventually it would get there. And I was like, what about you? And he goes, well I'm just really not in a place for that right now. Like, you know, I, I'm going through a lot. I'm like working on myself, da And they always wanna play House working on themselves. They always wanna play house until the house. Like, you really want the house to be a home, right? It's like, So catch this actual psychological fucking warfare. Right? We have this whole deep talk in his car and he's like, let's just go inside.


Oh, he makes a joke in the car and he is like, we're talking about like our sex whatever. And he's like, you're the best sex I've ever had. I was like, likewise. It's honestly fucking insane. Call me. Aww. And We're sick. We're I'm Sick. No, but stigmatization is a real form babe. And they say we don't get scientific on the Cancelled podcast. I was In dick sand, right? Sinking in Dick's Sand Ed growling hole. Don't I can't. You guys are too intelligent for me. Stop. I was in dick sand. I want a shirt, I want a tapestry. I want a B Match. Merch page gets a good good check.


Thank You. I was in fucking dick sand with this man and he makes a joke and he is like, should we just like say I love you during sex? I'm like, ha ha. Yeah. Like that would be so funny. It wasn't. We end up going into his room, he puts on Fade Into You by Maie Star, which is my favorite song of all time. If you Don't wanna get married, play the weekend. You Sick fuck. Please Fade Into You by Maie Star. We are having the most soul intertwining, I don't even know how else to describe it. Soul intertwining. I contact, I love you Sex. Why ing Cry babe. I did. So. Oh my God. Literally transcending time and space. We are linking like the avatars do, right? Tw connecting Braid. They do, I Know We are making Why are we, why are we making another avatar sexual reference?


Like, she wasn't even here for that. I, I watched it. Oh, I'm like, I make the edits around here. I know We are making zalo, we're inter 20. Fuck. And he goes, he looks at me and he goes, say it. And I go, you first. He goes, I love you. I said, I love you too. And we have the most insane sex ever. I don't hear for this. I don't hear from this man for a week after a full seven days. I do not hear from this man. And it's genuinely like, just like, what are you doing? Are you solving a really hard Rubik's cube bro? Like, like no I have, He's genuinely stuck in quicksand. I hope this man got hit by a fucking semi.


Right? So I finally reach out 'cause I'm like, what the fuck is this? And I sent him like this whole text just essentially saying like, Thomas, I'm With the poker hand. It's a good Sentence. Oh. Oh thank you. I said, I'm honestly a little upset that I haven't heard from you. Especially after bringing up in the conversation that we had. Because I talked about his lack of communication too, which was just shit. Yeah, of course. I said I've been thinking about it and I wanna see myself out before we keep getting deeper into this. I would want you or whoever I'm with to be excited and have no doubt in their mind we had a really amazing time together and none of it was a waste to me. I really like you, but it's best to hold when your hand's not strong. I hope you understand. That Is so strong time. He responded, he said not reading that essa. No.


And It sucks because we're both the type of being people. It's Giving a list of Violet not listening to that fucking voice memo. No. Literally. 'cause like that made me fold. I was like, Hi, you're so funny. I I 100% I'm the same way. I would fold every time. 'cause it's funny and it's like That's not funny. But no, but then he followed it up. Oh and he said, I appreciate and respect your message. I don't wanna push the issue. If you made up your mind for what it's worth, I didn't intend to like see you this week. Have a call to discuss how we last left things. He said, poker metaphor in the breakup text is crazy. I said, take it to a publisher for real. But I said, if your mind is still in the same place, then us talking about it more would just be beating a dead horse. I was never good at gambling. I love the callback. I Keep getting chills. You're such a fucking eater. I Where Were you fucking 20 minutes ago? You shoulda have phoned a friend. I'm always here. I know he well, we'll see, we'll see later because I got bars.


So you really don't, he ends up reaching out. I haven't talked to him. So we didn't talk after this. Right. It was like, no, no contact. Radio silence, no contact, radio silence. He reached out on June 9th, two 30 in the morning. He said, I love women ate you about tonight. Then he edited it. Are you about tonight? Didn't respond for 10 minutes. He goes, are you out tonight? Undo. Sorry. So he knew he fucked up. He was drunk as fuck. He sent me like the drunk 2:00 AM. Text knows he fucked up. Took it back. But I didn't respond. So validating. I would love to get That. Oh I did. I was like, I was rubbing hands like Birdman. But we were giggling. That was the best reference ever. We were giggling, kicking feet. But you're so strong. Like the way she handled all of this and the like lack of contact and whatever, like you're really my president.


Thank you. Yeah. For you to be able to be the first to be like, you know what, this isn't for me. Sorry. Gotta see my myself and stand outta business. I would've Smokey wing on in 20 Friday and I would've been about tonight. Listen, I'm always like, I will not be made a fool. Me a fool. I'm being made a fool. So yeah, Tori always said, she's like, you're literally made of steal for not responding to that. I said thank you. He texted me today at one in the afternoon. So he's been thinking about it. This wasn't like a late night text. Yeah, right. He goes, I'd like to be friends with you if that sounds cool and not weird to you or if there's an avenue there sometime down the road, let me know. I hope you're well, et cetera. I sent him a screenshot of a, a cerebral email that I got for my six months celebrating my mental health journey.


See that is really like, honestly that's really powerful. God, you're so genius. You're so smart. Thank you. Thank you. So I sent him a screenshot and then he just talked about I'm more stable and well adjusted now, da da da, whatever. And He goes, of course you are. He goes, think about it. Let me know if you think we can have a platonic relationship because I do enjoy who you are. I think that could be fuck you. First of all, I hate when an ex is like, can we be friends? No, I have enough friends. I have plenty of friends actually I don't, what are we gonna do? Intelligent Good friends. Like I, nobody wants to be friends. With the fucking, All we've ever done is knock genitals. What the fuck are we gonna Go to a pottery class? See you guys. Do you, I feel like sometimes you guys get together beforehand. Oh no.


We just spend, we, yeah, we've never gotten apart. We Don't separate. But I was going to a pottery class and St I Bitch. I'm literally just, I'm so if you don't wanna date me, leave me the fuck alone. I am heavy, heavy on it. You could have just left me alone. You could've just fucking left me alone. And I'm begging, I'm sorry, Q qb. Quite literally begging. I also want to for 10 seconds, I have personal beef with him now. Right? Oh my God. What do you do? Yeah, so mind you, Paige was, Paige is very good as well about like kind of like when she's newly talking to someone protecting almost like her friend group.


Like she's not, dude, I make out with someone once and I'm bringing them around to everyone like signing the wedding papers. Yeah. Like I'm unfortunately just like that. Like you'll like make sure like I'm not gonna bring you all around trial, trial run until like you're my fucking boyfriend 'cause you don't deserve that. And like correct all these new friends and you know, whatever. And we've talked about that at length. Like I think it's such a good thing that you do. Right? So I only have the privilege of meeting this Privilege Is crazy of meeting this diva wrong word, Greg. This diva Greg Diva like 2, 2, 3 times. Right. And obviously like I'm ready to meet him and get to know him as much as she's comfortable with. Right. Duh. But the only time we'd really ever even had some camaraderie was at a Lakers game.


Like we all went to this Lakers game and we were all in the suite and he was hammered Embarra. I was sober. Sober at the time too. Embarra. So it was kind of like one of those where I was like, whatever. We just didn't really get to like link up. And I was going through a lot of drama at that Lakers game. That was when Yeah. Lila Gate began. Yes. So I just wasn't, we didn't even talk like that much at all. Whatever. Right. And I'm assuming that you were never going to him talking shit about me, obviously. Duh. Fuck no. Duh. So it's like his only interaction with me was like nice and kind, positive whatever. And Revi a couple weeks ago goes out to the club with this guy that she met on Hinge. Right. Come to find out he's best friends or neighbors with Greg. So Greg comes and then Revi is meeting fans at the club and Greg is like there and hammered and like whatever.


And a fan comes up to Trevin and is like, I love you and Tana, like you and Tana in this video, whatever. Greg has the nerve to open his little Yap and say like, oh Tana, I know Tana, I don't like Tana. I don't even fucking know you. What The fuck Greg Literally bold of you to fucking say you actual weird motherfucker. Like, And was just try like speaking to like sounding exhausted of like our lore essentially. And just Acting like he knows her and like he's been around her and he is like, oh yeah, like Tana, you don't fucking know her at all. You actual weirdo. And so you wanna be friends, you wanna kick it in the front. He just wanted feel like he had Some sort of like right now you wanna be besties? No, I'm actually gonna come on here and slander your fucking name.


Yeah. And you should say his real name I Think. No, just kidding. Well, well No we don't do that anymore. Someone, someone made A thing today that said Brook's like Zeus and like everyone just is like getting struck by lightning. I love playing God. And you know what's crazy to, I love playing Amlie. And here's the thing, like how actually crazy is it? Because Trevi texted us, it was like two in the morn or not like 12. And she goes, S os 9 1 1, I'm out with your Greg. And she was like, the man I went on a date with just so happens to be friends with him. Oh my God. And he brought it up, he was like, do you know Paige Cameron? And she was like, yeah. And then she goes, oh, oh, oh. And he goes, I'm like, Why are You fishing? She goes, oh, Why are you like, oh, do you guys know Paige Cameron?


Like, obviously is that your only claim to anything in Los Angeles? Like yawning boy, Barf, barf, barf, barf, barf, barf. So anyway, She barked Yay. Quietly For you. Thank you. All I have to say to do you is Yeah, no, that's so fucking frustrating. It's like, Like you say, leave me alone. Like don't come back into my life. Come like walk back. 'cause it's like I was doing just fine. You sent him your fucking six month thing. You've been on this whole healing journey. You haven't thought about him in X amount of fucking months. And now he wants to What? Be play Nintendo Switch. That's just what I don't exactly. I think that's just what I don't get is it's like, it's a cheap Way for him to kind of like try to open the door again to us hooking up.


Duh. Like hello, duh. Right. Thank you. And it works every time on me. No, I, I almost folded and I was like, hold on, hold on. Lemme put my diva hat on. But See you're so much better than me. I'm like trying. Oh my God. Yeah. At, at some point I'm just like, I can't be made a fool. I have to stand the fuck up. No, And that's amazing. And such a fucking admirable quality because what The fuck? And listen, But it, it pains me. I don't Wanna do it. I know. But we could Go to Silver Lake tonight with blindfolds on arms out like this and the first person we grabbed by the collar would probably be just like Greg. And that's what he needs to remember. Like Yeah. Yeah. You are not special. You are literally just, You are just Ken, Another raggedy man. Same With him. Like, it's like, Especially him, We could go fishing with our eyes closed and probably grab someone With the line and find, you know, it's just We are Barbie It and Tim and his other girlfriend.


Right. They Just Ken. No one of them. Yeah. Well that's the thing too. Yeah. So, So that was fun today sending Back This cerebral screenshot is just going It, so, okay. You know, you know what is so valuable about that is like, you're gonna feel good about that forever. You know what I mean? When you do fold, it's just like a disgusting feeling that you have to carry with you forever. That was such a good take. Yeah. Like we don't vocalize that enough. Like just in general, it's like girls watching like fo you will always feel like shit folding. And when you're in the position to not fold, like do your best not to. Yeah. Well Yeah, I, I say that because I've been in the position, I've literally ended things With the same person that I'm like going through this with like with right now I've done it myself and I felt amazing.


I felt like a fucking million bucks. And now that it's not on my own terms, I want to die. And I'm like, why couldn't I have just fucking stood on business and committed to what I meant? They never Changed. It's sad as fuck to be in the vulnerable position and like, think you can just chat a little, but like in reality you're all part of this big plot to get like, You know? Yeah. And like they're just, they never change. So learned, lesson learned. Dora is closed. S nice knowing you. See you Greg. Bye Greg. Don't let the door hit you. It's so funny that your manager's name is Greg. Like I know. Sorry Greg. Poor Greg. Oh, Sorry Greg. I'm just catching strays. I'm gonna be at his house tonight. Don't Careful drinking. I Know.


That's Where I get myself in trouble. I just need somebody new. I'm like upset. I got like blue balled by this athlete who I've been obsessed with forever. And then like I, I talked about him like, you know, here and there on Cancelled, like from years. We've known him for like four years now and he Oh, that one. Yeah. He came back in recently and we've been like, we were like really chatting it up, like really hitting it off. And I was like, fuck this loser who like, you know what I mean? Like, I was like, I've got this guy and then he just disappeared on me. I'm like, God, I will never win. I can't Do, you know, lastly the boys lie girl said to me like, athletes, artists and assholes. And it just like, it's so true. Like give anyone creative or athletic freedom and Suddenly No, it's, they don't have a empathetic bone in their body.


It's almost like, like it's, it has to be correlated with like success though. Like a certain level of success. It's like it gives someone like an ego that is irreparable. My man didn't even have any level of success actually. He was at the first rung in the ladder of success and he thought he Could do all that. Yeah's. True. That's bold actually. Yeah. What is it? That's bold. But then it's like, it's same thing with like ugly guys. It's like sometimes I really also just think it's la Like I'm so, it's funny, I just set one of my close friends up with one of KO's friends and she was kind of being like, wow, like this guy's such a great guy. Like where do you find these? And I'm like, literally Maui. Like unfortunately, like it's like I'm on outsource outsourcing. I'm so on outsourcing.


Like, it's like, because even like your guy you're saying was on the number one rung of this ladder, but we've always said it, it takes a certain level of delusion to move to LA and to, so you think, and why is it perfectly fine when women do it? I don't know. I can't, I can't get the nail on the head there. But I'm just saying with these men, like there's not Enough Research they move here. Yeah. Because they, you know, I think they're so Yeah. A Shitty whatever I'm asking. What they have is so valuable. Like they have the, what they have to offer. The world is like enough to get them out here and then they have Yeah. No, no, no, no. And it's Just so Funny too. Like I think it's different because women don't use, like, women will move to LA with that delusion, but they're not using it to like hold power or manipulation or a narcissistic hierarchy over a man.


Like it's, I think that's why I say it like that. Yeah. I don't know. But then there's guys like Aaron. Dude, I really, Aaron, I feel like Aaron is always in the room when we're like, literally today we're like all having a conversation. Bebe, all of us where we're like, I fucking hate man. And Aaron's like, Hey, like There are good ones. Exceptions to the rule. They're just so few and Far too times. I, but I would like, I have to take some sort, like some level of accountability for choosing guys that I know are wrong. Oh yeah. You know what I mean? It's like there's, there's a a million good guys, like actual, like Aarons everywhere that we are fucking, like literally just walking right past to get straight to the guy who's seven feet tall. Yeah. I also, I do think they're fewer and far between in la It's, it's not That was crazy.


Crazy. Well, I'm talking about athletes. I could have said the guy who's singing in the corner that wasn't supposed to be Guy With The fucking mustache mullet, patchwork tattoos that I'm Just saying like, it's, it's like something that I gravitate toward every time is the guy who I know is gonna fucking suck. And it's just like something, it's literally like magnetic. The guy who's gonna ash his cigarette out in my eyeballs Yes. Is the one I'm going for every single time. You Ate so hard with That and I'm, I'm starving. It's just True. No, even just the hinge of it all is scary. 'cause you're picking someone solely based on their looks and where they live and they're, you know, I don't know. You gotta be Careful With the dating apps too. 'cause it's like you have to assume that if they're meeting you there, they're meeting lots and lots of people there all the time.


No, you know, I had a hinge man with fucking patchwork and a mustache fuck up my year. No. And then I was like, and then I was like, wait, I literally don't know you. That's what's crazy. That is the good healing thing about meeting people on dating apps is that you can at some point remove yourself from the situation. Be like, I don't fucking know you at all from Adam or Eve Adam or Eve. I always say that wrong. I know she always says Adam or Eve. What do you wait? That's, it's just, I don't know you from Adam. Oh. Or if she doesn't know you from Adam. I, I'm just Always from Adam or I think but, But also Feminist. I wanna go on record and say, there's a lot of times that everyone knows this, that I've corrected Tana and been wrong and I wanna take accountability because sometimes I just be saying shit, Shit ss, while we have this right now, like literally just So serious.


But like, I, you know, sometimes I just like, really, like, I, I have a, I have an issue I always have like with being like a know-it-all, I was like the person to like, you know, that I was just gonna say like in class I was like the person to like correct my teacher and stuff. But it's because my grandpa, like, I grew up with my grandpa and he was like, he was an English teacher and he wanted to correct me all the time. I felt like that was like the nature of my household and I was such a like little like fucking, I also have an issue with thinking I'm right about everything I say. So if anything I think it's a good balance. Yeah. Well I think I'm right always too, but I'm really almost always wrong. But I, I'm speaking with a lot of delusion a lot of the time and I do think you hold me accountable. So I don't want anything to change


This year. We all have a choice to make, but it's not just about this donkey or that elephant. Some of us want lobster oysters or a Michelin star. Chef's take on sea bass. Some wanna watch whales. Others wanna make way for ducklings. And some people just wanna get the whole family on top of a big old green monster. We all have different agendas, but that's exactly why Boston is the one thing we can all agree on. Book your getaway@meetboston.com.


COVID-19 Viruses like Me changed to fool your immune system and make you sick. But updated vaccines help protect you. Stay up to date on COVID-19 and flu vaccinations sponsored by champions for vaccine education, equity and progress.


Wait, I was gonna ask you guys, do you guys think anything about my picnic or pick me like tech tendencies has anything to do with growing up in a household of men, like wanting the approval of like, yes. I always, I, because I That's first Chime in ever you go. Ah. 'cause I'm, I'm, I've been like really trying to unpack it. Thank you Aaron. That was, that was, he's getting me back for a second ago. Yeah. Obviously like I had my grandpa and my uncle who I grew up with, like, only really 'cause my grandma like once I like was like really formative years. Like she was gone. Mm. So like everything was just like, like I need the approval of like them. Oh, if you wanna go so crazy on that. Like I, but it's not like, Could go so deep. She's like, like the strongest like, like ma male figures in my life ever.


Yeah. I think it's, Yeah, Just comes down to like trying to like measure up to the men in your life. No, I also think it's like my natural instinct is like to impress a man, to like, to like more validation. I wanna say things like, I wanna say things that I know that like they're gonna relate to and stuff like that. 'cause that's, it kind of like, I wonder about that. I was such a massive pick me until like 18 or nine. Like I just got humbled crazy like by the internet and I think that saved me from that. But I Was such a, well that's what's happening to me. Yeah. I was such a fucking pick me like, 'cause I always wanted my dad to love me. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, and that I, that translated into all of the first people I ever dated. You know what I mean? Yeah. Well it's like, and who was my interactions? Yeah. Yeah. It's like those, those are the opinions that I've al always valued the most is like my uncle and my grandpa. 'cause those are the people who I were in my house.


So now I'm like of like, of Yeah. That's men. Those are two men. Yeah. I think that's just like growing, like growing up too and realizing you don't need the male validation. I think everyone goes through that phase. I did that too in high school. Are you fucking kidding me? Was like, yeah. But it's like, It's so, it's so hard to unlearn it because it's like really it's not, it's so subconscious. Like I have no idea that I'm doing it and I'll watch something back and I agree with everyone. Yeah. But I'm like, wait, like It's, I completely, completely resonate with you on that. Like, I think it's something that I still am unlearning and still have to figure out and like, you know what I mean? I don't know. Yeah. Same thing with like, just misogyny in general. I feel like, like I'm naturally and, and that combined with like everyone in my household being like way older. Same was Yeah. Yeah. You too. Yeah. That it's almost like I'm like very old fashioned and like, it just like, I think I just had a perfect storm of like all kinds of things to gimme a really bad personality and I'm apologizing.


No, I you Don't have a bad personality. You have the best personality in the World. I'm, but I was really working on it. But you Have the Best personality in the World. No, no, no. Now see now it looks like I'm fishing, I gotta stop. No, no I don't. You're don You're thinking this way too hard. Also, you're a girl's girl. Like, so if you, I'm like, if you wanna be a little, pick me here and there. It doesn't fucking matter because at the end of the day, you're a girl's girl and you will ride for your girls. I do love girls so much and I've always had the best and strongest like female friendships. And I like, I care about that more than I care about anything else. So that's why I get like sometimes frustrated with, I also pick me allegations 'cause I'm like, I really would, I would choose a woman every time. Yeah. And you do. I also think so many people unfortunately, and some by choice and some not by choice. We'll never be blessed With the awareness pack, right?


Yeah. We'll never be blessed With, the awareness pack Clinton, Cain And, and Yes. But even just, but even just everyone, like so many people just will never have that like social, like the fact that right now you can say I was raised this way and it made me this way and I want to change that pattern. Some people will never get do you know Matter. Yesterday I was with a fucking Nepo Nepo baby ass bitch and I was just watching her like, dig a grade, just say the conversationally touch. And I was like, you'll never get that. Oh, that's sad. Like, you know. But like the Amount of people who don't actually spend the time to self-reflect and think about shit like that You're already Well it helps that we have like really no choice because like if we are, we're not gonna do it. Someone else is gonna do it for you.


So it's kinda like, honestly it's helpful sometimes like the not criticism, criticism isn't like helpful, but I like when people point things out that you didn't necessarily know about yourself. Okay. But look at Alyssa Violet and I don't mean to like No, let's take it That. Did we not take it there hard enough last time? I'm just saying point blank being she had a week of the internet of thousands of people saying, Hey, this is probably a really wrong take. And her entire take from that was, the internet's just a toxic place. Mind you, the dis tracks were going for years. You made it toxic. Yeah. Like, like she could have, you know what I mean? Like you didn't have to post that reeled back. Yeah. C Clinton King Could've read the comments on my videos and maybe he would've changed up his 29 Part series.


That's what I'm saying. I'm saying like the self-awareness, like awareness pack is given to everyone. Some people just Choose not to see. Like they just, They get the, the walking stick And They start, you know what I mean? Like, it, it doesn't, it doesn't always hit. And you're lucky to have those cogs turning properly. Yeah, I'm trying. You, you're, I think You're succeeding. Trump got shot. Trump did get shot. We kind of breezed over that earlier or skimmed over that earlier. I love the little tap. You are such a dad. You go like that's exactly, she'll beat you. I'm a knee slapper like crazy, crazy. And I keep, for some reason I like adopted it to where I hit exactly the like the reflex thing on my knee sometimes.


So you'll notice it on Cancelled all the time. I'll, I'll like do The whole your bear just goes wire With the bears very hilarious. It has mustard stain, but that is Tana's bear. Yeah. It's So funny that we both have the same slippers. You and I, Paige and mine are clearly covered in various sauces and your aren't, But I like to eat down to my feet. We Did. Wait, so we skimmed over. Wait, one of these, wait, both of ours have a mustard stain. Does mine Have a mustard Stain? Oh wait, no, it's just a Fuzzy Oh, you pass it to me. Sorry. I'll Take the mustard home. We skimmed over Donald Trump getting shot, but like, that's actually so fucking insane. I wanna know what you guys think it's going to do to the election. I saw this guy doing standup comedy and the video had like 10 million views and like a million likes.


So it wasn't just something I skimmed across. This is something that was like massively well received, right? Yeah. Of him saying like, I wasn't really fucking with Trump until I knew that he had Ops Joe Biden's biggest op is the stairs. And like I was like, damn, this shit is actually like ma like sway, first of all, hilarious. Second of all like listen, this is swaying the election in my opinion. Well, yeah. A a An attempted assassination do That for sure. That's the picture of him like bleeding from his ear, holding his fist up. With the flag in the back of all it goes crazy. Hilarious. Second of all hilarious is Crazy. Did you, You are on the watch list by now. I just kept seeing memes of Trump's ear bleeding and people saying, Don't get your ears Pierce.


That Claire's No, I was gonna say I keep seeing and it's, I can barely lift my head back up. I'm like, I keep saying your fierce that Claires, this is where America's at. No, I keep seeing edits of him like as the Norman fucking Rockwell album cover. Wait, isn't that Carl in Wait, Definitely Carlson's boyfriend, right? Who? Norman Fucking Rockwell the Guy on the cover. Jesse Lee or Jesse r No, No, no, no. Look are we, is that what you're looking at? We're Looking at a photo of the Grand Canyon. Well, Lana, of course Lana's a Trump supporter.


Wait, what do you mean? Right? It would feel, that feels right to me. Okay. You're probably right. That makes sense. I mean that checks out. But that, so does that Mean, first of all, someone made that in P'S Art what's Happening? She also didn't wear a mask during Covid and she was honestly hilarious. She wore like a mesh bedazzled. Oh, so does that mean your full ma now? Like K Lana? No, no, no, no. Look At there. She's holding an automatic weapon. She's hilarious. God, I love her so much. That's Well, Okay. She, She With the fact checking. Erin literally just, just acts out of the tap. God, She looks amazing. She's so hot. I love her. Yeah, we're not Flying. And I also keep seeing Sorry. No, you first. No, I Was gonna say you go like this.


I'm like, ah, I also keep seeing fan edits of like Trump and Joe Biden and it's like, and another lifetime. We like would've played golf together. Dude Did guys Like a Phoe Bridger song? I saw, I saw a meme that was like Joe Biden called Donald Trump to see if he was okay. Like if he wanted to he would. Yes, that can I be honest with you, there was a edit the other day of how Trump and Biden would be friends in another life. And it moved me to actual tears like streaming down my face. It makes me sad for both of them. Like, they're so old. That's All. Hey, like, no, I just wanna see them like on a golf course. I'm like, Alyssa Violet. Well, Donald's, first of all, Donald is on that golf course. He did not miss his fucking 8:00 AM tee time the next day.


That's iconic. That's so fucking funny. It's so also, weren't they like arguing about that at the podium? But I wanna be, I wanna just be so there's A point in my life where like if I got shot at the ear, I would still be in Barney's Beery that night. And That's why I love it. I I wouldn't And that's the difference between you and I I would've made such a debacle about that. No, I would've called the Hollywood Fix, had my ear out Like Kevin won. Kevin walks outside. I have myself bandaged up so crazy Like in a wheelchair. Has nothing to do with your legs. I have, I have crues. You have a cast on your arm. Everyone's like, I look like that fucking meme from SpongeBob. No, You couldn't get that dry blood off you And paper skin.


Holy Fuck. Oh God, I can't help it. What is it? That's another thing I have like, I don't know where I got is like that the hope to get hurt. You actually just made me gulp. I went No, Brooke. Genuinely, you couldn't get that dried blood off your ear if someone had a fucking ever I was the type to like keep the hospital band on for like months. Listen, Like What happened? Can I actually say something that I will probably regret me every week week. Me, every single week. I do. However, and listen, we were just talking about this. We are such victims of propaganda. I'm, I'm the number one target for propaganda. I felt victim every single time I believed Clinton Cain.


I think the shooting was staged. Okay. I keep seeing tiktoks about this and I Honestly obviously, like before I even get into that, it's very unfortunate that anyone like lost a life or got injured. So it's like hard to talk about it in a lighthearted manner when there was something serious that happened. But I 100% think it was staged. I don't know how I feel about it. I haven't seen any like tiktoks about that. Honestly. I haven't seen any tiktoks about, I just think if, if he was genuinely in fear of his life, maybe he would've No. But doing shot will do something or getting shot will do that to you. Like, you know when like the adrenaline, like I am seeing really weird videos about like the crowd not ducking or running, but just all Yeah. Did there? Yeah. You see that girl behind him? I did see that video of that girl behind him who was like, yeah, but I guess also MAGA stands are kind of like that.


I Don't know. Also, I don't, I'm not confident that I would know what was happening in a situation like that. Especially the sound. It doesn't sound like a gunshot when Yeah. I see. I've been in so many shootings, so many. I was actually just thinking about this shooting. I was at one time, sorry, here I go. Flippant breadcrumb. Wait, yeah. I, in high school and a lot of Vegas parties would get shot up like a lot. Right. Which was just like awful. Right. And one of my friends, Jack, he lived, I love you Jack. He got shot, but I was standing next to him and you just know, like I was thinking about this genuinely like you hear the immediate noise and you know. No, But I don't think, I don't think I have the Same thing. It's a noise that you don't hear. I've but I have heard It. Oh, but you freeze is what you're saying. I, I'm telling you.


And I just have opposite. I like, I was like the girl on stage. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yes. Like I would've been the girl behind Trump who's like, Yeah, just frozen. I just realized that. Yeah, it's like flight or freeze. But I was thinking about this time I friend process this quickly enough, Jack, he got shot at and I was like standing next to him and I ran and I jumped out a window and in the backyard of the house that the shooting was at, didn't you Steal something? This was a different time. Oh there was, there was. They had all these dogs in the backyard, like rottweilers and shit. And so I jump, I jump out the window and then the dogs are chasing me. I got bit by a dog. Stop. Oh no. Isabella was there. I don't know it, it's just like a random story but Bit by a dog. But like I told the scar I got bit by a dog. Like there was a point where it was like maybe you could have just hid in the bedroom.


I don't know. It doesn't matter. I didn't need to share that. It was just, I'm just saying, you Know, and you run. No, I love any knew tan lore. I think, you know, and you run well I haven't It's been a lot. Or you freeze. It's, it's been a lot of years since I've heard a gunshot, to be honest. Mm. Was that No here though? What? Didn't he like show up somewhere? Like with a Gun? Yes. That was a bonfire. Oh my god. Where? But he's like one of my best friends, so that's like pathetic. I wanna like, like I grew up with him, this guy. But they would show up to bonfires and just shoot in the air and watched everyone run. Like they just enjoyed it. I ran every time I fuck that man. I yeah, you Did. So, so did she. Right. I was just fucking twins left and right though. I didn't mean to do that. Wait, oh my god. Oh my God. I, I saw someone say that.


Me and you both had sex with Trevor Wallace today and I just wanna go on record and say no we didn't. No we didn't. But I love him so much and honestly call me so Much. It was by the hair on our chin that we didn't, you know, like it wasn't like, oh I don't want to like, it just happened to not happen. I wasn't even in that position. I never got to the house. We watched Pawn Stars Better than avatar porn. It's honestly so fucking Fun. Poor guy. He is like leave, leave Trevor alone. Yeah, I love him. I saw him post the other day. He goes, just finish seven shows in Sacramento. We go Trevor, do a bigger venue. Seven shows, Just get put 'em all together. Holy Fuck. Like could you imagine if someone told us we had seven Sacramento shows? Yeah, no, I would say, I would literally just tweet everyone please congregate on this one date.


Like and then there'd be tanon again, right? Yes, that's exactly, that really is kind of what I think about it.


Prescription products require completion of an online medication consultation with an independent healthcare provider through the Life MD platform and are only available if prescribed subscription required Individual results may vary. Additional restrictions apply@lifemd.com. Read all warnings before using GLP ones. Side effects may include a risk of thyroid C cell tumors. Do not use GLP ones if you or your family have a history of thyroid cancer. If you've struggled for years to lose weight and have given up hope, did you know you can now access GLP one prescription medications through LIFE MD. LIFE MD is now offering eligible patients online access to GLP ones the breakthrough prescription medication that can help you lose body fat and weight. Listen to what people are saying. You just take your shot. It doesn't feel like you're on a diet. What I wasn't expecting it to do was to shut off the food noise. This was life altering. And if I can do it, I feel like anybody can do It. And here's the best part. Your insurance may cover 100% of the cost of your medication. So Go to TryLifeMD dot com to have your eligibility checked right now. Get started today at TryLifeMD dot com. That's T-R-Y-L-I-F-E-M d.com. Prescription products require completion of an online medication consultation with an independent healthcare provider through the Life MD platform and are only available if prescribed subscription required. Individual results may vary. Additional restrictions apply@lifemd.com. Read all warnings before using GLP ones. Side effects may include a risk of thyroid C cell tumors. Do not use GLP ones if you or your family have a history of thyroid cancer. If you've struggled for years to lose weight and have given up hope, did you know you can now access GLP one prescription Medications through LIFE md. Life MD is now offering eligible patients online access to GLP ones the breakthrough prescription medication that can help you lose body fat and weight. Listen to what people are saying. Probably the easiest thing I've ever done, What I wasn't expecting it to do was to shut off the food noise. I've been able to live my normal lifestyle and I've lost 20 pounds. Already changed my life. This was life altering. And if I can do it, anybody can do It. And here's the best part. Your insurance may cover 100% of the cost of your medication. Go to TryLifeMD dot com to have your eligibility checked right now. Get started today at TryLifeMD dot com. That's T-R-Y-L-I-F-E md.com.


Speaking of just like the Anacon era of it all, something so unfortunate of me is going viral. What is it? I'm gonna tell many Things. Things many I Don't even know know. I know know. I know I don't, I don't know what's happening right now. Again, I just want two weeks. Me neither. It's not so far. So I was dating Monson and in secret as well because my marriage, I think to Jake Paul was still like publicly on. I don't even, I don't know. It's hard when That Happens. I wasn't, I wasn't mentally all there. Right. So I just, the timelines for me are crossed over. Right. But obviously I become everyone I date of course and always have just down to the core. I'll be surfing next week. I don't know dude.


I become everyone I date. So at the time I was mods son, right? And I got this offer to do this holiday show and it was like a Maori huh? Was this when you went on Maori? No, not at all. That's so funny though. But it's so funny. No, like it was a live show. It was at the Gramercy in New York City. Like I sold tickets. Oh I remember Lila went And I also, I was so upset 'cause like we were all like I was the only one who didn't get invited. You should be happy you didn't I'm seeing all the videos. No, I'm still offended. Yes. So I'm dating Mon and I just released my song Without You. The whole internet wants me to talk about this song and I don't really know what to say. Why does everybody you that Song is good? I love that song. Yeah, You kind of snap Maybe a little less autotune and we could Call, call it something. But I remember, I remember You're Without You era like when you were on Twitter and just like, oh my God.


It was, I've never seen someone post so much for anything. It was amazing. Well I Would retweet every person streaming a song so I could chart above all the artists. Like that was my like that's, Wait, I think they're trying to get you back up there right now to piss Clinton off. I know. Not that he Was ever gonna start. And Everyone's dream It's, it's just wild. Listen, I made that song about Jake with Maude. It was like this whole thing. Like it was a mess, right? But so I get offered to do this holiday show and I go and I perform without you. Not only do I perform without you, I perform without you with a honey. Not Exactly. I'll tell you actually a little lower, more. But I have a half up, half down hairstyle. My tracks are out. I love when she like runs. I'm wearing a video. Yes, yes. I'm wearing a black latex jump suit.


I look like I should be like a construction worker. And you're Like in the Karma music video, Red lip. Like it's, it's always The red lip that gets you in a little bit Of trouble. Well it was a holiday show, right? Right. Christmas and again, something about mod that I did really love being with him and like I appreciate this about him to this day. Is he, he just like, he'll believe in something like he produced a song, he believed in it to the core. He was like, you're gonna be a pop star. You should dress like this. You should do this. Right. You know, like he'll believe he'll be so hard that you'll start Delusively also like it wasn't Delusional. The song was a Bop. You saw the outfit though. You saw the, I saw the outfit. That was a horrible video. So at the time Ashley Schwan was also dating Michael Toa and he was like giving me vocal lessons. He's on stage in the video.


Mind you, the middle had just released was Z. And him like, why don't you just meet me in the middle in the, so I'm like, he's the biggest star in the world right now. She went, No, literally She just Outta bed. But, so he's like coaching me. He's on stage in the video. I'm like, I am the middle. Like no one could tell me shit and these videos of me and it's just so clear. Like it's just like that girl's dating mom son. Like it just, it just checks out so, so hard. Maybe You have a little bit of a personality disorder. Well What is like that? Well mirroring. Like that's what happens when you date someone and you like become personally I think you gave Lady Gaga VMAs Paparazzi a run for her fucking money. I'm gonna kill my God. You perform. Mama. Can I tell you something funny that's coming out of this though?


I have to tell you another story. Of course. So With, the Without You performance videos going viral comes my other performance videos going viral. Right? And as you know, I have done like four whole music tours, which is horrifying. I can't believe that. I didn't even know that. That's crazy. I have And you've lived so many lives. Hefner went gold. And listen, there was, there was shit to, to sell. So I was like, you know what I mean? And at the time I was only managed and in a world where I was kind of a cash cow and these songs were making a lot of money and so we're gonna tour the songs and I was like with it, right? But one of my most viral performances of Hefner is me in this red camo dress performing Hefner.


So, and I'm seeing all these video and that's who I was at the time. I was Red camo, I was Hefner, I perform, you still have that dress and yeah, out and I, and I think the performance, throw it out. You know, they were funny and it was like a fun time. Like I wouldn't change anything. I can't guarantee I'll go back to that era. Sorry to let the people who want that for some reason down we do. But I want tell you a story about this day. Okay? So the red camo dress day, I keep seeing the videos of that, right? I'm on tour and at the time I was just a mess to work with like as you know, like I just, I shouldn't have been touring, right? But I somehow fell into that. And so at the time I wanted to sleep all day. I wanted to get fucked up.


Like no parental figures, no one telling me anything. So even getting me on that stage was like a very hard thing. And as you know, I'm a DHD galore. I need my Adderall to do a lot of shit. But now I take it accordingly and whatever. At the time it was getting shoved in my mouth. Like yeah. Like so I would go on the stage, right? Yeah. And we had just done this whole run of tour, music tour. I'm performing Hefner and W and Kobe unreleased at the the Love W everything right? Do. And this was the final show of that run. And I believe it was in San Francisco. I don't fully remember. But I didn't want to get up. I didn't want to do it. I had a flight to Dubai that night. Shut up from San Francisco. Come to Dubai. Like think about that.


Like as soon as you're walking off stage performing heffner, you're off flying to to Dubai. It all just made no sense. And then I had to fly back from Dubai straight into a show on stage in New Jersey. Like, it just was a very strange time. Okay. And so that morning my Adderall was supposed to be shoved into my mouth. Oh no. Oh and I'm not, this is the book will unpack all of the lore. But let's just say, well no, let's not just say instead of an Adderall being shoved into my mouth, not a Xanax. Don't say Xanax Coke. Worse. Worse. Percocet. Worse. Valium. Valium. Oh my god. It's bringing me to Eminem instead of Adderall.


Someone gave me Valium. I'm like, who? No, I'm kidding. Book. Holy fuck. Book, book, book. Holy Valium. Fuck. In my opinion, all of those drugs you just named would be easier to do anything on Valium is like, I'm Gumby, I'm a fettuccine noodle, I'm starving. I have to Go to a fucking meet and greet and perform rap on a stage on Valium. Perform rap. Like what? Perform rap was crazy Because I'm not a rapper. Like You know, it doesn't, oh yes you Are. It doesn't come natural to me. No it doesn't. And I'm watching all these videos of me go viral from a show day where I was supposed to be on Adderall performing.


I'm on Valium. Caught a flight to Makes that like, that's so bad. Caught a flight to Dubai that night. Wait, Successfully? Yeah. That's actually a sleigh. It was so fucked up. You could just move me. Right? I was gonna say, you know the i Carly episode? Like where they like accidentally like, or what happens like the, the actress like passes out. They have to like hold her up and like move her. That was me. I'm about, that's you. That was actually me. Hunter has so many like BTS videos of that day. It was so bad. It was so, so bad. And I'm watching all these videos like, what do you mean someone on your team accidentally gave you Valium instead of Adderall and you still had to do the show With, the meet and greet and now these videos are going Viral. It's amazing. You still hold it off though 'cause like I wouldn't have been, you Could tell I'm giving Lanne. Well like Fucking your bitch.


Like I'm happy You're a performer mama. You're performing rap diva. Give the People what they want. Diva. I'm really happy you're outta that era of your life though. Me too. I'll say All of it's the music's too. I mean that's tough. Like it's not, I don't think there is a part of me that wants to do some like funny shit, but like it'll never be taken that seriously again and I can can not. I want you to do like a Hootie country song. Something Hootie is fun. Something I can make a a little line dance too. 'cause I'm trying to prep, you know for Dancing With the stars that I'm, It's so funny, the other day I got a sound promo for that Charlie XCX song. And so then it was like, they were like, you have to learn the dance in order to get paid Apple. I'm in this position where it's like in order to get paid for this TikTok, I have to learn this dance.


Two, she's standing there two hours, hands on her hips the whole time. She's Two hours. And I couldn't do it two, Two Hours and I could not do it. It's so Santa Marie. I love it. It's so cute. I was doing it on my little water tower the other day. But That's what I mean. Like some people have it in them, Some Don't. Some can just renegade. Mm others Can't. Charlie right. I miss her. Right. Holy Fuck. Wait, what else do we have? We, well that's not really that important I guess. Do you know Rosa Park's husband had a car? Really? Think about what I just said to you. I'm actually gonna get a beverage. Why is she on the bus? There We go. Yeah, Rosa, we talked too much though about Rosa husband. Like she didn't do anything wrong. You know what I mean? No, at didn't. I know she did everything right know but it's, but it's like no notes, you know what I mean?


Like there's no nothing she should have done differently. I agree. Including getting in the car. Yeah. Maybe she should've just what? But he called an Uber. It's So crazy times you Can you, you know what fucks me up is that I went to all of high school and all of, most of college without Uber existing. Same. It's the craziest Postmates. What the fuck? Oh I would've been toast. Listen, it's gotten to the point where like I will be in bed and I will order a crunch wrap and I'm like actually bring it upstairs to my apartment. Come through the front door and deliver it to my bed. Well yeah, like I give the instructions. I'm like first a door on the right, come into my room 100%, drop it off. DoorDash and Postmates are the worst thing to ever happen to me. But that, I do think about that often. 'cause like I had no money and I couldn't drive. So like the shit I would have to do to get a ride now, like Yeah.


Like I've sucked dick for a Ride. I You were, you were like really resourceful. I never really like, I guess I didn't have to deal with that at that time. Do you know that Uber was such a like beta startup in the beginning of it? That I was sponsored by Uber. Like I got free rides in in exchange for posting. I would because they needed for, That's insane. My number one expenditure is like is first mates meal delivery services and Uber. Like I would have designer bag on designer bag if I just didn't fucking Uber. Like Uber Eats every single meal. I thought it was gonna Forever. It was free. It was generally Free meal but it's like literally meal. It's like it's control. Like it helps me a little bit. Yes. 'cause like I'm such a like crazy bender and stuff like not that that's like a horrible thing but I literally, I can't even keep food in my house.


That's my problem. If I go grocery shopping, I have three bags of chips in my, in my pantry clearing all of them one sitting. Yeah. I don't grocery shop so I'll come home with only tortillas and I'm like fuck, what the fuck am I supposed to do with this? Yeah. And also like buying all the ingredients to make a proper meal is gonna cost more than what it just costs to Postmate. So that's why I could fuck with like I could fuck with like one of those services that like I didn't, which I did one recently. I don't even remember. Oh, like HelloFresh, like those? No, no, no. I did a oh factor I think is what it was. It was where it's like they literally, it's already packaged and you But all only six of those. They're Still so always so good. But I also like and fuck doing the dishes after I come home from working, the last thing I wanna do is cook a fucking meal and clean the motherfucking dishes. That's what I was just gonna say is I'm so about like ROI I'm so about my return on investment.


Yeah. The amount of fucking time it takes to cook a meal and then wolf it in 30 seconds. I'm sorry. Yeah, no I'd rather be face tuning. Well That's why I always, I think, I think that's why I attach myself to Bull deck like the way I did because I could just eat it right outta the pan. Yeah. But even cleaning the pan after, oh I'm so fucking lazy when it comes to that. I just put it right in the dishwasher. That's someone Else's problem. Then it's like running it, emptying it and leave it to God. Why does a dishwasher feel like a cyber truck to me? Like I can't figure that shit out. Oh no. And like doing laundry, that pile will sit on the end of my bed for a week. You Guys, I did the worst thing for myself and I bought this like fucking laundry hamper. If you knew about it you would be toast. Do tell it's The biggest laundry hamper you've ever seen It like, it looks like it's like a commercial like hotel size.


Like laundry hamper. It was on Amazon, I think it was like 30 bucks. Oh shit. 23 shit. And my friend told me not to buy it 'cause she was like, you'll never do laundry because you have so ma like so much room in there you'll ne you'll have items you don't see for six months. Mm. And it, boy was that the truth? I had like, like literally like Brook's gone missing in there. Like it's actually that bad. Also Murphy's shit in my closet yesterday. Oh Murph. Well I was gonna say this is why I'm all about outsourcing men. Mac Nicole's been doing laundry. Oh that's good. I love that. An LA man would never at all. I did finally hire Allison full time. Except I realize like I, I was so busy for a second that I was like, oh my god, I can't, I cannot survive without an assistant. And then everything went silent and all of a sudden I have nothing for her to do.


And so she's over and I'm like, we're just like watching Love Island. She's getting like she's getting paid and I'm like fuck. But like I promised her 40 hours A week. Why did Murphy, you could knock out a lot in 40 hours with Love Island Though I know Murphy shit in the closet because she was afraid of Justin Horowitz. Justin came over and he was like taunting her. No and like she was like, she just was afraid to come out and use her litter box so she shit in the club. But she's never done something like that. Why does that mean when I don't wanna see people that are in my house? If I had a dick I would be peeing in bottles off my bed. Oh my God. The way men can drive and piss in a Gatorade bottle. You know they make women versus throwing up in my life. But there's no point in my life where I'm suction cupping ow I hurt myself. Yeah. Simon's, Simon's mom Birdie invented it.


Yeah, I just watched myself in the Clint. I actually need a second. What? It's like when you do your little Woohoo. Yeah. Yeah. You go. Yay. Yay. You're mj. Big difference. Grammy winning recording artist and philanthropist. Alia presents her powerful new single hope inspired by the current global landscape. Hope is an anthem of resilience and unity. Stream it now on all platforms. Plus get ready for alia's upcoming tour coming to a city near you. Stay tuned for tour dates and ticket information.


Don't miss out on this incredible musical journey with Alia.


Hey Guys, it is Ryan. I'm not sure if you know this about me, but I'm a bit of a fun fanatic when I can, right? I like to work but I like fun too. And now I can tell you about my favorite place to have fun. Chumba Casino. They have hundreds of social casino style games to choose from. With new games released each week, you can play for free and each day brings a new chance to collect daily bonuses. So join me in the fun sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW group void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Oh I'm so sad about this shit. Paige, do you want to talk about it or do you want me to? I think you start, let's go Chronological. Your dm. My reaction her. Okay so the shirt I'm wearing today, my first lady shirt that I wore for my little meeting is from Pepper Mayo. Okay. It's brand. It's one of my favorite brands we love. They DMed me recently and they were like, listen, we are bringing some girls to the eras tour in London. Okay. And but in the message, not this isn't a but but like, but it says we wanna bring you and Tana. So I was like, oh my god, I'm praying to God that Tana like first of all it's free. Second of all wants to go brand Safe era. Yes. And so I send it to Tana, well first of all I say urgent 9 1 1 dying. Wake up right now And everyone has to stop doing that unless people are dead.


But that's another conversation. And She asked me what time she just text me Back to that 4:00 PM Six, six Checks out Urgent. 9 1 1. Right? 6:00 PM She responds to me and she says what? I send it to her and and it says we have limited capacity. Like there's only so much space in the suites. So like it's, we can only offer it to you two. And we worked our little magic. We were like how insane would it be to surprise Paige, my management puts, gets the emails today, gets all the details. Well I'm so excited and so I message pepper mayo and I say like, oh right. Hey like I thank you so much for the invite. I'll pay if you don't want to. Obviously it's another additional person. Can I please bring my best friend who's also my assistant?


She loves Taylor Swift more than anything. And I had this whole content plan. Yeah, we were gonna surprise the fuck out of you. But it's my bad for not telling my managers and your managers that this was a surprise to you. 'cause it just goes down to show like Paige, I could not do anything without you knowing like there was a point where I wanted to surprise you, With the car. And I was like, I would just have to tell you like you are two in my email. You're two in my bank, you're two in my flights. I see everything. Yeah. Like there's no, there's no possible way. Yeah. And listen, you hit it really well up until this morning I got the text and yeah, my Management put her into a hat. Like literally a group chat was was A group chat and she was like, Hey so about Taylor Swift.


And I go, oh no. And I was like, I think Tana was gonna surprise me with this and which first of all, But this is also always what I get for like trying to put my David Dober cat on. Like that this is not the type of content you make. You're not, I remember at one time I surprised Sky Bri with a Bottega bag and like brought the wrong bottega box, posted it and it flopped. No one gave a fuck. Like my return on investment was not there. Like, Oh man, like It, it's just not my the forte. But listen, This, the car slid, The car slid that because I was there the wrong go eight. I don't dunno if we've actually ever talked about the actual peril and mental hell I had to Go to through and I still think you knew low key. Yeah, I totally knew.


That's what I'm saying, like, like actually surprising anyone. We live too much of a close life. Well there's too much, like there's a lot of like logistics that go into buying a car. You can't just like, oh, you can't just like tall someone a car. Like you have to have help or like insurance. You have to be on the, like, it's a whole thing scrambling. But I, Yeah, you're going to Taylor Swift in London. First of all, I'm so fucking excited. And also, it's so fucking sweet of both of you to even like, well, it was Her idea. I, I was, I don't know why I even started taking credit. Okay, okay. I'm like, so anyway, I'm like, it's gonna, I, that was so nice. That's sweet. That's why I, that's why I owned up to It. That is first of all, like honestly I'm like, surprise aside, it's so fucking sweet of you to even invite me to do that. And like, you know how much I love her.


And that is like my favorite purpose Of all. If I went to the Aris tour in London and I left you in Los Angeles, I might as well be The devil near being overseas without you if she, no offense. Did you just say Hitler? Yeah, Please. Yeah, I was gonna say that. And then I worked, I like went back and said the devil. Oh. But it was cute that like, you took what I was gonna say, But like it really is like that's so fucking cute of you to even do and like also for Tana to like plan a surprise for me. Als like also takes a lot for her because I am her and like I handle everything. So she was like, what? She texted me, she's like, what are you doing August 14th through the 18th? And I was like, I don't think anything. And she was Like me adding through the 18th. 'cause I wanna Go to like Positano. They Extending hold.


Did you see, were you sent by someone who wanted me alive to wear The denim Pepper? But like seriously. That's so fucking cute. And I was so excited and like I, I got the text this morning. I was like, oh that's obviously Brooke also did eat With. the fact that I won Never go overseas without you. Yeah, like Abi, we already know what happened. Like, you know what I mean? Calling me from wifi back. I've never been overseas. I've never left the country except for to Go to Mexico. Which like is like not I, you know what I mean? I could There. I forgot about that. I'm so excited that our first time is together. Oh I Know. And all of us saying we need somebody there for like, you know, Moral support help anything. But also the three of us in a box at Taylor Swift. Oh my god. It's gonna be Best in London. And with and with tortured poets department.


Oh my God. It's gonna be the best thing One I noticed. Say we've Never lived. I can't wait for I can do it. With, the broken Heart. Especially what we're going through today with Greg. Fucking Greg. I can't wait to be scream singing. It's so funny too that we're going to London because I've said this, I vocalized this. I used to hate London so much in going there, but it's only because I only, like, I had a lot of bad experiences there. Yeah. Now I love it so much 'cause I got to like rewrite it. But you are going to love London so much. Really? And I Go to Camp Palace how I, I wanna go And don't you think a lot of the reasons I to the garden and see if they, I can get into and horse practice smile. The Peppa Pig bus tour. Oh my gosh. Oh, I'm do Excited. Oh, I'm so excited.


Yep. It's Gonna be, it's so funny though. Excited. A lot of the reasons that I hate London are used to are reasons I think you'll love it even more. Like I've always said, like I really don't think people from the UK like Americans and they like judge us, but you love being in an environment 'cause you wanna like prove them wrong, like type shit. Like you're gonna love it. You're gonna be, I'm so excited. I think about like, ugh, isn't that where Adele's from? I probably, I wanna be Adele so bad. Hello. But I'm so fucking excited. It's gonna be everything. Well, Paige surprise. Thank you. Yeah. Congratulations. It's my fault though. I'm not, I I can't blame your management for doing that. 'cause it's like if I wanted to surprise no weed her, I should have told I should have Batten down the hatches. Batten 'em down. Yeah, but listen, regardless, it's still so fucking insane.


I'm so excited. It's gonna Be so much fucking fun. What if the Surprises That we were punking you the whole time? No, it is not happening. There's Actually nothing better. It's so funny how like, nice you are like, I would beat the fuck outta me if I was punking you and you're like screaming like down for it. You know. The other day I like, I'm buying Isabella this purse, right? And I texted Paige, wait, This one's crazy. I texted Paige and I said, also, did you order Isabella's go yard or no? Like, 'cause I'm getting her this bag, whatever. And Paige was gonna order it, right? And I go, I'm fine with no by the way. We'll go get like as in me and Isabella, we'll go get it. Like I'll take her to go get it. But I, I didn't put an apostrophe so it just said will go get, Go get.


And Paige responds and she goes, OOMG. No, I was gonna go in person, but honestly I'm ordering it and I go, oh yeah, I'll go with Bella ordering a scammy. She goes, I thought you meant well go get it. I'm like, why the fuck did you respond so nicely? Then She's like, did you go get, she's like, did you order it yet or did you get it? Yeah, you should have been like, okay bitch, Well go get it. She's like, and she was like, oh, umg. No, I was gonna go in person honestly ordering. Like if I said well go get, you should have beat the brakes off me. I'm like, that's just funny. Like, well go get it then. That's, that is like your biggest, that's one of her biggest strong suits I think. Is that like we have this in common. I almost think if someone's being like an asshole, like we just take it funny. I Think it's funny like if you told She also just rolled With the Punches. Yeah. Like if she was like, well go get it then I'd be like, all right.


But like I'm like now like I'm perceiving that. Like if I said well go get it then like beat the fuck outta me. I would've, I would've caused a scene Absolutely. The way I really thought. I was like, yeah, Okay. I'm excited for Taylor Swift. I'm so excited. The Smallest man who ever lived live. I actually might need a 51 50 after Been there. Oh, I can't wait. Oh we love you Pepper Mayo. Wait and I really hope she does so long London. I don't even know if that's like in her set List. Of course she will. Well but she has to. Is that there set List? I need to figure it out. No, she Has to do it in Monday. We have to find out the set list before so we can really be Prepared. And if it's not in the set list, it better be her surprise song. For sure. And I want Travis Kelsey there so that I can feel his energy in the room. Oh my God, We love you. Pepper Mayo. Seriously. Thank you. Thank you. I'm so excited.


Do you know that Paige told me she's only been to a cheesecake factory like 10 or 15 times in her life. I've only done Coke 10 to 15 times. Remember when Lindsay said that? Oh yeah, I bet you were saying that's Actually like, I've probably only been there maybe like 20, like Realistically. Think about it. I could like count them all my cheesecake experiences. Well I was too poor to Go to Cheese Cheesecake Factory growing. Like that's like a, I thought that was like really expensive. Same. It is. I Mean it, I would expensive. Awful. But Justin and Mikey, wherever you are, thank you for buying me Cheesecake Factory for Years. Thank you Justin. That is really nice. Thank you Mike. But, But the brown bread every Single time that adds up. Oh my God. It's so good. Bitch. But that's why I like, I was, I was like you. It was really showing for a little while on Brooke Schofield.


Oh my. How many Chick-fil-A sandwiches do you think you could eat? I've been asking, this is my favorite Conversation. I've, I've been asking everyone this question genuinely. Okay, ready? You have 30 minutes. How many Chick-fil-A sandwiches could you eat before you're about to burst? Like so far? Three. But I would have to eat them quickly because it's like, it's the time in between the bites that makes me feel like I can eat like three. I agree with that. Okay. Okay. What about no time limit? Well It's like it has to happen in 30 minutes or it won't happen. Like if I give myself more than that, I'll just feel full. Okay. What about In 24 Hours? If myself, if I give myself 10 minutes, I give Five. Wait, wait. Okay. Okay. That's No. What about in 24 hours? How many could you have? Or just how Many back to back before you are ready to fucking explode. Three.


Why eight? I have a, I have a problem because I get full really fast but then I'm hungry again in like 20. Yeah. So like it's, I could only probably do like two fast. But then if you gave me like 24 hours, I could have 30. 30. Well If you gave me a Chick-fil-A sandwich and then you gave me an entire pot bowl deck and like it has to feel different to me for me to house everything. But I can't do like seven. Marijuana is also a huge factor. I love marijuana for that quick respon. We gotta call stomach respon. We Call, I'm like someone get Joey Chestnut on the mic. I wanna do a Chick-fil-A sandwich. Eat off. Oh my God. Let's do it. I really think I could do like seven. Can We do, can we do muck bangs on Patreon? Hold the fucking phone. You know what, we need two. Yeah.


But Then I'm gonna have to do lipo on Patreon And that's okay. We, we need one for the ride. Two hands Korean corn dogs. Now I've never had one still and I have to Go to Koreatown to pick up a cat because that's where all the good ones are. That's where you got yours baby Kitten love. Yeah. If you don't try that corn dog before we speak next. I don't even know episode I have to have the one With the little yellow things on it. Well, no all of 'em though. The hot Cheeto one and it like has cinnamon in it Weirdly too. And you know I love cinnamon and cheese Together. We need to get Tricia. No, I dunno That. Yeah. Cinnamon twist with Taco Bell. Nacho cheese. You Know that. Oh, you're right, you're right, You're right. You're right. We need to get Tricia here and we all need to have the Korean corn dogs. That could be a Patreon special. It's, yeah, It has to because that kind of gives like phallic.


Oh 'cause it looks like a ween. Do you know that there's conspiracy theories that Disney released the movie Frozen? Because so many people were looking up Walt Disney frozen. That makes, 'cause they thought like Walt Disney was like, do you know what I mean? Like frozen. It's giving Tana, Mongeau Cancelled. That makes so much sense. So much sense. That was it on that one. I don't know. I saw a viral clip of people saying that today and I was like, wait, we could recreate that. Erin, can you pull up the Disney logo for a second? I have some shit to say. Okay. Disney. Oh that says Disney. Don't say that. 'cause Lila will be on something Tomorrow.


That is not a D. That's a g My entire life as a kid I thought it was giz. Yeah. Could you imagine like liability is now like GIZ channel. Gibney Channel. Gibney channel. And you're watching Gibney channel Kind of iconic. She should do It. Wait, we just gave her something good. Oh fuck. I Agree with you. Now I wanna ask if you've ever experienced dyslexia. Yeah. Oh my god. No. I dated this guy who was, he said he was dyslexic but he was really just illiterate. And it's the funniest, literally like funny. I played a, what's that game like quick quil with him the other day. And it was so funny 'cause you just always knew what he wrote because it was, he can't spell and it was so cute.


Oh yeah, that's good. Me, Anything I could say about that situation would feel regressive. He wasn't dyslexic though. I'm not making fun of his disability. He's He doesn't have a disability. Dyslexia is not a disability. No, I think it Is. But you're saying he's not dyslexic so Well he might, I don't actually don't know. Wait, maybe that was mean to say it was, Fuck. Here she goes, apology tour. That's not dyslexic. It's fine. Someone's gotta apologize For something around, but it's not dyslexia. 'cause he is not mixing up the words. He's just completely missing them. That's mean. You Know what I mean? Yes. I dated someone with dyslexia For I know Bella Thorn. She's, she's like dyslexia. Iss fucking number one.


You know what I love about her Though? You have to text her in like, binary. Binary. It's like 0 1, 1, 1 0. I don't even know what you're saying. I'm loving. I Have no idea what that means. And I, I, I laugh for every, but sometimes when I know a joke is too intelligent for me, I have to just, I laugh and then I I'll watch it back. Wait, I know it's funny. And I'll do my research later. Yeah, exactly. Thank You. Do you know that she wrote an entire book and like refuse to have people? I have it downstairs. There's a page about me. Love you Bella. She refused to have anyone edit it. She was like, came up. This is real. This is me. I'm exactly where I'm supposed to be. And She came up with Tana Moga do. 'cause she didn't know how to spell it. Didn't she have relations with Pete Davidson? I think that's Olivia O'Brien. Oh, same thing, Right?


Basically head guys, I love you both so absolutely motherfucking much. Oh, but you have to go. I have a hard out. What if I went with you? Wait, I'm, I Waited. I wanna go with you. Come with me. Alyssa Violet has an announcement in an hour. Oh, I'm so excited. I'm not Well because I know it's gonna be trash garbage. I'm hoping it's a Clinton situation, but I, again, I I said this on the last maybe on Patreon where I like got warned by so many people that like, she would do everything to like Ruin you, lie And try to take me down. Well, I think It, I think it would be me. I was the one who really reamed her, but I don't think she has any reason to wanna take me down. I still remember she didn't know who I was until a day ago.


I just like have spent so much of my life with like allegations against me that like aren't true or it, and I'm scared. That's where this is gonna go with her. And I'm gonna have to like, I just Have so much anxiety and like protect myself and like, ugh. Yeah. Also Though, I've met Alyssa before and she's literally so mean. So yeah. I don't know. I plead the fifth. I'm fucking scared of her. No, you know what? I'm scared of her. I'm scared of having to deal with someone doing that Announcement in an hour. Why is everyone always like dropping shit? Like, like we're not rappers. Like what do you mean? July 12th? Like you'll Yeah. What do you mean in an Hour? This date?


Actually she was performing rap. If it were a disc track, that would be iconic. I won't lie. I think I would eat that up, honestly. Yeah, because You did your poetry. She's coming back with her disc track. Honestly, it's kind of beautiful. Oh God, I'm, I'm just like, You did a really good poem and that everyone's really responding to it. Well, Tina, you had me laughing out loud. I swear to God I was watching. That's all. Jake laughing out loud. I'm just saying. I'll say it again. Like, I would've never even thought to do something like that if it weren't for Jake. The Door Dash lied, had me in tears, had me in literal tears. Can we Just Go to Go to Patreon before I, I'm gonna, honestly, if you haven't subscribed to Patreon already, here's what I'm gonna do over there. I'm gonna let you Guys know. And that with Patreon, you fucking alcoholic. It's what? Patreon. Patreon. Patreon. Patron. Okay. I'm gonna be having, But I also could be wrong.


Remember, I correct you all the time and I'm always wrong. I'm gonna be having a panic attack over there for $10 a month. If you guys would like to join it, And then it'll be posted by cable. Go get the Patreon because I'm about to talk so much shit. I love you guys and thank you for listening to another episode of the Cancelled podcast page. Thank you for joining us. I think you brought the levity and the lighthearted nature that we needed this week. And Everyone touched lips. You did. And I do apologize for not No, no, no, no. We've been going through shit. I'm on a guilt day. I'm on a guilt day. Weird. Everyone's slaying. I love you guys so fucking much. I love You both more than life itself. I love You more than life itself. We love you guys. Ah, did you. Sorry, Erin.


Bye guys. Quietly. Thank you for joining me for Pajama Day. Guys, before I leave, I just wanna plug my best friend and roommate, Emily Mess. She goes by box blonde and her new single warmer just came. Ah. And we love her. I love her so fucking much. She is so talented, gorgeous, inside and out, and she is so fucking deserving. Please, please, please go stream. She deserves it more than anyone in the fucking world. And that just attest to your character that the second you're sitting on a platform, you are plugging the people that you love and believe in. And I'm excited for them to stream. That's the Tanama a special, send the elevator back down. I'm sending it M you're coming to the top baby.


Hi guys. I love you. We love you Paige. I'm Victoria Cash and I wanna invite you to a place called Lucky Land, where you can play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. So what are you waiting for? The best way to discover your luck is to spin so Go to lucky land slots.com. That's lucky Land slots.com And get lucky. Today at Lucky Land, no purchase necessary. VTW Group Boyd we're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


American Log Homes and Cabins is assisting a developer in liquidating several of our kits that have deposits on them for only the balance owed. Most of these will save you more than half of the original cost. An example, our Augusta model. Normally $42,450 is being sold for $16,500. Our Biloxi model, normally $36,825 is being sold for $14,500. This includes delivery excluding California, Oregon, Washington, Arizona, Idaho, Alaska, and Hawaii. But we will pay partial shipping to those states. These kits have not been manufactured and there's no time limit on delivery. This is a log home kit that includes complete blueprints from foundation details to roof stack sheets and a construction manual. Any do-it-yourself or builder can erect the logs kits do not include any part or roof, windows or doors. Please call 7 0 4 6 0 2 3 0 3 5 for availability. You can also visit our website at www.americanloghomesandcabins.com.


Float your boat in Georgetown this summer with waterfront events, cruises happy hours and more. Join a free outdoor dance class along the Potomac and learn everything from salsa to square dancing. Take a historic c and o canal walking tour. Experience a floating tiki bar or paddle past your favorite monuments afterward. Grab dinner at one of Georgetown's new restaurants. Learn more@georgetowndc.com slash waterfront.


This summer, enjoy less sunscreen smell, and more new car smell. Make room for more than just memories. With a Lexus SUV. Find offers on select SUVs at the Lexus Golden Opportunity Sales Event. Lease the 2025 NX three 50 Fs Sport All Wheel Drive for 6 49 a month for 36 months with 39 99 due. Its signing Experience amazing at your Lexus dealer. Call one 800 USA Lexus for Portland Lease offer and pricing details. Not all customers will qualify. Offer available in Eastern area only in July 31st, 2024.