
Nice to meet you, or maybe we've met before. I'm the COVID-19 virus. I use disguises to fool your immune system. My buddy. The flu virus And I make thousands of people sick every year, but updated vaccines make it a lot harder. Don't make it easy for these viruses. Stay up to date on your COVID-19 and flu vaccinations this fall. Sponsored by Champions. for Vaccine Education equity and Progress cve eep.org COVID-19 and Flu Viruses disguise themselves to fool your immune system. That's why COVID-19 and Flu vaccines are updated to protect you. Stay up to date on COVID-19 and Flu Vaccinations sponsored by Champions for Vaccine, Education equity and Progress.


Hi guys, it's Ani Mojo. Welcome to the Cancelled Podcast or welcome back to the Cancelled Podcast. As you can see, I am in a very different setting, And. I. Want to start off with an immediate apology, which you know is just my favorite thing to do, right? Like, Hey guys, it's me, Tana. Sorry again. Right. Today's episode of the podcast is gonna be kind of similar to that one that we shot a while ago where Ty Paige, And I were in London and Brooke and Amari were at home in the studio. And by the studio, I mean my house because I am in Hawaii. I am in beautiful, gorgeous Maui right now. And I, unfortunately am not able to make it home to shoot And.


I did just want to talk to you guys about that for a second. I am praying on my hands and fucking knees that Brooke and Bebe or Brooke and Paige or whoever the shooting at home carries this episode on their back because I'm shooting from an iPhone in Hawaii and I'm so sorry you guys. I'm so sorry that this is going to be the quality of a blender, but I had to do it for my mental health. And I. Don't know if you guys saw, this is not a Patreon plug, by the way. This is not me telling you to go subscribe or not subscribe, I'm just saying it 'cause it happened. But last week on the Patreon, I kind of got into my life and my mental state a little bit. And I ended up crying.


And, you could just kind of tell in that episode and in my real life, if you're around me at all, that I've been teetering the verge of a mental breakdown. Like I'm on the edge of a Hawaii mountain, right? Just a little mentee bee. And that has nothing to do with all of the positive in my life right now. Like you guys, this podcast is number three in the world right now. Our tour is completely sold out. There's all these like good, amazing, beautiful things happening, but I also feel like I'm in this place in life right now where so many truths and serious things and beefs, I've been saying on the podcast every week that I just need two weeks of mental health clarity and nothing insane and to be underwater or I'm gonna lose it.


And it's like I don't want to like even the this Cody co situation, like I don't wanna talk about it like it's a bad thing. 'cause at the end of the day, that's something shitty that happened to me. And now the truth is coming out And I am able to help so many young girls and stuff, but at the same time, I can't open my phone or go anywhere in LA without seeing a million things about it. And, I think that you can only intake so much about your own self before you go insane, right? Like it's just not mentally healthy to intake that much content and opinions about your own self, right?


And it's like, and even just being, I went out in Los Angeles the other night and like as much as I love my LA friends and shit, like I was out for like four or five hours and every single person I talked to is coming up to me like, what's going on with Alyssa? This is my experience with her. Can I Come on the podcast? What's going on with Cody Co? This is my experience with him. Can I go on the podcast or can you Come on mine? Can we do this? Can we do that, can we? And it just feels like I'm being pulled in a thousand directions. And. I finally get home at the end of the night and I'm like, oh my God, I just felt like I was on the Cancelled mic for five hours. This is my first time breathing, right? And then on top of that, obviously just being home is like there's a lot more access to me. You know, it's like, oh Tana's home.


Can she do this shoot and do this and do that? And a million people relying on me for their income and moral support and to take care of them when I don't have any taking care to give for even myself, you know, with so many good things coming, I knew that I needed to kind of get the fuck out of LA and protect my health and my mental health and myself so that I can execute and deliver for all of you. And I don't wanna cry. It's like 9:00 AM like crying at 9:00 AM is never fun. But like I said on the Patreon last week, I just want to say thank you again to everyone who has ever loved me because you are the one soul thing that has kept me alive and pushing and kicking all these years.


I hope you can forgive me for today's episode being toaster quality because just know your girl had to come be underwater and shut her phone off. And, I've been here for a week and I'm still, I've been working so much here. I'm trying for the rest of today to go jump in the ocean and just breathe 'cause I know that's what I need. And I already filmed this beginning take the other day to give you for the podcast. And I went on this 40 minute tangent about my United Airlines experience getting to Hawaii United. Listen, I love you, okay? You've gotten me from A to B my whole life. And, I. Think you have a lot of redeemable qualities as an airline. Okay, I really like the blue. I really like the logo.


I think flying Polaris is really nice. You've got some good lounges all over the world, but you United Airlines needs To. Get on their motherfucking zoom, okay? Because the travel experience I had getting to Hawaii caused me 100 times more stress than anything ever should. And I was already at my wit's end sobbing, just trying To get here, like get me out on the first fucking flight I woke up sobbing and booked a flight. And Don don't know if you guys saw online everything that was happening with Flight Gate, United Flight Gate. There were like no flights taking off at all from all the major airlines. Like my flight got Cancelled.


Sorry about the sirens. It's like United Airlines is coming, To get me. Essentially, I don't know what the fuck happened. Listen, I'm not an air traffic controller. But, what I do know is every flight in America, including mine, was just randomly Cancelled because there was a Windows error, which is just crazy that there's one fucking person on a computer with windows open. And that's like how all the flights are controlled, getting on a new flight. And then everything that transpired from the moment I walked into the airport is probably One of my most traumatic LAX experiences to date. This shit made me barking at that woman. Seem like a cakewalk in the park with rainbows and unicorns. Okay? I almost got arrested on my flight.


Our brakes were broken. Like a few men may or may not have verbally assaulted me in the airport. A flight attendant wanting me dead Like. it is just And. I was going to include that all in today's podcast and that was gonna be my section. I gave you guys like an OG Tana Storytime rant. I was literally screaming like, I don't think Maui has ever heard screams like the ones I was giving explaining this rant to all of you. And trust me when I tell you, I will give you every single word and detail of this and listen, maybe I'll get spunky in the edit and insert a few seconds of that rant right now. Just so you guys know where my head space was at mentally and still is honestly towards United.


But I'll just show you. Another hour goes by, an hour goes by. I'm not kidding you guys like, I'm like tit sweating enough to fill up a fucking jug. Okay, Like, it is so hot people, babies are crying, people are screaming. Eventually I decide I'm gonna go on a walk to the front of the plane because I'm about to pass out with how fucking hot it is. I walk up to the front of the plane and One of the flight attendants standing there has the gall and the wherewithal and the balls to look at us and say, why do you guys want off the plane so bad? I don't know. It's a hundred and fucking 10 degrees in row 30 B.


And we've been here for an hour and a half. Mind you With, the four hour delay, it's a hundred, it's so hot. He goes, oh, I haven't been back there. I didn't even know. Must be nice being an Antarctica up here. You fucking asshole. I'm doing a little better than I was in that clip. But however something happened, okay, a bombshell entered the villa and she came to save the motherfucking day. Bitch, I'm not kidding. If I had to upload that toaster quality rant as my back half of the Cancelled podcast, I'm pretty sure I would lose every fan Like. it just, it wasn't what this episode needed, okay? Angry Tana ranting about the airport. Yet again, right? As I've been out here in Maui, all of my TikTok comments, every single one, I don't think we've ever had a higher requested guest on the Cancelled podcast than Miss Leah from Love Island.


And I watched her on call Daddy And I was like, fuck, there's still a lot of shit. I want to talk with her. If you have or haven't been keeping up with Love Island, like point blank if you haven't, I'm just gonna give you the quick rundown. She is that bitch. She's that bitch. Every TikTok sound you hear for the next six months is her talking every outfit that bitch had on in Love Island. Like okay, pussy Stunt Queen, the way she handled so much shit that was happening to her mental health and all kinds of crazy shit. Like the way she's just handled all of this. Like she is beauty, she is Grace, she is Miss American Race. Okay, I, she's my president, honestly, Brooke And I really still want to have her sit down on the Cancelled couch and just kick it with her.


Like aside from asking about all the Love island drama, like I think she's just a dope ass bitch. And the most well received episodes of Cancelled are always gonna be, you know, us with our friends or us talking to someone where it's not like an interview or anything crazy. And I think she like fits that mold tenfold. And I'm so excited to have this new iconic friend, but I might as well have been getting death threats from all of you. To, get her on the podcast now to talk to her about other shit that she didn't on call her daddy or she hasn't talked about yet. And just kind of introduce her to the Cancelled audience. And that is what I did for you guys today. I just got off Zoom with her. Never in my life did I think I would do a Zoom interview for the Cancelled podcast. I'm just, I'm not a big zoomer, okay? I'm never giving girl, get on your Zoom.


I did what had to be done. And I called this bitch and I'm about to insert that and I'm so excited for you guys to see that And I think it's just 10 times happier of a lighthearted episode having her on than me actually cussing out the phone about United Airlines. And don't worry, we will get there. I will never actually let go of that travel day that I had. I, I never will. I will remember it when I'm 80. So either in next week's episode or a storytime on my channel, if you guys just want like an OG Tana Storytime, I've got it for you in the bag. And again, I just wanna say I know I'm beating a dead horse with what I'm saying. But like I'm so fucking grateful for you guys and every single opportunity that you have brought me in this life, And I am so sorry once again that my half of this episode is coming from an island shot on a phone Zoom interview style, but it was that or a psych ward.


And your girl has got to protect her mental health so she can get on her zoom for tour and for everything else that's coming, like the reaction and response to this podcast is the most life changing, important, valuable thing in the world. To me, And I want you to know that at every second. And that's why I'm here. I'm just trying to protect myself so that I can show up for you guys every single week. We all gotta do it in life. Sometimes, you know, I needed To, get away from the general population like I don't know what's in the air right now, but I just feel like my whole life and traumas and everything are so public. And even just going out in public the other day, I was sitting by the pool at a hotel here in Maui and this random man walks up to me, pulls this camera out, doesn't say hello, goodbye, nothing from Adam or Eve and screams in my face, fuck Cody co.


Am I right? And I'm like, I mean I, I guess I did do that, but I'm gonna kill myself because of people Like you like. And that's just, I feel like that sentiment has been encompassing so much of my life lately. Like One of the things that happened while I was at the airport were these like all these 18-year-old kids coming up to me, guys like barking, literally barking like growling and barking, which I guess is a funny full circle moment now that I'm thinking about it. Maybe karma from my barking at LAX but barking telling me to post more feet pics on OnlyFans and imagine me like there is no worse peril in your entire life than being surrounded by like six 18-year-old boys barking at you about your feet.


And I was like, 'cause it's never, it's never the fucking sweet, cute, hot. I am Gia dressed like long real hair, cute earrings, girls who come up to me and tell me that they love me and that you know that I saved their life or whatever it is that they're telling me because I feel the same way towards y'all. You know, I feel the same way towards all the hot girls. I'm like, there's no higher compliment than a hot girl calling you hot. There is no higher compliment than the girls in the gays in the days coming up to me and showing respectful love. There's just been a lot of other out of pocket shit I think that comes with this life happening to me lately. And I just need a giant break.


You know, like I, I was telling Trisha the other day, like, it's not that I'm not grateful for everything, but I would love to leave the Tana Mongeau suit for four days, right? Just not waking up to a hundred texts of everyone needing everything ever under the sun, not going out in public and getting harassed by men and out of pocket strangers. And, and again, not you guys, not the support, like just seeing a million people commenting on like really serious things going on in your life or people starting beef with me. Like I just, I gotta breathe in and out. That's what I'm doing here. And I. Like really, really fucking hope you guys can understand. 'cause I hate letting you down or feeling like I'm giving you this half-ass shitty toaster version of an episode. but I had to do what I had to do.


And I think that Leah saved everything. Like when I was filming the other United Storytime rant every two minutes I was saying like skip to 39 minutes for Brooks half. Don't even fucking watch this. So I'm so grateful Leah got on her Zoom, And I do have some content to provide you today, but just know like I'm not half-assing or bare minimum just 'cause I can. I just, I really need little breaks. See for my mentee B I know I'll be back in better than ever. 'cause at the end of the day, I think my life's purpose is to show all of the young girls and gays and nays who were dealt similar hands to me in their early years or are dealing with similar battles to me, me currently that we will prevail. And that is what I am doing, doing my best to fucking prevail.


Seriously, let me know in the comments below where you would like this united storytime to live. Should I put the OG one on Patreon? Should iFilm it and put it on my YouTube channel? Or do you want to hear that next week on the Cancelled podcast? Either on the couch with Brooke or zooming in or calling in or whatever because I've got To get it off my chest. but I do think that it's better that we just do a little bit of a lighthearted episode. 'cause the last thing I need is beef with United Airlines this week. I'm trying to just take it easy. Call this fucking hot bombshell and keep it pushing. I love you guys so much and I know I've said it five times in this, but you always thank me for saving your life. And I can't thank you enough for saving mine and being there for me through everything the good, the bad, and the fucking f.


Now I am going To, get the fuck off my zoom and jump into that pool. I love you guys so much. And I will talk to you in the next episode of the Cancelled podcast. Make sure to subscribe to this channel and our Patreon below. I think I'm gonna grill Koa on our relationship for this week's episode, which he's gonna love by the way. but I love You guys so much. And I will talk to you soon. Bye.


Get to Smoothie King today and try the new blueberry raspberry or watermelon Lemonade, smoothies. They're all made with real fruit, real juice and no bad stuff. Just check out the no-no list@smoothieking.com. Try the new lemonade smoothies at Smoothie King today.


Popeyes has the wings you crave as a meal, a snack, or at your next party for just 5 99 for a six piece crunchy, spicy bone end wings or tender white meat. Boneless wings are seasoned to perfection in Louisiana, herbs and spices and then tossed in so many different amazing flavors that you can tell if one is better than the last. Pick your wing, choose your sauce and savor all the flavor possibilities. It the best of both wings and they're just 5 99 for a six. Piece that chicken for Popeyes and participating in your rest restaurants.


Listen up renters. Ever feel like you're stuck in this loop of rent payments, just watching your money vanish into thin air. It's time to turn that rent game around and start earning some serious rewards. That's where Built Rewards comes in. People often throw shade on renting, calling it a bad long-term deal. But, what if I told you that with built rewards, your rent money isn't just paying the landlord, it's secretly plotting to fund your future dream home. Builts got the inside scoop on turning your rent into a legit investment in your home ownership journey. Built is breaking ground as the first rewards program that hooks you up with points on your rent. Even if you're still rocking the old school rent check Vibes Built Rewards has got your back. They'll mail the check for you. It's like having a personal rent paying assistant every month. Pay your rent and watch the built points roll in. Use points to jet off on a dream vacation. Put your points toward a flight or hotel. Stay with 500 plus airlines and 700,000 plus hotels and properties. Use your points to sweat it out. Redeem your points to book fitness studio classes. You can also use your points toward a future rent payment or toward a future down payment on a home pay rent hassle free through the Built Rewards app your rent game just got a major upgrade. Built points have been consistently ranked the highest value point currency by the points guy and bank rate earn points by paying rent right now when you Go to join built.com/ Cancelled, that's join BIL t.com/ Cancelled. Make sure to use our URL so they know we sent you join built.com/ Cancelled to start earning points with your rent payments today. Thank you Bill for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled podcast.


Oh my God, you look amazing. You Look good. You look airbrushed as fuck. I'm like I look white. No. And like the dress, the outfit. Just wait. I have so much to fucking say to you. It's, I'm so gagged. I'm so, thank you so much. Oh My God, thank you for having me. I knew we would have a ball. Yeah and this is just the beginning. I can't wait to actually get you on that fucking couch tonight. Oh please Like you, me and Brooke like I'm Sitting on the floor because I wanted To get everyone the best lighting. So just don't mind me. No, You look fucking amazing. Leah is here everyone welcome to the Cancelled podcast. I'm fucking elated to be here. I was dragged through the internet saying why aren't you there? And I said Bitch here now Get on your zoom And bitch.


We took that literally, honey, we got on our Zoom. It's so funny in the history of this podcast, I have never, and probably will never zoom interview someone again. But like, I don't think we've ever had a more requested guest ever. Really? Every comment, everything was like, Tana, if you don't fucking get that bitch the podcast, they'll die wrong. You're die. I'm so happy you're here. It's fucking insane. It's funny. I think the viewers will enjoy this one 'cause they know the peril that I went through. Leah And, I are on the phone yesterday and I'm like, at any time you want, by the way, the bitch is booked and busy. She just got her phone back. Okay. Like let her do her thing right? And you're like, how does 1:00 PM work?


And I'm in Hawaii and I'm like, oh that's perfect. Oh my God it's 4:00 PM it'll give me the whole day. It's 9:00 AM like so stupid. It's crazy. We Were like And. I was like, yeah, totally. That's amazing. Like we are just dumb as fuck. Just like agreeing like, like It's always too delusional. Bitches telling each other. Yes, exactly. I was like, oh, Tana texted me after and she was like, wait, I'm dumb as fuck. And I was like, well I'm dumber because I was you on. It's like we can't be hot and no all the time zones. Okay. Like we, we've got enough on our plate. Listen and you're here and I'm so fucking happy. First of all, how do you feel? I'm so back. I'm okay. I wanna, I, I'm okay.


Like I feel like it's, it was a lot more, I was preparing for like the absolute fucking worst. Me. It's taking a bit to settle in. I definitely think like it'll take a minute. With the whole like nitpicking I think it a bit difficult when you know I went into the villa like a very normal human being. And I came out and everything I do is being overanalyzed, And, I. Can't imagine what it like psychologically does to you. Especially with no phone. 'cause it's like if you had a phone you would be like gradually seeing this, like slowly accepting it. Like, you don't have a fucking phone for that long and then you come out And, you have millions of followers overnight and you're the top bitch.


You're the head bitch in charge. Like they, everyone wants And. I told you I thought I was the bottom barrel bitch. Like I was like, I literally was like, I've ruined my family's life forever. I don't think I should have Come on this show. I've done not like, I literally was like, 'cause the way, it just, the way I felt in the villa. I keep saying this but it's just 'cause I'm in such shock, like the way I felt in the villa versus like the love that was waiting for me out here. I could not have guessed it in a million years. I'm sure everyone can tell from my reactions to every time I got picked, every time I got picked I was like, what the fuck? Like I thought everyone hated me. It just, the villa like the whole, it was just a lot.


It's gotta like fuck with your head You know what I mean. Especially 'cause like in the villa, like if you know the other girls are jealous or feeling some type of way or treating you some type of way. And, you don't have a phone, you're like, fuck they hate me, everyone hates me, whatever. And then to come out and have the exact opposite is just fucked. I think It though. Like I really did love all the girls in the Villa And. I do feel like we had like such a close friendship. Like I know, like obviously PPG like Serena and Jana like were my closest in there. but I did feel really close to everyone else. Nicole is a really good friend of mine. Daniella, I love her. Even Andrea, like on our off days we would hang out and like we did, there was like a day where we did like each other's makeup. We were like fucking around.


And like, same with Liv. Like Liv, I have nothing bad to say about Liv ever. Oh Kayla, I love Kayla. Please don't, I'm trying to remember everyone's names. I love, no, You don't have to remember everyone. We all think you're nice. Like I believe you. You know, I loved all of them. So then I was a bit put off when I come out and I'm like, oh I thought, And now everyone's trying to pit you guys against each other and Like you had a great time. And that's 'cause it's like men are so fucking stupid. Like all you really can hope for from that experience is a couple good girlfriends for life, right? Like And, I got that. And then some. So And I also got Miguel, which is like, I couldn't have asked for more. Like I just feel very, very, very lucky. Okay, I was letting you say it first.


And now that you've said it, I have so many questions. So we're back in real life. Yes. We're With Miguel. Yes. I love, we like, I'm not okay. We he's our Man. Are you with him? Yeah. Yes, We. And how is that going? What is, what is like the biggest difference of the two of you in the real world versus Oh, are You saying, are we with together at the moment? Like in person together type thing? No, no, no. Like just like, oh are we Like To get like no. Yes. Yeah. Like he's your boo. He's my boo. Is it different now trying to like date and be cutesy and shit? Like in the real world, is it better or is it scarier? Like how do you feel?


It's exactly the same. I feel like we just have such a special bond that I just feel like if you guys saw the whole thing pan out, you would, you would get it. Like we are like so in tune And. I just feel like he's like the most compassionate understanding person ever. And my family just keeps saying like, they couldn't have dreamt of someone better for me. So I have full goosebumps. That's actually so sweet. I, I thought that by the time we got to this Zoom you were about to be like, because that would just be me. I'm so turbulent. I'd be like, fuck everyone. I hate every single guy. Oh, I, I keep saying I hate like, I'm like, I just hate like the way everything panned out.


I hate that. But like Miguel was the only like, people are like, oh my gosh, did you have fun on Love Island? And they're like, I bet you had the best summer ever. And I'm like, I literally hated every moment. Like except for the moments with Miguel and PPG like period. That's actually like so fucking sweet that it ended up like that And I feel like he is like a good guy. And you guys obviously like all the edits of you guys. I'm like, fuck, they're so, oh, we Sit up on, on FaceTime until five in the morning just sending them back to each other. Wait All literally actually quiet. We love them so much. We think they're So how does that feel too? Like dude, I've been on TikTok and my for You page is literally just edits of you like doing everything, every sound Easy.


I'm Wait, you're that bitch. Like you're set. Like I'm, I don't think I'll ever come to terms with this. Like I, it'll you don't understand. I was spiraling in that vmo like, it's going to take me years a to recover from this. Like, I was traumatized. I still am. I think even like a lot of things I'm realizing like, oh fuck, like I, I I'm, I am going straight to therapy. Like drop I was gonna say like, does love Island offer like the the therapy pack out for it's On Thank you Like. you know what? I don't want theirs. So I feel like actually I'm gonna need eight life coaches and a psych ward. Yeah, I get that. I can't, I can't fucking imagine.


I mean at least you did come out of it. Like, and overall the reception is good but still you've gotta make sure your mental's right. Being able to handle all of that And like, no, my mental is in hell right now. I need to, I need to build it back up for sure. Like coming out and, and no I can't. But the thing is, these things that are helping are my supporters. Like I I I don't deserve them. I think that they have given me like I am, I'm fucking honored. I literally am honored like I it's night and day from the villa to, I really think that you do deserve them though. Like you're fucking so iconic. Every single person that is supporting you, there's a fucking reason. Like from the outfits to the shit you have to say anyone navigating through like what you went through across that fucking show for 36 episodes.


I know. I would not do it without much grace or intelligence or any of that. Or you can, the house would be on fire. You fucking killed it. And, you deserve everything. And, I just like, again, it's probably so hard like feeling so low in the villa and then coming out and feeling so high and trying to figure out this like middle ground to be at. But I'm proud of you and the people love you. It literally means like more than you know, it really does. Like the support is like the the one driving factor of like that. Like I'm okay these people like I can do it for them. So I just feel like so lucky. So fucking You're her. You're that bitch though. Like just don't fucking forget that.


I'm serious. It's crazy And it's like everyone has so many questions and like I don't even, I do just wanna say for all the Cancelled viewers, like we've been talking about this a lot off camera. Like this is not ending at a Zoom. Like I want you on the couch. Oh beat Up Please. Talking shit. Like whole nine. Full fucking Nine. Oh we'll bring the tea. We'll do our big one. Are you planning on starting your own podcast at some point? I feel like the people want it so bad I know that the people want a podcast and I know they want it. They would love it with PPG. And you guys, if you have heard our conversations, oh my god we are unfucking hinged I know people would love it. I know it. but I think we are also, there are things coming like there are a lot of fun things coming for sure.


Nothing is like set in the books, but we are definitely like looking at a lot of stuff. I know that I'm like, and my girls, they have a lot of great shit coming for them all well deserved, literally deserved the whole world. And then I know for me. But You're like also like, hey I might wanna meditate for two weeks first. Yeah, I think right now I'm just trying to settle. but I de there are for sure a lot of fun fucking things coming. And. I mean just jumping straight from like that filming that show has gotta be so much work. Like trying to be entertaining like the mental game in your head of like You know what I mean. Like I'm on camera at all times. I need to be funny, I need to look the thing. What I'm in is like, oh no, I stopped caring how I looked on like day two. You I, you could literally see like the frizz in my hair.


It was like I literally was telling everyone I don't give a fuck anymore. but that is so what the world is what they're gonna To get. And if you don't Like it then fuck it because this is what you're getting. It's so crazy because you say that. But like I was watching so ga like the outfits. Can you walk me? I'm sorry if this is I. know all the people. No, no. Ask me whatever you want, please. I'm dead to bullet point. All my Comments were like, ask Leah about Rob. I'm like, no, I wanna know about the outfits, Let's talk about my clothes. Like way more important first of all like order of fucking operations here. How many suitcases? Okay, four suitcases, two closets in the villa. And then did all the other bitches have four suitcases of shit?


Or were you Like you really came to play? You know, Kayla had a lot of clothes as well. Ser so fucking funny. Serena would every night would be like, Leah, I'm gonna go shopping in your closet tonight. And she'd like open it up and I'm like, go at it baby. Like I love, I feel like I'm One of those people though. I love like sharing clothes, And, I love, like matching with my girls. And I love that kind of stuff. So Like it made me so happy, like seeing everyone wear my clothes and like, I also like my shoes. I brought, I think I brought like 15 pairs of shoes and shout out Bottega. 'cause that was a very big amount that I swear to God sharing clothes. Bottega, it's like the biggest fucking serotonin in the world. Especially when a bitch has a wardrobe like yours. Have you always been like a designer fashion queen?


Like a vintage fashion queen? Like when you walk, you walked out in something, Roberto Val And, I damn near fucking fell to the floor and died. I was like, these bitches could never, you didn't even have to talk like your outfit was speaking For you. No, I fucking love that dress. My sister sent it. My sister is behind all of my clothes. I can't dress myself for shit. I always tell her like when I try and dress myself, I will stand in front of the mirror and panic. You know that scene of the Grinch where he is like putting on his clothes and he is like, no hate it. That's me as fuck. When I try and dress myself, but No And, I'm sweating, screaming, crying, throwing up. I'm hourly. Yes. I always say I need to have like, I plan one hour of a mental breakdown before I go out so I can have a mental breakdown of like body dysmorphia.


And then I'll be like, okay, cool, now I'm ready to go out. Absolutely. Like I look in the mirror, I see job With the hut, I breathe about it for an hour And then I'm like, cool. And then, yeah and then like I'll just get drunk and pretend like I'm not feeling that way. So it's Like looking in a mirror like, like me as fuck. But yeah, no, I, I credit give all run my sister her fucking credit. She's behind all the outfits. She's behind all the vintage pieces. She's behind all the looks. She is, she has she, she gets fashion. Like that shit comes to her so easily. So that's all on her. A built-in stylist as a sister is the actual dream. But it's crazy 'cause you just wear it all so effort effortlessly. Hello, the body Like.


you just fucking kill it. I don't know. I'm Like you beside myself. You with all of that I love so Much. but I was wondering like One of the episodes, Kayla or did Kayla get voted off and she was wearing your dress or Like you got like, like was everyone sharing shit? A Lot of people like, so you're not, you're don't, you don't have to share with everyone like what clothes are yours. So yeah, want people to wear your clothes. Like they can wear your clothes. A lot of the girls were sharing with each other. And. I. I told them like they on like day two. I literally was like, y'all don't, you don't need to ask me for anything. Like I know. We would call my section on the vanity, the pharmacy. 'cause girls would literally go and like just take all my shit out.


And I would be like, don't you don't need to ask me. Like they, the first few days, like, they'd be like, can we, can I borrow this? Can I borrow this? I'm like, take, take it. By day eight you're like, take the Broing drop. Oh no. I literally, oh there Kayla took my, Kayla currently has my hairbrush. She like, she literally has it now. I saw when I saw her at the airport, like she was like, oh by the way, like I have it And I was like I know you do, I I stole, stole a Dyson hairbrush from the, from the villa because as fuck, that's some financial conversation, right? Was intertwined in that hairbrush for like two months. It was funny as fuck. That's fucking so funny. Like I just, I love when a hot girl wants to share too. Like not a gatekeeper. It's so, It's the best thing. I think It's so funny 'cause all the people Probably want me to ask you so much about tea and I'm just talking to you about No you can't.


You literally ask me whatever you want.


COVID-19 and flu viruses disguise themselves to fool your immune system. That's why COVID-19 and flu vaccines are updated to protect you. Stay up to date on COVID-19 and flu vaccinations sponsored by Champions for Vaccine Education equity and Progress. Nice to meet you. Or maybe we've met before. I'm the COVID-19 virus. I use disguises to fool your immune system. My buddy. The flu virus And I make thousands of people sick every year. But updated vaccines make it a lot harder. Don't make it easy for these viruses. Stay up to date on your COVID-19 and flu vaccinations this fall. Sponsored by Champions for Vaccine Education equity and Progress cve eep.org.


It's no secret that weight loss drugs and GLP ones are all anyone is talking about right now. But you don't need to be rich and famous. In order To get access to these medications through hers. You can get access to a budget friendly weight loss program personalized just for you. Weight loss solutions are not one size fits all. Everyone deserves to have a weight loss plan that is tailored to their specific needs. So if you're struggling with losing weight and need some extra help, it's time you check out hers. Losing weight can be hard and when it comes to prioritizing your health and feeling confident and strong, it can be difficult to know where to start. Now you can get your health in check and be confident that you're on the right track to getting healthy through hers. Hers is changing women's healthcare by providing access to GLP one weekly injections. With the same active ingredient as Ozempic and Wegovy, as well as oral medication kits. Weight loss by hers is realistic, not restrictive, and is focused on giving you access to the solution that is right for you. Hers connects you with a medical provider who will work with you to determine your best treatment option if prescribed you get the medication as part of a doctor developed weight loss program complete with ongoing support. Check-ins, medication adjustments and answers to questions 100% online at no additional cost through hers. Weight loss plans are more affordable with GLP one injections starting at $199 per month with a 12 month subscription. No hidden fees, no access fees, and no membership fees. Plus your personalized treatment ships for free directly to your door. So if you've been struggling with your weight loss journey, it's time you find an option that works for you with hers, start your free online visit today@forhers.com slash Cancelled For hers.com/ Cancelled. That's F-O-R-H-E-R s.com/ Cancelled For your personalized weight loss treatment not available everywhere. Hers Weight Loss includes compounded products which are not approved nor verified for safety or effectiveness by the FDA. Prescription products require a provider consultation. Restrictions apply. Actual price to customer will depend on product and subscription plan purchase. Thank you hers for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled podcast.


Well I just have a few questions Yeah. For myself and I'll cut them all. Bitch. Okay. I know I'm getting you on the couch like I'm in no rush. I know. I know. Let's save some for the couch too 'cause I wanna give you Ann Brooks the fucking piping hot Abso. And we need Brooks commentary for like so much we needed. We just hate that I know My girl was going through it. My sister was trying to update me on it. And I was like, I gotta, I need, I still haven't looked at it. I need to. I need To. get caught up. I need To. get caught up. I just realized the amount, like all the like Clinton King drum Like. you had no phone. Yeah. Like oh my God, I didn't even think about the amount of fucking shit you mess. Long story short, he's like an awful lying lizard. He said his mom is dead. His mom is alive. 30 part series he made.


You don't have to watch it. It'll make you wanna die. I do like just watch Brooks and okay. Oh I'm No, no. I don't give a fuck what he has to say. I just wanted to watch what hers with. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. You're gonna fucking die though. It's so nuts. These men just, I don't know. I mean I guess speaking of playing blind, cheating men, these are, I don't I know the Lord so forgive me if I'm just so wrong on this right now. Talk to me about Rob. Okay. Like where did you two leave off? Like you're like cameras are off, you're all finally going home. Like where are you two At? We're good. I do think people are supporting something that doesn't exist as friends. We are great.


He is a good person as a friend, typically we don't click. We frankly never did in that way. I was miserable every second. I always was living with like sheer anxiety and fight or fight mode. And as someone who kind of is very used to that in a relationship due to past relationships of just like trauma, it was very triggering every day. And the fact that the way it all played out was even more triggering, it was very painful. It put me in a head space that I haven't been in in a very long time. It made me do things that I haven't done in a very long time. If you've ever been with a man before who like lacks reassurance, even if you go years without being with a man like that, you can immediately like fall back into those patterns.


Oh It's, it's literally like miserable and, Sorry, I'm getting a fucking call. I don't know why anyone would ever try to call me right now. I Know they're disrupting. Like bitch, I'm on my Zoom. You're on your Zoom anyways. But yeah, like I get it. I do. I do. I get it. Like we were so like in sync at the beginning and like we were very like into each other, but some moments felt very theatrical, some moments felt very, he just, I don't know, it just felt like Fraudulent day Was so scary. And I was waiting for the other shoe to drop and then you know, everything happened the way it did after he was saying like, you're never gonna be left in the dark.


And then he stood up there, And I just went, oh my God. Like we Really will let a man and overall tell us that we'll never be left in the dark and then still get left in the fucking dark as bad bitches. And like that's what's crazy. I didn't know his Well you also are from California, right? Yeah. but I didn't know that he like was in LA before this. Like I don't, I is Was he? I have no idea. I, I think I, some girl I know was saying he was like in some awful situationship with this LA girl. I know And I was like, that would just check out so hard. Then I see him like in the car with Nessa Barrett. I'm like, leave Nessa alone. I saw that too. But again, like I do think he deserves you to be happy. Just not for me.


Yeah. 100%. What I'm telling you, I was fucking miserable. I was crying every day. I had terrible anxiety every day. I'm literally like was like a mess up until the second I'm coupled up with Miguel. Honestly, the second Miguel came in like I feel Like. it literally was just like, just just starting as our friendship and then having him there as a friend and like just having someone who was like so funny and just didn't care what other people thought of me. 'cause in the Villa it was a bit Like. it kind of felt like everyone was scolding me a little for the Rob situation minus my girls of course. Like they were there for me. But aside from everyone else, it kind of made me feel like I was the one who did something very wrong.


And only me I'm, who did something wrong. It didn't feel like I felt like I was the only one being held accountable. And yes, Rob And I both did things wrong, but I just was like, well why am I the only one kind of being scolded for it? And it felt like that from everyone. It felt like every, I'm like, my feelings were being very downplayed by the producers as well. And I know that the producers keep telling me not to talk about them, but Like, it was like just like such betrayal in every realm. Like they're like, we care about you And. I was like, but I'm dying. And, you don't care. Yeah. That's, that's not, you're gonna hate Me saying that, but like, I don't care. That's how I fucking felt. So No, you're real as fuck for that. I think Brooke, And, I talk about this like a lot as well. But like even if like TV producers are humans too, and I'm sure in their hardest of hearts, like they do, they wanna care about people, but their whole fucking job is to literally like, fuck up your mental state for like, oh, there was A moment where Liv And I were crying so hard and they were like, hold on, cameras aren't rolling.


Can you hold this? And me and Livs freaked out. We said I would Lose it. We were, It's like, It's all my fucking soul. You can't turn the camera on. I was like, I, get it. This shit's entertaining to you guys. I get it. I get it. I get it. It's a TV show to You guys. But this is our real lives. This is, yeah, funny. We're not having fun right now, frankly. I'm miserable. And. I wanna go home? And. I feel like I'm stuck here. I can't talk to anyone about it because everyone's already mad at me about Rob and I'm just sitting here like, oh my God, like could this get any worse? And then it kept getting worse until Miguel, then everything got better. Three above. I'm, I love the fairytale. Happy ending. I again, I just, I feel for you so hard though. Like phoneless fucking heartbroken. The only people you can talk to are people who just wanna film you at your worst like bro.


And they kept telling me like, if you wanna talk, we can. And I'm like, no, 'cause you're gonna make me say it on camera. Yeah. And it's going to like literally like make me look like I'm like a suicidal, like fucking free. Which shit was getting weird in there. Like I was very upset and It's like you're not a licensed therapist. And. you can't even turn, oh they're not licensed There. but it felt like they just, it felt more like they wanted to gossip versus like check in on Yeah Like you're like fucking animals in a zoo. And that's so like again, so much therapy, so much peace and relaxation. I was so fucking mad the other day on TikTok. Don't get me wrong, I appreciate like for you, I love seeing all the support and winning but obviously some people take it too far. And I was like, I saw some shit about like your address or your house or something.


And. I was Like. you are really like this girl just went through fucking hell on national television and people really want to try You like that. And that's like the dark sides of fame. Like that's so, it's very Invasive. Especially 'cause I don't even live in this house. I have an apartment. It's being renovated right now. My family lives here. My fucking poor family lives here. My parents who have no idea about social media, who have no idea about fame or attention. My animals are here. The people I care about the most are in this home and people are hosting And it's like your only safe space. Like my only Safe space and even that is getting violated.


but I am just like really grateful that you are in such a good spot with Miguel where you at least feel Like. you have one person from this experience and who's going through something kind of similar to what you are right now online who like gets you and sees you like, Oh my gosh, she's literally giving me like Dr. Phil type advice. Like I like I could God. Yeah, no, my sister is like obsessed with everything. The advice he's been giving. Like she's like, he's fucking wise. And I'm like, I'm telling you guys this man. I Love when a straight man does something. Okay. When any straight man does something like that's my favorite. And thank God I saw that. So what's his take on, because obviously you're like so mature about all this Rob shit like, and not even being petty at all.


You're like, we're friends. Everyone's like, does Miguel follow Rob? How does he feel? Like how does, do you know how he feels about like shit that went down to you in the house? I know. He seeing it is not his favorite thing. Like, it definitely feels for me of seeing everything from the beginning. Like clearly there were a lot of things he didn't see that went down between Rob And I of like how fucking, like I just went through a lot. Like it's hard even myself seeing myself like that I have to skip through it. It's very triggering. It is very triggering. Like I started, I saw a video of myself like sobbing, And I just started crying my eyes up. I don't wanna rewatch it at all.


I I know I embarrassed no I know I was being a pick me whatever for Rob. Like, but The pick me allegations are also crazy. Like just again to everything. I like if you put anyone in that situation Like, you can't blame yourself and be like, oh I embarrassed myself. No. Like if you put me with 80 fucking wide shots on me like, like I would be, I'd be like farting and disgusting and like losing it like it's Like. you are set up to fail and to end up prevailing is like so strong and intelligent. It's Ridiculous. It's like I'm so lucky. Like I am so thankful for everyone like that.


They saw it the way they did. And I do remember there was a moment in the villa, I told Rob, I said, when you come out of here And, you see the way I actually was towards you, you're going stick And you. Where are we now? And I'm even more sick. I was saying the other day, I said, the more I see the way he was talking about me, I start To get even more upset and the more he probably sees the way I'm talking about him, he probably starts to like think daily. He like Fucking shit about it. Yeah, exactly. Like she was actually genuine. So It's crazy too. 'cause wasn't he And? I could just be making this up. Forgive me, but wasn't he on like a love island season before? Like he's like, he's done reality shows.


He did. He was last season And. I didn't watch it. So I didn't know who he was when he came in, but the girls were saying like, oh my gosh, isn't that Rob from last season? And. I was like, I would when we first like got together, I would like make jokes about it. And I would call him like the veteran of Love Island, be like, okay, like tell me how to do this. Oh, what should we do now? And he knew. He knew. I don't know. I don't know. He's a really good guy. I just don't think like he is a good guy for me as like relationship romantically. I honestly out of like respect for Miguel, I kind of don't even want a friendship at the moment. I Get that you're like, listen, I'm hard feeling a lot love. But just like from afar I think, yeah, And, I think that's like the absolute best situation.


Like, you are in the best case scenario, which is crazy. Well you ever, you'll never, I am gathering at, at least I Like it would, I'd be scarred like, would you ever do a dating show again? Never. They called me the next day and said, would you go on Love Island get I said no. I didn't even let them finish the sentence. They didn't even finish. I said, no, no, at all And. Don don't need to go on a dating show. I found my at all. I'm good. The next, the next thing filmed is the fucking wedding bitch. Okay. Or the birth bitch stop. Do you want kids? I do. We both want like four kids. Oh my God. Stop. And you're gonna have such a cute, like I, I can just see where does he live? He is like a nomad for sure.


He is like, definitely like right now he is in the uk but he's coming here soon. We have a lot of fun like trips planned together. We have so much shit we wanna do. Like, and I'm gonna see him in a, like, I'll see him soon. I'll see him very soon. I'm folding like a lawn chair for this. Like the, the simp in me is just like, oh, I'm this is best case scenario and I'm so happy for you. He's the best Like. you just now that this is, this trauma is over Like. You're just, I feel like you're such a smart girl and you're gonna fucking figure it all out. And you're so blessed with this like, huge new platform that you deserve. Like a motherfucker. Like, go off bitch. Thank you. Seriously. Like, and that's the thing is it's Like. you can't accredit any of it to anything.


But you Like you fucking did that. Well, Way it's everyone out there like they, the, They, they see like, they recognize that you are that bitch. It means everything. It literally means everything serious. Like, you should have told me we were day drinking, bitch. I would've brought my bottle of tequila. Fuck. I really, I swear this actual Cancelled episode is gonna be so heinous. I wish you were here in Hawaii with me right now. Did we Get drunk? I'm like on cameras. You a drunk interview or is that so messy? I will get drunk with you. I will get high with you. I don't whatever. We can take mushrooms and get fucking philosophical. I don't give a, whatever the Heck can We is Even today, I was like, yes, I have questions and shit.


But like you've already done the like, big ringer interview. And, I feel like, it's like that's not what the people want from you. Like they wanna see you talk about like random shit. Yeah. And like, that's what I'm excited to have you on for is just to come like Kiki and talk about random fucking shit. I'm So fucking excited. 'cause I know you guys like we are all like I know our personality. Just vibes so fucking well. I'm so excited, man. You know what? I just remembered that I need to know from you. 'cause I, I was thinking about our personalities literally vibing, And, I was thinking like, I just feel like your thoughts in your head during Love Island. Like I would, I would pay a billion dollars to be a fly on the wall. In your thoughts.


And I wanted to know, like, do you have any memorable icks that you got from any of the guys in this show? Memorable. Its everything. Even If it's like some stupid shit Like I know, I'm like, hmm, what wasn't an it? I'm like, my biggest ick I always say is watching a guy chase a ping pong ball. Like, I mean like literally like I watched a lot of them chase ping pong balls. It wasn't bad. Swear. It wasn't, it wasn't. I see a lot of people say that. Actually I do. They took, they picked it up gracefully. That one I won't say I don't love. I have the, all the guys in the villa know this. And Rob actually did a pulled like a joke on me one time, like when we were going to the dock, like the guy found him. Do it as a joke. I hate, hate, hate's a strong word.


I dislike when men wear like a full like a nighttime outfit with sandals, like thong sandals, Toes out out as a man. Why are your toes out? Yeah, it's a bit, it's a bit freaky. So then like he, when he pulled me to the dock, he, I mean he And I looked down and he And I. I was like, uhoh, And, I. He knows this And I looked up and he was like, he's just sort of dying laughing. And you. Oh, you're like your fourth toe has a hangnail, And I That. He literally was like, Aaron and Connor told me to do it as a joke. And I was like, thank God. 'cause I was actually about to say like, we can't be together anymore at all. See, that's the type of shit I needed to hear. That's what I give a fuck about. Yeah. I literally like that. Like when men wear like, like, I fucking love you Aaron.


But Aaron every night would wear like a full outfit and then just like Fong sandals and it's like, okay, pop off Queen. But again though, he's European, he gets a, I guess I guess it Like it goes off. I like, My thing is I'm like really big on like, like if a guy has really good style, I'm immediately, I'm gravitating. Especially like you're a bitch with style. So you see it like, I feel like when Miguel walked in, you were probably like, oh my God. Finally like someone with some like swag. He, when I thought he was so fucking hot, like from the second like he walked in like that, the dimples just, They knew what they were doing. They were like, we need like, oh, they Did their big one bringing him in like point blank period.


Like, thanks guys. The one thing you did right. Yay. Right. You're Like. you can live for now. Love Island. You can live for now. Love Island. Honestly, look, I'm not kidding, I had all of my like roommates and friends give me a list like what they wanted to know. And I'm like, I, I feel like we just need to wait for the fucking Cancelled podcast. I know We can just be Fun. We'll just, I I'm not getting like half of this was just me checking in on you. I wanted the people to know that. Like I saw their comments and Like you And, I'm alive. I am semi okay. I will be okay. Don't worry about me. you guys are the reason I am. Okay. I love you so very much. Don't worry about me. I'm a big girl. I'm a tough kid.


I can handle it. I'm good. I love You. See, like I have chills, like just boss ass bitch energy. I'm so fucking excited for the start of this psychotic friendship. Oh, we got sick Coming Like, you, me and Brooke on that couch is actually gonna be lethal. And I'm like counting down the minutes. I'm fucking excited Man. Like I'm so mad that I'm on a rock in the middle of the ocean while all of this is going. I'm You're lucky. That's like I would fucking, well actually yeah, maybe I don't wanna be somewhere tropical for a minute at All. Next vacation. That's Go to the desert. Next vacation is in the snow at a lodge bitch. Like Yeah, I'm okay. Actually like the, now that I'm looking at the water and the palm trees in the back, I am, I'm getting a call.


I should. I'm Hey Snow telling me. Yeah. I love you so much. Love and Like you thank you for making this work yesterday. My gosh. You were like, we've been going back and forth on the day And I thought you wanted to do yesterday. I was running out of the ocean like a wet rat. I was like, I fucking, I was dying. I literally was like, oh, what'd she get so excited? And Mommy's saying tomorrow. And then I look And I was like, oh fuck. I said, let's do today. I was like, no, no, no. We rat running outta the beach. Like I gotta get on my zoom. Zoom you. I'm fucking, I'm excited for this. This is about to evolve into something not, I'm Just so fucking obsessed with you And I.


Love that you are my whole for you page. I never want that to change. And I'm so excited for it to now be us on my whole for you page in a couple days. But this is a sort of something beautiful and like actually fucking thank you for taking the time. My God, Thank you for you wanting me on here. Thank you so much, Bitch. I swear to God, I think not only did Brooke, And, I want you on Cancelled so bad. And again we have to sit with Brooke, but like if I didn't get you on this zoom the comments like I can't, I can't, I don't even know what they would've done to me. I was like, I gotta give the people a taste of what they're gonna get when I'm home. Fuck yes. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I love you so much. I love you and Mikel so much. And you thank I'm just so happy for you that you're out of the fucking Villa With, the phone bitch and some therapy.


Oh yes. Here she is. And all her glow, right? And some more fucking Ali dresses and no overalls. It's Miguel, stop. I love you. I love you So, so, so much. I love you, you more and I'm so fucking excited to sit down and talk to you. It's gonna be, I'm Honestly calling you after this so we can talk more shit off camera. Oh, please, please, please. I love you. Love you, love you, love you. I Actually don't know how to lead the zoom. I do Peace bitch


COVID-19 and flu viruses disguise themselves to fool your immune system. That's why COVID-19 and flu vaccines are updated to protect you. Stay up to date on COVID-19 and Flu vaccinations sponsored by Champions for Vaccine Education equity and Progress.


Hey, there it is. Ryan Seacrest with you. Do you wanna make this summer unforgettable? Join me at Chumba Casino. It's this summer's hottest online destination. They're rolling out the red carpet with an amazing welcome offer just for you. So don't wait. Dive in now and play hundreds of social casino games for free. Your chance to redeem real prizes is just a spin away care to join me. Sponsored By Chumba Casino, no purchase necessary. VG W Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Today's episode of the Cancelled podcast is sponsored by BetterHelp. Comparison is the thief of joy and it's easy to envy other people's lives. It may look like they have it all together on their Instagram, but in reality they probably don't. Therapy can help you focus on what you want instead of what others have. So you can start living your best life. It's helpful for learning positive coping skills and how to set boundaries. It empowers you to be the best version of yourself. It isn't just for those who have experienced major trauma. I know I love BetterHelp. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire, To, get matched. With the licensed therapist and switch therapist anytime for no additional charge. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash tana today. To get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/tana. Thank you BetterHelp for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled podcast.


1, 2, 3. Hello and welcome. Welcome back to the Cancelled podcast. Oh, you ate that up, did I? Alright You guys, clearly we don't have our normal situation today. Tana is not beside me. She's in Hawaii living her best life and getting her ducks in a row. Okay, I'm Jealous. So she, I believe filmed her half already and she got Leah Kate from Love Island, which I love her, which makes me so fucking jealous. I wanted to do it together so bad. I was DMing her yesterday, like begging her to be my friend. but I have here in front of me, One of our most requested guests of all time, which is Miss Brooke Baldwin, also known as Bebe.


Bebe. You know, a lot of people think that Bebe and Brooke Baldwin are two different People. No, I didn't know that. But why they do? I don't know. Because we Like it. It's, I use you like interchangeably and people like didn't understand that it was the same thing. That makes sense. But this is my best friend on the entire planet. My longest friend in LA and the only person I would save if the world was on fire. Obviously I would save Tana as well, but she would be second. Just kidding. I would save you two. Don't worry. We be welcome To the pod. Thank you. I'm so, I'm honestly, I've been so nervous and scared. She's Really nervous. but I like we just went to dinner before this. And I was like Bebe. This is literally exactly what we're doing right now. You have a conversation except there's a microphone in front of you. You're not on a stage. That's True. It's okay.


I feel better now that I'm here. First of all, I tweeted a bunch of things. Well first of all I tweeted like, what? What do you guys want to hear from bb? And they had lots of questions for you. But first and most importantly they want to know how the fuck where you came from. Okay. Where I came from. Yeah. How, how do we know each other? That's my favorite thing is like, I see comments all the time saying like, she just came out of nowhere. Like where'd she even come from? I'm like, guys, I literally have known Brooke for like six years. We've been best friends for six years. Yeah. And like really openly too. Yeah. Bebe showed up in my living room one day. So she was living, we lived like at the time we lived at an apartment or an apartment complex called the Ava in Toluca Lake. We lived, we have obviously the same name. We lived on the same floor in the same building.


There's 26 buildings in this apartment complex. It's huge. Massive. Yeah. It has A through Z and it, we both lived in Building U. We lived on the same floor, same name, same time. And we didn't know each other until one day randomly. I don't know why And I don't know who brought you there. You were in my living room and Brooke Sobbed. I did. She, she started singing for some reason she was like One of those who just like sang outta nowhere. Well, well, Okay. Singing Out of Nowhere is like actually crazy. But we both shared the love for Billie Eilish. Yes. And it was, what was that, 2018 or 2019? It Had to be 2018. I moved in 2018. 2018. And I sang. What song was that?


A Billie Eilish song. And I. Literally sobbed my eyes out. I do that every time someone sings to me. Honestly. Even if they're bad. But you're lucky, you're good. Was I bad? No, you were fabulous. But we've been best friends ever since I knew her before any of this happened. Obviously everything. You've been my little ride or die With the exception of one. Really? Oh God, Yeah. I have to bring it up because honestly it's important for the listeners to know about. It's Honestly, it's a, it's a big part of my lore. Well listen. So especially since like, obviously they're up to date on my whole Clinton situation. We talk a lot about emotionally abusive relationships, which I'm not sure if you would identify your ex as an emotionally abusive person, but this is what I will say.


Bebe was banned from seeing me and hanging out with me for a really long time. Why don't you tell us about that? Okay, so I dated a guy for a couple years and he hated Brooke, hated her. They hated each other. It was really, it was on and off. Really toxic, whatever. I, I moved across the country. I am from California. I moved to Charlotte, North Carolina for this man. Okay. I moved there. I was there for eight months. It was really scary. Eight months they got A dog together. More importantly, she blocked. She moved without a single word.


Blocked my number and didn't talk to me the entire time she was gone. To be fair. 'cause because your boyfriend didn't like me, I don't give a Fuck. Okay. But to be fair, I'm not. You weren't mean. but I didn't like your opinion on it. I just didn't, And I was, oh That I didn't fucking Like you loser fucking boyfriend. That That was that's totally that. I see it. I see it now. I see it now. You were super valid. But also at the same time I was like, I love this Man. Yeah, I guess when you love someone Like, you I feel like you wouldn't do it to me. More importantly. Oh no. Yeah. I actually just talked about this on another podcast. How I like regret how I handled it. 'cause like, you're gonna pretend Like you told me you wanted To. get back together with Clinton Kane And I wasn't mean to you about it. Okay. You're right. You weren't. And And, you know what's so funny about it is when she was going through the whole Clinton thing, 'cause I was there for the entire situation.


I told her, I said, how does it feel? I'm like, you're so lucky that I'm, I'm being nice and letting you like let, letting it run its course. 'cause honestly, you're not gonna leave, you're not gonna stop talking to someone just because someone else says like, you're gonna leave when you're ready. Realistically. Yeah. It's, and that's how you like end up like hiding shit from your friends and stuff. Yeah. Is if like, if your friends are really hard on you about it. I don't know. I experienced that too. 'cause like there was a certain point where I wasn't even telling anyone that I was talking to Clinton. Yeah. Because I was ashamed of it. And, I knew. My friends would like, literally like slice me open if they knew. Yeah. I mean, but not you. Yeah, no, you told me everything. You for sure told me everything. And I. I feel like I was still supportive. I didn't want you to do it, but like at the end of the day, you're still gonna do it no matter what.


I like that you won't judge me. Same thing with this last Situationship I just had. I'd be like, yeah, I'm with him again. She'd be like, oh shit. I, I liked him until I didn't like him. Same. So, but felt good about you. Until I didn't, until I didn't Shout out. Gracie Abrams, we love you. We do love Gracie. We talk a lot on the Cancelled podcast about how Bibe has like odd jobs. That's been a thing since I've met her. Obviously. She's like, you'll do anything for a dollar. Which is like very admirable, but like, what the fuck? We're hustling out here. Can you, I had, I have to like, Can you talk about some of the jobs that you've had? So I can, during Covid I learned how to make rugs. She had a rug making business. Yes. It was called Lovesick Gallery.


And. I was all about it. She was lovesick. All Right. I, I was sick. I was down, I was, I was mentally unstable at that point. But yeah, I learned how to make rugs. That was fun. I've done tooth gems. I learned how to tattoo. I wrote down. But it's so funny 'cause like I know where I'll get followed by an account that's like tooth Gems by Bebe. And I'm like, well there you go. Way that's new business unlocked the way. That's actually my tooth G account. When We were, when we were first like obviously we were like both really broke when we lived here or like first lived here. Bibe was living in the living with Lila. I'm, that's also another misconception. Misconception. 'cause Lila always says like, I was living in the living room with Brooke. But that's, That's Brooke me.


That's, I lived a, a few doors down in a bedroom, but we were really broke. And I would drive around to BB all day long while she drove for Uber Eat. And we would drop off, we would pick up and drop off all her orders. We would go, we would Go to Glendale and my little Volkswagen bug and yell. And we were, we were hustling and half the time it didn't work. It would just be like smoking out the out the front. And we were like, one time I was with Lila and we were Uber Eats and we were like almost back to our house and my car started smoking. And I had an, I had like Burger King in my car. And I fully had to pull over. I called And. I had to cancel the Uber. Oh They were probably so distraught 'cause I And I messaged him.


I go, I'm so sorry my car broke down. They probably thought I was lying so I could eat it A hundred percent. but I feel Like it. If you were gonna steal someone's Uber Eats, you wouldn't choose Burger King. I think I might. Bebe also worked. I do like Burger King a lot. Honestly like let's not slander Burger King, Like chicken fries. She also worked as a paralegal. She called herself ay paralegal. That was like something like your mom got you into, right? Yeah, my mom was a paralegal and then she was a office manager at a law firm. So that's kind of how I got that job. And honestly it was fun. I liked it. It was extra money. And I was driving down to Orange County a few times a week to do That. It's so funny to me. And honestly it's admirable because I don't like transitioning. Like I don't like change.


So I don't like to have a new job ever. I want you to have a new job. I want you to be a full-time friend of mine. I wanna talk about some things that are going on online right now. Okay. First up, ice Spice and her Poop Fetish. Poop Fetish. You know, you don't know about it? No. First Of all, I spice is on my shit list right now. I'll tell you why. Obviously we have the whole situation going on with Central C and Mads. If you guys are not up to date, Mads was in a relationship for the past three years with Central C. He started posting with Ice Spice. They had a song coming out on his verse. He was like talking about how he's a serial cheater and he loves cheating on his girlfriend and he loves cheating on her with Ice Spice.


Okay. It's Insane. And so then he pops out with Ice Spice at Chrome Hearts and Like. It's a whole thing. Whatever Mads makes her videos about it, she makes like four videos or something. All of them have like 50 million views. And for the most part, people are very supportive of her the same way they were of me. Like very on her side. 'cause like no one likes To get cheated on. No one likes To get lied to. Yeah, it's horrible. Okay. And I didn't like the situation 'cause I was not loving the way that everyone is coming for Ice Spice. 'cause I'm like, we don't blame the girl. We blame fucking stench. Okay. Yeah. Until she started posting things that were def that she's definitely not a girl's girl. That's exactly right. So I'm over here like, no it's not Ice Spices fault. Like I loved Ice Spice. I was such a fan of hers.


Yeah. Ironically Mad or Madeline And I went to her well with you. Oh yeah. Went to see her. Like that was our number one priority at Coachella. Happy was to go see Ice Spice. Madeline even said it in her blog. She was like, the only person we cared about this day is Ice Spice. Like we were so s like we loved her. We Left Billie Eilish set at the Do lab to see Ice Spice, And I. I got my phone stolen. I did not care 'cause I was not missing Ice Spice for shit. Okay, tell me why. iPic posts a video the other day doing three bad, bad pushups. By the way, not even proper pushups. Caption mood when I steal Hub Man's. Oh No Ice. That's embarrassing.


It's fucking humiliating. Well she could have just sat back And I like everyone would've been like still like still liked her. Yeah. But now I'm like, you're weird as fuck. And so now I feel no guilt talking about her poop fetish. So what's the poop fetish? She can't stop talking about, she mentions poop in every single One of her songs. It's giving John Mayer, It's giving John Mayer, giving John Mayer. I, I told that story one time on Cancelled, but I didn't say his name. But now you know. Oh sorry. Yeah. John Mayer has a poop fetish about he likes this is what I've heard. I don't really know anyone personally, but apparently he likes when girls shit on him. Yeah. Or shit on tables and he'll sit below it. Ew. That's what I heard. I mean, hey, you like what you like, I guess I think like, do you think like people in those like scenarios, they just have sex with so many people that they just like run out of like things that turn them on?


Well yeah, that's Like Leonardo DiCaprio has to have sex with headphones on. Did you Know that? I get that though. Maybe he's like listening to it. Maybe he's listening to the Cancelled podcast number three in the nation. I wouldn't blame him. We just came across a TikTok where I think I touched on this a little bit in the last episode. I was like, because people were accusing Clinton of fabricating the texts in his like receipts and he fabricated some stuff but not the texts. Okay. I was unfortunately saying, saying those things like I One of the texts was like, good Morning princess. Which I thought was like funny. Like it, that's like degrading like Good morning princess. I can confirm it was real, but I will not allow you to slander me about it because you unironically called your ex-boyfriend Poo Short for Pooky.


Okay. It was ahead of the curve. Okay. We called each other Pooky poo for short. It was a whole thing For years. I would, it'd be one thing If you were just like in the privacy of your own home talking to him, but it was Like it, she'd be like, well I can't poo's coming over. Like, I would say it so, so ass like embarrassing. Okay. To be fair, we started dating when I was 19. Okay, gimme a break. If somebody called me Pooh, I would literally kill myself on the spot. He and I know I didn't make suicide jokes. He Liked it but he ate that shit up that that poo up. He ate that P Up. No Jail. Sorry. I hate him so much. Keep posing in front of car. Seriously. Thank you to my ex-boyfriend for my dog. That's the only thing I have to say.


Speaking of motherhood, I got another cat. She got another cat. What's his name? I got Another cat. I named him Mouse. but I need to explain to everybody how it happened. Oh yeah. And baby can back me up on this because I did get my cat from a breeder. Okay. Which is like something I'm, I've been openly against. Like obviously I adopted Murph and that's what you should do. There are, so there are literally so many tens of thousands of cats, if not more, that need to be adopted and are not being adopted because of stupid fucking backyard breeders. Okay. And I know that. And I. I've been like, I've been so open about that. Alright, that being said, I did accidentally buy a cat from a breeder. And let me tell you how it happened. We were, we were spiraling that day.


I was spiraling. It was after we filmed, we sat down and filmed last time Bibe was here. But we filmed, it was me 10 and Paige earlier that day. I'd had a meeting in a meeting at like my new agency, And I Like. it was an amazing meeting. It was all like really good news. but I, it really overwhelmed me. And I was in like already a phase of being like very overwhelmed. And I was talking to Bibe about it. Like, like I cannot believe this life is real. And it like really it just, I just get so emotional over it. And I like cannot handle it. And like can't. I just, I can't ever handle my emotions generally. And Every time you cry, I have to cry. Yeah. That's the night we were crying at Cheesecake Factory. Yeah. And so maybe me and Bebe, she's just as emotionally unstable as I am. Sometimes more so sometimes she was my girl and we went to The Grove. That's our happy place.


That's where you see babies And. you see dogs And. you go if you're sad. That's Sephora. Brandy Melville. We Went to The Grove. We're walking around and we pass. Well I didn't even see him. Yeah. So I saw a cat on the table and it was just sitting there like so perfectly And, I go, oh my God. Brooke. 'cause I, first of all, first of all, I'm not a huge cat girl until I met Murphy. but I obviously know Brooke is. So I was like, oh my God, Brooke look. And it was a tiny little baby bangle kitten. So tiny And I sat on just tr I was like, I, I wish I could get a bangle, but like people in line would kill me. And so that was a bad setup for me. Like stepping out all of a sudden With the bangle because it looks like I Like it was premeditated.


but I, swear to God you guys, it wasn't I know now that this is like a scheme that they have going on. Like, these guys sit with one Bengal at a time at the Grove until someone buys it and then they bring another one and another one. I didn't know that at the time. I was like, oh my God, this is their last Bengal. Yeah. I have to have it. Wait, I didn't even know this. Yeah, that's a thing that it's one I know because Ari was at The Grove the next day And he had another one and he Had a different one. You're kidding. Swear to God. That's so crazy. Send a picture of it. But did you say it too? Like you're like, I would never get a Bengal unless it was literally just placed in front of me and it was, yeah. Well I said if it fell into my lap, this one didn't fall into my lap. I paid a lot of money for it. But, But it was still at the Grove at the same time as us. On the same day at I was, was, I was going through such an emotional Like.


it was just so emotionally overwhelming. Like what I was already going through. And like I saw the cat and for some reason like the universe convinced me like, this is a sign and I know it's wrong. But also, where was that cat gonna end up? Like someone had To get that cat. Yeah. He doesn't wanna Go to the Grove every day. No And I. Think we were talking about this and it was so calm. We think that the breeder was sedating him. No. To Go to the grove. No. I hope not. I hope not either. But he was so calm and then we took him home and he's not, He's not calm. He's a bangle and he's exactly like having a puppy. He literally eat. I saw him eat an entire inn out burger the other day. He ate all the, the Kylie cosmetic crumble Cookies. He's so, okay, well first of all, he didn't eat that. He's trying. I'm not let, I'm I'm not a bad mom.


No, he's so cute. He's sweet. And now he's my little baby and his name is Ma. We have Murphy and Mouse. Mouse Murphy. And they love each other. They're getting along so well. I they're finally allowed to be alone together. We Love them so much. I love Murphy. Kamala Harris used my sound on TikTok. I not only my like, it's not just a regular sound. Like Kamala Harris used me shading Clinton Cain like literally saying that he needs money for therapy in an attempt to shade Donald Trump. Like on her actual like Kamala headquarters account. I think Donald Trump and Clinton Cain should be friends. I Think they, no, I don't think Donald would even like Clinton. I Don't think anyone would like him. But honestly I think that's like the final boss. You know, when you like, don't even know what your real revenge plan is until it happens.


Like, that was mine. Like that poor man had to see like literally vice president Kamala Harris, like future president Perhaps he Had to have seen it. Right? Had Someone said it to him. You know what's so funny? He's, you know, he is like in his series, he was like six my, I've had these friends for six years. Yeah. They messaged me and they were like, this is fucking hilarious. Obviously Kamala herself is not sitting on TikTok and like making edits of herself. So I like, I can't identify that. But Like, it doesn't matter. It's all the same to me. But She has to be singing it too. That's hilarious. That's, That's an odd job that you should pick up is like being One of those like people who's behind those social media accounts. 'cause like they're Like always like chilies. I'm like, chilies, hire me. Seriously.


No, honest to God, like the Empire State Building, for example, has shaded Clinton like six different times. So funny. The actual Like real social media accounts of the Empire State Building That's so good. Have posted in favor of me like five different times. And then they messaged me and said, do you want to come tell your story at the top? Social media is so unserious now. It's just Like. It's so good. It Is. And like how do you explain this to like imagine us e even right now. Like imagine us explaining this to Our children. No, To ourselves in 2018. Oh that too. To like, imagine me explaining this to you. Living in the living room With my red curtain. It was a bedsheet. She had a bedsheet that separated her room from Lila's Room.


The craziest part is that that's when I had a boyfriend and he would come stay and it would just be boom. Him and Lila. Aw that's their Hearts. Honestly I loved that era. It was really fun.


COVID-19 and flu viruses disguised themselves to fool your immune system. That's why COVID-19 and flu vaccines are updated to protect you. Stay up to date on COVID-19 and flu vaccinations sponsored by Champions for Vaccine Education equity and Progress.


I'm Victoria Cash. Thanks for calling the Lucky Land Hotline. If you feel Like, you do the same thing every day. Press one. If you're ready to have some serious fun for the chance to redeem some serious prizes, press two. We heard you loud and clear. So Go to lucky lands slots.com right now and play over a hundred social casino style games for free. Get lucky today@luckylandslots.com. No Purchase necessary B GW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Have you seen the Ballerina Farms? Everything that's going on at Ballerina Farms? I Saw some, I have no idea what it is. Like. I'm confused. I don't wanna, it's hard. It's a lot to explain, but a lot of people are asking us to talk about it on Cancelled. Basically Like, it was this article that was written about this girl, I forget her name, but she is a ballerina. Okay. And she had been admitted to Julliard on a full ride scholarship, which Julliard is like extremely hard. To get into, you get in like, it's like a 5%, five to 8% in mission rate. It used to be My dream. Yeah, me too. And I. Like for a while. Like Brooke. Yeah. but I was like, I can't relate to that. I like literally that Voice love music stuff. but I was ballerina though.


That's so cool. but I wanted to go, so, but it doesn't matter. She gets, she gets admitted and then she meets this guy and basically he like really persists. She wasn't interested in first and then he like coerced her. His dad owns an airline. Like he's, he comes from a billionaire family owns an airline and he like literally strategically planned to be seated next to her on a flight so that they would like get to know each other. And that was their like first date. And like slowly but surely, like they got to know each other. It doesn't matter. He coerced. Coerced her is the way that it is portrayed in the article to marry him. Okay. Okay. Doesn't Go to Julliard instead moves to a rural farm. Me Coded You going to North Carolina.


I would Do that. I think, I think we would do this. This is like why? This is like interesting. So she, she drops all her dreams that she's been working toward her whole entire life. And now she's living randomly on a farm doing every like a full tra wife. Like does makes everything from scratch. She's drinking like milk. Straight out the otter. Yeah. Nara Smith acting. She has eight kids. No, Nara Smith is not a real tri wife. She just wears a dress. She's iconic. I love her. I love her so much too. But she's not a tri, she's not on the farm. Yeah, yeah, yeah. but I mean like making, I don't even know what tried wife means by the way. Oh. But, but It's kind of shitty 'cause like the way that the article is written, it's like, it's like the writer of the article had an agenda. So it's like they, no matter what they were gonna portray this to be like, kind of like an abusive situation.


'cause it, it makes it like the reader feel like she's trapped. The baller is trapped and she has no other choice. And she's, her life has been ruined by this man who has millions of dollars or billions of dollars. And instead makes her take care of these eight kids on a farm by herself. I'll trade places with her Because he's a billionaire. He doesn't spend any money on her. Guess who he got her for his, her birthday. What Guess the people at home were like, she's never gonna guess. He got her a, all she wanted to do was Go to Grace Ohoh. The only thing that she wanted to Go to do was Go to Greece. She's been talking about it. Non fucking stop. His fucking family owns an airline. Brooke Baldwin. Guess what he got her? I'm scared. An egg apron.


An egg apron An apron that holds eggs so she can hold like 12 eggs at once. Her apron. I was thinking like, I was imagining like eggs On the AP apron. So was I, yeah. I had to do my research like Some yellow eggs. Okay. But it's kind of shitty. That's their family. Oh, aw. This. But this is like a good example of the way that I am a vic. Like a a, an extreme victim to like, I don't wanna say propaganda. I like, I believe everything that I read online. Okay. And it like, I can so easily be swayed either way. 'cause like I read that article, And I was like, oh my god, this woman is trapped, she's a victim. She, her dreams were crushed and ruined. And now she's like literally tied down to this stupid fucking farms With eight kids.


But then I started watching other videos about it and people were like, she chose to do that. No one's holding her captive. Like, I mean she has eight kids. That's a beautiful life. Yeah. Like it's not like this whole negative thing. And like she didn't know that the writer was like, gonna make the article seem that way. Like she kind of got got Yeah. I know how I feel about it. Your life could be so much worse than having eight kids on a farm. My question to you is, do you think that that would happen to you? Do you think that a guy could get you to give up your dreams for your whole life? Just to Go to a farm? Because I Think if you would've asked me three years ago, I would've say, I would say yes. But now no. You don't think so? No, I don't think so. I think I still would. Oh, I think I still have Like you.


Your farms. No, not even just the farm of it all. It's Like. you could tell me like you're taking me to a spaceship and I'd be like, yeah, I love Spaceships. I think it depends. I think if it was like a healthy thing, like yes and like I wanted like peace and quiet then maybe. but I don't think as of right now as a 25-year-old living in Los Angeles. No. But she loves, she loves the city. Every time she goes to the city, she'll be so excited. She would vlog and she'd be like, I'm in the city, I'm so happy, yada yada. It's fun. And then the very next clip would be like, oh, we rented a farmhouse outside the city. Because like, Oh that's really sad. It's sad. Like he doesn't like to be in the city. But she does. It kind of reminds me of my mom. I mean, I feel like most people just kind of like settle. And that's what I'm scared of.


Like personally, I just don't wanna like being m like that I'm not ex exactly like excited about. Like that's really sad. I would much, I just saw a clip of like Julia Fox and Drew Barrymore. She's talking about like, drew was like, what if you end up like me, like my age and you're still single. And Julia's like, yeah. And you're happy. Yeah. And she's like, oh right. I am. Yeah. You're so right. Like most people. Most people or like not, I don't, I don't wanna say most, but a lot of people who are married aren't happy. Yeah. That's Facts. And so it's like, like we aspire to that. But I know way more unhappy married people than I know happy p married people. And same thing with relationships. I know way more people who are unhappy in their relationships than I do. People who are happy in their relationships. Yeah.


But why is that the number one thing I strive for? That's why I said, I said one time that I have the best kind of relationship that you can have, which is a strong, perfect, flawless, amazing female friendship. Quite unfortunate. And she would never leave me for a man again. Now would she? I would never, I hands down would never do that again. I didn't leave you for a man. I was like, yeah, whatever. Like I was down, I was down bad. Okay. I like For a man who poses in front of cars. Okay. I, that's my like one, like biggest ick is like a man who poses in front of cars and it's not even your car. Hey, he's happy now. It's fine. Whatever. Yeah. He's happy now. I'm better off. He's better off. Do You watch Sex in the City?


I have watched a few episodes. And. I'm gonna tell you that I did not pay attention. Okay, well you need to start it. And I know. Say this to you about Yeah, I do know that I'm Carrie and like, not in like a stylish like way or like good writer way. I'm Carrie in the, like I can't shut the fuck up about my own self kind of way. Can't stop talking about myself. Can't stop talking about my problems. And my men. That's my And I. I notice it about Myself. I'm definitely Carrie. I think You would love the show though. But what? I, what I'm, I bring it up because they are all like a lot older than us. Like even at the start of the show, they're a lot older than us and all of them are single. And that's like a thing in New York. I feel like in New York it's like kind of similar to LA where everyone settles down a lot later.


But it's hard like, 'cause you see the people from your hometown and shit and you're like, why do you have four kids already? But also like, I see people from my hometown that are married and divorced already at 25. I'm like, I'm good. I'll pass. Yeah. It couldn't be me. But also they, They like, they seem happy though too. 'cause they have like a little child running around and they're happy, whatever. but it personally could be me. I Guess I had One of, so I Like, you know this about me already. I have like literally like seven people that I can name on my hands that I've like been obsessed with in life. Like, because I've always, I always have to have somebody that I'm like, like painfully obsessed With debilitating. Like To where I cannot function. Like there's always somebody, there's somebody right now, there was somebody last You. know what I mean? Yeah. Like there's always somebody and One of the, my seventh grade.


Like, like love of my life. Like. it made me so sick. I would like throw up about it. Ask me if he could come to our Arizona show. Oh my God. Is he coming? He's coming. You're coming backstage. You can come. You coming. You can come to the meet and greet. I can't help it. No, I'm the same way. Yeah. You're like psycho Like you. No, I'm the same way. I had like this crush in high school that was like actually Like. it took over my life. And we were family friends. And I was just so in love with him. And I remember being so excited about like fifth period because I had a photography class and he was in band class at the time. And I had the power because the band teacher loved me. So I would go in there and be like, Hey, can I borrow da da da? And he'd be like, yeah. And so then me and my little crush would go run around.


And he used to drive me home from school. And. I was just like so happy about it. And now and he didn't want anything to do with me. Okay. Well I think he had a crush on me. But you know, in high school, like he was, he, he just wasn't gonna date me. He was dating like five of my friends at the same time. Mood. And now he hits me up all the time and is in love with me and literally doesn't leave me alone. So it's very like, that's so satisfying, validating and satisfying. but I was just like that too, where I'd be like, oh my God, I'm gonna see fucking Christian broadest on the way to seventh period. That's such a bad example. Like, but like I would, I love having a crush. Like it's my fucking favorite thing on the planet. We were talking about this at dinner, but like, I lo like nothing makes me more excited than having a crush. Like literally, I don't care if I'm fucking 27 years old.


I want, I have a crush right now. You know my crush? Yes. And it's Like it literally, I, that's what I think about like morning, noon and night. And I don't know this man at all. Oh my God. And I'm just thinking like everything I do, everything I post, everything you guys have seen me post lately is with intent. To get this man's attention. Just know that. And it has not worked. Hasn't worked. She's over here posting on her Snapchat story. Wait, That's a different one. Oh, I didn't know we what you were talking about. No, I do have, I you, you know which one's the ath athlete. Athlete. 'cause he's got me posting on fucking Snapchat. Yeah. Well my crush has me, had me downloading Snapchat about a month ago.


Who was this? Oh, you know, Well you don't, I mean you don't have to like say, say, You know the one that like broke my heart Just yesterday? Yes. Oh, okay. Yeah. I know he had me downloading Snapchat about a month ago. And I purposefully Snapchat him every day. I don't Snapchat a single other person to keep, I Don't even, I don't even have like, Like I don't use Don't don have you on Snapchat. Don No Shade to Snapchat. But like, Snapchat was like my college thing. You know what I mean. Yeah. Like I haven't used Snapchat since then. Yeah. So it's so funny 'cause I'm like, I like, why am I logging into Snapchat? Yeah. I deleted my Snapchat four years ago and I'm like, I'm that down bad that I'm downloading Snapchat for my crush.


Like It. Okay. but I'm like anything to talk to him. But that's my second crush. He's second on the, okay. Second on the lineup right now. Oh. But he, at any point he could be bumped up to first. Okay. Wait, who was the first one? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I know. I don't know why that went over my head.


COVID-19 and Flu viruses disguise themselves to fool your immune system. That's why COVID-19 and flu vaccines are updated to protect you. Stay up to date on COVID-19 and flu vaccinations sponsored by Champions for Vaccine Education equity and Progress


With, the lucky Land sluts. You can get lucky just about anywhere. This is your captain speaking. We've got clear runway and the weather's fine, but we're just gonna circle up here a while and get lucky. No, no, nothing like that. It's just these cash prizes add up quick. So I suggest you sit back, keep your tray table upright and start getting lucky. Play for free@luckylandsslots.com. Are you feeling lucky? No purchase necessary. BGW Gray. Avoid were prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


I have a story that I want to tell on Cancelled, but I, I don't think I can tell it on Cancelled, but I can tell it on Patreon. I can, I can tell a story really quickly about It's so good. It's so something horrible that happened to me. Tana or Bibe? And. I went to a role model concert the other night. Okay. And after the concert we got like pretty drunk and we went to Mel's Diner trigger warning. While Mel's diner, we stayed for an undisclosed amount of time. It's really unclear. And I. I'm careful not to state that these days we Go to Mel's Diner. We order everything on the menu. It doesn't matter. We're having the time of our lives And. I'm fucking blacked out. So I'm just feeling, I'm feeling spunky on Instagram. I'm scared. And I. See One of my old crushes.


Like a guy that I had a crush on probably two years ago. Post a story and I'm like feeling funky. So I'm Like. you know what, let me slide up on this story and something subtle. I said, I am in love with you. Okay. Which could have, could have been smoother than that. but I I chose not to. I said, I am in love with you Aaron. Do you, would you like to know what he responded to me? You're Gonna die. He said Brooke on a rest in peace story. He was getting a tattoo for a loved one that just died. It was a rest in peace story that I fucking responded to. I literally slid up thirsty as fuck on a rest in peace story.


I, I'm not kidding, I've never been so mortified in my entire life. I was like, there's no fuck. I literally shriveled up. I'm never having sex again. I'm literally like no longer even like I have no crushes ever. Because how fucking disturbing and disrespectful. It was hilarious. But to be fair though, Like It was, he was getting attacked was, it was not clear to be Like. it was literally like, love you so much. Yeah, he's a tattoo. Hard Angel. Hilarious Though. It's not, not funny, of course it's not funny. But like, just the fact that that happened to me, I was like, I was so mortified. I could not believe it. He ate It up. And that was only One of two horrible things that I did online this week. But what? The second story I do think I have to stay, stay for Patreon.


'cause it's pretty like Yeah, It's bad. Say it last. They wanna know the pressing the pressing question is, I'm scared. Your favorite thing about me. Oh, my favorite thing about you. Aw, You. Wait. That was cute. How you were ready to answer. Yeah. I have a lot of favorite things about you. I, I don't really see much wrong with you if I'm being honest, but I have always loved how emotional you are. And Like you cry at the same things I cry about and like, you're just so grateful and just like really genuine. And I like that. You also Wait, stop. I'll cry right now. Don't but I. Don don't Cry. No, I don't know. I feel like we just have similar like morals and you're just very cute and happy and sweet.


I love you. That's my favorite thing about you too, I think because sometimes I feel crazy and I know, if I come to you with something, you're gonna just be like, yeah. But also I like when I come to you and I'm like, am I being crazy? And you're like, yeah, you're being crazy but I'm Like you would do the same thing. Yeah. But that's how I know. Yeah. I, I can identify it because I can, I I've seen it in myself. But You're just, you're very supportive and don't cry. I Won't, You're very supportive and like, oh, like is this gonna be a fan edit of our touching toes? Makes sense. No, you're just really supportive and you're very vocal on like how much you love people around you, which I really love.


That is so nice. Yeah. I don't know. I just love you. I think you're the best. I love you. That's so nice. She's my favorite. I mean it. Aw, that Makes me really happy. Okay, well you know What? Wait, what about me? My favorite thing about you is you're the best friend ever. And. you don't ask for anything in return. Like I feel like you always like go above and beyond and like do things for me that like, I would never even first of all even ask you to do. And second of all, like just nobody would just like do outta nowhere. Like, you know what I need before I need it. And you'll like, I don't know. You're just the best. And Like you said so emotional. So like, I I can, I can count on you like meeting me there. Yeah. Always. I think it's just mental illness.


I don't know. I think it's like, but I think it's just something different 'cause it's a positive thing. Like I would just love to be as emotional as I am. I think we Also have like some kind of like soul connection though that like makes us like, like when you cry, I cry. Like there's just like no way that you're crying. I, I'm not, I do, I'm never like, I've genuinely never felt, I always say this but like closer to a person because I like, I don't know. I've just never had a friend that I feel that close to. but I Like, it was immediate Like. you know, you do remember the first time we ever like, I'm pretty sure literally the second time we ever met, we had a sleepover and just cuddled the whole night. Was that my house? Yeah. Yeah. In your living room? Yeah. Oh My living room. And like I had a room like why were we sleeping in the living room? I don't know. You had the master bedroom. What were we doing?


But We were just like already in love. And I. Just have loved you ever since. Aw, I love you. Let's see what else people wanna know. You can ask me that question again. People wanna know what's the status on you and Bobby? I love Bobby. He's cool. Comment down below if you shit Bibe and Bobby. Oh God, I do. I love Bob personally. I I love Bobby. I love Bobby. Bobby's a cutie. And. I like his big baggy pants. Yeah, he Looks like Paul Walker. He Does look like Paul Walker. Rest in peace. Rest in peace. What is your craziest hookup story? Oh God. My craziest hookup story. It's not really like a hookup story 'cause I didn't really hook up With the person, but I one day was, I was hit up by this musician, And.


I was out with this girl who was a really good friend of mine and he wanted to Uber me to his house to hang out. And I had previously hung out with him like a year and a half before this. And so this girl that I was with at the time was hooking up with his childhood best friend. Right. Okay. And he was like, we'll call you an Uber. I was like, okay, cool. And, you like love this guy. I don't love this guy, but like, But you're like excited. I Was excited. You're like, I was excited. Yeah. I was excited about it. Obviously Like, it was cool, like whatever. But every other bitch is excited. You know what I mean. Yeah. So anyway, so she was like, And. I was deep in the valley at the time and my friend was with me and she was like, do you care if I come with you in the Uber? Like I'm gonna Uber from his house so it's closer to my house. And I was like, yeah, of course. Like, no problem.


And so we're getting closer and she was like, I have to pee really bad. Like, do you think I can come inside and pee really quick? And then I'll leave And? I was like, like, sure, I guess like, kind of weird. 'cause I didn't tell him that she was with me. And so she comes inside, we're hanging out, she pees, she doesn't leave. I'm like, okay. Like, hmm, it's fine. Whatever. We're vibing. 'cause we're playing guitar and like singing and stuff. And then we all go into the room. Me, her, and him. It's him, me in the middle and her. I fall asleep for about 45 minutes to an hour. And. I. Wake up. I in a panic 'cause I'm like, oh my God, where am I? By the way, it was like probably seven or eight in the morning. I forget. I wake up, she's gone.


He's gone. So I'm like, where am I? I get up, I run into him in the hallway and he goes, oh, she left. Like, let's go lay down. And. I was like, okay, cool. So him And, I go lay down. And he starts kissing me. And I'm like, okay, I'm confused. Like, because originally I thought that's kind of what the vibe was and then it like wasn't that vibe. And then it was, anyway, and then he gets up randomly and was like, I don't feel good. I'm gonna go lay in the other room. Whatever. And I was like, okay. And so I go check on him, he's sleeping. And I'm like, what the fuck? So I'm like, I'm gonna Uber my ass calling. See you later. Okay. And I tried to wake him up. And I was like concerned honestly. I was like, is he breathing? I'm like checking his pulse and I'm texting her and I'm like, I can't get an Uber to save my life.


I'm like up in the hills somewhere. And she's like, oh, I'll come pick you up. Long story short, two weeks later I find out she comes over and she tells me, Hey, I've been meaning to tell you this for a while. I felt so guilty. No, I fucked him. She fucked him while I was asleep in the bed. And then he proceeded to invite you into bed. Yes. Hook up with you. Made it out with me. Thank God I didn't hook up with him like I just made out with him. That's it. It didn't go any further than that. That is fucked. The biggest blessing. Death, but also penalty. So disgusting. You just literally fucked a girl in the same house that I was in that you, first off, you invited me here. You didn't invite her here.


Yeah. What the fuck? So, but the whole time she obviously was trying to weasel her way in. And by the way, literally two weeks before this talk your shit Bebe Talk my shit. Two weeks before this, we were at his fucking show at the Greek theater. While she's hooking up with his childhood best friend, his childhood best friend brought us to the Greek theater to see him. Oh, She's, she got, she hit the whole team. And so, But I think that was her plan all along. Like genuinely. Yeah. To Like she was doing that To get to him. Yeah. A thousand percent. Ew. What a Ew. I hate That so much. So weird. So crazy. Honestly, it broke my heart though. 'cause like I would, I considered her to be One of my like, closest friends.


And I didn't think that sh her out of like, anyone would do that to me. That's so fucking terrifying though. Like, I can't, Ima like, if, if I knew you were into somebody and like, even if the guy was like making any like, or maybe he was like interested in me or whatever, I would just shut it down immediately. You know what I mean, like, yeah. And that, that's happened to me before. Remember I was like, I was hanging out with you, you know this story. but I had a friend for a while. Like, she was like a close friend of mine. But Like it would happen often where like I would bring her around guys that I liked or like I was talking about or whatever. And like, they would take interest in her 'cause she was like perfect and gorgeous and beautiful. Yeah. And she would ugh, like feed into it so hard. And I'd be like, wait. It's like, why are you, why are you entertaining it that much?


Yeah. It's crazy. What I remember one time I like, I, I went to go meet up with a guy, And I brought her with me. 'cause she was, and she was like, oh my God, you guys, it'd be so cute. Like this is everything. Like I'll come with you. I'll ease it up. Like I'll make it less pressure. Whatever. Yeah. Comes with me is sitting on his lap. Like, no, it has to be like an insecurity thing. She Started fully dating him after that. Yeah. That's crazy. I was like, I mean I, I give her the credit of like, her coming to me and like telling me the truth and like, no, but That's too late. She picked you up that night? She Picked me up. She fucked him and then left and went on a hike, then came back, picked me up and then let me talk about it for literally two weeks. That's what gives me like, not, I hate, I hate that you're gonna let me talk about this guy and like, oh my God, that's also Like.


it, it just goes with like anything, anyone who knows something that you don't, it's so embarrassing. Like it's like so embarrass. People know you're getting cheated on or something. Embarra and you're like, Yeah. And you're like posting the person like, like I'm just so grateful I didn't hook up with him. And. I. Not only did I feel Like it, well First of all to do With, the guy. I can name five people that he's given chlamydia. Me too. So we're gonna say, we're gonna go ahead and say I dodged a bullet. You did. He's he's a, he's a nice person. Like and we Are gonna see him this weekend. Yeah. We're gonna see him this weekend at two separate festivals. Oh, me and Bibi are going to Canada this weekend. Yeah. I'm so excited. I've never left the country. We're going to Montreal. Wait, how do you say Montreal? Montreal. Montreal. Montreal. Montreal. Montreal. Montreal. I don't know. I said it in my video and everyone was like, wrong.


Montreal. Montreal. Montreal. I know Montreal. But we're Going to Chicago. We're gonna, we're going to Lollapalooza. We're Going to Lollapalooza for one day and then we're going Oceania Festival in Montreal for Three days. So we're really excited. It's gonna be good. The lineups are like pretty, like I'm similar. I'm excited. We're gonna see Renee rap and Chap Rome Chapel Ru You don't like chapel room? Like I like chapel wrap. I do knee deep in the passeng in passenger seating. And you're eating Me out. Is it casual? It's never casual. It Is my favorite song. And I showed it to this man who was ruining my life recently and now I know he's probably showing it to some other bitch. You know what's really funny? So my current situationship that's happening, that's like literally ruining my life. I called my ex Situationship the one prior to this. The one Who lives in a garage.


The one that lives in a shack. Of course we love him though. Honestly, she Didn't tell me until a year in that this man lived in his garage. Not that it's like no shade living in your garage. but I feel like that's something you tell your friend. He's Saving so much money. Yeah. I mean, no. And he shares it. He shares the garage. It's like there's no shame in that. But it's just something I would've liked to know from the beginnings. He's so Funny though. Like I just love him. Like I just love him as a person. So like whatever. But I'm over here calling my ex Situationship about my new situationship being like, what the fuck is like going, what Is going on? And Well That's honestly like a really smart idea because it's like if anyone knows what's going through his head, it's him. Yeah. And he told me he's not anything to do with me. Oh, that brings me to a subject. He doesn't know anything.


No. I literally go, you're delusional. I'm like, I think I'm the delusional one. But that brings me to my next topic. The almost girlfriend And I am the queen of the almost girlfriend I am too. IFI fear we we stand on that throne together. We're Good luck charms for our guys. It's, yeah. What is, what do they call it? Good luck, Chuck. When you're like the person, somebody dates before they end up in a like, committed relationship. Yeah. That's what happens to me every time too. Every Single time. Without fail, I am always the girl Right Before a guy gets into a relationship and it's always like, I'm just not ready. I like, I don't want a girlfriend right now. Yes you do. You just don't want me. Yeah. That's what just happened to me. Are you kidding? I, I go 11 months. I'm not ready for a relationship.


And the second he's ready, he's got someone else lined up. Yeah. A thousand percent. I mean I was talking to Ex Situationship and he was telling me about this girl, how he's so heartbroken over and she's fucking with him and like seeing other people and like sleeping with other people and he knows about it. And, I look her up and she's the complete opposite of me. She's literally like clean girl blonde. Like, Hey, you're hot. Thank you. No, but it's just, that's not the point. She's still hot. But like it's just, the point is, is exact opposite of me. Was I not, I I Guess like I wasn't your friend. That Helps though. Like I, it's so much better in my opinion for like to see a guy end up with somebody who's no one, nothing Like you.


Yeah. Than some like end up with somebody who's just like me. Yeah. And like, and then it's like, why was it not me then? Exactly. No. Yeah. I would, I would rather it be someone so complete opposite from me 'cause it makes me feel less Shit. Yeah. Like I want the bitch to be doing sound baths. Yeah. Like You know what I mean. I want like sound baths Going on hikes You know what I mean. Like, hey, I hike, I hike You Go to aloe. I hike. I literally wrangled a snake yesterday right off the Street. I know to do that. That was crazy. Was it a garden snake? No, he was a bull snake. Call Rob. Rob. Hey Rob. If I see a guy that's happened to me a few times where like a guy will end up with somebody who literally is like, just like me or does the same thing in the same field and like, I'll be like, wait, okay then I, it must be me. My aunt personality just, just sucks.


I don't think your personality sucks. I think what it is, 'cause I also have that doubt about myself. But then I'm also like, I low key. I am that bitch like You know what I mean. Like you, You. It's not low key. It's Not lowkey at all. Nothing Low key about It. I am that bitch. But I think it honestly has to do with like men not being able to handle like a big personality and like them being insecure and like weird about it. I know. But then it's like, are are we One of those people who are like, ugh, they just, we're just too much for them. We're way too funny and smart for them. I'm gonna choose to believe that that is that I know, but am I living my life in delusion? Like we don't answer that. Okay. Yes. Literally don't answer that. We are. But Honestly, I'd rather be delusional than have my feelings hurt all the time. Yeah, that's true. I don't like to feel insecure. And I honestly don't feel insecure.


That's the thing. Like I, I have transitioned into like if a guy doesn't want me, I, I think it's a him problem. I think he has bad taste. It's a Yeah, if for sure has bad taste. I think it's a him problem. I think there's nothing wrong with us At all. We're perfect Literally at all. but Don don't know. I, yeah, I'm always almost girlfriend. I'm used to it at this point. Or it's like I'm in a situation. No. Did you ever, how many, okay, look at that guy for example that we were just talking about. You're not your last or Situationship, but the one before it, you look at him and you're like, God, think Jesus Lord, that I did not end up with him. Yeah. I look at every single guy I've ever talked about on this podcast. And, I. Think that same thing. Like, what was I thinking? Like I would never wanna end up with that guy.


Yeah. So I feel the same way about the guy that I just ended things with. I know that like in fucking six weeks You're gonna be like, what? I'm Gonna be like hopefully less than six weeks. Honestly. No. I'm like, what a loser. I made a TikTok about this like a couple weeks ago about how grateful I am that every guy that I ever wanted to date didn't wanna date me. Like I'm so Yeah. 'cause God Grateful for it. You waste two years of your life on some dude who like fucking is like, you're not gonna marry him. No, no. And I have, I always like all these guys have been guys with qualities that I would never, ever accept in a husband. So it's like, why would I waste? Why? It's Like. You Like. you see, you know the TikTok trend right now. It's like when you see him doing this and it's Like, you immediately know that's not your husband. Like your husband would Never happen. Yeah, but my husband, my husband would never make me like Yeah. Yeah. Your husband would never make you like sweat about like, I don't know, being somewhere he's not supposed to be like, I don't know, some stupid shit.


Some Shit would, your ear rocks would do some shit. Poo would do Something Poo would do. While he's posing in front of some cards on Me. I hope he's okay. How's poo? He good. Poo sound off in the comments. He has a new girlfriend. He is happy. I Well I know, I'm sorry this wasn't our traditional format of episode. you guys, Tana And I are working together to do it right and sometimes it just doesn't work out. But she'll be back in the stew pretty soon and we'll have a Tana Bebe Brooke episode. And Paige. And Paige. I think the four of us would be fun. That would be a fun group. Yeah. I know Paige wanted the week off. We wanted to have Paige on with us. And she's I know she's taking a breather.


Yeah, because she's, she's sending this one out. Yeah, she's been doing a lot of Cancelled. She went to Barney's Beery last night. Did you know that? Where you belong? I was jealous. I love it. I lived at Barney's Beery. That was like my second home. We know that's what BB stands for. Well we love you guys. Love you. Thank you so much for listening. We miss you. See you next week. Bye.


I'm Victoria Cash. And I Wanna invite you to a place called Lucky Land, where you can play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. So what are you waiting for? The best way to discover your luck is to spin so Go to lucky land slots.com. That's lucky land slots.com And get lucky today at Lucky Land, no purchase necessary. BTW Group Boyd were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.