
What is going on? It's Shelby Sauce from Intern John and your morning show on 0 0 4 3 and football is finally back in Safeway. Make sure Ravens fans have all their game day needs to tailgate or host like a pro, whether it's in store delivery or drive up wear. An experienced Safeway associate will carefully select your groceries bag, your order, and bring it all right to your car. Don't fumble the snacks. Download the Safeway app today and spend more time enjoying the game by shopping at Safeway. The official supermarket of the Baltimore Ravens


Firehouse Subs hooking Ladder jingle, take one. Hooking ladder. Hooking ladder. When it's hot, it just taste better warm. That smokey Turkey that didn't slice hot. Guys, This is a 32nd ad. You gotta sing faster And ladder. Hook and ladder. When it's hot, it just faster taste, better Melting cheese and toast Bread, mustard mayo Purple bread. Lettuce green and on the sandwich is too big for the song. It's too big. The hook and ladder available only at participating Firehouse Subs restaurants.


Hello, Hello and welcome back to the Cancelled podcast. Cancelled Podcast Podcast. I'm like, do you see her? See, there she is. Y'all. Yeah. I'm squash the rumors. I am not yet kicked off the Cancelled podcast. Dude, So, first of all, I was just in Europe and a couple days ago, I shot an episode with Paige and Amari. And I said everything that I'm about to re-Say again? But. then obviously I flew home. And I was like, why am I gonna put out another episode that's just gonna like fuel these rumors more and like get a bunch more hate and like People think we're really beefing I Mean. obviously that just comes with this whole thing, you know?


Yeah. That people think a bunch of that's untrue. But, this is definitely One of the heights of that in my entire life. Like just opening my whole phone in every single thing I read about me, you and us in this podcast just being like the furthest possible thing from the truth. And I can like re-say all of that. I mean I was gonna just post that episode, but I felt like talking about it with Paige was kind of like gonna cause the same problem as it did last week. Yeah. We've had a little bit of issues with Paige and like Paige is getting really badly bullied. It's really frustrating to me because it's like I thought in the previous episode that I made what I was saying abundantly clear, but, and not to go like all third person narcissist on you.


When has Tana Mongeau ever said anything and made it abundantly clear and didn't, it didn't get misconstrued and people completely understood her point and yada yada. Like it just, I fear, I make some bad points sometimes too. Hey, but all I was trying to say in that episode was, I'm giving Brooke the week. Like, I want Brooke to have the week. Yeah, obviously. So then Paige subbed in for that episode and all of the fucking comments, or We want, Brooke, you're replacing Brooke, you just jumped ship so fast, yada yada, yada. And it was literally just one episode And yeah. Wait, And, I also wanna be clear. It wasn't like a like, because it, the way it sounded was almost like, like Brooke needs a second like, or needs a week.


Like I just wanted to really like intake the situation and understand what was happening and it just didn't feel like appropriate for me to sit down on the couch so Soon. I said this in the episode that we shot and I'll probably keep referencing that, but I'm just like reiterating how I've been feeling and call me the fucking villain for saying this. Okay. Like, you're not the villain. People might not like what I'm going to say right now, but I think that the situation was very much damned if you do, damned if you don't. Like if you And I sat down and filmed an episode and it went out and we were just on the couch talking about anything at all. Yeah. I think it would've been, would've been really distasteful. So angry at that. So then it's like you film with Paige and people are mad.


Like it was just one of those where I felt like it's like, yeah, And we should clarify beforehand, like Tana And I, obviously we were communicating about it. And I told her. I'm like, listen, I understand you need to say that what I said was wrong. Of course. 'cause it was, it was so wrong. And I even said in it like, I'm not coming at this from a holier than Thou perspective. Yeah. Like I don't, I'm not sitting here with the gavel saying like, you know what I mean, like that I get to condemn anyone. But it's like, I don't know, people just took it that way. And I know. It was just honestly a lot. It was a lot of people coming from a lot of different directions. Rightfully so. But I, I, I did like, it's a frustrating feeling to feel like so misunderstood. Especially like our dynamic. I just wanna say no one's getting fucking CANCELLED off the CANCELLED podcast.


And I have said this and will always say this, I truly believe that this podcast has amassed the success that it amassed because of our dynamic that, and forgive me, it's not a word, word police, but our dynamic is re creatable And. I am not a word. And I amm. So fucking, but There is a word for that. So we gotta find it. And we could, you know, but I just think it's irre creatable. Think you And I have, I think it's irreplaceable. Wait, Irreplaceable. Yes. But like I couldn't, it couldn't be recreated with any other two people. Okay. And I'm so well aware of how special that is and what you And I have been through together on and off camera, on and off stage, just in life in general.


I think most people would fucking blow up in flames. And I think we have somehow come out of it with the strongest trauma bond. Sister Bond money can buy And I wish so badly that people didn't do what they do to our relationship online because it is very highly damaging. It's hard to read a million things that aren't true about how like the, you know what I mean, but It's weird to, it's so strange to, because you almost start to intake it and it like starts to become true because it's like the, if I'm reading a thousand comments that say like, Tana hates Brooke, all of a sudden I'm like, oh my God, Tana hates Brooke. Yeah. And it's like, it's just, It's not, it's just not na it's not natural. This isn't something that like most people Yeah, it's Not that I'm bitching about go through because it comes with fame, it comes with money, it comes with the shit.


I'm not, I understand that, but I can also recognize that sometimes that is emotionally incredibly difficult to handle. Yeah. And yeah, it was just one episode and then I had to fuck off for a second. Like And, I'm, I feel really sorry. Shit's late, but I it was that or the ward folks. I feel bad that I kind of dragged you back into it. 'cause obviously you've done your whole I mean you've come back from like all of your scandals and cancellations and stuff. And, I feel like I kind of like it Back. I made videos for my apology videos. And I. I did to that. I did that too. Yes. And I am fine with doing that for the rest of my life.


Yeah. I, for everything I have ever said or done wrong, I have apologized for and like will continue to. So there's no blame towards you. Like those are still my actions. It's just like, right. I don't know, I just I mean obviously I appreciate everyone who's holding me accountable. I like, I know how horrible it was. you know what I mean? Like And I knew how horrible it was even before it, you know, blew up in my face. But I mean obviously it's like a just shitty situation. And I felt bad that so many people were hurt by it. But also like, it, like, you know what, like I needed to be held accountable. And obviously I am, how do I say this?


Well, I guess what I'm wanting to say is like, I'm fucking proud of you. I think that you like stood at the forefront of all of this and you are willing to continue to, and you understand that there will be a lot of people that won't forgive you, but you also will never stop trying. And I appreciate that. I did, I spoke about it a little bit on TikTok, but like, there is like, honestly a typical like PR formula obviously for this kind of situation. I think this is being a more well human. I just, I like, I did feel like really remorseful and like I, it sucks that like, you know, I put out my first apology and it was like so hyper emotional and it was, I pretty much said all the wrong things, you know, what I mean. But it was like, that was truly like my natural reaction. And like everything that has come after that is just like how it's really happened for me.


But I don't know, like it just, it didn't make sense for me to just like ignore, like, I couldn't have ignored it because it was like, like I, I, I feel so much shame over that already And, I have felt shame over that and obvi like these tweets aren't like something that's new to me. I've known about them. you know what I mean? So it made me feel like just horrible. I wanted to make sure that people knew and like, of course I know like how much I've changed and how much like my thought processes like have changed since I've, you know, grown up and got away from, you know, Arizona and my family and stuff. And like, I can't expect everybody else to know that. But I said this on the podcast with Paige. But like, I went to your apartment a couple weeks ago and there was a stack of books up to the size of my head on you continuing to want to do research.


And I'm seeing all of the active things you're doing behind the scenes. So I know that, and like I said in the last episode, the brook that I have known is not that person, but acknowledging that there's always more growth to be done is beautiful. And, I think sometimes too, there's like a lot of shame sometimes, like, like to be ignorant. Like sometimes people don't want to ask questions and stuff because they feel like it's like, oh, you're too old to not know this. But like, I like obviously like there, you know, I was a Republican or whatever. Like I don't, I didn't know anything about politics until I was like an adult. you know what I mean? I didn't know anything about what I was talking about, but I wanted people to think I knew what I was talking about. you know, I mean me every day. That's, yeah.


And that's the thing, it's like, it's comes down like to what, like a common theme on Cancelled anyways. Just like my need for validation and attention and people to think I'm smart and you know what I mean. So like that was like kind of what it all stemmed from. And like, I didn't just now start doing the work, you know, what I mean. I've learned so much. Like in the time, especially since I've been in LA 'cause obviously like I'm ashamed that it took me that long and like I was like an adult when I really started to like open my like, or understand everybody's different perspectives. But I did. And so, you know, that's just the honest truth. Well listen Again, I, I feel like I've said all of this, but I will always love you And, I.


Think that everything I've seen off camera, I think that you are taking the proper steps and not trying to just flaunt it for TikTok and podcast as well, which I really respect and I'm excited to have you back on this couch. And I. Think had we done it when I sat down with Paige, that would've been a whole different Armageddon. And. I also just have a lot to say about the hate towards Paige and women in general on the internet right now in a second. And my thoughts on that and some things that I feel like I've learned in the past couple weeks that I don't necessarily think I was thinking about before all of this. But I'm just happy to have you back on this couch and I'm happy to be back.


And, I just wanna, like, there's no, I said this on TikTok also, but like, there's no definitive end. Like there's no like time when you just know everything that you know. So obviously there's things like, I'm gonna continue learning down the line. And, I have learned and you know what I mean? It's like there's always gonna be more And. I of course am doing it. And again, like, like you said, I don't want it to like to seem like I'm doing it because performative, because I got caught or because I got Cancelled. Like I really truly, like, I I, I had like so many people who were so helpful to me and like explained their experiences like from their end and stuff. And it was like, it was eye-opening. It was like it was special. And I. Like, I don't know, I do feel like there's a lot that I've learned from this situation and it makes me think very, very differently.


And we are more than friends. We are friends. God damnit. It's also just, I was saying this to Paige as well, but even just on the level of hate that she received for sitting in on one episode on her character when like she is a good person and always has been. And we have no, And she just has to show, you know what I mean? She just has to do what she has to do. Like, it wasn't even, but even Like coming at her like she's like a fame monster. Like if she wanted the fucking fame, she would've gotten ear one. Yeah. Like she's been working for me behind the scenes for years, three years. And anyone who knows her knows she's not that kind of person. And Paige is the funniest, smartest like person literally alive. I love Paige so much. And that was, She never done a wrong thing in her life.


It was kind of frustrating too 'cause you know, it was like us against each other. Like people were kind of like trying to pin us against each other or like make it feel, seem like we didn't like each other. I am Paige And, I are so close. Like I Was also saying like And I feel like I, I've been doing this a lot lately, but like, think about when George and Mike and Logan have that huge fallout. No one's attacking people's looks. No one's like coming at people's necks like that. Like it's just like even the amount of shit. Like Brooke, I opened my DMS one day and there were like a hundred dms that were like, you kicked Brooke off the podcast, that's why you're fatter than she is. Or like, I'm going through my fucking for you page. And it's like, well now that everyone's hating on Brooke, we can say we hate slick back buns.


And it looks like, and it's like, this is not what the conversation is about. And this would never fucking happen if we were two men. And like even just seeing all the shit with the like redhead bitch right now on TikTok. It's like once a proper take on someone's wrongdoing has gone viral or 10 proper takes, It invites everybody to do just whatever they want. And It opens these doors for so much hate that no longer has anything to do with what the real conversation was about. And it's so many people like bandwagoning shit just to bandwagon shit. But you know, I And I, it's, it's like I've never had disdain for it. I think I've been a part of that problem. Me too. Up Until right now. Me too.


I was so that's what I was just gonna say. I was like, because this, I experienced it obviously with my, my Clinton series. 'cause obviously I, you know, I do a 14 part series, he gets like 200 million views and now there's tens of thousands of videos about how he's hideous and he has shark teeth. They're like, what m like whatever it is. But it's like, it's horrible because it's like that's, that wasn't the point and that wasn't the problem. And as much as I Even like the Alyssa shit, like I had my take, I still stand by those beliefs once everyone else has had, there's been a viral take or 10 about it. Like there's just a point where I'm just like, even with like the Blake Lively shit, it's like Blake Lively's obviously wrong as fuck.


Like, I like your bump. I like your bump. That shit made me need a bump. Yeah. Like that shit was so fucking awful. Sorry. Bad cocaine joke. Kidding. Not on Cocaine. Wait, I didn't get it. I didn't get it at first. Did you see him? It was just a joke, but like, it's like eventually Blake is either going to see these takes or not and like, just the way society isn't moving on with like hate to women as of late. I know, but I also don't wanna make it like we are the victims because, well, especially in this episode. I don't, we not I know, but I'm just, just, just to be Clear. Yeah. I, I know that I am not the victim in this situation. I'm not saying that. I'm really not saying that. I think I just, but It is, you know, things happen differently for men than they do for women.


I just don't want to be a part of a bigger problem obviously. Well we, we have been a part of a bigger problem. So that's a conversation to have. We were being the accountability police. Yeah. For Like, we were just really going high and mighty, just canceling people left and right. Two wrongs don't make a right. Like I do still think all of those things are true. In the episode with Paige, I essentially said like, this podcast reaches so many people to the point that I do want to recognize that and use it for better. Yeah. And people took that and ran like, no, we just wanna hear about your lives. Like don't become some woke podcast. Some this, some that, that's not what I'm saying. I just think there's a No they don't wanna hear that from us. But it is like, we have like a cool opportunity because like we reach so many girls, like I mean obviously more than just girls, but like, but Young, young girls, gays and na young people.


And it's like, And with that level of influence, like we should be trying to at least like do something Right. Better And, I, think There's and not be bullies. I think it's like expressing things that happen to you or commenting on some wrongdoing. Okay. But I think that it, in my opinion, we definitely teetered over the line, especially with the like Alyssa and Clinton shit. Yeah. And, I Wanna dial it back a bit? And that was kind of my point in the page episode and people took it as like, this is gonna be the new CNN and obviously that's not what I meant. Well it Does, it does bother me. Like And I, you know, like who is a Brett Strom? He, he honestly had a good take about it. It's like these girls just bully, bully, bully.


And it's like, I don't feel like, like anyone who actually watches Cancelled, I don't think that that's what they would take from it. 'cause like it really hasn't been, it's just, it's not like the viral just get on here. That's not the concept of the CANCELLED podcast. We don't just get on here and cancel people. Yes. It has happened a couple times lately and they've been big ones. Okay. But that's not, it's never been the nature of our show and it's not going to be in the future. We're not like, I don't think we're like just these mean girls. But to your point, I, if someone does me like really fucking dirty or does me wrong, I'm gonna talk about like, you don't, you know, I have a microphone in front of me once a week. I just think that there's like, I know my character, I know I'm not a fucking mean girl to anyone that I ever come across in my life ever.


But I can see how trying to be the cancellation police could be misconstrued as that And I Again, it's not that I'm changing the entire form out of this show, but I'm definitely gonna dial it back and use it for a little more Good. And like be more mindful. I think we of lobbying hate, I just also think like we have more potential than that. Like I don't think we have to like, you know, Rely on that. Yeah. Come for people to have an entertaining show. And I think that like, that's something that we've learned. And also like there is, or maybe We do and like we, they can say it sucks and We go fuck ourselves. No. That we are not promising that we're never gonna do that again. Because if somebody really does me dirty, I am coming on you here and I'm doing exactly what I've done to others. But I think I'm just Maybe not like that serious though.


Yeah. Not that serious. There's something to be said about weaponizing our audience too. We have millions and millions. That's my point of people who listen and it is like point, it's not the same as like talking shit with your friends. you know what I mean? It's not, sometimes it feels that way and that's how we get ourselves in this trouble. But like it does, like I like I I truly did feel bad about like the amount of hate that Alyssa Violet got. I actually like, I did And I. I told that to her. 'cause it's like, again, Like again, once she sees the the viral take, you can either choose to grow and learn from it or not. Like there's no point. Yeah. In just, that's the same exact way I feel about the like obviously she's wrong. No, I don't think we're supposed to say Jim. Oh. But Ken said it.


Well I think gr Grace O'Malley said is like offensive Rats. Redhead. Yes. She's a redhead. It's just like, again, she obviously sees all of the like takes and she can either learn from that and her wrongs. Like pe I'm just, I don't wanna keep being a part of the problem of seeing like beating shit into the ground that's just hating on women when I'm like all for not doing that. Yeah. Like it, there's just, But like we, and you know, we have to take accountability like we have been doing that. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. I think that's one of the most valuable lessons I've learned recently that I just want to be a little more careful with This platform. Yeah. And to be honest, I feel like I got like a little bit too confident there for a second.


you know what I mean? Like I feel like I was kind of on this like I mean, you know what I talk about all the time, like validation as currency and like when I put out that Clinton series and it was like such like a massive amount of support and validation and attention I got like, you know, my, like my head got big And I all of a sudden I felt like I could just fucking, you know, I could talk shit about Alyssa. I could do this, I could do this. And like, I just got like this confidence that I didn't have before And I needed to reel it back a bit. Well that's the, I needed a humbling And I. I got one. That's the internet telltale story as biggest time when the pendulum swings so far that way it almost always swings back the other way.


Yeah. And that's why I've always said you can't place your validation in too much of the good or too much of the bad And I know. It's just, it's something I'm with easier, easier said than that. It's always, it's like, it's something like I really am actively like working to reframe in my, like in my mind. But it's, it's always, always, always been the theme of my life. Like attention and validation is the only thing I do anything for. And it's, I that's so embarrassing to say out loud, but it's, it's the truth. And that's how I've gotten myself into this, this situation. That's how I've gotten myself. you know what I mean? Like all the, every problem I've caused for myself has been Stemmed from that because of That And I want so badly to just place value in like things that matter And I mean.


I'm happy you're recognizing that And I believe you will put in the work on that. My sweet Carrie Bradshaw. I know she know like it's, and I'm rewatching sex in the city right now and it's like I am Carrie. Like I can't shut the fuck up about, about myself and whoever I'm dating and like, I'm not like, you know what I mean? I just like, there's aspects to my personality that like, you guys don't like And, I don't like either. Like, But listen, like everyone else who has something to say about your personality is also not sitting down being scrutinized for millions. And don't take that too much to heart. Figure out what you don't like and work on it and grow and change. Lord knows I've had to do that 10,000 times. Yeah. And it's hard. Well it's hard to explain to people because it's obviously this is a really unnatural situation.


But like, I I explain this to Paige 'cause obviously Paige has been like struggling 'cause she's getting so much hate. And obviously I like we've, we've all dealt with that and like I told her it's like you can't read it and funny coming from me, but like, I compare it to like how, how like confident are you like in in your personality to sit down at a table full of people you've never met. Like, you know, you can slay that. you know, you can like make everybody laugh and you, you can entertain everybody and like it's fun and you have a good time. But if you go and you sit down at a table full of people you feel like hate you, your behavior's gonna be completely different. So when I read those things online and then I sit down here, I feel like I'm talking to a bunch of people who hate me. And so that's where my person, you know what I mean?


Like that's Personality shifts. Yeah. And so it's kind of shitty. 'cause then I'll watch an episode and I'm like, that's, that's literally not even who I am. Yeah. And I also like I mean it's hard 'cause it's like people only know as much as you give them. So it's like, how can I really beef upset about feeling like misunderstood if I am not sharing like the things that matter. Mm. So like, I don't know, I just wanna get better about that. I also, it takes Years to like truly master not feeling much about what people who don't know you have to say about you. Yeah. And you And I were talking about that. You were like, I feel like you've had eight months of this really heavy microscope on you now.


Like maybe a year. And I'm like, I had to do that eight times to, and still this last round, this cancellation right here, this round on TikTok still got to me. Like, we're still like, you're a human being at the end of the day and it's very hard to read that much about yourself. But at the same time, like I personally know that I have people around me who love me for me and know me for me and have for 10 years as do you. And that's all that matters to me. I don't wanna pretend that didn't happen. I I did. you know what I mean? Yeah. Like I did say those things. I did grow up that way. Like, and I'm glad we're we're outta there.


you know what I mean? I'm glad I'm past it. And, I missed you. I'm happy to be back on the couch. I don't want anybody to think that I'm just pretending nothing happened. I will take accountability as long as I need to take accountability and that will is honestly forever. you know what I mean? Like, I'm never gonna pretend that didn't happen. I appreciate, I really like And I, it sounds stupid, but I do really appreciate everybody who's held me accountable because it, like, there's something just, there's like, I learned a lot from that alone. you know what I mean? Just like people sharing like why it was so wrong and stuff. Like, even though I already have felt shame about it, it like reinforced it and it like, you know, I really, I feel like I understand better now. Like I said, growth is not just an overnight thing.


It is a lifelong thing. And you are acknowledging that showing up to the forefront, sitting back here and ready to continue to show your character your current true character and that can be appreciated. Yeah. And it's not, You know, no one's getting Cancelled off of the Cancelled podcast. Goddammit. Yeah. And we love laughed With me. She said, goddammit, rats, I'll try again next week. I love you guys. I'm true. Like I genuinely am so sorry to everybody who like was affected obviously like, specifically like the tweets were targeted towards like black people and obviously we have a lot of black girls who listen to Cancelled And I feel like really like sick over the fact that they think that that's my character. So I just hope moving forward, like you can see that's not who I am.


And I'll prove, I'll try to prove it forever. You know, some crazy just like random crazy shit that happened to me yesterday. What? And this feels like deja vu because it's like the exact same thing but in a different font. You're gonna get a kick out of this one. So tomorrow I am going back to Vegas to play in yet another poker tournament. You are A rolling stone. My sister. I gotta, I gotta secure my other career. I've never been so jealous of these fucking influencer fucks that just like bought houses in Vegas and are now making more money off gambling than being an influencer. Like, But are they making like a lot of money in gambling? Yes. Yes. Steve Will do it, gimme $25 the other night, like just randomly like Steve will do it walks up between a $25,000 and goes, thanks for being friends with my girlfriend.


I love you. Like it is like that disposable of currency to all of these influencers that are like taking that is traumatizing. No, Mako had to give his social like we had to cash it out like that. Like it was nuts. I was like, what? Like That is insane. And that's my hometown. I wanna go back home. Like, you know what I mean? I don't know. Whatever. Yeah, not yet. I know. But so last time we talked about my mother, we were in a similar situation, right? She, my birth mother, she showed up to my poker tournament Yes. In Las Vegas. Right. And yesterday I land from my 18 hour flight home. And. I didn't have wifi the whole time I slept the whole time. I was just like exhausted.


And I. Get off the plane, And I open up a text from my friend Josie Conseco and it is a screenshot of a FaceTime call on her father's phone. And it is a screenshot of my birth father. And she says, is this your dad? And I said, well carry the four, subtract the two. I, you know, ARA now, but I'm, I I I classify myself as a steward. But I guess at one point I was That my father? Yes. That man sperm, you know. Sorry. Yeah. Why'd you that got, that got weird. Like for no Reason. It just, yeah, it wasn't, it was so unnecessary. But I was like, yeah, what's up? And so Josie's dad, Jose my best friend.


You're Yeah, I love Jose. I hate people. I love them. Go back and watch the video if you know, you know, Jose was playing in a poker tournament in Vegas like at a random casino and he somehow gets seated next to my father. Wait, haven't you told, is this, this just happened, this just, This isn't, Didn't something really similar like your mom sat next to somebody? No, something identical happened with Ari's family, but I'll Oh, okay. We can, we can circle back to there. And Jose's sitting there and my dad is just on a tangent about how much he fucking hates me. Oh. And about how Tana Mongeau his daughter and she's famous and everything she says is a lie, blah blah blah, yada yada yada.


And Jose's like, wait, I know her. Like, you know what? Like that's, that's my kid's like great friend. I've spent more Thanksgivings in the last 10 years with Jose Conseco than Richard Mojo. Okay. Yeah. And so Jose FaceTimes Josie to get her to like, watch this happen. And Josie gets on the phone and my dad is like turning and he's like, fuck, Tana, yada yada yada. And Josie Conseco SSEs out my father. That's, that's, I love Josie for That. Hangs up on him where like, where the fuck do you get off? Like you're just gonna sit there and talk shit about me to Jose who like loves Me. It's really like so bold.


Do you think he knew that Jose knew you or no? Do you think he's seen the I hate people. I love them video. I don't know if I had to guess. He probably still has a flip phone, so No, but he obviously probably knows who Jose is and like maybe knows he has a daughter and like maybe knows we're friends. I mean I really, I really don't know. But And I was just writing about this in my book a lot. So I can like get into it. I will get into it eventually. But my dad was just the type of person growing up who would tell like the checkout clerk his entire life story for like narcissistic validation and then like go home and like beat my mom. Right. Oh, it just doesn't surprise me that he's good. Like to this day going around to like strangers like, and his whole shtick I guess is like that.


I lied and I'm like, dude, where the fuck would I get off lying saying that? Like, I grew up in like a shitty household with like cockroaches and horrible parents. Like I would almost rather have just lied saying I had a great childhood and like never opened the can of worms for myself. I Tana I need to know what that is. I almost feel like it's like, like, like they feel absent. 'cause I have the same situation where my mom will be like, what trauma? Like what are you even talking about And? I'm like, what? It's Just extreme narcissism. It's extreme like to the fullest It's like they blacked out or something and like, don't m like, I don't know. It's so frustrating to me too. And he Was saying like she said, we're crack heads. And I. I never, that was never my shtick. Okay. That was your shtick.


That's my my shit. Like I just said that they were abusive bad people. They were, they are. They sued me. It's all in the fucking duh. No shit. Where would I get like, and why would I have at 13 or 14 been taken in by Amari's family who like vouches for that. If I had like a stable perfect home, like where the fuck would I get off lying about that? And it's so crazy. Yeah. For what benefit? you know what I mean? Because I'm, I sit here now and I'm thinking about the thousands of strangers in Las Vegas, Nevada who have like heard this story from him. Like, and Probably believe it. Yeah. And it's just like, can you fucking croak already? Okay. That's a little And. I really mean it. And I know that that's like a crazy thing to say, but it's like, how are you still doing this?


How frustrating you. I'm sorry. And it's just, it's like in what crossover world would Josie be cussing out my birth father on FaceTime? No, it's like, Like Slay Josie. It's just like, like one second she's walking, walking the Victoria's Secret fashion show And the next minute she has my fucking back. Like, I appreciate it so much. But it sh and it's so crazy 'cause I love going home to Vegas, but it's like, I hate knowing these little gremlins Just, they're just crawling around. Yeah. And like won't stop. And it's like, I don't know, I guess as of late, apparently my mother like left my father like, he's like, I hope so, you know, whatever. And that's like, I guess good for her because It's hard to do. Like even I mean bad, you know, people aside like it's, you know, that's a hard situation.


It's just, I don't know. Obviously the abuse was just tenfold. I, I am kind of like waiting for the book to really air it all the fuck out. Like, just 'cause it's so much I'd be on this couch for literally ever like, discussing the details of my childhood. But to just be roaming around saying that I've like lied about it all is like so infuriating to me. And this happened before with Ari's family. Like Ari's uncle or aunt, I Forget. Yeah, It was, yeah. Was sitting at a poker table and my dad was doing the same thing and they were like, wait, my like nephew is best friends with her and lives with her at the time. Yeah. And, and then my dad like went on this whole tangent was cussing them out. Like knowing it's been like, and that was probably like four years ago.


Like, knowing that that it's just like still, It's just still That's his whole, that's his, that's his elevator Pitch. Yeah. Like, that's so fucking insane to me. And I just, I have what a crossover episode. I'm about to see Jose on Saturday and I'll get more Laura, but I can't, I can't wait to hear


more. What Is going on is Shelby Sauce from intern John and your morning show on 0 0 4 3 and football is finally back in Safeway. Make sure Ravens fans have all their game day needs to tailgate or host like a pro, whether it's in store delivery or drive up where an experienced Safeway associate will carefully select your groceries bag your order, and bring it all right to your car. Don't fumble the snacks. Download the Safeway app today and spend more time enjoying the game by shopping at Safeway. The official supermarket of the Baltimore Ravens


Firehouse Subs hook and ladder jingle. Take one Hook ladder. Hook ladder. When it's hot, it just tastes better warm. That smokey Turkey that didn't slice hot Guys, this is a 32nd ad. You gotta sing faster. Hooking ladder. Hooking ladder. When it's hot, it just taste faster, tastes better. Melting cheese and toast Bread, mustard mayo, purple bread, lettuce green and honey, the sandwich is too big for the song. It's too big. The hook and ladder available only at participating Firehouse subs, restaurants.


I'm having a similar situation kind of going on. 'cause I had to obviously unblock my mother in order to tell her to stop fucking commenting on people's tiktoks. Okay. And they Should just start a small group. They could honestly get a couch. They could do exactly what we do. Well. Well, you know what's crazy? Get along Tana. She accuses me of like, of making up trauma to, to like match you. She says, I know you want to be like Tana so bad, but like you're just making things up. And I'm like, if bless your heart, but I am spearing so much, So many details, So much information. There's so many fucking Detail information. It's literally that's like, that's the gag. I'm like, if everything I've ever said about my parents online and I mean this, sorry to cut you off.


I mean this so fucking hard. Genuinely I mean this with everything Take my blood. I put this on Amari's life. Like I put this on everyone I love, I everyone I love life. Everything I've ever said about my childhood and my parents online is 1% of who they are and what happened to me. Yeah. Like that's it's so fucking infuriating. And that's why I'm saying what I'm saying where it's like, almost like they blacked out. Of course my mom was literally un krysttal meth the whole time, so it's like shocking. She doesn't fucking remember it, but it's so infuriating. Like You was sober because she's Like, dad, she, her, her favorite thing to say is like, you're making up all this trauma. And I'm like, I, if anything I am sparing you so much. It's like, you know how Jeanette McCurdy like her whole, I I haven't actually read her book, but I've seen her Interviews so amazing and She talks about how like there was a lot that she felt ashamed to say while her mom was still alive because it's like obviously like, like I, I still love my mom and stuff and like there I don't wanna, you know, like if I told the truth, like it would be crazy.


you know what I mean? But it's so frustrating to be in a text thread with only me and try to convince me that I'm making things up. 100%. It's oh my god, it like literally infers me so bad. And she her favorite. I don't know. I don't, I didn't wanna unblock her. I don't want to be in contact with my mom at all. But she was going, you know. Yeah, of course she's, But you gotta just let them at this point. you know what I mean? Like same with that shit. Like I'll see Jose and will laugh about it and it just like, is what it is. I really do word to Jeanette McCurdy. I don't know if I've, we've probably talked about this before, but I just appreciate her book title and her opening that door to being raised by like true abusive narcissists and being happy when they died because I'm just sitting here watching this like still cause trauma and turmoil.


Like, no, like for my life. And I'm just like, Yeah. I just Like, what a horrible man who has never once. How do you not feel sorry for abusing like your little daughter? Like that's so sad. Because they'll convince themselves it's not true. Yeah. And, and it never happened. Like, I don't know, my, my my mom wasn't abusive. Well she was abusive to honestly everyone but me. But I was the only one who didn't get hit. I don't know why Golf queen, But I like I mean obvi. Like, there was just, there's so much to it and like, I want to spare like I love her And I like it's a really, like sh like it's a struggle I have and that's how I feel like I keep ending up in these like really emotionally abusive like situations or relationships and stuff because it's like, that's what I've known always.


And like, You know, breaking that cycle was the hardest thing I've ever done. But It's hard to block her. And like my sister And I, like Megan, this si my, one of my sisters has had my mom blocked for years. She has two kids. My mom's never met either of her kids. And like, she reached out to me and she was like really helpful because it's like, she's like, of course it's hard to do and you feel so guilty and like if you feel horrible, but it's like, at what point is it like, I don't want to be a victim of this anymore. I'm, I'm about to be 28 Years old. And the sad thing is, is like, that's genuinely why I think Jeanette said that because it's like, here I am, I haven't spoken to this man since we were in court and even before that we hadn't spoken for five years like fucking at all really before that. Unless I was victim to just like abuse that I wasn't warranting, you know what I mean?


Yeah. Like I wanted away as soon as possible and it's still causing me turmoil like so long as he's alive. Yeah. It'll cause me turmoil And like that is such a sad thing to say about your Own blood. It's just not fair. 'cause we didn't choose to get born. Like I remember being tenant saying that, you know, I had This conversation today like I didn't choose to be born and it's like now I have this like, huge responsibility to parent somebody who didn't parent me. No, fuck that. And it's just like, I feel like it's just so frustrating and like, I don't know the greed like that, that's what it is for me. It's like I just, I feel this like, like there's a, a sense of entitlement and greed like that blood suckers I'm that I don't understand and it's like, I like for what, what, what Did you ever, a lot of people Deserve what I've earned for myself.


They think because they gave birth to you that you are an extension of them and they are entitled to that because of how sick they are regardless of whatever they endured. And I think there is something to be said as well. My dad's about to be 80. I'm like, please soon. Hopefully That is this crazy, you do have like older parents That he grew up in a generation where it was like kids could be so abused and they were still just, they they were still in like they were owing their parents regardless. And so maybe that like generational gap It is. Yeah. I mean it's trickier when somebody's a little bit old. Like Yeah. All I know is if I ever bring a child into this world one day, I will do everything in my power to make them feel loved, seen and heard and taken care of.


It's kind of special though. Like I, I literally was just having this conversation but it's like, it's exciting that we get to like make our own families can. 100% And I my clock's ticking. I gotta get started. It's intern John Football is finally back in Safeway's. Making sure you are the MVP. Spend more time enjoying the game and get your groceries delivered in as soon as 30 minutes. Download the Safeway mobile app to shop for delivery or pickup. Plus find hundreds of digital deals and earn rewards points for free grocery items. Or redeem up to a dollar per gallon on gas at Safeway or participating Exxon or mobile fuel stations, Safeway, fresh food, local flavors, Firehouse subs, hooking ladder jingle.


Take one. Hook and ladder. Hook and ladder. When it's hot it just tastes better warm. That smokey Turkey that didn't slice hard Guys, this Is a 32nd ad. You gotta sink faster And ladder, hook and ladder. When it's hot, it just faster taste, better Melting cheese and toast Bread, mustard mayo, purple bread, lettuce green and on grill. The sandwich is too big for the song. It's too big. The hook and ladder available only at participating Firehouse Subs, restaurants.


Thank you so much to see Eek for sponsoring this video. You guys have used my code so much that SeatGeek wanted to hook you up with a new special offer Everyone can use my new code Cancelled 10 for 10% off any tickets on SeatGeek. Whether you're a new customer or not. Concert season is back and artists like Hozier, Billy Eilish and Noah O'Connor on tour. And you already know that SeatGeek is the best place to get your tickets. I'm so excited to see Noah Khan in concert as soon as possible. No matter how many times you've bought tickets using SeatGeek before Cancelled 10 is going to get you 10% off your next order. So take out your phone, open the SeatGeek app and add code CANCELLED 10 to your account. What are you waiting for? Do it now because this offer is only available for a limited time. Thank you SeatGeek for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled podcast.


So I obviously just got back from Europe and how was it? It was really amazing. I mean, I always say this about Koa but like getting to show him things that I've seen or see things through his eyes. Like, you know what I mean? Like I could even cry thinking about him seeing the Eiffel Tower like light up for the first time. Like looking at it like, yeah that's great through his eyes. Like being in all these beautiful places that I've been so lucky enough to have been was definitely the highlight and beautiful. And last year at this exact time, Paige and Ty And, I were in the exact same places and we kind of spent the whole year saying like one year from those dates, like we'll be back in Europe together.


And like we got to do that and kind of create new memories and places that we loved a year ago and that's why we stayed out there. That's the thing is it's like I'm getting all these comments like come home now, film now. And I'm like, dude, I've been preying on this trip for 365 fucking days. And like I mean I talked about it in the Leah episode like where I was talking to Leah and you were with Bibe, but like my mental health has Ben and Is inarguably one of the worst states of my entire life. Yeah. And the way I deal with that is very scary. Tina was definitely quite unlocked and you know, I knew that I wanted to drink for my birthday and then I even was saying on my birthday, like, I'll probably drink here and there until Europe up and in Europe and then stop when I'm home.


And I. Think that was a beautiful plan. I was not accounting for all of the things that would then go down. And then when you're already drinking and shit's just going down and you're stressed and you wanna fucking die, it's hard. 'cause that's a coping mechanism I've always, always leaned on and yeah, in a perfect world I probably would be at passages, Malibu, And, I. Think I was doing really well with being pretty moderate until, and I'm not like blaming anything on that. Like I, that's just myself and my chemical makeup. Just like, as my mental health declined, I noticed myself falling into the same Oh habits, yeah. Coping mechanism that I have and always will love, which is substance abuse.


I'm definitely in a place right now where I want to kick that, but I'm always in that fucking place, you know? I Know, but listen, you've done it before and you can do it again. It's like, it's a cyclical thing. It's not like you haven't like ruined it forever. You had a little stint and then, you know, fix It. And I think all all about a sobriety journey and a journey with a healthy relationship with alcohol is giving yourself grace and knowing that every single day is a new day. I think that just even being on this trip that I so badly wanted to be on and being with the love of my life and getting to, you know, experience all, all those things at the same time, I do feel like I'm like walking with this little dark cloud over me and I hope to not be, I, I do hope that life eases up and I've been saying this now for three months and maybe it never will.


And maybe I just have to learn how to navigate a very high stress lifestyle where I feel like a lot of people expect a lot of things from me when I have nothing to give. But I don't know is what it is. I think you're doing just fine. I'm proud of you. I don't think I mean listen. It's fucking hard. Like it's, it's so hard and there's people who can never ever stop and you've done it and you've be like, you know what I mean, you were sober for so long. And, I'm happy to like recognize all of my patterns and obviously I, I'll learn more every day, but like understand who I am psychologically at a young age. I was talking about this with Trevi last night, like some people don't hit the brick walls I've hit until they're 50 and they've ruined their kids' lives and their, you know, whatever.


Whatever it is. Yeah. So feel grateful for that. You told me that it's like some people don't come with the self-awareness pack. Yeah. And. I have it cripplingly. But it's a good, it's a good thing 'cause you, I, you know what's wrong and that's like, you know what I mean, like that's first step in admit is admitting you have a problem. For sure. That's what they say. And, I'm doing my best now. I mean with everything coming up And I think it's gonna be really special. And I think it's gonna be really cool for us. And I think there's a lot of good things coming. you know what I always say is when a bunch of horrible things happen in a row, it's always followed by like a bunch of really, really amazing things. It's not even horrible things happening. Like I think so many good things are happening again. It's just harder to see them. You It's mental.


Like it Yeah. You feel And I. I was saying this to my managers, I was like, my dream world right now would be to go into a dark room for three months and be off my phone entirely, have no obligations and like heal and breathe and sleep and not owe anyone but myself. Anything. And I said this in the last episode, I filmed with Paige as well. It's very different because any other time I felt like this in my life, my main source of income or where I was posting content or where the people wanted me to show up was my own YouTube channel. Right. With no fucking schedule. Sometimes I would upload fucking daily and sometimes I would upload once a week.


So when I was in a bad mental state at those times, I could just take the four month break. And I would always say I hate people would be like, where are you? Where were you? And I be like I mean. Yeah, but You don't wanna make videos when you're not Yeah. I hate sitting down in front of a camera and pretending anything. And just pretending. Yeah. Point, link. So to have this obligation of a weekly show and touring and that has nothing to do with you. I'm just saying just, you know, it is what it is, is very hard to like show up when I don't feel like I have the show up in me and I'm doing my best to navigate it. you know? Yeah. I'm, I don't know. I un I understand that I'm the same way where it's like, you feel not, not, not that we feel tight.


This is like my, I'm most grateful in life literally for the Cancelled podcast, but I I get what you're saying when like, sometimes it's like you have to film and like that's just not Yeah. That's, that's how you have a bad episode or that's how like, you know what I mean. Like sometimes I'll come on here And, I'll have the shittiest personality ever 'cause I'm having a shitty day and like, and I'm, you know, just mentally unstable. So, but I'm so much better. I'm on mood stabilizers. I think I'm just, yeah. I'm emotionally drained, very emotionally drained. Not workload drained, but just Yeah. You need something to fill up your cup again. Which, But it's not alcohol. Yeah. Yeah. It's funny that, that's like a fun, like fill up your cup, you know? Yeah.


It's Intern John Football is finally back and Safeway's making sure you are the MVP. Spend more time enjoying the game and get your groceries delivered in as soon as 30 minutes. Download the Safeway mobile app to shop for delivery or pickup plus find hundreds of digital deals and earn rewards points for free grocery items or redeem up to a dollar per gallon on gas at Safeway. Or participating Exxon or mobile fuel stations. Safeway, fresh food, local flavors, Firehouse subs, hooking ladder jingle. Take one. Hooking ladder. Hooking ladder. When it's hot, it just tastes better warm. That smokey Turkey that didn't slice high.


Guys, this is a 32nd ad. You gotta sing faster. Hook and ladder. Hook and ladder. When it's hot, it just faster taste. Better. Melting cheese and toaster bread, mustard mayo purpose bread, lettuce green and on the sandwich is too big for the song. It's too big. The hook and ladder available only at participating Firehouse Subs, restaurants.


It's no secret that weight loss drugs and GLP ones are all anyone is talking about right now. But you don't need to be rich and famous in order to get access to these medications. Through Hers, you can get access to a budget friendly weight loss program personalized just for you. Hers is changing women's healthcare by providing access to GLP one weekly injections with the same active ingredient as Ozempic and wegovy, as well as oral medication kits. Weight loss by Hers is realistic, not restrictive, and is focused on giving you access to a solution that is right for you. Hers connects you with a medical provider who will work with you to determine your best treatment option if prescribed you get the medication as part of a doctor developed weight loss program, complete with ongoing support. Check-ins, medication adjustments and answers to questions 100% online with no additional cost through Hers. Weight loss plans are more affordable with compounded GLP one injection starting at 1 99 per month with a 12 month subscription paid upfront, no hidden fees, no access fees, and no membership fees. Plus your personalized treatment ships for free directly to your door. So you've been struggling with your weight loss journey and it's time you find an option that works for you with Hers. Start your free online visit today at for Hers dot com slash CANCELLED. For Hers dot com slash Cancelled. That's F-O-R-H-E-R s.com/ CANCELLED. For your personalized weight loss treatment options, Hers weight loss is not available everywhere. Compounded products are not FDA approved or verified for safety effectiveness or quality prescription required restrictions apply. Thank you Hers for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled Podcast.


Well, I actually really do want to talk about bed bugs. I wanna always validate your experience, But I don't think you had Bedbugs. Well, here's the thing. Neither did I, right? I woke up, covered in a bunch of red dots. And, I. Thought it was hives. That was my OG thought. I was like, I'm so fucking stressed right now. And you know, just battery on zero that I'm covered in hives. And so I'm itching them and I'm like looking up hives and I'm like, oh, I have hives. Whatever. Right? And then someone makes it known to me that the number one bedbug outbreak in the entire world was in Paris so bad that they had to shut down the airports. Yeah, the airports. 'cause people were bringing them home.


I think they're downstairs and you'll find out. I guess then they're just too itchy and they're not hives because hives would be more all over. And like, obviously, like I learned a little more about how hives work and I'm like, these are bug bites. So then I'm looking up. But mosquito bites versus bedbug bites. Mosquito bites. They're clear. They're, they're, they're more the size of a penny. Okay. And bedbug bites are like little red sharpie dots. And here I am in little red sharpie dots In Paris. In Paris, the bedbug capital of the world. Thank you. Mako has a few, but then I'm on Google and I'm like, can you sleep in a bed next to someone? And you be covered in bedbug bites And they're not.


I find out that not only bedbugs, but mosquitoes as well feed on type O blood. I Know. That's why I don't get bit, I think I'm ab Woo. I'm Type O blood. Wait, aren't you o negative too? I don't know all that. Probably. No, maybe I think you are. I think you're o negative, which is like, wait, I don't know if I'm being, I don't know. It's been a while since I've been in school. But that's the universal blood donor. Amari is that too, I think yes. And it's really special because you can donate blood to anybody and it their body won't reject it. Well, anyone can have mine. Okay. You would be Really, really valuable at the blood bank. And they're, they're in a shortage. They call me every day. Well, they might get some bedbug venom, but I'm more than happy to do That.


you know, they stopped letting me donate. Why? A a, an array of reasons. Okay, well we can unpack that. But, so here's the thing. So I'm laying next to Koa ty o Blood and they are feeding on me like a sushi boat. And he has a few. I then call my friend Hunter, who has done a lot of world travels. He tells me about a time that he was in Barcelona laying in bed next to someone and he woke up covered in bedbug bites. And the person next to him didn't he also enlightens me that he as well has typo blood. Oh no. So Then I'm like, awesome. And I. Don't know how to say this without, I'm just gonna fucking say it.


Okay. I'm staying at the nicest hotel in Paris. It has been my dream my entire life to stay there. If you ever told the fucking bitch with the dirty door making YouTube videos that she could fucking stay there for one fucking night, she would fucking die and pass out, you know, And I. Just, I'm more so, I'm thinking about all the places I've stayed in my life. I'm thinking about the Luxor Las Vegas. I'm thinking about S house. I'm thinking about my own houses. Okay. That was no shade to house. There's just some vermin coming and outta there. you know, think about house, I'm thinking about my old house, you know where when Noah Cyrus bought me those big flowers and then the house was covered In fruit flies. I never forget fruit flies. No. You had an infestation that had, you had to move out.


So you're telling me that at the nicest hotel I've ever stayed at in my entire life, that is where there's going to be bedbugs. I then find out that the protocol for bedbugs is to throw out everything you own. You have me so motherfucking fucked up. Aw. They are coming home with me and renting the room next to me before I'm throwing like the, the bedbugs can wear my mi mu crop tops. Absolutely. Like I'm not throwing out all my shit. Then you can wash it all on hot. But that just ruins it all, yada yada yada. Right. So Tina calls the hotel staff, And, I, have them come to my room. Yeah, I Heard about This.


All of them encounter. And I'm def I'm covered in these bites. And you can't scratch them as well because it can release the venom. And if you're already allergic enough to the venom to have all the red bites and like be feeling all the itch and whatever, you can go into anaphylactic shock. So now I have Amari's EpiPen. Right? That would be a bummer. Such a fucking bummer. Does he bring his EpiPen? Oh, he should. Of course he should. Yeah. And so then they're taking off all the sheets and they're ironing the sheets. 'cause that's how bedbugs come. And you should have seen me, Brooke. I didn't believe them. I was like, they're gonna try to gaslight me, obviously into telling me their hotel doesn't have bedbugs. So I heat up my curling iron and my flat iron And. I'm beside them At the edge of the bed, just, just really making sure on my bath.


Okay. And eventually they tell me like, yeah, you were clearly bitten by something that isn't a mosquito. We don't know. We don't think there are bedbugs here. They wash all my beds. They send a Parisian doctor to my hotel room. Honestly. That's service. That's good service. Hospitality. This man shows up in an Adidas T-shirt with a cross earring. Hi And. I'm not, If he's educated, he's Educated. Okay. But then I'm going to show you, we Don't judge here. He looks at me. Well, we actually do judge a lot Here. We're working on that. He looks at my bites. He goes, bed bugs Really good. And Then he takes a dirty bottle out of his pocket.


I have a photo, I'm happy to insert it. Why does it look like that? And says, take this. No, what the fuck is that? What the literal Fuck is that? Yeah, no, not take this. And it's just this white pill. There's no like markings on it. I'm like, I can't even pill report this shit. Okay. Yeah. And you're, you have like major med anxiety, Which is weird. Thinking about like the street perks I've taken in my life. Yeah. you know, they don't go hand in hand. It is, but sometimes you're just not consistent and that's fine. And 100%. So he gives me that. I call my doctor. My doctor like essentially calls in some fucking hydrocortisone cream for me. So now instead of like having fun Parisian sex with Mc coa, he's like putting hydrocortisone all over me.


Yeah. Which is super hot. After they cleaned the bed, it kind of went away. Then we went to the sex toy store. And I got a bunch of whips and chains. And I decided that I'll show the bedbugs. I bite back. Now I'm home. And I. Think there's bedbugs in my room. But I don't know. Well, there's no way I could could've predicted that ending you bite back was crazy. That was criminal. And I. You should get in trouble for it. I know.


What is going on is Shelby Sauce from Intern John and your morning show on 0 0 4 3 and football is finally back in Safeway. Make sure Ravens fans have all their game day needs to tailgate or host like a pro, whether it's in store delivery or drive up. Where an experienced Safeway associate will carefully select your groceries bag your order, and bring it all right to your car. Don't fumble the snacks. Download the Safeway app today and spend more time enjoying the game by shopping at Safeway. The official supermarket of the Baltimore Ravens


Firehouse Subs hooking ladder jingle. Take one. Hooking ladder. Hooking ladder. When it's hot, it just tastes better Warm. That smokey Turkey that didn't slice high. Guys, This is a 32nd ad. You gotta sing faster. Hook And ladder. Hook and ladder. When it's hot, it just faster, better melting cheese and toast Bread, mustard mayo, purple bread ladder green and on the sandwich is too big for the song. It's too big. The hook and ladder available only at participating Firehouse Subs, restaurants.


When I started on the internet, an online store was the furthest thing from my mind. Now I'm working on launching a merch store and sharing some new merch with you. And it's so easy, all because I use Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. From the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to the did. We just hit a million orders stage. Shopify's there to help you grow. Whether you're selling scented soap or offering outdoor outfits, Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all in one e-commerce platform to their in-person, POS system, wherever and whatever you're selling, Shopify's got you covered. Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers. With the Internet's best converting checkout, 36% better on average compared to other leading commerce platforms and sell more with less effort. Thanks to Shopify Magic, your AI powered All Star. What I love about Shopify is how, no matter how big you wanna grow, Shopify gives you everything you need to take control and take your business to the next level. Shopify powers 10% of all e-commerce in the United States, and Shopify's the global force behind Allbirds, Rothes, Brooklinen, and millions of other entrepreneurs of every size across 175 countries. Plus Shopify's Award-winning help is there to support your success every step of the way. Because businesses that Grow grow with Shopify. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash Tana, all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash Tana now to grow your business no matter what stage you're in. That's Shopify dot com slash Tana. Thank you Shopify for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled podcast.


And I thought TSA stole from me. They didn't, I was gonna go on a whole tangent, but TSA almost stole from me. Okay. Is that enough to go on a tangent? No, they didn't steal from me. Wait, let me see what I've got. I bought this Louis Vuitton dog collar for Winnie to bring home from Paris. And. I had them wrap it in like gift wrap to open it up. Duh. Like when I got back here and when we got back, the box was empty. Oh. And so then I'm like, where the fuck is this dog collar? Like there's no way. Some TSA agent somewhere is yelling shoes off with my Louis Vuitton dog collar on. And it was like essentially unwrapped. And then the dog collar was in my opposite suitcase that it was never in.


So I think that a TSA agent essentially like opened my shit up, like thinking it was like, like a fun wallet. And then they were like, eh, and like almost over Me. Sometimes they do open your stuff though, But just how did it end up in the opposing suitcase? British Airways or TSA? I'm not actually sure who I'm at, at, I'm never sure who I'm at. At, well I mentioned earlier that I'm on new, new medication. It's making me really stupid. Well, I'm stupid. So that can work. No. So when I was younger, I had like horrible migraines. And I took a, a medication called Topate or Topamax. People call it Dopamax because it makes you stupid and it's an anti-convulsant.


So like a seizure medication. But it's really helpful for migraines. But it also makes all your hair fall out. Doesn't matter. I was on that And. I had to get off because I was one time. I literally drove away. Did you look at Mr. Clean? No. Luckily I didn't have the side effect, but I did have the side effect of being an absolute idiot. And I drove my car away from the gas station with the pump still inside And. I dragged it down the street. Okay. So then I was like, you know what? I have to get off of Dopamax and my new mood stabilizers, which I got on as a gift to you. He's real. I know. He is real. He answers some of my, no, I, it was something I needed. But because listen, Wellbutrin obviously I have a lot of emotions. Okay.


And I'm very, very emotional. But Wellbutrin, you're like, if the inside out characters like had a bunch of sex and there was like 70 of them. Okay. Normally people describe it as like having like a ton of nerve endings, like outside your body and everything affects you a lot more. Anyway. I like that more. Yeah. So I, well Butrin helps only really one of my emotions, which, well, actually two, sad and anxious. Okay. But those are two of 17 emotions that I have. So it's like I gotta cover the rest. All right. So I did get on a new mood stabilizer, but it is also an anti-Convulsant. See? And now I'm imagining all the inside out characters. But like, joys barred out.


Who said? Who said there should be one that's horny. Absolutely. And addiction. Just a big giant monster who wants, Addiction is not an emotion at all. Anyway. It's making me really stupid. And I can't spell. I remember the other day I spelled like Owl or something. And. I spelled like I put like a WOL And. I was like, what's going on? And. I've been stumbling over my words and like stuttering and like, I just have been having a hard time like articulating my thoughts and I'm worried I might have to get off of it. And we might be back. The square one. We, we can have a smooth transition into a new friend. 100%. No, it's, I think they call it like tit titrating. Like you, it's like there's like a risk of developing like a really, really crazy rash that's like deadly if you take a high like dose right away.


So they have to titrate you. Like where I take like right for the first 16. Like weaning. Yes. But like, it's so serious and it, it says a day on it and you cannot get it wrong. So I've like, I've been taking one pill for 16 days and then now I'm taking two pills and then all the way like I, until I get to the point where I'm like stable as fuck. But you guys are not even ready for me to pop out. Stable as hell. Stable. Fuck those horses. She is the stable. Yeah. It makes you feel any better. Tina? I don't have split personality disorder by the way. That's just me hammered. I forgot my own phone number. Oh, I remember it A couple Days ago. Three one. Oh, I remember It.


So our two little brain cells can just rattle around like fucking walnuts. I got a new debit card and my last four digits are the last four digits of Clinton Kane's phone number. I'm like checking if I have his phone number ordering some new MEU for the bedbugs. You're gonna have to guess the rest. And there's not much money in there these days. I keep seeing all these things that you're dating Rob from Love Island or that you've dated Rob from Love Island. Have you Seen that? I know. And if you actually watch the Vid, like I almost got convinced me Too. So like, It was kind of crazy 'cause because I did, I talked about him on the podcast like long before he was on Love Island. I was like, I met this guy. 'cause we sat next to him at the Streamings.


Okay, so that is the same guy. Yes. We sat next to Rob from Love Island at the, But he wasn't from Love Island. He was just robbed. Yeah, he was just robbed from the snakes. Yes. And you were saying he was a really sexy snake whisperer. Yes. So you were talking about him. Yes. But I knew at the time in my head, I knew that one of my friends was seeing, or like had seen this guy named, or I didn't know his name, but he was a snake whisperer. And I'm like, how many snake whisperers, like hot snake whispers can there be? So in my head I just like, it was automatically, obviously this is him, so I can't talk to him. And I didn't. But I posted that in my vlog. It was like, there's a hot guy at our table. And then I talked about it on the podcast. And I said he was a snake whisperer or whatever.


And then BB makes a video about how like her, one of her friends dated Rob from Love Island, which was, it wasn't? Yes. Okay. And they early, they had like a situationship or whatever. But like everyone started thinking it was me. And honestly, I watched the video. And I was like, all of this checks out. Like honestly, I'm convinced It's so wild to me that And I really only mean this about the man. And here I go. But like to think like Harry Jossy had a life before. Too hot to handle or was just like roaming around. Like, like it's so weird that we were in the vicinity of like Rob from Love Island, but he was just robbed from the snakes. But What was he doing at the Dreamies? And he had a great Seat. So was he an influencer before?


Yeah, he was a, yeah, he was, he was doing snake content also. So what is Snake Whisper? Right? That's another problem I had too is so I had just posted all these videos of these, this snake that I found on the road and everyone was like, she's clearly trying to get Rob's attention. I'm like, and You're like always wearing overalls too. Wait, let's be so serious. I've, I grew up with reptiles. I I have a terrarium in my house at home. I Grew up with reptiles is because the crazy I did. I had, I had geckos. I I still, at home, I have monitor lizards. Like I've, I I've always grown up with aquariums and a terrarium with reptiles. Okay. So I am a snake. Like I love snakes. Like I was raised by two reptiles. My, my favorite teacher had a ball python that I would literally just hold my entire class And I love snakes so much.


And I love snakes. But it, I was like really like offended that everyone's like, all she does is like, try to get a guy's attention. I'm like so true. I was See where you're gonna take though. So true. But not this time. But so He's Rob is single, right? I don't know. I don't know him. I've never met him. I like we sat across from each other as a, we didn't speak a word. I wonder what will come of this. I think he's single. I've been like seeing a lot of shit. Like he's just, he's doing the real la reality star dating trope, right? Yeah. And I. I ran into And. I should, honestly, I ran into Harry yesterday. He was really nice. That's good. Yeah.


It's intern football is finally back in Safeway's. Making sure you are the MVP. Spend more time enjoying the game and get your groceries delivered in as soon as 30 minutes. Download the Safeway mobile app to shop for delivery or pickup. Plus find hundreds of digital deals and earn rewards points for free grocery items. Or redeem up to a dollar per gallon on gas at Safeway or participating Exxon or mobile fuel stations. Safeway, fresh food, local flavors.


PenFed free checking offers zero fees and zero balance requirements for zero hassle. PenFed access America Checking lets you earn money on your balance. For dreams big and small. Choose the best account for you and start making the most of your money. Learn more@penfed.org. Federally insured by NCUA To receive any advertised product, you must become a member of PenFed Credit Union.


I'm about to turn you on to one of my absolute favorite products. It's Lui's whole body deodorant stick. I realized I love this product when people started complimenting my scent. I love the benefits of the whole body. Do, which include whole body formula for pits, privates, feet and beyond. 72 hours odor control long lasting. O-B-G-Y-N developed doesn't cause you irritation. Smells really good. Great selection of scents, including unscented option brightens, dark spots, confidence boosting in general Before intimacy works better than other deals you've tried, I truly can't recommend this product enough. Ready to make the upgrade to Lumi special. Offer new customers GET 15% off ALL Lume products with our exclusive code. And link Use code Cancelled at lumi deodorant.com. L-U-M-E-D-E-O-D-O-R-A-N t.com. I like that Lummi keeps me smelling fresh and feeling clean. Whole body deodorant. Lumi is seriously safe to use anywhere on your body pits under boobs, thigh folds, belly buttons, butt cracks, vulvas and feet. Created by an ob GYN who saw firsthand how normal Bo was being misdiagnosed and mistreated clinically proven to block odor all day and control odor for up to 72 hours. How unlike certain traditional deodorants to try to mask odor with a fragrance. Lummi is formulated, powered by mandelic acid to stop odor before it starts. More like a pre odorant plus sweat control. The same outrageously effective whole body deodorant you love with the bonus of sweat control Now available in the cream tube with 72 hour odorant sweat control. After many requests, they formulated a new product to keep you smelling fresh and help you stay drier. Lummi whole body deodorant plus sweat control the same 72 hour odor control now with 72 hour sweat control. Experience the same outrageously effective 72 hour odor control while keeping sweat under control. Don't sweat the small stuff. Lummi whole body deodorant is now available with and without sweat control. Enjoy the outrageously effective odor control formula you love. Now with a brand new superpower. Sweat control, smell fresher stay dryer and boost your confidence from head to toe. 72 hour odor and sweat control for pits, privates and beyond. Baking soda free and paraben free pH balance for safe use below the belt, choose from a variety of fresh, bright scents like Clean tangerine, lavender, Sage, or toasted coconut Lummi Starter Pack is perfect for new customers. It comes with a solid stick deodorant, cream tube deodorant. Two free products of your choice, like mini body wash and deodorant wipes, and free shipping As. a special offer for listeners new customers GET 15% off ALL Lume products with our exclusive code. And you combine the 15% off with the already discounted starter pack that equals over 40% off the starter pack. Use code Cancelled for 15% off your first purchase@lumideodorant.com. That's code Cancelled at L-U-M-E-D-E-O-D-O-R-A-N t.com. Thank you Lumi for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled Podcast.


What's going on in pop culture? Is it is all of these things that I don't know if I have anything to add to like Blake Lively, the redhead. You know what, I have some insider information on Blake Lively. Okay. I have somebody who knows her really well that I was in a room with the other day and she told me, she was like, this was a long time coming. She's like this. She's one of the worst people I've ever met. Which is so disappointing because I was such a gossip girl. Like super fan. Did you watch Go Girl? Of course I was a super fan. And I loved her so much, but like looking back, there's no one who really has any good stories about her. But it really disappoints me because I really love her and Ryan as a couple. I think it, but I think we have a new couple that we're supposed to love. I, I think it's interesting, like, because I think that Gossip Girl was so amazing and maybe this is just like from someone who loved it, but everyone was like, the way she played Serena was so amazing.


But I guess what's coming to the forefront is she was more so like, she was more like typecast. Yeah. Like she said that in an interview. She was like, I'm, I'm not somebody who can like just go in. And she's not that type of actor. She was like, I can't go in and like become somebody new. Which is kind of crazy 'cause that's like literally the job. But who am I to judge? I That's So interesting. I'm just, I am disappointed 'cause I just, I like, she's so funny. And her and Ryan, like their like little relationship has always been like, like I always like looked up to it. Yeah. Like their speeches and shit were always very cute about each other. And I'm surprised That Swifty haven't saved her her because, you know Yeah. Like they're the biggest commu biggest and strongest community in this entire world. I've been seeing a lot of these takes lately on like how, I don't know, the way the internet and the culture is changing is that people value and favor relatability so much more than being like, out of touch.


And it's like, you're really gonna say Lorraine Schwartz is your comfort blanket. Like that it, it's just, I didn't know what she said or I didn't, I don't even know who Lorraine is. Diamonds Uhoh a diamond maker while she's doing interviews about a movie. I Am relatable. Like, That's And I. Like Who's Lorraine? Like that's just, but also like, why would they Wait, do you remember Passed Blake for like this role in this very serious movie if she did, wasn't passionate about it and was like, like did anybody run the PR by you? No. So I read the book. I loved the book. The book was amazing. Everybody else in that movie was so perfectly cast.


Okay. Like Atlas, like Ry, like everybody's perfectly cast. But it was so distracting to me that it was Blake Lively as Lily that I like, literally, I couldn't think of anything else the entire time. So it was really interesting that they had chosen her, but more so, so she produced the movie. Yeah. And there were like two versions I guess. Like Justin Bald also had a version and his was like more serious. And I think his approach was just more serious and it should have been serious. Well, even seeing how he's like, I saw a clip of him the other day going to a theater after the movie and the lights came on and he was like, Hey, if you see anyone alone who's been affected by this, like maybe go talk to them. And like, I don't know, it's Just like, I guess maybe she's just lucky enough to not have ever had to experience something like that or had someone close to her experience something like that.


And like, But you, but then why cast? But it's your, but it's your job. Like if you are involved in a project like that is your job to understand like the severity of that issue and it's been done. Right? Like, that's the thing. There's like, so like Big Little Lies, for example, have you seen it? It's amazing. But like there's no like, you know, like cutesy branding for Big Little Lies. Like it's, it's, it was promoted as like kind of a dark show and it is a dark show, but it has a lot of like domestic violence. Like that's what you have to do. Like you can't, and she says, put on your florals and come see us in theaters. I'm like, Blake, I saw this TikTok the other day where it was like, you know how in bathrooms they have those things of all the tabs that you can pull with phone numbers?


Yeah. If like, if you're in a domestically violent situation, like pull one of these tabs and it was someone going through all the stalls in a woman's bathroom and every single tab was taken. That's horrible. And again, it's something I've been very personally affected by in my life. So I'm very passionate about it. But it's still like, how could you ever be cast in that role and then not take that because She's a huge star. Seriously though That's, you know, the problem. I feel like she just got this like, ego I mean I mean I don't know her. So like, I, like, I don't want to, you know, again, I don't wanna contribute to any Of these calculations. I also take has been said a million times, so I'm just like so over adding To, but yeah. Well it just, it does, it's probably just really frustrating. Like, I've never experienced like domestic abuse obviously, but like, I can't imagine if I had watching this all pan out and like the rollout of this movie and the press that they've been doing, I would've been infuriated.


'cause it's like, how can you make this such an unserious thing? Like a lighthearted like cutesy thing. Even the like, you know, the photo like, like everything about it has just been done wrong. Do You know that? Yeah. I think until all of this, I definitely thought that it was just like, even the promo, like with my tears ricochet and everything, like I thought it was just like another, like drama romcom. Well, A lot of people thought it was like a, a cutesy like romantic movie. And like, I had read the book so I knew how traumatizing it was. But, so I've read a lot of Colleen Hoover books, but do you know the drama with Colleen? So she wrote it ends with us and she got like a lot of backlash 'cause she was putting out, like, it ends with us like coloring books and stuff. Like really?


It's like, wait, that's like not, you know, it's not really appropriate. But so she had she come forward and said like, this is actually my mom's story. Like, I wrote this like, about my mom's experience. This is, someone told me this story so I, I hope I'm not getting things wrong, but it came out that her parents have been, and she was like, one, one of my first memories of like in my life is like my dad throwing a chair across the room at my mom. And she's saying all of this. And like, you know, she's talking about how her mom was like abused. Come to find out her parents have been separated since she was two years old. She's never even like literally been in the same room as both of her parents. So she just like made that up to save face for like making For a fact. Made that up.


Like, there's No way I mean this, this, she was Around them together. I mean This is, this story was told to me. So I don't know if I'm like doing a game of telephone and telling it like wrong. And that's dangerous. I do that sometimes. But I, if that's like, I think there's just been like a lot of controversy like around her in general. 'cause it's like why you can't make a cutesy cutesy. Like he, he about a domestic vi like a serious domestic violence. I guess I'm just, I don't know enough of Colleen Hoover's Lo I can't read a fiction book if I tried. I Read, I read literally every book that she wrote. And I was a, I was a fan, like a big fan of Hers. But that I don't, that doesn't sit right with me. Did you know that Olivia Ponton is in the movie? I was hearing that I might go like, after all of this, I honestly want to go see it. I think It was, I thought it was well made. Like I liked the movie.


I, if Blake wasn't And, I know she did Blake. I like love to see Blake in other things, but she wasn't supposed to be Lily. And now I just want to see her in. But it's, it Is enough to see Ry and Atlas just stare at them. Oh my God. Well, it's really crazy that the film was, correct me if I'm wrong, I haven't seen it here. I go talking about a movie I literally haven't seen. But you watch it from the woman's perspective where you're questioning like, oh, did, did he do these abusive things? And then in the end you see it from his perspective. Right? And you know that he did those things like the, the scene where no, she's grabbing the hot pan and then he, well I think she like was, you know, it's, it's common. It's like you try to, to convince yourself that it's an accident or like, you know.


Yeah. You believe what they're saying. But Then the ending shows that it all wasn't an accident. Well she just comes to terms with like, this is what's been happening. you know what I mean? Mm. But I don't think she ever doubted it. I think she just like chose to not believe it. But it's, it's a beautiful book. Like it's an amazing book. Whether like I mean, obviously a lot of things have been done wrong, but it's a really, really like, oh my God, it ruined me. You don't like fiction books. That's so interesting to me. I can only read fiction. Like, I just prefer, like even in this case, I would rather read someone's real story from their perspective. 'cause it moves me because it's real. Like, yeah. I Don't know. I feel like, but my like goal with reading is to like literally escape life. Yeah. That's why I look like sci-fi and stuff so much because I like, I want it to feel so far away from my world that I am literally no longer here.


I'm so the opposite. Like, I cannot even get into it if it's not like an autobiography. Really? Like I'm in, I'm so into Sarah J. Moss right now. She writes like all the, like she wrote the AAR series. You don't know. Well it doesn't matter, but it's all like sci-fi and it's like very like, it's like mystical. Like none of it's real. Miss me with that motherfucking wizards and warlock shit. No, I love it because it's so unreal. It's like Harry Potter. Like, you know what I mean? It's like, it's something you can't, don't gag it Harry Potter. You're like, why am I gagging Harry Potter? Don't get you for that. That is on me. We've had this conversation on this couch before I, that's so on me. Like, I wish I could, I wish I had the attention span. I wish I had the joy for Things that I used. you know, I, you know what's crazy? Sorry, I just completely You're fine. You're, I I loved Harry Potter.


Me, me, me and my grandma went to see every single Harry Potter in theaters. And it was like my favorite thing. And I was so young that now I could rewatch it. And it was, it's like I've never seen it before. I think that when I have a kid I'll, you know, but then That's the most exciting Page. And I talked about this. Like, so like, I don't, maybe I'll just shut up. They will Have like, honestly, what's crazy is Harry Potter was a long time ago. They will have remade Harry Potter probably like within our lifetime, don't you think? With Daniel Radcliffe? No. So it's like Milo Manheim. I'm So, we're done. We're done. I don't, I don't need any, I'll, I'll, I'll watch it. Fucking Hle. Honestly, he would be a good Harry Potter, but they will redo it.


If you think about it. Like, so what was I talking about today? A movie. Oh, twisters. I didn't realize that Twisters was a remake. I didn't, that's, did you know that's same with Thanksgiving? I didn't know that. Oh, I didn't. Well I didn't, I I went to the premiere actually I went to the premier premiere for both of those. But outside the twisters premiere there was Peta was protesting outside And. I was like, what's going on? But it's because in the original twisters there were cows flying around. Real cows. Yes. I mean not like, no, but like, like it was depicted in the film. But like, there were no cows harmed in the making of the new twisters. And. I did love it. So there were, Okay, I know nothing about this, so I don't even know why I'm like, so there were cows harmed in the og. I don't know what we're talking about. No. Like, you know how like the, there's like an image that we have of tornadoes, like, and we picture a little like cows flying around.


Right? So PETA would po I picture like old ladies. What? When I think tornado, I think of like an old woman flying in like a twin bed. Have you seen Amazing video of that woman who, like, we, it's, I don't wanna call it amazing 'cause it wasn't like an amazing video, but, well, yeah, it was. She, her house had just been destroyed. I don't know if it was a hurricane or a tornado and it was like nothing but rubble. But she'd been standing there for days, like, or she'd been looking for her dog for days and the news was covering it. And literally as they were talking to her, they hear the dog and she pulls it out of the rubble. I have seen that actually. It is the most, it, like I'm On hope Core tick talk forever. It kills Me every Time. I just wanna not cry at TikTok for one day. But I never will.


I do cry lots at TikTok. My boobs are healing nicely. I can lay straight on my stomach. Can You? They're no longer. I I think that they're no longer looking like they're bolted to my chest. They still have a ways to drop, but they're like starting to move a bit. I am so in love with your tits. I really, in the straightest possible way. I really love them that I put on a bombshell bra today. I was like, I can't even sit next to them with whatever the fuck I'm working with. I, you could like shoot me. You could stab me in the tit right now. And there's enough fucking padding to like, stop that. I you're safe. And I. Love that you Like, you know, when scream when Carbon Electric gets staffed in the Tip. Yes. It's so what scream is that?


That is like Exactly. One of my boyfriends is in Scream. That's exactly what I'm having to do. He better not be your boyfriend anymore. He's Not. I haven't spoken to him still. You're gonna be so proud of me. What were we talking about? Oh yeah, I can do full mobility. I took a dance class the other day. Everything I love. I can do full Mobility. I don't Yeah, that wasn't quite quite right. I'm telling you it was Very of You entering new Meds. So arms are raised, Arms are raised. They don't, we're playing twist. Don't, they don't hurt at all. Everything is like, everything's akay. Shout out Dr. Barrett. I don't If you, I'm going next. I really am. Well I literally have to leave for Las Vegas so soon. I need to pack my little poker fit. I need to study.


I bombed last time I did so horrible. Like in what world am I gonna let Steiny and Zach Justice knock me out of a poker tournament? I'm ashamed. I left there with my tail between my legs. Oh man. And tomorrow I have 81 people to beat. You have to redeem yourself. You will. I am, I'm sending you good vibes. you know what the, you know what happened retrograde's over as of I think today. That's weird. I really felt this retrograde. Like everything they said would happen would happen. Like, I felt this retrograde as Well. Like just like communication issues with everyone close to you as a cancer specifically.


I like felt like everything I was saying to everyone, like what? I, it just wasn't what I was trying to say. Everyone mcco you, everyone in my life. Like, I don't know. I personally was the cow in the tornado. Yeah. The bedbugs were a really big retrograde staple for me. I'm definitely gonna go see if they're in my corsets after this. you Know, I've been really struggling with my raising my children together. They hate each other. Well, they don't hate each other. But Are you talking about your cats? Yeah. You wanna talk about that or no? No, we don't have to. We can. I got a lot of hate when I got mouse. Like she, she doesn't even know what having a bank, like I knew what, like what I was in for, you know what I mean? Because Bengals are very, very different than regular cats.


They're like active and now I have to start feeding him raw. 'cause he's about to be six months Feeding him raw, raw meat. Like carpaccio Raw meat. Like a wild animal. Yes. So what, What? But he's like, you buy like, like, like per shoot, you buy raw, you Know, you buy like Yeah, like, I'm actually not a hundred percent sure. I have to look into that. But so he, I told the whole story already, but he ate a Wellbutrin and then a 300 milligram Wellbutrin. He's only four pounds. Okay. Because he, I think he has like pika or something. He will eat everything. Like what's Pika? Where You like, like people who eat like Inanimate Objects?


Feather. Yeah. Like, like, like not food. I'm close to Pika. So He, he like, like he ate an entire of roses the other day. Like, there's nothing that he won't eat. you know what I mean? So if he hears a tap on, like, I dropped my pill on the ground. I'm not even kidding. I didn't, I don't even think it hit the ground before it like was down his esophagus. And I freak out obviously. So then I go on this emergency pet service. Like, I literally Google like emergency, like poison control. And, I. Find this service. First thing I find And I, you have to pay for it first, which already like, what the fuck do you mean? I'm gonna have to type in all my information if I think my animal is about to die. Okay. So it's like those websites where you try to find people's like Yeah. Phone numbers and Yeah. So I start talking to this girl and she's like tablespoon of hydrogen peroxide.


Okay. 'cause that makes animals throw up. So I didn't have it, but Amanda had it. Amanda's not home. I have to have the person downstairs come up, unlock her unit. I'm sifting through her cabinets. I get hydrogen peroxide, And I. Give him a tablespoon. Okay. And he is just doing flips around the apartment. All right. He is not throwing up, they're nothing about it. And time is passing and I'm like, oh my God. Like I'm, I'm freaking out 'cause he's not throwing up. So I'm messaging this person. They ghost me, completely ghost me. So then I start obviously sending them death threats because I'm like, what the fuck do you mean you're an emergency veterinary service? I tell you that my animal is maybe poisoned and you're just ghosting me. They wrote me back literally like an hour later saying like, sorry, I had a family situation. I'm like, Suing. Doesn't matter.


By that point, I had already obviously called A-S-P-C-A-A-S-P-C-A told me to go to the animal hospital. I went to the animal hospital. They said, no, you need to go to the emergency room. So I took him to the emergency room and they go take him back. They assess him, whatever. They come out and they tell me, you know what, he needs to spend the night. Why does he need to spend the night? You ask? Because he had a tablespoon of fucking hydrogen peroxide. Not because he had a 300 milligram Wellbutrin. Okay. That woman, that stupid idiot fucking woman, And I won't name her by name because we're not bullying anymore. She gave me advice that you, you give that to a dog. Like that's what makes a dog throw up for cats. Like he, he, they were like, he can have like ulcers.


Like there's a lot of things that can happen. So we just wanna monitor him. Guess how much money I spent for him to spend the night in the hospital that night? More than 5,000. $5,000. $5,000. Because some lady who had an emergency pet service told me to give him hydrogen peroxide. But like, what? I'm happy he's okay. I'm just so Grateful. What was the emergency? Was it like my animal is sick dog? No, it was, it was Like poison control. It was literally like a poison control, like, like forum, like situ, I don't even know, but I should have just immediately called the A-S-P-C-I. I didn't even think about it. I do have pet insurance, so I will probably be mostly reimbursed, but he's been to the vet like a hundred times now because he's just like, he, you could Tana, he can open the fridge, he can open the trash can today.


I found him eating a chicken samosa. Okay. He can't have grains. He's like Bengal. He, he can do everything. He can open every drawer. He can open every cabinet. He's four pounds. He's gonna be 20 pounds. He's, he's Like barred out eating perfume. Like what? Like, this is bad. But, but it's really like, I don't know. How do people have like nine Bengals? I feel like everyone I know who has a cat in LA has a Bengal. I think it has to do too with obviously him being a kitten. But like, I, I've never had a kitten. Like Murphy wasn't really a kitten when I got her. She was a, she was an old kitten. She was like seven months. So I just, I'm not used to that energy combined with him being an actual wild animal. I did get him a wheel. So I try to get him to run on his wheel as long as I can.


But like, he needs so much stimulation all the time. And like, I, I'm playing with him all day, but he just doesn't get tired. But I love Him so much and he just wants to eat like tart blush. That's awful. He eats Everything and he growls like Growls like a dog. What does, does Murphy think of all this? Murphy is fucking furious. I, I have to spend at least like two hours a day with him in the room so that Murphy will like engage with me because like, it's really put a strain on our relationship. She does like him, they play. I just feel like Murphy's energy is very much like, even as a kitten, she was giving like wise old grandma. Like, you know, she's like, she's fed up Girl cats, like do have different personalities. And she's a girl and she's just, you know, she's choosy with her energy.


She, she does like him. I caught them cuddling this morning. I have the cutest photo, but most of the time she, well it's like if she comes and sits in my lap, he'll just come and ruin it and he'll come and push her off. And then I'm heartbroken because Murphy And I don't have our special bonding time. She's protecting her peace honestly. And what a queen for that. I'm honestly jealous. I know, but I just don't want her to feel neglected. I don't want her to feel like I don't like she's my first love. Yeah. And if at any point she says the word, I'm dropping that second one off at the fire station. I'm Just kidding. I think over time it'll be fine. And like good for you for putting the work in And I. Think the work of pets Is just, I'm just like, I'm so, I'm so not used to it, but it's been like fun kind of 'cause 'cause it's like having a puppy. Mm. But why can he open the fridge?


But that's why people get like puppy blues. Like I just feel like any new pet, it's like, it can be very hard, you know? Yeah. I want a goldfish. Even Koa says no to that. Goldfish are hard to take care of and they don't have very good memories so they just eat too much. I'm Literally A goldfish. My old dog died of obesity because my grandma has dementia. She was feeding him over and over and over and over again. Pancakes and cereal. Anyway, also, she was a girl. I dunno why I just said that. She was a boy. I Do have some things to say over on the Patreon. Patreon still can't say it, right. I'm totally kidding about talking shit, by the way. I'm turning over a new leaf.


I'm gonna talk about my new boyfriend that it literally is not dating me at all. But he might be soon. I'm hopeful I Can talk about my current one. I do have some, yeah. All kinds of things to say. But we'll go over there. And we love you guys so much and you know, I always wanna put out an episode every single week and I'm very sorry for my mental health getting the best of that. And please just, I wanna ask people to stop speculating, but I know that shit comes with my life. So keep on speculating. But we're here on this couch and we love you guys so much and no one's getting Cancelled off the Cancelled podcast. And we just appreciate everyone who listens and supports us and always has and always will.


And I. Hope to come back to you guys next week with a better mental state, a poker win and some fun announcements. Yay. I love you guys. It's intern John


Football is finally back in Safeways, making sure you are the MVP. Spend more time enjoying the game and get your groceries delivered in as soon as 30 minutes. Download the Safeway mobile app to shop for delivery or pickup. Plus find hundreds of digital deals and earn rewards points for free grocery items. Or redeem up to a dollar per gallon on gas at Safeway or participating Exxon or mobile fuel stations, Safeway, fresh food, local flavors.


If you're listening to this right now, stop what you're doing. This is a sign from God himself to go listen to the normal show podcast. I'm the host of said podcast. What's up Tyler? That's my name. I'm the Host Normal show Podcast episodes come out every Wednesday. We do a lot of wacky and fun stuff over there. Go check it out. What are you doing? What are you doing right now? Go check it out. You got some time.


I.