
Get 15% off a set of brake mess. Select select pro or import direct brake pads and two rotors now at O'Reilly Auto Parts Oh oh oh auto parts.


Do you know what it takes to be iconic? You are iconic. I am iconic. I love iconic aua. I drink iconic aqua every day. Enjoy the movement. Hydrate with iconic aua. Find iconic AUA in all Kroger and Ralph stalls across America. Because when you are thirsty, there's only one way to hydrate. And that's with the world's best hasting Spring water on earth. Hydrate, responsibly iconic aua where hydration meets greatness.


Hello And welcome back to the Cancelled Podcast Podcast. So I was exhaling vape smoke, like a piece of Yeah, That'll be good for my extreme illness. Oh my bad. I'll go this way with it honestly. Send her over. Send her over. Welcome back Red Rover. I just wanna thank you guys for showing up today, but I didn't know I had the option You've done at all. I'm Just kidding. I wanted to be here. I love you guys so Much. Brooke is wildly sick. Paige is Wildly nervous, Horrified. Don't be nervous. But this feels almost like the, I always reference it as the rainbow tarp episode, which is just like, oh my God, dude. See, they always want me on.


Yeah, no, they're coming to get you. So applauding the rainbow tarp episode, which there's gotta be a better name for it. It's kinda like how the other ones called the Marianne episode. Like, it's just like pivotal moments. I remember the rainbow tarp episode. I feel like we all were like dying and then somehow are like one third of each brain cell together. Like it made for what I thought to be a really great episode. I Love that. That's a really beautiful story. That was Very poetic. We leave for tour tomorrow. Are you ready at All? Dude, I am like the biggest idiot. Like literally ever though. Like, it's like I can't blame anybody but myself. I was just downstairs watching the last episode of Cancelled and I'm like, I had just gotten back from Vegas and I'm like, this is my last time going.


This is my last hurrah before tour. Like I'm not whatever. And I You were playing poker, right? I went to Vegas again this weekend. This past weekend. Did Oh, Okay. Again, like seven days after filming that one final weekend before we leave, I, I go to Vegas and I'm like, it's, I'm gonna go for 24 hours on Friday. I left on Tuesday. Never. Yeah. That it is never 24 hours. And we know that by now, But like Friday to Tuesday and you're gonna leave only one full day to do everything before you leave for tour. And then it's like, I'm Stressed. Did that myself too. And I wasn't even in Vegas. I just did that because I just wanted to make things harder for myself. Oh Yeah. We've been jam packed today. I am not kidding. Like doing cartwheels all over LA. We have not had like a split second. It's To breathe and it's like Monday. You could have come home from Vegas Monday.


Yep. DS hat corner time out. It, it's just like so Stupid. Dude. I didn't even like bother texting you to be like, Hey, like you wanna come home anytime soon. I knew that you were gonna leave at like the last possible minute. Dude. I had like a beautiful flight on Sunday too. And I just like watched it pass, like just sat there and watched like the flight about to happen and was like, ah, there's Tetris on the sphere. Like go home. It's so Bad. Gotta hang with the emoji sphere. It's just can hate la. I don't know what it is lately. Like it, the only reason I win is 'cause I was like, it's Friday and there's nothing to do with this weekend. That's Okay. We're about to be in Springfield, Missouri. That's Our, Actually we start where? Vermont bu season of The sticks.


I can't stop. I can't, there's something that's gonna feel. So wait, I'm excited. There's gonna be a reference in every place. We can talk about the They're eating. They're eating the cats. They're eating the dogs. Where Did he say it is? Spring, Missouri. Yeah. It was that close to home. And I. Didn't know this. Not my Springfield, but A Springfield, Massachusetts. Holy fuck. Get me off the mic. Is that not the funniest Oh wait, we're gonna Springfield, Missouri. No, we're gonna Springfield Mass. Oh Really? And it's Springfield. But we could just, but still, I don't know. It still works. Dude, I spent an hour today. Mind you, I'm sitting here talking about how I have no fucking time. I spent an hour today trying to get Winnie to like do a trick for like that they're eating the cats and dogs. TikTok like's hilarious suitcases to pack.


Should we just start off talking about the debate? I feel like we fucking have to, Honestly. Yeah, it feels right. It was so good. Not good, but like so entertaining. Kamala swept the floor with him. Absolutely lo to The fucking floor. You Like it's So, I don't know how far I wanna take this, but it's actually embarrassing because the amount, the people who were saying that she had a bugged earring. Did you see that? Yes. Oh my god. Yeah, I saw that everywhere. And then it got debunked. People thought it was the Bluetooth earring, but then it's a specific Tiffany style. I know. It's just like, it's just like the, like the rigged election. I'm like, you guys cannot lose anything. And like, don't you I mean you guys, if she had a Bluetooth earring, if she had a beats clip on, you think she would've been like, did she would've gotten like a forward facing blowout.


Like, you're not gonna have your ear out. She like Exactly. She only Had one tuck by her ear too. Or she had like, If I had a ear out, she like Adjusting some shit. If I had a Bluetooth earring live on the Cancelled stage, I would like braid my hair like this. Like, you know what I mean? Like I like Wait, wait, What? Or like imagine she like got some words wrong. My favorite moment was when she turned to him and you know, with everything in her power, she wanted to say, you motherfucker And I. I almost think That was like deliberate like, you know how like in Obama's speech at the DNC he did, he like did the little like crowd sizes and like, it was like a joke. Like pause. I think she did that almost on purpose. I agree. I agree. Especially 'cause 'cause Every it's well known that her favorite curse word is motherfucker. What's your Favorite curse word? I can't say it.


It starts with an M and it ends with not er. Oh really? And it Was like the perfect beat with what she was saying. She's like this, Yeah, this is Man. But she was so brilliant. But honestly it was a lot of, like everyone was saying this, even the Fox, like some, the guy on Fox went on and he was like, yeah, I bet they're celebrating over there right now. I'm like, when he sees that he's gonna literally jump, I hope The cats and dogs shit. And like the, I have plans, shit. The means I have a concept of a plan. Can I tell you something right now? Last night I was awake until like 6:00 AM obviously scrambling around Here're trying to figure out if a black corset goes more with camo pants or a white corset for a show in Vermont where it literally doesn't even fucking matter.


Pack the corset and go to bed. It was too late to text this to page. It was like 5:00 AM And. I was embarrassed that I was still awake. And I was like, I'm not gonna send Paige a TikTok right now. Like she'll be disappointed in me. You're literally my mom. I was like, it's too late, but I'm up past my bedtime. And she'll be disappointed when she sees it in the morning. Like I know she was up until 7:00 AM Anyway, so I, I texted it to myself to remember. That's actually hilarious. And did you remember, remember now at 5:02 AM like I, I was just too embarrassed to send it to Paige, but this is one of my favorite memes that's come from the election that Trump's claim about people eating pets perfectly sinks to the peanut theme song. But how'd they figure that out? Please? I don't know. But I love people. This is why I love the internet. Because who the fuck figures this out?


Are you ready? They're eating the dogs, the people that came in, they're eating the cats. They're eating, they're eating the mix of the people that live there. Like fuck, It was a Snoopy spot and someone figured that out within five minutes. Have you seen people do that with like the intro to Chapel Rowan song? Which one? Ultramodern Girl. I don't know if I know it. Oh, it's so good. That's the thing is it's like I knew Trump was gonna be Trumpy, but like it su surpassed my expectations. Dude, he's Just like a windup toy. You pull the string and he has the same five phrases that he repeats every single time.


The immigrants. He's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. China the Wall. Dude. So many ban people were like, and this is again how, you know, I'm so fucked in the head. Like I had just come home from Vegas gambling all weekend and then I found out too late that people were like betting on the election, like sports betting or not the election. Oh my God. On the debate. You should, now it's time to bet on the election though. I'd say, Oh my God, I'm going to, did You see? Well, yeah, you did see Taylor endorsed Kamala. Hell yeah I did. Speaking of cats of the cat. Yep. Very Said childless cat lady. I love her. Did you see that JD Vance His Speech? He, he's like talking shit about like the people who basically he's like, and they're just at home.


These childless cat ladies and everyone was in, in the crowd was like, oh, that's not, And that's why Taylor said that in her thing. Yes. She is so deliberate. Like, and just like intelligent when I also, She was very deliberate in when she decided to endorse Kamala. 'cause like she's been withholding that information from us for a long time and she chose right after like, you know what I mean? Like the best time ever when it's like he's already down. Yeah. Now let's just push it over the top. Now I've got Some insult to injury. It is crazy. Like the Swifties pull. It's, She did say like, she encourages everybody to do their own research and make their own decisions. She didn't say vote for Kamala, right? But like if she wears blue, like there are no blue tops at Zara for six months.


Like it's just like by nature, so many people will like, you know, that was a horrifying example. But again, I'm fried. you Know what you're saying? you know, Trump's shaking in his boots. But you know, and He's gonna call the Does interest me, I'm Getting too passionate Is like how like Kamala's official TikTok is using like the dolphin meme, right? Like and obviously this is all being so meme because it is like a lot of shit that's going on in the political world right now is like so memeable reality television, right? Like, do you think that our generation is going to vote like I hope they are. Or are they just like making tiktoks and like watching? I think a lot of people aren't actually gonna go out and vote. I Hope do.


I've been keeping up so hard with the Cody Ford and Tiana Robard drama. See, that's something I don't know about. So we met Tiana in London, love Her so fucking much. And I'm, I like, weirdly, I, I've talked about this with Ty several times. There's something about her that's like, she's so Magnetic, I can't even describe it. Like I'm enamored by her. I think she's so beautiful and like, I just really remember like hanging out with her and being like, but I feel this way like about you guys as well. Like how can, like how could anybody do that? Especially just their story in the sense that like, he cheated once behind the scenes and she said, if you do this again, I'm out. Like, she gave him, you know, like more of an opportunity than he even deserved. Still went on to get engaged to this man.


Then he did it again and she's mad that, or he's mad that she brought it online. It's like, I wanna floor with you round one. Let's, so it's like, you know, right. Yeah. And so now he's on some godforsaken podcast in someone's studio apartment that, I don't know actually literally where it was immediate retraction, but, and he's on this whole fucking tangent about how a, that he would never take her back because of her going online. Oh. The way I would stab Him and brother and talking about it. And it's like, it's so funny how often men do that. Like where the fuck do you have the gall and the wherewithal, the to and the ball.


I love girl calling To fucking assume she would take your like bum cheating lying ass back. Then he goes on this whole tangent about how she still has one of his Balenciaga jackets. Okay. But if all you're doing is flexing Gucci flip-flops, fuck it. Hit your bitch in my socks sing. Like you can't come online and whine about one Balenciaga jacket like that would like You cheated on her multiple times and you're worried about a jacket, But you're also negating yours entire like hot shot flexing image by like whining over like Right. Because if you're Mr. Moneybag, just go buy a new one. Yeah. And then, then after Jacket V one gate, come to find out, Come to find out So, first of all, he's dating like a girl immediately after being with her.


So then it's like, did you even care about the engagement at all and all the years you spent with her? And she said she already wearing Tiana's jacket. And so this girl also kind of resembles Tiana and is posting with this guy. I've just never understood a bitch who is immediately ready. Sorry girl. I, I, I'm not lobbying any hate here, but it is hard for me to wrap my head around a woman who wants to immediately be with a man who just like cheated on someone. Especially in like the realm of engagement. And you know, he's probably like, oh well she's crazy. But it's like, yeah, That's what I was gonna say. And that was those situations, it's always the guy telling them a completely different story that nobody knows about. That's Fair. But like this one is so public that it's like one plus one equals two on your four. You baby. I know, but I've been not stupid before.


That's fair. And so Not defending her team, Tiana what? But then this bitch posts on her grid in Tiana's jacket. So you had the G and the wherewithal after your new great value up and up version of Tiana is posting in the jacket to then be fucking mad about your Balenciaga jacket. Like those equal crazy, like you got a refund. Oh, Is the jacket a women's jacket? Like a, like is it clearly like a girl's jacket or is it like a, could have thought it was Complicating. I know you're so passionate. I am so passionate. 'cause I just like fucking love Tiana. Do you know what I'm saying? Like, is could it be, is it his jacket that they both wore or is it her jacket? It's so funny 'cause it could be a three XL and I'd be like, it's her jacket.


Like he does. I don't give up. Fuck. I know I don't like I'm not defending this situation at all. I'm just trying to understand how context, context this happened. Because if I saw a girl's, if a guy, this actually happened to me recently. I had a guy be like, oh you can wear like my ex's thing. I'm like, no I can't And. I got so mad. Oh my god. I was, you know, my Ex why guys do that? Like, that's happened to me guys do that. Like what the, You could just, you could just wear theirs. It'll fit you. And it's like, do you not know why that's not okay to say to me, my Ex has been wearing my fucking Vivian Westwood necklace for the past eight months. Paige, that's a gay person. Okay. And there's nothing wrong with that, you know? You know I answer that shit back too And he goes, oh no I lost it. I'm like, I know you have it hidden on your fucking pillow With his claw clips babe.


With like five of my thumbs. You wanna talk about your relapse? Wait. Oh God. Oh Yeah. We do. Can also just say it's so funny 'cause like we're on such opposite sides of TikTok. Like you guys have that going on. And you know what? I have what? Rock competitions. What the fuck is a rock competi Cleaning competitions? What do you mean? We're like two people clean a rock and whoever Aaron Are you on this side? It's like a bunch of people Asking Aaron felt like a weird attack. Yeah, that felt like that. Yeah. That's like, I don't know autism talk, but it's all these people who are like racing each other to like clean and polish rocks as fast as they can to like see who's reflects like a mirror first. Should we do that on stage? I was Just going to say that. That's so weird. You took the words out of my Mouth. Like you guys are on drama talk and I'm on rock and The loser has to swallow it talk.


The loser has to chew it. Their teeth look like what? I won't say because I've grown. Oh my god. you know, I know what you were gonna say couple. There was like four options. They all fit. Oh, who's to say I'm not on OT talk either though. you know, because it's like I just wanna be, I just wanna, I just wanna, I just wanna like if I see one more of those, the little, little dolphin, if I see one more of those dolphins, I'm actually gonna like, forget the alphabet dude. And, I have forgotten the alphabet. But you know the Greek one I do. Well that's my pick me jacket. Will you tell us about your relapse? Please. Fuck. But I know you have to be careful and obviously you can explain why you have to be careful. Nah, I'm not even walking on eggshells. Air it out.


Good For You. All right, so, oh God, I didn't even tell you this. How did this happen? Like how, what was the first move? You Oh, Paige. That's Okay. Yeah. So I texted him, It's funny because I said And I think rainbow tarp episode. God make me stop referencing that. You were talking about how you were like clean off him showing your cerebral, but you were gonna And I set the ball was In your court and you were so powerful so long as that was true. Well, full relapse here. Oh man, I've fully texted him. And I said hi, I'm off my meds. The things you never say to a man, it All said centered around your mental health. Like, like it's crazy sending back your cerebral when you're in a good spot, but then saying hi, I am off my like, that's funny. Well, like I have to let What it is, It's kind of like backhanded like, hey I'm, I'm, I'm relapsing Out of my mind so I'm texting you.


Yeah, exactly. So Were you just like, was just like the rose toy not hitting. Yeah. Was Everything, was it Too overwhelming and you were like, I obviously have to self-harm? No. If anything I, yeah, I think my life has been really boring lately. So Through the pot It's Not even boring. It's just been good and stable, which to me is like Boring. Yeah. We had a this talk last episode. Sometimes you just want to create chaos. I Just had to like, yeah. Throw some spice in there. Yeah. That's why I have have a Gambling problem now. Like it all comes out. Yeah. Like you just swap one addiction for another. My current one's gonna be this man. So texted him, I said hi, I'm off my meds. He said in a good way or a way that I shouldn't enable And I said probably shouldn't enable, but I want you to. So then this man FaceTimes me, not even five seconds later, I'm like, oh no, This is a beautiful love story.


Something's brewing. And I hate to support it but keep Going. I know. So he FaceTimes me. We have this whole conversation catching up and he is like, well what are you doing tonight? I'm not busy. If you wanna come over we can like talk, have a bottle of wine. So immediately Talk, talk and have a bottle of wine. Let's get serious here Paige. So I was Like, yes, of course I would love to have a mature platonic friend conversation with you over a bottle of wine. I said shop, I bring No, you brought your knee pads. you know it. I brought Scrabble. Why is it so much fun? You're like, you're spelling it out like fuck Me. Yeah. Right, right, right. I'm like, so what are we? Yeah, Thank you. I couldn't get there At all.


And you know what? I know he watches too 'cause he confessed. So if you're watching it's fine. Boom. Right. So anyway, I go over there, we talk, we have wine, we talk again. Oh, it's like that. Well the next word, was it immediate? No, no, no, no. We actually did talk. We had great conversations. Great catch. He told me he watched the podcast and do You know she holds his wiener when he pees, which I think is like even weird. I know. That's not weird at all. Don't let her make you think that's weird. I'm okay. I'm sorry because who the hell am I to shame anyone for anything? Right. I'm just like, yeah, we know what you've done. Wait, I Also wanna know, I texted you the last episode that I was editing or like watching you say something weird during sex and you never texted me back. I know I left you and Steve.


Kyle, why don't you tell her what it was. Can you please just write now? Just I need to know. I need to know. Tell her what it was. Well, I'll, I'll share one with you. Share go first. Go first. Wait. Will you share one if depends on what yours is. Okay. Okay. Okay. Can you start, because I need to Reference the degree of severity. This, this is okay for those who don't know because I might cut it out of the next podcast. I still have the liberty. you know what I mean to like cut it out of the episode you're referencing. Okay. I was essentially saying that I was having this conversation with hi. We somehow both said something that we like will say to someone when we're having sex. Ty said his and then I said mine. And I thought like I was just saying something like not that bad and then like Ty couldn't look me in the eyes for an hour.


No like type shit. So then it made me self conscious about I don't what I was crazy, but yeah, I don't think you should, it's something you should share online. You should know it. I was gonna say, say it with your chest into the mic. Okay. I'm gonna have to bleep the last two words. So Oscar, do this one on your own. You got this? Okay. We can leave it in the first two words. Oh no. Fuck no. Yeah, I actually can't. And it's so funny 'cause you know me like I come on here and literally talk about avatar porn. Yeah. So it's like, why it's Ty made me feel bad. Okay, well let's rewrite this. Here's, I don't think it's that bad now that I'm, I'm thinking about it. And, I. Think I know what it was. Here's what I wanna say. Okay. Obviously like I am 26. Okay. Dunno, we don't need the fucking I bad story in this amount of time, I've been able to kind of figure out what what I think works okay.


you know, like, fuck your, and then you could add the like, oh, wait, wait, wait. What you mean wait, Wait, wait, wait. That's crazy. That's crazy. Not even just like, okay. But again, this is like a madlib It's like, it's interchangeable for like seven different things. Like it doesn't ha like that's one of seven pieces. But then I thought she said s And I thought. Thought she said Like, And. I. What about my fuck, my S it is yours. I bet it belongs to you.


S me. I'm not the one busing And I. No, you're just the one saying it babe. Aw. But And I s some crazy shit. Give us one of yours. I feel like that's not even, well actually that one's like a little, I just want to clarify that. That's like one of like 20 rotatable phrases and I'm gonna throw Up not that many. Can you text it to me? Because I need, I need no ones to try out. I had a third point as to why this is okay. I feel like Mine aren't like that crazy. I say a lot of crazy shit. I just say like, you know, obviously it's me. I can like can't try Out. It's crazy though how different guy to guy will be. 'cause like one guy you can like, you can be like daddy and the next guy's like, why the fuck would you say that? Yeah.


Not in my experience. Just what I've heard. So no one else Has shared. I don't Really have good one. Like I'm not, I just, I'm not like really that vocal. Yeah. I feel like you're very like, yeah, I Just hit some like Mariah Carey. Like Some whistle tones. Yeah. No, I, I just hit the classic like And I. Hope you know I'm not doing this every single time. Sorry. Cut you off. I know. I didn't mean to. This is good. She keeps, I'm saved by the be I'm just thinking about like Bill and Jill watching this. Why not click out Bill and Jill Yum, Please. Jesus Christ. Oh my God. You make me so fucking wet. Hide me. Yeah. Okay. I'll hit a good. Yeah, I need more therapy. I, I hit that one two nights ago. And I was like me, me and then he was like, wait, really? I go wait, actually no, no, no. Like I came to my senses Literally came, came So long as you're not well Red Rover.


Red Rover. Okay. Before I continue my story, you know how people, Oh my God, I'm so sorry for the segue. No, please. You know how people who have like had amputated limbs get like phantom limb. Yes. So I, I lost a nail. Pto And I going from like this Distance to scratch my face. That's really funny. Phantom can, can I know a little more about phantom limbs? So you Know what, so you're telling me right now, And I don't actually know how to demonstrate without being offensive. Yeah. Don't try, please. I'm not, I'm actually gonna sit back down with my limbs. Why Did that feel backhanded? I'm gonna, I'm gonna actually use my limbs. No, you're saying that phantom limb would possess me being like, oh my water.


No, It's like if your leg just got chopped off you, they can get pain in their leg even though it's gone. Oh my god. They'll be like, oh, my knee hurts. Oh my water. Oh, I crying. I'm literal crying. I hate this. I don't even know what just happening. I'm sorry. She just reached her people without using her arm. Oh, okay. But like, essentially I was just saying imagine like right now I was like, oh my vape And I was like, oh fuck. Like that's what I thought fans and limb meant. But Brooke, Brooke Broke my water. Brooke, if you have like an amputated limb, like you sometimes still like get the sensation that it's there or like you can feel pain or like nerve endings. That's, it's not there. That's how when you cut a lizard's tail off, it can still move its tail. Anyway. Keep going. What do You mean?


What do you mean it still move Its tail. Yeah, the tail Will, the tail will keep moving even though it's not on attached to the lizard anymore. Oh. It's like chickens with their head. But That's kinda like how when people cut off their finger and they like put it on ice or have you like, what's the fish? What's the fish that you can eat that like is still moving when you eat it? I'll never know or be a part of that. Oh, okay. That's Terrifying Tom. But anyway, yeah, so I keep itching my face from out here 'cause I have phantom nail Back to the man, back to the computer anyway. Okay. Yeah. So we talked, you know, had a night horizontally. Really caught up. Yeah. Talked Horizontally. Yep. Some good combos. And then the next morning I did my classic, I roll over, I grab my phone, call my car, call my Uber.


And he was like, what are you doing? And I was like, oh, I'm just gonna go home. And he's like, well no. He is like, I wanna go get ice cream. And I was like, okay for breakfast. Yeah. I Don't know. I like him. I don't. Oh. So he was Like, she does look at her kicking her little feet. I know Feet Are planted. 10 toes down, 10 toes down. We spent like, essentially we spent like the whole day together. We went prancing around Santa Monica Farmer's Market. Went got coffee together, worked on his car. I was like, do I look like Megan Fox from Transformers? You literally Do. Thank you. But I like didn't leave his house until like five 30 or 6:00 PM next day, wake up, go about my day. I get a text from him at five o'clock and he is like, what are you doing tonight? Can you be at the Palladium by eight 30 to go see McGee And.


I was like, honestly sure. So went to a concert with him, had a time straight out of like a rom-com movie. Except for there was no calm, nothing about This is funny. You're Back in it. Yeah. She's like, and that's why I'm walking with a limp today. I'm just getting so much. But Are you happy? Honestly? Yeah. Okay. And I will be real about this. Like, I think now that I've had some time away from him, I can actually see it for what it is. And like I don't have him. There's no limerence here now. No, I'm serious. I'm serious. But That's what I kept saying when I kept going back to Mr. Bay. It's the pale as old this time. Is it? I think so. It's, but It's, I get it. Because you really believe it. I really believed it and like I knew what it was, but it, it still hurt me the same fuck. Even though I knew I, I just, I was more aware Of, I tell this to people often.


Like, if you have a fuck buddy and it's just a fuck buddy and that's all you want it to be. I think you should still And I get it. Some people can't like two people at once, but like, be going on a date or two or like imploring other things that Well The most important thing she would tell me that all the time. And I. Never listen to Hercause. I'm like, I already have somebody. I don't wanna put the energy into it. If I had done that, I could have avoided my whole Mr. Big situation. Well That's the difference. This time I do have someone else. Oh good. Yeah. Where Are you? Are you what? Who I met him at Literally and I mean this with my whole fucking chest. As if they took man one to a lab and Elon Musk made him again. Like, I, I like, I've never seen Hey, he is his clone. They look identical.


They act identical. Like it is like fucked. It's fucked. But man number two really likes me. Oh, that's a difference. And that's all you needed. So I met him at my friend Nikki's wedding and we immediately hit it off like instant chemistry. Hey. Hello. You told me about this. Yes. This is your your version of my Yes. Yes. Straight outta the movie. you know, Paige kept saying that she was a what? That she was attracted to this man because she walked in car into karaoke and he was queening out to chapel r like performing like, but saying like, I wanted to fuck this guy so bad because he was queening out is like the most bitch Brooke. I have to be so honest. I went this entire, like I went the entire night talking to him thinking that we were just, we were queening out together.


I really had idea. Yes. And then he started kissing me. And. I went, wait, what's going on? And. I was so Pleasantly surprised. Oh, that's like your biggest fantasy. I know. So everything's good around here. Wait, that's good. Seriously. I think like now I can approach it. Like I've taken him off the pedestal. There's no ence here. I think I can like really see it for what it is now. And like I see him in such a good different light. Yeah. So long as you just, just don't spend too much time with him. That's a, that's a mistake I would make. I'd go right back to normal. Yeah. And I would be there fucking five days a week and then I'd wanna kill him like die. Fuck. I just text him back. I'm supposed to see him tonight. Honestly though, I'm proud of you. Keep the two. I Actually play a little game right now. Even like say you're gonna see him and then bail last minute. Like give him a little of his own medicine.


Haze him a little. I know you're watching this. I don't give a fuck. Fuck motherfucker. Yeah, that could be fun. Do you know? Nevermind. Nevermind. I know. I don't think he likes me so I'm just get honing in on that. Cleaning in on that if you will. He does really like you Fucking ass hat. What I was I gonna say ass hat take a nap. Weird. I like, you guys Should go hang Out. Like fuck. But yeah, so I relapsed big time. It's Okay. It happens to the best of us. It does. It really Does. I'm sorry. I just had war flashbacks. Literally. I, I saw it happen.


I have so many random topics for us. Like it's actually insane. Me Too. I have some goofy ones. Do You guys know what Tom Brady looks like? Like from memory? Yeah, Of course. Yeah. Okay. Like if you close your eyes, you can really picture Tom Brady right now. Right. Of Course. I'm from Massachusetts, So last night he was like the cover of my Netflix screen. Like just his Face. Do you know how much he made? Sorry. I'm no God, I Kind of want to know. I'm working on myself. I'm working on myself. You're perfect. I think you perfect. You wife Say it. They gave him a $375 million contract to be the, to correspondent for Fox And everyone. It was kind of interesting in the football community. 'cause everyone thought he was just kind of like, fuck this shit. I'm out. Like gonna go be on a farm or whatever. I don't, that's what Mcco tells me.


I don't Dunno. No, he couldn't. He tried to leave what football for his wife and then she left him for Jiujitsu instructor. Oh, I forgot About that. Wow. And he kisses his son on the lips. Yeah. Makes out. So obviously it was like rumored he was dating Kim Kardashian. Like, even like Nikki Glaser on the roast was saying like, I wanna fuck you so bad. Like it is commonly discussed that like Tom Brady's hot. Like do you guys think Tom Brady's hot? I think he looks like something happened to him. I think it's like when someone's not in a bad way. So perfect. Is that offensive when someone's like hilarious too. Perfect. Like The Ken do thing creeps me out. Like Bleep this obviously with like a like it's like, it's like uncanny valley to me.


But Now I just look shaming Tom Brady. He's obviously hot to the rest of America. Even like Def obviously traditionally hot. I don't like when he smiles. I feel like it looks like his face Hurts. Like that one, like it looks like that he was like made in a factory. No, He's hot like that. He's for sure hot though. I don't know what I'm talking about. He's hot. Yeah. No, he is Hot. Yeah. But then there's like, but like Channing Tatum, I feel the same way. Everyone's like, he's so hot. I'm like, doesn't do it for me. Zach, Same thing. I don't that way because, but then when Tatu isn't isn't like, isn't like cookie cutter. Sexy, sexy, sexy. He has like kind of some grit. Yeah, he has some grit. He has like fucked up teeth. Not fucked up, but like, He's so stupid. Okay. When you smile, I kind of wanna be the sun. Wait, Please cut me saying too. Brooke. You So funny. Please leave it. It's so funny. He doesn't, I just mean he had, I just said I wanna be Tom Brady's son.


So I mean we're really doing great over here. And I missed that. No, it's good that you did. And then I reset. Reset. Can I tell you, can I tell you the worst thing about the Cancelled podcast? What? Well, maybe just the top three. I always, always, always miss every good joke she has. 'cause I'm just, I can't pay attention to what she's saying sometimes. No, no, no. That's not what I meant. That's not what I meant. No, stop. I'm getting red. I'm my head right Now. I'm getting red. That's not what I meant. My Mom is fitting for you today. No, I meant like I am. Hmm. M Like I'm, I'm just absent-minded And. I'm always like, for some reason thinking about like where the conversation's gonna be in 10 minutes.


So like sometimes I'll miss like her best jokes and then it's so it sucked so bad to watch it back and realize I could have responded to something so funny. And I missed it. But Also like I sometimes, or it'll be Like while we're both talking at the same time, so I don't hear it and I'm like, oh God, that was a good one. What was on the last episode? We Always just talk about though, like, I am always like, I'm just swinging and then sometimes I hit like I just, I'm always saying, you know what I mean so it's not like it's so Funny. And that's my biggest thing. I need to pay closer attention to what you're saying. And. I know. That's my job. No, I think it's, we're just here to yap. I don't give a fuck. Like we're fine. Okay. Can we also, yeah. Not to circle all the way back to the presidential debate, but like I've been seeing my, a lot of my for you pages as well right now is like the guys who go out and street interview the Trump supporters and like, so funny and they Just don't even go.


Yeah, it's, no, it's fucking insane. Like they'll be like, how do you feel that Biden said, you know, you can abort a baby after birth. And then like they'll ask the Trump's Ho and they're like, Biden for prison. That's horrible. And they'll be like, wait, Trump said it. And they're like, actually that's amazing. Like it's just the most insane shit I've ever seen. And then Trump said this on the debate last night, which is, are there people out there like I am like boggled by this, scrambled by it, if you will. Okay. Wow. That there are people out there that genuinely believe there are abortions happening after nine months. Telling me people are out there believing that they're like eating the baby and snapping its neck at nine months.


I think there are or I mean now there are. Because you know Timmy in Missouri was like, What'd Trump say during the debate? He was like, and they execute the babies after they're born. He Said, I bet Even after birth. Yeah. So random. But I saw a TikTok the other day and it was like, I want hear your weirdest. Like hear me out for a person. Oh. Or a Character. Oh, this is my Favorite dinner table conversation. Okay. Okay. I wanna go around and say like, your weirdest hear me out. Either like a person and actor, like unconventionally attractive or like a character. Someone weird But get weird with it. Is it just a per, oh, I was about to just give you hot takes. Yeah. Yeah. About like anything but like, or is it a person? Like someone that you'd fuck. Okay, so we're or something. Hear me out A person?


Yeah. Or something. Okay. Or the Character. Okay. I can start. Okay. I think you should. It's right, Ringo. Okay. Isn't that like that Really fucked? Were you the one who also likes the, the uncle from Lion King Scar? Yes. Saw what Paige? I like him. I completely, completely, completely understand. He looks that is must Be Davidson. That Looks like every ex-boyfriend I've ever Had. Oh, you ate with Ringo. You ate with Ringo. I even know If I can top that for sure. I know. I can look at him in the cowboy hat. Oh, I have so many. Yep. Scrawny little thing.


Wow. I need to, what's your hair? I said scarf from the Lion King. But Now I gotta look that up. Hold so lot Scar or Aaron's looking it up. I guess I like when we use this, it makes me feel like we're Theo. I know. Ugh. Sexy. No. Wouldn't struggle or resist You, But you have to know his personality. Okay. I have one where I also agree that you have to know the personality. Is this B Like are we allowed to say it's a cartoon? Mm. Yeah. Squid word. You'll ask Me. No. First of all, what, who's, how would you, you would not even get Along. Like there's a lot of different, you know, I Think I already did the whole handsome squidward thing.


Yeah. You've already been around The block. Not handsome squid. No, but just squidward like, like regular squidward. Yeah. You know what? you know what a big nose means? I was just about to say this pussy on his nose. I What's that from? Love that, that's not where I was going. Song. What is that? What are other hear me outs? Oh, Paul dno. For like an actual person. Hmm. Maybe specifically as the Ridler. Okay. Yeah, You, I don't think you have me with this. See that's why it's my weird hear me out. I don't know who that is. Oh, Oh, oh, got it. Hello. Voldemort. Now And I like even know but I just need to look again. Kind of get it. Yeah, I get completely get it.


Actually I look, I like, he looks like he's really been through some things. Yeah. I don't know if you'd wanna sit on his face though. It might be anticlimactic. I need to look up one group. No, no. Like I'm, I'm into it A smooth ride. I'm super into It. And you slide right off. Nevermind. Too far. He's like got a drain on his face. I was ful to work. I'm doing some market research over here before I announced one. Right, right, right. I do have this weird fetish, I think I've told you before, like this kink where I really wanna fuck someone like in a scream mask but almost like not or like Michael Myers. But not, I don't That's that weird. Weird under It like he's wearing it. Oh you don't know who's under it. Yeah. I would fuck the Burger King. That's so to tell them the people back at cerebral about Yeah I need to check Him with them.


I think that's so weird. But I mean I'm not. Here We go. I'm not king. Okay. Okay. Thank you. I think that's like hot and iconic, right? Like Michael Myers. So hot. Hot. That is a hear me out. That Doesn't even feel like a hear me out to me. Michael Myers could get it every single fucking day. That doesn't even Feel, no I don't fuck with a wide neck. So hot. I Do like when your hand can't make it. Not that a hand not Supposed should Be able to make it. She's like, But like there's a difference Would make you feel so tiny. And. I need that. 'cause I got mitts NCA avocado, so I wasn't familiar with him before this. What right were you Yeah, because Tricia like Tricia's always like been kind of a stand of him.


Right. But yeah, I remember seeing him like back in the day. Well I mean he kind of started the Is he does like muck ba like really, really terrifying muck bangs. Yeah. But like yeah, the trend of, in my opinion like rage baiting, muck bangs, jelly Beans Or just to Make people Upset. Nica Cato ran. So jelly bean sweets could walk. I Don't know who. Jelly bean sweets. Nica Cato walked. So jelly bean sweets could run. I don't know how the phrase was not running. Thank you. It was that. It was that. Yeah. No, but he would like eat so like pure gluttony and he would like make, he would like make a point of it like barking at his food type. Like Oh. It turned into like a serious rage ba thing because there was a point where he was like had needing like a C pap breathing machine.


Oh that would to like stay alive. And I. Don't think about that. Then housing 30 munchy meals from Jack in the Box type shit. I'm starting. And people were like, I know it sounds amazing. Whatever people were living, he's still been posting this whole time and then just comes online a couple days ago. Gaunt as fuck. Saying steps. Yeah. He's like steps. Listening To Richie. Babe. He's skinnier than me. Dude. No wait, You couldn't inject all of the like Wegovy, Manjaro, Ozempic that every real Housewives of Beverly Hills has taken in the last year. Yeah. And like get like that. Like No he wouldn't inject it but he got gastric bypass.


Did he? And like a skin surge. A skin, yeah. Skin graft. Yeah because he doesn't have loose skin. That's why people are like cont or talking about him being ai. Maybe ai. But what I find most unbelievable about, about this situation is his ability to bank that many videos in order to be posting that often. Especially if it's, if it's that extreme of eating. Yeah. I 100% agree with that. Like, but it's, I was like, just imagine us trying to bank like two years worth of shit to like come back as like a sister Mormon wise or With BBLs. Right. Ooh yeah you're kind of good. A Mormon wife with the BBL L. But it's So funny because he's like being so cryptic about it and he's like two steps ahead. I am always two steps.


Well It probably got it probably got his brain too. No, but he, but he's like this was the best social experiment ever conducted. But it's like, wait, what was the experiment? Like am I missing something? Like I think it would just be like ha ha ha you were bullying me and look. But like welcome to the internet I guess. But like what, what was he doing? What was the point? Like where was the experiment? Like I think it Was just to show like you Know he won at a game that only he's playing. Like Yeah I guess that's like I get, I think it's just trying to say like you all were hating and now I'm the third Hadid. Like I am gone just at week I turned to the side and disappear and y'all thought I was on the CPAP with nachos. Like I think that's the whole point.


It's kinda Like jokes on you guys. 'cause like here you are engaging with my content and I've been skinny. I've been out here skinny. I guess Healing healthy. Yeah. Is like the point. I Mean. I'm just happy for him 'cause he's probably doing well, right? Or Like feeling healthier. Yeah. I mean you've got obviously like you know what I mean? The Apple dance obviously as like a timestamp is kind of genius. 'cause obviously then people could argue that he re-shot the content before. Yeah. But I guess that little proved proved that But oh, he did it as a skinny person. Like, but then why is there a part of me that's also like, I kind of think it's AI or like, like someone's doing the Apple dance and then they're super imposing his face.


Like he's dubbed or what's it called? Deep faked. Yes. Yes, that's exactly, it Was sex tape of fake me fake. Unless she was is Melissa was sl. Do you remember Like you would go on JibJab and like put your face like on the elves. That's my favorite thing to do. Are you kidding? Like that's what it reminded me of when Tana dance, That's what they're doing. I kind of think that's what He's doing. Nothing is funnier than that. Still to this day. Like doing that on Christmas. It lights my fucking soul flame. We need to send out postcards this year. Christmas Cards. I think we are on the Patreon. Oh my god. Hope we have do like the elves. We're like stepbrothers. I identify as skinny. Well what happened to his hair? That's what he, he wanted that Everyone's calling him like the white Drake. He Why is he kind of giving Andrew Tate to me?


He does. I think it's the bald head. But I like that haircut. I think I prefer him bald. I'm gonna say something that, oh wait, wait. Okay. So can you go to YouTube and then click on, because I've only seen the tiktoks. I want see that was but still white wall, like a part of me thinks there's something we still don't know. Like I like I wouldn't be, or maybe This is a social experiment to see how much it's more attention he gets when he is skinny and then he pops out and he's like, no actually I'm still fat. Oh, so Click that, click that piece of head views shit. The panda head shit. It's all giving ketamine to me and to Who are we to judge Me waking up five minutes before my alarm. This has been Greatest social experiment for my entire life.


It's alluring Bro Thinks he is the riddle. It's Me when I get hammered for the weekend to y'all. It's Like greatest social Experiment. Me when I order vapes without you having to ask Ideas. Rivalries where they feel encouraged and engaged. Where they involved themselves. I wish it was a marshmallow helmet for no specific reason. They Become a product of influence. Keep it playing just right where we're at. Thirsty for a distraction from time on, spent spoiling their minds yet stimulating them at the same time. It's brilliant And It's, but then like me trying to reach the word count of an essay.


Like what I get what you're saying. Like what really is the point monitoring Ants on any ant farm. Can I see 'em like just without follows another please And infect the minds of the ants. Freaked. Freaked out. But this doesn't freaked feel like AI to me actually Brainwash. Oh fuck I have to answer this man. You are the ants. Yeah, I think his brain might be a little scrambled Today. I woke up from a very long dream. And I also woke up having lost 250 pounds off of my body.


It's so dramatic. This is why this for literally everyone in Hollywood after like one ozempic shot though, it's whatever I mean. But you also have to think about like to ever be doing what he was originally doing. You gotta be a little silly goofy. Yeah. Something has to be a little bit like screw loose. Yeah. So, but same here. I want 'em on the Cancelled podcast. I just wanna know what the two steps were like. I guess like I pre-filed all this content and while you were all mindlessly hating on me for something that you thought I couldn't control or change, I was controlling and changing it. So therefore I'm ahead of you by exactly two steps. Wait, if you could conduct, damn you one, I guess, right?


We should conduct a social experiment. I'm just not smart enough. Me neither. I'm two steps behind at all times. I couldn't agree with you more. Same that Olivia Rodrigo song. One step Forward actually me, two steps back step.


I've been touring houses in Vegas and there's been this house that's like my dream house. Like I'm like, this house is so gorgeous. Like grand staircases, like the casita of the house has already turned into a podcast studio. All this stuff like, or like a studio you should have known right then and there. Like I know, but I just didn't put two and two together. But like I'm just on Zillow and I'm looking through this whole house, but get this and it's like, you know what, like a grand desert home looks like, like everything's kind of tan and brown or whatever. The walls of this in entire house are purple suede. And I'm like, do I get this house and just like redo the walls and like whatever. And I'm on this whole tangent because I'm like, especially in Vegas and in the neighborhood it's in in Vegas.


Like it's very unlikely in my opinion. Like just that whatever. I'm on this whole tangent, I'm like, who the fuck would have this house and do this to this house? Like it's gotta be like just someone who's a little wild whatever. Yeah. And I went on this whole fucking TikTok tangent that I'm still fucking pissed about. I flew to Vegas to tour this house and they, I got scammed up, down, left, right boots the house down. Diagonal sister. Okay. Which I can tell you about if you want, but whatever. Anyways, I make this whole TikTok and then Bunny texts me and it's Jelly roll's house. She's like, if you want to tour our house, it's for sale. And I'm like, jelly Roll would just take this like Vegas desert mansion and like And purple Walls purple, right?


Like purple suede. And she's like, we can change the color in a day. Like we have a team. Like of course you have a team that can make a whole 6,000 square foot mansion purple in a day. So was it like the house that you got scammed by or Like the real Estate agent? No, like Bunny saw my TikTok. Oh, about the house. So then she was like, Hey ours is for sale. And I was like, that's weird. I almost looked at it but the Purple Suede kind of had me, you know. Oh, oh, oh That is so funny. Like what are the odds of that? I guess that's high because like podcast studio Purple suede is like, of course Bunny And I Live there. It kind of just fucking makes me wanna get it. 'cause I'm like, if Jelly roll like this has Alls I would, I would get it just to be able to say like Bunny, I bought jelly Roll's house. Like yeah, bun bunny roll. I said Bunny roll's house bunny Roll used to live here and Just like good energy in there. I am just pissed as God is There At real estate agents.


For real. That's true. There's probably such good vibes in that house, which I do care about. I don't know, I found this house on Instagram reels, which I know you can already have a lot to say about. See, that's like finding a guy on Tinder and expecting him to be good. That's, It's so true. It's like, this isn't like a cool pair of boots, dude. It's, it's a property. But I see this fucking reel and I'm like, it's the most beautiful house. It's in my dream neighborhood. It's fucking gorgeous as that. It has everything I want. It has a movie theater, it has a pool, it has a beautiful giant master. It's like my color scheme. I'm imagining every single piece of these gray couches in it finally like I'm just, I'm like, yes. I love it so much that I set up an appointment. I'm like, I don't want anyone else to take an appointment. I'm flying there. I wanna see this house immediately.


I almost bought the damn house and just had a marigo look at it. Like I was this set on this house. And, I show up and first of all, the neighborhood it's advertised in, it's just like 25 minutes out of, essentially I could have been driving like back to California in the location. This ends up being in, it's like in the cutoff of like the end, one of the ends of Vegas. And I'm just like, okay, And, I go in to tour the house. And I show up. And this woman who seems like she would rather be anywhere else, gets out of her car. She just seems pissed. I'm like, okay, whatever. And she opens the door for me into this house. And, I walk in to a literal crack home. Like it is just so, like I've never, like, obviously all real estate photos are like, they use wide lenses and like yada yada, like I understand like a little bit of scam tree.


You're gonna turn the contrast up, turn the saturation up, turn the whatever, like the tiles of this floor were put on with lash glue and fucking a dream. And like I knew it was gonna go a dream. It's always a dream. I can't stop with that. Did you see the reel? No, because I, I was so curious. After she told this story on TikTok, I was like, please send me the reel. 'cause I need to see it. She only showed me on screen recording. She didn't send me the reel. I think it's because I, if she had sent it to me, I would've given her a hard time about it. No, but it was so obvious that this place was a dinky dinky house. No. So am I just dumb. And you know, I, my opinion, 'cause I think it looks like, it looks like it's taken on 0.5, like I need to see it. But all, and it looks, you can see how low the ceilings are, like very clearly.


See how low the Are all houses and like reels and videos. Like even this house, like the videos I saw that were like 0.5, like I know the like game. It was just more like in the reel. What is advertised as a movie theater is a basement that like has a ladder entrance. A ladder, okay. Like it. And it's like they took the movie screen out. So it's just a basement. Like don't make it a movie theater in the reel. Mention the ladder maybe, right? Like they're like, yeah, but You have to take a Ladder. Like four of the rooms are like hot pink and green and purple and like, do you have Pictures of the house or like videos of the House? I have this reel. Let me turn the music off. People found it on TikTok, which just pissed me off. Okay, here's the reel. Well it looks gorgeous. An example here That Looks nice.


No, that is not a low ceiling. That is not Looks Gorgeous. You're right. But in that other photo you showed me low ceilings. No, same video. This is only video In, I know, but This kitchen island looks big, right? Like a couple people. This looks gorgeous. Thank you. Well I think maybe I was watching it with what I already knew in mind. Yeah. Like this. That looks like movie Room. I can't go back. I can't pause. I don't know how to use Instagram reels. I'm not an Andrew Tate fan. Oh, sorry. That was like, Are there Andrew Tate fans? Yeah. Oh yeah. Really? Top, top Boy. Top. Okay. That's so terrifying. you know how many, imagine walking into room and not knowing his That it's a beautiful, stunning, gorgeous Georgina home. Wait for the movie theater.


Like I'm imagining like setting up chairs there. Yeah, I might have been watching it because I already knew you said it bad. So seeing it that way already, That looks like a big, there were no closets. All the closets in the house. Like you'd slide the door open or open the door and just no shelves. No rods. Like don't you think that should be like something we should again. Okay. They had to have Paris filter, face tune, face tune video like pussy sun, Nikita Dragon edit a video style to make these floors not look like they were literally held together with like jet puff marshmallow. Yeah, Like I just, I don't see like how awful it can be in person if it looks like that in the video. That's what I'm, I'm Saying So glad you went to look at it though. 'cause I'm so the type to like buy a house sight unseen and just like, and just my trust, my gut.


And one thing about me is my gut has never been right. I just like, I completely understand a bit of scam imagery. Point five, a Paris filter. Like I actually like want, I wanna like call her up and be like, how the fuck did you do that? Right? But it's kinda Like cat catfish like, like real life cat fishing. It's like what was your intention? 'cause she made this point. She's like, I was obviously gonna go look at the house. Like what did they think that could Away with It's a crop top. I'm not just gonna like Amazon two day primer. Like I don't think you can't return that. That's like, I just don't understand why real estate agents like really try to make something look, I guess. 'cause maybe like they could set up the tour and someone could go and want a fixer upper or like it just brings, draws in more clients. Maybe just getting them in the door. I guess I was just being an out of town client. I was a little Yeah, You would've like to know those additional details.


You know, if it, if it was in the valley, like I would've loved the, you know it's, but before you fly to Vegas, Girl, you know you were flying to Vegas regardless. Absolutly, you're so right. I don't even know. Damn. I'm sorry you got scammed. I'm also a victim all the time of online propaganda. But I'm happy that I went to Vegas this weekend because for the first time one of my favorite insane bets finally worked. Yay. I have this one bet that I like to do and every like people at the table will literally scream like no at me. I've had dealers tell Me like what is it on poker or No on roulette. Oh. Like I've had so many dealers even the previous weekend be like, stop doing this. You're never going to win. It's so dumb. Where on the numbers you can bet on all the numbers on roulette where you put a thousand dollars on one number and if it hits they pay one to 36.


You make $36,000 And. I did it this time. And I won. I turned a thousand dollars into $36,000. I fell to the floor. I bit my lip. I was bleeding on the resorts world floor. It was the best moment Of my life. So Exciting and insane. It my favorite dealer Eka. I'm always talking about Eka. Eka. I love you. It was just the best moment of my life. I love that. I'm so proud of you. What are you gonna do with your $36,000? So it's crazy. Straight back to the table. Fuck We lost. I'm getting, but I am so excited for our show in Vegas. I like, wish I could set up like a fun little like gamble with me after with like the people who Come. I'm so excited. We both have our hometown, hometown shows back to Back, which is sick as fuck. Like that's so special. And then we Come back here and do it here. Yeah, it's, that's so exciting that we like end with our hometowns and then here And I.


Can't fucking believe we leave on a plane to Vermont tomorrow. I was just Thinking that. Pack the fucking suitcase. I know we, yeah, we have a layover. I Know. And we have so much work to do tonight. Yeah. And I am scared because You're adding some last minute craziness to these shows. So when this comes out, if we are still coming to a city near you, not only would we love to meet you, but these shows we always say it. You already know We, we do just have some really fun stories and I'm excited. I'm hoping nothing as crazy as what happened last time on stage. I'm hoping everyone's phones are down. I'm praying for good but I will be cautious. But still Cancelled And. I'm excited. No Dancing Lobsters this time though.


I'm so sorry. Don't, don't Be completely, I'm sure that'll be like an entire scandal a year from now where they say I like forced you to do it and I'm like something I'm not Clip that clips of me, of me literally jumping for joy when you broke the news. I stood up Bitch people keep telling Gabby Hannah apologized to me today but she didn't say my name so I don't even know what I'm saying. She didn't, but like all the videos say like it felt like she did. I don't know. I think she really like the point of why I just said that. It wasn't just like m like that's not what I meant. I didn't Think that was what You meant. It just sounded like I was like trying to suck my own dick or something weird. I don't know. The point of this is is I watched Gabby Hannah's apology video today or when she uploaded it, it was apparently the 10 year anniversary of her first ever YouTube video.


Aw. And she kind of just apologized to people she's collaborated with, worked with that she had a big scandal with Joey Gfa and Escape the Night on YouTube Red where like they said it like she wasn't a pleasure to be on set. She kind of apologized to everyone for that. She apologized for kind of talking about people's stories without permission essentially. That's where like people think it's about me. Yeah. 'cause she kinda, I don't know, whatever. She apologized for a bunch of stuff and she seemed really like peaceful groan and together in the video, And I have been obsessed with the sound recently. Like there's fucking babies on the fucking street. I can't stop saying it. Yeah. Like what does she say? I need some fucking sleep on God. I wish I could sleep. God that's when always wish fucking sleep. Like God I wish I could fucking sleep.


Like just I've been so exhausted. It's been my like vocal stim of the week. Okay. And I. Keep using it on TikTok. And I. Really wanna have Gabby Hannah on CANCELLED. I would love to hear about. I Think she'd be very interesting. And I honestly think she could have like, she would have like a lot to offer like actually in a serious way. I Agree. I think it would like be a really cool episode to just hear about everything she's been through and yeah, she's got a story. Yeah She does. I was a big Gabby Hanna fan. Me too. Abso Abso fucking. Absolutely. And I'm honestly, I just feel like she seems so happy so it's good For her. I'm happy for her. Me Too. We could talk about Kendrick's Super Bowl. Lana Delrey with the alligator guy. I don't know if you guys know the lore about All dogs Go to Heaven.


The movie. It has had me in stitches. What? Wait, is that a suicide boys thing? No. Oh. But like A song called All Dogs Go to Heaven. I guess that's like, it's Probably people play on, is it? It used to be when I was little. Okay then I am gonna like, I do want to tell you this. I have cried about this like seven times in the past like, and I've never seen the movie here I go, oh, I go like All Dogs Go To Heaven came out late nineties. It's an older movie and it's like a kid's cartoon that is apparently about, it's probably to teach younger kids about like when their dogs die and like it's kind of a, people say it's, it's a sad movie, right? Yeah. You've seen it. Would you like to give me any additional Lauren?


Not in years. I just remember like the German shepherd's name is Charlie. Okay. So the little girl who voiced the girl on all dogs go to heaven. She was just like a little like five or 6-year-old girl. And, I. Forget what else she voiced. She also did a land before time, like one of the dinosaurs. She voiced dinosaurs that right. And she was like a five or 6-year-old girl. Her name was Judith Cy. And look how cute she was too looked, she such a little chicken. Right? And sh she gets like not famous but like some notoriety for voicing these characters land before time and she becomes kind of successful. She's making some money from it. Whatever Her dad murders her. What in like before all dogs go to Heaven came out like she had just finished.


Oh she had just finished doing all of the like voice recording as the little girl for the movie. And so then the guy, hold on one second, let me find it for you right now. We, I know and it like comes out that like people have come to the conclusion that the dad murdered her out of like jealousy. Like straight up like it's like fucked up. What? Right. So then the guy's voice is bur Reynolds and come to find out that the final scene of all dogs go to heaven is obviously her saying like goodbye to the dog before he goes to heaven. But the guy Burt Reynolds, who voiced the dog hadn't finished voicing his that scene yet. Oh. When he found Out after she died. So he ended up improvising the ending scene because it's her saying goodbye, watch this ending scene now knowing that now knowing that no, you're gonna actually lose your shit.


I kind of say goodbye, where are you going? And like he had to Sound little trip. Oh Charlie, I'll miss you. I'll miss you too. Squeak. Like it's completely improvised. Charlie, will I ever see you again? Oh hell no. Sure, Sure you can. you know, goodbyes on forever. Daddy, goodbye Charlie. I love you. And get that shit.


Get that shit outta my fucking face. And I. Dunno what type of mental illness. It's, but I can't stop researching more details and watching this video over and over again. I'm crying so horrible. I can't Wait. This honestly feels so good because I haven't cried In so long. Swear to God. Oh, because you got off your Lexapro. This hasn't happened to me in so long. Oh my God, Paige, wow. I wish I could say this in so, so opposite because I barely welled up and you know who I am. Oh yeah, you're An immediate am stable Rolls are reversing around you. I dunno what's going on. I know That is so fucking, I'm really happy For you holding his dick while you pees and crying and shit. Dude, I'm really happy for you. Ate Can wait really quickly. I do wanna circle back to that. Okay. Yep, yep, yep.


I'm here. I've done it. But like what, what was the context? The, or Are are we all the way back to holding a dick While? Yeah, I just, I just wanted To because we Okay. Rest in peace. Shoot to the bar. Wait. Yeah. Fuck. Wait. Red that, that is such a fucking horrible story. Isn't that just crazy? Now I need to watch the movie knowing that, but I just, oh my God. I'll watch it with you. That used to be my favorite when I was little anyway. I don't know. I was just drunk one time. And I was like, can I hold it while you pee? And he is like, yeah, sure. And like, Have we talked about this before? Maybe. I Dunno. Why is this like, I don't even know maybe, But like, so like that's how it started. And like the last time I hung out with him, I Just like to know that I'm allowed to do things. Oh For sure. But I asked him like, I just do unhinged stuff with him all the time. Like I asked how much money it would take for him to fuck Sonic the Hedgehog.


Mm. What'd he say? He, he said, well, do people know like, is Sonic real? I said, yeah, he is real. He is like, I don't know, like two vodka crans. I can, I'm sorry I ruined my own mood over here. Oh yeah, I'm sorry. No, I think we were sensitive enough topic. No, I, no, because why the fuck am I crying about all dogs? Good. I've never seen the movie dude. It Just, you don't have to see the movie to I identify with that. Yeah. Okay. He's really sad. Stop. Y'all We're like on a fucking rollercoaster. But the last time I hung out with him when I relapsed, I had him pee through my hands. And I was holding my hands like a heart. Wait, what? Were you harms Around his hips or something? No, I was like standing up to side. So he Standing I'm, and then she sent a photo to the group chat. Like a basketball? Basketball? No, like a heart.


Oh. He was peeing through the middle. It Always blows my mind when someone does some shit. I've never done. I feel like now I have to make my Nicole pee through my hands. But I'm just, I'm tired. My pussy's tired. It, it's out of off. Your pusy ISS Broken. What happened? What happened? Oh, you're telling us on the Patreon. I think I have to, 'cause it's just like graphic. I'm gonna use a lot of medical terms. Okay. I think I Just like burst a pussy vein or something. A pussy vessel. Yeah. S pussy is a vessel. Do you, do you have veins in your, in your like Yeah. Where you like nerve endings and like But like can you like fuck one up? Yeah, of course. Do you know your clits like actually huge. I'm just talking to me. But what do you mean your clip's actually huge? Like internally it's huge.


Yeah. It's like an iceberg Because like you can only see the tip literally. No. And the rest is like all underground. Yeah, it's huge. It looks like popular belief. I did take anatomy and physiology. Oh my God. It looks like a wishbone. That's Hot. So maybe you snapped your wishbone. You made a Wish. Wait, I want, I want Really, I just read Back really quickly before we end the episode. I'm doing a social experiment. I just want somebody to comment below if you've ever had a positive experience with an IUD. Because I've never heard one ever before. I've only heard horrible negative experiences. Wait, I wanna get one too. I was just thinking about this last Night. Yeah, well I'm just like, And I. I'm thinking about it. I'm like, I don't think I would ever even consider it because I've heard so many horror stories about it. But like, has anybody had a good IUD experience?


I do hear about a lot of pain, but I would love just like a little fucking Venus fly trap up there catching these potential plan B one steps. you know, like it would be nice to not pop em like Skittles. Not worry. Do you know you don't Track the period At all? I literally downloaded the Flow app like three days ago because I'm sick of this Glenn. I know. I Know what, what? This is why I don, You know, I got a text from Tana like two nights ago at 11:50 PM and she goes, when did I bleed last? I said, girl, I don't have your uterus. I don't know, I was really just grasping your straws. I always the key always to go through your camera and it's like, was I there, was I bleeding at that time?


Mm. I did that for three and a half hours before I texted you. I could not find one photo where I was confidently. That makes me feel so seen that other people do that. 'cause that's how I track my period. Like just through my camera. Because I do use, I do use the app. The people say that you're not supposed to do that for some reason, but it's like, I don't really care about people stealing my data. Oh yeah. Period. Data. you Know, do it. Oh no. you know when I'm ovulating? No. Oh, that's like, Who cares If that, that shit is so funny to me. 'cause people are like, oh my gosh, the government is like taking our data off TikTok. What the hell do they wanna do with me? Take it. I don't care. I I'll, I know you think anyone's really looking in on me like that At all. You wouldn't find much weird shit. You'd be surprised. Did you see that? What? I got my in my email. I did. Yeah. That was crazy.


I feel like the avatar shit really is my ceiling. Like you're not gonna find much weirder shit in my shit. You know, in your search. Well, like they're selling my data. Okay. Like last Google search was the moon landing reel. Like take the phone away. You guys gimme, You guys use a browser or no? Do I what? I use a private browser. Yes. Only for Yeah, You Do? Yeah. Oh, but only because, only For, Only because of porn. Porn. Yeah. Like I, I never like, if she ever opened my phone and like, oh, I'd kill myself. Really? I'm like And, I Weird porn. Just the idea of you being like, damn, she was just watching porn weirds me out. She was jacking it. Yeah. I like, I would be so at this point Jack off. Oh, you were just whacking it That too.


Yeah, it's all bad. We DJ anything but Can't believe This is my first time going on tour without macu. What? Like and now I have to like whack it like the rest of y'all. Well you we're Just whinging it on your Bus. No, no. I have to, we don't Have a private bedroom. We Don't have to in the rooms though. No. Brooke, you would literally be like, I'll see you guys tomorrow. Like I'm gonna go whack it. Oh yeah. In the rooms for sure. That's What I'm saying. Sitting. That's why my one chance I'm like this mud to shine. One time my post made a vibrator and the woman who delivered it was a traditional Amish lady. Erin, I Think she was Amish. She was a traditional something like maybe she was like Southern Baptist or Lutheran or something.


Yeah, One of those. Yeah. No, she was like, she was dressed in like traditional like attire she had. Yeah. Did you try to put her on? I'd be like, y'all got this Shit over there. No, but I was so humiliated and it was like I had, I, I'm pretty sure I had medication so I had to like sign for something. I couldn't just have her leave it at my door. It was humiliating. DayQuill and or like Sudafed and a vibrator. Crazy. That's the Don snack back. Yeah, a Red Bull and a vibrator. We probably like should be done. Like we have so much else to do. It's like crazy. But, and all my other topics, like I seriously was gonna just ask y'all if you think the moon landing was real. So I feel like we should go over to Patreon.


We're gonna review some VMAs outfits and I'm so excited to do it over there because on the Podcast sometimes we have to tell some fibs, Well with reviewing Fib. But I have to withhold some of my opinions. Dial you A little for fear of being With reviewing fashion. In the past I've gotten in trouble where it's like, here I am in my pickleball crew neck saying a well loved celebrity looks like shit on a carpet I could never attend. But on the Patreon it feels like a little more of a safe space to give my honest opinion. I for Sure agree with that. And I also do want to talk to you guys about what's going on with my anatomy, but I need to use graphic words and tell you how I broke it. So, okay. That's it. Woo-hoo.


All righty. They're killing babies in the street. They're eating dogs and cats. They're eating the cats and the dogs. Springfield. They're doing transgender surgery on illegal aliens. Phantom. They're Boarding 2-year-old children. 2024 is fucking weird, dude. Yeah, weird is all get out. Is it only gonna get worse and more dystopian and weird for sure as we ate. God, I hope you know what I was thinking. Sorry, we're off topic. Let's No, I wanna know. Just imagine like, I wish so badly it was like driving down the street in LA and you do ever watch movies like Old Times in LA and it's like you see the streets that we go on every day. I would love nothing more than like to be able to press a button and fast forward 30 years on the streets that we're driving right now and see what's there, what's gone, what it looks like.


Never are on the road. I've never had that thought about going forward. I like romanticized. Like do you think They predicted a cyber truck even 10 years ago? That'll, I saw a fucking tweet the other day that was like, I was trying to explain to someone the other day why I have such a disdain for cyber trucks. I'm sure you guys do as well. Hey, there's ugliest, there's fucking, I saw a tweet that just said, I want to see all Burning Man attendees in a Venn diagram with all cyber truck owners and see the crossover. And I realized that That like perfectly explains how I feel. The circles would just overlap. Yeah, that's just one circle. Yeah, it's just a circle. It's literally a circle. And that's, and it just, that's how I feel about cyber trucks. Which sucks because they're kind of cool. They're like bulletproof and shit. The only person who can do it is Tricia Pedos. Did she get a cyber truck?


I think she wanted one. Or Like Paris Hilton. And it's holographic. Yeah, like I, I would eat that up for Like Jojo Siwa. And there's just a ponytail on the back. Bye guys. Just a bow. We love you. Bye guys. Love you. Thank you for having me back. Hey,


From cozy breakfast nooks to formal dining areas, Ashley has versatile dining options starting at just 4 99 99. And for a limited time only you can receive a $250 mattress credit with the purchase of any six piece bedroom set. Plus get 60 months special financing on select in-store purchases made with your Ashley Advantage Synchrony credit card shop and save today only at Ashley, subject to credit approval. Minimum monthly payments required. No minimum purchase required. See ashley.com for details.


Do you know what it takes to be iconic? You are iconic. I am iconic. I love iconic aqua. I drink iconic aqua every day. Join the movement, hydrate with iconic aua. Find iconic AUA in all Kroger and Ralph stores across America. Because when you are thirsty, there's only one way to hydrate. And that's with the world's best tasting. Spring water on earth hydrate responsibly iconic aua where ation means greatness.


From cozy breakfast nooks to formal dining areas. Ashley has versatile dining options starting at just 4 99 99. And for a limited time only you can receive a $250 mattress credit with the purchase of any six piece bedroom set. Plus get 60 months special financing on select in-store purchases made with your Ashley Advantage Synchrony credit card shop and save today only at Ashley, subject to credit approval. Minimum monthly payments required. No minimum purchase required. See ashley.com for details.