
Hello And welcome back to, to the Cancelled. Podcast. Podcast. . This is kind of weird like, 'cause like in an hour these chairs are gonna be facing that way and we're gonna be saying it again. Yeah. Do you guys like our new set? We are in Philadelphia. Philadelphia. We're in Philly at The Met, which is our favorite venue ever. We're in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. I always think Philadelphia is a state, doesn't just objectively, Honestly Yes. That if You were a Victorian child and someone was like Philadelphia, you'd be like, you should name it that. That's a state. Yes, I do agree with that. But did you learn a state song? No, I never learned the state song. I'll teach too on the bus. Thank you. I'm honestly excited for that. That can be our high activity tonight. But we are at the MET Theater.


We, we have the MET Gala at home. This is the closest I'll ever be to the Met. Same here in Philly. And we have a show tonight and we're so excited. And I. Really hope you guys enjoy this episode, quite frankly because it was $6,000. Yeah, what they made us pay. Can I Apparently it's like a thing, like they have union rules, right? And. I. To me the union just feels like the cloud, right? Like I'm like you and what union, right. I Agree. Well, no I mean there is definitely a union. There's definitely a union. But I do Learn so much about like show business on the road. Like, Like dark stage. No one can set their feet on the stage for certain hours because the union says no. No, Because union needs like times out like breaks.


But it, that's like any union. It's like you have to be treated fairly as the worker. Yes. But like paying the union to have to like use the stage for, I guess it's commercial use. I guess we should Join a union. Are you in sag? No, I'm not in SAG group. Well You, you've met probably all the qualifications to be in sag. You probably just have to apply. Oh I guess, yeah. It's like acting in like anything that doesn't make sense. But you know what, to circle back to this episode being $6,000. Do you know what I find really funny is that all of the most expensive episodes of Cancelled have like tanked. Like, like the Hawaii episode was like $6,000. Granted, I don't know where I got off. Just titling that. The Hawaii episode, like bold of you to just assume people would click that like, well it looked So gorgeous, But I, we could have had like a clickbait moment there.


you know, I could have put in more work to get people to watch it, but No, but got Bit by a shark Obviously flying air here and shit. Like every, just our most expensive episodes always fucking tank. And then it's the ones where we're in like last night's pajamas hung over like, you know what I mean? Nothing. No theatrics, no production, but Do the best. I'm personally grateful for all our episodes. And I don't even care how many views they get. That's very fair. I didn't, oh my God, you really, you really bashed me into a corner There. Like what the fuck am I gonna save that I don't give a fuck. But you know what I mean? Just obviously like when you put money into production, you hope it, you know, pays off. ROI. Yes, exactly. But I mean regardless.


I'm excited to film. We filmed an episode the other day in New York City in our favorite studio. What's the name of the Company? Melrose Podcast. Melrose Podcast. They let us use, Which is ironic 'cause it's not on Melrose, it is in New York. The original one was on Melrose. I've used them in LA before, but then they've expanded to New York. And, I, think Austin. But we went in the other day to film And I. I don't, I've, I've never done that in the history of Cancelled that bat. I've definitely come in to shoot Cancelled in like a fucking mood. you know what I mean Or like I'm sad or whatever. We were talking about it kind of in the episode 'cause I was just so depressed. So not okay. Like it was bad. It was like someone get this girl a jacket and award, you know? Yeah. But it is hard obviously every single week expecting yourself to show up in the same mood.


Especially when we shoot sporadically. It's not like we shoot Every Yeah, especially when you have multiple personality disorder. Yeah. Me, you know, the other day Koho called me And He goes, he's like, I miss you so much. Like I miss every version of you. I miss drunk you, I miss, which this was really nice of him to say even this is out of our friendships character, but he's like, I miss drunk you. I miss tired. You like, I miss funny you, I miss, he's naming all these versions of me and he goes, I really miss the whole squad. Like referred to like all of my personalities as the whole squad. And I was like, by the way, I wasn't saying you had multiple personality disorder. I just wanna clear that up. I don't think I do, but I know that my father did. So it's really, it's looming and who knows these days?


I Feel like Fawn had some of that. But I definitely notice more things about my brain patterns as I, when I'm sober, obviously. Duh. I'm sober again. By the way, you guys, we don't have to make this a whole woo-hoo, the whole shebang. But your girl is tired and as you guys know, I've been wanting to be sober for a while now, but I just like, for the first time I really like couldn't just do it like that. Like I kept just like having a beer a day and like was like finally. Yeah but for a second you were like okay about it. Like you weren't like getting hammered. Yeah, it was just like a couple nights that we were like really, really partying. I think I was moderate. Like I think I, I was moderate about it. But it's still like if you have to have one beer a day, like if you feel like you need that fucking beer, there's still a deeper thing.


Yeah. That A little bit of alcoholism. Yes. So I finally was able to just flip a switch and it feels good. But it's funny because I notice when I'm sober I just have so many more like impulsive thoughts. Like I don't know how to explain it. I was thinking about this last night on stage you And I are mid show And. I'm sitting there And I was thinking like right now, like I could just start screaming at the top of my lungs. Like I could just like, I could, I could take a shit right now on Stage. I have all the time like intrusive thoughts. I always think like, what if I just started like, like burst out into song in the middle of the show. Like I want to know how you would have to react. I think I would love it. I think you know me, I love a moment to Like, don't tell me that. 'cause I might, I love a moment to like riff.


The other day Brooke ran off stage 'cause she had to pee And I literally just started wrapping Hefner like it was 2017 again. And like it, it was fun. I had fun with the crowd. They were enjoying it. But yeah, my intrusive thoughts are just so much worse When I was sober, I don't know where I, I don't, multiple personalities got me there. I don't know how I got There. I don't know either. But I'm happy for you. 6,000 bucks for this. I'm happy for you. We're gonna have a good time. We are gonna have a good time. And also the other day that another reason we had to scrap that episode because not only was I just the most sad s bitch alive, like I really was just like, I think I was just tired as well. Like I think that when we have off days, right? But the only off days we've had, were in Springfield, Massachusetts and New York City and Springfield is Paige's hometown.


So all of her hometown friends are there. The hotels attached to a casino. Like we're having a great fucking night. Like it was just like super fun. And then the next set of off days are in New York City and like all of our best friends are there and we have normally I like, I appreciate when the off days are in Kentucky and there is nothing to do and no one is there and no one wants to celebrate and no one wants to have fun, right? Because then it's just like a joint and bed and rest. But then we went to shoot the podcast And I was like, I haven't slept in a week. Like It's just, yeah, it was pretty tough. Yeah, I was in great spirits, honestly. I would've really delivered. No, you devoured. I honestly, I'm gonna figure out how to cut up like your segments and put them on like Patreon because I'm sorry. Only because it happens way more often to me than it does to you.


Where I come into an episode And, I'm like not very happy. Mm. Mostly because I'm just generally not very happy. But I was so excited. I had such a good mood on me. And then I just, and That's the as well is trying to get the both of us in like the same riffing mood is just, obviously it can be difficult. It's tricky. But then Not only that, all of our topics were like Diddy, like that girl, what's her name? Who the 14-year-old who just shot her mom? Yeah. I don't know like, and like a lot of like really dark topics that honestly you don't come to the Cancelled podcast to listen to. So Yeah, And I think that it's one thing to talk about them when you're in a mo but if you're already just like sad and then you're talking about like how awful things are happening in the world.


Like it was just like, so I couldn't put it out. I was like, oh my God. Like this Is, I do think we should circle back to that little girl who drove her car to Starbucks though We, yeah, I think we could talk about all of those topics today. Just the combo of the two was really scary. Speaking of topics that we shouldn't talk about politics, I wanna say something, 'cause obviously I read the comments on the last episode. Cancelled has always been a place where I feel like we discuss what is on our for you pages and what's getting MeMed and like what's happening in the world, right? And, I think that, I've said this a lot about the presidential election, but sometimes with the topics at hand and the things that are happening, it can feel like a reality television show and these sounds are being made.


They're eating, the dogs are eating the cats. Like they're, Yeah that's pretty unserious In a lot of ways Talking about, Well it is very serious, but the internet make It making it unserious. Like even just her fucking her earring, like that was a crazy thing to just like think about like someone whatever the Bluetooth ear and yada yada. But I do just want to clarify that. I have always said this since the dawn of time, I never want to be your factual, credible news source. And I don't wanna be any part of that problem of like spreading misinformation. Like you guys should take the time to do your own research and then obviously please do go vote. I think that I was just kind of honing in on like the meme culture that has become of the, what's it called?


Not the election, the debate. And that's exactly why I need to shut the fuck up. So I'm sorry around here more. I had to talk about eating the cats and dogs. Like it was just too good. But even that, it's like people like that's in Springfield, Ohio. Y'all don't even know which Springfield it's in. Like I do understand all of the people saying to shut the fuck up about that and listen, heard you loud and clear. Coming back every week, shooting my shot, swinging. Sometimes I'm missing, sometimes I'm hitting. I hear y'all. Okay. I'm pretty much only missing, Honestly. So there's that. Seriously though, do your research. Make an educated decision. Go and vote for what you believe in. And please God, I, I hope that no one out there is like, Cancelled podcast is my only news source and we will be more mindful than even if everything is being MeMed.


Like, you know, obviously that like Donald Trump being put to that peanut song. Like I just, it it's, it's my whole timeline. But I do understand that even though it's being meme, like I'm not trying to like perpetuate that culture. I don't fucking know. I'll shut up. We heard you. Okay, we heard you. That was my point.


The David Bar is the best four inches you will ever have. David is a new protein bar with a simple concept, the least calories for the most protein ever. It also happens to taste insanely good as you would think that something with this protein to calorie ratio would make you sacrifice on taste, but somehow it's just not the case. Obviously we know that protein is extremely important in helping you feel full. It's a crucial building block for optimal health and it's honestly difficult to get an adequate amount every single day. It really helps you regulate your energy, appetite and overall wellbeing. Plus it plays a vital role in managing your weight, promoting fat loss while preserving those hard earned muscles. Protein is the most satiating macronutrient, which helps you consume fewer calories throughout the day, contributing to fat loss, which we love. David has the most protein per calorie, so eating a hundred calories of David will make you feel more full than eating a hundred calories of any other bar. My favorite obviously is the chocolate chip cookie dough. I eat one in the morning and it keeps me full until the afternoon. Not joking. David has 28 grams of protein for only 150 calories with zero grams of sugar. David comes in four flavors, chocolate chip cookie dough, cake batter, double fudge brownie, and blueberry pie. And they're all so good. You don't need to work out to feel the benefits of more protein in your everyday life. Personally, if I'm gonna have a sweet treat, I would like for it to be rich in protein just because obviously it makes you feel full and satiated and it helps you consume fewer calories from other snacks throughout the day. You can order a sampler@davidprotein.com slash Cancelled. Again, that is david protein.com/ Cancelled.


Do You know what's been just stirring my soup, Keeping Me awake at night? Okay, what is it? It's totally not the insomnia from going sober and just, this is the only thing that's keeping me the fuck awake at night. And I. Just wanna, before I even get into this, like the two people I'm about to talk about, I love you more than life. Okay? I love them so much. But I get a text the other day from Ari Aguire, oh no, where he says, I just met, I can't even say it like my voice, like, it's like actually can't come outta me. He said, I just met Adam Sandler. Him and Suede Brooks are sitting on the side of the fucking road in New York City.


They're eating their meal and Adam Sandler walks by in his basketball shorts and they have a quick convo with him. They then text me about it. They send me a voice memo detailing the interaction. I have so many thoughts, I really don't even know where to begin. Okay. I'm personally a conspiracy. I think it's a conspiracy. I think it was an attempt to upset you. I don't doubt that they saw him because I, you know, it's, it's likely that they saw him, but it's like, like what are the odds? Adam Sandler is stopping to have a conversation with Ari Aguire. You know how new I've thought about this so hard. you know how New York cafes are set up and they have tables by the doorway.


Maybe he went in to pick up an order and as he was walking out of the doorway, they're sitting at the table adjacent to the doorway. And somehow that has started a conversation while he's maybe waiting For a car. But what's the conversation? What could Ari say to whip up a conversation? Don't you feel like Ari is so like, Hey Adam, like CO and so is suede. And then them together. Like, oh, it's just like, I don't wanna doubt them, but I think it could have easily been pushed because like, I've personally done this as an embellisher myself. Like if I see someone in public, I'm like, obviously I met them. And I talked to them. I'll never forget one time, did we talk about this on the pod? No we didn't. We talked about this on the Patreon. Brooke And, I. Were in like a massive fight, like Jorts gate level, fucking blow.


A big summer blowout fight. And so just imagine, obviously we're mad at each other, whatever. And like a day goes by and we still haven't talked since our fight. And I open up my Instagram and on your Instagram story is Adam Sandler like 50 feet away from you. And obviously in a probable world, had we not been fighting, we probably would've been together. And, I. Just remember I didn't sleep like I, I was shaking in bed. Like I couldn't. He was, and shout out Frankie Jonas, honestly, because We do love Frankie Jonas. If it weren't for Frankie, I would not have been able to proximity, get anywhere near Adam. But he was in the little celebrity box at the Jonas Brothers concert. And I did say, I said, Hey Adam. And he said, Hey, that was the whole conversation.


I'm still I mean again, I I would be just fully nothing but happy for you. Actually, no, fuck that. I'm not happy for anyone that meets Adam Ziman. That isn't me. I'm just gonna fucking say it. But here's what I will say. That's your heart. I know. It's just jealousy. Like I'm just so fucking jealous. Like genuinely I'm so Fucking Jealous. Here's what I will say though. I've been having people come up to me, me at the meet and greets and they've been quoting me saying like, you are the epicenter of my world. Like all the, the Walt Disney shit. Everything I said about Adam And I could understand. Now I think, you know, with the roles reversed, not that I'm creeped out by people saying that, but more so than obviously Adam And I have different, me saying Adam, like I know him.


We have different personalities And like, Like I could understand how, I'm just really creepy to him. And. I just want to clarify. It's, you know, it's nothing like that. Even the other day someone told me where he was shooting Happy Gilmore in New Jersey and it was like 45 minutes from where we were. And I didn't go there. 'cause I felt like that's not I what I should do. I don't wanna hunt him down, do you know? But I want you go, actually, Sorry, I had a fan come up to me on the street the other day and she goes, this is so crazy. I just ran into both Adam Sandler's daughters And, I go, where are they? Because imagine we befriend them, But then like there's just too like this, there's too much evidence. It's fucking Weird. You're right. Digital footprint, we always fuck ourselves up like that For sure.


And it's again, we're just so close. Like I keep seeing these comedians adjacent to Adam Sandler text you or text just I it, I just feel so fucking ugh. Anyways, It's gonna happen. It's gonna happen. Manifestation is real. Literally everything that we've ever spoken out into the universe, we've gotten. This is what I'm just gonna say though, except For a boyfriend. It's for like, like Ari for example, it's like I told him that it was the equivalent of like if someone gifted me a crocodile Birkin, right? Like he loves luxury things and like, you know, there would be buffalo sauce inside of my crocodile Birkin within a couple weeks and Ari would be genuinely disheartened that I was given this and he wasn't. Right. Yeah, I agree. Like same with like what a suede love like diamonds stack of and private jets stack of Yeah.


Yeah. I can understand that. There are opportunities where suede could see me in them and be like, like I might deserve that more than Tana. Right? And I just feel like this is one of those situations where it's like, that is why I can't feel happy for them because I, It's okay to be happy for somebody and also jealous. Like that's how I feel about a lot of people's careers that I look at. I'm like, God, I want that career so bad. But I'm like also happy for them. And See, I feel you with that. I don't know, there's just this weird disconnect and maybe I'm just fucking weird. Maybe I'm just No, You're gonna meet him and it's gonna be way more intimate and amazing than that experience. And you're gonna be so grateful that that wasn't your first experience with Adam Sandler. I'm so confident about it.


That's right. It's not even funny. I'm gonna do a sweet 16 surprise for you for your 26th. But also maybe I never need to meet him. Like maybe it's nice to always have something. Did you say, how old are you? You're 26? Yeah. Yeah. How you're 28, 27. 27, 27. Like that's a dream age for sure because that means you like made it out of the 27 club. Like You're, you know. No, I still have got a two more months. I think you'll do it. I could cro at any second. What was I gonna say? Oh, I, I guess just my entire point was like, maybe I do never need to meet him. So I always have something like, you Know, right. I like for some people to remain like actual magical celebrities.


Like I feel that way about like Miley Cyrus. I never want to be even in the same room as Miley Cyrus because I actually idolize her for, so like, she's my one person that like, that's, I would done anything hard. It's Like God, like maybe that's why people love God so much, you know? 'cause they're like, I can't meet. Like that's how I feel About it. you know? People meet God all the time. That's actually true. I've hit some wax pens and definitely taken some mushrooms that got me there. Wait, You know what I was thinking about my, my thought of Miley Cyrus reminded me of this. I don't know why I was laying in bed last night and re remembering. My grandma used to take me to Barnes and Noble like literally every day. It was my favorite store ever. And she would read a whole book, And I would go through every single J 14 Magazine. My parents would frequently drop me off at Barnes and Noble too. It's the best place in the world to go Like free babies 'cause you can get lost in there.


So I would read every single magazine. And I was remembering like, why was there so much evidence? Like, or like there's so many articles. Justin Bie or not Justin Bieber, Jonas Brothers, Miley Cyrus. Like All About how they were saving themselves for marriage. Like how they weren't gonna have sex until marriage in like these children's, no, Remember the purity ring? I like, I remember, this is crazy when I think about this now, actually, I remember wanting a purity ring had one so bad. I had one Because Jon, my brother saving myself for Nick Jonas. Oh My. And when Nick Jonas got diabetes, I thought it was, no, I'm Not kidding. I held Was a vigil.


It was like I was so distraught. Like I thought I needed my own pocket insulin just in case I ran Into him. I'm so worried about him. I saw him at the Jonas Rose concert. And I was like, I was literally checking on him like, do you think his blood sugar's high? Oh My God. It was really, it's so funny though. I that is so like the purity ring of it all. I remember that. It was just, I just like, I can't imagine somebody being like, somebody a a teenager. They were like 14 being asked about that in an interview. Now that would be so inappropriate. Like, hey, so are you gonna have sex before you're married? That's every interview of every 2000 child Star ever. Crazy wasn't that long ago. you know what I mean? Like I understand like how horrible we were to like Britney and like, do you know that episode of Howard Stern where Anna Nicole Smith is there?


Of course he's how much do weigh, how much do I step on the scale? Of course. But I like, who's that guy who was like, like Who's Like, leave her alone. Leave her alone. She doesn't want To. Brittany alone. I love Him. It was so sweet. Even the Olson twins, do you know that they had like, like big news publications Big, we were just talking about the Olson twins. That's why it reminded me of this. But like giant news publications were doing countdowns until they turned 18, like on their 18th birthday and shit. Like, it was like real Actually terrifying. And like asking them all about that before that, that was like literally up until this generation of social media stars and child stars, that was a thing. Like the demi lovato's of the world dealt with that. Lina like, I guess it was, yeah, it wasn't that crazy. 'cause like even I just saw a clip of Courtney Kardashian talking about like Justin Bieber saying like, yeah, I just did a whole shoot in Bahamas with Justin Bie Bieber.


He's, and they're like, how old is he? She's like 16. I'm like, oh shit. Oh, it's Kim. Oh, okay. But And like yeah, Courtney's the one who has the kid, Even with all this Diddy stuff, I'm seeing a lot of stuff like, and as a believer I've been like on the edge of my seat waiting for this to really c like come to the public light because I really thought when he released like Lonely, like that song, those lyrics, that video, his performances of that several other songs. But that one, like specifically that it and like the yummy video, all of the Easter eggs in that how it, like people say that it's a play on Hollywood kind of feasting on young people, whatever. I thought it would all come to light then and like it didn't and now it's all finally coming to light.


Like how horrible Justin Bieber was treated. Yeah, by every celebrity too. Like just the sexualization of him by like women celebrity, just everything. It's, it's fucking nuts. Like Yeah, he had a, but I'm glad he's doing better. The baby was born. Yeah. I feel like he and he'll do everything in his power I think to protect that kid from everything he went through. Which I think is in turn a beautiful thing and all you can do with trauma. But Yeah, I remember how protective he was over Billy. He would like cry over it. That's so sweet. Because he probably saw someone, so much of him himself and his rise to fame in her and just, I can't imagine how emotional that is. I always say even I like genuinely feel a protective attachment to like these younger TikTok stars who are like, you raised me and like whatever.


you know, like it's like I hope they don't have to go through like shit I went through now. Yeah. I hope it's ever changing. And that's just like one, 1000th of obviously I think we're headed in the right direction at least. Yeah, I wanna talk about the Diddy shit, but I feel like everyone's just kind of beating it into the ground. It is fucking nuts. It's so crazy. I just like, I don't know, it's just is hard. Like I'm like Sarah Jessica Parker is in the photos. Like I'm like, I don't know if I understand what is going on here That I, I was saying this when we shot, but I genuinely do think this is going to take down like a fourth of Hollywood. Yeah. Like I think everyone was involved, everyone knew something. Kat Williams has said it forever. Like Charlamagne has said it forever, like of don't go to Diddy parties.


Like it's all been, that's what's crazy is there's never been a case like this. I was just watching Diddy on a talk show in like 2005 where he's telling the talk show host, I don't remember who it was, but he's telling the talk show host. Like, yeah, I put locks on all the outside of my doors at my parties. And, I make my parties really hot so that people get more, the girls get more drunk and they stay and like yada y like it was, it's like the definition of hiding in plain sight and that like the power trip of it all. Like it, it's, Yeah, but maybe it goes along with what we were just saying where it's like things like that were like, okay then not okay but like it like it's way, just a way different, different culture now and like we are way more cognizant of things like that now. Whereas before it was like people didn't care as Much, just got away with saying a lot more.


But I think that, and obviously as well, like maybe with like rap culture, a lot of the things he would just say about like having sex with women and stuff like that. Obviously people are just like, well he's like being a rapper and fucking bitches. Right? But it's so not, and the charges are so not and it's n it's just fucking nuts. And so many people have been saying it. It's crazy. I also, I keep seeing everyone talk about the thousand bottles of baby oil, right? And obviously I think all of that shit is insane, like having thousands of IV bags because all the people participating in your freak offs are gonna be days of dehydr and they seized so many drugs. So it's like you're flying in all of these sex workers across state lines, across all these things, feeding them drugs, making them do things that they don't wanna do with your power.


And this is all like confirmed, this is all like, this is all in the indictment and then they seize your house and find like thousands of sex toys, thousands of bottles of baby oil. Thou like thousands of iv. Like that doesn't look good. And it's all on tape. And like those tapes were being used as like a power play. Like he was saying like to every celebrity, like, oh, you're not gonna fucking expose me. I have this video of you doing X, Y, and Z. But then now that's what's fucking him obvi. That's what's gonna put him in jail for life is the fact that he recorded all of it, you know? But Ugh, that's so crazy. I saw that something where he was like refusing to eat jail food because he's afraid someone's gonna poison him. But I'm like, if you're not guilty, you're not afraid of someone poisoning you. Like someone's only gonna poison you to protect themselves. you know what I mean from getting, you know, exposed or whatever it is.


But like, like you said, it was like literally hidden in plain sight like Eminem says, like the day Diddy admits that he put out the hit that got pop killed And the like, what's the, the other Eminem lyric where he is like, he spells rapper without like the other p and then he says like P Diddy and like all this stuff. And like it's a little nuts. I mean it's, it's all been in like fucking plain sight and to deny a $50 million bail. Like he, he put it up, he said, here's my $48 million house. Here's my $2 million house. I didn't know They could do that. I Like, yeah because if they think you're gonna tamper with evidence or you're just a societal harm, Well then, then I feel like you shouldn't, they have just not set bail I guess.


you know, I never, I just recently understood bail. Like, you know that when you get that money back after you're like, after you go to court If you're not guilty After it goes to trial or whatever. Right. Or if you're guilty. Here we go again. Listen. I don't Know. Well, yeah, you know what? Scratch that one. Google Search away. Open that new tab. Tab and educate yourself. Well because I always used to think like it was so crazy that people were able to put up like a million dollar bail. But then someone told me that. Yeah, like once it goes to court, like you get that back or like once there's a verdict you get it back. That's interesting. I didn't know that. I didn't Know that either. And it's honestly probably not True. But back to the baby oil, now there's all these conspiracy theories because, have you ever seen GHB?


Yeah. Have you ever done GHB? Not on purpose. Very fair. I only know about it 'cause of that LA promoter who got in trouble for it. Do you remember that? And it was like a whole thing. There were like text threads like saying like, yeah we gave him G like G or whatever they were calling it because that's, and then the girl died in her sleep. A lot of people. Yeah. 'cause you can't mix it with alcohol. And ironically it's the Roofy drug. Yeah, they left, they literally gave it to her, left her at home and then it was like a promoter that like we used to see out all the time and now he's just roaming the streets running free. It Is so common and sad. It's crazy how many parties I've gone to or artists I know or people who do it recreationally or people who like choose to do it and like pass it out.


Aren't even People because it's roof in essentially, right? Yeah. It's Like it is roof in. Yeah, but it's, it's like an oil essentially, right? So you can just like, trip, trip. So people are saying, was it, was he raiding the diaper aisle or were those filled with GHP? Like, Well did they I mean? I guess that's an easy check for the government anyway. Like Yeah, I guess that's true. I don't know. I'm done. I I really am just like, Yeah, maybe we get to a more hooty topic than P Diddy. I guess it's just, it is fucking nuts. Like it's, It's horrible. And I hope that he honestly goes away forever. I hope to God that nobody kills him in prison because I feel like that is a bummer.


I want him to suffer for his whole life. Yeah, that's, there's just so many victims and watching all the victims come forward, it's, it's just like so fucking sad and it's crazy. And I hope. I really do hope that this maybe sets a precedent for a change in the power dynamic in Hollywood. Like I am. I agree. Do you think he got like super terrified when that r Kelly shit dropped? No. And that's you A sad, I think he was probably so still tripped up on power that he was like, you know what I mean? I don't know. Ew. I was gonna segue into a lighter note of the news and talk about that. Was it an 8-year-old girl who drove how many miles? What is it ever written Down? I don't know. I think it was like a long way. An 8-year-old girl drove 30 minutes to a target from her house.


She stole her parents' car and drove 30 minutes to target to just get a frappuccino and then she spent $400 and like they found her. Right. That is so insane. I think it's so It's until like someone gets killed on the road and there was an 8-year-old behind the wheel. And not to make it so dark because like No, I'm immediate re immediate apology. It's funny, It is funny. The thing is, is obviously all is you taught her To drive though, because like, that's not a thing. You can't just like get in the car and like guess If you put me in a car one minute from my house and said, drive back to your house. I could not do it. I'm obviously, I don't drive. But obviously neither does she. I'm so directionally challenged.


I can't believe she made it to a target 30 minutes away by memory. Maybe She does. Maybe she had one of those toys. Hi Amari. Can you believe I didn't even know you were in New York. That's how crazy. Like how like is that not insane? Hi, my Little chickie, my little brat. Summer Chickie. How's going? It's going good. We're talking about the 8-year-old who drove 30 minutes away from her house. She stole her parents' car and drove to a target dude. And, okay, so then again, then she spends, then she spends 400 bucks. I would pay 400 bucks for a TikTok hall to come give it to us. Girl. Wait, I just, we so she, she had intent, you know what I mean?


Like that means she just like, she really had a vision. It was premeditated because she brought the card, she took the car. She's eight. I'm trying to think of what I Was, was doing What? Frapuccino diva what? Frappuccino. Like I just, and just imagine It was double chocolate chip. Imagine you're just like shopping and you see an 8-year-old just all by herself. Frappuccino like in hand. What do eight year olds even like, like I guess makeup and skincare. Well now They like, like fucking drunk elephant. Like I liked like limited too, But like slime and shit still. I'm trying to think about what Kiki likes. No, they're like, Kiki doesn't like slime. Kiki likes slime. Kiki's my goddaughter. You guys, I'm so wholesome. You think Kiki likes slime? Kiki likes slime.


Kiki likes Olivia. Rod Arrigo. I dunno, I'm thinking about my niece, but she's 12 and even if she took the car, like everyone would be dead Me. But now Kiki likes Apple Pay, so that's Oh great. She's definitely growing up. Like I, I missed the Christmases and days when it was like, wait, You wanna hear something funny? Tell me, I'm talking to this guy. And I made him make a TikTok account 'cause he doesn't have a TikTok account, but I wanted to send him tiktoks. Okay, did You just say you're talking to this guy? Y'all My bitch is booed up. Okay. I'm Budd up and I'm, And it happened, so it didn't happen so fast. Actually it happened at like a normal amount of time and I'm really happy.


I think he's a great guy so I'm fucking Stoked. He is the nicest guy I probably I've ever talked to and I'm obsessed with him, but he doesn't have a TikTok. Okay. And that wasn't gonna fly with me because there's so many times in a day, like I don't wanna text someone a million tiktoks in a day. That's I do. That's Embarra saying he doesn't have a TikTok. See, I, that's, that to me is embarrassing. So I'm like, please make a TikTok account. And he made one and it's like, his name is like Jake 4 5 6 5. Like, it's like a, a random username. Okay. Like no trace of him whatsoever. The other day he gets a follower and he is like, how the fuck did I get a follower and it's my 12-year-old niece And, I. Go. Did do you think it just showed up like Brooke Schofield follows or like maybe like, doesn't it like recommend people?


My h following is also hidden on TikTok. Like you can't go to my following And it's not like people you may know 'cause it's not like she has his phone number. So it's like, how did she find, he has zero videos, no photo. His name is like nothing but numbers. All, all people. She's better than the, than the sleuths. She is, but I'm like, what are the odds of that? That Is really crazy. I wonder why I'm like, Cassidy, how did you find him? She's so funny. Wait, that, That is so funny. I, but I swear these, this generation of kids is like tech technologically smarter than we are. Like It's, oh my god. I met this little girl the other night. I think I told you about her, but she was like, she was with the, at the family that was sitting next to me at that restaurant. This is from our scrapped episode guys. She, I am not exaggerating.


She's the most beautiful girl I've ever seen. Me and baby were like staring at her and like, it was like creepy. We were like, holy shit. 'cause her eyelashes were like black and so long and she had like yellow, like actually yellow eyes. It was like the most unique girl I've ever seen. And so finally after staring at her forever, I told like turned to her family And I was like, she is literally the most beautiful girl ever. And they're like, thank you, blah, blah blah. And then Please, please tell what the part of this story that made me sob uncontrollably. No, it was so cute. So we're like on the side of the street 'cause we're in New York, so like obviously people are passing by and stuff and like a lot of people were coming up to me like saying hi, whatever.


And at a certain point she turns to me and she's like, hi. Like I'm blind. So she like grabbed my hand. She's like, I'm blind. The mom, the mom, okay. Yes. The mom. And she was like, I just want you to know like that says so much about your character that people are willing to come up to you and like, you know, like you have such a special energy for people to feel so comfortable, yada yada. And she like literally made me cry. But then as soon as we stopped talking, I thought to myself like, oh my God. Like she doesn't even know how, she doesn't know what her daughter even looks like. And that is the most beautiful little girl I've ever seen in my entire life. It made me so sad. I don't know why. I know why. And it's like, you know, she probably hears it all day long. Like, 'cause like there's no way these people, people aren't stopping this girl on the street.


She like doesn't even look human and like she probably just has to guess. But they were such a sweet family and they kept talking to us and like told us so many things From Texas. How did you like if, if this is like an OG blindness or like a Well what do you mean? I'm like, how recently? Like I can't, you can't say I say that have to. No. Well they also, But there's a politically correct way to ask. No, there's not. No. Is there, There wasn't. But like is she I mean? She was looking right at me and she took my hand and like, and you could see that she was blind. 'cause like you could tell, but she also like, was beautiful. Her makeup was done. She had like a perfect wing. I'm like, how'd you do that? But she was like, I can't see you. But like I can tell you have such a good energy. Like she was so sweet. But it just made me so sad to think that like she literally cannot see her daughter.


I Always like, I really always wonder and think that was blind people. Like, you know what I mean? Like did they become blind? So then they can have like visions in their imagination of what things look like. Or being born blind is crazy 'cause it's like truly nothing. I think I would truly, well I don't know. Would you rather be born blind or Or become blind? Become blind? Yeah. But then it's like, do you mourn like what you used to see? For sure. But like, having ever seen it, That's like a privilege I guess. Yeah. I just think, I don't know. I might not wanna know what's going on out There that says everything about you. And I though. Well, I would just be so sad. Well, I guess you can imagine though, at least you could, they could be like, oh this is at theater.


And so I could be like, I I, you know, I would know what that looks like. Yeah. Or like this is a brunette. Oh yeah. Someone said being born blind is like seeing out of your elbow. Paige said that the other day. We'll have to fact check. Check that one. Do you know when it happened to me the other day? What? I was at ki in New York. Okay. And I ran into a girl and she was like, oh my god, it's so nice to meet you. And she was like, I wish I had tickets to the show tonight. But like, I couldn't get 'em or something. So I was like, oh, like do you wanna come? Like I'll put you on the list. She's like, oh for sure. Like I put her on the list with her friend, whatever. And I sent it. I sent it to whoever needed to see it. I said like, can you get them tickets for tonight's show?


Right. Tell me why I come off stage. And they are sitting side stage like these two girls are sitting side stage. Like, like Someone gave them All access. Like someone gave them all access. Like complete Were they in our green room before the show? But they, No, but they, well we Left in our upstairs the green room after the Show. No, 'cause I ran into them on the way to our green room. But I literally saw them And. I was like, I don't give a fuck. Right? Like I'm, I'm down like two girls bring 'em to the green room, who gives a fuck? But I'm thinking about all of the other characters and people who were there and like their se like obviously other people are more secretive with their online presences and the things that they choose to share. Like we share everything.


Some people like don't share getting hammered. So they didn't Come up with us. 'cause obviously we had to get in the elevators and stuff, so I just left them side stage. But I was, I went around And. I was like, who gave them all access passes? That's iconic though. Like they'll tell that story for the rest of their lives. I know. And bless her, their heart. Like, it's not like she wasn't like a like imagine That happened to us for like Yeah. Like you accidentally got all access. But like, like that's, That's it is so, it is hilarious. It just what happened to us? Apparently someone snuck in. Nevermind let, just Don't give Ideas, not give anyone any ideas. I made a TikTok the other night. It's funny 'cause we talk about this a lot. Like when you go into touring you learn a lot. Like it's not like someone gives you a handbook. You learn from all the other people.


Like obviously our tour manager, our merch girls, like every our security like everyone else who's here with us kind of does this for a living, right? Like our tour manager after this is going to join Sabrina Carpenter. Like he just hops from tour to tour like, and he has for like 15 years. So obviously you just kind of learn all the lore from people. So, but after a while of touring you forget that this type of shit isn't just like that. You haven't always known And I. Guess that it isn't common knowledge. And I made a TikTok the other night. All of this is a champagne problem by the way. I if you told me with the dirty door that I was ever touring, a bitch would pass out and need fucking CPR. Okay. Like I'm just saying, I'm just discussing my current environment. Okay.


I made a fucking typical Tana TikTok where I was talking about how hard it is every night to get out of the bed and then while the bus is moving, be like subway surfer and like go all the way to the bathroom. And then in the middle of your sleep you have to obviously remember you cannot flush your pissy wads of toilet paper. Yeah. And that's how it always happens. Or You clog the toilet again. I'm still still working through these tenana clog the toilet allegations. It was never me. But I, I digress. And I make this TikTok. And then people started asking me all these other questions. They were like, what if you have to shit. And I realized that hot bagging is one of the many things that I learned about in the touring world.


I just learned about something else that you were actually asleep for that I'm gonna tell you about after this. This I'm afraid. But hot bagging is, okay. So obviously if you, you, you can't shit in the toilet. Like there is like a colander. Strainer think like you are rinsing iceberg lettuce in the sink, but like mini in the toilet. Yeah. Okay. Like it is just for your pee pee. And so if you have to shit, you have two options. Okay? One of which is you walk up to the bus driver, okay? Who's driving the bus and you tell him, Hey sir, I have to poo poo, can we take a stop? And then that's up to you. I guess if you wanted to side of the road it.


But if you're on a highway, obviously you can't side of the road. It like, if you're in the middle of the forest, you could theoretically find a good bush or go to a gas station in the middle of nowhere, in the middle of the night. Often a lot of crackings in these random places also just, you don't, now we know our bus drivers so well. But that is because we've spent the entire year with him and we have just now gotten to know him in like as more than just our bus driver in the past couple months. For a long time it is just a stranger. And like you have to go up there. We had a different bus driver. I had to do this once. And I had to go up there to this man that I have never met and be like, I'm shitting water. No.


And take, right? And so then all of that being said, if you cannot make it to the bathroom, you have to do something in the touring world that is called hot bagging. Where you put a bag into the toilet, you shit in the bag and then you carry your hot bag away like a school lunch. And why and where you Call it, put it though. And where do you hot bagging? Like why couldn't it be like, why did that have to end up being the coin? But where do you put it? 'cause it's like, then is it, that's that's just like until you can get to the nearest restroom probably. Or it's like you put it in your bunk and you Probably like, I don't, I could see like a boy band maybe thrown it in the trash can. I've heard some stories like that. But I think our our girly pop tour would probably girl stop and throw it away.


I think that would sneak Up the bus. Yeah. Do you know that one time I had to tell Richard to pull over because I was gonna throw up. Okay. I was gonna throw up and we were in the middle of the desert. Okay. Like literally not anything within a hundred miles. And so I get out, I throw up And, I get sprayed by a skunk, sprayed by a skunk. I tell you dude, The next day after this, I was so scared to even look you in the eyes. And, I get it. If that Shit happened to me, I would be livid for 48 As well. She didn't like really get me thank God. Like, but it was petrifying. Like Have You ever s s me by a Skunk? I've never seen a Skunk.


What? Oh, it's such a like we see so many skunks in Arizona. It's like a thing. You'd think you'd see them in Vegas then. I don't Know. I don't know. There's some things like, do you guys have Soros? What's that? Probably not sro, like the pizza place. Oh Klo. Soros are like the traditional cactus. Like if you see a photo of a cactus, it's like, you know one and then it has like the arms. It's like a, but those Writing a letter w literally Almost exclusively grow in Arizona. So like that's our cactus and they're everywhere. And a soro takes like literally a hundred years to grow this much. Oh wow. No, so not like, not quite right. But like Soros that are like super tall mentally they can be like 30 feet tall. They're like 500 years old.


And so it's a, that's federal crime to tamper with or remove or move a soro cactus. I know About like that kind of stuff. Yeah. But I don't know why I'm talking about that actually. Well I've never seen a skunk, but I keep having nightmares where with skunks in them. I had this dream the other night where I was with Megan Fox and we, they were hella skunks Really? But I've never seen a s sunk. I had a bad nightmare the other night too. My dreams are just, I can't even get into them. Circling back to hot bagging. Oh right, sorry. Do you Know a new term that I just found out about the other night in the touring world? Oh no. Waffle stomping. Okay. But that I've done before. Have you never done that in the shower? You've shit in the shower and then stomped it down a down the drain?


No, but I have thrown up in the shower and stomped it down the drain. That's fine. But I'm like, So, but like deliberately going Into the tour Bus, so sick. That's fair waffle stomping. But I knew exactly like I heard the term waffle stomping and in my head I just knew exactly what that meant. That's What KOA said to me. But then I was saying it to other people and they were like, what the fuck? Obviously, what the fuck are you talking about? But Mako is Like, well no, I've never shit. Actually I did shit in the shower once. I actually accidentally, it was like, Like water. It Was like one of those times I had like such bad food poisoning And I like wasn't even okay. So I just had to like lay on the shower floor and then I was like, oh, I, I don't know why I am sharing this Dude. I like do the most disgusting shit ever. So like I have no room to judge. I just, something about deli especially just the fact that my tour manager knew about this because that means someone somewhere has deliberately walked into a tour bus shower and then waffle stomped their solid shit.


I can't really rubbed me the wrong way. I can't wait till we can afford a bus with A shitting bathroom, a Fucking shitting toilet. We Might not ever be able to because the other day I, first of all I saw this TikTok bunny XO bunny roll, jelly roll's wife. They're on tour right now. So they were on the bus, right? And she's having everyone do enemas for fun on the bus bunny. I love you so much. I seriously might buy your house, but what bunny and in a health and wellness way. Okay. Not in like a sick and twisted way, but for, pardon my French when I say this because I'm not the most healthier. Well in what sick and twisted world are we all in the front of the bus shoving a saline enema up our ass, obviously.


Do you know anything about enemas? Lore? I've never enemas. It's essentially like, it's like saline liquid that you like go upside down kind of and fill your bung with Bung. I'm sorry, I love bung. And then it makes everything else come out immediately. You have like two minutes after enema ing to like Wait, I wanna try it. But then, so in the TikTok they were all doing it on the tour bus, then taking trash bags On TikTok. Where are the community guidelines? Well, it wasn't, their clothes were on, like they were just talking about it, but then taking trash bags and then like willingly hotbagging whatever they end a mud on the bus. And then I was like, damn, if jelly rolls crew doesn't have a shitter bus, we may never, Yeah, we may never.


And also The only person I know who ha who has ever like confirmed with me that they had a shitting bus was Brianna Chicken Fry and Zach Bryan. But maybe they're just doing it and they're not Supposed to. No. Zach Bryan bought his bus. He owns a bus. But still I'm, but I'm still just saying like they make buses you can shit on. Yeah, we're sure. Well, yeah, There's a I mean that's the, there The bathroom is intended to be functional the same way our shower is supposed to work and not have a vacuum cleaner in it. It's so funny. you know what I was laughing about the other day with Paige? What? Like that. Okay. Obviously. Yeah. Our bus's shower doesn't work. Actually if you press the shower light, it opens the gate to the, the gates crazy.


But it opens the sewage and then fills the whole bus with the smell of sewage. We've actually made that mistake before. Yeah. Shower light gate where we press the shower light button and then the entire, I'll actually insert a video of all of us. Right after that happened. We had to ride to the next city with our heads out the window like golden retrievers. But, so we got this bus a while back, right? And I was just like, give me a bus. Like I was just like, whatever. Bus works, right? We get this bus and then eventually like I call my managers and I'm like, Hey, maybe next run. Like we would love like a one with a working shower, right? Or a working Shitter. Yeah. Like a shitter. Yeah. They're like, okay, we're gonna, we're gonna put in work, we're gonna make that happen. Right. And we come back on this run of tour and we walk in and it is the same exact bus.


I do not mean make and model I mean. Not even, not even like make and model. It's literally like same artwork, decor on the walls. Like it's the same exact bus. So then that led me and Paige to having a whole conversation that that means like, that was the last bus available. Like we, like, we like someone walked into that lot, every single bus was gone and they were like, well, we'll take the, like we'll take the one with the vacuum in the shower. Like that's, it was 'cause tour buses, there aren't like thousands I mean It is like a nice tour bus though. Like I'm sure that there's like, like some, I see some people's tour buses And. I'm like, whoa. Really? I don't know if I could sleep on that. No, I do. you know what like upsets me is when I'm laying back in the bus and like our bus doesn't have wifi and then like we have cable TV but with no sound.


So like I watch Gordon Ramsey yelling and then I just fill in the blanks. Like I, I have to hear it in my head. And I. Read the subtitles. Yeah. That's good. That's what I do. And that's only when the cable wants to work. Like whatever. And then I'll watch like on my for you page, I'll get like Tate McCrae or like Madison Beer's Tour Bus and they're like Madison Beer's. Tour bus has like, have you seen Tate? Because like Star Lights. Well Tate McCree is doing Arenas The Star. No, what? I'm not. And I'm not. I know. I'm like, I we are. Nobody's Tate but crying. I'm Just saying like I just, I don't ever want to see Their bus. Not anyone. No. Like Madison Beer did a tour bus tour on her TikTok and it was like it. But it makes sense as well though. Like she's such a pixie magic.


But We could also, we could get some mood lighting. We could get some like strip Lights. Yeah. But like the vacuum's not leaving the shower, you know? Never. Yeah. But I think that says what it needs to say about us, you know? I like it. I think I'm having fun. Another thing about Tour that I think would be funny to talk about, what is it? And obviously I'm taken a now I think so. Are you? But, so this does not apply to us, but watching the like sexual tensions of tour is really funny. Like obviously when you're like trapped on a bus, like I don't mean to throw Paige and Jro under the bus, no pun intended, but Like, Like I feel like if they only saw each other in like Los Angeles at parties with people and they deny this dynamic left right up down in diagonal.


Okay. But the tension between the, I think that they're gonna get married. Married, it's palpable. I think they're literally going to get married. And I think they're such a good match. Like I just, they're both hot. I wonder in like another world, like if you were like single, like would you be fucking like the TM or like He is hot but I think he's taken like so am I. Everyone's watching everyone around. You's like sexual standards become a little different than they would be at home is very fun as well. I don't know. I really was just throwing page J under Under the bus. It's kind of though like, you know how like at school like your teachers are hot because you're at school? Or like Different analogy please.


Well at the A person next to you on a plane like Summer camp. Yeah. Like somebody next to you at summer camp, like who you might not if you think is hot at like at home is hotter because he's like one of very few. Oh My God. From oh God. I used to be so fucking in love obsessed with this guy that I was a church leader with and he was a church leader and as well And I used to always be like, damn, like if I just saw you at school. Yeah. Like it was like the fact that we were like leading God together but he didn't want my ass. It's so funny that we both fell into that. you know, that I was like, like so And I never, ever, ever missed an FCA meeting. What's that like Fellowship of Christian athletes ever.


Okay. I would orchestrate them. I was literally the first one there. The last one to leave Always. You wanna know why? Because the love of my life was in FCA and he wanted nothing to do with me. Okay. But I would follow him anywhere. I was in love with him from eighth grade all the way to my senior year of high school. I Get it though. Like no, I seventh grade. I also think that like church for me, all the churches that I went to as like a teen and a young adult, it was like obviously yes. Like the God shit. Slade, I love Mia Hill song, the God shit Slade. I like I my Love Mia Hill song moment. you know what I mean Or like a spirit. Spirit Lead M You Wear My Trust is with without board is Come on.


Okay. But also like the sense of community and like people who love you. I think when you come from like a not so loving home Yeah. And then you have like a pastor who's a father figure and like loves, you know, it's Just fun. Like young life wildlife, like ugh. So fun. Yeah. I was a young life. We didn't have, I did Young Life man man's camp. I did work, work crew at Young Life Man's camp. Okay. It was only grown men. And I was on work crew. It was obviously weird. That's different. But what I was going, what I was getting to with this man who I've literally like stalked from seventh grade on, he is coming to our Arizona show with his wife. I can't, I haven't seen him in 12 years. I can't decide. That's crazy. You're crazy. I can't decide if I want to approach 'cause Brooke And I are so fucking lucky that two of our last shows are in our hometowns in Phoenix and Vegas Back to back too.


It's gonna be interesting. They Are also almost sold out and it's, it's very like touching to me. I don't know. There's, it's a different feeling. you know what I mean to go back to a city that you once felt like you would never amount to anything in and then do a show for the people who created this life for you in that city. It's, it's just so beautiful. Obviously playing your hometown in any regard is the craziest blessing. I, I like, I, I literally have goosebumps thinking about it. I can't even believe I will probably uncontrollably scream solve on that stage. 'cause I've only ever done one other Vegas show and well actually it was a good one. I was at Planet Hollywood. But anyways, I know that you are the type of bitch to invite anyone who ever bullied you. Anyone who ever doubted you? Anyone who ever cheated on you?


Anyone who ever broke up with anyone who's ever done you wrong. So you can be like, watch me do this shit. Right. No, I did that one time. This one I'm focusing on people who I actually care about. We did one Phoenix show before. No, but you gonna invite a couple like stuck up s that like you wouldn't have kicked you with back In the day. Right. Well lot. I have a lot of people who reach out to me now. And, I'm sure you have this too, who like literally didn't give a fuck about me before and now all of a sudden they're like, I have to come to the show. I'm like, whatever. Like you can come. But like I really just, I'm more so like friends who I actually care about and like friends who have supported me and also like my family's coming, my cousins are coming, my dad is coming, my brother's coming. I can't decide how I want to approach my Vegas guest list. 'cause I have such different groups of friends and people out there.


Well my dad's like family of all My dad plus seven. I'm like, you can't have that. It's even just like the other day I was, when I was home in Vegas last, me and ma Nicole went to visit Deborah and Raj. Right. And Amari was outta town. So it was like, like I was getting the full star only child treatment. And. I was just eating it up. Right, of course. And we're just sitting talking shit with them. And Iraj turns to me and he's like, and our family group chat is named this by the way, because it's this him asking, this has gone so out of bounds. And obviously like that's our father. Right? So him be asking this let alone and just his demeanor, who he is. Like he's so funny about it. He asked us what is like, why do y'all keep saying so that's the family group chat, his name, what is right.


And he, he's just so perplexed by it because he's like, where when I grew up that was a horrible word that you could never say. And now you guys are calling like the dinner I just cooked for you, you're calling my smoked ribs. Ty like, yeah, That is crazy. I remember my mom used to say it when I was like a kid and I'd Yeah. And like, yeah, my parents would say it like negatively. Obviously it's changed so much. And so then we're trying to explain it to Raj. I have a Omar on FaceTime for backup and he's saying that would be like, Raj is on this whole tangent about how that would be like him saying like, that's so dicky. Like that's so like calling things out. Right. And I was just, now I'm imagining him side stage at a show listening to me talk about anal. Like he's gonna have a stroke. Oh. Like I don't know if I want to like subject them to the key Is to have somebody side stage.


'cause if they're side stage they can barely hear what's going on. 'cause it, it, it projects outward. I know, but they're so tight. So like I'm tight, like I'm inviting like, like I'm inviting people that I don't necessarily want to see the show and they are not getting seats. Even The other night in New York City, dude, like both nights. Okay. There was, there was a specific set of two people each night. Okay. Night one. It was JP Sacks. He is my favorite singer ever. I love him so much. And I feel so lucky that we get to call him a dear friend. He was singing his hits in our green room after the show. We filmed it for the documentary, but it was, I was sobbing. Right. But the entire show, I'm on stage and JP Sacks is singing these beautiful songs. you know, if the world was ending, you'd come over.


Right, right. And I'm on stage talking about shitting myself and anal and how I am, what celebrities have me blocked and why and yada y Yeah. But he could Down like that. But I couldn't get it outta my head. The whole show I like, I was it, it didn't even, it obviously it felt like I was performing to everyone in front of me. But in the back of my head I'm just like JP Sack. JP Sacks Night two Hunter. Granted Hunter once sat with these microphones. He has seen it all with me. Here's the issue though, hunter. Well I don't even, God let me just leave his personal life out of it. He's dating someone who I love and she's so amazing and wholesome and just awesome fucking awesome. I want them to get married. And Pure is the most important part.


Yes. Just like a pure, sweet, kind-hearted angel. And I love her. And obviously like off camera hanging out with her. I love, you know, I loved it. But the whole show, all I could think about was his sweet, sweet angel listening to me saying these things like it does fuck with my head a little. So in Vegas, I don't know how much I want to invite like the pastors and the teachers And. I'm my father and my high school science teacher, bless his heart, I'm literally, he was my favorite teacher ever. And honestly he was like the cool teacher. He was so like, he let me do whatever I wanted. He was amazing. But like he wants to come and I'm like, I don't know if you know the nature of the show. And I invited his nieces, And I try to give like the preface hard to those people.


Like even Hunter's girl, like an hour before the show I was like, listen, this is the content of what I'm talking About. At least a lot of it is not sexual this time around it's a little bit more just like embarrassing. That's True. That's true. That's true. It isn't that sexual. But like, I don't know if that makes it better. Like I talk about some extreme, It's embarrassing, but whatever. you know what These stories I will say on this run of tour are the most embarrassing. Like if two of my stories specifically, like I just, I can't, whatever you, y'all don't wanna hear about obviously what we're not talking about on the show. But oh my God. One thing that happened at one of our shows though, obviously we're talking a lot about how we feel on stage, but I do want to shine a light on y'all for a second.


Okay. And I don't wanna spill this segment too much. Right. But obviously we love coming up on stage and telling our stories, but I never want it to feel like I'm just yelling at a crowd or like essentially like they're watching what could be a video. I want it to be as interactive as possible so that it's worth the money. Yeah. And obviously all of the stories again are ones that we would never tell anywhere else. So you know, but still I wanna talk to everyone and we've had a, a various set of crowd work questions that we ask, but we always kind of fall back on like our favorite ones or like tell us about the worst thing you did after a breakup. What's the hardest you've ever gotten revenge on a guy or a girl?


Like what's, 'cause the people coming to our shows are fucking nuts like us in that regard. So we've been doing that a lot. And then at the end of the show we have an advice segment as well. First just to touch on the revenge, asking people about that. I have heard stories that make me from you guys in the crowd talking to us on stage and the balls of being willing to stand up spotlight on you in a room of like 2000 people and tell these stories. It's so amazing. And you know what's crazy about it, but not to cut you off. No one's ever shy when they get the mic. Yeah. That's like so crazy. I would be petrified and every single time everyone's like, so this is what I did. And it's, it's so iconic. It's amazing. It attest that our audience energy is very similar to ours.


But we had a girl in Massachusetts stand up for the revenge segment and she told this entire sold out theater about how her ex-boyfriend cheated on her and her and her best friend shit in a bunch of bags and then like smeared it all over his car. Like insane. Like we had a girl the other night. We don't Recommend that by the way. Who? Yeah, none of the, none of this is recommended. I'm not necessarily condoning it and I'm just talking about how crazy it is. We could go the other night, show up to the meet and greet with a letter from her parole officer allowing her Saying that she could attend the show because she is a felon. She is a felon for felony vandalism on a car, which was, I think she said she keyed it up and down, put me ketchup and mustard.


And then she stands up with the mic and she goes on this whole tangent about how first they started on the car with like condiments. Like essentially her boyfriend cheated on her and that's how it got to her. Vandalizing the car. But they started with like ketchup and mustard, whatever. That wouldn't be a felony. But then key, She said her friend was the one who did the irreparable damage. Yeah. It was not her. There's been so And I would believe My girl. There's been so many crazy ones. But the reason I bring all of this up is because we do a segment as well where before the show, I'm looking at it right now, there's a giant QR code that we put until we come up on stage and we have people submit shit where they're like, Hey, you know, I'm, and it's obviously, it's only the people in the crowd. They're like, Hey, I'm going through this right now. Like give me your advice on this.


And we call it the Cancelled hotline. Right. And we have a lot of people like, how do I explain this, Brooke? Like where they say like, I think my boyfriend's cheating on me, but he's sitting right next to me. Right. Or like they'll say like, we had a girl the other night who was like, I caught my boyfriend essentially hooking up with his mother. I don't know how to say that without that being awful. But then like they stand up and they get the mic and we ask them questions and it's fucking nuts. Right? But people are usually very 99% of the time open and honest in their submission about if they want to remain anonymous or not. Or they will put their name and say they're willing to stand up. Right. This girl submits something where she says, my best friend of 16 years fucked my man essentially.


Right? And she puts her name whatever. We start reading the whole thing. It's like my best friend of 16 years fucked. Like this guy that I'm in love with, what do I do? Yada yada, right? And we read it and she stands up and it's just her. And she's in like the very back of like the bottom. So you can't really see everything that's happening. It's just a spotlight on her. And then we have Allison run the mic to her and then Jro runs with a camera so that we can use it for like content and shit. Right? And she stands up and we're like, Hey girl, what happened? And she's like, I've never liked a guy before. Like, what else was she saying? Like, I don't normally get feelings. She was saying, She was saying it's like very rare that I have feelings for somebody, but I like really, really liked this guy.


And my best friend was trying to set us up. So she invited him out with us, blah, blah, blah. We had the best night. And then she drove him home and obviously when she drove him home, she had sex with him. And then the next day came to tell her and She rode him home. Yeah. Yeah. And so, And it's always the bitch who's trying to set you up. It's always the cupid bitch. Yeah, no, that is such a common theme. It's always like, oh my God, you'd be so cute with this guy. And then they fuck him And they trip and fall on their Day. I hate that. Yeah. But Tana's like Tana's on a tangent. She's like, okay, what is she some fucking Uber driver slut. Like, Like just going off. And mind you as well, like, it's not even just us. It's like when someone stands up and says something like that, like when that girl stood up and said like, my best friend fucked this guy.


And here's what happened. The whole audience starts booing as well. Yeah. 'cause it's like, it's it, our show, I feel like a big theme of the girls in the gays in the days that our show, it's very girlhood. Like a lot of girls stand up and they're like, I, how do I leave my situationship? And it's like the whole crowd and us giving her advice and yelling and like yada yada. So everyone's like booing and shit, right? And I'm calling this bitch an Uber driver slut. Like, yada yada. I, it's so, I can't even think about it right now without my face getting hot. This girl lets me go on this whole fucking tangent, including Brooke as well, including the whole crowd as well. We are all telling her like, fuck that. We're like bitch, essentially. And she goes, at the end of all of it, she goes, but not too much. She's sitting right next to me.


She's sitting right next to me. I shit you not, I was sitting in my little chair facing out. I got up and just laid down, laid down like a plank face, face down on the ground. What Do you mean she's sitting right? And Allison has it on video. The girl's just sitting there like this. Allison said that in her entire life, she's like never felt that like she didn't know what to do. Like she wanted to throw up. 'cause Allison's sitting there like filming, right? Yeah. It's not like the other girl was like laughing and they were like hooting. And You know, I've never seen this at any of our shows in my entire life. Imagine every single seat in here was filled with a girl doing this the Way I would've late. Oh my gosh. I know I always wanna insert the footage. Like every single crowd member, We, we should insert the footage. Every single crowd member was going like, like hand over their mouth.


The ru like, I've never seen an uproar like that. Like everyone was like, and it, we were just going in like, bitch, why wouldn't you fucking tell us that beforehand? Like, oh, like, 'cause everyone else does. They'll be like, they're sitting next to me. Or they'll tell us in the submission or like, both people will stand up or whatever. Like she made it seem as though she was there alone. And we obviously couldn't see, like everyone stands up, And, I, we couldn't see And I would do anything for a GoPro on that car ride home. Oh My God. I there, there's no way they got in the same car ride Home. They had to have fist fought. Oh my God. It was just so, so fucking bad. And I Just can't imagine. And like if, like, you keep saying this, but it's like imagine like you were that girl's idol and now like she's like my idol called me an Uber driver fucking sette.


And Listen, I did everything in my power to backtrack and be like, girl, listen, someone would say that about me if this happened. Like, you know what I mean? Like, I thought you weren't here. Like I hope you guys work it out on the remix. Like we've been through some gates like will fucking, like you can slay, you know? And there was just no backtracking. Like it was just, and then it had me thinking as well because obviously had I known she was there, I would've approached the situation very differently. But I just wonder now, like was it a setup? Like did that girl, like did they buy the tickets two months ago then She fucked the Guy? No, she had no way of knowing that we were gonna do this and get chosen. Well They know that we do crowd work, right? They know that like Yeah, like still you're right.


But like to get chosen is like very rare. But then even was she sitting there in her seat at least saw this QR code and was like, seems like a setup because I, there is a part of me that thinks, especially when I was like 19, right? Like even y like when I was 18, if like my best friend did some shit like that. And then we had tickets to a show and I'm still a little mad about it. We haven't fully worked it out, but like we're we're okay that like my petty drunk psychotic 18-year-old ass would see something like that and be like, oh bitch. Like I, I would put my like Mr. Karma hat on now. I firmly believe that karma just works in its own way on its own.


When I was younger, like, I don't know, And, I just, I want, I I I honestly really hope that girl dms me and I'll give you guys an update if I have any additional lore. But yeah, now we're, we're checking the seats next to the people and we're asking a lot more questions, but it Was, we're like, are you together? It was fucking nuts. I'm crashing the fuck out by the way. That's my term of the week crashing out. I'm creepy in life. I just, I don't know how people do actual long distance. I really, really don't. Mako was in Bali and I've been on tour and we've been apart for 14 days now. And It's not the vibe. Every single thing I do or say or think makes me think of him.


It, it's also the time difference. It's exactly opposite of where we are. So like right now, if it's 4:33 PM here, it's 4:33 AM there. So it's like, Yeah, that's really Frustrating. And with my sleeping schedule and his like the waking up at seven to surf schedule, like there's not much crossover and oh my God, I just like watch his location like a TV show. I just like sit in like I can't. Yeah, it's a seven day countdown until he gets here. And then I think my mood will change drastically. I didn't realize how much having him on the last tour 'cause he's just like my piece, you know? I know you're so lucky you got to do that. But it's, if I were just like single, it wouldn't be that it's specifically missing him. you know what I mean?


Like I just, he did, do you wanna know the cutest thing he's been doing though? I think I already showed you, but before he left my house, he took one of my Peppa stuffed animals and he's just been sending me these photos and videos. Oh, of saw this pep pig saw this going everywhere with him in Bali. Look at this one. I'm gonna insert this one. Look at this one. That is actually so fucking cute. It's so there's a video too. I'm trying to think. Wait, where she, or find it where she's in the car, but whatever. He's just been taking pep everywhere and then sending me photos, which is, Oh my God, why see him crying. Oh and this is so random, but I don't know why that made me think of this in fraternities. Like part of the hazing is like, every pledge will get like assigned like a different task.


Like, and it'll be like, like someone will be like, like chicken pledge and like ev, that pledge has to go to every single guy's room in the morning and be like a rooster and like, like cockle dodo to wake everyone up. Okay. Yeah. That's his, that's his thing that he has to do. Yeah. And they all have like different ones. Like one of them is plank pledge and like if he gets a text in the middle of day, like you need a plank on the mall, he has to go plank on the mall. And one of the guys was a flat Stanley pledge. And so he had to literally, He without my ass injections, he Never was allowed to take the Flat Stanley out of his hand in any of his classes. Anywhere he went. He had flat Stanley in his hand. He never was allowed to put it down. And if he got put like caught putting it down, he would face serious repercussions.


Why Did that make You think about like as if it was Pepper down? I'm like, was Think because I was thinking about how Black Stanley had to go everywhere. Yeah. Oh my god. That's actually kind of fucking crazy. I am flat Stanley right now. If I don't get to seven Q Spa in Glen, I'm Stanley and have them shove some sculpt in my ass cheeks. I don't know what's gonna happen. If you saw, honestly, I'm gonna insert an image that I had taken of my butt the other day. It is so concerning. It's literally, I'm not even kidding. There is no divide from my shoulder blade to the back of my kneecap. It is a straight, perfect line. There is not so much as a curve. I Feel that And I understand that completely. I genetically was born with no a Is Well mine's concave.


No, I'm talking like Hank Hill. That's how I was born. Really? Like straight like fucking, it wasn't until I got sculpture that I like Got a butt. I I need that. Yeah. And it's crazy that I, like I was watching a video meeting a sculpture the other day and they fucking based you like a Turkey with cannula. It's not needles. Like it's huge. But how long does it take to work? 'cause like right now I'm like, I'm not even kidding. I'm like topping over with these big old cannons on me. It takes like six weeks to work and that's too long. Obviously I'm never pushing anyone to get anything A quick could make me so much more confident obviously. 'cause I had no ask for, I'm Gonna gonna go to one of those people who does it in the basement, That's silicone. And then you have to cover it with duct tape and it'll leak out at like Catch la like all the, all the baddies. you know what I was I saw the other day that really interests me.


Jacqueline Hill made this TikTok, And I Love Jacqueline Hill, by the way. I just wanna say Jacqueline, I'm your biggest fan. I always have been. I've been, her sobriety journey is so inspiring. I yeah, she Looks amazing. She, I'm just so fucking proud of her. Like I, and she's really, even just now as I'm delving back into my sobriety, she is been inspiring me so much. I love her. But she was on this TikTok tangent about how she went in to get a BBL and she's saying that she still wants one. She's gonna get one after she has birth. She still wants a BBL. But she was saying that the And I just thought this was common knowledge. Right? And then all the comments were like, people need to talk about this more. Like, this is so shocking that the Plastic surgeon's office in Beverly Hills gave her a social media plan.


Like they were like, Hey, 'cause a bbl l can be like upwards of $20,000, especially in Beverly Hills. Like, hey, we'll give you half price. And then here's how step by step, like I'm talking like, like Wiki how guide on how to make it look like you didn't get a bbl L like, like, like with examples of all the other girls who have done that. Like, it's like six weeks before start posting yourself four to six times, like in the gym per week. You don't have to work out, just go in and take photos. Like all, don't show your backside in any content for like six months. Like all of this like specific instructions with how to space. And I've seen those in plastic surgery offices and they do use some crazy names as reference like of who's gotten their surgeries there and shit.


And it's just kind of nuts. That's so interesting. But it's like, I just don't believe in hiding it. I'm like, people always ask me like, what made you talk about your boob job? I'm like, well what was the other option? I was gonna pop out with fucking knocks and everyone was gonna be like Built like an AirPod all of a sudden. Lots of like fucking, I keep saying Brooke is built like an AirPod po And I. Hope you know that it is the highest compliment I would do anything to be built like AirPod. No, I say I built like an AirPod. I am. It's amazing. I'm so jealous. But yeah, I just, I've never understood hiding it. Obviously you guys know that even the other day in an interview that was supposed to be about my career and mental health and awesome things, they were like, do you have any plastic surgeries? You've hidden And I. Like went on this whole tangent. And I was like, why are you asking me that?


Like, it just pissed me the fuck off. I don't know. But obviously I never have. And I was like, you can literally Google that. I don't know why this, this should not be the content of this interview. But anyways, I just think that's nuts. And I'm getting to the point as well where I'm ready to drop some semaglutide lore on the pod. I don't know, I've been kind of making jokes at the live shows, but obviously anything that's like hidden in la like we get to see firsthand and know a lot about, and there is so much lore about Ozempic that people like clearly if the plastic surgery, how two guides have still not made it to the internet until last week. There's so much fucking ozempic lore that Yeah, some people talk about it.


Like I know like Remy talks about it a lot. Claudia Ree talks about it a lot. There's Just some shit that, you know, I'm, I'll probably get myself into trouble and get sued next year for talking about it, but I'm close. Just know I'm teetering the edge. Okay. Okay. Stay tuned. Okay, we're actually getting kicked off of this stage. And I. Can't afford another $6,000 to do so. Love you so much. Fuck. I wanted to talk about the hawk to a girl though. I just, I just wanna say like, Jesus Christ people are so fucking mean. Like you would do the, I Think she's being funny and everyone in her comments is like, But just have you seen the men on TikTok and like what they're doing, it is so mean. It's something that would happen to me. So I think that's why I like Resonate. But I just wanna say Little Miss Hawk to a, I met you.


You're so, you're so sweet. What's her real name? Fuck Hailey Welch. You would do it too for a check. Everyone fucking hating. If you were leaving a fucking club drunk and someone shoved a fucking iPhone in your face and asked you a fucking question about hooking up with someone or sucking dick, my ass would say something 10 times more vile, And I know most of you would too. And if that video happened to go so viral that you could potentially monetize that, you're telling me that you wouldn't leave your fucking hometown, that you wouldn't fucking take the opportunities, that you wouldn't make the fucking money. You people are showing And, I. Think everyone else would do it too for a check. And the fact, fact that people can't recognize and at least tip their hats to that. I'm not saying you have to tune in. I'm not saying it's of substance. Obviously we're not of substance so, or we are of substance. But our podcast isn't of substance.


I'm done. Just I, she's 21. She's a little baby girl. Okay, Cancelled listeners, We love you. Yeah, I sit on the stage. Thank you for tuning in to another episode of the Cancelled podcast. We love you guys so much. Thank you for listening. Thank you for coming out to the shows. You are so cute and gorgeous. If I don't get the fuck off this stage seriously, it's gonna cost me another six grand. But thank you to the Met again for having us. I've always wanted to go to the Met Honor. It's our favorite venue. It's big honor. Best green rooms ever. They are. So, and this week's Patreon episode, I think it's us reviewing some award show fashion that's a little late with Mcco and a high episode. Brooke's gone. But maybe I don't.


I hope you enjoy it. There's some tour BTS let us know anything you'd want us to do over there. Goodnight everybody. Time for the headliners crazy page.