
Ready for the next level of cybersecurity. October is cybersecurity month, and Gartner is building cybersecurity resilience in a complex world. From ai new to role identity and access management, to mid-size enterprise government and beyond, join the Security and Risk Management Summit 2025, the largest cybersecurity conference in North America Pre-Register at gartner.com/us/security risk. That's gartner.com/us/security risk.


Hello and welcome. Welcome back to the Cancel podcast. That was a good, strong one. Was A really good, strong one. It feels so good to be on this couch. I just feel like even just back in the real world, Like, I, feel, Like, I have so many more topics and I'm just, ugh. It's Nice. Just a reset, if you will. Yes. Back in LA How are you feeling? We're feeling great. My pitch for today's look, if you guys are, I always wanna say visual listener. I don't know what the f If you're watching this, you see that we've got some stuff on our head. My pitch for today was mean girls, I really wanted to play into the mean girl. Okay. Here's my problem with Tana. You guys, Tana sometimes will decide day of that. She wants to go with a theme on the podcast. For example, the episode where I had to wear a sexy Christmas costume.


Okay, my leg hair. But you looked so good in that My leg hair was at least two inches long. And I was sitting beside my idol and you made me wear that fucking sexy Santa costume. You didn't even tell me I was gonna have to wear it. And I was, You mocked me though. You looked amazing, But you can't day of tell me something like that. 'cause she wanted to be Regina, which is a very obvious look. But what, who am I? I was, I was pitching, I'm a mouse. Duh. You know? Yeah. Which is lingerie, by the way. It's funny 'cause I think the problem is, is that I'm going through my house right now, especially, so this is very prevalent to me. Like, I just have everything, right? So it's like, oh my God, you need to shave your legs. We've got an ator, we've got a wax strip system. We've got razors from 2017 that I haven't thrown away.


Like, you Know. Yeah. But that's not, you know, in any normal job, you couldn't be like, just shave your legs. You're right. It's definitely an HR violation. But I think everything we do is wait Really quickly, I wanna acknowledge something huge. I'm inserting, I'm inserting the photo right now. Oscar, you're not real. This is unreal. This is our hundredth episode. This is our hundredth episode. Halloween special. It's like, take the Peppa hat off, Tana. Oh my God. Really? You know what's really alarming about that? We've had Cancelled everything. We've had Cancelled for four years and it's, Oh, we haven't had it Cancelled for four years. Yes. We've had, we've had it since 20. There's No way. I was 22. Cancelled turned four like a little while ago.


Like, that's not a joke at all. But we did have like a year off almost. It's So funny 'cause it's like, to me, if you genuinely asked me before Oscar, just put that blimp in the room, like what episode we were on, I would've told you like 2 75. Matter of fact, if I was in a business meeting and like people asked me like, oh, how many episodes have you shot? I would've been like two 70, at least three. Even the other day I was again going through fucking shit. And I found that red carpet that we rolled out for our like award show episode. Yeah. They Cancelled Awards. That feels like, like the Matt Rife interview, Like I feel. Like I made that Osama Bin Laden joke fucking five years ago, a Lifetime ago. But that's the point. Like, we really have had Cancelled okay for so long.


But what, what's the, what's the date on that? 'cause it's almost four years that we've had it. And keep in mind, we erased like a lot of episodes. 2021 July, 2021. That's crazy. So anyway, we should be long pastor a hundredth episode. But nonetheless, today is our hundredth episode. That's Actually like pathetic. It's, you wanna, you wanna know why I feel that way? 'cause I look at like, therapist is on, it's like 600th episode and he started like six months ago. Oh my God. Okay. Well, and Congratulations on his four, by the way, way, you Know what, you know what I was hoping for? Like a phrase to just come to me in That moment is the thief of joy. Thank. You. I was gonna go for like, it's the Climb or something.


I don't fucking know. you know what I wanna talk about? Just off rip immediately. Speaking of Cancelled, And I, guess it's a hundred episodes, right? Last episode. I go read the comments as I do, right? Oh, I, And I had to stop. you know, I, I go read them. I go check in. I'm like, you know, what are the people saying? Right? Top comment. They're so, I don't even know what the word would be like, reserved now. Like they're so, you know what I mean? Like they're not gonna talk their shit now. Like this is, I just, I miss the old council when they weren't reserved and yada yada. Here's what I'm going to fucking say. If I have something to be unreserved about, and if my 10 year career doesn't show this as well, I have never and will never be reserved.


Yeah. If I could be reserved, I would have a completely different life. Okay. It's Not like you're like withholding information. There Is nothing I think that could happen to make me then come on this mic and be reserved. Like, I. Think some people are considering us like, careful. Like sometimes when like controversial topics come up, we're like careful, which we normally wouldn't have been. But I don't even think I have been being that careful. I don't know. Here's what I'm gonna say though. I think obviously coming off of the high of like Alyssa and Clinton and whatever, then if we have an episode where we're just talking about, I was gonna say farting, but I'm done. That's, that was the other comment. No more stop talking about shitting. I'm sorry. We all do it. Sometimes there's more. I don't If a new one of those happened tomorrow, you don't think I'm gonna come on like, you know what I mean?


Like if I saw Jason Nash panhandling on Sunset and Vi Sorry. Tana. Yeah. We're, we're waiting for a controversy to fall into our lap. I mean, and it's not that I'm preying on one, but I'm just saying anyone who thinks that I'm ever gonna be fucking reserved, it doesn't, maybe, maybe you need to read up on a little Tana Mongeau lore. Okay. Because it's just Like I. Don't know. That was blowing my mind. Like, I'll m Anyone I. Do you, did you know that you were one of the 50 most influential influencers of the year? The Hollywood Reporter named me one of the most 50 influential influencers of this year, which is very nice and an honor. And my manager sent me the invite to that. And here's the thing about la, right? Like I, just see the thing and it's like a-list influential Hollywood event.


Right? But like they call everything that in la Yeah. Like it could actually be a dinner with like vine stars and like David Dorich alumni and like addicted models and they're gonna call it like creator a-List Hollywood influencer event. So now when I just see that shit, I'm like, okay. Like Right, Right. And then it actually was like an honor and an amazing event. And I like just missed it. 'cause I assumed it was like a dinner with like Susie and Nick from the vlog squad and like, Aw man, why I didn't need to attack them. They're sweet. You didn't, they're sweet. Didn't. They can live Well anyway, congratulations. Thank you. That is a Thank you That is a very high honor. You've been so influential decorated these days.


Oh, I have so many fucking topics. I don't even know where to begin last I do too. Wait, first of all, should I start with my apology? Oh yeah. You're sorry, I forgot. Yeah, I'm sorry. I have another apology to issue. I didn't understand why it was a big deal, but like, then I saw, like once she explained it, I was like, okay, I get it. But I have to issue a formal apology to Brittany Furland. Okay. She, Brittani Furland. Brittany Furland, she obviously, she DMed me on her podcast. She said like she tried a bunch of times, Like I really don't think that. Well, I mean, I guess I believe her. But Like I checked my dms all the time. I never saw it until that day. But she had DMed me and she was like, why are you saying you made out with my husband?


And like my initial thought was like, what the fuck? Like, what are you even talking about? But then I remembered, I did say that I fully said that on your vlog, because remember when we were kind of doing like our, our little like embellishment of things that happened at Coachella. Like we saw Jeff Bezos for a, from afar. So obviously Ari ran him over. Ari did kind of run Jeff Bezos over, I'm not gonna hold you, but I get what you're saying. I think that you And I just say shit. And it's like Tommy Lee's lore. Like I love Motley Cru. I love the dirt. Like it's, you know what I mean? It's, it's a, I Wanna explain it as that. So that's, You're also drunk at Coachella and you're not thinking about Brittani for la you know, okay, Relax. She goes, this is a genuine apology.


'cause if someone came online and was ta saying, talking about kissing my husband I'd, I would come Back. Yeah. That's the thing. That's the thing. But Here's the thing. To me, Tommy Lee is like, like Justin Bieber, like, he's like one of the most famous people in the world. So I'm not thinking in my head like, that is somebody's husband. I'm thinking that is Tommy Lee. Mm. So in my head I'm like, oh, I saw him from fucking 20 feet away. I just made out with Tommy Lee. Like, but like spread the word. Yeah. you Know what I mean? Like, silly joke. It's funny you And I went to check the raw footage too, to see if we cut out a Just kidding. Didn't at all. I, We didn't. So apparently I did not say just kidding. But I think I just assumed I mean. I I know that You would know that I was kidding. Yes. I should have assumed that the audience doesn't know that. I'm kidding. Yes. Okay. So that's where I went wrong. Also, we are, you just can't say that because I mean he really, Like I did really see him.


So it's like, it is technically plausible. But the reason I feel like apologizing is because in her own comments, people are like, girl, don't be stupid. Like your husband totally did that and like it, it absolutely did not happen. It is not true at all. And they're so cute. That's the thing when I like, 'cause she DMed me. And I was like, Ooh, Britani Ferland just DMed me. Tna tna. I love tna. I'm just kidding. But I saw the Papa's crazy dude. I just looked in the viewfinder when I saw she DMed me. I love her. I love her. And Tommy Lee, I keep up with all of their lore, like his little gardening shtick and like all the stuff that they do. And her tiktoks about him being her husband and like her, she's funny as fuck. Like I. See I think if I had love her more hip to that, I probably wouldn't have made that joke.


But in my head he, it's pa like, well I shouldn't say that, but he's Tommy Lee. Yeah. In my head I honestly in my head, I barely even think he's alive still. Like I. Just think God. Well I think he's just like a legend. you know what I'm saying? But then listen to this. Listen to my luck, Tana, I I tell me why I am on a fucking JSX flight the other day. And I land at the JSX airport. There's not a person there, not a soul. I saw a tumbleweed go by and the only fucking person sitting there is fucking Tommy Lee. I swear on my life. I literally Imagine right now you just doubled down. You were like, and after we fucked in the bathroom, I'm fucking kidding. I'm fucking Kidding. My, this is after the clip is already like going around and I'm already Like I just, I don't wanna be involved in anything like that on online right now.


Anyway, so I'm like, oh my God. Like, god forbid he looks at me and like knows what happened. So then I thought about it, I'm like, should I go up to him and apologize? And then I'm like, absolutely not. Absolutely not. So I literally just like fucking sleuthed outta there so fast. And I was, that was the end of it. Yeah. But on a serious, I did not kiss your husband And I am sorry for saying that. I thought it would be like automatically everyone just knows that that's like my humor's a joke, but it's not a joke. Funny. But you know what, I'll say something really quick about her co-host, her co-host, I'm sorry, is sitting there and she's like, well it's Brooke Schofield. you know, she just makes things up. And I'm like, ouch. First of all, and here's, I'll, I'll raise you this. Okay? And if you know that tidbit of information, then you know that it is pronounced Tana.


And so I will say she should have corrected if she's so knowledgeable about the Cancelled podcast, she should have said it's actually Tana Marie Thank you. It's like what? Just what world are we fucking living in? I'm not just Like making things up. By the way I say that I like lying. I'm not just making things up all the time. I'm, I'm talking about like, oh, like well Like I kissed Tommy Lee at Co Coachella. you know what I mean? Like that's the kind of like harmless, which is actually not that harmless to lie. Maybe you guys kind of clocked me. You know what I really liked is that you went through every motion in that. Yeah. And now I'm back to apologizing.


Brittany. I was wrong. Brittany and Justice for Brittany. Stop accusing. Honestly, it's sad 'cause everyone in the comment, even Dave on BFFs switch I never wanna be spoken about on BFFs ever again, is he's like, no, I think she did it, but I'm not a homewrecker. I'm trying to think about if I have any more thoughts on this. Sorry. I came I A lot of energy. I thought she thought my name was Tana. That's really just, I was really Like I. I wasn't expecting that phonetically. But then again, Who am I to think that? Well, okay, I think it just goes down to like, if we're mutuals and like, like the cohost knowing about cancel like whatever. But I obviously people call me Tana every day in my real life. Like, you know what I mean? Do they, like if I go to the dmv, they're gonna say that I'm going there. But I'm trying to think phonetically like what, what actually make sense? Like Starbucks and shit is gonna say it is Tana. 'cause like Lana and like, Okay, but think about like Dan Tana's.


No one calls it Danton's. Whoa. And like Montana. Yeah, but does that prefix make that a different, I don't know. I definitely think my parents were stupid. Oh, do you know what I mean? Like I. Don't think phonics was their leading point. I think I'm distracted. I'm like a really high energy today. And. I don't know what to do. It's all bottled up inside of me. Listen, Britani for la I'm just kidding. I need to stop. Yeah, they you shouldn't have said that. Obviously Respect, I respect your marriage. I'm so sorry. I did not kiss your husband. In fact, I did not get within 20 feet of him. He was just behind me at some random medium. I'm upset that I was at, yeah, honestly, Doja Cat. I think you were just ill-informed drunk and making a silly joke to me that I obviously got was a joke.


And we do that a lot. We'll make jokes for each other that we assume the audience is gonna get. Yeah. Like if I Say like, oh yeah, I, I I fucked. I don't know who else is famous like that. Like Steven Tyler. Everyone would be like, ha ha Ha. I don't know though. 'cause then when you put it that way, like You think it's po maybe I just shouldn't make those jokes. That's a good takeaway. Especially with your boyfriend. Your boyfriend. I do have a boyfriend. How fun. So fun. Brooke Has a boyfriend. I feel like this is the first time in our lives where we've ever had a boyfriend at the same time. I know. Well I guess maybe like a Clinton ex, whoever the fuck I Was with that was not a boyfriend. That was a lizard. Yeah. Do you have any, you wanna share anything about your new fucking boyfriend?


I don't know. I think that like once I, it's good To not, Yeah. And once I say things I can't take them back. But I can, I can slowly say things over time. I would rather just keep this one for my, for my own self for a second. Yeah. But I'm having lots of fun. You've Been like, you could talk about how like, 'cause this is kind of lighthearted how you've been like build a bitching this man. Oh No that's not true. But everybody knows like my thing is like adapting my entire personality to a man, which is shameful and you shouldn't do it. Okay. And I feel Like I. Don't know why I do that. But Like I, I think it's like if you're insecure, like usually I'm going after guys who like, I'm not that like secure in their like it's not reciprocated. Yeah. That much. So I feel Like I have to change myself to make myself into like what they would want.


I have no doubts about this man. So I'm like whatever. I can just be yourself. I can slay in my, in my fucking, which is great. My pumpkin hat. And he's gonna, yeah, he's gonna love you for you. But I did make him buy a couple hats and shirts with horses on them. This man, Because now I've like really Like I really? Like I. Go home now to Arizona. And I'm like, you know what, this is where I came from and this is me. So yes, he does have a hat with a horse on it now that I bought him. It's just so funny 'cause this man is like hype beast galore. He Is not a hype beast. He would be so, he would be so offended if he heard you say that. He's not at all. Well He's gonna wear a graphic with like a basketball player on it. Yes. He might enjoy like a Travis Scott sneaker.


He might enjoy it. He knows he, he wouldn't, he wouldn't. He's a new balance sneaker. Okay. Maybe. Maybe he like, he just likes sports but he is not a hype beast. I like tried to say that the other day and he really got sad. Anyway, that's all my information to offer about. But Like slowly putting him in hats with horses and shit on it is so fucking funny. Well I got, that's also me with Koba though. Like you know what I mean? Like he's very like Hawaii button up and I'll be like, check out this diesel crew neck while I'm in a Peppa crochet hat. Makes no sense. Well I only got the horse things because we're gonna the ranch tomorrow. That's cute. And I can't have him wearing like a Laker shirt at the ranch. Like he needs to have like a horse on his shirt. Yeah, yeah. Obviously. Anyway, he's the best.


The days might be getting shorter but the action on DraftKings Casino is here to stay. Play hundreds of games for endless excitement. Try your hand at classic table games or set the slots on fire with fan favorites like cash eruption. I love DraftKings 'cause I get to play from home or on the go. New players can play just five bucks and get 50 instantly in casino credits. Download the DraftKings Casino app and sign up with Code Cancelled then press play on your favorite games. To join the fun, the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia. Visit www.one 800 gambler.net and Connecticut Help is available. For problem gambling, call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org Please play responsibly 21 plus physically present in Connecticut, Michigan, New Jersey Pennsylvania, West Virginia only Void in Ontario. Eligibility and other restrictions. Apply one offer per new casino. Customer casino credits are non-controllable and expire in 168 hours. Terms at casino.draftkings.com/get 50 ends November 24th, 2024. Thank you DraftKings for sponsoring today's episode of the Cancelled podcast.


Ready for the next level of cybersecurity? October is cybersecurity month and Gartner is building cybersecurity resilience in a complex world. From AI new to role identity and access management. To mid-size enterprise government and beyond, join the security and risk management Summit 2025, the largest cybersecurity conference in North America. Pre-register at gartner.com/us/security risk. That's gartner.com/us/security risk.


I'm at the point right now in life where you know how seriously I take Halloween and it is my favorite fucking holiday. I love a TWE moment. I love going full out. But there's two factors here right now. Okay, well actually three factors. Whenever I do my Halloween all out like it is expensive as fuck and it takes up all my time for the entire month and I'm really busy. Right? Right now We always talk about October being your worst month. Like, And it's just, it's photo shoots, it's full glam all day. Like I really commit to the bit to serve the that I wanna serve. And last year on November 1st, I like the way I felt was like just ex, like my skin was raw from the amount of glam and taking it off like my, my fucking scalp was bleeding from taking extensions in and out and putting wigs on.


Like. I had just spent like 20 grand on photo shoots that I'm doing all day every day. Exhausted also while going out to all the Halloween events and serving other looks like my ribs were like a little shifted from corsets, right? And a part of me was like, oh my God, I'm kind of making myself like hate my favorite holiday because of my desire to serve. My desire to serve is sucking the joy out of this for me, right? Yeah. No, and also just Like. I have a boyfriend, Like I have no desire to go out and like be slutty and hot and like be seen in that like way obviously like I'm like fucking married. I've also done so much like I've done every fucking costume. Absolutely. Ever. Right? And so this year I was kind of like, okay, if I do it, I think I wanna just be funnier with it.


Like I've, I've been every fuck I've been Pamela Anderson at CVS at this point. Like, I've been every Pamela down to like making up my own ones, right? Yeah. Like a part of me is like me and Amari really want to be like Dr. Phil and Steve Harvey, right? Like Hilarious. Like a part of me really wants to like think outside the box. I wanna be Tricia as King Tut really bad this year. Like a bunch of shit like that. But then yesterday I posted a TikTok as Like I said, going through the house I found a soap and lofa costume that I have had for five years now. And I was Like I need to throw this away. But before I do like Mako And I should just put it on and like make a TikTok and fuck around, right? And then I post this TikTok and it's like, first of all, I forgot how much a struggling influencer can really just get their money up and not their funny up with Halloween engagement.


you know? And all the comments just being like so excited for me to like do it. And now I'm like, fuck. Like Mcco And I have to be Avatar. There's no choice. So I need, oh Because of the avatar porn, I was like, wait, Why Like I need, so now I need to find like a gay makeup artist at one of the WeHo bars who's willing to put special effects on my cooch, you know? Yeah. And you do wanna be blue. Well you could, you could knock like a couple things out. You could be like a Smurf and avatar and you could just be blue the whole week. Imagine my skin was just like, what's that movie? Big fat liar. It's kind of fitting for us. Sorry again, Tony. Well When you could be vi you could be Violet from Willy Wonka, you could really be a lot with just being Blue. I'm trying to figure out if I want to go all in this year or not.


And I. Don't know. I do think it'd be funny if we were Tricia. It's like if you were like, what's Trisha when she's like in the army. Yeah, I think she was in the military. I I wanted to dress as Trish in the military, like helmet and all like laying in the sand. But I feel like that's like stolen valor and I'm not really in that Like I feel. Like I should probably just avoid that right now. I guess there's a lot of other Trish's you could be to just Not Yeah, there's a, I could, I I I'll be like, oh I'll be Trish from the Eminem video. Oh that's iconic. But then Trish is being Jessica Simpson in that. So it's Like I. Am I being Trish as Jessica? Are you gonna blonde wig it? I've never wicked it. I think You should wig it. I could wig it. I think my era of Halloween is like painting pumpkins and like cooking pumpkin things.


That was my other point. I'm doing sober October and also just sober forever. Like you. So it's like my desire to attend Halloween events and Getty image it up and serve in that way and make tiktoks with all the tiktoks who are, you know what I mean? Like I. Don't know how much I have that in me. I'm very, you know, last year though, I stayed home on Halloween to hand out Candy And I bought an entire box of King-sized chocolate bars because I've always wanted to be that person. And then not one child came to my house and like we had to eat them all. We Had to as busy Like I. Don't think you had to. I smoked a black how that could happen. That's so sad. Actually. Isn't that really Sad? But this is like a neighborhood that you would think that a lot of kids would go walking in.


I know. I, it might be like the big scary security outside and like the big, big doors before my door. Yeah, well I guess you, yeah, you can't just like, it's not, you could don't just walk up to your front door. Maybe people did come and they were knocking on your gate. Yeah, I did go through and honestly I thought about it myself. Like if I could disguise myself as a child because yesterday I did do a drive by at the Menendez house. What should We talk about the Menendez brother? No, but yeah, that's what I was gonna say. I was gonna say like, that is like a neighborhood where I would love to go trick or treating because I'm like, you know, they're giving king size out like everything. Oh 'cause it's in Beverly Hills. Yeah. But I like that the fucking Lume, it's All boarded out. Like they have like a fence in front of it. We just drove by yesterday 'cause it was like, it's in Beverly Hills.


Yeah. And it's in Yeah. I mean I definitely want to talk about it. 'cause I'm seeing a lot of different takes on the internet. And I have a very hot take on this whole situation that I might get some hate on. I don't know. Oh, Give it to me and I'll let you know if you're completely wrong or not. Because I'm so deeply invested. I've never, I have not consumed anything but Bennet's brother's content for the past. Like Same honestly, I watched like 80% of the show. I was just kind of in and out. I started it on tour. Okay. I know there's a lot of people feel one way or the other about the show because of Brian Murphy, the director. Like they're saying that he might not have done them as much justice as they deserve, et cetera. I Think they even said that. Yes. One of the Menendez brothers also said his favorite movie Zootopia. I really hope he gets to get out before Zootopia two comes out.


They've been doing like group calls with like fans, And I. I'm on that side of TikTok, like the, of the fans that like call them and then they like update their lore after they get off the phone or whatever. Okay. Anyways. And I've said this about Gypsy Rose, not that they're the same situation, but Like, I don't think killing someone if they are deeply abusing you and you are deeply trapped in that cycle of abuse is wrong. No. Yeah. You're you're on the right side here. Okay. This is the, this is the, the, that's the popular opinion because It's like, oh what? Like Gypsy rose could have escaped. They could have escaped. Okay. Put yourself in that fucking situation and see if you can, and like understand emotional abuse and financial abuse and all of these different tier of abuse can trap people in ways that most of us couldn't even fathom what those parents did.


In my opinion, the world is a better place without them. Like, I'm so fucking sorry. I Agree That goes without being said, but it's like, it is so fucking like the difference between the two trials and everything. It's so once you really, really like look into it, I watched the series but then I also watched like the documentary where you like see the real thing and it's so fucking horrible. But I, honest to God, I think that like say what you want about TikTok and like the new age and stuff, but like the fact, like that is what is making everybody change their minds and stuff. you know what I mean? I fully agree and resurfacing something like in any other world without social media, this probably would never justice for them. Would probably have never resurfaced to such a mass wide audience and be this talked about.


Right. Right. I Mean The trial also happened before the Me Too movement. And so it was like, obviously people male were way male. Yeah. Victims way, way less like first of all open like to talk about sexual abuse, but also like believing men also. And their defense attorney had just gotten someone off for like a murder abuse situation right before their trial. So then I think a lot of, if I'm correct, I think a lot of their trial was the other side saying, well, she just gets off killers. Right? Yeah. And then that probably swayed the jury in a way that it wouldn't have. Like all I fucking know is if someone did was doing that shit to me like their, what their parents did to them or same with Gypsy Rose.


I wouldn't even just kill them if I, if I was going to, obviously you hope in every scenario that it can end with escaping or not taking a life or whatever. You hope that Right. But if you truly feel like in your world of abuse that the only way out or to protect yourself is to end that life. Right. I'm just trying to put myself in their shoes. I'd be playing a fucking game of saw with that. With the father. Yeah. Do you know what I mean? It's like the, the toothbrushes and all the fucked, fucked fuck him losing his hair, like fucked up shit he was doing to them. He was essentially playing a game of sa with them for their entire lives. So where is it like, Well they have done, in my opinion, they've like far surpassed like their time.


you know what I mean? I feel like they can, they, they have a hearing set for November, I think. Oh, I hope he gets to see Zootopia. I really think he will get to see, see Zootopia, honest to God. 'cause it's Like I heard Like I don't know. I, I don't know how legally how that works, like how you appeal that, but I know Kim Kardashian's in there trying to do some work. Like I. Don't doubt that she can help I Agree with that. I don't Know. They didn't. That's just my personal take. The good that they have done since they've been in prison, like far surpasses like it's, I just saw a thing, like there's, and it's a whole list. I saved it. But like all the things that Eric and Lyle have done like in prison to like help other people and help like other people who were sexually abused and like they've both graduated and then it is just Like I.


I don't know. I, I wanna meet them And I'm just, I like even just hearing that, it's just so sad. It's so sad. Like, just like everything that they had to go through and then It's sad, but it's also very, very happy because God, like, you know what I mean? Had people not taken so much interest in it now, they might have just sat in prison forever, which I really highly doubt they will now. Yeah. I Agree with that. That's my whole take. It's also Really crazy to think about the connection between like oj, the Menendez family, the Kardashians, like all of that. And really, did you get there? Yes. Yeah. Like Robert Shapiro being O J's lawyer and then he was Yeah. And like OJ was in the cell directly next to Eric. Yeah. And so Eric was like giving him legal advice and then I said, just saw a photo today of like OJ and I don't know why I'm blanking on the dad's name.


He who fucking cares. But o it's Crazy. OJ and Jose Menendez. Yes. OJ and Jose Menendez with like, another guy. They were like, they had worked together in some capacity or like known each other and like Eric used to like throw footballs with OJ in the backyard and like, it's actually crazy. The connection. And then for Kim Kardashian, Kim Kardashian, Beverly Hills. Beverly Hills, Kim Kardashian is like, OJ was like her godfather essentially. And now she's, it's just so interesting to me that this is like real life. This isn't Movies. It's so fucking crazy that OJ got out of jail. Yeah. I don't know. I Like I honestly am I'm not very educated on that trial at all. But You should. That's like a, it's a crazy deep dive. He like, That's all I do though these days is watch like crime documentaries and, and, And maybe this is a hot take.


Like some people disagree, but like OJ fucking did that. Like, you know what I mean? Yeah. So for him to get out is crazy. And like how, like, you know about like the, if the glove fits, I acquit, I don't know anything about that. OJ in court when they were trying to like condemn him for killing whatever, one of the things that they were doing was seeing if a glove found on the scene that was allegedly used to like with the weapon fit o j's hand and it didn't fit his hand. So then it, it was them saying essentially like this, it doesn't fit oj. So he didn't do it. And that like was so viral. I don't like, let me stop talking. Yeah. I don't know anything about that, but that's my next thing to look into. But Normalize is not fucking talking about it if you don't know what you're talking about.


Yeah, that's right. And OJ also wrote a book called, if I Did It, you should read that. Is He for real? Oh my God. You need, there's like this clip of oj like after like whatever, some interviewer comes to like interview him for like national television as well. It's not like, this was like any other time. you know what I mean? Like a dateline or something. And the interviewer, the woman walks in and OJ just like, as a joke is like, eh, like scaring her. Like do you know like it's Oj Yeah. I don't know if I feel, I definitely don't feel the same way about him as I feel about the Menendez brothers. No, not at all. That's a good take. Like that take and stay.


Alright you guys, let's talk about David the best four inches you will ever have. David is a new protein bar with a simple concept, the least calories for the most protein. It also happens to taste so good you guys. You would think that something with this protein to calorie ratio would make you sacrifice on taste, but somehow that's not the case. Despite what a lot of people think. Protein alone does not make you bulk up. You also don't need to work out to feel the benefits of more protein in your everyday life. Protein makes you feel more full, which helps you consume fewer calories throughout the day contributing to fat loss. Also, I don't want you guys to feel like this is some fake testimonial for a random brand. I actually ate these bars so often over tour, you guys, you know, I don't eat healthy on tour at all. I was consuming nothing but like ramen and chips and obviously that does not give you energy. So I would eat one of these bars. And I would feel so much better. And I would feel full. And I would feel Like. I can work without wanting to pass out. David has 28 grams of protein for only 150 calories with zero grams of sugar and they have four flavors. But I already told you guys my favorite is the cookie dough. I live and die by her. I am not just saying this because it's an add, but if you are looking for something delicious packed with protein, with minimal calories, then it's obviously worth a try. You can grab your David Protein bars at David Protein dot com slash Cancelled. We can't wait for you to have David in your mouth.


Ready for the next level of cybersecurity. October is cybersecurity month and Gartner is building cybersecurity resilience in a complex world. From AI new to roll identity and access management to mid-size enterprise government and beyond, join the security and risk management Summit 2025, the largest cybersecurity conference in North America. Pre-register at gartner.com/us/security risk. That's gartner.com/us/security risk.


Oh my God, I wanted to show you fashion Nova Halloween costumes so bad while we were talking about Halloween costumes. Do you know what like Fashion Nova is out here doing? No, but do I want to know? I think you might need to know, like, it's just so funny to me. Okay, what's going on? It's nothing in like, like specifics. Oscar, can you pull up the Fashion Nova website please? And. I might have to get into this. Laura, listen to me because it is just cracking me up. Okay, so it's like hundreds of costumes like this and I'm just imagine being the model and you just show up this day full Beats for, for an e-comm job and you're like, they're like, here you are. You're gonna be a receipt Sriracha a CVS receipt. The long, the long CVS receipt is ab like are you fucking kidding me? Keep scrolling.


Wait, but I'm gonna hit some of these and surprise all my friends. The Corona. Oh, The bag of Water. The hotdog Is hilarious. Okay, this first of all, pumpkin pie spice chili powder. Like did we, did we need multiple seasonings? Yeah. Why did they make It the Kool-Aid Man, they made that poor man run through a a set wall like that. Look at the Fireball. Not At m like does that have one sale? You should get that to be honest. I Holy shit. Literally like actually that is actually what that is. No, look And look back. Look, there are serving face in her holy shit costume. We go down, come on, come on. There's hot shit too. Aw shit. And the guy in the Wi Wiener costume and just Like his 99 Wait, 99 Bananas Alcohol needed a costume Obsessed with the Stanley Cup though.


Sugar daddy. That's insane. Wait, this is crazy. I'm loving it. Craft singles. I want it. I need it. I actually need it. I love cheese. I love cheese. Okay, that was, I just really Like I was looking for costumes obviously. And I'm just imagining these models showing up like full fucking beat and they're like craft singles. I always think about that. Like people who like are seriously actors or something and then they book a a job and it's like hemorrhoid cream commercial and it's like Same energy as Fuck. you know? I would do it though. Have you ever had a hemorrhoid? Yeah, It's just from when you push too hard. But we can't go down this rabbit hole. I'm sorry. We really we're not allowed. We're we're actually not allowed. I'm sorry.


Okay. I wanna talk about Beyonce. It's our hundredth episode. We forgot to thank Beyonce. I Don't, can you? Okay. Beyonce Thank You. I know I have the worst news. I have the worst news. Okay. I've been getting comments explaining to me that I'm, I'm getting a little too millennial these days. That's Actually funny you say that because Paige has been telling me I'm such a fucking millennial, But you're not. I'm on the cusp. Okay. Okay. Because millennial starts in 90, like it's 97 on, but like Gen Z goes all the way through 96 to my knowledge. Okay. So I think, or wait, I just did the opposite. But you know what I mean? Gen Z. Anyway, I'm at the end of 1996, so I am literally at the, at the very cusp of Gen Z and millennial.


So I am technically, I guess a millennial point is I don't fucking know what this Beyonce stuff is. Well I feel you completely on the millennial shit. I've been walking around saying Like I was today years old and like Paige won't stop with me. She's like, get a mustache on your finger. Like, but first coffee, like come on. Like she won't stop cooking me. So I feel you. I felt the same way about the Beyonce thing. Actually it's funny 'cause I saw it And I wasn't getting it and then I got livid. I was like, this is right after Paige called me a millennial. And I was like, what? Fuck. Huh? Like, so then I went down the rabbit hole, right? And I actually have some notes. Okay? And this is one that you have to do your research on. But you need to trust me with the things I'm saying to you right now. Like I need you to believe everything I'm saying wholeheartedly. Okay? Because it's true, It's hard to do. Okay, Okay.


Okay. Sorry I had to throw that one in there. Yeah. you know what I, Brittany Ferlin didn't say I made shit up. Okay, Pipe Tana. Okay, so, oh my God, there's so fucking much. Okay. But if you look back at the history of like all award shows ever, every time any celebrity wins an award, Taylor Swift, a fucking, I just saw a clip of Kelsey Ballerini doing it. There's a clip of Britney Spears doing it. There's a clip of, and I mean hundreds of people. Adele, every time she wins an award, everyone in their speech out the nowhere, they are thinking Beyonce.


Right? I do know that much, but I've never thought anything of it because Beyonce's the goat, Right? Okay. But but Nobody's thinking Taylor Swift like that. And that's who we, And it gets to the point where it's like in Britney Spears one, you can see that she is clearly reading off of a teleprompter that like she does, like clearly. Okay, Adele's done it like five times now. Anytime anyone is in an award category next to Beyonce, like, and they win, you see they're like fear. Do you know what I mean? And like they go up and they have to think Beyonce. And like now there's this whole theory as well. Obviously so many people now throughout all of this Diddy shit are saying that Kanye has been right about a lot of shit that he was saying that everyone was calling him crazy.


There's like a million instances, right? But then people are now saying that when Kanye went up there and interrupted Taylor Swift, 'cause he said Beyonce had one of the greatest albums of all time. That's what he interrupted her to say. Oh, that he was like saving her essentially. And then j Cole has this song she knows and you need to listen to like the lyrics of this fucking song. Is that The ones like she knows Dog and everyone's saying like, there's knows he's saying Knowles kind of like Beyonce and like On are we venturing into like conspiracy theory? We are territory.


There's also a lot about how he's saying rest in peace to Aaliyah, rest in peace to left eye. Like there's a lot of stuff where like people are saying that Aaliyah, the Beyonce and Jay-Z might know a little more about Aaliyah's death than they lead on. And like clips of Beyonce interviews the day Aaliyah died. And just like, it's weird. It's really, it's all really, really I Agree that it's weird, but I just don't wanna Like I get scared with like the conspiracy stuff because it's like, are we just actually crazy and reaching? But I did, I also saw something of someone being like, imagine being Beyonce and working your whole entire life and being like one of the most successful and talented people alive and then everybody makes, makes it into like conspiracy, Right? And you do, you do have a point there.


I mean, and again, there's a million things to this as well. Like people saying Wendy Williams is crazy and now like Wendy Williams being like, do you know who's jealous of Beyonce? Adele? Like all this like weird whatever. I don't know. There's a million more things that that add to this. But obviously people have always said that Beyonce and Jay-Z are the Illuminati or are whatever. And honestly in my opinion, there is no way that they have zero involvement that she didn't know she knows about like the Diddy shit. you know what I mean? Yeah. And now that j Cole song is also taken off of the internet completely. Like it's not on YouTube anymore. It's not on, same with Kanye West famous. Like everyone's saying Like I made that bitch famous.


Obviously it's about Taylor, but everyone's saying that. He's saying that because he saved her by saying Beyonce. I like the, do you get what I'm saying? And his, here's what I'll say about this theory is that if this were all the case, I feel like Kanye would've straightened straight up like got on the mic like this and already told us all. That's Fair. I guess that is fair. But also even the famous music video, I, it's this giant big bed with all these celebrities that look like Taylor and looked like a bunch of really fucking famous people. And then people went in to compare that to Diddy's actual giant bed he had in the backyard. Backyard, yeah. Didn't and like Have a hit put out on him, which we know Diddy was doing. Or it can be assumed if Eminem says that, I believe it. I am such a conspiracy ass bitch.


Like I will believe a conspiracy theory if I rabbit hole and like a part of me doesn't I Like I think this Beyonce shit might be true. I think it's definitely possible. And so that being said, Thank, you Beyonce? Yeah, that's really fair because the Cancelled podcast would not be possible without her Like 100%. But I am afraid of conspiracies because I am. Sometimes I see, I look at myself in the mirror, And, I think I see my mother and it scares me. It's actually so fair.


When I started podcasting, an online store was the furthest thing from my mind. Now I'm selling merchandise and it's so easy all because I use Shopify selling a little or a lot. Shopify helps you do your thing however you cha-Ching. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. From the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage all the way to the did we just hit a million orders stage Shopify is there to help you grow. Whether you're selling scented soap or offering outdoor outfits, Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all-in-one e-commerce platform to their in-person, POS system, wherever and whatever you're selling, Shopify's got you covered. Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers. With the Internet's best converting checkout, 36% better on average compared to other leading commerce platforms and sell more with less effort. Thanks to Shopify Magic, your AI powered all star. After all the trials and tribulations, we're so grateful that Cancelled merchandise is being sold through Shopify Shopify powers 10% of all e-commerce in the United States, and Shopify's the global force behind Allbirds, Rothes and Brooklinen and millions of other entrepreneurs of every size across 175 countries. Plus Shopify's Award-winning help is there to support your success every step of the way. Because businesses that Grow grow with Shopify. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash tana, all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash tana now to grow your business no matter what stage you are in Shopify dot com slash tana


Ready for the next level of cybersecurity. October is cybersecurity month and Gartner is building cybersecurity resilience in a complex world. From AI new to role identity and access management. To mid-size enterprise government and beyond, join the security and risk management Summit 2025, the largest cybersecurity conference in North America. Pre-register at gartner.com/us/security risk. That's gartner.com/us/security risk.


We both had our hometown shows. Should we talk about that? Yeah, I'm down. We had our hometown shows. They're like, y'all are more reserved. And we're like, no, we're not. We had our hometown show. So they were amazing. Obviously I was just so excited to do that. It was so much fun. I weirdly had more fun at your hometown show than mine. Really? I think just because it's Vegas and it's like fabulous and we had the big billboards and it was just like, It was like dude seeing a billboard of us on the Vegas strip had me so fucking out of body and emotional 'cause like I've stood under that billboard. you know what I mean? Just like with nothing to my name and like right. I was banned from the hotel that we had our show at Like I. That's what it was. I feel like it was just, it felt like such a full circle moment. And like, obviously it's your hometown, so it's like dumb.


But I, I swear I used to every single weekend, me and Nana, my best friend would drive to Vegas every single weekend of college. I'm not kidding to go see fucking like marshmallow or Chainsmokers or whoever it is. So on my flight to, I, I had come home to, or I stayed in Phoenix an extra day. So I flew separately to Vegas. On my flight is Esso and the Chainsmokers. Okay. And I'm, I'm, we're flying, we're all flying to Vegas for our shows Now. And, I'm thinking about, and me and you were on the billboards now And I have a show on the stage that we saw Adam Sandler att And. I felt like so fabulous. 'cause I'm like, this is the craziest like turn of event. It was like just the craziest full circle moment. And obviously having a green room of like all the people who loved you and supported you before you had anything to offer them is like the most special thing in the world.


That was such a hard night for me to stay sober because like, oh my God, everyone was just Celebrating. Oh, And I so hard. Oh, And I drank so hard, drank for the both of us. Yes, I did. At, at the hands of all of your friends Thank you very much. And I was not Okay. It's so funny too, the difference in our hometown friend groups, like there are similarities, don't get me wrong, but the, the bulk of your hometown friends are very much like sorority girls. Like well those are My college friends, but then my high school friends are like way more like your friends. No, but still. But still like, like they're all very sweet, so forgive me, but if I just looked at them, they're the archetype to like call you fat in high school. Okay. Like they are like motherfucking sorority bitches. Well, 'cause Before I was a sorority girl, I was a palmie and so that was just like, like that it was like the general nature of like the people I was around.


Yeah. And my friends are like trappers. Like, but I also had that they just per like, weren't at the shows. Yeah. I, I definitely invited everyone. But then you still My family Yeah. Came. Yeah. And that made up for that Definitely 100%. Your family's so fucking fun though. It was bull shows were so fucking fun. Back to back And I had a great time in Vegas the next couple days. I need to tell you about a story, like a, something that happened to me in Vegas. So I stayed, obviously I've been like touring houses and doing whatever and just hanging out with everyone. I stayed a couple days in Vegas. So I had this night like a couple days after the show where I was gambling like late with all of my friends. Right. And eventually it's like 5:00 AM and I'm like about to leave gambling and Ray my security guard, he goes, he had to like check his gun at like the gun check.


You, you have to go early if you have to to or like to declare a weapon. Yes. At the Airport. So eventually when the night was over, obviously in the whatever Vegas hotel we were at, he had to go back and like get his gun from the gun check. And so he leaves me for like 10, 15 minutes. Right. Oh wait, This isn't at the airport. This is where in your hotel? Yes. Like, because if you want to go to the Vegas clubs, you can't bring in a gun. Oh. So like we went to the club and he checked his gun and then we went gambled. So Literally like a coat check for your gun. Yes. Which I didn't know existed, but obviously it did. And so we're about to leave. I order the Uber And, I'm like, Ray leaves me to go get his gun for like 15 minutes. This is the first 15 minutes. I also haven't been without a security guard in three weeks. Like, you know what I mean? Just he is, his only job is to ensure that I am safe entirely across tour.


Right. And he leaves And, I go to the bathroom. And I have three back to back interactions. And the only time with, 'cause obviously with the security guard, obviously he's, everyone who's coming up to me, he's ensuring that they are within normal bounds, right? Yeah. That they're not doing shit to me that isn't okay. Right. And so there was this girl and bless her heart, but she had kind of been like following me all weekend. Like a lot of people who know what I do in Vegas, like people who really keep up with my stories, like know where I like to gamble at, like know where I'm gonna go to the club at. Like they, like, a lot of times when they'll come up to me and I'm gambling at the spot that I like to gamble at, they'll be Like. I, always watch your stories. And I knew you'd be here, so I came here to look for you. Right. Yeah.


And so she was one of those a couple nights before, right? And then the next, I was there a couple nights in a row, so she just kept coming back with her boyfriend. And obviously Like I, she went to the show too. So I'm, I was very like, the first night we really hung out. We took photos, we did our thing second night, same thing, third night, same thing. She like comes up and then I kind of noticed that she's like following Koa around and just like cornering him to like talk his ear off and kind of like, and macOS very sober, Overdoing it. But after like an hour and a half of watching Maa in the corner with this girl, first of all I'm like, are you gonna fuck him? Like your boyfriend's fucking forgive me and whatever. So finally the night is over, Ray is going to get this gun And, I go into the bathroom and I'm walking in and j Rod and Mako are outside of the bathroom.


And, I hear them and they're like, Hey, whoa, whatever. And she's following me into the bathroom, right? And then she tries to go in the stall with me. Oh. And it like scares the fuck out of me because it's just like 5:00 AM it's no longer the weekend. Yeah. Like there's no people around and I'm, I like scream. Right? And then I don't know what to say to her. 'cause it's like, obviously people should just know that's not okay. Yeah. But it's, and you don't wanna be mean to somebody that you think is a fan, but also like that, like what do you mean? So I scream at the top of my lungs. This is the first thing that I think to say, I'm pea shy. I screamed this at this girl. And then she like runs away and security comes and gets her and it's this weird ass interaction, right?


And so then I'm walking outta the bathroom. I'm like, that just would happen right now while Ray's not, not here. Like how funny, like whatever, blah, blah, blah. Well, yeah. But Yeah. And this, so then as I'm walking away thinking that this guy comes up to me, right? And he's about to go into the bathroom and he is like, Tana, right? And, I. Look at him. And I'm like, how the fuck do I know this guy? And he is like, Tana, what's up? And his demeanor isn't like overly friendly, right? It's kind of like, Tana, what's up? Right? And I'm Like, I'm looking at this guy and I'm like, how the fuck do I know this guy? Right? And I'm like, oh my God, it's Monty Lopez. Right? No. And there is a point with the podcast and just my internet presence where there are certain people that I have talked so much shit about that when I see them, I'm not gonna waste either one of our time.


And I'm not gonna lie to your face. If I, if I've called you like a deadbeat embarrassing father on the internet who like needs his phone taken away in a lobotomy and a muzzle, I'm not about to be like, what up dap me? Right? Like, yeah. you know what I mean? How are you? I'm sorry. I think people also, this has happened to me a lot with people that I have talked shit about. They think that if when they come up to me in person like Tana, what up? Like they think that you're gonna be super nice. They think that I'm not gonna hold the same energy that I've held online. And, I am so far from the opposite. Like, you know what I mean? Yeah. So I look at him and he's just standing there in silence, right? And I'm like thinking about what I'm about to say. I'm trying to figure it out. Maco and Jro obviously do not know who this like what's going on, whatever, right? And I. Look at him And.


I'm like, listen, I said what I fucking said, dude, everything. I said, Like I. Stand on it. I said, what? I fucking said And. I'm like being a about it, right? And he looks at me and he is like, and I'm like, He didn't Know. It's not Monte Lopez. It's a guy who looks just like him. It's a random guy in Vegas. And I just come at his next door. So then imagine me trying to backtrack that. I'm like, I'm sorry dude, you look just like Monte Lopez. He's like, who the fuck Is that? Like, you know, I'm just standing There, right? Aw. And now at this point I'm like, can my bodyguard please come back? Like this is just, do you know what I mean? Absolutely. So I'm walking now to meet Ray at the gun check because I'm Like I need not one more unsupervised minute alone.


Obviously Mcco and Jro aren't gonna let anything like awful happen to me, but it's Like I need a, a real barrier between me and the public. Okay? Yeah. Someone you can blame. you know what I mean? Like they can be the the bad guy. Third guy comes up to me as I'm walking out, okay. Third fucking person. And this is one of those, I talked about this in our Hawaii episode for a second. I am never ever mad at a true, genuine fan or supporter, no matter their demeanor. Do I? Is it sometimes a little zoo, Emily, for someone to just walk directly up to you with a phone and say absolutely nothing? Yes. Okay. But if it's a girl or a gay or a they, I'm gonna pose for the photo and you know what I mean?


Like I understand. And I'm fine with it, right? But when it's a straight man and just the amount of straight men that I've had come up to me say the craziest shit about OnlyFans, say the craziest shit about Cody Coe barking at me, whatever it is. Like I'm automatically more fucking pissed at a phone immediately in my face. Yeah. When it's a straight man, right? This man takes out his phone, starts filming and selfie like immediately in my face. And he goes, where's Jake Paul? First of all, boo. I just don't know what it's 5:00 AM in Las Vegas. Do you think I have a GoPro on the beach in Puerto Rico? I don't fucking know. Okay. I don't fucking know.


All Right. Also, when's the last time we've even seen Jake Paul in the flesh? Oh my God. Last time I've seen him. And I don't fucking know. Right? And I understand that. I'm like probably forever gonna be tied to him in some people's minds. This Peppa hat, I'm so embarrassed. And then, so then I'm looking at him. And. I. Literally I'm just fed up. Okay. Three is the rule, you know I have the third person rule. Yeah. First person, second person, third person. I'm like, dude, I don't fucking know. It's fucking 5:00 AM in Las Vegas. Do you think I genuinely know where Jake Paul is? And then he starts telling me, he was like, no, I'm just a really big Jake Pauler. Like I loved the disc track. Like he wasn't really being an asshole. So then I felt bad and we were just talking about Alyssa Violet and whatever and it ended up being fine, but I just needed to tell you about that.


Well The Monte Lopez one was just crazy. Yeah, that's, that's where I would usually tell you just like go to bed. Yeah. You gotta go to bed and you gotta call it at some point. So funny how opposite you And I are with like we both, we each were assigned a security guard this tour that was like, they were like contractually obligated to stay with us and keep eyes on us at all times. Mm. Which I love To you is like the best thing ever to me is Like I was like absolutely not. Literally I felt And I was like sneaking around. I felt like Justin Bieber like hiding from his bodyguard. But it's also like I'm not Justin Bieber. Like I'm, I am. There's no real reason for me to have a bodyguard in Urban Outfitters. you know what I mean? The way that you would need one.


So I loved him so much and he's such a sweetie, but I was literally like, this is so overkill. I am just the exact opposite. I'm so fucking paranoid. And I do think that when it comes to like Parasocial, I might have it a little different than you. Yeah. Like people really do come up to me and do and say shit. Yeah. I Don't crazy Shit Don't have those experiences like literally at all. I had like one time where I was like, oh my God, this is too much. And it was only because I like literally went to basically Anacon that was a Tate McCray concert. Yeah. I'm just, people will come up to me and like grab my tits and ask where Jake Paul is or talk to me about beef or go try to go in the bathroom stalls with me. I don't know what it is, but yeah, I wouldn't even try to go in the bathroom stall With you.


Yeah. What do you think you're gonna see Girl? I'm about to shit water. The fuck It's 5:00 AM I've been drinking Red Bull. You didn't wish Murphy a happy birthday? Oh my God. Oh my God. Making sure I've already started preparing for your birthday. I hope, you know, I hope you know the, I love you so God damn much and you, you can easily put this right back on me. But the perpetual anxiety I will have for the rest of my life about ensuring that not only to you, you, I make sure you feel seen and heard on your birthday or at least around your birthday slash the world perceiving it as such, which you play a part in. you know, you You, that was just factual information that they did with what they will okay? They, they took in the facts and they formed an opinion and that was, You were commenting Red Hearts on like, like there was a video where the fan was like the fan, like it was a fan edit that was like they just don't care about Brook's birthday.


It's on Thanksgiving. Not, and you comment It's Not, you comment a red heart on the video. It's not you said let me feed into this narrative, I'm gonna get a Bronco. Well first Of all, I didn't know about the Bronco yet. So yes, I was like, oh my god, here my here my friend is about to miss my birthday for the seventh year in a row. And it is true. That did happen. I've, I've never missed it. Like I, I'm always gonna wish you a happy birthday and I'm down to celebrate. But if, if I'm gonna be in town is always up for debate due to when it falls. Well It is not always on Thanksgiving. Sometimes it is. So much is a week away from Thanksgiving and it historically has not almost ever been on Thanksgiving since I've known you. But this, that's not Important, this Important because I already made a promise to you that I was never gonna talk shit about my birthday ever again. It's two days before Thanksgiving this year. So yes, you do have, you do have some leeway to miss my birthday, but don't worry.


Oh But I've already started preparing. Don't You worry it doesn't even matter. But I just Googled your birthday to make sure it was right before I said something I was about to be like, not November 26th. Wait what photo comes up? Me s slang at the Celsius event. I don't want anything with Me. Oh my God, that's so funny. People also search for Clinton Cain birthday. You know we have the same exact birthday. Oh That's weird. That is really fucking weird. Yeah. I'm already preparing for your birthday though. Don't worry. What do you wanna do? Probably a ranch moment. I'm having a ranch birthday. Very Cute. I hope. Are you gonna have it on your birthday? No, I'm gonna have it the weekend before. Oh my God. All is well. All is right in the world. All is well. And. I'm gonna drive my car there. So honestly you don't even have to go. No, I'm gonna come. I'm just kidding. I'm very, I would love for you to be there.


I wouldn't miss it for the fucking world slut. Okay, Anyway, Murphy's birthday just passed. She's three. Happy birthday Murphy. Sound off in the comments. Yeah, I was just, I, I felt it. I woke up on Murphy's birthday. And I was like wow, today is a special day. I have no When it was, I dunno, I don't know when it was either because I only Like I when I got her. I knew she was seven months old. So I just know her birthday's in October so I just have assumed it's already happened. Also today, mouse weighed in at a good cool eight and a half pounds, which means he has gained twice or like he's doubled in weight since I got him.


I know everybody was dying to know Kanye and Bianca are getting divorced. Good. I'm like somebody let her put her clothes back on. I know he was putting her in those outfits. And I just didn't know she didn't want to be fucking barefoot at Disneyland. I just know that she didn't. And I'm all about autonomy. And I. I think I would like to think that she made those decisions on her own. But I don't think that she did I mean obviously you have to be a little stylistically insane and daring to maybe have that in common with Kanye. At least you would think. But then I read Julia Fox's book and every single person on planet Earth needs to go read that shit. It is one of the most interesting, I did the audio book, I bought the book, And I started reading it and then I was like, wait, I want to hear Julia Fox's voice.


I know as I Fall asleep asleep. I know she, the way she tells it, I would. I kept hearing it from your bunk and by bunk I mean bedroom Paid for it. Redditors. I know. I think I'm gonna pay for it next time to be honest. We might have to go city girls separate buses. Wait, where are we? No, but obviously Julia's book is so good. It's insane. Like one minute. It's like the most emotional thing about someone that she loved and lost and the next minute it's like heroin needle up my ass, cocaine off the floor. Kanye West is dressing me so iconic. But that does lead me to believe that Bianca was being dressed against her own will from Julia's and well now Did you see her at Star Wars land? Isn't it kind of funny though that Pete Davidson, I gotta stop Peppa hat Jesus fuck has the funniest opportunity in the world. Like he like if he goes and dates her, oh like that is the I really Like I Am Who Is Pete Davidson dating right now?


Is He not dating Madeline Klein? No, they're not still together. So who is dating Pete Davidson and where are they? Remember when you wanted to start a segment called we show tiktoks to each other and we see who, what your opinion is? Yes. This one's not that important. Don't get too excited. But I saw this this morning and it says Victorian slang that should make a comeback. Okay. Okay. Coffee sisters. Why don't you guess I'm gonna have you guess what these things mean. Coffee sisters. Coffee sisters. Coffee sisters. See why does everything in my brain Like that's my coffee sister. Why does everything in my brain immediately go to shitting like they're on, they drink their coffee, they're on the same cycle, They're best friends. Thank you okay?


I'm half Rats. Literally just me. Like, I am half rat. I just found my rat mask. Oh my god. Can you hold on one second please? It's really important to me. It means a bit drunk. Oh, so literally me. So here's my new thing. I have a theory with this rat mask For audio listeners. My friend just turned into a rat. Well I've always been a rat. If you really think about it a A more obvious rat. This could be our new like safety helmet. Like if we're talking about someone but we don't want to be clipped with our face. Like I could be like, like if we were just talking about Pete Davidson Like I could put this on. Do you know what I mean? So it's like, And he just has no idea that it's you.


Can you see my eyes through this? I can see one of your eyes, but I can also see that you're wearing a pod or the Cancelled podcast crew neck, which kind of gives it away. Oh shit. Okay. Now you're the stealthiest ever. You can honestly tell me your biggest, deepest, darkest secret. But See like imagine like, like wait, We should make a sec. A segment called Ratting Someone Out. Oh My God. And we're, And we're dressed as rats and we say something like super that we're not supposed to say online. Wait, I'm Obsessed with this. Like I could just say like celebrities that are on Ozempic And we know all of them. Okay. On a serious note though, are you, Are You sure I was gonna go on this whole tangent about sober October 'cause this is gonna be my first time ever being sober on Halloween.


'cause I always usually will go sober up until it. So this is gonna be my first sober Halloween, which I'm really excited about. And I. Think if anyone out there is feeling inspired to do a sober October, you should try it. Like I. I was thinking about it and originally I thought it'd be kind of hard, you know what I mean But then I was thinking Like I did Coachella sober. Like if I could do Coachella sober, like You could definitely do October sober. Yeah. And I feel like for a while it was like it's so, it is so hard to be in an environment with like everyone else drunk and like partying. But I don't know, I just want people to know that I am doing it and I'm excited to see if anyone else is gonna do it too. And if you've ever felt like doing that, I feel like even with Coachella it was just Like.


I was really scared to do that sober and be around everyone else who was like clearly fucked up and like, you know what I mean but like if I can do that, I can do anything. And I still had a great time. I think that's the thing is like you always fear that you're not gonna have a good time anyways. But Like I had a great fucking time at Coachella Silver. I'm not like you're, you're so serious right now and I'm trying to take you seriously but I'm looking at a wrap. My hair is fucking Up. But I am really happy that you had a good time. And I know, I feel like every time you go sober you realize you have that same realization but then there's just a little slippery slope. I know that's the thing 'cause it's Like. I also just like forgot the high of being sober. Like obviously, especially if you're drinking a lot like the first couple weeks of going sober and this is not medical advice obviously if you're like need to medically withdraw or anything like that, that's not what I'm saying.


But the first couple weeks of not drinking are always like very difficult 'cause you just have a lot of anxiety and insomnia and like feels like it's never gonna end. And like you are just thinking about how much you want alcohol a lot more. But then I like completely forgot like the high of being sober once that subsides. Like once I hit week three, every single time I feel unstoppable I feel like fucking superwoman. I get everything done. And, I make no mistakes. I just feel like you don't realize the effects the alcohol has on your body if you're drinking it all the time. Like you don't realize how shitty you feel. It's like you know how people always say like working out makes you feel good and everyone's like Ah please. But then like you start working out and you actually feel so good. That is like really like, like I'm finally hitting that point in sobriety again where I'm like oh my God, why would I ever drink?


Like even just looking back at the past few months, Like I had so much fun and it was fun but like just the downfalls of it. Like, I've been more productive in this past week than I have since I stopped drinking. Like, like you know what I mean? Like the last time I was this productive was the last time I was sober. Like it is just fucking crazy. And to just like, well I'm proud of you And I feel like October's perfect 'cause then it goes straight into the new year. And I feel like new year new Tana. 100%. I just have Like. I have, I'm so in a place I gotta stop with the fucking rat. Oh I didn't even notice you were wearing it still. I just feel like I'm in a place right now where obviously I'm always talking about my frontal lobe fully developing. But like it is just, I feel like such a, I'm really about to start adulting.


Do you know what I'm gonna do? What is my step one and my really big major adult major adulting plan. Buy A house. Well yes, but Learning to drive. I'm about to go to driving school. Oh my god, I'm so excited for you. It's never too late. Well I told you that last time I tried to go to driving school. It was on Zoom and bless his heart wherever you are Roy, it's Kind of funny like Zoom, sorry But it's just like looking back now, like that driving instructor was definitely on meth. He was Just in the middle of nowhere and he would like add his Zoom backgrounds and then everything was like a Star Wars reference. Like I would be like, what does yield mean? And he'd be like, well in you know, episode three of War to the Jedi, they had to yield to the, I remember you telling me this like he probably thought he was making it more understandable to you but it really, he was like speaking Egypt but And I kept telling him like, Hey I have a DHD Like.


I'm very like concise Like layman's terms please. Yes. You should see my, I just found my old driving notes like downstairs and you should see how fucking stupid they were. Like it's Insane. You should just start when like when Paige is driving you around town, you should just have her start like walking you through it. Did you ever have to do the exercise in school where you teach somebody to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich? Oh no But you've kind of told me about this, right? Like it as if you're teaching an alien. Yeah, Like you're, you're supposed to write down like how to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and like your normal thought would be like get the bread, spread the peanut butter, spread the jelly, close the sandwich pick. But it's like you have hands but like Yeah like you have to explain every single little detail. You should have Paige start doing that to you. But like with driving like right now I am letting, letting off a little bit.


You can't, you know what I mean? Like yeah. Little things that you don't think about like Maybe you could teach me to drive and it's a series. I think it would be so much fun. We should do it for Patreon. We always talk on this podcast about like the Hollywood ification of things and Like I today went on a deep dive of like how celebrities handled the DMV and Like I am about to be Kim k with all of this. Like I'm getting like a fucking driving instructor of the Stars Like. I'm gonna rent a really nice car to do it in Like. I have a DMV fast pass. I'm done. Imagine The Lambo truck with like student driver on the Back. That's exactly what I'm fucking saying. I'm not even kidding you. I went to the fucking DMV to take my driving test the written driving test like eight months ago.


Right? And such a champagne problem. All of this obviously And I understand the DMV. All of America is annoyed at Like. I'm, I understand Nobody wants to be, Nobody wants to go to the fucking DMV right? But we call, we make an appointment for me to take the written test, right? And my appointment is at like five 30, right? I show up on time prompt as a bitch. Okay, Like I. I was there at like five o'clock, right? I'm checking out the architecture, I'm fucking wrapping around the building. you know what I mean? I'm Uber Eats there. Like I'm, I'm moved in, I'm here, I'm here on time. And I get there. And then they tell me that like walk-ins are also accepted. So even though I have an appointment, I now have to wait for all of these walk-ins to take the test.


And then by the time the walk-ins take the test, the DMV is closed. So what the fuck is the point of making an appointment at five fucking 30? I walked in, I waited all the way until they closed the walk-ins went before me and then I left. And I just came to the realization that like if I can use my Hollywood privileges to fast pass the airport and fast pass all these other things, Like I wanna go to the DMV like I'm Christina Aguilera. Yeah. And I'm gonna Figure the fuck, although I didn't even know you could make an appointment at the DMV, which I feel like a lot of people don't. Usually you just do that thing where you like pull the little number and then you have it and then that you wait for it to show up on the screen. Anyway. It's been your, since I go to the DMV, but pro tip Tricia Pettis taught me this. Go to the DDMV in Woodland Hills. Did I did.


I did. Oh I did. And I watched other people take their numbers. And I. Think I took a number. Like I just, I might as well have sat there with my fucking thumb up my ass. I was so discouraged and like by the time I left I forgot everything I needed for the test, which made me means I shouldn't. Yeah, it's just, that's like how I used to cram for my chem exams and then forget everything immediately after. And it would like at each exam, like you would get, you would need like the material from the last one. Mm. Like it added onto itself. Doesn't matter Anyway. Do you know the best thing about me? It's that I have an Arizona driver's license and my, for some reason in Arizona, they like last forever. My learner's permit photo is on my driver's license and it expires in the year 2069.


Oh. 'cause Arizona does that. That's honestly so I'm so excited for all my shit to expire though. Like my photos are just my passport photo. Well I am, first of all, I lost my license. You what? Or I like misplaced my license like over a year ago. So I just like go everywhere with my passport. But I probably shouldn't say that. That's like illegal to drive. When I went and took my passport photo, this was at a time of my life where I was just, I didn't have anything figured out yet. This was right. I was like, Jordan was starting to kind of step in and be like, oh no one raised you. I need to teach you like the basics of life. And even just this Like I was leaving on tour to Australia in like a week and a half. And I decided like, oh now I need to get a passport.


What? What do you, what do you've sold out shows in Australia and they're in 10 days and you don't have a passport. What? So I find the like same day company And I fly here. And I go And I take my passport photo before my tour photo shoot. Okay, I'm gonna insert my passport. Photo denim, choker denim. Big fat denim choker. Okay, wait, I'm surprised they even let you keep that on. you Know what's sad as fuck too? And Isabella like, she's such a real one because one thing about her is she can always say I told you so like she's so fucking honest. Like I. Remember that day? She's like why the fuck are you gonna take this passport photo with a big fat denim choker on And I was like, what do you mean I look so slay? And it's like now and it's, I'd just gotten the nose job too.


I might as well have had a spoon on my face. Like it's just, it's, I don't think Like I don't think they would've allowed me to wear Granted this was also like a literal Like. I don't even I, there's a part of me that thinks my passport is fake. Like I got it in like a scale scary ass office downtown. I got mine in a Hootie area too. I had to go to the same day passport office in San Diego. Mm. And like you have to have like extreme circumstances to get it. There's like only like certain things that like can happen for you to do it. And that's how I got mine. But it was my first passport I got at age 26. I still haven't left America except for to go to Canada.


you Know, more dumb things. Do you know more dumb things than I've done than I've been thinking about recently. This one's really getting me. Ashley And I were in tears last night. I've been seeing clips of Buzz Engine resurfacing because he was Justin Bieber's life coach. And obviously during all this Diddy stuff like clips of Justin Bieber being vulnerable or intimate about his mental health are going viral. So I've been seeing this mantle over my for you page and for those of you who don't know, there was a point in my life where I was just at a very, very, very low place in life. All around Like. I thought I was going to die. And I wanted to die. I didn't have anything figured out, you know? So I eventually decided I want a life coach. And I watched Justin Bieber's documentary, I think it's called Journals and it's on YouTube and it's the first time where he ever talks about his Lyme disease, his relationship with Hailey, like just his mental health whatever.


And in this series he had a life coach named Buzz Menin. And I. See this man. And I'm like, oh my God, that's what I need. Like everything he was like saying in the show felt like things that, not that I'm Justin Bieber, but just different things about like cortisol levels rising during like high highs and low lows and fame and whatever. Like I felt like a lot of those things were things I needed to like work through. And so I was like this man's literally helping Bieber work through it. Like I, if he can help me, that's amazing. Right? And so I reach out to him, And I think I'm just gonna get ghosted. And like he emails me back immediately I start meeting with him and looking back now I see that Like I think he is and was a professional at what he did.


But I think he was like, oh like Rich YouTube idiot cha-ching. Right? I was told that he had zero credentials to be giving any sort of like psychiatric advice or therapy or anything of the sort. But then how did he ever help Bieber? I think he was just, it was like, it was like a trust me bro. $60,000 a month, $6,000 a month. That Itself means you need a life coach. Or honestly more so maybe a business advisor. Yeah. Who and and your manager allowed you to do that at the time? I think at first he was on board and then it got so far that I was kind of Like I.


Remember Believ it, Like I remember 'cause it was like not at the start of our friendship but it was like pretty early on in our friendship. And I. Remember like your to-do list was like take fish oil and B12 and like you were paying him $60,000 a month. And don't get me wrong, he did teach me a lot of things that Like I still use to this day. And Like I I think work. But like one Google search away TikTok One Google search away. There Are people dedicated to that on TikTok. Wait also, I'm sorry. Wait, keep, keep going because then I wanna talk about something completely not related to that. You can go ahead. Did TikTok add a STEM part to your thing or do they think I'm a fucking idiot?


That's always been on my thing so I might be the OG idiot. Oh okay. I was just wondering 'cause I just now got the stem tab. And I was Like I. Well at first I thought it was my FYP And. I'm like damn. Like what if I've been watching for me to get like literal stoichiometry on my for you page. What The fuck is stoichiometry? Stoichiometry is math in chemistry? Oh that made me mad. Do you? That's how I know I'm fucking stupid. It's 'cause whenever my phone accidentally goes to the stem tab, sometimes I'll scroll three times And. I'm like fuck this. No, honestly it's all like really complicated And I'm like, could you not start me out easy? Like maybe cross cancellation or something. Like they're starting me out with like some really hard shit and I'm like, now I'm never coming back here ever. That's your fault.


What side of TikTok are you on right now? What? Let me see what I have saved. Mine's only Menendez brothers and Moen, which I just found out today I heard is actually Ong people Are being slutty Ong for Halloween. No, that's just wrong. You should do it. I saw one today. I swear to God. It's like a slutty hippo and a tutu And I. Really think if anyone can do it, it's you. You know That's what my, my new, my new sneaky link is calling me. He's calling me Ang and Big Fatty. What? Sneaky link. I know. I don't know why I'm, he's my boyfriend. What the literal fuck. He's calling me Mooting and he's calling me Big Fatty. I think you need to be slutty Mooding. Like it's just like if I were you I would do that one. No, I feel like that it's first, first of all, mooting is A is underage.


So Speaking of that, am I now allowed to be Jojo Siwa or is it just like don't do it. I think you should be, I don't, I think like construction vest karma, Jo Jo Siis. Yes. Yes. I think we could be that. But I feel like I mean I feel like maybe let her rest And like someone else can. She's actually, she's been being so funny lately. You saw she thanked Beyonce, right? I It is hilarious. That's the thing I, I was like laughing along with the public, but I like, I've always respected her hustle. Okay. But Especially 'cause she, she knows what she's doing. It's copy This. I wanna be careful what I say though because sometimes I'm like, no, I go, let me go on record and say I've always loved her. But then you know, like people, we have like a digital footprint and like the cut to a clip where I'm like, yeah I hate that bitch or something. Like I'm really afraid of that these days. 'cause I just saw a side by side of Brianna Chicken Fry saying, saying two completely different things.


We definitely said a lot of two completely different things. Okay, I wanna talk about this for a second. I've talked about this on all social media platforms, but I have got to get to the bottom of this because it is fucking plaguing me. Every single October. Come October 1st, I'm gonna open my story tags or now I'm going to see a TikTok viral as fuck about this. Okay. Every single year. Oh come hell or high water this costume. It's so weird, Tana. 'cause that is you, You that is literally me. I will insert it. I want to find the real bitch. I want to find this bitch so fucking bad.


Like essentially it's a spirit Halloween model. She's on the cover of a Sally costume. People obviously go to Spirit, they try to buy their costumes. Whatever And I get tagged in this because they see it and they're like, Tana, oh my God. And it's so on brand for me. Like just with all my side quests in life I've lived. If I was like, yeah, for six months I was a fucking spirit Halloween stock model. You would believe it wholeheartedly. People truly believe this is me. Like That was you once upon a time. I never did this just going on record to say this is not me. But this woman looks so much like me. It is genuinely concerning. It's actually really crazy. So then I tweeted about it as well. And I kind of was trying to get the Twitter warriors to help me out a little bit. And like no one can find out who like, and then I wanna know if Spirit Halloween, because the law with superimposed photos is that it only has to be like, like a fourth or a half.


True. Like, do you get what I'm saying? Like, like they could theoretically take a photo with like my eyes and nose and then put someone else's mouth on it and Photoshop a new face and sell it. And that's legal, right? But Like I would like to think, you know, top 50 most influential over here that I have the fucking power to know the truth about this. I deserve it. Like, can someone at Spirit fucking Halloween find out for me? Or who took This come forward? Maybe she's like, maybe she's just ashamed. Not of you, but of her Of no imagine she's a a who hates me. No. Like that. That would suck. Like if we looked you that I, that's the thing. I just want to, I want to meet the real girl.


Or did somebody just Wonka find my photo over at the Spirit Graphics headquarters where they haven't budget cuts. That would be hilarious. I need to know there's a part of me that almost wants to be this this year. Like I. Wanna take this exact fucking photo? Wait, that's, that is good. But it's very niche. So it's Like I. Don't know. Remember when you, oh, another, another time that you just randomly decided you were gonna tell me the, to like the day of she made me wear a Ronald McDon, a sexy Ronald McDonald costume without any preparation. You ha you saw me in a fucking red wig. That episode, something about that episode was so viral. It was so embarrassing. And I Still watch back those clips.


And I want to die. I mean granted. At least you didn't have a Hamburglar mask on. Yeah, you kept trying to convince me that your outfit was somehow worse than mine. Ego. It doesn't matter. I wasn't supposed to be wearing an outfit. I just think that you should have more fun. Well, I wanna have creative freedom. Like I right now I get to wear my orca hat. But this Is fun. This is so sorority girl of you. Like you're, you're basic. First Of all, you're wearing a crochet fucking hat that I, you bought for me. You, you didn't even gimme a fair chance because you get, you wanted me to be like what Gretchen Wieners And then everyone would be like, why is Brooke wearing a plaid skirt? I was going for I'm a mouse. Duh. There were many mean girls options. You could have done Big pink Pull. You could have been another routine. You Already been getting. We've been getting age restricted and you wanted me to be fucking, I'm a mouse. Duh. And lingerie and mouse ears especially.


You want me to sexualize my child mouse? Don't be weird. She's caught me in a corner. Folks, see you're good as fuck this shit. You wanna call me manipulative? You just ate that fucking up. I'm just saying I like to dress up. I like to have fun. Kind of Looks like there's a little wiener on your head. It looks just like a dick. I thought that like immediately. Oh wait, yeah. Like but with two holes. Yeah. Could be fun. Have I done anything weird sexually Save it for the Patreon Chaperone. Shouted out Tricia PTIs love, love that so much. Which is really fucking cool. So I'm so excited for that episode of just Trish. Like that is, that's a great blunt rotation.


I love it. It's crazy because Chapel got so huge so quickly like it's hard for me to compute in my head like, 'cause she was on therapist and then she was going on church's podcast. But now she has like the biggest set at Lollapalooza that's like ever existed in while the light was out. I also hope that after this week's, past week's episode comes out, by the time this comes out, we could be in hot water for everything we said about chapel. I just want you guys to know I am forever a Stan. I was just working with the information that was given to me. Me too. And I'm often, often, often misinformed. Lil Tay was diagnosed with a life-threatening heart tumor. I thought that happened a long time ago. That's What I was gonna get into the whole thing. Like did she, because they like faked her death.


Didn't her mom do that or something though? Yeah. So then is this real? And she released a song. Oh no, not the Boy who Cried Wolf. Listen to this song though. Like that's Lil T. Wait, Why she, she Made this song That's honestly like beautiful. Isn't it so good? Yeah. Like the youngest from the youngest flexor to the Gracie Abrams trope. Like how cute. That's adorable. I'm a newfound Lil Tay fan. Honestly. I'm really, I'm really into this. I'm really proud of her. Did you see, speaking of Gracie Abrams, did you, you didn't watch Love Violin did Youm. Okay, well I mean essentially all the girls were kind of more similar I guess like just like Leah and Jana and like just all similar.


And there was this one girl Hannah and she just kind of was having more trouble. She reminds me very much of like a super Miami girl. I think she's from Miami. Was She the one who was singing on TikTok? No, I think that's the one that everyone hates the like blonde. Oh, I don't know. She was super fucking funny on Love Island too. Like a lot of her quotes. But she was just different from the other girls. Like And I feel like if I wanted to like kick it with them, I would almost like after Leah and Janae and the PPG girls, Like I would put her right up there. Like I know she's fucking fun as fuck, right? And just crazy. She ends up getting arrested at a Gracie Abrams concert. Like it's A hilarious place to get Arrested. And it's like for threats, I mean, let me tell you exactly what it is.


After assaulting an EMT and a police officer, she, she was charged with terroristic threats and acts and willful obstruction of a police officer. Like those are crazy charges. And to catch those charges at a Gracie Abrams concert is arguably the funniest thing ever. I don't know if it's fun. Well yes, it's I mean. It's just a crazy place for that to happen. Like also imagine being Gracie Abrams and hearing like the Love Island girl was just at your concert and she got arrested for this, this and this. Like Honestly, if I were Gracie Abrams, I wouldn't be paying attention to anything except for Paul. Who's Paul? Paul Mezcal. That's who she's dating. What do you mean? Who's Paul? I don't know who Paul Mezcal is.


I like that tequila. Me too. But it's actually not tequila, it's mezcal. I guess it's like kind of like tequila. They're related. They're definitely like cousins. Everyone on earth needs to go to the sphere. It changed my fucking life. It changed my entire perception on the world. I know this is also like a lighthearted and sweet topic. I'm so sorry. Seriously. Give me someone to cancel if that's what you want. And if not, you know, maybe I just wanna hang out. Maybe I just wanna talk about things I like. Maybe I'm just having a good week. you know, no one's pissing me off and people are Still listening to Giggly Squad and they don't talk shit about anybody. They might just be better than us. Who knows? Honestly they are. You need to go to the sphere. It was one of the craziest experiences. My life postcards from Earth. It had me. It's so creepy by the way. It's like such a fucking scary movie. The AI robots are horrifying.


The whole place is horrifying. Like it is like, do you know what Elon Musk went on record and said like, we shouldn't go in this direction about like AI robots. And you know, if someone who can like make them is saying that like they're on something Or maybe he wanted to be the only one who's doing it, But watching them talk to people. It was the craziest shit I've ever fucking Said. I don't really fuck with robots in general. Like I have that thing turned off to say that like Postmates cannot deliver to me in a robot. I don't want any anybody's robot coming up to me. I don't care if her name is Jill or whatever it is and handing me my food. That's not, that's not gonna work for me. One time I saw someone fighting one of those, That's the most Hollywood Boulevard shit I've actually ever seen in my entire heard in my entire life. It wasn't on Hollywood Boulevard, it Was on LaBrea.


It's it's just, I can't, the robots at the sphere though, Brooke, like, it was so scary. It was so fucking scary. So Wait, what do they do? What do they, are they Like? I. Like. I can just talk to it like I'm talking to you and me and like the eyes move and the shoulders move and it looks like a fucking person and they can I date one They dance and like, yes. Like that's why it's scary. That's why like she was talking in all these different languages to people and like just a person going up and being like, oh I'm, I'm at this. That's, but you need to see it like move and like next to you. It was so fucking weird. And then That's crazy that they can do that because like what about like Disney's animatronics? Aren't they like a billion dollars? Like? I? I just, I almost don't believe it. I believe there's someone in the back that has to be like talking like it's, it's like there's no fucking way.


And then the whole like postcards from Earth, the show I saw, it's like Disney's soaring over whatever, but like times a billion, like you really feel like you're actually fucking there. Like I had to keep closing my eyes. Like it was so high deaf and like yeah that like almost I had to keep like looking at my knees and being like, and the whole show is just about like how humankind has like developed over the years and it like transports you to all these places Made me really sad for where society is at. you know what I mean? Like seeing all of the beautiful things that people have built and done all over the world and shit and now we're like addicted to like strawberry flavored batteries and like we get careful with we, we get breast implants Tam like catch and strays.


I don't know. Everyone needs to go do that. I get what you're saying, but I think we could like maybe go outside or like go somewhere beautiful and see, see those things and we just choose not to, we sit with these microphones, you know those comments that we get sometimes that are like, make podcast equipment more expensive. I'm Like I. Get That? Yes I do. I really do. Okay guys, well we love you so very much. Happy Halloween. What the fuck? Like why is that what I would say? Happy October. I'm just so happy to be back home. Hopefully gathering more. Laura, listen to me again. Let me know what the fuck you want in the comments below whoever or whatever you want me to talk shit about. I will hop on this Mike. Same with the Patreon. If you are over there, you want to go to Patreon, but you don't want to go until you know we're doing what you want to do.


Leave requests. Okay. A bitch is sober and done for anything. I don't know why I said it. I, yeah, We love Guys you so very much Jink.