
People ask me a lot about Genius. I don't know why I don know what it is about me. A real genius always seeks out the nerds. That's the common thing is nerds. I mean, this is why I go to you all the time, David. Thank you. Seriously. 'cause You know how to like, do things on the, on the phone and order things online. I, I, I don't know that word. It's usually simple stuff. You can't Yeah. Make tea. Yeah. NerdWallet, that's what I'm talking about.


NerdWallet's gonna find the right credit card or auto insurance for you in minutes. Their team of nerds has done the research, so you don't have to just answer a few simple questions and you'll be matched with the right financial product for you. That's great. They have only nerds working there. That's every now and then A jock will try and apply. Oh, and they say, go no further. You're banished from our realm. Feel like you would thrive working for them. Yes, I would. Go to nerdwallet.com to finance smarter today. After all, letting NerdWallet do the work is more than smart. It's genius terms and conditions. Apply credit product subject to lender approval. See nerdwallet.com for details.


How hot do you like


it? Firehouse Subs is churning up the heat. They've teamed up with hot ones to create two new sandwiches. The zesty garlic hook and ladder is the milder option. Can you believe that? Those still packed with flavor. And for the bravest spice chasers, the spicy dill hook and ladder sandwich is sure to be a three alarm ion. Well, Sona bla. You guys sampled the wares today. We did, yes. You had yourself those hook and ladder sandwiches. How were they? They Were great. And they had a kick. Yeah, They did. I try. I did the zesty garlic hook and ladder and, and I loved it. I took a walk in the wild side with the Spicy dill hook and ladder and it was great. I loved it. Well, I'm glad you guys enjoyed yourselves. Find out how hot you like it. Try the zesty garlic and spicy dill hook and ladder at Firehouse Subs for a limited time, life doesn't go on forever. You gotta grab the moment, dude. Visit Firehouse subs.com to find a restaurant near you. Individuals sensitive to spice or the Carolina Reaper Pepper should not consume this spicy dill hook and ladder. Limited time at participating Firehouse Subs. Restaurants


Back to school. Ring bell the fence. Friends. Friends. Hello. And welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. That Was very official Sound. I know. I was trying to do, I was trying to channel Conan who is not here today. That's Right. Sono Ian has moved from second chair to first. And you I would move. Yes, you would Move. What? What are you talking about? No, no, no. If if, if he left, which he is not here, you would take over as like the guy.


No, Absolutely not. No. Well, well, yes, you want that. Okay. But it's not why we're here. Conan is not here because sadly last week, his mom and his dad both passed away within days of each other. His dad, Dr. Thomas O'Brien was 95. Conan was actually shooting overseas for his max show. He came back to Brookline and then while he was there, his mom, Ruth reared in O'Brien died at 92. And today is actually her birthday. I didn't know that. I'm kidding at All. Yes. Today is her birthday. And so you never got a chance to meet his parents? I never did. No Uhuh. No. I, so, You know, I, I worked for him for a very long time and his parents were very impressive, very remarkable people in, in their fields.


They were celebrities in their own right. His dad was a microbiologist. He retired at 90 and I'm hoping Conan will also retire at 90. Really? I think he's gone too far already. You do? Yeah. No, I wanna ride those coattails until the very end, don't you? Yes, of course. Just like wheeling in a, a decrepit Conan into his studio. This is terrible. I'm so sorry. I'm like sweating 'cause I'm, I have to talk about serious stuff. But, but yeah. His dad is a legend in his field and his mother was actually one of the first graduates of Yale Law School. And she became a partner at her law firm when she had five kids And like the second female to do so.


Right. Second female to do so. I mean, she was practicing law when there were like dining halls that women weren't allowed into. Unbelievable. And so she would sit outside these dining halls and men would be inside and she'd be sitting on her own little table outside. And she was like a partner in the, at the law firm. So it was like, they're just incredible people. It's a huge loss. So Conan's with his family. Yeah. All 800 of them. And he mentioned to us that he wanted us to do this and to set up the context as to why he's not here. Right. And be transparent about it, that he's with his family. And so we've cobbled together some of our favorite moments of the last year. So this first episode will be from the intros and segments, which you Conan and I do together.


And then next week there'll be an episode of some of our favorite moments from the various guests that have been on the show in 2024. Okay. Yeah. I mean, I'm, I'm acting like, I don't know what you're saying. You are, but we had a whole conversation beforehand. Yeah. So why are you doing that? I dunno. You're thrown by having to be serious on SiriusXM. It's in the name Know. I know. But it's a really sad thing. I mean, I've, I've, You know, over the time working for Conan and I really got to know all of his family, all his siblings, his parents, they were always really nice. It's just a really hard thing to talk about. And I think that it's beautiful that they passed away within days of each other. It really is. It's it's strikingly poignant in a way.


I know, I know, I know. I know. And You know, like you said, I haven't met his parents. He wouldn't allow that. But he kept you away. We have been thinking about him a ton. And I saw my extended family and everybody yesterday at my extended family, people who he's never met and he's met some of my extended family was like, please tell him I'm thinking about him. Anyway. Yeah. We are thinking about you boss. Yes, Yes, yes, we are. We are. It's, it's a really hard time for him. But, You know, he's still Conan he made fun of me this morning, so I think he's doing okay. I think his exact words were the show must go on, but you guys have to do it. What a dick. We could still call him a dick. Oh yeah. It doesn't change.


Even though he's not here. No, none of this changes that He's still a dick. Oh, A grieving dick is still a dick. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. I think that that's okay. A grieving dick is still a dick. Wiser words. Yes. And that's why I'll be delivering the eulogies. Oh my God. What am I doing? I can cut this. Why can't I do this normally? Oh my God. You can in God, the end. It'll, it'll sound fine. Okay. All right. Okay. Okay. So let's move on to our first clip. I think an all timer, not just for 2024. Oh my God. This is one of my favorite things that ever happened to me. I agree. It's Conan makes a stranger take a selfie with him. I will say I have watched this clip over and over again like once a week.


I'll just go back and watch it. The, The Sean Floyd that you love the, the feeling of conan's, like desirous ego. Yes. Being, It's just, it's a perfect story. It's told perfectly. It's so funny. It has payoff. It's just great. Okay, Let's roll it. I have a tale to tell and it's an embarrassing tale. And I think these are the ones you guys like these are our favorite. This is a true story. I just flew in from Boston. I was seeing my family there, and I, You know, I check out my family. I check out my family. Hey, you guys are looking. Hey mom, dad, you guys are looking good, Sexy nuclear unit.


No, I was checking in on my family and seeing my, my, my fam my sibs. And then I go to Logan Airport and I'm going to take the flight from Boston to Los Angeles. And I am in the line, You know, you wait in the line to hand your stuff over, put it on the conveyor belt so you're a little distracted. But I'm, You know, taking my belt off. They always say you can leave your belt on, but it always sets it off. So now I take everything off. I'm pretty much naked when I go through that thing. Oh no. But I'm taking everything off. I'm putting it down into this bucket. And this very nice kid who's wearing a white sweater and he has glasses and dark hair.


And he says, oh, hi Conan. And he could not have been nicer. He said, your show means a lot to me, or your TV show meant a lot to me. I've listened to Conan O'Brien needs a friend all the time. He is Armenian. Mm. He introduces himself and I think he said his name was Armand. He could not have been nicer. And he was talking about, he was very beautifully talking about what, what the work has meant to him and all that. And I just had like, the nicest conversation with him. And he was kind of holding his phone, but we were just about to go through whatever the x-ray machine. And so he had to put his phone in. And I was kind of thinking, I think he wanted to do a photo, but he didn't. Okay. Aw, hold on. But anyway, we go through and I'm thinking, that guy was so nice.


So then they, they wanna look again at one of my bags. I think it's, You know, how many men travel with nine bottles of hairspray. So it was suspicious. And it's aquanet. It's for old women. They don't even make it anymore. I'm like, it was like a two day trip. It was a, it was a day and a half trip. And so, and it's all, not all for my, for my hair. But anyway. No, it's, I'm saying I inhale that stuff. It's an incredible high shout out to Aquanet. But anyway, I get through and I get called some of my stuff and I stand up and standing there, white sweater glasses, dark hair, sky.


And I walk up to him and say, Hey, let's do a selfie. And he said, oh, okay. And he starts to fish around in his luggage for his camera. And I'm thinking he was just holding his camera and he doesn't seem that interested. And what the fuck? That's weird. I thought I was being super nice. 'cause he said all those nice things. And he starts to pick it up and he goes, okay. And I went, I look at him and I go, wait a minute. Oh no, it's not that guy. I just wa I swear to God I just, so this guy who's just a guy who's wearing, and I look over and I see the other guy listen to me.


I see, listen to me. I'm not kidding this, I swear to God this is all exactly happened. I see the other guy, he's wearing a sweater that is practically identical. They look very similar and he's got glasses. And I see him standing over at a post holding his cell phone and he's thinking, why wouldn't he take a selfie with me? Yeah. And he's, and I'm looking at this guy and he goes, okay. And he takes a selfie of us. And so look at it from his perspective. He's sitting there waiting for another relative, a girlfriend or whatever to come through. And Conan O'Brien walks up and goes, Hey, let's do a selfie. He must have thought you were insane. He thought I was fucking insane.


And so then I start to go, no, no, no. I thought, I thought you were him. And I'm pointing to the other guy and the other guy isn't even looking at me at that point. He is looking at his phone because he just got a text. And there's no good explanation for why you would walk up to a stranger and say, Hey look, hey buddy, let's get a self. You're gonna want this. You're gonna want this. So, so somewhere out there, there's a guy who isn't a fan, doesn't care. Maybe actively dislikes what I do. I came up to him and made him take a, And I can, I just, and so then I walk up to the other guy, oh my God. And I said, I'm sorry, I thought he was you and the other guy.


I'm just, You know, there's no, now he just thinks, oh, so all non-celebrities look alike to you. Oh right. No, I think what happened is there was no first guy and you just got a bad reaction from someone you wanted to take a selfie with. And this first guy's your like, fight club Tyler dirty guy that Gets you to do selfie. Nice, nice try. Yes. That I see phantom people. No, I loved, it was so perfect. And I, I don't have photos, but if I could show you a photo of what both of them were wearing, you would laugh. Because it's, some of these Selfies Exist though, right? It's as if it's as if a higher being God said, this is gonna be really funny. Ah, I'm sending down two people who look somewhat alike and they're both in a and they're both wearing the very similar sweater and, and like dark jeans.


So whatever that, that happened. Oh my God. And I just keep thinking about this guy just like, okay, where's, where's Sarah? I just gotta wait for Sarah to come through. Hey, hey, let's take a selfie. What do you, let's do it right now. Come on, get the camera out. Like you're Doing him a favor. Hey buddy. Yeah. And now I think I should, I've Chosen you. Hey. Hey, guess what? Randomly every hundredth person gets to win the ultimate lottery. You think you're about to be selected for improved security? No. No. You're getting a selfie with Conan O'Brien. I'm sorry. And you do what? Come on. Late night show nineties two thousands. N-B-C-T-B-S. Come on. Come on podcast.


Come on, come on. Get the camera. Let's do that. Incredible. That's a, that's a, that's just happened. That happened 36 hours ago. And I, God, I, the minute it happened, I said, these exist. This is why I have the podcast because this is fresh God. This just my God. Hey buddy, let's do it. Get the camera out. Let's get that selfie. I love that you said these two selfies still exist, but that guy probably just deleted it. He never took it. He went was like, yeah. Oh yeah, I took it. There you go. He, and You know what he said? He said click. He said click.


And I was like, I didn't think he pushed the phone. And then I saw him walk up to a trash can and throw his iPhone away. And it was the new one. It's the new one with the funny new cord. Oh man. That is true. That picture is probably out there somewhere. Yes. If this person, like, has this never made its way back to that person. I want to see that photo so badly. Armand. It's me. It's so not, he said he is Armenian. Maybe he is my cousin or something. Yeah. But yeah, just show us this picture. Wait, no, we don't want his picture. We don't want it with Armand. We want it with the guy that he like went up to.


I just love to see it. Yeah, I know. It's awesome. That was one of my favorite stories. Also very sweet that he's, he was visiting his parents, he said in the beginning of that clip. Oh yeah. And I, I do have to say Conan visited his parents constantly. So I mean, he was alway anytime he was on the east coast, he stopped by Boston. So it's he That he, he made them do selfies with him as well. I know.


Alright, this next segment is called Conan Tries Sonas Lip Gloss. We've Had a few things with my chapsticks. This one is more recent. If it's the one I'm thinking of. Is This the one where I was, have I like, kept reapplying? 'cause it was really tasty. Yeah. And then he basically ate a whole tube of it. That's Right. And I wouldn't touch the stuff. Yeah, I know. I mean, he stuck it in his mouth, I think. Yeah. And yeah, he, it, I don't even know where that chapstick is. I actually think I may have thrown it away. I think he ate it all. God, that's gross. I am a chronic lip moisturizer. Yeah. What's that all about? But the thing is, I got a new one and I was like, this'll be nice. 'cause it's like a tube. Yeah. And then it comes off and then I, it tastes so good. I keep lick it off. So You're basically eating it. You're eating it. Sona, can I see it? Can I take a look at it? Would you hand it to me? And Will you say what you called it when she was putting it on? Oh, well, she kept putting it on and I said, what is that? Say something stupid sauce, because you sure are using it a lot. Gimme some lip. It's called, we're just giving these people a free plug. We are. Do you mind if I put it on right now? I promise. I don't Mind. I really Don't. That sore. I have a sore that appears monthly. Well, you knew that. Why are you looking at your hand? Are you gonna put on your hand? No. Okay. On your lip. Yeah. It tastes good. And also it doesn't, I it doesn't stay on that. Well. I have other stuff that kind of just like stays on this. Oh My God, this tastes fantastic. That's what I'm saying. I keep eating it. And so Oh, oh, This is delicious. I'm not kidding. It's delicious. Oh My God. Like you just keep it, you gotta keep it now. You have to keep that. No, I'll give it back to you. It's like he's Just sucking on a gogurt. This is amazing. What's in it? Oh God, do not ingest. Oh, now it's 40% less asbestos. This is incredible. Yeah, this really does. I see. Now why you keep applying it? Because it's very delicious. Do you ever put it on the finger and then use the finger to apply? I don't, no. I just go straight from tube to mouth. But, but you're putting on a lot. Do you See what I mean? Do You know, You know why I'm putting on a lot. I don't think I've ever moisturized my lips. Oh, not once. Have you ever seen me moisturize my lips in all the years you've known me? No. I, I do. You moisturize your Lips. I always have a chapstick with me. I never do. Really? I don't, Eduardo actually never do it. It's foreign to me. Yeah, I agree. This Is so, your lips are so shiny right now. Now. Well, They should be that, You know what, draw attention to the mouth thing saying It's so shiny. I've got two chapsticks with me for some Reason. It's So weird. But why I don't, I don't know if I'm doing something wrong, but Eduardo back me up. I Don't, I don't participate in that. Yeah, I don't, I just think, well, we're in the world. We didn't, when we evolved from the great ape, he did not moisturize his lips. So then You don't need to use sunscreen. Oh, okay. That's just, that's cruel. That's going after my disability. That is, that is. Wait, you're, oh my God. You're putting on, look, look at that. So much of it. Oh my God. This is disconcerting. But You know what the thing is? I, I laugh a lot and I Smile. If you can see this on video, don't, Don't zoom in. Skip zoom in. Skip it. Help me. Help me. Oh my God. With your like five o'clock shadow. I'm over moisturized. God, You should lu up. Does it? It feels good. Does taste like though, what's that? What does it taste like though? Try it. Go ahead. No, no. Oh, come on it. Try this. No, listen. The sore, I get erupts once. Take it with your fingers. Don't even open it. Just try it. You coward. Put it on Eduardo. Come on Eduardo. I promise you you're all talk dude. You're Eduardo. Put it on. Literally Put it. Don't be a little do it. Don't though you do ever kiss Conan on the mouth. Come on. No, Eduardo. I'm telling you. I Wait. Do IL it? No, Don't lick it. It's for your Lips. Put on your lips, but then lick your lips. Taste really good. Lick your lips. I Mean, it has a tint. Eduardo lick your lips. Look At that. What's it taste like? I don't know. I've never used lip bal before. I don't know if this is what it Normally, You know why this is? This is why Eduardo's never been hired to do an infomercial. Try this amazing new product. What are you think Eduardo? I don't really want to try it. No, the ha ha Eduardo. It's an amazing new lip balm. Try it on your lip. I'll just put it tiny bit. But Eduardo, doesn't it feel good? I don't know. I didn't


say it was bad. I just, You know, I didn't say it was bad. Oh great. You heard it from Eduardo. He didn't say it was bad. Call 1 805 5 5 25 25 and get your not so bad lip balm. What Is your problem? And it's delicious. It is really? I've seen that You seriously, you keep it. And don't worry about whatever sores I may have. I don't, I'm not Nobody puts it in their mouth. I know, but that's like, it's, I don't want it after That. Why? What are you afraid of? Be honest. I Don't want, your saliva is all over It. I now, but what do you, what do you worry is on My what issue was forever tied to that too. If you just, I know If you like, but like deep throating. My Did you do in it? You did.


I said Rod dog. And I was like, that's not the right one. Then I changed it to Deep throating. Which is what you were doing With it. I didn't deep throat it. I know what deep throating is. Yes. Well you definitely ated it Never, You blew, you blew my chest. I have never ever affiliated a penis that small that I promise you that's the Conan guarantee with the Lip Glo. You heard it here. Oh God. I've never ated a penis that small. Oh God. Oh my God. And then we've come to find out, he did tell us after the recording. He has. He has. He has.


Yeah. But that was not true. That had a What did you He's like, I don't participate in that. Made me laugh. What listeners would've never seen is that Adam's in the background too, having never even been asked at this point, whether he wants to try it, just shaking his head going, No, It made the rounds. I didn't After. And by then, especially Getting there Before fourth person, It did make the round. Conan's whole mouth was on that thing. I didn't, I didn't You and you have French kissed Conan O Obama, Man. Oh God. Was it last year that he asked Julie Louis Dreyfus to put on her lipstick? That's right. There's something Oh yeah. Something going On. Yeah. Well, and he did that remote in Texas when he was doing, was it Mary Kay where he put makeup?


There's this insane image of him. Oh yeah. And I think I've seen it in a gif too. Like someone's probably sent it to me where he looks like a crazy person peering through a window. Yeah. And he's got like lipstick all over his face. Right. Am I wrong, Blake? You're Absolutely right. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And it Haunts my dreams every night. Yeah, I know. I didn't even know the context of that. I've just seen that picture. And it is harrowing. You should watch that remote. He did. No. Where he meets with women who sell Mary Kay products. And it's, it's really, Really funny. It sounds weird. I mean, we don't even really talk about it on this show, but I've always been a Conan fan and I've seen most of, if not all of these remotes at some time or another. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. His remotes, I think are pretty legendary. And You know, that one is a really funny One.


I also, this has never come up on the show. Yeah. I submitted a packet to be a writer on his show. You did? Because I knew Todd Levin and he asked me, you're kidding. We've never talked about it on the show. Isn't that funny? Girls? You would've been a really good writer on the, on the show. 'cause you just have like such a similar sensibility. Oh, Well I didn't get hired, so I Don't Oh well. Okay. You know what Sweeney's here, we should just ask him why he never hired you. Oh yeah. Let's, let's go Straight to the source.


This bracket season FanDuel is letting you make the call. 'cause right now, new customers can get $200 in bonus bets when your first $5 bet wins. You hear me? That's 200 extra binos to bet on. Everything from clutch shots to last second heartbreaks and even who's cutting down the nets, if you've been waiting to join, there's no better time. There's turn action not slang for tournament almost every day. And FanDuel has amazing be types like spreads totals, game props and so much more. I know all about this. You do? Oh, I'm a real, it sounds like it. I'm a real Beto. I I'm, I'm excited because Michigan State, which is my team, I I think they're gonna go all the way. They're number one in the big 10. Yes. Yes. Let's go all the way. You know, don't shake your Head, Eduardo. Listen, you are all a Michigan all the way. You're always That's right. Ever since I've known you, which is like 20 some odd years. That's right. You've been babbling about Michigan. This Michigan that. You gotta try a Michigan soup. You gotta have Michigan pizza pie. I love it all. And, and, and so Yeah. I say with FanDuel, Michigan stayed all the way. Let's go baby. Go Drink. Go. Yeah. Your favorite murderers are from Michigan. Anyway. That's true also. So visit FanDuel dot com slash Conan. Get in on the college hoops action. All turny long journey is short for tournament. Must be 21 plus in present in select states for Kansas. In affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in present in DC. First online Real money wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued as non withdrawal bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fan FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Visit md gambling help.org in Maryland.


This message is brought to you by BetterHelp. Quick question. Who's your support system? Have they changed your life? You know, it's, it's really important to talk to people. We live in very tense times. Yeah. And there's a lot of stress out there. And it, I think a few things work better than talking to someone. Getting the anxieties and everything that's inside of you out. Get it out on the table. Think about your favorite leaders, mentors, idols. They don't have all the answers, but they do know when to ask questions or seek support from their community. So therapy can be a source of support for any area of your life. It's time to shift the focus from doing it all to knowing that we're better when we ask for help. You good at that? Sonic? Good at asking for help. Asking for Help. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a very outward person. That's Yes you are. Yeah. It's a good But that's a good quality. BetterHelp is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide, you can access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Easy switch therapists, anytime at no extra cost. And that's important. Yeah, it is. You don't feel awkward about moving on. It's not the right fit. Yeah. This month BetterHelp is giving you the biggest discount on starting therapy that has ever been offered on this show. 90% off your first week. Your wellbeing's worth it. So don't miss it. For a limited time, visit BetterHelp dot com slash Conan to get 90% off your first week. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/ Conan.


One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. I know. Like I'm trying to sell my coal miners hat and it goes to a dance troupe. Ugh. That's no good. It's just stupid. That's where LinkedIn ads come in. Fortunately. LinkedIn is a network of over 1,000,000,001. You can't even count that high. I can't, I can't either. Like, as a network of over 1 billion businessy people who might actually be interested in your business. You can even target your buyers by job title, industry, company roles, seniority skills, company revenues. Did I say job title? I think I did. Mm, just stop wasting budget on the wrong audience. That's just stupid. Start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will give you a $100 credit on the next campaign, so you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco trips and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.


This next one. Oh boy. Sona, this is called Sona is a bad, bad grandchild child. I don wanna Do this one. I listen recently, my mom, after we watched this clip, you'll understand this more. I mean, I Love it. I don't wanna do this one, but after we watch the clip, I know. I don't wanna do this one. 'cause my mom did come up to me and she's like, you need to tell everybody what a great woman your great grandmama was. 'cause I made her sound like a crazy witch. I'm sorry, we don't have time for that. No, no. Go ahead. This is the time. No, She was my great grandmama who I made used to make cry just for funsies was actually an really incredible human being. And You know, I I What? Okay. Well, so your mom has seen this. She has, I don't even know how, she never talks to me about like, Dave, I saw you talk about this thing on the podcast.


It's just like every once in a while she brings it up. So I don't know if someone sent it to her Oh boy. Or if she just watches it and just doesn't wanna talk to me about Interesting. The things that I say. Wow. Yeah. Which they could possibly be the second one. 'cause she doesn't like some of the things I talk about. Roll it. Sona, you lived with Oh my, yeah. My aunt. Your grandparents. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And dad had both lived into their Nineties. Into their nineties. Yeah. And they came from, They came from Istanbul. Yep. And I mean, my, my grandpa started, he was a butcher when he was 12. Like, they just put him to work really early. Right.


So it's like, the idea that you are trusting a 12-year-old with slaughtering animals is just, feels like a completely different world. But also just the fact that then they come to this country and they're living with you and it's, you're going out to in and out to grab a burger. Yeah. And whatever else you're up to. It's just this amazing clash of cultures. I I find that stuff fascinating. Yeah. Well, my great grandma also lived with us and she was old as shit. She was really old. She, you don't say old as shit. She was really, really old. And I remember she was this old wrinkly lady and I was really young. I was maybe like 10. And my mom's like, she's gonna sleep in your room. And I, that it, from then on, I was terrified of the dark.


'cause I thought she was like a old witch lady. And she was just like, Wait, when you say she was, what did you say? Old as Shit. Yeah. How old is old as shit. She was, I mean, when I was 10, she was like 95 Because there are young comedians out there that now see me and go, you're old as shit. So it's all, it's all relative. That's why I was 10 and she was 60. No, no. Seriously. How old do you think she was? She was 9 95. Yeah. Wow. But she was like an old wrinkly lady. And I was young and I was like, why is this old person in my room? And I, I got terrified of the Dark. You like an awful grandchild. I was really bad. I, I Love this like, old and wrinkled. Why is that in my room? I have, we did something else. I don't wanna, I shouldn't bring Well we gotta now Come on.


This is really bad. So she had a son who passed away that no one told her passed away. And then my uncle who was still in Istanbul, and we'd hold up two fingers, Andd be like, meze, You know, touch one of 'em. And we would, she would touch him and be like, oh, that's, You know, Bejo Dadda, who was my uncle. And she'd just instantly start crying. And we thought it was so funny. Wait, I don understand what was happening here. She, Because we kept reminding her of these people she hadn't seen in a long time. And we'd instantly make her cry. And Danny and I were like, let's go make Menzie cry. Whoa. Oh my God. You're a, you're a monster. You're a sociopath. Wow. How is that? We were just fascinated with her instant like sadness. Thought You Heard the true sociopath, but it's you or Wrong.


Really was mad. What That No, no, no. I, to be fair, I did it to my grandmother Ma too. I used to go to remember that Thatlet loved one that perished. It was fun. We used to call it, it was the old fun, we called it the parish game. Oh, hey, let's go play perish. And we go into Monty's room. Remember the one you loved who perished? Look at them. Water works. You're an awful, awful person. No, No joke. That was really bad. Yeah, you're a bad person. It was bad. We would make her laugh just for Fun. Well, listen, let's have some good come from this. You don't need to clarify. No joke. We, we Know that it's bad. We would make her cry just for fun. Yeah, yeah. No. 'cause we were terrible People. Let's, let's have some good come out of this. If you're listening right now and you're tempted to go mock a very, very old relative by reminding them of someone they lost long ago.


Think twice. Yeah. That's a little word from Conan O'Brien needs a friend. What if one day your great-grandchildren come up to you and your old and wrinkly and sleeping in their bedroom? Yeah. And start doing this to you. Will you laugh? I'll be so old. Look. I think, did you ever do anything when you were younger? We were like, that's a shitty thing. Like I used to egg houses and now I'm like, oh, I would, that's not cool. Yeah. We would play. Did you ever play dead Man? No. Where you'd lie half in the street, half on the curb. Like you're dead. And wait for a car to drive by and stop and go.


Like, are you okay? And all the other kids are hiding in the bushes listening. No. And you just go, no, I'm just looking at the stars. Matt Really Don't So press, that's Nowhere near what you did. Whole Thing you used to do. No, that is so bad. Uhuh. Look, my mom unfortunately saw this clip. My mom that was, that's my mom's grandma Meze. She's my great grandmama. She was an incredible woman. I can't believe I called her oldest shit. And I think that that's a terrible word usage that I had. But I, she was an incredible, incredible lady. I do feel bad. I think I just kind of said it in a flippant way, but I do feel bad that I used to make her cry just for fun.


Which is an awful thing to do. How old were you? I was like, I think I was around 10 or 11. And it is so Definitely old enough to know better. It Is. You know what? That's the thing I was, no, I was old enough to know better. Yeah. I think it Is. People are hearing you your true self right now. Yes. Yes. I do think like, the older I get too, the more I realize I can cry very easily. So I think that we were just kind of like, look at her, have emotions just from us saying a name. Yeah. And I feel like now as a, You know, a human, I would be like, I shouldn't do that. It's Kind of true. Most kids are sociopaths and then you learn empathy as you have trauma come upon. Oh my God. Again, don't act so shocked.


Look, if there's any 10 or 11 year olds listening and you have a great grandma who can cry very easily, like just don't do it. Okay. Yeah. I'm glad we cleared that up. Okay. Oh geez. That was hard to watch. That was hard to watch. It's hard to be a partner sometimes. This next one is Conan's Hot Ones. Recap. Yeah. This was quite a moment in the pop culture in last year. Yeah. And then we, we got to have Conan just kind of recap his experience on Hot Ones where he broke the system. I, I don't even, like this is, this was a fun moment for our podcast, but the hot ones episode, I think in terms of Conan's career was probably one of the most unhinged, just funniest things I think I've ever seen him do.


Yeah. But yeah, and it was really, I mean, it was incredible how many people were talking about him after that. And so Yeah. It, it, this one's, this one's really funny. Let's listen. Yeah. How are you? I'm doing great. Are you? I am. Okay. A lot of people are asking me how do I feel Because you, you ate a, you ate a lot of spicy food on Hot ones. Yes. I went on the show Hot ones. Yeah. And I did not, I was aware of the show. Obviously it's a very successful show. I hadn't really can't say I was an expert on the show. I went in thinking, well whatever happens, I just have to eat all the wings and, and just go for it and make a fool of myself.


And so that's, I kind of had that plan in mind, but didn't know much beyond that. The host. Very good. Excellent. I like that guy a lot. He's very good interviewer. He is, he's a really good interviewer. And and they do a really good job on that show. So Sean's asking me questions and I was just determined to just keep stuffing these wings in no matter what. And then of course, me being me, I start drinking the sauce. Yeah. And rubbing it around on my face and my chest and everything. And the whole, and I've, so when I walk around now, because a lot of people have seen this, people keep asking me if I'm okay. I wonder the same thing. Well I also just watch Conan Musk go, which is fantastic by the way. And in Thailand you get pretty floored, albeit comedy Yeah.


Comedically by some sauce. Yes. So I thought, you're gonna go down when I see hot ones. Yeah. Yeah. No, well we played that up for comedy and then, and, and, and you're allowed to, in the, in a sketch world or comedy world, you can fake things a little bit. I'm aware of Oh yes. Isn't how comedy Works. That's comedy works Really well. I really, when I look at YouTube, I think an explanation might be in order. So what's the deal? Do you not have taste buds or something? How, how did you do that? I have never seen you eat spicy food. I don't eat spicy food. That's, I You, You know, there's people who like put Tabasco or Tapio on stuff. If I've, I've had so many meals with you and I've never seen you eat spicy Food. Yeah. I have a theory. Is that the only thing worse than that amount of thermal spice would be you not somehow getting the attention that Yes.


Eating all of that would give you Yes. Yeah. And all joking aside, and also I've had a bunch of people posit that I have the red haired gene, which is, there's a, You know, when I go to the dentist and they give me Novocaine, they then go to drill and it's like, I haven't had Novocaine. And I'm always saying, I, I feel everything right now. And they would, and they always say, oh yeah, you're a redhead. I don't know if that's whoa, but I've had many dentists say that to me. And they keep, they give me a lot more. And they say the redheads have whatever higher pain threshold or something. I don't know what it is. Meaning You feel less pain. You feel more pain. I don you Feel nothing. You don't, well You don't feel, I don't know. I don't know exactly how it works.


And I'm just freewheeling here. I just know what I've been told by people. I don't think it's it, I think you have it, Matt. Which is, I've always been, if I think something will be funny, I'll do it and deal with it later. And Did you Yeah, I did deal with it later. I, I was dealt with later. What, what, how did it manifest itself? I've be, I've spot welded. I mean an iron I spot welded. We're all thinking The Same thing. I spot welded. I went to a, I went, I wanted it to be useful. What And how Much did you shit, How Much did your butter, Here's what I decided to do. And Do you have butt taste books? Here's what I decided to do. I decided that I wanted, after I ingested all that, I wanted it to be useful.


So I found a construction site where they were doing spot welding. And I went there and I said, gentlemen, If you want, I can weld these girders for you in about, I'm guessing about 15 minutes, you'll need to avert your eyes. 'cause I'll be dropping my pants. And they said, okay. And I said, I will need someone to stay behind and light it and then we'll be all set to go. So there's a building in the Mid Wilshire district that's going up. Come on. And I, I think I did about 65 rivets in the building. And people were driving by saying O'Brien his pants around his ankles.


And I think fire is shooting out of his ass. And he's welding a building. And here's the biggest problem. Can't Breathe. I had to join the union. But that way everybody wins. There's a building. And trust me, that section of the building will never fall. That's it. That's the best. And they've had an engineer say, whoever did this, these are heat temperatures we've never seen. So every time you're gonna weld something, you just have to eat a lot of hot wings. Yes. I'm in the union now and all I have to do is I've got all the sauces from Hot ones. You are the Saddest X-Men Ever. Yeah. Meet the X-Men.


Really? He's on the X-Men. What do we do with It? His name's ass weld. What's this? Super. And I just, and You know what it is? I I have a bandelier and instead of, instead of ammunition, it's just sauces. And they're like, what are we gonna do? How are we gonna get out of this thing? The bad guys have sealed us in this lead, lead safe. Hold on a second To, to pull your pants Down. You have to pull your pants down. Does your Uniform have a compartment? Oh yeah. The uniform has And the com compartment. Like a union suit. The little thing. Little flap you. Well it's actually, it's a very tiny flap that's sees the exact circumference of an anus.


Oh. It's a tiny circle That un flaps. Oh. And then just a beam of the whitest light you've ever seen comes out A Phosphorus. A phosphorus. Yeah. And, and everyone has to put on welding goggles. Oh God. Do you see what I'm doing? I'm raising my ass out of the chair. Why? 'cause I feel like I'm just having psychosomatic symptoms of that or something. You know what? I think you asked the question. Everybody was thinking after hot ones, which is like Yeah. Had it come out right. He, he joked, but we don't really know. Well I know, but maybe that's true. You know, maybe, Maybe it's true that he welded a building.


Maybe. But The Reason why I love that clip is that I think more than most clips shows how good Conan is at improv. Yeah. I mean he took basically a thing of like, yeah, my stomach is upset and my butt was burning and turned it into like a movie like that. Like it was like a Three x structure character and a character. A fully developed character. That's right. That had to join the Union. Exactly. I mean, just so many amazing. I mean truly it was just a, like a one man show. So that's I love Picture. Yeah. And how many welding terms he just ly just pulls out of his ass. Yeah. Pun Pun intended. Well done. Thank you. I have to say, I, I haven't watched these since we recorded them.


Me either, but, so it's, this is really fun. Yeah. We should do this more often. I agree. We should just watch ourselves. Yeah. You wanna come over later and watch me? Yeah. Watch you. Just me. You edited yourself out of every video. And there's just a big goly video out there. We knew we wanted to have like some That's awesome. Reference to hot ones, You know, in this, because the, like you said, such a big moment. What we couldn't really fit into this episode was the Dr. Arroyo. Oh, special. Oh my God. Was, because it's just so long. Right? It's so long. But It's consistently Funny. And it contains what I think might be the funniest line of the year Yeah. On this podcast, which is when he says, Dr. Arroyo, I want you to come and take my pulse.


Yes. And then you start choking me. And then Dr. Arroyo, Jose Arroyo, hilarious writer. Says, I thought you wanted me to take your pulse. Take your pulse. Take your pulse, take it away. Oh God. That guy. Yeah. He's so funny. Well, as brilliant as Conan is at improv, he's not a great arm wrestler. He's Weak. He's a weak little Man. This also, I think out of maybe all the segments we've done this year is the most chaotic. I'm trying to remember. All I can remember from this is utter victory. That's the only thing I remember. So I'm excited to see this year, then you're in for a treat. Okay. Did you Really think he would ever beat you? I knew you were gonna win.


Did you really? Yeah. I don't know. I don't know because he has, I don't know about his physicality, but he has a willpower like no human I've ever met before. That's true. So sometimes that's all you need, You know. But I also, he's, he is a very strong person too. I mean, he works out, but I also know that he would put too much thought into it. Oh, interesting. And he'd be like in his, his own head and, Or I'm just all animal magnet Magnetism. You're just dumb jock. And you're like, fuck yo, I'll take it Russell, I'll yeah, let's Do it. And then I went home to my cheerleaders Classic Matt Classic. All right, let's roll this. I wanna see this. Maybe we'll watch it twice.


And this is what we were just talking about. I made a declarations and I'm pretty sure I could take anybody in this room in a physical fight. Except I said Blay. I don't think I could take you. 'cause you work out all the time. Thank you very much. You could. I don't think I could, but, and then everyone started to get into it, like, no, you couldn't, you couldn't take Ed Eduardo. But you said more than that. Yeah. You said I'd fight you without my hands. Yes. Well, I know that you're a huge, And I still think he'd Win. Yeah. I, no, I think you're a huge, you're a huge soccer fan. You love Lionel Messi. It's leonel by the way. And wow. I just think you're probably like in the back of your mind think, I can't use my hands. I've gotta get 'em with my feet. And then I just lay you out.


You know? And then Adam, I'm sorry, but I just, it would be over very quickly. I disagreed. Yeah. Yeah. I think Adam's the, the quiet prize fighter. You know? Have you been in many physical fights? Very few. Very few. Very few said Sona, I think rightfully said that she couldn't see me getting, like, working up enough rage for The fight. I don't, I, yeah, I, I think first of all, you remind me and the, the, the listener probably thinking, well, we can't picture this Adam Sachs, imagine a milder Michael Serra. No. Is that fair? Like even milder and not as strong.


I don like a Michael, like Michael Sarah's like on steroids compared to No, He tall. Adam's tall and live. And I think, do you wanna arm wrestle across the table? Oh, Oh yes, yes. Come on. No, I can't. This rotator cuff. Oh really? I'd like to see this. My money's on this guy. Right. Well, wait A minute. The whoever wins an arm wrestling fi struggle does not win the fight. No, I'm Just saying it's a, it's a one indicator of strength. It's one of, it's, it, it doesn't mean I'm, I would beat you in a fight, but it would, it means I'd beat you in a single, You know, feet of strength. Well, this thing's in the way. No, but listen how Co But listen, let's keep the conversation going for a bit first. Okay. Okay. And then we'll see if this so-called test of mm.


Fighting aptitude and gets us there. You know, so every time you're in a, a stressful situation, or let's say you're walking down the, the street with your wife and some f stands in the way and says, gimme money. You're gonna say we I'm Wrestl and see who gets my goal. Is that what you'll say? It's, I mean, it came to mind. We can figure out other ways to test our Strength. How about I fight you? I fight you, but you're blindfolded. I mean, I'm, I Can't do that. You know, micd up. It's easier to show sit At the table show. Yeah. And what about now, Matt, what are you, when you see me, when you see you coming after me, I know you're ageist and stuff, but come on. I mean, look at, look at this guy. This guy's, No, you look great. You're super fit. Free range. And I wanna say this, the only thing I've got going in my corner is a desperate need to prove something to you.


My father figure. Yes. And so that might be enough to take me over the top. Also, I'm betting, just because I know you got a lot of flea markets and you love to buy weird things. I bet you have a Flemish suit of armor at home And probably some kind of antique brass knuckle or Yeah. Oh yeah. With that knife cane. You know, You, you have all kinds of weapons. Ironically. I bet you have those. What's an ironic weapon? Weapon? Oh, You know, like a bumber shoot that has a little, that's What I just said. A little knife that comes out. That's What I literally just said. I know. But comes Out before You got that comes. But one that has like a James Bond. That's what I just said. You didn't say one that has a little knife that comes out. I did. Did you? I did. I said, did he say that? Yes. Oh, I think I would lose this fight. I wouldn't even know I was in a fight. I'm telling you as my body grows stronger and it every day, ladies, I think my mind is going, I didn't hear you say that, but then again I was yelling at you and I wasn't really listening.


Well See, you need your mind. You, You know, you can't just be fleet of foot. You need your mind in a fight, You know? Yeah. And coordination. You have no coordination. Let you have no coordination. Let's get to the bigger thing. And I think Sona could take You. I can easily take you. Whoa. And You Know, you would have the rage. I can take you. You know what I do? You do the rage. I have the rage. I'll say this. An angry Sona beats everyone in this room. Oh Yeah. I think We're all angry rage. And I've seen you when your blood is up. Yeah. And you are the ksi. It's, it's insane. The dragons the whole thing. You're just, but You don't have you. Yes. You are a strong person. You And I have, I have a lot of inner rage. Oh, for sure. You do. But you also, you don't have very much coordination. I don I don't. And I think you'd be doing a lot of bits. You do bits. You'd be putting the pen and be like, Hey, mustache Pen. Yes. Yes. I would do bits as I fought, which I think is very impressive.


I managed to do bits when I fight people. I don't think that is impressive. And I think you'd get beaten, beaten Up Unless it's a distracting tactic. Oh, it wouldn't be distracting. It's a lot of me using glasses. If I have a pen, I make it a mustache or I make it like, like a, I'm a walrus with one. Yeah, you did Wal with one Ts walrus. I'm a walrus with one tus. You know, there's only One way to decide this. And that is right now Fight Club. Yeah. Battle Royal. Fight Club. The six of us. Why don't you guys go right now? Okay. So, Jesus, God, what, what are you doing? Trying to swing at you already. I feel like I don't know anything about arm wrestling technique, but I can tell it's Not right. I don, I know nothing about arm wrestling. All right. And I don't think it's a chest of strength. Alright, on your marks. And we, we hold these hands.


Ready? Wait, what are you guys doing? Hold the bottom. Trying to say something. Matt reached over and held my other hand. This is over the top rules. If we don't have the little joysticks, what? But why did you hold my hands? Is this what you do? Hey, do you wanna get one milkshake and two straws? Hey, how about we both, we we both start on different ends of a strand of spaghetti and move our way to the middle. Have you people never arm wrestled with someone you loved dearly and wanted to get closer? Can I say something else? Gimme your hand. He held my hand and he did a little bit of that. There was a little bit of a rub. No, you do, there's you do You do this? No, that that's on the side. That's not in the middle. That's on the side. We to go.


That's blocking a disagreement. Is broken out in chess club is what's happening as soon. This is so weird. As I seen this, my microphone is over here. Whatcha are you doing with this technique before? Yeah, when? Okay, but ah, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. He's wait. A minute. You're on this side of the table. Pushing that way, Charlie, that way Gorley won easily. No, but you saw what he did. I let's, you're on this side of the table. There's no way. Well, let's switch places then. Like arm wrestling. No, just stay there, but get here. This is chaos. Here we go. Ready? Yep. We go. Wait, wait. No, when, when one one to one, one to one, one to one.


Hold his other hand. Come. I'm not doing shit. Anybody. He's lift up his arm. You okay? What happened? What the fuck's wrong with you? What the fuck is wrong with you? Can't you arm wrestle? Oh my God. Oh my God. Look at that. He, he broke my skin. Stacked in with the pen. Here's the thing. Dirty. You Arm wrestling Bro. Ever seen when I said I would win? What I'm telling you is I would win. I would use anything in the room to win. Yeah. You know what you would, I think you would. I think you're the best like cheater. Yeah, That's true. True. I Don't call it Cheating. Is it Cheating when Jason Bourne uses, fuck, he uses something in the kitchen when the Russian attacks him and beats him.


That's Not cheating. Just wanna say He does use a pen, but he uses the, the pointy nib and you just took like the blunt, curvy end. 'cause I didn't Look At that. Matt. I didn't wanna hurt you. I I Do you realize if that if I'd used the sharp, I thought About that. You did. You could've Killed me. I would Like, my dream is that all of you attacked me at once. That's my dream too. Okay. I think we all, that's so weird. I think we all have the same dream. Oh wow. Man still feels good Two after all this time. Part two. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. That really was Adam Cohen will, I forgot How much he went after. He just totally dismissed. I think We can need to have a tournament.


Like, have you guys ever seen over the top the Stallone movie? Yeah. And that's what I'm talking about when I reference those joysticks. Yeah. When you do professional arm wrestling. And so when you do it at truck stops, like I often am, you have to grab each other's hands underneath. That's how you do it. Okay. I defend this and there are people online that will come to my defense on this. I think the Interesting thing was you just assumed Conan knew that That's true. Maybe that was My mistake. So that you like, went to hold his hand and he just didn't understand what you were Think it's hand holding. No, nobody did. I think we were all like, why? He's confusing to everybody in The room. Really? Yes. You guys gotta get out, You know, to Truck Stops. Yeah. Truck stops and dive bars and honky tonks. It's like A switch. Exactly. Yes. He turns his hat around and that's when he goes and did. But We need to have a tournament.


How does that work? So you just, everybody does, everybody arm wrestles, everybody. And then the winners proceed. I don do, we have to have, It's either round robin where we all, You don have to, it's either there's three choices. Yes. It's, it's round robin where we all arm wrestle each other or we come up with heats and do a bracket or we don't do it. I think The third option, the third option is probably the best. Honestly, that was, there was so much testosterone in that segment, which Is rare for this room. It is. That's what is so crazy is that you guys are not like, you'll kick anyone's ass. Yeah. You're not, nobody in this room is like that. No, but we had an entire segment where we just talked about whether or not we could all beat up Conan.


I would like to do like it's relative maybe this summer, You know that now that we're talking about this, maybe a podcast Olympics to find out which one of us is the best podcaster. And it could be different events that aren't necessarily all, You know, who has the best pronunciation of different words, perhaps who You know. Oh, okay. Maybe not. Well, I, No, I didn't, I didn't know what goes into being a good podcaster. I stand only to lose my Technique. You know, I've almost been doing this for 20 years and if I don't win this, I'm gonna That's a huge embarrassment. The Stakes are high. Yeah. I'm just saying it, it could lend itself to a competition. Eduardo, you're Right. Sure. I just, sure. Thanks buddy. What is good? You, you forget your retainer today. My god. I'm a great podcaster.


I just love, I love your idea of like being a great podcaster Is do you enunciate and then do you have good mic technique That also felt like a Conan joke to you? Oh, oh yeah. With the hard GI Oh, Oh. I, I did not think of it. I was not That's Not a rip on you. That's true. I know of all the thing. I mean, obviously I would lose that one because also, well, no, Because Conan does this all the time. I'm constantly editing it out. I'm constantly editing out his You're gonna lose You. So you've been doing this for 20 years.


We drink so much water every day and it's just water. And I'm like, hello. Boring. Yeah. There's gotta be a way to make water more exciting. Well, guess what? Someone cracked it with authentic flavors and lively carbonation. Waterloo sparkling waters bring full flavor artistry. Bla You're drinking one right now. Drinking one right now. I got the raspberry nectarine and it is tasty. It's Very good. Very tasty. Everyone here in the office has been enjoying them. They're, they're excellent. They're delicious. Yeah. And, and You know, you say what's flavor artistry? Yes. You know, some people think, oh, you're just talking a lot of high class nonsense conant. No, it's about custom crafting, multi sensorial flavor experiences of aroma, taste and mouth feel that make you say wow. Wow. To that sentence, Waterloo Waters are crafted, not formulated or off the shelf, just purified sparkling water and non GMO project verified natural flavors, which I insist on Me too. With zero calorie sugars or sweeteners. I drink water constantly. I just had a couple of wa glasses of water and it was just regular water upstairs and I regret that time. It's, it's, it was just boring. You'll never get that back. I'll never get that time back. Three full glasses of water. I wish it was Waterloo and I could have had What did you have? Raspberry. You know what? What's that one? Cracking Open a peach right Now. Okay, well why you should, you could've offered that to me. You just ate a second when I haven't had one. Oh, sorry. Nice. Thanks a lot. I'm so thirsty. Were are you working tomorrow? Give Waterloo Sparkling Water a try. Look for Waterloo Sparkling Water next time you shop. Learn more about the flavors from Waterloo Sparkling water@drinkwaterloo.com.


Oh man. I do a lot of traveling. Yeah, you do. You know how to do the travel shows. Nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, is it T-Mobile customer? You can take the perks with you. That's good. Isn't that nice? It starts the moments you take off with free in-flight wifi so you can stream your favorite show on the go. Obviously that would be this show I would think. Yeah. You you go in a plane and then you stream your podcast. If I'm anxious about a flight, the thing that calms me is seeing myself. And then when you land T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands. Did You know that? No. Yep. Plus you're covered with five gigabytes, count 'em five of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with go 5G plus or next plans. And I have to tell you, it's a nice feeling when I travel the globe for my travel work, I like to know that when I land in that other country, I'm covered. I'm there. Yeah. I can text you and say, Hey, I got here safely. Yeah. I forgot to feed my cat. Could you feed my cat? Oh yeah. You could remind me. I don't have a cat. Right. It's all good stuff. Yeah. You FaceTimed me before from another country and it was crisp. She was clear. Yep. You could see every mark on my face. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel qualifying plan required wifi where available on select US Airlines terms and conditions apply.


Speaking of enunciation. Oh, that's right. And this was from a summer s'mores with Cony and the Chill Chums where we played the camp game Chubby Bunny. Which like holding hands under the arm wrestling. You guys didn't know or Conan didn't know. I Didn't know about Chubby Bunny. You guys, you gotta get To truck, truck stops and summer camp. Well, here's the thing. I remember, I remember you talking about how you learned about Chubby Bunny at summer camp, but then I feel like shortly after, you were saying you never went to summer Camp. Camp. I learned about it when I taught at an improv summer camp at Viola Bible College. Wait, is this the same, is this when you were also talking about when you kept getting homesick when you Were teaching? That was a different improv camp that I taught.


She, You were saying that you were homesick at camp and then it turned out you were not a camper. Right. You were homesick. I was fully Grown adult. I was a fully grown adult. And you said Viola. Wait, so that's not even, you weren't even that far from where you lived. It was Lata and I lived in Whittier. The next town over? No, I lived in Long Beach at the time. Oh, that's better. Also, this was improv camp that was not affiliated with the Bible College. It just rented the thing. But there's, on that campus, there's a building with a photorealistic 40 foot tall Jesus. And every time you're doing improv, you, you look up at this Jesus just staring down at you. Is He at least Laughing? He's got a mouth full of marshmallows.


Alright, Let's roll it. When you guys were at camp, did you ever play Chubby Bunny? I don't know what that is. No you don't. I don't know what that is. Okay. We don't have to do this, but this was just an idea that came up when we were discussing this season. What happens is everybody takes a marshmallow, you put it in your mouth and you say the words chubby bunny. And then we take turns adding a marshmallow each time until someone can't say Chubby Bunny anymore and they're out. Alright. Okay. Can We eat the marshmallow? You have to keep it in your mouth. Alright. This is the game. Marlon Brando was playing when he, when hed Justin, when he secured the role for the Godfather.


Can I Keep drinking? Yeah. Yeah. Will it dissolve the mud? Oh no. You can't drink. No, you can't drink. Mm. All right, so soda's out. Chubby bunny. So you can't swallow, you can't chew. You have to keep it in your mouth. Right? Let me just, yeah. Hold on. Let's all does a look. Let stock up. Ever heard of You've never heard of this? No. God, you grew up in a strange way. I did. Yeah. You No, no, no. I, I have strange tales and stuff, but there was no chubby bunny in my, in my background. Who's played? Chubby Bunny Every hand goes up. Oh my god. Nope. Eduardo was giving me the thumbs down. Never heard of it. Never played it Never. Okay. Okay. All right. All right. Chubby bunny. Wait, does that count as you saying Chubby Bunny?


It doesn't sound like chubby bunny. Oh, Probably Bunny. She's out. She's out. You, First of all, you can't articulate things when you're In A banging Is you go into snake Order. Hmm. Yeah. Order like, Oh my God. Oh God. You don help you guys. I was Gonna throw up, throw out.


Okay. Raw. This game brought you by Dr. Heimlich. I was gonna, I was going to throw up. I was Actually going to throw up. These are the biggest marshmallows of all time. My girl stuff it in your mouth. Girly Marshmallows, Bitch.


Oh no. Wait. Oh God. There's so much spit there. Girls. Mm. Oh my God. Oh my God. A giant mouse. Sit So stupid. This, this is the dumbest thing. I've, I just love that you can't talk.


What is coming up? Protest. Oh God. Are you doing the Gettysburg? Yes. I'm, which means I win. Okay. That's it. Ah. Ah. Ah. Oh God. Oh, more Napkins. Could you guys do more than one? There's no winners in chubby Bunny. Only losers. I Don't know why I have one question. Yeah. I developed this fastidious way of talking. I was going a chubby a bunny and I wasn't even trying to thank you.


But in my effort to over annunciate it came out as a chubby a bunny. And I wasn't trying to do that. It's just what happened. Could you tell it was the Gettysburg address? Yeah, I could. Oh yeah, definitely. Yeah, you go. Well there you go. Also, if there's anything you're reciting, it's usually the Gettysburg address. Oh man. Oh my God. Crumms is so fun. Yeah. 'cause we get to drink. Yeah. Although this year, not until much later. I know. And so I remember just like downing those drinks you gave us and I got pretty hammered pretty quickly. That's nice. Yeah. I made up for lost time. Yeah. Good. Good. We gotta change that rule for next year.


We do. But I don't think Conan's gonna want to. Well, He doesn't have to know. He's Like, why guys have to get drunk and because he's not, he doesn't, he can't hang with us. No, he can't. That's why you and I will pregame. Yeah. We're gonna go to Pachanga Casino. We're Gonna pregame there. Why can't we just go somewhere else? Okay. That's fine. That's fine too. What was I gonna say? Okay, so in order to promote the Chill chimps, 'cause we recorded it in Altadena. Yeah. Ruthie and Sam are, are two of the awesome people in our marketing team got in touch with the Altadena Chamber of Commerce. And then I ended up joining the Altadena Chamber of Commerce. And then very recently I went to one of their events and I had a blast.


Wait, don't you have to have a business to be in the Chamber of Commerce? You don't. Not in Altadena at least. Wow. I just was like a normal person and I just signed up to be in the Chamber of Commerce. What Do you do? And what kind of blast did you have? Something called the Sip and Shop. Oh Yes. And you sipped, you shopped. And then there was a live band and you could just dance and have a really nice time in Altadena. What Did you sip? Wine. You paused. Yeah, I took shots. You guys Yager bombed. We did a Yeager bomb. Oh man. I haven't done a Yeager bomb in ages. We should do old school drinks that we don't do anymore. Yeah. Like Long Island iced Teas. Oh yeah. Right. Yeah. Sucks on the beach.


Yeah. Yeah. Southern Comfort. Oh, I can't drink SoCo. Oh God. I can't do it. 'cause I still remember that one time I had a house party and threw up ZMA four. Four Loco. Four Loco. Four Loco. Wow. I Still got some. That was more recent though. I still got some. No, you don't. Do you really? No, I don't. Oh, okay. All right. Alright, well, Speaking of Commerce. Oh right, very good. Wow. That's right. This last clip is actually not from the show itself, but an ad and it's kind of become infamous. It's the luxe bidet ad. Oh yeah. Which I have to admit, I have never fully seen. I've heard about it. Yeah. But when I edit, the ads are not in the episodes. They're what's called dynamically inserted later.


And Mars edits the ads. So I've never really heard or seen this full thing, so I'm very excited. Really? Yeah. I wasn't even, I don't if this is the one that I think is the first one. I wasn't even talking. Yeah. I wasn't even here for that. Oh, wow. Okay. Yeah. And so David was sitting in for me, and this is since then, we've done I think a couple other Lux Bday ads. But this was the first one. And this one is apparently, I I, I don't know if I've ever listened to it all the way through either. We Weren't sure how Lux was going to react. And listeners will understand why after they, I think see the clip or hear the clip. But they were so thrilled about it that they, they, You know, kept coming back and wanting more ads.


Oh, Okay. They're crazy. Let's See this thing


C toilet paper has no business trying to battle the mess of a large holiday meal. B days on the other hand, shoot a precise, I the fuck happened to me. I'm a good guy. I went to a good college. I worked hard. I wrote a thesis in college. I wrote a thesis. I've worked hard for years. I've raised a family. I've never gone to jail. I've never committed a crime. And here I am explaining how you gotta shoot water up your ass. That's ridiculous. Insanity. What did I do? What am I some kind of, I, I don't understand. How did this happen? Toilet paper has no business trying to battle the mess of a large holiday meal. Do You know what they're implying? They're implying that if I eat a large holiday meal, I just am gonna, my, my bottom's gonna explode. It's gonna be too much for any toilet paper. No toilet paper can handle that. No. You need a whole other device. I'm crying. You need a bidet that shoots water. No more smearing. It says here on the copy, no more skid marks. What happened to this? A precise stream. A precise stream. Lux Bidet. Oh, here we go. Is the number one bestselling BT brand. And I thought I had sold out. Can I just say, they say people will laugh when they first see it and we Sure did. We, we haven't even seen it. 3 million Satisfied customers across the US and over 150,005 star reviews on Amazon who uses a bidet and then says, I've gotta go give an Amazon review. I've checked back there seven times. Clean as a whistle. My, this is, I'm gonna keep going because this people are laughing too hard. Lux Bidet offers a range of patented bidet models. Oh, really? Including the award-winning Neo Plus series. That one. What does that do? Fancy. Yeah. The bidet comes and finds you when it's time to poop. I think you should go. Really? I think you should go. That was a large burrito. Lux bidets. Neo Plus series is the next generation of B Day attachment with never before seen patented features. That's right. Never before scene. This series features a 360 degree self clean mode. Three easy, 360 degrees, self clean mode. Are people spinning around on their ass. Easy lift design, fast slide in installation, plus all the same features as their bestselling bidets. Oh my God. Then it says, please talk about what you, why you love your lux bidet. I don't have one, but this is my favorite ad ever. This is a fantastic ad and this is gonna go out as it is or it won't go out. Get the gifts. Your friends and family will never forget this holiday season. Hey grandma, wash your ass. Use code na to get 20% off. Bide is@luxbide.com. That's L-U-X-E-B-I-D-E t.com and code n slash a for 20% off. They made me spell bide. Oh my God.


Oh My God. Now, one of my favorite things about that ad that many people probably don't know is there's a person sitting in the back of that room and Eduardo, do you want to explain who that person is? Yeah. Shout out To Brendan Burns. Brendan, who we had invited that day to come and sit in. Unbeknownst to me, I didn't know what coding was gonna be reading that day. And Brendan, you might hear him in the credits he mixes for this show. So yeah. And, but this was his first day to just kind of get a lay He never of the Studio. I, I met him right before that, the ad session. He had never sat in on a, on a session with us before. Oh my gosh. And then this happens. And it's really funny to watch the video and see Brandon like kind of looking around like, should I, is this, is this how things are here?


Is this what I made a huge mistake? Really, really, really Funny. It does kind of make you wanna buy a bidet though. I, yeah. Yeah. I think so. I think, oh man, I love that you can, like Conan usually gets a stack of ads, starts reading and sort of like un is understanding in real time what the ad is and you can see him. That's true. It's not like discovering the what, what he's reading an ad for as he's getting further and further into the copy. Yeah. And I do, going back to what you said about his improv, when he does ads, it is so, 'cause he is reading everything and saying everything as he's recording and then the stuff he comes up with, it's just unbelievable. Like in the spot. So it is, it is really FI mean like, I didn't think I would enjoy doing ads for this podcast with him as much as I do, but I I really love doing ads with him.


Yeah. It's really funny. Oh God, that's so funny. You Should get a Lux bidet Me. They should let, they should send us like 20. Yeah, You know what, Because of this ad. I got one and it is awesome. How'd you get one? I bought one. Oh yeah, they didn't give you one. I used the code because now we're giving them double exposure. I don, this isn't even, we're not even dynamic inserting this shit. This Is No, this is All tight. This is just in there. Send us our bidets. Yeah. I send, I haven't gotten a paycheck from this place since, since 2003. Oh. So I just work here. Right? None of my charity work. Yeah, my charity work. No, we Don't get paid. Well, Conan's a horrible boss, but he's a wonderful man. Yes. And we are thinking about you. Yes, we are. We are thinking of, I don't I don't think he's gonna be listening.


No, but I'm just sending that out. I know he doesn't listen. Yeah. But you're right. But this Hardly seems like the episode to Trash talk him. It's true. But we have been. Yeah, we have. I will say it is really obvious that he's not here. He is our leader. Yeah. He is just the, he always turns everything that we say into the funniest thing you could possibly hear. And I think that he's definitely missed. I do like just the two of us being here. It's for me. Yeah. I'm not gonna lie. Do you wanna just go a little longer? I know. Why not? Yeah, let's just, how you been? I'm pretty good. How you been? Not bad. Not bad. Yeah. You got a bidet. I actually do. You do? Yeah. Wow. On that seat right now. I it's, I installed it.


Oh my God. Onto this seat. And I am sitting in Conan seat. That's right. You're so, he's gonna come back with a nice surprise. Well, we'll be back next week with our favorite clips from all the interview guests. And we should mention If you want to see these clips in their entirety, you can go to the Team Coco YouTube channel. So what you've heard on almost all of these has just been a selected portion of a longer clip that you can watch on YouTube. All right. That's it. That's, that's all. That's all she wrote. Excuse me. That's all she did. That's all she did. Who? She, she did it. Who did? She's Mrs. Podcast From Mr. And Mrs. Podcast.


This is Team Coco saying, have a wonderful 2024. What's left of it? Peace out Pac. What's so awkward? Mine. That was so awkward. Whatever's left of it. Yeah. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks for come. Thanks for coming. Thanks For coming and thanks for staying. Yes. Thank Thanks for, thanks for just being you. Yes, thanks. Bye bye. We gotta stop. Just let's do it. Let's end. Yeah. Alright. Thanks for listening everybody. You don't want to add anything to this. Bye. We love you. Is that too much? Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, soum of Cession and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs.


Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aren Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Conn. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan? Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash Conan. And If you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded,


Want the same expert advice from the pros at a discount tire store while shopping for tires online. Meet Treadwell your personal tire guide. Treadwell is an online tire buying guide that gives you personalized recommendations. Shop for tires with treadwell@discounttire.com.


Every sandwich has bread. Every burger has a bun, but these warm, golden, smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best. The filet fish. And you, you can have them too. And you can have it all at two for $6. Like a Philo fish, big Mac, 10 piece McNuggets or large fries. Limited time only. Price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offers. Single item at regular price.


Bottom.