
It is time to play ball in Academy, sports and Outdoors has the gear you need to bring it home for less. That's what I like to hear. 'cause I'm a guy that likes to play ball. You're a jock. I am a jock. Yeah. I'm a jock star. I'm not a nerd. No. I like to be beat up on the nerds. Gear up for baseball, softball, and t-ball with essentials from brands like oh man, Easton Rawlings Wilson Shop, bats, gloves, cleats, gear, and so much more. Academy offers free one hour in store or curbside pickup on orders, plus a 5% price match guarantee. Or choose same day delivery powered by DoorDash. Order by 4:00 PM Get it by 8:00 PM That's you want toss the old pigs skin around. It's 4:00 PM You don't have football. Bang. Yeah. A couple hours later. You got it. Yeah. And then you're thrown around with little Billy or a kid with a different name. Swing by your local store or shop academy.com Today, get ready to hit it out of the park, baby.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apple Card is everything a credit card should be. It's easy to manage. Built to be secure, and gives users up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase. The best part about Apple Card is applying as quick and easy. Applying the wallet app on iPhone and see your credit limit offer in minutes. Subject to credit approval. Apple Card by Goldman Sachs. Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC. Terms and more at Apple Card dot com


Is back to school. Ring Bell. Shoes and Friends. Hello. Welcome to Conan O'Brien. Needs a friend. Sorry, I, we just ate and there was a little gurgle there and I really apologize. And If you didn't notice it, now everyone's rewinding so that they can hear it. Why am I talking? Can, can I start over again? No, I think we nailed it. Hello. And welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. I'm Sono Mo Ossian. And I'm Matt Gorley.


And you're Matt Gorley. Well, You pointed at me, but at the same time you took a breath like you're gonna speak. That was very confusing. Yes. And then I don't do this usually, but You know, Conan is not here. In case anyone has noticed it's me talking. I'm Sona. I am not Conan. And the reason that he's not here, I've never done this before, but shut up. The reason Conan is not here is he's back east with his family. He unfortunately lost both his parents not that long ago. So he's taking some time away. So Matt and I are holding the fort and Holding the fort is strong. Yeah. I think opening the fort to invaders.


Yes. I really need him to be here just to make this easier and more smooth. But I kind of like the vibe I do too. It's easy going. Yeah. There's just the five of us here. Adam's with us, Eduardo and bla. And we're just, we're eating pizza and we're just hanging out. So last week we did a collection of notable clips from our segments and intros was just, just you, me and Conan. Yeah. This week we're doing some notable clips that kind of came to mind from so many wonderful moments this year. Yes. Of the Celebrity Interviews. And I mean, I mean, we, we, yeah. We're starting off with a, with a, with a big one.


What the listener won't know is that we retook this part. Yeah. And in the first time we did it, you said banger. Okay. And since Conan wasn't here, I felt the need to point out your hard G Yes. And I responded by saying, you don't have to, that You don there's, you're right. We don't have to try to fill those gigantic shoes, is what I'm Saying. And I think that would be good of me to not do that. Yeah. And then you made a joke about li about later on listening to a clip from Walton Dodgen. And that didn't make sense. It does make sense. How Does it make sense? I'm going, I said banger is gonna be Gaw. I'm pretending that there's no such thing as a hard G. That everything's a soft G. Okay. So I'm gonna channel Conan and be like, it's good that you have to explain what your joke is.


We're starting with a bang hair. So Your French and you still got the hard Jew There. I did Balal, we did Bal B binger, binger, binger Banger, Binger. Hey, That's pretty Good. Okay, Here's the clip. Al Pacino. Let's listen. You know, it's interesting because you, you're grabbed by the theater. You're this kid, as I said, who you, you start reading checkoff. Yeah. You start reading the classics and it grabs you and you start seeing some productions. You get into theater.


You have so many go nowhere jobs just to, just to stay a, stay alive. I mean, you're, you're delivering papers. You are, you are building superintendent for a while, but not a good one. I Don't think so. Never, never. The guy came out and started talking about me a few years back Yeah. Saying he was a terrible super or something like that. And I thought, why, why would he say that? Yeah. And I also, who's a terrible super. I'm sure there's a lot around. I mean, You know. No, I saw that. There's a really old man who was like, I remember him. He was a terrible super. And I'm like, okay, take his Oscar back. I know. Take away My actor. Terrible. Super.


Well, Christopher Walken, bad mechanic. Robert De Niro. That's just an awful substitute teacher. You know, it's like, what the fuck? What are you talking about? These are so, you come along, you're doing theater, and then this thing that people dream about happens, which is, you get noticed, Francis Ford COPPA is gonna make the Godfather. And he says, I want this guy Al Pacino. And the studio says, fuck you. Of course We want Robert saw it. Right. We want Robert Redford. We want, You know, we want, we, we, we want, You know, we want someone who's been a success.


We want someone who looks a certain way. We want someone probably blonde hair, blue eyed, whatever. Sorry. Yeah, Exactly. I'm looking at you and I say it, I'm sorry. They wanted me actually, You know, my Grandmother, I was eight at the time. Yeah. My grandmother on my mother's side has blonde hair, blue eyes. So just to note that, I mean Yeah. It's in there. It's in you somewhere. Yeah, it Is. But what I'm saying, I Have to put it in You. They don't want you, but, and they, I've seen the screen test where they're saying, okay, well how about Jimmy Khan as Michael Cowell? How about they're trying everybody, they're throwing everybody in there.


You but Francis for Coppola sticks with you. They start shooting and you can tell you reading in the book, and it's riveting on the set. People are like, I don't know about this guy. I don't know about this guy. I don't what, and you can feel it. Yeah. Well, they were giggling. You heard giggling. Yes. So the, here's what's amazing to me. These scenes that I've watched and that everyone's watched in this room a hundred thousand times that are now iconic masterclasses in how you play a character. You're doing it and people are going, oh man, let's hope they get a real actor in here soon. Yeah. Which is unbelievable to me. Was It that severe con I was an 8-year-old kid, but I was there and I had a lot of pull at the studio.


I called Paramount and I was like, I don't think he's got it. Who is this 8-year-old coder O'Brien? What are you, I'll be a big deal someday. You'll see We're not choosing a real phone. Why are you mining them with your hands? My God. It's funny. But, but no, and, and the thing is, which is to me, I look at that performance and as you say in the book, your concept, which was clearly the right one, which is you gotta slowly see Michael come to this position. And then there's the iconic scene where they're all trying to figure out after Veto's been shot, what to do. And you are sitting there with your broken John, you say, okay, we arrange a meeting and the camera's pushing in.


I can't watch that. And I can't talk about it without tingling because I think it is a beautiful way to tell a story through acting. But it takes patience. And the studio was saying, Well, they wanted to see something else, I guess. And both Francis and I, I think, felt that way about, but we were unable, or at least I was unable to articulate what I was doing. But I was doing that. I thought about it on my long walks in Manhattan, You talk about it, you would take long walks, you get the film, but it hasn't started shooting yet. You took long walks. Yeah. I would go all the way from 91st to the Village and back, 91st and Broadway.


And I'd just think about the part, think about it. I still do that with rules. I just think about 'em and, and it, it, it's fun. Yeah. It gets me through the walk. Yeah. You get your step. Yeah. I'm glad to know that in coming up with whom Michael Corone was, you got your steps in. Yeah. There, it's, I I I managed not to get hit by a car that's, in those days they Should make a Fitbit that tells you you have achieved the character. 10,000 steps. Stop. And you've nailed Stop walking. Stop. Stop. Now you've nailed Michael Carle and you've got it.


Oh my God. Did you hear? I said wow. Along with myself in the exact same time. Did at one point in that Yeah, you did. Yeah. I think I saw that. And also, I love that it just cussed to you, just so you could say, wow, I Know what a dork, but I don't mind because we are in the room with fucking Al Pacino. I know. Can you believe that we get to do that? Conan's used to this? You and I, we don't, I mean, I guess you got to being his assistant all those years Kind of rumble, but not but Chino, but also not in this kind of like Yeah. Atmosphere. And you could, I mean, I, I can tell just from looking at that clip, how I was feeling and I was like, just don't say anything. I know. Don't move, don't do anything dumb. It was amazing. 'cause he's so nice.


I know. And I was obsessed with The Godfather. One of the first movies I saw was The Godfather too. I begged my mom to watch it. And at a very young age, like three, I'm, it's one of my earliest memories of movies. Really? Yeah. And It's a three hour movie. I know. I can't believe that was like, you watched it early on. I I would never, I don't know. I I was watching like Goonies, What a treat to be in the room with that guy. I know. That was really cool. Sitting Across from Michael Corleone. Yeah. Amazing. I know. And then this next guy's no slouch either. Y Yes. Thanks for going along with it. You know what? Yeah. Tom Hanks is next. Yeah. And I was walking by and he was just standing in the hallway and somebody introduced me, I think it was Paula who introduced me to him.


And then he said, what's the first car you ever drove and what's the car you're driving now? And it was just such a, like I'm sure that's a question he asks a lot of people just to like, you Just had that ready to go. Yeah. Had that ready to go. And it was so, it was so cool. But also made me reflect that my first car was like a broken down Jetta. And now I drive a minivan. Oh. So it's like my, which is, that's a lateral move. You seem like a Jetta girl. Oh, I was a, I had three jettas Really? Before Yeah. I had, I was a Jetta girl for sure. Yeah. Is that a compliment? Yeah. Okay, Let's, let's take, Did You, did you just read the description Of, because I did too.


Yes. And I think I remember what I say in this. So let's, let's roll it. You scared the hell outta me. I was on a bike with a friend of mine. That's right. Won't get into the exact con, but on a, taking a bike ride with a good friend of mine, Brad. And we're going up it pissed. Yeah. Maybe. And Brad Paisley. And suddenly this, this car, like a kind of a Jeep SUV thing starts coming and all of a sudden the, the window comes down. Yeah. And you lean out the window and start yelling at Me. Me, I did it yelled at You and you start doing some bit. I was bit, which was really funny.


Doing a bit. And, and then my friend is like, that was Thomas. It happens all the time. But You know what it was like laughing. Like your head just came outta a Yeah. Knock, Knock. Yeah. Or it was like Batman when he was climbing up the side of a building and suddenly a window would open and it's, it's, You know, it's Jerry Lewis. It's Jerry Lewis, it's Tom Hanks. I thought I live the most amazing life where at a, a darkened window can come down and a goofy Tom Hanks can pop out and yell at me when I'm on a bike. But think about Everybody else. 'cause on that, there's a lot of people that come there to, to walk that, that, You know, it's a long line. And they're all kind of like bicycle weenie geeks. You know, guys with $6,000 mountain bikes and on your left, You know, as they're, as they're going up and coming down.


But they're gonna see you. I mean, you're as tall as big bird for crying out loud. I know. And they're gonna say, I believe I saw Conan O'Brien struggling up to Hitler. Have you heard that? Halfway up that ridge, there's this place that apparently in the late thirties, you probably know about this. Right? Absolutely true. In the late thirties, some people who were pro Hitler and pro what the Nazis were doing. So Nazis, yeah. Okay, go ahead. They, As a lay historian, I'll come in and get the record straight. When the time is they Were members of the party, they, whatever, what, there were people who were sym sympathetic to that cause in the late thirties before America was in the war and they purchased a piece of land.


Am I correct? You Are correct, Sir. That they, that they thought that they thought would be a place that the Fre would like to hang when and if he comes to America, maybe because he conquered it. I don't know the whole story. Do You know the story? It Was owned by the German bo and there was a period of time a German boon. The bo was essentially, Hey, we're all Germans. We all live America. Let's form a fraternal organizations like other nationalities do. Yeah. You know, and be, I'm gonna hope that before, before they found out just how bad Hitler was. Yeah. You know, but there, there, I swear I have seen photographs of like a 4th of July in the 1930s up there with a fireworks thing.


And they would have no lie a picture of the founding fathers and a picture of Adolf Hitler. Yeah. An American flag and a Nazi flag. The German Nazi flag. And they were saying, our country is coming back, et cetera, et cetera. Yeah. And I just hope that maybe you can get away with that in 1930, You know? But it continued along. And in fact, it is now a scout camp or it had been for a while. And I have, I have gone there to scout a location and there was like the main lodge, You know, there's tents and stuff like that, but there is a main lodge that honestly looks like, You know, a German alpine chalet. Yeah. That all you have to do is paint it red, put a couple of hawken cruisers on there, and you are right back in Nazi village USA.


So This is a place that in our neighborhood, you go up this, there's this big hill. And, and Did I say Jerry Lewis also lived in this neighborhood? And why did you choose to live here, sir? Listen, we have these meetings that are none of your business. Alright? No, but this is my story, which is that they, the, that was something I've always heard. And then occasionally you'll, you'll find that it, it mentioned that this piece of land lives and that maybe, and some people get the story, get they get it wrong. And they think that Hitler spent time there, like in his board shorts looking out at the Pacific. You Know, he did come out for pilot season one Minute. And You know, he needed a place to stay.


Six pilots. Didn't get one of 'em, Not a one Story. It was almost a seventh friend. But anyway, but I'm with, I'm with my friend once my, my same friend Brad that you saw, I'm riding, grinding up that hill on our bikes to just try and get to this very steep in parts. Yeah. We're grinding along. And then we're these two women like blonde, 22-year-old, I swear to God, wearing like bikini tops. Very. And they just looked like they were just come from a sorority party. They flag us down like they were in trouble. And I said, what is it? And they went, do You know where the Hitler camp is?


There you go. Where's The Hitler camp about that? And I went, oh ladies. Well, all right. Like God, he still pull in the Hitler. My god, Jesus. Still pull in the I know what Jesus. Jesus. Matt. Wow. Come on Mike. God. Now we're, we're making, we are making light of a very, very dark period without a doubt. Yes. So, yeah. I mean, you don't wanna say, yeah. Yeah. Come on up. How do you get to, how do you get to Conan's house? Oh, well If you, you've gone too far. If you hit the Hitler Ken. Right. Make a u-turn at the Hitler camp When you get to the Mussolini cul-de-sac. Yeah.


Yeah. Take a left. Yeah. To right. A tiny Triangle. But yeah, that's up there and Yeah. Yeah. The, I'm gonna switch gears here a little bit. Let's see how you do this. And I want to talk About The Japanese and Jerry Lewis and 1944. One other major thing that happened with Tom Hanks that we have to cover is that he was the second but no less significant a-list celebrity to look diagonally across this table from the chair I'm sitting in right now. And tell Aren Blair to shut the fuck up. That's right. Bla what did that feel like?


It's, Well, I always try to interject. You Don't have to shout, play And Shut the fuck up. Now there's three A list celebrities suggest It's, can I just say a thing very quickly? It's kind of tough for Eduardo and I, because we're back, we're out of the limelight. I've been there a couple times. I know. Except I am in direct eye contact with every celebrity here. Well, they're looking at me really? Pacino. Okay. This might think they're looking at you So well, You know what? And they do look at you. But then sometimes they look over at me. Oh, They're probably looking at me still. But that's okay. They look at you happily and they look at me like, what's happening over here? So when I whenever I say anything, it's always, they immediately want me to shut up.


'cause they wanna hear from you. No, I think there's something about you that makes people think that they could just immediately just be not shitty, but like, joke around with you. Like I and I, I'm, I'm saying this as A compliment. You're feeling now and I'll take it. I appreciate It. No, I'm saying it as a compliment. I don't think they feel comfortable saying shut the fuck up to just anybody. So there's something about, thank you. I gotta stop. Thank you. I don dunno, I'm trying to give them A compliment. But to, but to answer your question, it's incredible that we get to interact with these people at all. So the fact that both Harrison Ford and Tom Hanks told me to shut the fuck up. Amazing. It Truly, I mean life, life moment. But There has to be a third moments and I Just can't imagine who that's gonna be. I think there probably will be And who's it gonna be? We should all take place.


But will it happen organically or will it be someone that is aware of this? Well, I, that was what I was gonna say. Do we don't think that Tom Hanks was aware Right? It felt Harrison Ford telling Blake shut The fuck up. It was just, but it was such a, like, what are the odds that they would use the exact same words. Yes. And the best part about when Tom Hanks did it is we all collectively celebrate. Yes. That's why a third one is gonna blow the roof off this place. Yes. I know what you're saying though about being in the eye line. I am in Conan's direct eye line right. Throughout the whole entire interview. And I find the more steamed the guests. This is a look behind the curtain here. Oh, I agree. Whatever You're about to say, he'll look at the guest and the more he will talk to me, which makes me so, 'cause I have to do that fuel face where I'm fueling him with, with energy and admiration and, right.


Yes. And laughs and and it's not like, it's not legitimate. It is. But I'm very conscious of, I've, I've gotta keep this guy going here I go and just a hell of a thing. Now. See, I feel the same way about the celebrity. And I overdid it, I think with John Mayer because John Mayer at one point stops and he goes, man, you are really vibing with me right now. Oh, I remember that. And I was like, oh my God. Oh no. Like, am I screwed up? Like, You know, 'cause I'm trying exactly, exactly the same thing. It's, it's, it's like being under a microscope. And so I find myself after these podcasts sometimes drained, exhausted. Exhausted. You're kind of like an emotional cheerleader. Yes. And not that again, your cheeks hurt. I absolutely enjoy being here. But it, there is, it is kind of like a sending vibes or, or just like giving somebody back good energy and Yeah.


But yeah. Yeah. I, I totally agree. But li life moments, they were they life highlight moments. I'm anxious to see who's gonna be number three. We're gonna see I'm too, I'm too Sonic levers already know that sonic's drinks are truly next level. They are next level. Yeah, they are. They really are. Now they've raised the bar again. Introducing Sonic's new strawberry mango slush. Yeah. This thing's insane slush. It's a sweet strawberry and mango slush sprinkled with tahin for a tangy twist. Mm God Who thought of this, they should get a Nobel Prize. Think sweet, tangy and a little spicy with a kick of chili lime seasoning.


What could be better? Plus you can visit the flavor Isa favorites in the Sonic app for even more delicious beverage options. Don't drink water. Boo boo. Yeah. Water. Discover the strawberry mango on slush. And more flavors now in the Sonic app.


Hey guys, spring cleaning time. Let's start with your mop. 'cause that overgrown winter hair ain't doing you any favors. You look like Mo from the Three Stooges. It's sport. It's an old reference, but look it up. It's Sport clips, haircuts. They've got pro stylists who know men's hair TV's playing sports 24 7 And a place built for guys. That's right. Guys. To get a great cut without the hassle, no appointments, no stress. You just wander in fresh cut in a place that's made for you dudes. Yeah, bros. Yeah. High fives all around. So shake off that winter scruff and step into spring looking fresh. 'cause they got you covered bra sport clips. It's a game changer.


A lot of people when they think about winter snow, You know, snowman, not me. Football fights, snowball fights. That's not what I think about. Okay. I think it's a great excuse to gather with friends and crack open a cold one. Yeah. From basketball and hockey to game night. Winter means more moments with the coolest people in your life. And I've got some Pretty cool people in my life. Like me? No. Oh, not you. Okay. But like my really cool friends. Oh, okay. You know who I get together with, right? I Patch Jones. Oh yeah. All right. He's cool. Yeah. Saba Shrimp. I have a lot of very cool friends. RJ Johannes make these moments even better with Miller Light. That's my crew. The great tasting light beer for people who love beer. Miller Light is brewed for taste. Hello. It's different than other light beers. Other light beers are just like blah. If you like it Okay. But If you don't go to hell. Yeah. Well, guess what? Not Miller Light. It's made with simple ingredients like malted barley for rich balanced toffee note flavors and the iconic golden color. The original light beer since 1975. And still for my money. The best one. Yeah. I remember when I was out with my gang right. We were out, out on our bicycles. Oh yeah. And we were driving around and then we, we pulled over and got a Miller Light, You know, and it was really nice. 'cause it was a lot of people don't think, you don't ride a bicycle in the winter. No, but we put snow tires on our bicycles. Okay. Big chains. And it was just nice to sit with my friends next to our bicycles that were really heavy with chains and crack open a cold one. You know, Miller Light. Great. Taste 96 calories. Go to Miller lite.com/kona to find delivery options near you. Or you can pick up some Miller Lite. Pretty much anywhere they sell beer. Yeah. Taste like Miller Time to me. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories and 3.2 carbs per 12 ounces.


This next one was very special to us because Carol Burnett is an absolute legend. And we went to the Four Seasons Hotel. Yeah. And got to talk to her there. This is a very special story about another absolute legend Lucille Ball. Yeah. Both of these women were formative in my youth for television and everybody else, I'm sure. But this was an incredible day. I know this was one of the, those like special days where I was like, I'm gonna remember this just forever. Yeah. Just being here talking to her. It's amazing. I just, I I, Oh boy. We better roll it. Someone's gonna need to take a break.


I was wanted to ask you about Lucille Ball because Yeah. Obviously growing up, even though the show had long been gone, it was running constantly in reruns. I love Lucy. And that was the format for the modern sitcom Right. That has endured for, You know, 50, 60 years. And I know that she was very kind to you. She saw you as, Hey, this kid has something. I like her. How did she reach out to you? Well, she, or how'd you meet her? I was doing the Off Broadway show called Once Upon a Mattress and we had just opened the night before. And the second night there was a lot of buzz I could hear in the audience.


And Lucy was in the audience the second night. I remember I peeked through the curtain and I saw this big shock of red hair. And, and there she was. I was more nervous that night than I was opening night, the night before Of course, because she was in the ice. Of course, of course. Yeah. Anyway, it went okay. And I had this funky little dressing room off Broadway. She knocked on the door after the show and came in and I I this couch and it had a spring coming up, You Know, And she was gonna say, I said, look out. She said, I see it. Is that my first rodeo? Yeah. Anyway, we visited for about a half hour and she said she called me kid 'cause she was 22 years older.


Right. She, If you ever need me for anything, gimme a call. So about four or five years later I was doing, I was gonna did a few things and then ICBS was gonna give me a special, a one hour variety thing if I could get a major guest star. So the producer said, call Lucy. And I said, oh, I don't wanna bother her. My, he said, well, all she can do is say I'd love to, but I can't. I'm busy. Got her on the phone, called her office, she came up, Hey kids, you're doing great. What's happening? I was just, I said, oh, Lucy, I am doing, I, I, I went, oh no, I know you're busy.


And she said, when do you want me? Oh, oh. And she did, we did the show together. So then when I got my variety show, and then I did several guest appearances on her later Yes. Shows. Yes. The Lucille Ball Show. Yep. And when she played Lucy Carmichael and That's right. All Of that with Gale Gordon. Right. Yep. Right. And then when I got my show, she came on. So we kind of traded on and off. And so Oh wow. This one time she's on my show and we have a dinner break before the orchestra rehearsal. So she and I went over to the farmer's market to have little, so we, during the Chinese restaurant there, and she's knocking back a couple of whiskey sours, You know, please tell me it's the morning.


No, it Was, it was a nighttime show. Okay. Okay. And So at that time, of course, my husband, Joe Hamilton was executive was producing our show. And so she now was not with Desi. She said, You know, kid, it's great that you got Joe, You know, to handle a lot of stuff for you. Because when I was married to the Cuban, Like he's a cigar. She said, he said He did everything Dessy did everything. Yeah. He took care of the scripts. He took care of the lighting, the camera work. He's the one who invented the three cameras.


Yes. Yeah, yeah. Genius. Yeah. Yeah. And oh, so she said, when I came into the Monday morning, You know, the table read everything was perfect 'cause he had seen to it. And all I had to do is be crazy, Lucy, You know, fine. So then we got a divorce, now I'm gonna do the Lucy Karma, whatever it was. And I came in, no, Desi. And we read the script and she said, it was awful kid. It stank. And she said, and I thought, oh God, what am I gonna do? Desi's not here. He da da. She called me for lunch and she said, I, she went back to the her office.


She said, I've got to be strong. Yeah. I've gotta be, I gotta confront this the way Desi would've got. She says, so I knew what I had to do. Went back to the table read and I told them in no uncertain terms how I felt about the script, how we had to fix it. She said, kid. And she took an, and that's when they put the s on the end of my last name. Now she sent you, I think, flowers every day. On your birthday.


On my birthday. And this one birthday I got up in the morning and turned on the Today Show. And she had passed away on my birthday. And that afternoon I got flowers and said, happy birthday kid. Well, yeah. So we, we had a, a great bond Legend. That's amazing. Do you remember she came into that room and she, there was probably 15 people in that room. She shook everyone's hand, asked for their name, and then after the interview was over, said goodbye to everybody. Yes. Pretty much by name. Like a total pro. Yeah. And also there are moments when everybody's on their best behavior.


Yeah. You do. You, You know, like we're all like dressed a little nicer. Yeah. We're all not usually poofing off president Of some kind. Yes. Yeah. And yeah. Yeah. We had the same amount of gravitas towards her as we would as a Well, a president, a first lady should. Yes. Yeah. Alright, this next one is Niecy Nash with a very funny story. I've always heard it was your idea to put On the prosthetic Fake booty. Is that true? That's a fact. That's a fact. Because You know why? Because the women in my family, I did not see them on tv. You know what I mean? Now you could buy a butt on every corner, You know what I mean?


You know the Bible on every corner. But then it wasn't popular. Right. To have all of the, You know what I mean? And I went to so many booty fittings like, you don't even understand. And they couldn't get it right because they were building it straight back. So I went to my girlfriend and I brought her up there who had, You know, the natural slam, a jamma. And I'm like, you see, you gotta start from the hips and wrap it around. So I got the booty right. It was really, I love that you brought your friend in. What was your friend's name? I don't know if I should say it. Okay, well you just, I mean, it's a compliment what I saying to your friend, Hey, come on over here.


I need Your ass. I need your ass. Get your ass over here. Literally get your ass over here. Literally. And You know, lemme tell you something. That friend of mine, true story, her butt and my, and my up top was how we got to look Prince right in the face. We didn't have tickets to this Grammy party he was at. And I, so we went around the side and there was a, a, a security guard. I said, girl, You know what to do. She started walking backwards. I started walking forwards. I was like, come on. And we walked over there. So he let us in the back door. So we get in the party and then we lied and said that I'm always lying to get a job.


Right. We lied and said she was Prince's cousin. And so we go, Oh my God. The purple one was behind this door. So we knocked, we walked up to security like, yo, we need to get in there. She's like, I'm his cousin. I'm like, yep, she's his cousin. Yep. And he, he looked at us up and down. He said, one minute he closes the door and goes, and we like, We, The door opens. It is Prince. He looked at us and before we could take a breath, he said, nice, try and close the door in our face. I said, but we gotta see him. He said, nice try to us.


Yeah. That is so Cool. And I don't even know what that had to do with the booty, but the point is, it was that same girl, but She walked backwards to Get, she walked backwards to get it. But, but her, but That's how she got everything in life. But, And She walked backwards. We denied this card. Oh yeah. Check this out. Their card works. God so jealous right now. Well, okay, let's talk about this. I have famously, I have no ass, there's just nothing back there. It's a straight drop. And I'm thinking I should get a prosthetic. Is there, is there something they make for men? Yeah. Make sure It's done right. You should bring a friend in who has the right butt and then have them do it. Ding me. I don't know. I don't know what the right butt, Like you want me to call my friend?


Yeah, exactly. You should come And I should say I want this. Yeah. But I, I, the point I was making is that that butt wasn't popular back then. Right. That body type. Not even the butt, just the body type, You know? And I wanted to be somebody that my aunties could look at and see themselves. Right. And so I was like, I wanna look like the women in my family. And I, I, I have to tell you, so many men met me in life after and were so disappointed that I didn't have the thing on. They were like, you lost weight. I'm like, no, I can go get it.


It's in the back of the car. Yeah. Basically just keep it with me At all times. Yeah. You could borrow hers. Well, I don't, don't they make something from men? No, I'm just saying you could borrow the one she uses for Reno 9 1 1. All right. Maybe I can Is that you? Do you have a name for it? You Nicknamed it. I did not. But You know, my prosthetic one, like I have one that I would wear under the uniform, but the prosthetic one that I wore with the thong bathing suit, that one, somebody stole it. You bet they did. It was In a temperature control locker somewhere. I died. If I knew where that was, I'd grab it and somebody, I'd take it on vacation. Whatcha gonna? Yeah. Whatcha gonna do with it? I don't wanna talk about what I'm gonna do with, that's my business.


See, you're evading my privacy right now. I buy two airline tickets and the prosthetic ass is in the other one. And we both have a glass of champagne. Oh my God. Can I tell you I love Niecy Nash and I love Reno 9 1 1 And I had no idea that was a fake butt. Oh my God. Until that conversation. And Between that and Conan's story about Prince, which he's told a few times on the show right before he went on stage. Yeah. The more I hear about that little guy. Oh, that Little guy. Well, he's very little. He's I know, but He's just a mischief maker. That's true. Someone told me a story that he was at a huge Gallup party just as a guest stood up on a table and hopped from table to table to table to the exit, as if it was just all happening spontaneously.


But then If you did any further looking down, you saw all of his people were prepared with their hands clasped together to be his little bridge from table to table to table. So He talk, he like talked about it before With them. This the plan. But it was all made to seem spontaneous. That's insane. This is also coming like third, fourth degree. Who knows if it's true, but true. You print the legend. It's Amazing. Oh man, that's awesome. I, I loved when Niecy Nash was here. 'cause I've always loved, loved Reno 9 1 1. Me too. And just, she was just like, she had that energy the whole time. You really missed out. It was so much fun. You really, really missed out. Do you ever Yes. Like I hate missing recordings. I do too.


I missed Billy Crystal, John Stewart. 'cause I had to go back and see my family and you just, You know, you, you curse your family. Do you? I really don't have much going on besides this. So I just, I I really don't miss very many, but I have missed a couple and I always have bigs your time. Fol, what's your regret? There was one I remember. I was just like, I wish I was here For that. Yeah, you're almost always here. I don't have a ton of FOMO in my life. If anything, I have a fear of not missing out of, not in a way of being, a fear of being included. Oh, Of fob. Yes. That's the one. But Fbe, where did the J come from? It's a soft G Oh.


So, well, I did not miss this next one, which I am very glad for because this was a really funny guest and a really funny story. I have to say. When we find out who gets booked on this show, it's, there's an email sent to all of us just being like, this person got booked on this day. And it's very rare for me to respond and just be like, I'm really excited even though I am. But this one, I replied to everybody on the email, including I think probably SiriusXM employees probably. And like a lot of other executives who don't care about my opinion, the guest himself. And I was just like, I cannot wait for this episode. I think you said something like, little Baby Billy.


No, that wasn't me. No. I forgot what I said. I, I, I can't remember, but I feel like we can find it. You said little baby Billy, we can find I don know. Yeah. But then everybody else started responding. It's like it, every single person was excited about this. Yes. You responded. When I saw this booking, I gasped. That's right. That's right. That's what I said. So this is Walton Goggins. That's Anticlimactic. Yeah. Yeah. You've played so many great characters, but in the righteous gemstones, I feel like the minute I started watching that show and then you showed up and I remember not knowing you were gonna be in the show. Right. For some reason. And the minute you show up, I thought you can't do the righteous gemstones without Walton Goggins.


You have to have him. Did I tell you this story about the, about the David Gordon Green was directing that episode. And the very first time you meet Baby Billy, he's in a, he's in a bathtub. Oh, I know this. He's in a, he's in a hot tub kind Of. He's a Yeah. Yeah. Hot tub. Bathtub outside. Looking out over his land. Looking out over his empire. Yeah. And, and at some point in the scene he stands up and You know, he's his or he's fully naked and there It's the viewer sees Yeah. Viewer sees everything. And, and then he turns around and gets, puts on his bathrobe and then steps outta the bathtub. Well they called in a, a body double to do that. Yeah. Who was 76, 78 years old, something like that to be in the, in the tub.


Right. And they flew him in from Chicago. And I'm like, how did you, what's the audition pro? You couldn't find him in South Carolina. Really? You had to go to Chicago. So he comes in and I meet him. You Had to go to Chicago to find a dick. Yeah. This Guy's top of his game though. You have to understand Top of his game tossed Guy. And, and I, and I met him on that day and he was dressed like me, kinda looked like me. And, and I'm thinking like, who who are you? He said, I'm you, You know, I'm your, your body dub. I'm standing in for you. And it's like, oh, okay. Cut to the show comes out. There it is. And I get a phone call from this friend of mine who says, oh my God, baby Billy Freeman. I just, I, I, I can't stand it.


I love it so much. And can I just say how good your body looks? And I said, what the Fuck are you talking about? He's 76. 76. You think that's my fucking body. True story. I did wonder Because The penis is right there. Penis is right there in High definition. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Beautifully lit. I mean It's Not, it's not. It's a, it's a nice, I mean it's a nice penis. I don definitely a Chicago penis. It's a Chicago penis. You can tell. And You know what, south side deep dish, that's a south side penis. Deep dish, deep dish South side. That's a White Sox penis. That's not a C'S penis Does not have a Southern accent.


Yeah. Oh. Very, very Yankee. What's going, what's going on here? What are we doing here? Down south? He just shut up. You're ruining. I just got outta a hot tub. Yeah. Gotta get a sausage. Oh, I love him. Do you, did you watch Vice Principals? Yes. Definitely. Can I just say a thing where I, I like you Sono. I love Walton Goggins. He's one of my favorite people. And sometimes when celebrities get here, I get to just say a few words to them as they come up the stairs. And I had to tell Walton Goggins this, he comes up, he's very nice. I shake his hand and we're talking for a second and I go, You know, I have to say you have a gin, right?


He goes, well yes I do. And I was like, my old boss And I, Dan, Dan Ferguson got very drunk one night on your gin. And it was delicious. And he put his hand on my chest and goes, well then may I just say, you are welcome for your inebriation God. Oh God. And I was like, oh my God. A good blessing. You've been baptized in the Spirit support. Oh my work. And Goggins the most charming man ever. It just serious dripping the charm. Just Dripping. I love him. Yeah. I think I love every single role he's in. And if I hear he's in something, I will watch it. He's one of those actors. Yeah, it's true. Yeah. That's why I watched Fallout, even though I never knew anything about the video game I watched.


And he's very serious in that. Right. He has like barely a face. Yeah, I know, Right? He what's From me, he's not, he's not totally serious, but he's he's the villain. Yeah. He's Dan Touch. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But If you haven't watched it, you should Is really good. Okay. Yeah.


Oh man. I do a lot of traveling. Yeah, I do. You know that I do the travel shows. Nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well is it T-Mobile customer? You can take the perks with you. That's good. Isn't that nice? It starts the moments you take off with free in-flight wifi. So you can stream your favorite show on the go. Obviously that would be this show I would think. Yeah. You, you go in a plane and then you stream your podcast. If I'm anxious about a flight, the thing that calms me is seeing myself. And then when you land T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands. Did You know that? No. Yep. Plus you're covered with five gigabytes, count 'em five of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with go 5G plus or next plans. And I have to tell you, it's a nice feeling when I travel the globe for my travel work, I like to know that when I land in that other country, I'm covered. I'm there. Yeah. I can text you and say, Hey, I got here safely. Yeah. I forgot to feed my cat. Could you feed my cat? Oh yeah. You could remind me. I don't have a cat. Right. It's all good stuff. Yeah. You FaceTimed me before from another country and it was crisp. She was clear. Yep. You could see every mark on my face. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel qualifying plan required wifi where available on select US Airlines terms and conditions apply.


One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. I know. Like I'm trying to sell my coal miners hat and it goes to a dance troupe. Ugh. That's no good. It's just stupid. That's where LinkedIn ads come in fortunately, LinkedIn is a network of over 1,000,000,001. You can't even count that high. I can't, I can't either. As a network of over 1 billion businessy people who might actually be interested in your business. You can even target your buyers by job title, industry, company roles, seniority skills, company revenues. Didn't I say job title? I think I did. Mm, just stop wasting budget on the wrong audience. That's just stupid. Start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will give you a $100 credit on the next campaign. So you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco, that's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco trips and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.


Well next up are two of the most lovable people that you'll have on this show. I think Ted Danson and Woody Harrelson. Yeah. In a very special circumstance. I think it gets explained in the clip probably. But what a, what a way to kick off this episode. I know We were all waiting for Woody to get here and he explains it. And this clip, right? I mean that's what the clip is. Yeah. But I think anybody, even Woody probably would say it's probably not uncommon to sit and wait around for Woody Harrelson 'cause he lives on a different clock, time zone, planet or whatever. Yeah. But this was a very special reason. Yeah. Let's, let's watch.


I think we should address the elephant in the room. Woody, we started a little bit later than we thought because you had a bit of a tumble. Is it fair to call it a tumble? I think a tumble iss a fair term. Yeah. Did go over my handlebars. You went over the handlebars. Yeah. I was, I was honestly and embarrassingly, I was passing this Tesla on the left that I felt was moving a little slow. But I didn't realize he Was Moving slow because he's taking a left. Yes. And you were on a motorcycle. On a motorcycle. Yes. And is that your primary way of getting around a motorcycle? Well, I always feel like the shortest distance between two lines, between two points in LA is a motorcycle.


Yeah. So I do tend to take it, but today it proved not to be so very fast in terms of Right. Because we Transporting, We lost some time while people were figuring out, are you alive? Your soul had to reenter your body. Yeah. Did you think for a second when you were going over the hood of the Tesla, this is gonna be a huge problem? Or did you the whole time Were you thinking I'm all right? No, I always thought I'd be okay. I just felt like there was some pain involved. I felt the pain, but I never thought I'd be, You know, killed or anything. Okay. Or, or Named Your hand is wrapped up like someone in a cartoon. That's 'cause I wrapped it. You did, Did you? And you, is this true?


You ramp up. I wrapped it in. I thought it looked funnier that way. So, so so lemme get this straight. All of your first aid training is helping people in a way that will look funny. Yeah. Yeah. Not, not, it's not gonna help him not get infected or anything like that. Yeah. You didn't set the bones in the proper way. You set them in the funny way. Funny Way. Okay. And we're in the, the bathroom and I'm like, didn't you, you played a doctor. Right? And he says, yeah, I also played a lawyer so we can sue the guy. Well, I think it's gonna have to be a, a, a lawyer for the defense Because it, I'm not as good with that. Sorry. So this is fascinating just to be behind the scenes and know that you guys are both icons.


You're on the way to do the podcast with your friend and Ted Danson. You wipe out on the motorcycle, you hit a Tesla, you get it together, you come here. You need medical attention. So Ted Danson is the one that helps clean the wound and wrap you. Yes. Why? Why don't we called a real doctor at any point? I take Ted Danson over A real doctor. Thank you. Yeah, thank you very much. By the way. His confidence, his demeanor, everything about the way he does it is you feel like Yes, I'm in the best hand. So never doubted that I did kind of have that. I was choking back tears. But I was efficient. First of all. I'm very happy that you're okay.


Me too too. What kind of, It was weird when he asked me to disrobe, but I'm Gonnas Purposes. It's For hygienic and also tax purposes. Thank you. So do you wear, what kind of protection do you wear when you ride? Whoa, whoa, whoa. No. No. I We're not doing that. Protection. The other protection. Are you armored in any way? Are you wearing a helmet? I Did. I was wearing a helmet. Okay. Yes. And so I actually, it did help me 'cause I did hit my head, but okay. The helmet. So no problem. Okay, good. What Are you This makes me sad buddy. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Don't be sad. It's damn. I'm sad. Oh, Thank you. Sad. And, and why, why?


Sad. Sad. It couldn't have been hurt. Badly. Yeah. Badly. It makes me Sad. Does it, does it inform what you might do in the future? Might you, No, that's out of the question. I'm sure It probably it should. It certainly should. Yeah. But this is how you are, right? You living life on the edge. Yeah. Maybe. Maybe. Yeah. Right. In other words, maybe I should just slow down in life and Yeah, just take you to live. Hey, you're doing great. You skinned your ham man up. Sorry. I switched. I Switched. You just switched. I, I had my cherry moment. Sorry. Literally 15 seconds ago. You said, I'm so sad. I'm so sad. I over you're my friend and I'm so sad.


And then you're telling him to shut the fuck up. Right? My sadness didn't play in the room. You thought about me going slower. My sadness. My sadness didn't play in the room. That is such a sick thing to say. Such a sick thing to say. Oh wow. We're here in the ward with the terminal. I children hope you guys feel better soon. Tough break. Hey, that didn't play so well. Let me try something else. Hey Timmy. How long you got Jesus Christ, Ted. I know what you mean though. What? There's something about Ted. Every time I've talked to him, see him out in the world, I'm immediately, I just get this calm, you have a very calming presence.


And I don't, yes. Is some of it may be related to the fact that you are so ubiquitous and no well, well known. Yes. Correct. But do other people say that you just, you'd be like an amazing therapist. You know, I'm doing these moderate to severe plaque psoriasis commercials, which I think tells you all you need to know that under this, under I am put away. Yeah. You can calm other people, but there's no Calmness in the interior. Yeah. Yeah. Now do you suffer from this malady? Or is they just, the money is too much to Turn down? I I, I live on the edge of fear, basically. Yes. I remember you sitting me down once on during cheers and I think I was about to get divorced or something.


And he said, Teddy, why are you so fearful? Stuck in my head all the time. And that's what I find amazing. You may have fear and all of that, but you take such big chunks out of life. And I love that. And yourself. Apparently I lost a chunk. I largemont. Is this on camera by the way? You, we, I think we're gonna see this. It's comical. That's the thing. One of the three stooges would put on their head. They had a headache. Does anyone have an ice pack? You know, I haven't seen an ice pack like that in 50 years. Not a bad idea though. Does it look cool? Oh yeah, it looks really cool.


What You can't see is, didn't he also have his leg propped up? And listeners can go to the Team Coco YouTube channel and see these clips. 'cause often the clips themselves are longer as well than what you're hearing today. But this one, because also they're drinking large glasses of watermelon juice. Yes. Or like strawberry agua fresca or something. Yeah, it's just, it's Watermelon juice. They get it for every recording they do of their podcast. So that, You know, they do a podcast here where everybody knows your name with Ted Danson. Yeah. And Woody Harrelson sometimes is the title. And yeah, they get these watermelon juices, but they Both like watermelon juice. I think that's adorable. One of them. Turn the other one onto it. And then they t I bet. And it's A must every time Woody turned Ted on. Yes. I Think that's right. Yes. But I will say that they have this like odd couple dynamic that is really special and there's just like, they just love each other, like brothers.


Yeah. And it's a good plug for the other podcast because the other, If you like them together, and I can't imagine anyone doesn't, the other podcast is really, really great. Ugh. Do you ever, after we leave, are you like, I wanna be friends with you so bad? Oh yeah. I feel every once in a while someone will come in and they'll leave and I'll be like, we could be, we could have such a good friendship together. I thought about that with Mila Kuni. I've thought about that with a few other people spec. But Mila Kuni jumps out 'cause we, I feel like we really bonded when she came on here. But with them, I really just like, would love to just go to dinner parties with them. Yeah. And just be friends. You know, Woody invited our team. A handful of us went to his, to his dispensary when the show launched.


Oh, Really? There. Oh my God. Was, God, I gotta Go. One of my favorite memories of that night was apparently Woody really loves magic. And so he had magician bartenders. Mm. So you'd order a drink and they'd be like, and then it would like appear or whatever. And it was really cool. Except as the night goes on and an open bar, you kind of just want your drink. And so you're like, cool. That's great. And you'd be like flipping the bottle around like, whew. And then fire and, oh my God. And you're like, cool. That's, oh man. Okay. Oh great. Oh, that's so cool. Oh man. Okay, cool. Thank you for the drink. You know? Yeah. So we ended up ordering like several at once just so you could kind of, so He's not doing those now. You see me movies for a paycheck. It's outta Love of the Garden. I Honestly, I feel like it's a passion.


It was, it was one of the coolest nights. And that dispensary is, it's got a whole big garden in the back. It's beautiful. It was so fun. We should do, we should do a field trip there really con We should, we should, We should move our studio to that dispensary and just start Recording there. It was. Love to. Alright, Well we're gonna close this out with the Larry David clip. That, man, this whole interview is one of the funniest we've had. Yeah. And this moment is a very curb your enthusiasm, Larry David moment. Like very much because you're, you're just like, this would be a plot point in curb. You know, people ask me all the time, they say to me, Conan, You know everyone in the business.


And I say, thank you. And then they say, Larry David, is he exactly like he is on Curb Your Enthusiasm? And I say, yes, he is. You are exactly like that guy. You would claim that you're not quite that guy. But the times I've hung out with you at parties, I feel there might as well be a camera recording this for HBO. Oh, you are the same guy. You know, I take that as a tremendous compliment. Yes, you should. 'cause I gotta tell you something. I love that guy. That guy. Oh my God. I am so in love with that guy. Yeah. Really.


He's, he's, he's my hero. Yeah. He should be. Yeah. He must be nice though, because you've carved that out for yourself. And then if people encounter you in real life, you don't have to in any way contort yourself to please them. Yes. You can tell them, eh, I don't feel like taking a selfie. It's not really what I wanna do right now. And they, they're, they love, they must love it. And They laugh and they laugh. Except a couple of weeks ago I got invited to a, a dinner party and, You know, 10, 5, 10 years ago I would've gone. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay, that sounds good. What's the address?


And now this time I said, who's coming? Oh yeah. It did not go over well. The, the, the person was offended. The person seemed to have been a little offended. And I, I wound up not going. Yeah. Wow. So there you go. So there you go. So I, I did, I tried to be Larry and it didn't work. But, but by the way, as long as we're on the subject, is it such a terrible question to ask who's going to, why, why is it such a secret? Why is that a secret? I don I don't understand. I don't understand the big secret.


You can't say who's, who's going, why I don't get it. Yes. I think that's, I think you're within right. I think you are within your rights to ask who's coming. Thank You. Thank you. Because You wanna find out also, I'm, I'm imagining you have enemies and You know, you wanna make sure you're not walking into a party. I've Just made four more as I walk into the building. But, You know, you wanna make sure you wanna know. Yeah, Yeah. I wanna know. It's like a mobster who's going to a restaurant wants to know how many ways are there in, You know, if there's, if I'm attacked, is there a way out? You gotta know. Yeah, exactly. 'cause a lot of times, honestly, you'll be invited to these dinner parties and you find yourself sit sitting next to some insurance salesman and You know, you're there the whole two and a half hours sitting next to him or her, whatever.


Yeah. It's not comfortable. Lemme ask you a question and you, I want you to be honest. Yeah. You came to my house not long ago, you didn't know who was gonna be there. Were you pleased? Were you not pleased? And you can tell me, Well, Were there enough celebrities to make you comfortable? Were there two, were there, You know, did you feel that it was a good environment, a good ecosystem for you? I need like three comedians and I'm, I'm fine. Right? Right. Yeah. Do I count as a comedian? No. Oh, Conan. Conan. Conan. Poor Conan. Conan poor. It's just sad. You just sad. Don't do this to him. Come on.


Yes, Conan, Thank you. Well, I wasn't sure, You know, you seemed happy. You seemed to, you seemed pleased, You know, but then at one point, comedians, Comedians, comedy writers, You know, e either one, whatever. Yes. But at one point I noticed that you had retreated to a separate area and you were just observing. You were eating your food and you were just observing other people. Well, as If you were, You know, looking at birds, You know, And you were doing little sketches. And I wondered if that's normal behavior for You. Well, I'll tell you what, I don't like sitting with a plate on my lap. Right. Okay. Right. And I saw there was a counter, there were stools in front of the counter. And I thought this, this would be a good spot to plant myself.


Yeah. And so I planted, and it turned out to be a, a, a great spot because when people come over, this is what I do at parties, by the way. I always sit, you can't be in the middle of a room making small talk. And then, then you're going, your brain is racing, You know? Oh my God. Oh my God. I'm out. I can't, You got nothing. I got nothing. I got nothing. How, what, what the bathroom? Do I have to go to the bathroom? Do I have to get a drink? Or, or I know. I'll do tv Larry, I'll do tv.


Larry. All right. Well, it's been nice talking to you. Yeah. And Then, and then you move on. Right. I think people know now that you can't have been interminable conversations. They can't go on Forever. There's gotta be An out, There's gotta be an out. You, You know what, You know, you're On a podcast right now. I know. How long is this gonna go? We may be done, and this is our special five hour salute. No, but it's not, it's a Special five hour salute to Larry Davis. But I think, I think I have an idea for parties. I have an idea for parties. You have a party sheriff. Okay. Yep. And he, he sits, He's in a chair above the party.


He's overseeing the party. Yep. Like a lifeguard. Like a lifeguard or, Or he is in another Room on video. Yeah. And he is got cameras on everybody. Like a pit boss. Yeah. Like a pit boss. And he's, he's seeing the conversations. He's looking at him, he's seeing how it's going. He's looking at the body language, he's timing conversations. And then, And then he sees that somebody's in trouble and he goes, okay, all right. I gotta go. He goes down, He takes the person By the army goes, excuse me, this, this is over. This is brilliant. This is brilliant. I, I have to have this, I have to have this. I mean, this is a great idea. It's brilliant.


It's fantastic. Thank you. Thank you. I love that idea. I think we've all been there. He doesn't even pretend to take, Hey, I need to talk to you about, so, You know. No, no, no. Everybody's everybody's aware. Also, does he flash a badge? Yeah. Does he put up a badge and say, this is over? This is over. Everybody's aware. There's a sheriff, there's a, You know, there's somebody overseeing, overseeing the party, by the way, I think I'd be a good one. You'd be great. I'd like to volunteer. Oh, I could do that job. We need a podcast sheriff. Yeah, you could do that. I, I definitely could do that job. A party sheriff for sure. Oh God. I have to say, I happened to be at a party with Larry David last week.


Doesn't happen often at all. Maybe never. Has never happened. Really. And I did talk to him and I, and I basically just went up to him and said, You know, how much fun we all had when he was here? And he was very, very kind and said that like, this was his favorite. I don't know if he should said favorite podcast or favorite talk show he is ever done. Which I believe when he says, because I don't think he would, You know, just say that to be there was, I wasn't gonna mince words. But the whole time in the back of my mind, I was conscious of making sure I didn't talk too long. Right. And just being like, I'm just gonna say hi and then be done, because I don't want the party sheriff to get me. Yeah. I mean, what happens when you go too long with the actual party? Who's sheriffs the party sheriff?


That's a great question. Yeah. I think he would've just said like, great talking to you. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. And then like, time to go. Well, The podcast sheriff has said it's time for us to wrap this up. Yep. Yeah. Yep. And we're, we'll be back next time with Conan. Right? That's Right. We'll be back with a regular episode. Yeah. Next week. And like I said, you can go to the Team Coco YouTube channel to see all these clips in their full lengths. And this has been a fun diversion. We're sorry for the circumstances and sending love to our boss. Yes. We are sending a lot of love to all the O'Brien's. Yeah. And the rear ends in, on the east coast. It's all Conan's. Whole family is out there and yeah, it's, it's a really hard time.


But also they lived very long, very beautiful lives. Made a huge impact on everybody and made a huge impact in their fields. And they're gonna be missed. And I mean, this is the end of the year too. Really isn't, It's right. I know. It's the holidays and everybody take it easy out there. Yeah. And enjoy yourselves and we'll start fresh next year with good attitudes. Okay. Good attitude. Because we usually have bad attitudes or I don't know, why are you questioning? I'm sorry. I was just, it was an odd thing to say, but Yeah. 20, 20, 25. Here we come. Happy holidays, Matt. Happy holidays, Sona. You know, you're like my sister.


You know what? I, you feel, I feel like we have a brother sister relationship now. I think we do. Yeah. We've been doing this for a while and you're, you're my favorite part of this podcast. Oh, same here. You know what, just like sitting across and looking at you whenever Conan says something silly, which is Every three seconds, Which is all the time. Yeah. We're just like two kids in church, just like making each other giggle. I don't know what I would do without you, I wouldn't have made it this far without you. You would've been fine. No way. No way. No, you would've been Okay. You're my rock. Oh, Well that's nice. I'm quitting next week. Okay. That's so am I then. Alright. And thank you to Adam, Eduardo and bla I Know we have A, you guys make this happen. Literally, Adam, you make this happen. Yeah. We have a good team.


Yeah, we Do. Right. Why do we need that other guy? I don't. Well he, we do. I don't wanna I don't wanna sit in this chair again. No, It's weird. Yeah. There's something about this chair that makes me uneasy. Like being over in the corner. Yeah. Just like not saying anything. That's Right. Okay. Happy New Year everybody. New Year. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sonu of Cession and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away, Jimmy.


Our supervising producer is Aren Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Con. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan. And If you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever find podcasts are downloaded.


I'm so good at board games. You ever played a board game with me? I haven't, but I feel like, Oh, I just destroy. You probably get really competitive. I do. And if I start to lose, I flip the board over. That's why I have an unbreak broken streak. I just always win because I just throw the board over, flip it over and say, get outta my house. Okay. That's mature. Well, Yeah. It's a way to always win or never lose. Hmm. Well


If you wanna save time and win faster, you should do it with monopoly expansions. There are three new ways to shorten classic monopoly. Attach to any classic monopoly board. Older, new to add a twist and win fast. This is it. Everything's happening faster now. They've sped up Monopoly. Hey, Monopoly does take some time. Yeah, I know. If you don't have time. Did not anymore. Yeah. Baskin piles of money and free parking be granted permission to cheat and steal and go to jail. Good Lord. Societal structures are collapsing. You can even experience the thrill of owning it all, including the bank in Buy Everything. What? Yep. We're teaching people good values. Shorten the game with monopoly expansions. All three packs are available to purchase now@amazon.com. Monopoly is a trademark of Hasbro.