
How hot do you like it? Firehouse Subs is churning up the heat. They've teamed up with hot ones to create two new sandwiches. The zesty garlic hook and ladder is the milder option. Can you believe that? Those still packed with flavor. And for the bravest spice chasers, the spicy dill hook and ladder sandwich is sure to be a three alarm ion. Well, Sona bla, you guys sampled the wares today? We did, yes. You had yourself those hook and ladder sandwiches. How were they? They were great. And they had a kick. Yeah, They did. I, I did the zesty garlic hook and ladder. Oh. And, and I loved it. I took a walk in the wild side with the spicy dill hook and ladder and it was great. I loved it. Well, I'm glad you guys enjoyed yourselves. Find out how hot you like it. Try the zesty garlic and spicy deal. Hook and ladder at Firehouse Subs for a limited time, life doesn't go on forever. You gotta grab the moment, dude. Visit Firehouse subs.com to find a restaurant near you. Individuals sensitive to spice or the Carolina Reaper Pepper should not consume this spicy dill hook and ladder. Limited time at participating Firehouse Subs Restaurants.


Hey guys, spring cleaning time. Let's start with your mop, because that overgrown winter hair ain't doing you any favors. You look like Mo from the Three Stooges. It's sport. It's an old reference, but look it up. It's Sport Clips, haircuts. They've got pro stylists who know men's hair TV's playing sports 24 7 in a place boat for guys. That's right guys. To get a great cut without the hassle. No appointments, no stress. You just wander in fresh cut in a place that's made for you dudes. Yeah, bros. Yeah. High fives all around. So shake off that winter scruff and step into spring looking fresh 'cause they got you covered bra sport clips. It's a game changer.


Hi, my name is Adam Scott and I feel pure joy about being Conan O'Brien's fucking friend. Wait, what is this? What is this? Yeah, That's right. But I love that he had to think about it. You hit pure joy and then you clearly couldn't do it like you had eaten something rotten and you couldn't keep it down. I think Petrified is the exact word. The exact feeling. Back to school ring.


Hey there, Colonel O'Brien here. Welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. And I do need a friend. Fortunately I have 1.5 in Son of Sesion. Wait a minute. And Gorley Matt Gorley. Yeah. Am I 0.5 or are we both 0.75 or is it something Else? Yeah. You know what? It's something you'll have to figure out on your own. That's the beauty of my mystical little quips. Okay. You never know what I really mean. Yeah. This is an exciting day. Mystical 'cause Sona iss wearing a jacket I haven't seen before. Oh. And this is a woman who will wear the same jacket day in and day out. And I don't believe someone should be a clothes horse. I don't think someone should be, You know, styling it every day. You know, that's not my way.


Yeah. But I am not a material man. But, But you talk about my clothes. Yeah. All the time. Because for most of the, many, many, many years I employed you, you wore the same jacket every day. Yes. And with All due respect, does that jacket exist anymore? Jesus, Matt. Sorry. It does not. No, no. Did that jacket go up in the fire? Yes, it did. This is what I, oh my man. Like I brought it up like something You should apologize. Why is he saying that I meant to defend you is what I Do. I just assumed it would be okay. 'cause you wear it all the time. So the one time you took it off, you left it in your house. Yes. And that's when your house caught fire. Yes. So you should buy me a new one. Yeah.


Well I could buy you 30. They don't, they don't look that expensive. Oh my God. I'm sorry. My God. Oh my God. We Just also noticed that this is the first recording we've done since the one recording we've done after the fires. And already you're back on our Well, All I'm Saying is Got it. You got It. I used to give you a hard time about that jacket, and I'm sure we've discussed it in different episodes. I called it the old Dr. Zaas. It was, it's a dark jacket. Dr. Zaas was kind of an orange, but mine Is It was black. Yes. It was a black leather jacket. Yeah, it was black. But had some crenelations and folds. Had a little bit of an eighties vibe to it. Unbelievable. Oh my God.


But anyway, you just wore the same thing every single day. And I used to say, did I not? I'll get you a jacket. I Looked so cool in that jacket I did. Nothing is cooler than a worn in jacket. Oh, it was worn in all right. Yes. Okay. No, no, no. It was, it was. Wow. I am shocked that jacket's gone because that is such a part of, It's okay. She lived a good life. She saw some Shit's. A she. It's a she. Yeah. I don't know. I mean, Your Current jacket is definitely a she. No, that's My jacket. My current jacket. My, my best friend Veronica got me this one. Oh, look at this. What is that? And she gave me, 'cause I had pins all over my other denim jacket. So she got me a happy face, a popcorn, a Freddie mercury and a vagina pin.


I love that. I just pointed to a vagina and said, what is that? What Is that? Oh, I've heard tell a new discovery. Oh yeah. Wait, what? I know you wanna, you should probably see it. It's not Just a vagina. It's got like the fallopian tube. Yeah, It has fall fallopian, the whole thing. Fallopian tubes that are flowers. It's not really, it's that, I mean, it's not a vagina. I'm sorry. No, it's more like a cattle head with roses for horns. Yes. It's, I'm sorry, what do You guys got going on in there? Yeah. Why are we doing it? I don't, don't make me do an anatomy lesson.


'cause to be honest, I don't even know how it works. I don't even know what's going on down there. Do you guys Know, oh, you've never done that's going on. Thing that women are supposed to do to empower themselves where they get a mirror and they look there and they love themselves and all that. Why? Why are you saying it with disdain? Why Is it that wasn't disdained. That was, he's saying it With utter horror. Horror. Have you ever closely examined yourself? Your, your, Well, ours, penis wells, ours. You could see it all the time. That's true. And sometimes it looks right at You're, they're on the, they're on the outside. No, there are, there's a lot of things going on with this. And it's, You know, I don't, I never, I never really examined it, but maybe I should and I'll learn some Stuff.


Wait, the pin or your actual undercarriage. Don't say undercarriage. Don't say undercarriage my vagina. You can say vagina. It's okay to say it. Well, I don think it's, it. It's, I don't know. I'm not sure. Say it. It's vagina. That's what it's Why do you shrug your shoulders when You do that? It's so uncomfortable. Oh my God. Oh my God. Now I'm doing it. Like Jeff Ross would do vagina. Do you, Do you wanna wear the vagina pin? I'm good. Okay. I'm good. People will think I just spilled some tomatillo sauce on me. I, I don't think I'll wear the pin. I'm good. All right. Let's see. But I think I want women to know I'm in their corner. Hmm. Okay. Just, just keep that thing away from me.


Now, would your mom be okay with you wearing that pin? I think at this point they just like don't know what to, would she, they can't tell me not to do something. Would she just looking at that, would she know it's a vagina? Because it's not. It's not. It's weird. It's pretty Gy. You have to, you have to. Yeah. I think your first instinct is gy, but you have to like, give it a double look. What else could it Be? It's got roses on it. Yeah. It's a, this is a vagina. This is how a vagina looks. Is it? Yeah. It's a vagina. I think bla weigh in. Well have a bunch of, let's no way in. Blair seen two in his lifetime. Bla was The one I came out of.


I, i passing through. It's like when you go, when you're in a train and it's not your station. These are, there goes New Haven, I think. Well, Are, aren't these supposed to be the fallopian tubes of ovaries? Yeah. So it's just the vagina, it's the women's reproductive Setting. That's what I'm, yes. Oh, oh. You were being more like tech. Yeah. It's the whole thing. No, it's, yeah, it's all of it. Yeah. Well, why didn't they keep going and have parts of the, the bladder? Why not just keep going at that point? Why'd they put the fallopian tubes in there? I don know. They probably wanna celebrate that. We have the ability to create life. And that makes us special. Unlike men who just like, don't do anything. Where's the tattoo that says you do not enter?


Yeah. Huh. We have no, but listen, we have a, we do something. What do you, what do you do? We carry the sacred seed. Okay. Don't say sacred. We Do. Don't stop saying don't say this and don't say that. I don't Know. But the way you approach this is very, but I, I to say that we do nothing, I think is absurd. It takes two to tango, as they say. And we, I know we Biologically Yes. Biologically. I think we are for now a necessity. Yeah. Okay. You're right. I do think, obviously Yes. Biologically yes. But then we have to do everything after that. And that's a lot. Well, we do things too. We're like, honey, can I get you some tea before I go out to the strip club with my pals?


Honey, can I prop your feet up before I head out and ogle the ladies on the boulevard and eat ham sandwiches with my chums? Yes. Sorry. I'm Just gonna say one thing, which is, I, I think it kind of says everything that someone, You know that, that you have a beautiful pin celebrating women's reproductive organs and we have truck nuts. That's true. That is true. I don't, I don't put them on my Well, In your case, you biologically have truck nuts, right? I Do. Yeah. Yeah. That was just a, it's a gift from God and General Motors. I Have 1963 sob nuts. That's, they're a little different. Those are cold.


Those are cold weather nuts. Those are four wheel drive. Cold weather, European designed nuts. They're Attractive in a vintage way. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. If you can see these nuts, you're way too close, buddy. Back up. And they drive on the wrong side of the road, if you know What I mean. What those nuts doing over there? This is America. I don't wanna be here. Well, listen, can I, I'm Silently hold This up, please. Yes. I am sorry for the loss of that jacket. I really am. Okay. I really am. I don't Think you are. No, I am. I am. I'm, I mean, you went through a terrible thing and I'm, yeah, I do. It was fun. Making fun of that jacket. And now that it's gone and the way that it went, I'm sad.


Okay. So You're sad that you don't really get to make fun of it anymore. That's my, I have lost one of the arrows in my quiver. Yeah. I now have one less thing to attack Sona with. Oh, okay. And I think that's the greatest tragedy here. I have so many arrows. Let's wrap it up. It's an endless supply of arrows. Yes. Like another one just popped up and I don't know for what, but it's there. Don't, don't worry about it. You'll be okay. Yes. I'll get you to the end of time. Sorry about your loss. My guest today, star in, in shows like Parks and Recreation and Party Down. Now you can see him in the second season. I am so excited about this. I'm, I'm loving the second season and I, I do honestly think this is one of the most beautifully crafted things on television.


The hit Apple TV series severance. So excited. He is here today. I celebrate this gentleman, Adam Scott. Welcome. Very excited to have you here. Thank you. Because You know, I'm so excited to be here. You know, I'm, I'm a massive fan of, of your work, but also you as a person. And we've had the, the, the joy of hanging out a little bit. And I'm just, I could not be happier for you. Oh, thanks. That you Are right now at the center of the coolest show on television.


Universal acclaim. Everyone's been waiting on the second season. It shows up. It was appointment television for my son, my wife and I. We just like, we sat down loving it. We debate it. It is beautifully made. You're killing it. And I'm just, I'm, I'm happy for you. Thank you, Conan. I Do. I wish it were me. Yes, I do. Sure, Sure. I understand. Do I Feel that maybe there was a, a chance that I'd get that part Or it was a mix up of some sort? Yeah. Stiller. I know Stiller called me at one point and I didn't get the call. I I couldn't quite pick it up, but No, I'm just, I am, I'm That's show Business. That's, Yeah.


And then he had to go with his second choice. That's right. Adam Scott. That's right. What the fuck? Well, whatever. You know what, it ended up working out and No, I, it is just so artfully done, so beautifully done. So much thought has gone into this. And I watched the opening shot of the second season several times. Oh really? Because you are, it it, I'm not giving anything away. Yeah. But the opening shot of the second season, you are running down this hallway that just doesn't end. Yeah. And there's something about the way it shot. I don't know what it is. I've watched a lot of film. I've watched a lot of television, and I have never seen anything quite like it.


Yeah. And I can't put my finger on what's happening there. Yeah. But it is a, it is a absolutely incredible Oh, cool. Piece of filmmaking. That's the start of a television show. Yeah. That's all, all Ben. He really, first of all, thank you for having me. I'm so excited to be here. I listened to the show all the time. Oh. And Conan, you are one of those people who, You know, as you move through show business, you get to know people that You know their work. And I'm a fan. You are a fan before you get to know them, you are definitely one of those people. I still can't believe that I actually know you. And, and I know there are a lot of us who feel that way. Oh, that's so thank you. And thanks for having me.


It may not last. No, no, no. I, I I can already tell it's fading. Yeah. I'm starting to forget your name right now. That's right. That's right. Which I totally expect based on previous experience. Every time I've seen you out on the street, I usually ask you, oh, waiter. Yes. Can I get some more ice water? It's a party down confusion. That's right. Yeah. But anyway, I know that Ben Ben takes this really seriously. Yeah. And it's not just making a TV show. This is a whole other thing. Yeah. And that's part of what I love about it, is that he's someone who, You know him, he's thinking about all of it.


He's thinking about the whole grid at all times. And for me, that's, that lets me relax and, and the rest of the cast as well. And we can just focus on, 'cause if you're worried about like what it, yeah. But If you are asking me to do, to do this, but is it gonna feel ridiculous because that thing's happening and we're going 40 miles an hour. If, if that guy's right here and I'm reacting this way. Like, and sometimes you say that and the director looks at you and it's clear that they haven't thought about any of this, which is fine too. It's, it's a matter of experience or how different people make different things. But with Ben, You know, he's thinking about the entire thing.


He's considered every detail. Right. So we, we can all just focus on the task at hand. The Sense I get is that Ben is playing three dimensional chess. Yes. And, You know, And we're playing Connect four. Exactly. And you'll ask him a question, you'll be like, do not worry. He's seeing like his nine dimensional chess board. But looking at the whole span of your career, this is quite a different gig. Yeah. First of all, I know it, it took you a while. You paid talk about paying your dues. You paid your dues for a long time. Yeah. It took you a long time to, to find your, find your footing, catch your break.


And then it was really in, I mean, starting out in like background work. Yeah. What you're doing, background work Yeah. For a Tia Carre music video. That was one of my many background. That was you. Yeah. I know. You were the best part. You guys probably all recognized me when I walked in. Yeah. Guy with Beret, I believe Is How they referred to me. For real. I did. You were wearing a Beret For real. My own, I can't find it anywhere. I really have looked. It was fall of 93 and I had a beret and I thought it was great. And I wore it all the time.


And I definitely wore it to the, to the filming of the Tia career video. So, so I hope I would love to try and find it. I don't even know if I appear. Never Saw it. I have to say, I don't know If you guys do this. I, and you might do it because this used to be your profession. I look at background people Yeah. Sometimes in scenes. Oh yeah. And if I don't find the scene particularly riveting, I really do look at the background people a hundred Percent. And I'm, I'm usually impressed. Yeah. Like they're in it. Yeah. They're both not talking at the same time, even though. Right. The and, and then every now and then there's someone who's just too happy Yeah. About having a cup of coffee Yes. Or having a conversation where they're like, You know.


Yes. Yes. Just Take it down a notch. Yes. Yeah. Or wearing a beret, you're wearing a beret. Anything to get noticed. Oh boy. But You know, then your, when your breaks start to come, it's very much ensemble work. Yeah. And you are in an ensemble now, but you are the face of the show. Yeah. So this is, I mean, there must be something kind of comforting about ensemble work. Yeah. Clearly. I mean, working on something like Party Down, you're, you're just working with these wonderful, totally improvised, I mean, what a cast. It's incredible. Yeah. Feeling, I'm feeling like you're just ensconced in this, in this in Incre and Parks and Rec too.


Just being Yes. Yeah. Part of this crew that Amy was really leading. But yeah, comforting is a perfect word for it. And it's part of why I was so freaked out when Severance first came out a few years ago. It's like suddenly the billboards went up and it was my face around town and it really, it should have been like this big happy, You know, monumental moment that I'd been waiting for for 30 years. But I, it just freaked me out. And, and Ben sort of talked me down. 'cause he's certainly been through it, just because at that point we made the show in a bubble and no one had seen it. And we loved it, but had no clue if anyone would like it or if the people would just make fun of us.


Like you just don't know Yeah. At all other than your own barometer. And we thought it was cool, but man, you just have, you have zero sense of how it's gonna be received. So it could have been this big embarrassing thing anyway. Yeah. When you're kind of out front, it is, it's, it's frightening. And then also rewarding when you're doing something that you feel good about. You know? Yes. I've said this for many years and I don't think most people would understand it. I think the assumption is if you're working on something cool, that's gonna be iconic, everyone knows it as they're working on it. And that is not the case. No. And I've always said it takes a lot of very talented people working very hard to make something terrible.


Yeah. You know, it's why I get very impatient around Oscar season. There are all these reviews of movies and a lot of them are really brilliant movies. And they'll say, yeah. But then they really blew it in that one part. Right. And I'll be thinking, do You know how hard it is? Right. Just to make a movie. I know. Let alone a great movie. Yeah. But there's that one part in the brutalist where they kind of miss the Mark A. Little bit. People become Just Film historians. When Oscar season comes around, they get very, very persnickety. Yeah. And also all the time it takes, I think that was part of why we were also afraid of it landing with a thud, is that it was so hard to make and took so long that it, it, it would've been a bummer.


But anything that comes out and doesn't quite work, people were working on it for a few years. It's, it's always one, One thing geeking out about severance the visuals. Yeah. The way it shot the colors. There's all this thought going into stuff. The, the machines they use are oddly out of time. And the Cars and The cars are, are out of time. Which, You know, leads to all different kinds of theories, but the choices directing and creating a lot of the time is about choices. And just everything is just a little off. Yeah. In this weird way that I can't quite put my finger on. And I find I could watch it. I, You know, watch it with the sound on and then you could watch it again with the sound off and just look totally at the colors and what people are wearing and how things are framed in the Shots.


Yeah. And I think how Ben and Jessica Lee Gnet, the director of photography and Jeremy, our production designer, and Kat, our props master. I think the way they visually tell the story too, you could watch it with the sound off and get the story too emotionally and maybe some of the more kind of mind twisty details wouldn't be there, but you would emotionally get the story. And I think that's really important too, when you can make something where you can turn the sound off. Like, it's like If you listen to your podcast with the sound off, you get, you get It, You know, I'm gonna tell you something. You get a little bit more than if you do listen to it with the sound.


Right. We, we recommend that people when they're driving, turn the sound off. Yeah. And you'll have a completely superior experience. I recommend you put on a different podcast. Yeah. But keep the sound off on this one. Concurrently play another one. That's the experience.


The all new Nissan Armada Pro four X is an unshakeable fortress powered by a twin turbo V six engine. Yeah. Ready to propel your adventures to new heights. Yeah. Your voice changes when you do a car act. I'm trying to, I'm trying to become Will Arnett. Oh, okay. But I can't do it. He's like, oh, new Nissan Armada pro Fourex. No, listen, I'm gonna, I'm gonna explain this car to you. 'cause this car is fantastic. It's Max 8,500 pound towing capacity has the power to haul all your favorite toys on your next big adventure. You could steal the Statue of Liberty with this. It's incredible. I'm not saying do that. I'm just saying this thing that's a lot of Holland power. Nobody gets left behind with the Armada Pro Four X's premium interior that seats up to eight passengers. That's crazy. I don't know. Eight people going big. Never goes outta style. No terrain is too tough for the all new Nissan Armada Pro four x the most capable armada ever built, built for the most rugged of terrain. The all new Nissan Armada Pro.


Four X gives you freedom to explore


further This bracket season. FanDuel is letting you make the call. 'cause right now, new customers can get $200 in bonus bets when your first $5 bet wins. You hear me? That's 200 extra binos to bet on. Everything from clutch shots to last second heartbreaks and even who's cutting down the nets. If you've been waiting to join, there's no better time. There's turn action not slang for tournament almost every day. And FanDuel has amazing bet types like spreads totals, game props, and so much more. I know all about this. You do. Oh, I'm a real, it sounds like it. I'm a real Beto. I'm, I'm, I'm excited because Michigan State, which is my team, I I think they're gonna go all the way. They're number one in the big 10. Yes. Yes. Let's go all the way. You know, don't shake your head, Eduardo. Listen, you are all a Michigan all the way. You're always That's right. Ever since I've known you, which is like 20 some odd years. That's right. You've been babbling about Michigan. This Michigan that. You gotta try a Michigan soup. You gotta have Michigan pizza pie. I love it all. And, and, and so Yeah. I say with FanDuel, Michigan State all the way. Let's go baby. Go drink. Yeah. Your favorite murderers are from Michigan. Anyway. That's true also. So visit FanDuel dot com slash Conan. Get in on the college hoops action all turn long. Turny is short for tournament. Must be 21 plus in present in select states for Kansas. In affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in present in DC. First online Real money wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fan dual.com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Visit md gambling help.org. In Maryland,


One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. I know, right? I'm trying to sell my coal miners hat and it goes to a dance troupe. Ugh. That's no good. It's just stupid. That's where LinkedIn ads come in. Fortunately. LinkedIn is a network of over 1,000,000,001. You can't even count that high. I can't, I can't either. Link as a network of over 1 billion businessy people who might actually be interested in your business. You can even target your buyers by job title, industry, company roles, seniority skills, company revenues. Did I say jam channel? I think I did. Mm. I don just stop wasting budget on the wrong audience. That's just stupid. Start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will give you a $100 credit on the next campaign. So you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco, that's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco trips and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.


It's funny 'cause you've had one of those careers too where you've, you popped in different things over the years. Sona, you're a, we all love stepbrothers. You're a stepbrothers. I love Step Brothers. You're a stepbrothers fanatic. You built I do love it so much. I've, I've never seen way the way you popped in that must have, You know Oh, yeah. Felt, felt like had one carb. Yeah, that's right. I always, that's the thing I remember most about that movie. Yeah. But, and I, and I know that your arc in Parks and Rec was a little strange, right? Yeah. You when when the show started. Yeah. There's, There's a story to it. Well, I started at the end of season two.


I mean, I had a auditioned for the show originally, but it wasn't even really for a specific role. It was so early that Mike was still f me and Rashida read together and blew it and was bummed and then Partied down, came along. So in a way it sort of worked out. Well. I was able to do that because I didn't get the, the Parks pilot. And I'm so glad I was able to do Party Down. And then weirdly, Mike loved Party Down and from that asked me to come and, and join Parks. So it all sort of came around. Now This is the inevitable question. Did you ever get to ask Mike, Hey man, What the fuck, What the fuck I was here.


Remember when I auditioned for you? Yeah. That's just something that, and it's so funny because I've had, we've had this experience here on this podcast where we're talking to iconic legendary actors. Yeah. And when they bring up the guy who snubbed them. Yeah. The casting director, Harrison Ford did it fa on this. That's right. I this on this podcast. And he was like, You know, the U is 1967. He was still like pissed about it. And he's pissed. Yeah. Jerry Sikowski and he Jerry Tikki. Yeah. And also, You know, famously, famously Michael Jordan, when he was accepted into like the, You know, basketball Hall of fame, his speech was all a list. Yeah. He started listing people who, You know, this guy benched me in fifth grade.


Remember that? It's crazy. Josh Callaway. Yeah. You know, and it's his Fuel, like that documentary he is constantly bringing Yeah. It's His fuel. But it does bring up the idea of you're working with someone who rejected me. I had this with I know. Wait, what are you saying? He should be pissed at Mike shirt. No, no, no. Not, You know what? You're right. Yes. God damnit, This is the goal of this, my podcast. To dig up Old Animosities. Here's a very well-liked Adam is a very well-liked actor, celebrity, critically acclaimed. His, his, You know, his wonderful family.


He's happy, he's having this big moment that will keep going. And all I want do is get him mad. I know. Fuck. I'm going straight to Mike's house after this Dingdong, Hey Adam, bang asshole, boom. Fuck you. And then we never speak again. Yeah. Then later he hears the podcast. Oh, I see what I see. Then he rings my bell. Oh, hi Mike. Soon. Just a cavalcade of people punching each other And just lawsuits for years. Yeah. Lawsuits for years were all tied up in the courts. I never asked him, I think because I was just 100% sure why, which was, I blew the, I I sucked at auditioning.


I hated it. Right. It was embarrassing. And I, I was just never very good at, so I, I didn't walk out of there thinking I was going to get Yeah. The job. Anyway, I had this with Ray Romano. Ray Romano, who we didn't, he wanted to be a monologue writer for my show. Great comedian, great joke writer. We, we didn't have a slot, but he had a good packet. Yeah. And people knew him. So I met with him Yeah. And sat across, he came into my office and, You know, at the time, I'm like 32 years old. Do you remember a meeting though? Vaguely. Yeah. And he was sitting there and he was real nervous and I just kind of said that your stuff is great. Yeah. But we didn't have an opening. So he goes from that experience to maybe a year later.


Yeah. Getting everybody loves Raymond Wow. And then becoming this monolithic TV star. Yeah. And I remember later on running in and say, ah, so I was really bummed I didn't get that job. You know, I'm like, wow. Whatcha talking about? Do you realize what we pay monologue? Right. Was it me? There wasn't an ultimate Ray Ray. Hello Ray. Yeah. You're Ray Romano. That doesn't happen. If you're with me writing. Oh, You know, you are Profoundly wealthy. Yeah, exactly. Because of your greatness. You can buy and sell me 35. That's right. I don know, but I think I could have done this.


Are you sure you weren't talking to Bobcat Goldwin? No, I was talking to Cookie Monster Cookies. Anyway, You know, it just, I don't, it, it, I love people that just get stuck on something like that. And I'm trying to get you stuck on it, but it didn't work Out. Yeah. Well, I, I am now I'm obsessed Al Pacino too. Yeah. Did he say something about that? You guys had Al Pacino? Yeah. And he sat right where you're sitting and he's one of my all time. That was a great interview. And talk about you can't believe I couldn't believe that I'm in, You know, I mean, I bumped into him a couple of times. He'd always been very sweet to me. Knew who I was, would like call me, called me over to his table once at a Yeah. I mean, just, I couldn't, I I I couldn't believe that this guy Yeah, there's a, there's of, of all the space in his brain, there's one cell that knows about me.


Yeah. Like, I couldn't, I couldn't believe it 'cause I'm such a massive fan. But he, he was sitting here and Yeah. He was very in touch with no bitterness at all. Yeah. But very much in touch with the fact that, You know, Coppola and the studio really didn't want him. Yeah. I, I mean, Coppola wanted him to, to to to, to be, have the role in the Godfather, but Studio didn't want him. Yeah. And then for maybe half the shoot of the movie. Yeah. They, they're, they don't like, the studio doesn't like him and Coppola is like, ah, yeah, I know. He's not bringing it. Yeah. He's not bringing it and tells him that. Yeah. And he remembered being called over to Coppola's table at a restaurant and Coppola didn't even stand up.


Yeah. You didn't ask him to sit down. Nothing. Didn't Ask him to sit down. And so he was very much in touch with that and still is. And I remembered him saying to me, like, You know, go on. They didn't want me. They didn't want me. And I'm like, yes. But then you did get it and you became the face of the Michael Corleone Yes. For not one, but two of the greatest films ever made. And then you go on to do all this other iconic work. Yeah. And it's like, I know, but they didn't want me. Yeah. And it's just incredible. You know, Al Pacino, Al Pacino is sweating Stuff out just to think I listened to his book Yeah. That he was promoting here and, and just him talking about like, scenes in The Godfather and how he finally convinced them he was, he he was right for the role from doing the scene where he shoots the two guys in the restaurant.


Yeah. But just thinking about at one point there were people just like working on that scene and trying to figure out like how to do, it's just so weird to think that there was a time before that scene existed and that that scene Yes. Is because of some decisions that people kind of guessed at. And we're just figuring it out. Also, I love, and this has happened before too. I, I love the concept that there are crew people going, who the fuck is this guy? Yeah, I know. And when they were shooting the God for the big, You know, the opening of The Godfather Yeah. And takes place at the, at the big wedding at Marlon Brando's Estate. And everyone's, You know, dancing and having fun and they cut over to Michael and Kay.


He's really underplaying it. Yeah. You know, he's just a, he's just outta the army and he's explaining who people are. Yeah. He's, oh, that's Luca Broy. He works for my father. He takes care of So what does your father do, Michael? But apparently those dailies came back and the, the people at, I guess it was paramount, maybe. Were like, what? Who is this droopy noodle of a guy in a big army hat? He's terrible. Yeah. And Like, zero charisma. Zero charisma. And he's not being, and and the crew. Yeah. The crew is like, who want this guy? And apparently the other time that happened, You know, graduate. Yeah. So Dustin Hoffman is, You know, the, the, in the book, the Graduate, the graduate is blonde-haired, blue eyed.


And so they wanted like Robert Redford, that was who, who it was supposed to be. And the big brave decision was no, it's gonna be this little known actor. Yeah. Theater actor. Dustin Hoffman. Yeah. Who's not a blonde-haired, blue eyed kid. And the crew and everyone is like, what the, yeah. This guy's mumbling. Yeah. This is the same crew. What a bunch of assholes. No, no, no. I know. Hey, trust me. This is the, Hey, trust me, this is, they Didn't believe in what they were working on. This is the crew I had at late night in 93, 94 and 95. Right. Because we inherited Dave and I swear to God, people were, I, I don't blame them, but they were like, You know, they had just had David Letterman. Wait, You had Dave's Crew?


I had a th i, yeah, his cork. Wow. I had his camera, some of his camera because they stayed behind. Sure. Dave went to CBS and, and took some people, but there was a corps, and I don't blame them. There was like cable pullers and stuff. And David Letterman, after 11 years of, You know, reinventing the format and dominating has, has now gone on to Greater Heights. And they're like, they got this new kid here. He comes. And I, and I, and I come in and I, I'm like, hi Everybody, my name's. I know. Anyway. I like improv. We're gonna try some weird stuff. I don't know. I think it's gonna be okay.


Hey, does anybody what dries up acne? Does anybody know? Like, I still had acne breakout occasionally, and I'd be like, does anyone, 'cause I use the stuff, is there something better? Oh no. And these hard And and where Are you asking the crew about your acne? I don't know. And these guys Just out to everyone asking if anyone has any recommendations. I opened the shows with it off. Hi. If anyone's out there watching, it's, It just keeps, I think it's, it might be cystic. I don't know it comes back, But, But that was the thing that blew my mind was the, that, and I didn't blame them, but there were just, I mean, there were guys on my crew that had worked on Sullivan when The Beatles played there.


Right. Wow. And I would ask them like, what was that like? Yeah. And they, and they were guys from Long Island. Yeah. You know, and they'd, they'd say stuff like, I don't know, I I, I was mad 'cause I was a Sunday night. I'm not supposed to work Sunday night and I'm outta the, and then they call me. 'cause Steve got said I gotta come in. And I saw I'm up in there and I but the, it was The Beatles. Yeah. It was the Beatles. I'm Like, that's a lot of, I don know that fucking hair. I don't know. And then I'm on the way home and The carburetor blows out, so fuck that shit. You know? And I don't get paid overtime. And you're like, that's their memory of it. Yeah. You're Like, great. This was a really special talk that we just had. Thank you very much. On the subject, historic, on the subject of music.


I know that you have done many podcasts, music centric podcasts. You have your obsessions. REM. Yeah. You love REM? Yeah. I, yeah. 'cause I'm, You know, that generation that kind of grew up with that, that music? Yeah. Like they got huge around 87, like with the, their first big hit and I was like 14. So it was kind of perfect Timing. My co my college girlfriend when I was I think a senior. She was so cool. She knew about music. Yeah. She knew bands before they broke. Yeah. But I remembered her being very cool and saying, yeah. REM. Yeah. I'm like REM. Yeah. What is that? Right. That sounds I don't, what is that a, that's a band.


Right. And kind of thinking. Great. You like your niche little band. Yes. That's not going anywhere. Why did she break up with you? I know you seemed really cool. I have no idea about anything. You're talking about. Am I interested? I think I said to her, nothing you say is of value to me. And then she walks out on me. What's that all about? It's so weird that that Didn't Work. Women. So No, there was something mysterious about their name and the way they looked and the music videos. They weren't in, it was just all Cool. Yes. You know, back then. Yeah. Yeah. And, and to this day, a lot of great music.


Yeah. So it's, it's what what are your bands? Your bands are REM U2. Yeah. Those were like My Beatles, the Beatles and Stones kind of for, I don't know, I, for my age group or generation or whatever. Right. Those were the two big, I'm seeing here that you're 77 years old. 77 years old. Yeah. Those were the two big ones. And, and they were very, now looking back it's like, well of course they were both very mainstream like arena rock bands. And I think that's part of what I liked about it too. Just sort of the grandness of it. What Are you, what are you watching when you're a kid? What are the shows that mean something to you on TV Letterman Yep. Was a huge one. Yep. We didn't have, You know, I grew up in Santa Cruz, California, which is a little hip kind of hippie beach town.


And so we didn't have a TV in, in our house. I lived with my mom for, for a majority of the time and then went back and forth. But for while I was living there, my dad got me this little five inch black and white TV that I just kept in my room and I was just glued to it. You know, without cable television you have three, three stations. So I would just watch whatever was on Yes. From 7:00 PM or whenever till they went off the air at Yeah. What was it, one 30 or two or whatever. Anyway, Letterman, You know, and different strokes and whatever network comedies were on. Yeah. Yeah. Hour long dramas always felt like too grown up and boring until I got older.


And, and now you go back and look at our long dramas when, You know, we were coming of age and they're just like, pornography bad, You know? Yeah. Like, not only are are they just weirdly bad, but they show there's so much shoe leather just 'cause they're trying to fill up the 42 minutes. Oh. Oh. I'm obsessed with, I've had huge fights. I had a huge fight with Bill Burr who loves chips and I went after Bill and said, chips is a piece of shit. And he's like, whatcha talking about? He's just getting crazy on me about, about how much he loves chips and how much it meant to him. But If you watch those shows now, oh, the editing bill.


I don't know if everyone's on Coke that's making them. Right. But the shots are lazy. It's so the whole point of the show is there's gonna be this big meeting. Right. You know, and so a guy's gonna pull up in his car and go talk to someone who's in another car. Yeah. The car will pull up in some big parking lot 30 feet away. The guy will get out and shut the door and walk 30 feet to the other guy. Totally. No cutting. No, no editing. 'cause they're like, yeah, we can kill some time. Yeah. Walking from that giant bad late seventies American car to this one. That's Right. That's Right. Like, people have no idea how lucky they are with Breaking Bad and The Surprise, You know, whatever, You know, modern television. Right.


We did those credit sequence things. Oh yeah. Yeah. The, the greatest event. So we had to go and so Hilarious watch Yeah. Like Simon and Simon episodes to find these certain scenes to get context on some of them. And like Bill Burr, like my memories of Simon and Simon are one thing. Like it meant so much to me as a kid, but then kind of diving in and really watching, it's just a whole different, like I would challenge Bill Burr to binge chips right now. Like really see if he can hang in there. Well, I'm sure I'll be getting a call from him very soon. I just saw him the other day. We had a lovely meal and now he's gonna feel like I betrayed him. But I think we are in TV's golden age.


I keep saying that. Clearly the whole business changed, but we're, but what you're describing, and now we sound like, You know, the, the two old men on the Muppet show in the balcony. But you watched what was on Right. And you had an awareness. Sometimes this doesn't seem that good. Right. But it was all there was. Yeah. There's three networks. Yep. And also there's what can, what comes in? Meaning what will I, what will my reception capture? Yes. Because sometimes there's a good show and you'd go to turn it on and Well, there was the, the antenna. I Keep moving the antenna around. Yeah, that's Right. And so just this, I don't know, we're, And it was inconsistent. Some nights CBS would come in great. And some nights it was just garbage. Right.


And so now there's the other problem of I have 7,000 options. Yeah. Yeah. And yes, there are some very obvious choices I can make. Yeah. When I know there's a really good documentary out or Hey, severance is Back. I know what I'm doing. It's appointment television. Yeah. But then there's so much. Yeah. Where people have told me you've gotta watch GB Go Nation. And I'm like, what is it? So I love gov. You're you're surrounded by people that love GB Gob Nation and I'm like G Nation work. Gub Guber. Yeah. We're just from Go Heads. What's up everybody? One gum Head. Oh fuck. Oh my God. And I'll say, what is it? And they'll be like, oh, it takes place at an advertising agency.


It's British, but you're gonna really, and then I'll watch like two episodes and I'm like, oh, you gotta hang in for seven. You do. You do Seven, get to seven. No, you have to get to seven. 'cause that's when the Gob guber show up And those gob guber walk in lights out. Yeah. And we could like, 'cause now kids, it's all dependent on they can watch whatever they want. So it just depends on their taste. Yes. What they're gonna watch back then, like you said, we just watched whatever was on. And that's how we came up with our taste was by watching everything. Yeah. So it's just a completely, I have no idea what I'm talking about. Nevermind, nevermind, nevermind.


The, I remember my, my writing partner when I came out to LA for the first time, Greg Daniels. Yeah. Of course. The great Greg Daniels. He and I came out here and we're both 22 years old and there wasn't that much television. There was just, as I said, a couple of networks and a couple of big sitcoms and so, and some dramas. And so you, you'd seen everything. There was no such thing as a show that you had never heard of because there, there aren't that many shows. Yeah. So remember once Greg and I are working late and I think we were over at Sunset Goer Studios, which is in too far from where we are now. And where these like wide-eyed 22-year-old guys Right outta college. Yeah. And we're working on this show called Not Necessarily the News. And but then we're also wandering around 'cause we're like, wow, this is where they make television.


Yeah. And we wandered onto, oh my God. This is the set where they make Benson Whoa and Benson with Robert, Robert Guion. They were still making it. I think they were still making it. And this would be 1985. Yeah. Yeah. I'm seeing an actual Right. This is the governor's mansion where Benson lives. What This is it, and it's all the lights are kind of down. There's a couple of lights on, but there's like cloth over things. Right. They put the things over the sheets, over the furniture. Yeah. And We're we're wandering in. And Greg and I, I mean it's so funny now Greg has made so much iconic tv. Yeah. But I remember very clearly him being like, wow. Yeah. And I'm like, yeah. And then we walk in and we get up close Yeah.


And we look and we're looking at the actual like vase and table. Yeah. That and it's supposed to be a rich, like governor's mansion. Yeah. And it looks like shit. Yeah. It's like, because fake, it's, it's all fake and it's all slapped on kind of fake gold paint. And that's a, the vase looks like it cost $2. And I remembered having this revelation of it's all a lot, man. Yeah, totally. Vincent's Mansion sucks. Yeah. What is this? You know? And then ha and then having that realization over and over and over again, whenever I was on a set and sitting down and like, this is the chair right. Where the girls on Facts of Life sit.


Wow. How much time did you get to spend on the Facts of Life set? I know, I Know. I used to go over there a lot. Hang out in the chair. That sounds so creepy. Chair. You know where the chair is from, from Texas where the ladies sit, All Of them at the same Time. There's that one scene. No, I don't, I don't Mrs. Garrett sit in point me in the general direction. No, but I mean, it's just so, such a revelation when you got to see Yeah. And it would be, I mean, it's, it's never really changed, You know, when you're on a set. Oh Yeah. The first time that I saw Letterman's show, which so weirdly, but I was in college and I went to New York and saw a live taping of late night with Davidman.


That's wild. Having no idea that I would take over that show. That's wild. And in that studio and that some of those crew members would be my crew members. And I am, so I remembered Sitting Wa being led in by NBC pages and sitting down and thinking what's going on? Yeah. This is really small. Yeah. Because on television the perspective is widened and, and things look big. Yeah. And realizing, wait a minute, what the fuck? Like where Dave is standing doing his monologue, he can reach over and touch, You know, Paul Schaefer. Yeah. He could touch him. Whereas on tv, the way they shoot it, it doesn't look that way at all. It's huge. Studio six A is notoriously, it's a small, it was built for radio.


Yeah. It wasn't built for television. And that's the, that's the magic of it. Yeah. Is that it's small. Yeah. So comedy rockets around the room and bounces off the walls. And it felt like there was something, it felt exclusive and small. It felt like a, like the audience, they didn't sweeten the audience either, which, no. I don't know if late night shows do that at all. But, but they, I wish we did. We never thought of that. By the way, I have a story relating to that, wishing your audience was sweetened with a terrible, terrible bit. I brought on your show, but as far as the Letterman show goes, there was something just as a fan that felt really, it felt like a clubhouse or something. Yes. Yeah. Like it was an ex So did they find you in the audience?


Did they go back ever and find you on that episode? I was sitting pretty far back and I would have to, I know one of, Because that's incredible. I gotta find that episode. Actually, I was a guest. Do you remember? I, it's, it's, it's a blur. I I have a memory of one bit and I'm gonna really have to think about it, but a door slides open and a boxer comes out of the wall. But I bet I could figure out what the episode is. I don't think there's a shot of me in, in the audience of sitting pretty far back with my friend Maya Williams. And, and afterwards Maya knew one of the writers on the show. Steve O'Donnell. Oh yeah. Steve And Steve brought us up to the offices.


Whoa. And we're sitting in Steve O'Donnell's tiny office and I'm sitting there with Maya talking to Steve and Meryl Marco walks by and a guy in a leather jacket walks by with her carrying a box and it's Dave Letterman. Wow. He kind of just nods at us and keeps moving. And I, it was, well, there's no, if I was a kid, I'd say it was like the president of the United States walked by, but that no longer works. Right. That was the president now. Yeah. I'm sorry. I don't care who's president now in this world. It would be like, no, it's the president. It's Been so demystified And it just, who care? So, but I'll never forget. Oh yeah. I remember the jacket he was wearing. I remembered and remembered thinking, wow.


Yeah, He gets to have this, this show. And then the idea. That was it. What is that? That's probably 1983. Yeah. The idea that 10 years later I'm hosting that show. Yeah. To this day. Makes no sense to me. That's fun. And I think was a mistake. I really do in my heart think it was a fucking No way fucking Wonder. No, I I mean I'm, I'm, I'm taking it all in and whatever I'm saying it, it, it's, it's a beautiful thing. But did you ever, it doesn't make any sense. It's funny. I, I've, I don't know that I have. Yeah. I don't know that I have because I don't know, I mean, not that Dave and I talk that much, only because we don't cross paths much when we do, I treasure those moments.


Yeah. But from his perspective, it's a story of I saw you once and you were wearing a leather jacket Right. In a hallway. Yeah. And I, I had acne. Right. I don't think I asked you, do you have anything that could clear this up? Do you have anything? And will your crew hate me as much as I think they will? Andrew, do you wanna spend your moments with Dave recalling that particular guy? I think I will next time. Yeah, You should. I I bet he would get a kick out of it. He might, I don't know. Or he might have me taken away by his retinue of goons. What was the story when you were on the bit? Oh yeah. You didn't tell us you were Oh, you did a bit. What, what happened? Okay. So it was, this is ended up being, I know, You know What, go ahead.


Go ahead. Okay. It ended up being one of the most deeply embarrassing moments I've had. And it's also confounding to me from beginning to end why I did this. I just had this confidence in this bit and didn't really slow down to think about it before I Okay. I was promoting big little eyes, right? Yep. The second season, big little eyes. And so the bit that I came up with, it's also interesting because it's so bad from so many different angles and there's nothing about it that works. Nothing. You know what? I love you so don't wanna tell us what it is. I know. You just that you keep qualifying it. I know.


Okay. And another thing you should know, Because is That the Roman empire did not have movable type. When I tell you the basic premise, you're gonna be like, why would you do that? Okay. So Big little lies. The way I saw it going is like us talking and you being like, wow, big little, the cast is amazing. It's like, yeah, no, it's, yeah. It's the, it's all like legendary actresses. It's like the traveling wilburys of, of legendary actresses. You know? It's like, so what I had done is I thought that that saying the traveling wilburys of actresses and equating big little eyes with the traveling wilburys would be this like comedy explosion.


It is funny that that would, well, But then, and then you start to go through, like for example, yeah, I mock Reese Re is like, go ahead. I had mocked up the album cover Oh, wow. With instead of the traveling wilburys that the actresses faces on their bodies Yep. And also had gone through for each traveling wilbury and switched them out for like Reese's, Bob Dylan Shalene, you, You know, Nicole Kidman is is George Harrison, whatever. I don't remember what it was. Yeah. So everything, and you Had reasons why. I had reasons why, but the first of all, nobody under 50 knows who the fuck the traveling wor wilburys are.


This was immediately apparent When I said the first line. It's like the traveling wilber of, I just, it was silent. Silent. No silence. You could hear the air condenser, Literally. Yeah. But also I came to learn that those over 50 who do remember the traveling wilburys, don't give a fuck about, I may be your one demographic for this. Okay. Why weren't you there? I was at a Traveling Wheelbarrows Concert. So I say it, silence show the record, cover silence. Right. And then I start going through each member of the band.


Yep. You sure Did. The crazy thing is, is I was so sure that this was going to, it could create a tidal wave of comedy that you and I would just be able to surf through each, each member of the band. That I never came up with actual jokes for each one. Right. I just had these little, like, oh, she was in Days of Thunder. So she's Bob Dylan thinking it would just be so like, crackly and you and Andy would be like, Ugh. Right. It would take on this life of its own. Yes. And it's like nuclear fiss or fusion. It's just gonna, yes. Molecules are gonna be bouncing off each other and the rest will take care of itself. That's right. Yeah. And we will be fine.


Yeah. But like you and The Letterman Theater, here we are 10 years later and look at the gold it's giving us. No, no. And this is the perfect place to discuss this. 'cause it's anatomy of a You are not alone. I've, I, I've had many prominent people come up to me over the years and say, I just wanna say I'm sorry. Right. And I'll say, what? And they'll say, oh, in 1998 Yeah. I came on and I tried this thing and I bombed so hard and I don't remember. Right. Yours. I remember I woke up this, I wake up every morning thinking about it, and my wife is like, what happened? Is it the Wilburys? Is it the Am Scott Wilburys bit?


And I'm like, It's, it's, And she's like, you're not there anymore. It's over. It's over. You're safe. You're with me. And we get a cold cloth and we Oh my God. But It was so long. And so, but what I remember about that moment is you, a lot of other people would've bailed, and you clearly were like, no, I made my bed. Yeah. And I'm seeing this through to the end. And I think at the end you say something like, and that is why, You know, people can look it up now, which is the beauty. But No, no, because After the show, I remember talking to Andy backstage and being like, how could I have thought that was something Yeah. That was not, and we begged you guys not to air it.


And I think the reaction was like, oh, please, can we, oh no, of course. We're not gonna air that. So I don't think it, it Aired, it exists somewhere. And I've got somewhere to find it. Man. Did you Help him out at all? Or were you just standing, sitting there just watching What Happened? Did I think I tried. You tried. I do have the reputation of trying to help. I Know, that's why I'm asking. But yeah, at a certain point I saw nine sharks chomping away. Yeah. At Adam Scott and Blood just, and Gore filling the water, and I decided to get back on the boat. Yeah, that sounds Like you. Yeah. I, I removed my foot from the water and got into the boat.


And then, because I saw like, he's lost too much. It's, it's, it's over, You know? Yeah. Yeah. I had no legs. Like, what are you gonna do? I can't swim with you to the boat. At the end of the episode, we did cut it out, but at the end of the episode, you went from telling a good story to just being ahead. That's right. Just floating back. Where Are you going ahead? Sitting on a chair. I still haven't done Roy Orbison. We never did get to Roy Orbison. Yeah. Well, oh God. You know why it's funny now? Because it's funny now because you are, you're just, you could not, things could not be going better for you. And you're in this show where you get to, in every way show the power you have and the range you have.


And yes, they could have found s someone else to do it. And I think I could have done it. That much is clear. I think that's, If you take one thing from this episode is I know how to have my face change a little bit in an elevator. I've done it before, and they wouldn't need special effects. I can just do it. Right. And that saves $600. No, we don't use special effects, but fine. Yes. No, you could do It. Oh, I know you guys do something. No, I just, I couldn't be happier for you because you're a, you're just a, a great guy and you deserve all this. Well, I, it means so much. So thank you very much. You're, you're, you have incredible taste, obviously, and that just Well, no, Clearly look around you.


Yeah. I mean, look at these people. Gorgeous and hilarious. Aw. I know you're a busy guy. And thank you so much for being here. Thank, thank you. And I, let's, let's break bread someday. Absolutely. Soon. And we'll get, You know what I want? I want to get Bill Burr involved. Yes. You and I both go at him about chips. Yes. Okay. I I'm, I I promise you he hasn't seen it since 1987. There's no way. He's just saying he loves chips. All right. Take care. All right. Thanks everyone.


Lot of people, when they think about winter snow, You know, snowman, not me. Snowball fights. Snowball fights. That's not what I think about. Okay. I think it's a great excuse to gather with friends and crack open a cold one. Yeah. From basketball and hockey to game night. Winter means more moments with the coolest people in your life. And I've got some Pretty cool people in my life. Like me? No. Oh, not you. Okay. But like, my really cool friends. Oh, okay. You know who I get together with, right? I Patch Jones. Oh yeah. All right. He's Cool. Yeah. Du Shrimp. I have a lot of very cool friends. RJ Johannes make these moments even better With Miller Light. That's my crew. The great tasting light beer for people who love beer. Miller Light is brewed for taste. Hello. It's different than other light beers. Other light beers are just like, blah. If you like it, okay. But If you don't go to hell. Yeah. Well, guess what? Not. Miller Light. It's made with simple ingredients like malted barley for rich balanced toffee note flavors, and the iconic golden color. The original light beer since 1975. And still from my money. The best one. Yeah. I remember when I was out with my gang, right. We were all out on our bicycles. Oh yeah. And we were driving around and then we, we pulled over and got a Miller Light, You know, and it was really nice. 'cause it was a lot of people don't think, you don't ride a bicycle in the winter. No, but we put snow tires on our bicycles. Okay. Big chains. Okay. And it was just nice to sit with my friends next to our bicycles that were really heavy with chains and crack open a cold one. You know, Miller Light. Great. Taste 96 calories. Go to Miller lite.com/ Conan to find delivery options near you. Or you can pick up some Miller Lite. Pretty much anywhere they sell beer. Yeah. Tastes like Miller Time to me. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories and 3.2 carbs per 12 ounces.


This message is brought to you by BetterHelp. Quick question. Who's your support system? Have they changed your life? You know, it's, it's really important to talk to people. We live in very tense times. Yeah. And there's a lot of stress out there. And it, I think a few things work better than talking to someone, getting the anxieties and everything that's inside of you out. Get it out on the table. Think about your favorite leaders, mentors, idols. They don't have all the answers, but they do know when to ask questions or seek support from their community. So therapy can be a source of support for any area of your life. It's time to shift the focus from doing it all to knowing that we're better when we ask for help. Are you good at that? Sonic Good at asking for help. Asking for help. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a very outward person. That's Yes, you are. Yeah. It's a good, but that's a good quality. BetterHelp is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide, you can access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Easy switch therapists, anytime at no extra cost. And that's important. Yeah, it is. You don't feel awkward about moving on if it's not the right fit. Yeah. This month BetterHelp is giving you the biggest discount on starting therapy that has ever been offered on this show. 90% off your first week. Your wellbeing's worth it. So don't miss it. For a limited time, visit BetterHelp dot com slash Conan to get 90% off your first week. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ Conan.


Do you guys remember back in the early days of this podcast, we did a few drawing contests? I do. The Ones where I won what I won. Did you win both? We did at least Two. No, I really lost both of 'em. Did you? Yeah, I'm pretty sure I did. Yeah. Okay. Well, I went back and I found you guys might remember this from your childhoods. I think especially you will. Do you remember these advertisements? Yes. For drawing contests? Yes. Yes you can. They Were on the back of, I think they were on the back. Back of matchbooks. Yeah. And comic books. And they were also, I think TV commercials. And basically you would draw one of these, send it in, and they would assess If you had any talent. And then you could take their trade school. It was all a scam basically. Was It a Scam? I think it was. I think it was like the Barb Ison modeling schools.


You know, like they'll take anybody just to get the money out of 'em. Huh? There used to be these ads. Speaking of scams on the back of comic books that would say things akin to, If you clip this out and you include a dollar 50, we'll send you a hovercraft Yes. To your home. Definitely. Or there was one that was a submarine. Yeah, a working submarine. So send us a dollar 50. And I always was curious, do you get something in the mail? That's a good question. And what is it and how could it be anything close to a submarine? I, I mean, I would love someone out there to find out what did you actually get? Yeah. In the late sixties and early seventies, If you cut out the coupon that said you get a submarine. Wasn't It a kit though? I thought it was like, yes. They send you a fan with a motor and then you have to build like an inner tube around it or something.


Maybe. But still, I remember the price being absurdly low. Yeah. And the drawing was very deceptive. Right, right. It showed like basically a German U-boat prowling the North Atlantic. So I would love to know, what did you get? I'm sure it would be very disappointing, but the fact that you got anything that might approximate the foundation of a submarine. Mm. Well, for a dollar 50, Our guys are on it. Let's do this drawing contest and maybe by the end we'll have an answer. All right. What's the plan here? Okay, so you get to choose one and I'm gonna give you guys five minutes in real time. We'll be edited down by the time we listen. Do we Each choose a different character? I guess you should choose separately. There's tippy who looks to be a tortoise in a turtleneck.


Well, that makes sense. Turtleneck sweater, right? Oh, That's cute. It's just a neck sweater to him. Right, Exactly. He just calls it, this is my sweater. Yeah, this is my me sweater, my me neck. As opposed to a V-neck. And then there's a pirate. Clearly no idea why. Pirates always have an eye patch. That'll get worked out later On. I could tell You. Oh yeah. What's that? They, They always say it's 'cause Oh, they lost an eye. But it's because they'd be below deck and they have to, when they're above deck in the sun and they have to go below deck, they don't need time to adjust their sight. So they open their eye patch and they can see it. Very Good. Very nice. Oh, that's good to know. And then there's tiny who is either now this is a little confusing.


Could be a little kitten. I think it's a mouse. It's A mouse. You're right. It's a mouse. 'cause of the ears. Okay. And he's wearing a party hat. Yeah. They have both eyes. What? What? The pirates have both eyes and they're both functioning. Yeah. Yes. That is crazy. Yeah, they wear the eye patch so that they can, this is what I, Why are you saying this? Like you knew it this whole time. And also, I don't even know if that's true. I'm telling you. I heard it from a guy. I heard it from a guy. And not too long ago. Okay. All Right. Somebody pick a number between one and 10. Conan. Oh my god. What does everything have to be complicated? Five. Sona? Six. The number was four. So Conan, you get to pick first. Okay, well I guess there's no getting around it.


I'm gonna be the pirate. Okay. Sona, what would you like? I'll do tippy the turtle. Okay. All Right. Mine's gonna be awful. Let's get to it. Okay, ready? All right, let's Do it. 1, 2, 3. Go. Five minutes. We'll make it three minutes. You have three minutes. Okay. Oh My God. So that's an abomination. Shut your stupid mouth. I can tell Your're, concentrating. 'cause your lips are moving. One minute has lapsed. You have two minutes left. Sorry. And you're actually done. So I don't know if I got the time right on this So bad. You're not giving us a lot of time for this.


That's the point. That's the point. It's the pressure. How much time do I have left? You got plenty of time. Well good. 'cause I need more time. We're going, We're gonna knock a minute off. You've got 30 seconds. No, no, Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do That. I'm almost done. That's not, I want it to be somewhat. Oh yeah. This has gotta be above board. No, I want it to be somewhat decent. I take some pride in my drawing. I Don't, I'm okay with it being done now. Hold On. But keep in mind, it's not just technical ability, it's, it's that certain extra Genesis Of life. The Genesis seis. Yeah, it's the Genesis. Quois, Sona. You could take it on. Just having more life. You know Jackson Pollock? He did his paintings. It was about the experience, not the result. Yeah. He come On, died in a drunk driving crash.


Like Look at tip's. Head is real flash. Matt, why aren't you drawing? I just didn't, I assumed it was down to them. All right, I'll get in there. No, no no's Too late. Well, it's too late. Yeah. We're not waiting. Waiting for that shit There. What? The pens? I like using. Yeah. Its A pens fault, huh? I'll sign mine. I'm obsession. She's done. Why is everything a, she just Gimme the money Giving you a jacket. You don't deserve any more than that. Can't believe that jacket went up. I can't believe the fire didn't recoil when it saw the fire. This spider would record. Nah, let's get outta here guys. Put things ugly. Three, two. Hold it. One. Oh.


All right. What do we do? We show our, Yeah, put 'em in the center here. And then Adam, Eduardo play. Get to Adjudicate. I think you guys should give some points for speed. 'cause I did it. I did mine really fast. Well, I, I'll just say I did mine in like a quarter of the time of anybody else. If we're doing speed, you Go and you illustrate with your mom. Can we take, can You pass this? Mine's also the biggest Now is this American Idol style or we each go through and say what we thought of each one? Or Do just give it, yeah, but make it brief. 'cause we don't have a lot of time. Make it brief. Okay, great. Yeah. Adam, you wanna start? Yeah. I think the pirate is fantastic actually. It's really accurate. Nose is maybe a bit off. Yeah. But otherwise it's, it's really pretty good.


I like to improve people as I go. Pirate Looks like Randy. Macho man. Savage. Yeah, it Does. That's why I was drawing Little small for my liking ratio to the page here. But, but otherwise very well. I like that You're a firm judge. Yeah. I think this is fantastic. I think the earring is a little too prominent here. But otherwise, otherwise great. You know, it's, it evokes the same emotion I feel when I look at the original drawing of the pirate. And that, isn't that what art's all about? Yeah. The turtle, Sona, that's you. I actually, I love the scale things went awry with the eye area, but I actually like that.


I think you would, it was, it's more interpretive, which I like. Yeah. You're not just trying to do, You know, a, a perfect facsimile. It's, it's a nice interpretation. And, and I like it. I think it's, It's mine. I think my true, I'm like a forger. I'm trying to pass this off, You know, as a forgery. I, I really like this one here. I feel like I want to color it in. Okay. Now. So I really appreciate. Yeah, it's, I would be proud to put this on a refrigerator, You know, so Yeah. This is good. It's Going your way. I know. I agree. Simple clean lines, excellent execution. I think it's fantastic. Also, I, I don't know, is the, was the pirate signed? Was there a signature on that one? No, I didn't. No signature. Although signature here. So the artist clearly stands behind their work.


She was Pride. Yeah. The Artist stands behind their work. Well, also I was copying something else. I didn't want to get the reputation of someone who steal. So I I didn't wanna do it. The original artist, whoever they are, I, it's really their work. And I give it up for them. This is Mipi My Turtle. He's different than Tippy. I Think you've got Tipsy, the Turtle. All right. And then the Mouse. I would say, Matt, you get credit 'cause you were handicapped with time. You rushed it and considering the rush, it's really, really nice. It looks a little stretched, I would say. Like, it's kind of like horizontally stretched. Yeah. It looks like it was put on a projector at a different angle. It's true. Yeah, It's true. It's just this tiny has a really large brain, right?


Yeah. But really, really good. Especially considering how quickly you did it. I mean, I don't know. They're all very different. I don't know how you choose a winner. Who's the winner? I mean, He's already angling for defeat, You know. No, no, No. Not not, I, I mean, I know who the winner should be. I'm just impressed with how quickly you did this. Thank you. This was like 60 seconds worth of just a Mouse, so. Yeah. Yeah. I Like it. It's not get crazy. Can you believe he rendered a mouse of a hat in 60 seconds? Honestly, never in the Annals of Man. Less time. Well, wait a Minute. Effort, effortless Lines, looks, has a film Kind of spin on it. So he gets, so he gets points for forgetting to do the assignments. Well, I didn't think I was gonna do it.


I was just giving to you guys. Alright, well I don't think that should factor in. I, if I enter a marathon late, You know what I mean? And managed to get a mile in. I don't think you guys would be Whoa. But he finished, he showed up late in a, a cab. He Finished. But now I will say it does look a little squashed. But, but yeah. A lot, lot of personality there. There's not say missed a lot of personality. Well, who, who's the, it's Now we ask You guys leave It up. Can we just leave it up to the fans to vote? I guess the fans will. You do put it on social media. Why don't we put it on Instagram? So go Team Telling me, Go to Team Coco podcast. We'll sign on on Instagram. And are we still on the vast hellscape of Twitter X? Let's just send people to Instagram.


Let's do that. Yeah, that's good. All right. We'll see what happens. This is pretty Exciting. It wouldn't be a drawing contest without abject hatred for the game. Oh, I did find the submarine just for, Oh good, good, good. Let's see it. I wanna see this. Look at that. That's 6 98, $6 and 98 cents. And it says, fires, rockets and torpedoes over seven feet long. Big enough for two kids. What Now? That's what they're showing Now. When I was a kid, I lost my shit over this thing. I was like, wait a minute. This is incredible. And I wanna know, what was the company? Did anyone in America purchase this thing?


And what did you in fact get? Because down on the side, they're showing people inside the cockpit of this thing. Yes. And it says over seven feet long seats. Two kids controls that work. Oh Wait, I think I Remember what this is. Rock fire. Real periscope. You know what this is Fire Periscope With the hovercraft. It's a manual on how to build it, if I'm not mistaken. And there's somewhere in the fire, You know, we need to find out. We need to find out because this is, this haunted my childhood. Yeah. This is up there with the Uncle Sam Halloween mask. I must find out. Someone please. Out there. The Polaris Nuclear Sub for $6 and 98 cents plus 75 cents. Shipping Charges. Yeah.


Ah, Yeah. We gotta find out more about this. Okay. To be continued. Alright. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesson and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive, produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aren Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista, and Brit Conn.


You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future


episode. You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash Conan. And If you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan. O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded,


It is time to play ball in Academy, sports and Outdoors has the gear you need to bring it home for less. That's what I like to hear. 'cause I'm a guy that likes to play ball. You're a jock. I am a jock. Yeah. I'm a jock star. I'm not a nerd. No. I like to beat. Beat up on the nerds. You're up for baseball, softball, and t-ball with essentials from brands like, oh man, Easton Rawlings Wilson Shop, bats, gloves, cleats, gear, and so much more. Academy offers free one hour in store or curbside pickup on orders, plus a 5% price match guarantee or choose same day delivery powered by DoorDash. Order by 4:00 PM Get it by 8:00 PM That's you want toss the old pig skin around. It's 4:00 PM You don't have football. Bang. Yeah. A couple hours later. You got it. Yeah. And then you're thrown around with a little Billy or a kid with a different name. Swing by your local store or shop academy.com Today. Get ready to hit it out of the park.


Baby. I'm so good at board games. You ever played a board game with me? I Haven't, but I Feel like, oh, I just destroy it. You Probably get really competitive. I do. And if I start to lose, I flip the board over. That's why I have an unbreak broken streak. I just always win because I just throw the board over, flip it over and say, get outta my house. Okay. That's mature. Well, yeah. So way to always win or never lose. Mm.


Well, If you wanna save time and win faster, you should do it with monopoly expansions. There are three new ways to shorten classic monopoly. Attach to any classic monopoly board, old or new to add a twist and win fast. This is it. Everything's happening faster now. They've sped up Monopoly. Hey, Monopoly does take some time. Yeah, I know. If you don't have time. Did not anymore. Yeah. Baskin piles of money and free parking be granted permission to cheat and steal and go to jail. Good Lord. Societal structures are collapsing. You can even experience the thrill of owning it all, including the bank in Buy Everything. What? Yep. We're teaching people good values. Shorten the game with monopoly expansions. All three packs are available to purchase now@amazon.com. Monopoly is a trademark of Hasbro.