
How hot do you like it? Firehouse Subs is churning up the heat. They've teamed up with hot ones to create two new sandwiches. The zesty garlic hook and ladder is the milder option. Can you believe that? Those still packed with flavor. And for the bravest spice chasers, the spicy dill hook and ladder sandwich is sure to be a three alarm ion. Well, Sona bla. You guys sampled the wares today? We did, yes. You had yourself those hook and ladder sandwiches. How were they? They Were great. And they had a Kick. Yeah, They did. I try. I did the zesty garlic hook and ladder. Oh. And, and I loved it. I took a walk in the wild side with the Spicy dill hook and ladder, and it was great. I loved Them. Well, I'm glad you guys enjoyed yourselves. Find out how hot you like it. Try the zesty garlic and spicy dill hook and ladder at Firehouse Subs. For a limited time, life doesn't go on forever. You gotta grab the moment, dude. Visit Firehouse Subs dot com to find a restaurant near you. Individuals sensitive to spice or the Carolina Reaper Pepper should not consume this spicy dill hook and ladder. Limited time at participating Firehouse Subs restaurants.


Sona, Have you met all modern? I have. Good. I'm I I'm Time you two met. Oh, AllModern has the best of modern furniture and decor. I knew you two would hit it off. Yeah. We were friends and all in one place. So refreshing your home for summer has never been easier. You know, sometimes it's nice to give your home a little summer refresh. You know, you bet little j Dunno how to spell that. Their team of modern, obsessed experts, hand vets each designed for quality plus all modern's fast and free shipping lets you upgrade your home in days. Not weeks. Not weeks. That's a promise. So, whether you're updating your living room or a re-imagining your patio, all modern has the very best of modern all in one place. Why look anywhere else silly. That's modern made simple. Shop now at AllModern dot com.


Hi. I am Adam DeVine and I feel exuberant about being Conan O'Brien's friend. Fall here. Back to school. Ring bell shoes. Bang, bang, bang. Okay. Okay. I'm doing it. I'm doing it hard. Stay there. I'm doing it hard.


I'm doing it hard. Stay there. I'm gonna do it hard. I'm gonna start the, I'm gonna start. Hey, Conan O'Brien here. Welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. And I'm watching Sona has a bag of popcorn and she's whipping it across the room. Yes, yes, Yes. You know what's Impressive? Sona started whipping popcorn across the room. Goly trying to catch it in his mouth. There was some failed attempts. I decided to start the podcast on the action. And what's interesting is Sona threw two accidentally. Accidentally. And one went into your mouth and now you're choking. Are you okay? I never met her.


One of 'em went in, which was very impressive. You okay? I am. Okay. Look, I never said we were a real podcast. You, You know, it's funny, it was reminding me of you were throwing popcorn across from I have two dogs. Loki's. Wait a minute. You'll see Loki and Odin. Loki's a mature 7-year-old dog. And one of his abilities is I can just drop a little treat and he can snap it outta the air. He's very good at it. Odin is a 1-year-old pup and a goof. And so I'll drop it for Loki and he'll just snap it just as you did right now, just snap it outta the air and then I'll drop it for Odin.


And he, it bounces off of his head. And then he snaps his mouth like two minutes later. He's just, he's a total clown. But he slowly, he's slowly getting the hang of it. And so I just had, when you were throwing the popcorn across the room, I have this ritual every day where I'm trying to teach Odin to be able to snap it. And I'm, I realized that you're slightly smarter than my 1-year-old dog. Thank you. But You know what? It was on me. I wasn't, it was hard to throw popcorn and I just couldn't get the trajectory. It's, it's not aerodynamic. Yes. I couldn't get that. It's long distance to get that popcorn there. Yeah. Yeah. But we pulled it off. We did it. We got that. You are you, you're a good food catcher. Hey, thanks. Hey, you're welcome, Pal. There is a reason. That's What my wife calls me.


She's just, you're just a food catcher. That's all you are you catcher? That was fun. I think we've got a loose vibe today. And I want people tuning in right now to know that we're a bunch of fun regular folk that just tos popcorn around. Oh, Now we lost all of it. Know we lost all of it. Whatever we set up, you just ruined it. I Just ruined it. Ruined it. Yeah. It was a nice moment. That's okay. And I Had to get on. Can I throw popcorn at You? Nah, I don't think so. And you didn't even mean in his mouth. You just wanted to pummeling With you wanna use a different food. Take a handful. Yeah. Super hot fried chicken right off the frying pant. Ah, burning my face.


Scorching it. Yes. Hot soup. Hot. Really, really hot. Sweet and sour soup that you throw at me with a hose. I'm just, I'm glad that we're happy and we're having a good time. And that the, I'm gonna just say it. I don't use the word vibe much, but there's a good vibe today. It's like we're just a bunch of pals having fun. That's all. A bunch Of goofy, goofy pals. Throwing food. Yeah. Throwing food around. That's nice. Hope we clean up afterwards. I'm not going to, 'cause I didn't throw any. Oh. But that means I have to, Eduardo and I, By the way, are the people who have to clean up the studio. So I don clean that Out. I don think there's allowed in here. No, I'm gonna say, I'm gonna say that's on Matt and Sona.


They should have to do that. Think that's, I would never No, we can do it. I Just ate all the pieces on my seat. Well, Eduardo is the head of the studio. Eduardo, is there food allowed in here? Typically we try not to allow food here. But for you guys for these aren't Food. I have. These are props. I had no idea. Wait a minute, Eduardo. I've never Heard this rule. Excuse me just a second. Oh, Eduardo has the floor. Now I also want to preface again. Eduardo is the genius who designed this beautiful studio that everyone compliments us on. And so, again, props to Eduardo. I knew that we weren't supposed to have liquid, But it's just good studio etiquette to, to not have food or drinks in the studio. But this isn't your typical studio anyways.


It's a podcast studio. So we kind of built for some food. I, No, hold on a second stuff. So that's really a recording thing that you're not supposed to have food around. 'cause we've had a ton of food in here all the Time. Again, You've never said a word. Technology. You're, you have never said a word more traditional. No, because, You know, it's a good vibe. So I try to just, You know, he's cool, dad. But like, You know, for example, if I were to bring in a goulash, Would You have said something, a big hot steaming goulash in a big ceramic bowl and then just been like, goulash for all I like I slopping it around Coca-Cola And Mentos. Is that cool? That, that? Yeah. No, that would not work. Like I said, it's, it's a podcast studio. It's, it's whatever you guys want it to be.


Just Well, no, I, I respect your both as a, both as a technician and a craftsman. I respect the work you've done and I wanna honor it. And maybe we should honor Eduardo by not having food in here anymore. I'm cool with snacks. Like, like anything that's contained. That's why like, I prefer she was Throwing the food across the room. But you say, okay, let me list some foods. Goulash. No. Probably no. Okay. Just a, a big BBBB. Boiling. Meaty Stew. Definitely. No. Okay. Tacos. Tacos. I'll Allow it. Chowder Tacos you allow. But what about my beloved Boston chowder? Yeah. Get Outta here.


Mecal. Palomas. Yes. There we go. Oh, I see a trend here. Wait a minute. It's allowed. This doesn't feel fair. What about a lot of corn, beef and potatoes outta Here. Oh man. What about some quesadillas? Oh, yes. More please. I see what's going On. Some Armenian. Grab the go. Grab the go. Depends on the day of the week. Okay. Is there such Grab the go. What is it? What is gr What would be an Armenian dish that I should have yelled out and don't say? 'cause I know there's a lot of dried fruit. Hush Hush crush. Hush. It's hush Hush hush. What's that? Hush. It's, It's a hoof soup. Soups. What? Don't Come on Lama June. Lama June. Let's just go. That's the pizza.


Hosh. We've talked about this. It's, You know, it's like a peasant dish kind of. They take all the parts of the animal that they didn't eat and they throw it all in a, but don't say in a soup. It's hoof. You wouldn't have, you wouldn't eat the hoof. Yeah, you could eat the hoof. It's hot. Can soup. It could. There a ho. But hoof is what? Hoof is a hardened collagen. It just melts down. I Think. I don't know enough about it. I know there's gonna be so many Armenians mad at me, but I I always grew up thinking it's hoof soup. Maybe there are no hoofs. Okay. All right. Maybe he just got a bad name. Eduardo is busily searching for it on the internet. Oh, it won't come up. I don't even know how you spell it. Yeah, it's the, you have to go on the dark web. I don know how you Hey. If you want some, if you want some hoof soup, you don't just go on.


You don't just type that into Google. You gotta know a guy. You gotta know a guy who knows. A guy who knows a horse. Okay. And I also don't know how you in English, how, how you do the KH Sound. Yeah, I, I tried Kh. I think you do it an X. Oh, I see. A SH Hush hush hush hush, hush hush, hush, hush, hush hush. Yeah. That's a good excuse. I'll use if, You know, I tell my wife, I'm like, hush. And she's like, don't you tell me to be quiet. I'll say, just wanted some hoof soup. That's worse. It's, it's, so I did find it actually. Ah, how K-H-A-S-H or the way you spelled it. So, okay. And it says, hush is a traditional Armenian soup often made with cow feet or other beef parts Cow feet.


Wow. They can't mean the hoof though. Well, there's no other real part of the foot. Yeah. It's gotta be, you gotta You gotta use the whole part of the, the whole cow. What's hawks? So is there saddle in there? I mean, what's going on? Okay. Well, There's no Saddle. It also says it's often consumed as a hangover remedy. Yeah, I bet you have a little of that and you're like, I'll never drink again. Anything. Nothing's going in my mouth again. Once you got a hoof in your throat. The idea of consuming anything again. All right. I'm gonna get this show going. Kinda get this show going. My guest today has started such TV shows and movies as Workaholics Pitch Perfect. And the Righteous Gemstones.


He also has a podcast called, this Is Important. Hey, that's a great title. Yeah. Which releases new episodes every Tuesday. I'm excited he's here today. Adam DeVine. Hey, you did the pause. Welcome. I did the pause. I did the pause. Yes. Our long National Nightmare is over. Yes. There's a slight pause. They refused to say my name because I think you were exuberant about being someone else's friend and then remembered it was me and I could see the life leave your body. Well, I, I I am bad at reading. Not much of a reader are you? No, No, no. You put me on the spot reading.


I'm gonna make my own. Actually, when I was a kid, they thought I couldn't read because I would like kind of read ahead a little bit and then make my own story up. Right. And then they're like, he's an idiot. He can't read. And then they put me into class, like a, a remedial reading and they're like, we think he can, he just is making his own shit up. Like He's highly creative is what he is. In third grade, I had heard that there was this Evelyn Woods speed reading course where people and I, there was advertised on television where you could read really fast. Oh, I thought that was so cool. And I just went to school and told people I could do it and they were like, prove it. So I picked up a book and I flipped through the pages really fast.


Yeah. And I wasn't reading, but I was flipping through it really fast. 'cause I was trying to, I was embarrassed. So I was covering for the fact that I had said I could do this. And then I did it with another book and another book. And then they asked me what the books were about. And I was just saying stuff that kind of sounded like it would be the book of you're the book about George George Washington Saved the day. Yeah. You know, saved the Day. It was. Yeah. And so, and they were like, wow. And they told the teacher, Mrs. Solid, and they said, Conan's a speed reader, he can three. He just read three books in like two minutes. And she came over and saw what I was doing and basically said, you're an idiot. This is bullshit. Knock it off. And I remember being That's cool. So embarrassed. I turned beet red. Aw. And I said, I'll never do a stupid thing again. More red. More red, more red.


Wow. Yeah. And I was drinking that day. Yeah. Adam, it's a thrill to have you here. Good to be here. I remember you first came onto my radar because my assistant who's with me today. Yes. So Ian and joins me often. I remember she was my assistant. And from the day you started working for me, every day you would come in and you were constantly talking about this show Workaholics. Yes. And you were obsessed with it. How cool I was. I love that Show. Yeah. Thanks. And when I hear that someone that something else is really funny, I'm furious. Yeah. Furious. Okay. I understand that. You know, like, what, this can't be funny. How am I involved? And she said, you, it has nothing to do with you.


Yeah. And I said, am I in it? And You know, it was at that level of pathology. Did I, did I write for this or did they steal my journal and create a TV show? There must be some way. Yeah. You know, and, but no. And then she started showing me clips of the show, which was hilarious. And then I started having you guys on. Yeah. And it was a perfect mix of my audience, what you guys were doing, which was so inventive. And again, my favorite kind of television and entertainment is when good friends are entertaining themselves. Yeah. And almost defying people to say, look, you can like this or not, but this is what we like.


And I thought that was Pretty cool. And I thought we'd start there because Sona, I love it. Yeah. You, you were, I mean, you had pi you had made like pictures and posters. Jesus did. It was crazy. Okay, relax. Okay. I Went to Adam's. I watched it. You went to Adam's house. You were outside my house smelling my underwear. Yeah. I was that weird. I was a fan of your show, so I thought I just drive, I remember say hi, how excited we were. 'cause you, you were our favorite. And now not so much. But back then with the intro, when I walked in, that's when it diminished. Exactly. And I'm like, Kimmel, you're number one. No, Adam DeVine. Dvo.


So we were super excited when we came and I was just telling, I had a, a Hollywood meeting a few minutes ago right before I came here. And I was telling the story. They were talking about Danny on this show. And, and I was like, oh, I'm about to go do that. And talking about you and how we used to do Danny McBride. Yeah. McBride. Yeah. And we used to come and do the show and how one time we were scheduled to perform, but then a portal to another realm opened up. And instead of us performing or coming on and being guests, a portal to another realm opened up and the wizards actually performed. Do you remember that? Yes, I do remember that very well. Gangster wrapping wizards from another realm.


And they looked kind of like us, but I wouldn't say identical. They had beards. Yeah. So yeah. That was, that was Pretty cool that you had them on. In our stead, I've had this theory for a while that oftentimes in show business and in and in life in general for anybody, you, you think that your destiny is one thing and it's your failure to get that. And you pivot and you get something that feels lesser to you. And that is actually the real path to where you should be going. And I know for you, you are, you were convinced when you went to college that you wanted to, was it UCLA? Yeah. Yeah. You, you thought, this is where I have to go. But it was too expensive.


You couldn't afford it. So you went to a different school. Where'd you Go? Orange Coast College. Yeah. Which is a community college in Orange County. Yeah. So you feel like, oh, You know, my path to my real future has been blocked because I don't have the money. I'll go here instead. And that's where you meet Kyle and Blake. So again, this proves this idea. I have that that wasn't where you're supposed to go. You went where you were supposed to go. Yeah. I mean, are are you and my mother are the same person because she says this all the time. But I do, I thought I had a new idea. I do listen to your mom's podcast A lot. Yes. It's good. It's Stank Talk sk talk with Penny D Hi Penny.


D Hi Penny. Yes. I, I, so, so yeah, we, we met there and it was like a, a kismet thing. I just thought Blake was so funny and so different. And he had a cute tight little afro at the time. He didn't have those. Look, now he's like kind of girls like think he's sexy, but that was not the case. Right, right. In community college. And he was very funny. And then Kyle, who ended up directing a lot of our stuff and is now a big director and he, we, we were like, oh, you guys make videos. I make videos. I'll show you my videos from high school and you guys show me yours. And then as they were showing me theirs, I like was sinking down in my seat.


And I'm like, there just are so much better than mine. Like the, the quality of their video. Because Kyle's just a talented director. And it was just me going like, I think if the frame just holds on me the whole time, that's a good shot. Hey man. Yeah. I think your way is my way. Also. I don't understand why I'm not in frame. So if the camera's here, that's all we need. And you can be off camera, deliver your lines off camera. So their stuff was so much better. And then, and then it was kind of off to the races from there. And then we just sort of clicked. And it also was the type of thing that when you spend, when you're in your like, I mean we are teenagers, we're 18 years old at that time.


When you're that age, you spend 100% of your time Yes. With those people. And so we just had so many inside, like the way that we talk and the way that we communicate with each other and is so familiar that I think when we finally got our shot, people were like, oh, I can tell that they're great friends. I wanna be part of that program. The C chemistry was all there. Yeah. You had done your 10, what Malcolm Gladwell would call it. The 10,000 hours of we've, we've done all our stuff, which I'm gonna go back a little before that, which is something I wasn't aware of, which is you went through a pretty traumatic experience when you were a kid. Two. First of all, you were Catholic.


I'm still reeling from that. Yeah. And You know, that's, and and David, you went through Catholicism as well. Yeah. Yeah. We, I Have a, I have a 1-year-old now and my, my, my wife was like, we have to get him baptized and I know other, no other way. So I'm like, yeah, he's, he's Catholic. And my wife was like, no, he is not. Yeah. And I'm like, he's just, I might as well just make him Catholic. I don't know. Yeah. Like that's what I know how to do. You kneel, you stand, you do this thing. Yeah. It's that, that's the thing. And no, that is not how we're raising our son. No. Yeah. My wife is Episcopalian and was not raised in the Catholic church. But when we had our our kids, I was the same way.


I was like, You know, they will be Kristen in that Catholic church. Yeah. And It just came out of me and she was like, well we can we'll all sunshine That all of a sudden you're, Yeah. Like something took over my body On the third day, Jesus rose again. I rose in the air, I spun my arms went out and they were, and thank you Liza, for going along with me on that one. It made my folks really happy. That's cool. But it's funny because you do this show about megachurches now and it was a hilarious show, which we'll talk about. 'cause I love it. And Danny was on talking about it as well.


But it is the polar opposite of the Catholic experience. Yeah. Did You know when you were and going, when you were at Catholic, going to Catholic masses, did You know that there was such a thing as megachurches out there? I think they were just sort of starting by the time I was like, when I was a kid. I don't think they really existed. Right. In like the eighties, early nineties, I don't think. Or If they existed, they, they weren't quite what they'd Become. They weren't. Yeah. And then, and then I remember in high school when I'd have to go to church and, and then my friends would go to church and they were just Christian. They didn't even, like, there wasn't like another thing that you said. It wasn't like, I'm Christian, but I'm Catholic, or I'm a bi just Christian.


Yeah. They're like, we're just Christian. And I'm like, what? And they're like, and we have rock climbing walls. And I'm like, What? And they're like, yeah. And there's a cotton candy machine. Yeah. Yeah. Huh. Do you, do you eat a wafer? No gummy fish. Yeah. Swedish gummy Gum fish. Gummy fish. Yeah. Yeah. No. And it's also like, there's music and, and who's playing fish? Fish is playing and there's a light show And lo and loaves. Where does this happen? At the sphere in Las Vegas. I want this religion. Hard benches and, You know. Yeah.


Terrible. It did seem very cool.


Hey Sona, do you own a business that's ready to thrive? I do. Well, it's time to let Intuit Quickbooks take things like unpaid invoices and tracking expenses off your plate to take things to the next level. Make sense? I really want my business to thrive. It Should. It should. Intuit Quickbooks is an all in one business platform that can help with day-to-day tasks like invoicing and expenses. You wanna be worried about that stuff? That's Perfect. Yeah. That's what I, that's all I do. Yeah. Yeah. That's my whole business. It's your whole business. Manage and grow your business all in one place. Intuit Quickbooks, your way to money. Money movement services are provided by Intuit Payments Incorporated. Licensed as a money transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services.


Haven't you heard the newest fashion trend is finding clothes? It's such attitude upfront. Yeah. Haven't you heard The newest fashion trend is finding clothes that feel good and last. That's where Quince comes in. Their lightweight layers and high quality staples will become your new everyday essentials. Quince has all the things you actually wanna wear this summer. Like organic cotton, silk polos, European linen, beach shorts and comfortable pants that work for everything from backyard hangs to nice dinners. I like those kind of pants. I think I'm just gonna hang out in the backyard. Or maybe I'm gonna go to someone's funeral. Either way I'm all set. You don't have to change. Don't have to change. It's looks good. It's fine. Hmm. Yep. I love items from Quince. What do you like? I Love everything from Quince and I shop from there often. Everything is really great. Great quality at a very good Price. And you wear the pieces. I sometimes, David, many of the time I've stopped you and said, Hey, that looks nice. What are you wearing? And you've said it's Quince. Quince. Yeah. Yeah. Stick to the staples that last with elevated essentials from Quince. Go to quince.com/ Conan for free shipping on your order. And 365 day returns. That's almost a year. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/ Conan to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/ Conan.


This is an ad for the active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. And You know what? That's a mouthful. Yeah. It's, that's a lot to say but I did it. It's a lot of word. You know what, it's a mouthful because it packs a lot in. Hmm. You can earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases with it big or small. So whether it's buying tickets to the game with your mom or grabbing a coffee with your dog, my dog doesn't drink coffee. Earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases made with it. Learn more at wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply.


You went through something very intense that I didn't know about, which is you were on your bike and you were seriously injured. Yep. Kablamo, what Happened? Cab mode is, the medical term was, you could just dumb it down for the rest of us. I was kablamo. We got a kablamo here. I saw that. There's an episode of the Pit where they go, we got a kablamo. We got one Kablamo coming in. He's fully bla When he Tracy sees it feel better quick. So what happened? Because it's pretty Heavy. I I was hit by a cement truck as a little boy. I would You were on your bike. I was on my bike. My Are you guys squeamish? Nope. Squeamish. So holy Shh.


Oh my God. God. Yeah. So it looks like uncooked chicken, but it is my leg. And is that With skin grafts then over it? Yeah. Yeah. That skin grass. So the, the skin was ripped off and the other leg a little better, but it was half the leg. And I broke everything from the knees down that laid to reconstruct my legs and then my left femur and then some ribs and I punctured along and was bleeding out of my ears. But then they're like, no brain damage. I begged to differ. Yeah. Just Based on your work. Yeah, totally. Yeah. Yeah. The doctors are looking at workaholics.


We might have gotten it wrong 25 years ago. We've pitch perfect workaholics. Wait, are you looking at cat scans? No. No. Just the work. No, his filmography. So I mean, we're laughing a lot, but horrifying. And were you on Yeah. Were you unconscious for a long time? Yeah. A couple weeks. It was a medical induced coma. And then, yeah, just so I essentially I lived in the suburbs and three cement trucks were going up the hill as two were coming down or some version of that. 'cause new houses were being built everywhere. Yeah. And my friend was across the street street and he yells, come on as in let's go.


And I took that as coast as clear and he goes, come on. And I'm like, okay. And I walk out after the third symmetric passed. And so I couldn't see the other side of the street. Oh. And was hit. Oh. And I flung, I said 500 feet. 'cause that's what my mom told me. And that's what's in my Wikipedia page. But then I, I did another podcast and I think Theo v was like 500 feet. That's so far. And I'm like, It's really far. Yeah, I guess it is. He goes, how far is the longest field goal ever kicked? And it was like 162 feet. And I'm like, I wasn't kicked. My mom's a liar. Yeah. I don if I was even hit by, It's me saying I'm a speed reader. Yeah.


I went a hundred miles. Yeah. It was my mom like trying to z up the numbers of me getting hit by a cement truck. She's like, it was 500 feet too. It wasn't even a small amount distance. It was 500 feet. Oh, penny. And it wasn't, it wasn't 30 tons, it was 80 tons. It was 80 tons cement truck. So one of the heaviest in the world when You're hit by a cement truck as a kid and you get that kind of damage, you don't need deda. I know, I know, I know. He was Also carrying dynamite. Yeah. And he blew Up. Yeah. And then he had a gun on him and he, she shot him, he shot him in the lake. So he couldn't tell. So he couldn't tell. He was in the lake, so he couldn't tell. And then the funny, no, I mean funny. But I was hit in one county and landed in another because, because the, the road was the dividing line between the counties.


So that was the fun thing that we gotta talk about. Oh my God. So the recovery process, because you are in a wheelchair for a chunk of time. Yeah, For about two years. Oh, it was, Oh my God. Middle school was really cool for me and it was kind of a cool, cool experience to be the cripple kid. Yeah. So I was in a wheelchair and I would get on crutches and then have another surgery. I had something like 26 or 28 surgeries during that time. And yeah. And then, and then my eighth grade year, so that was the summer going into sixth grade. And by eighth grade I played football.


Wow. And by the way, the worst guy on the team, it was the coaches being like, he can play. And then they're like, you're a defensive lineman. Yeah. So it's just me just like going, ah, and then our quarterback getting sack or you're Just, your entire body is made of recently healed bones. Yes. Doesn't sound like a good idea though. Who would let you play Penny? Who would let you Play football? My doctor actually. My mom was like, if the doctor says you could play, you could play. And the doctor was like, I don't, I don't see what's wrong with it if he wants to play. And my mom's like, son of bitch, oh my God, who dare you? Kill up. And then I, and then I played, but You know, I was, I was really, really bad.


And then, so I thought I was gonna be like this athlete as a kid. Yeah. I was like, that was my whole, You know, I'm like, I'm gonna be a professional baseball player. No one in my family is athletic. So this was a pipe dream. But that was my, my goal. And then after I was hit, I, I always, my, I have a very, very funny family and I always liked making people laugh. And then I started to call into radio stations and I would call into the radio station in Omaha, 1 0 6 7 the Edge or 1 0 1 9 the Edge. And I would do different voices and different characters. And then that became like a, a little thing on the radio. 'cause you're confined, you're like, this is you at home, wheelchair, maybe not going to school all you can't be having fun.


So this is what you Do. Exactly. And this was sixth and seventh grade. Wow. And then they were like, come on down, we want you to be part of the, the drive time hour. And so my mom loads me into the minivan, takes me down there, my legs arent, can't bend. So they're fully just extended in front of me. She picks me up, she puts me in the wheelchair, wheels me into the radio station. And they're like, oh, we didn't realize you were a crippled child. Jesus. We thought you were an adult man. Oh no. By the way, a sad, weird adult man who only talks to us in character voices. But we didn't know you were so we can't pay you and have you be part, You know, we can't have you on staff, but we can pay you in like cranberry CDs.


I have, I have all the Cranberry, which accepted currency still In parts Cranberry wallflowers. Oh my God. Yeah. All the good, all the hits and then, and then like free concert tickets. And so then that was sort of my segue into comedy where I was like, oh, it's you can being funny. You can do cool things and get cool things that Yeah. That is the crucial moment I think for a lot of people in our industry is the moment you and some people realize it or know it really early, but the moment when you realize, wait a minute, there's a use for this thing. I do. Yeah. I just thought I was, You know, entertaining slash annoying my brothers and friends to no end all the time.


And then someone links it to, that's great. Here's a cookie, here's a free T-shirt. Wait a minute. Yes. Here's a, here's a job here, here's a job there. And it's, you can't believe it. You Can't believe it. I, I could not believe I was so excited. And the fact that my mom was getting her hair done, she was, she has this beautiful poof penny. And so she was poofing this thing up at the salon and I came on the radio and someone in the salon said, oh my God, I love this guy. He calls in all the time. And my mom was like, Ooh. And and I remember once that happened I was like, oh, I can, my mom like, I'll put some shine on the family by doing this thing.


'cause I'm not gonna be the professional athlete that we all thought I was gonna be. There's still time. Yes. There's still time. You're a young man. Yeah. Cornhole is getting In the competitive Do you have any residual pain from what you went through in your life? Or is that all behind you? The physically No, up until maybe three years ago, I would say. Yeah. It's basically behind me. Like I have a creek in a knee or whatever. But in the last three years it was crazy. I, I suddenly start to have spasms and my muscles will get super tight and the doctors couldn't explain it. And they told me at one point that I have this autoimmune disease called stiff person syndrome. Oh. Which is essentially like a, a death sentence for the most part.


And people die within like six years usually. And so they told me that I had it and they told me I had it a month before be was born, my son. And I'm like, this isn't a cool thing to say to me. So I'm on the toilet at 4:00 AM looking at videos of people with stiff person syndrome. I'm like, I I, I don't want this to be my life. And then, and six months go, goes by or then, then they tell me, well maybe you don't have it. 'cause I had one of the markers, but not the other marker in my blood. And they're like, maybe you don't have it. And then six months goes by and I'm shooting gemstones and they're like, we do think you have it. So I then I went to Philadelphia and I met with the oldest man alive who coined the phrase stiff person syndrome.


He's like the guy. And he told me I absolutely don't have it. And it's all residual from my accident. Oh my God. But it's, it is a weird thing where like that's Harrowing. Yeah. That I can't, I mean, I, I, You know, it's a weird thing because I still want to act and want to do all this stuff, but I have a hard time standing for more than like 15 or 20 minutes at a time. Hmm. And I can't run and move in the same ways that I could just a couple years ago. So I'm, I'm doing a wild amount of physical therapy and Yeah. And that kind of stuff. Like now that I'm in between, You know, jobs, I'm still writing, doing all kinds of other stuff. But as far as being on set goes, I'm just like physical therapy, body work, acupuncture, chiro, cryotherapy.


Like every, everything. So I'm in the midst of it now. It's, I mean clearly you've been through, you went through this massive injury. But it is just true. The, the best analogy I've ever heard is that when you're born, you're dropped into a current that's taking you in the right direction and very powerfully. And you just get bigger and stronger doing absolutely nothing. You know, and then as you get older, the current starts to slow and then it comes to a standstill and then it starts to go the other way. And so you actively have to work at staying just where you are. Yeah. And I thought, yeah, I think that's the best description that is Of the Agent process, which is I do a lot just to stay where I am.


You know, it's not, I used to work out a lot to like look strong and get muscles and now I'm like, it's just like holding, like holding weights. Yeah. Like just isometric holds and just all this Yeah. Stuff that I was like, I'm never gonna do this. Now I work out like I am an 88-year-old grandmother, like, who's just like, doesn't want both of her hips to snap if she misses a stare. You have, You have pool noodles Totally. With a bunch of other old ladies. Absolutely. Totally. I just have my hair in a hair net. There's nothing to do with it. He needs Yelling at you. Your noodles hitting her noodle. You Go to the salon with Penny now? Probably. I gotta work on my penny in here.


Yeah. Well I have to say, I wouldn't know any of this. 'cause I mean, in all your work, but in, in your latest work in gemstones, you're just always so physically present and funny and great. Yeah. Thanks. You know. Thanks. Thank you. You know, And Yeah. And you, You know, we've covered you. Do you meet the fellas, you guys do workaholics. You start to get traction, pitch Perfect when Pitch Perfect comes along and you are up for this role. You didn't even really know what the role was. Is that true? Yeah, that is true. I, we were shooting workaholics and it was, they were like, the producers really like you for this pitch perfect movie.


You should go audition. And I'm like, I don't have time. Like I have my own TV show, I don't have time. And they were like, make time. This is a real movie. It's universal. Go. And so we made it so I wasn't shooting the scene after lunch, so I could go during lunch, I could drive my ass down to Santa Monica, or I think it was Santa Monica audition and then get back before I had to do the scene later in the day. So I'm like, All right. And I go, and I am looking at the sides as I get there. And I think it's a baseball movie, I swear to you. I think it's Pitch Perfect. I think it's a baseball movie. I would, I'm like, that would be my first assumption. Yes. I'm like stretching out in the parking lot. Like, All right, maybe I gotta ha And then I see all these guys singing and I'm like, that's not gonna help you with a baseball movie.


Posty. Look at these losers. Oh boy, I feel so someone didn't play baseball in the fifth grade. Oh my God. And so, and then I actually take a look at the sides and I'm like, this isn't baseball at all. There's a lot of singing in this baseball movie. And so I go and I, I do the, the scenes and it, it went well. And they were like, what song did you prepare? And you had not prepared anything. I had not prepared anything. And they're just like, well, it's whatever like song that, You know, a lot of the words to, we just want to know you can carry a tune. So the weirdly, the first song that popped into my head was Whatever Happened to Predictability, the Milkman, the Paper Boy, the Heating and tv, which is the full house theme song.


Yeah. And, and then somehow I got, I have no idea. I walked outta there. I'm like, they all laughed really hard, but I'm like, I didn't prove I could sing. I don't think they wanted like a 80-year-old jazz singer to, to be the lead Of. I love that there are leads, actors out there listening right now who are furious. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, who do everything they've gone to to Julliard. They can, they, they find out, they research the role and then they hear you. I don't know, I thought I was sing. I don't know. I guess I'll do the full house theme. Predict you're hired. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. Well, I'm learning the more. Yeah. Yeah. I felt like I'm definitely way more prepared in the things I do now, but I think there is a special, if you could care less about most things, it goes better if I think when you care too much and you're too wrapped up, you get emotionally tied to a thing.


Yes. And you like, you want it too much. And it comes off as like a weird manic energy when you come in the room, you're like, Hey, how's Oh, pleasure, pleasure to meet you. And you're talking to the, the casting director or the producers, like, I don't wanna hang out with this guy on set. No, they can smell it. Yeah. There's a pheromone you put out when you, I when I auditioned, when they had a test for me for the late night show to replace Letterman, I was a writer on The Simpsons. Yeah. C You know, had no business even auditioning for this thing. But l knew me, dah, dah, dah. He said, You know, maybe whatever, a Gump bunch of sort of things came together. I thought, there's no way this is happening. So I went into it thinking, well this is fun.


I'm gonna pretend to be a talk show host. Yeah. And yeah, that was the spirit that I did it in. That's right. And then a couple of weeks later, ring ring, you're replacing David Letterman at 1230. And I was, I was completely unlaxed for the next two years. Yeah. Once you have the job. Once I had the job, You know, I have to actually do it. Hello everybody. Welcome. I hope you like the show. We're gonna try our really hardest. I hope you like it. It's gonna be good, I Hope. Yeah. Oh my god, this guy's awful. And then, You know, you the vol, the sheer volume of it knocked that outta me. But the I know what you're talking about. Yeah. You just are. It's better. You didn't know. I th I think so. And I, I've, I mean now as my career has, has grown and, and gone on, I, like, I'm definitely more prepared with things, but I still try to bring that energy of like, I, I've been around long enough that if this thing doesn't go, I'll find something else.


Or I'll, I'll put another thing. So like, don't put too much pressure on, on one thing. And I think it, I think it helps, I have this me weird ghost memory of hosting the MTV movie awards and I did something with you, but I don't remember what We did. I'm sure there's a, I do you, I have no memory. You came and like, you were slaying on the guitar and then I came and helped you sing this. Like, I don't remember, I don't even remember. It was such a fever dream. You know what was so Crazy is all I remember about that is I said, yeah, I like to try things. And they said, Hey, do you wanna host the MTV movie awards? And I thought, that's funny. Even then I was old, but I was like, oh God no. But You know what I mean?


I was just like, okay. Sure. And all I remember is they put me in something that hides you and it f and it lifts up and reveals you as like rock music plays. Yeah. Rock arpeggios play. And I remember just a voice going, gentlemen here, MTB. And just before they said my name Smoke started to fill the chamber. And I'm like, what the fuck? 'cause they didn't do that at rehearsal 'cause they wanted smoke to billow out. And I you're like, I just, yeah. I just knew then that this is insane. I did, I shouldn't be on one of these shows, shows where there's smoke. I hosted me, but you werent. But thank you for helping me. Of Course. Yeah. I hosted the MTV movie awards in like 2017 or 18 or something like that.


And I'm dressed as the, I didn't have, I was shooting a movie, the Game Over Man with the Workaholics guys. And I didn't have time to do a lot of rehearsals. So I flew down the day before the, or the day of the event. And we just rehearsed the big opening sequence in the morning. Just that morning. We only ran through it twice. And I'm dressed as the, the Beast in Full Beast Makeup. And I'm like supposed to walk down the stairs. And then I hook me up to a rig and fly through the audience and I tip over someone into like, he's dressed as a candelabra, I think it was Blake Anderson. And he falls in and the stage starts on fire. It's like a whole thing. And it, and everything has to be pretty perfect.


And it's a whole song and dance number. And I remember the crowd is Behind is the back of the stage. But I'm facing them. And then I turn around once the curtain's open and I'm facing them and I'm like trying to think of the lyrics like as Oh no. So I'm like sort of mouthing them. And I think the audience thought I was really nervous, which I was moderately nervous, but they're like, you can do it. You Can Do it Adam. Yeah. Like girls being like, it's okay. You got this, you got this. And I'm like, this is making, that's making it worse. It's making it worse. No, but it's a weird, it's a weird, Weird thing. Sounds like you've had plenty of these. I've had so many moments where I'd be suddenly become aware that my life is very strange.


Oh yeah. One was shooting a thing in a co in a open-top convertible Bentley with Mr. T out. And there was a scene that required us to be driving in the country in upstate New York. And he's driving and we're driving for a while and I fall asleep next to him. Really? Fall asleep generally. 'cause it takes, 'cause it, 'cause I'm, I'm tired and I put my head back and I, I fell asleep hard for like maybe two minutes. And I woke up and I'm looking straight up and it's fall upstate New York. Beautiful leaves are passing over my head and I turn my head slightly and Mr. T is driving in a car and I don't understand what's happening.


And I thought that's what show businesses some if you, that's, I mean that's what I love about it is Yeah. I when you have moments of, I'm just, I'm looking out at the sea Sea of what a bizarre of people. I just knocked over a human candelabra. Yeah. I'm dressed as a beast. What's happening? Yeah. What's going on? It's so Surreal that I had a, a surreal moment with you when you called me to do that bit on the movie awards or whatever you were hosting. I was in a hot air balloon. What? Yeah. I was literally flying in a hot air balloon with my ex-girlfriend at the time and we're soaring in the sky. And I get a call, my agents told me, Hey, expect a call. And I'm like, I'm getting on a hot air balloon.


And they're like, someone's gonna be calling you, you have to pick up, they're gonna be calling you. Pick up if you can. I'm like, I'm currently getting on a hot air balloon. Can they call in a couple hours when they're done? They're like, no, he's gonna be calling you. And I'm like, okay. And I didn't know who it was. I Could've called you later. I Know, I know. That's why I'm like, agents are just like, it's happening now. It's a game of telephone. I'm that's constantly like Conan wants it. No. Yeah. No, I'm It could Be, it could be in an hour. Yeah. So I'm like in a hot air balloon, I get the call from you and you're like, Hey, you wanna do this thing? And I'm like, yeah, I'm in a hot air balloon. You're like, weird joke. Ha ha. And I'm like, my serious. I seriously am. And then, and then we landed and we landed.


It was in San Diego. And when we land, we land in these like rich people's backyard and they come out with champagne and they're like, oh my God, this has never happened. You land in our backyard. Do you wanna race go-karts? And we're like, as they're like tying, they're like putting the balloon like deflating it and everything and we're like, okay. They have a full go-kart track that we just got our like race and we raced with their children for like an hour as they as they put this balloon. And I'm like, this is a surreal, like Conan just called me Yeah. In a hot air balloon. It was, yeah. It was a surreal, It's one of those things where God forbid a crime or a murder had happened somewhere around that time and you needed an alibi and you said, I was in a hot air balloon and then we landed and there was a go-kart race and I just tried to con it.


It sounds like a rock him up. Yeah. It sounds like a little kid who's just like, caught in a lie who just keeps saying stuff and then, and then, yeah. So I'm curious about Righteous Gemstones such a funny show. Did You know Danny McBride? Had you guys met before you started working on this thing? No. John, You guys have an amazing chemistry together. Yeah. Thanks. We're That whole cast. It's, it really is one of the great casts on television right now. And so, and and you all feel like you're so simpatico. And so I was, I was thinking, did You know Danny? No, no. I think he like, knew Workaholics a little bit and seen some of my other stuff.


And his writing partner, John Cher wrote for us on Workaholics for one season. Okay. So I think that might have been a connection, but he, yeah, he, he just asked if I wanted to be play his brother in something and we, he was like, would you mind coming? We've never met, would you mind coming out and, and having a dinner. And I went to Charleston and met him and David Goda Green and Jody Hill, and we had this nice dinner and everything. But actually the very first time I met Danny, he doesn't remember this really, but it was at the, this is the end premiere. Oh yeah. The movie. That's a very funny movie. Yeah. Very funny movie. And so we were at The's, like party Seth Rogan. Seth Rogan and, and everybody. And everybody Danny's in it.


Yeah. And, and so I'm at this after party and I'm like kind of, I was pretty early on at this point in my career, so I'm like really excited just to even be in the room. Yeah. And I'm like, oh my God. Like all these comedy heroes are here. But Danny, for me is like on a Mount Rushmore. Yes. Like I, I love the guy. And so I'm trying to like, I smoke weed but not like Seth Rogan does. Right. And so he's going toe to toe with, he's like, here, here. And so I'm like, okay, I can keep up and this through the cloud of smoke, Danny appears. And I go, you're Danny McBride. And he's like, yeah man, hey, nice to meet you. And I go, you are a bright shooting star.


I swear to you dude. I said, he was a bright shooting star. That's incredible. And then, and then he is like, All right man. And I went and grabbed my girlfriend and I was like, we have to leave. And she's like, why I'm having a good time. This is a fun party. And I go, I just called Dana McBride, a bride shooting star. And she's like, you're right. We do, we do have to go now. We need to leave Immediately. Yeah. You're not allowed to be here anymore. I love this whole thing where he, You know, he lives in Charleston Yeah. In Char. He lives in Charleston with his people. And they, I love that.


They've just, he was talking about it here on the podcast. They just live in Char, You know, like he's not nope. Not gonna live, not gonna move to LA any of that. We're just gonna make our stuff. And it's like, well he, He had lived here for years. Yes. So it's not like he doesn't have a, a base here, but he Yeah. They, they were just shooting, I think Vice principals. Yep. His, his series right before Righteous Gemstones. And they just by happenstance couldn't shoot where they, in Wilmington, I think North Carolina. And they had to shoot in Charleston and they really hadn't spent much time there. And they shot there and they fell in love with it. 'cause it's one of the prettiest places. It's really gorgeous. Yeah. And they all live on an island 20 minutes from downtown.


And when I was there, I rented a house on the water and, and everyone just drives in golf carts. It's idyllic. It is so fantastic. And Danny, to your point of like, us being such a great cast and feeling like we know each other, he does such a great job. And I feel like I learned so much from him about like being a leader. He takes his people out all the time. He does little parties, he does get togethers, he's, Hey everybody, come over, we're grilling at the house, we're gonna go swimming, we're gonna go out on a boat, whatever it is. And you really feel like you, you were jumped into his gang right away And it was Yeah. I don't, I'm not down with any of this. Yeah, That's, I'm so sorry.


No, I mean you're just putting something out there now that then expectations will be Raised. Oh yeah. It'd be really nice if you can invite us over for like food and parties and stuff. That'd be a nice, yeah. I'll arrange, arrange for a table for all of you at Paquito MAs. I will not be there. Someone who looks kind of like me will be there. And you guys will cover the bill. Arrange a Table. I would love a a a cone and impersonator just shows up Wig on his head. And you can see the strap that's holding his wig on his, under his chin. Yeah. Flip flop, chip, chop. All right. Well you guys have to cover this. Remember, Tony's not paying for it. Flip flop chip chop.


Yep. That's my The old tagline. That's The old tagline. How do you like being a dad? I think I haven't seen you since you Yeah. Became a dad. I, I mean, I love it more than I even thought I would. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's not funny to say that, but it it is true. No, it's okay to Actually, yeah. Have a human emotional feeling Occasionally. Like not often You're allowed One, one don't Like it. They don't like it. Yeah. It's, it's, it's great. And he, he, every day is so fun. How old now? He's 15 months today. Oh, wow. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Which is like, I never thought I'd be the type of person that was like, after a year to talk about months. But it is important 'cause you if, 'cause like at a year, if he can't say dadda, that's totally fine.


But by 13 months he's like a total idiot. So, so you really keep tabs on, on every little thing where I'm like, dadda dadda, let's Go. We're ready. Yeah. And you're taking another page off the calendar. Come on, dadda. I know you got it. You got it. But you'd be such a fun dad. I think I can see you. A a lot of it is, and it was, I, I mean, I loved being silly with my kids Yeah. And still do. Yeah. To their dismay. But I, I just ate it up with a spoon. I, it's so fun. It, it wasn't like, well, time to get on the floor and act like an idiot. I'm always on the floor acting like an idiot. Yeah. So there should be kids around. Yeah. It's weird if there's not Yeah.


It's, it's unreal. And I'm, I'm like learning new things. Like I can do a great Elmo. Oh. Like, he's like thrown for a loop. He thinks I'm possessed. I'm like, I, Bro, it's me. Elmo. Wow. That is good. That is good. I'm Like, come over here, play, put your toys away. And then he's like, yeah, it's the Best. That's kind of scary, actually. Yeah. It, I didn't know I had it. And then all of a sudden I'm like, I act like I'm possession. I like, I'm like, Elmo control Now you'll Go to the att m Yeah. You'll use this pin number.


Okay. Elmo. Elmo can create all kinds of Hell. Yeah. Elmo's a maniac. Turns out and Yeah. I, yeah. So it's, it's, it's been a blast. I'm, I'm loving it. I I'm so thrilled that you came by and did this. Me Too. I, yeah. I'm a, I'm a big fan. This was exciting. Well, I, I just, you've always been incredibly nice to me. And, and so just getting to hear you tell your story and take us through it is, it's so funny. I'm just imagining a lot of people listening to it who are big fans of yours, getting kind of inspired, who don't even know half the shit that you've been through. All The symmetric kids out there, they're like, ah, I can walk.


You never know. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you so much for coming by. Of Course. Yeah. Thanks For having me. You're, you're a fine fellow and please come back. I'm glad you came around on me. Yeah. Because this, it did, it didn't start, it didn't start off great. I'm glad you came around bumpy. I Sure can tell you when you walk in the door. I was mad. Yeah, I know. I noticed that energy. You know, and I like your work, but when I just got this energy of pure evil Yeah. You went Well, it's 'cause I, I went with the sue jacket. You went with the standard leather and it was, it was kind of a battle from there on. I hate that Whenever I'm wearing leather, just regular leather, tanned leather. And someone else has swayed. You're a monster. How dare they. It's Just, it's on, I feel threatened. Yeah. I feel threatened. Makes sense.


Hey Adam, thank you so much. Of course. Thanks.


When the world feels stuck in serious mode, fruity pebbles and Cocoa pebbles burst into unleash pure childlike creative energy. One awesome bowl at a time. And a shout out to my brother Neil. Yeah. Who is nuts. So for Fruity Pebbles and Cocoa Pebbles. Yeah. Many a time When Neil and I get together, even now in our advanced age, first thing we do is have some fruity pebbles or cocoa pebbles. Neil, I'm thinking about you. Eating Pebbles is a full sensory experience, delicious taste, mouthwatering aroma, vibrant colors and crispy flakes and every heaping spoon. It's amazing. At the texture's. So great. Those little flakes. Fruity pebbles are tangy and intensely fruity. Cocoa pebbles are rich and chocolatey just like they should be. 'cause it's cocoa like an instant treat. Pebbles cereals are loved by kids and adults like the magic spans generations. When was the last time you could say that about any product? Yeah. They turn every bowl into pure milk Magic. Fruity or chocolatey. That's my favorite part. Yeah. Make your breakfast lesson, blah. Yeah. More Yaba dba. Do head to your nearest grocery store to buy a box of delicious pebble cereal. Now don't do it tomorrow. Don't do it yesterday. Do it now. Yaba Daba Do. And the Flintstones. And all related characters and elementals. Copyright and trademark. Hannah Bara.


Man, You know what spring is to me. What? I'm not a poet or anything, but it's a season of renewal and quality rest. That's nice. Yeah. Really good rest. You know, winter's been so cold. It's hard to sleep in all that cold and the wind's howling. Ooh, that's wind. Yeah, that's wind and or a ghost. Well, winter's over and so is the excuse to hibernate. If you're gonna emerge from your cocoon, what they're mixing a lot of things here. At least do it well. Rested A new mattress could be the boost you need to face. Spring and Mattress Firm can help anyone sleep all night every night. Mattress Firm gets it done. Son. Experience quality sleep on a premium mattress. Mattress Firm will find you the right bed with their wide selection of quality mattresses at every price. Every single price ever imagined. Mattress Firm carries a curated premium selection of mattresses so you can get the upgrade you want. Sleep is important. Eight hours a night. If you can get it curing sleep, get matched at mattress room's, Memorial Day sale and sleep at night. Text Conan to 7 6 6 6 9 3 for $100 off your next purchase at Mattress Firm. Restrictions apply. See Mattress Firm dot com or store for details.


Occasionally. I like to reminisce about my comedy show Biz Past. Mm. This just popped into my head and it takes me back to this very particular time in my career. I, I just did, and we weren't even recording. And I did a bit and a very stupid, silly bit. And I'll explain what that was in a second. But it immediately reminded me of this time, I think back in maybe 1993 or 1994, and is when my show is first starting. And as you, a lot of younger people don't know this, but when my show first premiered in, in September of 1993, You know, I was very, it was new.


It was very raw. I was, You know, very inexperienced, very young. I was replacing the great David Letterman. So, as you can imagine, there was a lot of criticism and doubt. And people were like, who, who hired this guy? And it was Choppy Waters for quite a while and people thought we, maybe this isn't gonna work out and everything. And then Dave invited me on his show. His show was on CBS and it was the big number one show at the time. And this was a big deal to get to go on Dave's show and promote the show that we were doing a couple of blocks away his old show. It was a big deal. And so I was thinking of what to do, what stories could I tell?


And then it's just a total, 'cause I was always goofing around, it's a total joke in the writer's room. I mimed I acted out doing something where I said, what if I just went out? And again, I wasn't serious, but what if I just walked out there and David Letterman, You know, if David Letterman said, All right, well, this next gentleman took over our old show on at the Late Night Show that's on at 1235 on NBC. And I, I think, You know, please welcome Connor O'Brien. And there's, the band is playing Paul Schafer. And I walk out and I shake Dave's hand and I sit down and Dave says, so Conan, how are you liking the new show? And I say, and this is, you might have to check out Instagram for this, but whatever, but 'cause I'm act gonna act it out. It's at Team Coco podcast at Team Coco podcast.


And that I would say, he would say, welcome Conan and I, You know, how's it going over there at the new show? And I'd say, well, Dave, I gotta tell you, I just think, Oh my God, You glitched. Oh my God, why would you think this? What Is wrong with you? And absolutely freeze. And the reason this came to mind is just before I froze, I I, I used something I used to like to do is say, I gotta tell you something, I, and I would freeze. And I got pretty good at it where I could really freeze and commit to it. And the whole idea is I would freeze and I would not have told Dave beforehand or his producers or anybody. Oh my God. And so I was pitching this as, You know, the way I love to pitch this is the worst thing I could do.


Yeah. Yes. So I'm pitching this, the writers are laughing really hard. And Robert Smigel, who's the head writer at the time, and You know, brilliant head writer and everything said, you have to do it. Oh man, I'm nervous already. And I was like, what? I can't, and he's, and he said, you have to do it. That's not, and you'd goodness. And you'd just freeze. And I just knew that what would happen is I'd go like, well, Dave, I just think that I, And then Dave would like watch for a bit and go like, hello, Conan, Conan, Conan. And then he'd probably like, Paul, I think we have a situation over here. And no matter what they did, I would stick to it. And then Dave would just say, okay, I think we're, I guess we'll just take a commercial.


Yeah. And Robert Smigel Yes. You can deny it if he wants. Robert Smigel said, not only should you do it, you have to do it. Oh God. You have to do it. And I was saying, I don't, I don't think I can do that. I'm barely not getting canceled now. Yeah. In fact, we were canceled at one point for like 30 minutes in, in by NBC in Burbank. And then they realized they didn't have a replacement. So I, I mean, I'm not even hanging by a spread. They Had to stick with you. They had, they were like, we literally don't have another person drive around and, and try and find someone. But that's how bad it was. So I'm not just hanging by a thread, I'm hanging by a thread of the, a tiny thread that came off that thread.


Why Would, why would Rob Think that that's because Robert thought it was so great and revolutionary and would just, like, no one's ever done anything like that. It would be like an Andy Kaufman and I would stick to it and I would And you would never unfreeze the entire time. I would not unfreeze, they would go to commercial, they would probably just say like, get the fuck outta here. Yeah. I would go across the street and that America would in that moment realize he has broken the sound barrier of comedy. And I was thinking, I don't think that's what's gonna happen. So what, what did happen, what did happen is that I didn't do that. Okay. And thought of some stories probably best. And because I was new and nervous, I did, by today's standards, I did. You know, like that was okay.


I'm sure. Yeah. It wasn't, I didn't have the confidence or I think people hadn't tuned into my rhythm yet too. And There's no way to know which way Dave Letterman would've gone with that. He could've liked it or he could've No, he would've taken, I think he would it down would've Loathed it. Yeah. I think any normal person would've. And I, I Absolutely thought That was like, when he does it how We feel deranged. Yeah. Yeah. And so that's just for you comedy nerds out there. That's the world I was in where Robert Smigel and God bless you, Robert, still the funniest, most prolific, it's, it's Robert Smer, Jim Downey, take your pick. These are just insanely top of the best comedy writers, prolific and, and so essential to the DNA of my late night show.


That, and that he was pushing me to do that. That's crazy. And, and if I had said to him, okay, I am gonna do it, he he wouldn't have stopped me. He wouldn't have stopped me. Yeah. He wouldn't have said, oh, You know, he wouldn't have chased me down to the west side and said, wait, wait, I thought about it, I thought about it. Don't do it. And no, there's an alternate universe. I don't know if you guys in the sci-fi world, You know, way there's an alternate universe where things play out differently. There's an alternate, alternate universe somewhere where I come out and Dave says, Conan, how's it going there with the new late night show? Well, dev, I gotta be honest day. Oh my God. That would've, that Conan is just like working in accounting or something.


Although I do like this part where he's just frozen. You and I can just have a conversation. Yeah. But we never would've met For sure. No, that's true. But we have it now, so let's not waste this talking about him. Yeah. And maybe you and I could just, just talk about some mixed, Which comedy bit do you think triggered that memory from, do you think it was Sanitized Pirate or when he picked up the tissue and went tissue? I barely even know you. I did hold a wet wipe that's in a perfect square to my eye during one of the breaks, and I put it over my eye and said, Hey, check it out. Sanitize Pirate. Yeah. I do it sort of a La Robin Williams, You know. Yeah. Who's, You know, sanitized Pirate. Yeah. There's no, I don't know what's wrong. I need to go to a doctor and there is a hospital half a block down.


Yeah. From where we do this. It's very close to Medical Center. Yeah. You need to get me there. But that is just, I'm just telling, You know, longtime fans that that maybe there's a 1% chance it would've catapulted me into a new realm. That's the thing. Is there, there is that you'll never know. Tiny Chance where it could have been this stellar, almost pre viral moment, but there's also this big chance of like, oh, You know, it could have killed you. This is upsetting. Could've killed you. Yeah. Easily. Could have could've. It would've killed me. Yeah. It would've killed Me because there's no internet now. It's not like people can share it and be like, look what this guy did. Exactly. There was no, Would be like, something's Wrong with this guy. Yeah. And then cancel the next day. Internet can sometimes save you.


'cause people can be really upset about something and then they, the internet rallies behind you and they realize, oh no, no. People out there get what he was trying to do. Anyway, that's just something that came to mind. I wanted to share it. I thought that was worth our time. Oh, that's a nice memory. It makes Robert look crazy. I love you Robert. You're a genius. And who knows, maybe you were right. We'll never ever know. Peace out Tupac. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes, incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino.


Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aren Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick, talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Khan. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash Conan. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded.


Andy Richter here with a message from Toyota. Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025. According to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com And with dependable vehicles for any lifestyle you can get everything you need today while investing in tomorrow. Choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for deals today. Vehicles projected resale value specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Company, incorporated. Toyota, let's go places.


Dear McDonald's, your breakfast menu, fire tens across the board. I could be happy with anything even though I ordered the same thing every time. Thanks for not judging me. I'll try something new. Next time. Maybe Score a two for $5 deal on a sausage McMuffin with egg and more limited time only. Price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Single adamant, regular price.