
Supercuts knows what you think. It's a quick, cheap haircut. You can get almost anywhere. Well, you're right about quick. Okay. I'll give you that. Yes. I'm gonna give you that one. You're right about quick. But Supercuts is not that cheap. It's not a bargain basement chop shop. Like some discount options out there. You got the wrong idea about super cuts, if that's what you're thinking. Yeah. Super Cuts just happens to have 2000 reputable salons full of trained proficient stylists who give great haircuts at reasonable prices. Right? Not some cheap chop shop. In fact, if you were to imagine a brand that was visited by nearly 25 million people last year with a satisfaction rating of 96%, man, wow. I Wish. This podcast had that 96% satisfaction. That's a lot. That's almost everybody. That's almost everybody. Yeah. What, what brand would come to mind if you were thinking about that would Super cuts. Probably not But. it should. That's the point. Supercuts is super convenient. Their salons let you check in at a time that works for you. That's what I like to, sometimes I try to make a, an appointment at a salon. Yeah. And. I say, you know what? Time works for me. And the person on the phone says, I don't care. You gotta come in. When we tell me tell you to come in, that's when you gotta come in. Okay. Yeah. And I'm like, whoa, this isn't, so I'm like a salon for me. Do you happen to know where super cuts is? Oh, good. Then they go, girl Supercuts wins again. Super cut. Super convenient. The salons let you check in at a time that works for you@supercuts.com or just walk right in. It's your hair, it's your goal.


College students get 50% off Walmart plus memberships so you can get things like talkies, lab notebooks and socks delivered straight to your dorm deal. Ends September 13th to join. Now Walmart plus free delivery on college Essentials. $35 minimum for free delivery for eligible college and grad students. Ends 9 13 24 C term subject to change.


Introducing an SUV where everything for every passenger feels just right. The all new 2025 Infiniti QX 80. Wow. Infiniti's most luxurious, full-size three row SUV full of customizable advanced features. You know, SUV's quite handy. Yeah, they are store a lot of stuff. You got a family, you got a bike. Take care of it all with an SUV. Want some personal attention? Individual audio technology isolate sounds to the driver's seat. So if you're listening to me right now, you're getting the best quality cone and sound and biometric cooling technology automatically cools passengers in the second row. And you wanna keep those second row passengers quite cool. Discover you are just right. Visit infinity usa.com to learn more about the all new Infinity QX 80. Availability of features may vary by trim level packaging and options.


Hi, My name is Alex Edelman. And I. Feel apprehensive about being Conan O'Brien's friend Fall here. Back to school. Ring Bell shoes. Walking. loose the fence. Hey there. Welcome to Conan O'Brien. Needs a friend. I am the aforementioned Conan Conan O'Brien Aries. Okay. Oh, Brookline, Massachusetts.


Quite a life. Quite a life I've had, I guess it's joined to a close now. And I'm being joined by Sonos Sona, how are you? Can I ask a question? Go for it. This has been a while. Little can we change the name of the podcast to Conan O'Brien? Sono Ossian and Matt Gorley. Need a Friend. You know what, I think that's a really good idea. And Matt Gorley's is here as, as well. Gemini? Yeah. Gemini. Libra. I enjoy pasta and long walks on the beach with pasta. Your question, Sona? No. The answer is no. Oh. And it's not even up to me at this point. I think the great Adam Sacks, who's in the room at all times, our overlord, our overseer, he would say a terrible idea to change the branding at this point.


It would diffuse. And he's nodding vigorously. It's Also false 'cause we don't need friends. 'cause we have each other. That's true. Yeah. I'm just saying maybe Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Matt Gourley and Sono Mosan. Yeah. No, it just, it dilutes the brand and it's bad for merch. And listen, it's it bad for Mer. What if we just lose your name and it's just the two of us. Yeah. Okay. Good luck with that. And then meets a friend, And I would say enjoy the poor house. But this isn't Dick Kenzie in London. I Wish. There were poor houses still. What? Yeah. They used to throw you into the poor house and then you, it it's all, it's in every Dickens novel. Someone gets thrown into the poor house and you can't get outta the poor house unless you give the money back.


But you can't make the money back if you're in the poor house because You've stolen something. Is That how? No. Not even someone will just get into debt. And they would come by and they would say, we're taking you to the poor house. And they would throw you in and then you couldn't get out. For the longest time I've heard that term. I never thought about what it Was. Yes. It goes back to it's, it's, it's all over Dickens. There's so many things in Dickens I. Wish would come back. Poor house pickpockets. Where are all the pickpockets by the way? Street urchins. Street urchins. Yeah. There's so much good stuff. Old Hags. Old hags wearing tattered wedding dresses. Yeah. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. I I just, you know, you know that kind of thing. Just Bowls of porridge and Gruel. Yeah. May I have some? Please sir.


May I have some more? More porridge. More Gruel. No, don don't think he even says he just may have Some more. Sorry. Sorry sir. Are you guys doing the same person you're both doing Oliver? My guy are Australian. Okay. Yeah. I'm doing Hugh Jackman with Wolverine. That's, yeah. Oh, claw. You with me. C Claude. It's all fucked up. What I'm doing right now. It doesn't make any sense. Hello Deadpool. And I'm doing short day guy. Get to the chopper. Get to the chopper. I'll be right back. Zy nine millimeter. Oh, okay. I'll be back. It's like a Dickens Wolverine crossover. Yeah. Okay, good. Yeah, man. That Deadpool movie, I really did enjoy it.


I'm gonna just say that we're not getting paid to say that. Saw that with my son Beckett. We had a blast. It was really fun. And it brought me back to the time. I know, I've mentioned this before, but I always think about it. When I was in a gym, And I was really proud of myself. I've told you this, right? Yeah. And I was working out in a hotel gym in Atlanta. And I. And I was really like, Hey, I think I'm working out really hard. I'm, this is, and then I, on my peripheral vision, I saw someone without a shirt doing an insane workout where they were pulling up their whole body effortlessly. And I looked over at Hugh Jackman and he looks at me, And it like winked and was like, you know, Hey mate, whatever And I was, just thought, Jesus, my penis went up inside my body. It crawled up into my lung.


Never come out. I keep trying to lure it out with a little bit of cheese. Yeah. Your penis Eats cheese. Yeah. I'm sorry. My, my penis is, some penises are lactose intolerant. Mine's a real cheese eater. A real Cheese hat. Every time when I was dating, I'd drop my pants. Someone would say, oh, a cheese eater. Eh, That's very dickens. Yeah. Ah, Cheese eater. Eh. And my penis to be holding a piece of guta with its tiny little hand. Well, I've never more Emphatically put up a wrap sign. So let's go ahead To review. A Dickensian woman would see me drop my pants and go Cheese eater, eh. Cork likes it's Goa A You got a real milk sipper, right?


You Well, I'm So glad. This is why PBS won't underwrite our podcast. I always wanted to say supported by blah blah foundation for the arts. But no, they listen to my, you know, cock eating cheese bits, And. then we don't get the funding that I think we deserve. Yeah. Public funding. Yes. From the Angela Landsbury Foundation. Yeah. The country should pay for this, I think. Oh, they're paying for it. Listen. Yeah. They are paying in their own way. People are paying all 11 i Man, I really wanna keep applying for grants. We should, let's start applying for grants. Yeah.


Okay. So that the money would come, would be taken away from programs In schools. Oh, like Nova in in, in programs like Nova And, I would get it and then people would be outraged and they would listen to the podcast. Like why? Why is he, well let's check it out. Maybe it's educational. So if you like, you go to Rio Goda, Eaton Kroo brought to you by a generous grant from the WM K Foundation. Oh, 50 Senate hearings. Sir, are you aware? Brought to you by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. They're not together anymore. Ah. There's no transition here. Is it just the Gates Foundation Now, is it? Yep. Good. Cul-de-sac there. Sona. Good instinct. Just as I get into the intro.


Really good. Well time to get into the intro. But Are Bill and Melinda still together? My guest today doesn't give a shit about Bill and Melinda Gates. He's hilarious. Comedian, who's Emmy nominated comedy special just for us is now streaming on Max. I'm excited to talk to him today. Alex Edelman welcome. I've come in hot today. I don't know what it is, but I feel like I have scores to settle. Oh, and then you just happen to be here when I'm in this mood. I'm excited. I'm, I'm like, I'm a fellow Brookline. So it's like We should explain what that is. 'cause people probably think it's a weird, we We both sleep on Brooklyn and she, sorry.


If that's a competitor to one of your sponsors, But, It doesn't matter. We drop, we lose sponsors left and right. We, I'll explain first of all, much to talk about And. I wanna start by saying before anything else that I saw your special of your show, just for us spectacular. Absolutely amazing I know that it is Emmy nominated and that's why I wanted to get you in here to talk. We're gonna talk about this special 'cause I have a lot of questions for you. but I think before we begin to move on to I think more important areas, we should discuss the fact that you, And I have a lot in common, which I found out the first time you were on my show.


Yeah. You leaned over and you was like, I'm from Brookline, Massachusetts and my dad's a doctor and knows your dad. And my, I'm from Brookline, mass. My dad's a doctor. And we both fled that legitimate profession. My father called me the next day and he went, oh, you were on Dr. O'Brien's son Show the other Yes. What? And he went, yeah, Dr. O'Brien's son's also a comedian. I went, this is a criminal misuse of the word also. I was like, yeah. And he went, you know, he is a good doctor. And I was like, well, his son's a good comic. And he went, yeah, I would expect that. 'cause the dad's such a good doctor. You know, he's Really, I love this struggle over what our true identities are.


It was truly that though. He was like, you know, he still practices really comes in. It's a different my dad with as if it was he's part, he's in a different grade at the school. He was like, you know, it's a different department, but he's got a lot of respect. Like, my dad's a cardiologist, so So your Father is, and my dad is a microbiologist. Yeah. So I think my dad, the way I've heard it, my dad's first day kind of working at Brigham Women's Hospital in Boston was the, I think 1954. Wow. And my dad is, I just saw him two days ago. I hear that was two days before they let the women in. It was just Brigham's. It was just Brigham's before that.


Yeah. It was the, it was the Peter Bent Brigham then, and they changed it to Brigham Women's, sorry. And the whole world went to hell. But, but yeah, he, he worked there from like, I think he worked there for something like 65 years. Something crazy. And, but it's cool. 'cause every now and then I bump into people who sort of, obviously they know my father and they respect my father and they're not that interested in talking to me. Yeah. I get the same thing where people will come up to me on the street with a crazed look in their eyes. I'm like, and I'll be like, hi. And they're like, your father saved my life. And I'm like, oh cool. Check out my special. Yeah.


How'd you like the show? My father, by the way, if I ever, if I ever referred to it growing up, I would say Brigham's. And my father would go and Women's And. I'm like, what's the difference? Well, Brigham's is an ice cream parlor and Brighams and Women's is the finest medical institution in the United States. Like, he was very serious about it. But my, my dad's been practicing there for a very, for a long time. Not nearly as, as long as you're your father, but, but feels great if any for it. It's funny 'cause all my memories are our family. There's six kids and my dad drove this really rusting out Chevrolet Impala four door with a squeaky steering wheel. And my childhood memories are my dad getting us in the car to run a quick errand.


Me and a couple of my brothers maybe. And what he would do is he'd, he'd go to the laundromat, he'd go to this place and then he'd say, I'm just gonna, he, he abbreviated minute and he'd say, I'm just gonna take a min and pop into the Brigham. And so he would park the car and he would go into the Brigham Women's Hospital to like check on his bacteria, see what they were up to. And he would leave us in the car. And sometimes 45 minutes to an hour would go by and then he'd come back and we'd be pissed. But you couldn't complain 'cause he was doing, you know, he was saving lives. You said it was gonna take a min But. it took an er. It took an er. Yeah, it took an er That was a full er. And, but that was my memory of is And.


I was thinking you wouldn't leave a dog in a car that long these days. but I have this memory of my father shaving in the car on the way to work with an electric razor. But with both hands in the mirror while we're going down Route nine. And I was like dad road. He'd be like, I my knees, I got it. And, but he's like shaving, like shaving like this. Always so busy. Always. I think my dad has been on call for 32 years. Yep. don don't think my father has never, my father had a beeper until like Unre. Yes. My, my father had a beeper, And I thought I remember as a kid, like in the seventies, my father had a beeper 'cause he was on call. And I thought technology will never advance any further than that box on his hip that makes a noise so he can go to a payphone.


We were growing up in insane in synagogue. Like on sat. I went to an Orthodox Jewish synagogue and my father's beeper would go off in synagogue and you could tell who was new based on who turned around and be like, what is that very electronic noise in the no electronic day timeframe. Some people would turn around and my and my brothers be like, he's a doctor. He's a doctor. Don't worry about it. Just chill. He's saving Lots. Ready, chill. Re Gets you get shut The fuck. You know, I had, I had ant seen experience 'cause I'm obviously super Irish Catholic. I'm growing up in Brookline, mass and the different public schools, they had real identities. And the one I was supposed to go to Heath school was very kind of Irish Catholic.


All the kids played hockey. It was all, it was kind of where I was supposed to go. I don't know why. I think my mother had got into a fight with someone at the PTA. Something happened And, it started with my brother Luke. He was sent to the Driscoll school. The Driscoll school in Brookline was surrounded by four, literally on, on four sides. There are like four temples. And so it was predominantly Jewish. And I was the kind of, oh look, there's this orange haired kid named O'Brien. Yeah. And isn't this funny? He's Catholic. So it, I was suddenly, I was invited to, I think I went to definitely many, many, many more bar mitzvahs than any other confirmation or anything like that.


And the, the parents all thought it was hilarious that I was there and they would like pinch my cheeks and go look at this. You know, go. He is here. This is crazy. Look at his hair. And I. Just, I don't know. The whole thing was, I remember feeling very exotic in a town where there were plenty of Irish Catholic kids, but I, all my friends, all my friends were Jewish kids. It was So funny. 'cause you went to BHS. Yeah. Yep. So Brooklyn High School is like, it was two minutes and a whole world away from me. 'cause I was raised Orthodox. And so I remember watching the show when I was like nine, 10 years old, being like, he went to BHS and And I was so jealous of the kids who went to BHS. 'cause in my mind, not only did they not have to pray three times a day, they also let you host a talk show on national television.


Like, that was my conception of everyone who went to BHS. I'm like, eventually they get to either general manager Red Sox or, or have their own television show. Pretty much the entire class. Yeah. It was like, wait, does everyone take a turn? because there was like hundreds of kids in that school, you know? No, We all got, it was guaranteed if you went to Brookline High. And so, but that was, that was a great lucky thing for me because I, I think very early on, got very comfortable around Jewish kids and really kind of, Which helped with like Jeff Ross and stuff like that in front. Exactly. Because you knew they run show business with an iron hand.


I've gotta make a phone call real quick. But Our producer Yes it did. No But it, it, it was, it was a nice accident for me that I went to Driscoll school, I think, and then just became sort of more involved in going to Bar Mitzvahs, things like that. Because, and this may sound strange to you, But, it all felt so much more relaxed than Catholicism. It felt a little more don don't know what And, and you may not feel that way. But, it felt more, oh, I definitely don't, but, okay. Alright. but I Yeah. You're, but look, I, I totally, it's so funny. Brookline does feel like, like sometimes people say that New Yorkers seem Jewish, even if they're not Jewish or something about the milieu of it.


And I always felt sort of similarly about Brookline, which is that if you're from Brookline, you were both Jewish and a little bit sort of Boston Irish Catholic at the same time. Yeah. Like you had, 'cause you go to, you go to synagogue and you have these thick Boston accents. You know, I have a, like a fervent memory of like being in synagogue. And there's a part in, on Friday night Services where you turn around and they open the door in the back of the synagogue and everyone says a brief prayer towards the back of the door. And then you turn back. but I, just remember someone hesitated getting the door and someone in the congregation in the middle of very, very like, distinct Hebrew prayers. They went, Steven, get the do And. I was like And. I was like, how someone with like the voice of like a father O'Leary.


Steven get the D like Six syllables indoor. Get the d How Did this guy get into the temple? I was like, wait, that's the rabbi. Yeah. Yeah. It's The rabbi. It's the Rabbi Sean, Sean Han. Oh my God. Oh man. I Just love the idea that the, the rabbis going on and on about the Bruins. He's like, All right kid. So Hashem has this problem, you know, But first He's gotta go to Dunking. What Duncan, There was, there was a kosher Duncan down the street. And when it opened up it was like, oh my God.


The, the headline and the synagogue newsletter was like, man lands on the moon. Like Kosher Duncan opens on Route Nine. There's a Kosher Duncan, There's a Kosher Duncan on Route nine. And we were just blown by the way. I, everyone was excited. And I was like, wait, what's not kosher about Dunking? No. So I Know. Finally Someone got the shellfish out of the donuts. It's Ld. Apparently it's lard. It l in the Donuts. You know, I've gone to that Dunkins. I think I know which one you're talking about. I know And. I've enjoyed the donuts. Not knowing that they were kosher. We, the first time I was lucky enough to do, to do the show, the TV show. I did stand up and then I, and then you were like, come over and sit on the couch, by the way, blew my mind. And I Remember being like, don't cry, don't throw up. Just like do the thing.


And I sit down and we're sitting there talking about like little Brookline landmarks and stuff like that. I'm like, oh, the house with the yellow roof. He's like, yeah, the house with the yellow roof. And like, and afterwards I came out, I came out from my friend Morgan who came with me was like, what? What were you guys talking about? Like if I told you you'd either be upset or think I was lying to you or just like wouldn't make sense. Like little tiny places in Brookline. There is such a neighborhood. It's such like, it's such A thing. And I still get sentimental. I, I, as I said, I was just there this weekend and Wow. Still driving around and stopping off and going to the old spots. It's very powerful. It's a very But it don don't know if you had this experience. It's a wonderful place to be from.


But when I was 16 years old, Couldn't wait to leave. All I did was And I actually said to people, I can't wait to get out of this dump And. it was because I was very ambitious in 1617. Like, I gotta get out of this shit hole. You know? Like I like I'm from some, Which you immediately accomplished by going to Harvard six minutes away. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. Boy you really fled the coop. I sure Did. you know what I did? I hopped on a train like a hobo. I got a And I went six miles To Cambridge. I gotta spread my wings and take the 60 bus, seven sobs. Literally I know how they do. You know, by the way, Boston though is a great place for me to grow up because I think maybe it's a specific time I grew up in, but people, like my parents genuinely were just like, they gave me a pair of roller blades and let me go.


And when I was like 11 years old, I would just like roller blade around and like take the train and take the bus. And like if I was interested in comedy, I would like sneak into the Lampoon archives. Yep. 'cause those kids were always drunk guarding the door. And I would like sneak into like go to the county library and see like Sergeant Shriver and Doris Ks Goodwin speaking and like, it was that time. And I was at the Red Sox all the time. 'cause I got a job there. And that was the perfect time in the city. Was just medium sized enough that you could eat almost all of it. Yeah. If you were like curious enough, And, I worry that like don don't know. There aren't many cities where, where like parents give their 11 year olds a pair of rollerblades. 'cause nobody rollerblades anymore. Anyway, that one homophobic Joe killed it. And then like you just like, and and just be like, get get outta here.


Go find something that you're interested in. I don't think It's the city though. I think it's the time because I was just driving down route 9, 2, 3 days ago. My brother Neil's in the car and we pass this little shed. And. I said, oh, I used to wait for the bus there when, when school was over in third grade, myself, Virginia Chapman and Isabel Zimmerman, we were this little tiny third graders would walk down to this little shed and wait for a city bus to come by. Not a school bus, a regular bus, and get on it and then take it down to our, to this stop that dropped me off at my house and then them at their houses. And. I thought my wife would never let Third, never our kids kids in third grade.


Like when your day at third grade is up, wander down to the highway and get the bus that goes into Boston and just make sure you get off on your stop. Yeah. See if you can hitchhike. If it doesn't work, you know, just like try. Yeah. If there's a van, just get in it. Maybe he's got candy. but I hitchhiked home all the time. Genuinely. Like the tea would stop at like 12, 15 if I wanna stay. I'd be like, ah, I just hitchhike. I'm like 16-year-old, 15-year-old at like a comedy show, right at like a Dick Doherty's comedy vault or something like that. And be like, the show's going to 1230. I'll just be like, anyone here want to take me a new bile young teen home? You know? Sorry, I'll make it worth your while.


No, well come on. It's the way to get a ride. So he was the actual predator in this situation. Okay. So for the people from Brookline listening, this has been a thoroughly, thoroughly enjoyable. Yeah. Sorry, can we put this at the end and everything else? This episode is Actually just going out regionally Now for Newton. So what do you think of Wellesley and Sharon? Yeah. We're gonna work our way slowly out until we get through the entire United States.


You wanna watch your favorite TV shows and movies on a TV whose clarity, color, and contrast really shines through. You need Samsung Ole. Yeah. No, it's not some Swedish monster. It's Ole Let Samsung OLED immer you with unbelievable details and picture quality. Their AI powered processor Upskills your favorite movies and shows in brilliant 4K resolution. So even old content looks amazing. And our podcast has never looked better. I've seen my podcast in Samsung. oled, my face comes out through the screen. Oh, I'm there with you. Don't be afraid. That's what I really look like. This is the only OLED TV validated by the industry leading color experts at Pantones. So you can experience colors as they're meant to be seen. They know colors that Pantone one of my big pet peeves when watching TV is glare. I hate glare. I hate it too. Yeah. I have to wear sunglasses sometimes when I watch tv. But the oled, that doesn't make sense. S nine five D has OLED glare free technology so you can watch with almost no glare. You know, I'm a big gamer. I love me games. Yeah, I love my games. I love SLE Busters. I love playing Cosel Sizzle. Cosal Sizzle. Oh, I'm really good at that one. And I got to level nine. I visited the planet. I have Adonga. That's why I'm excited that the Samsung OLEDs Motion Accelerator delivers ultra smooth 144 hertz motion. And the AI auto Game Motel is your game settings to its genre. My video game skills have never looked better experience to be the way it's meant to be seen with Samsung oled. Visit samsung.com/oled to learn more. Upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experience may vary according to types of content and format.


Sona


Miller Light keeps it simple. Yeah. I do unbeatable quality, great taste only 96 calories. I've counted 90, counted eight, not 97. You counted the calories in it. Yep. I have a special machine. Only 96 calories. It's the beer that strips away everything You don't need and holds onto what matters most. It's the original light beer since 1975. People always think, is it great taste or is it less filling? Hey, how about both? Hello? Yeah. Dingdong. Can I come in? My name's Hello. You don't have to choose what's best. Miller Light has great taste and is less filling. Tastes like Miller time. Oh yeah. In the middle of Miller time. Yeah. I look at a clock. I see, you know, 12, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, and then 12 again. Yeah. My favorite part of the dial Miller time. Okay. If people ask you what time it is, do you just say Miller time, every single Time I say two hours to Miller Time. Hour to Miller time. Miller time minus two. Let's try it. My kids. So when people say what time of the day were they born? I say, well, my daughter was born Miller Time plus four. My son was born Miller Time minus three. And then my wife's in the corner crying. You don't have to choose what's best. Miller Light has great taste and it's less filling. Tastes like Miller time to get Meite delivered right to your door. God, I love America. Visit meite.com/ Conan or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories per 12 ounces. Fewer cows and carbs than premium regular beer.


As a B2B marketer, you know how noisy ad space can be. It's noisy out there. Yeah. If your message isn't targeted the right audience, it just disappears on the noise. Like a little crouton in a giant storm. With LinkedIn ads, you can precisely reach the professionals who are more likely to find your ad relevant. With LinkedIn's targeting capabilities, you can reach them by job title, industry company, and more you'll have direct access to and build relationships with decision makers. A billion members, 180 million senior level executives, 10 million C C-level executives, I Wish, I was a c-level executive. Start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. That means business to business. Mm. They'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco to claim your credit. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions apply LinkedIn the place to be, to be.


I think you came on the show twice to do standup comedy and obviously I thought you were terrific and you have flourished and then you do this show just for us. It is quite spectacular. One man show where you really tell this amazing story. I encourage everyone listening to to watch it. It's quite brilliant. What amazed me is that the heart of the story without don don't think giving too much away. You can say what you want. Okay. Is you decide to attend a meeting that you found out about on, on Twitter, I think. And it's in, is it It's In Queens. It's in Queens. And it's a it's a group of people who are trying to preserve Yeah.


Pride in white identity. White Identity. Yeah. And so, yeah. You know, you, They're not crazy about Jews. Not to spoil too much. You guys are, you Preserve white identity. You're being So kind about it. They're white. They're white nationalists. Nazi sons of bitches. Well I know. But Listen, we have a lot of people listening right now. And I don't wanna offend anyone. And. Mr is Brooklyn. We've gotta keep everybody under the tent. Okay. You know, Michael, Michael Jordan said white nationalists by sneakers too. You know, you know Some of our response, who knows? You know, I just gotta be careful. White Nationalists sleep on Brooklyn and two. Yeah, yeah. They wear it over their heads. They say they, you know. Right. I'm sure white nationalists are Eating up the BetterHelp.


Now look, if you're a white nationalist and you're listening, you're welcome to, If you want sheets to cut holes in brick line. Sorry. But Here's what's amazing to me. You, you go to this, it's a true story of you in 2018. I think going to this meeting, you don't really announce your full identity and you're accepted into the group. Although one guy has his eye on you, but you act this whole thing out. And there's lots of terrific, wonderful asides and cul-de-sacs. It's not all just about this, this one night. But to me, the, the feat, which really blew my mind is that the show is very funny.


And, it is not angry. Is that, you know what I mean? Totally. There's something about it. Totally. Which is you go and you experience these people and you bring them to life. I disagree with their beliefs violently. But you give them their humanity and you are not ranting and raving about them. You're experiencing them as human beings. And it's, it's very funny and delightful and not toxic. Empathetic. Empathetic. Yeah. So what I did when I started, I wrote, I started writing the show. And I had help my director, a lovely man named Adam Brace. We were talking once, my best friend for a long time, Adam and, and Adam would always reference what the worst version of the joke would be.


And so one day I was bored on a train to like a tour stop for this show. Early on, like literally February of 2020, like right before the pandemic, And I started writing the worst version of the show. I was already doing And I was like, what would be the worst and dumbest version of these jokes? One that was like desirous of victimhood and really angry and really tacky and really earnest or really cynical. And I wrote this like shitty version of the show. Like the sort of dark side crap version of it. And every so often when the show would change because the show would change every day, I would compare against the shit version. Sorry to curse the I know. No, No, no. We lost our deal with Nickelodeon I know. It's okay.


You know who doesn't like cursing is the White Nationalist. Yeah. Yeah. Well fuck you guys. But hey, phone lines lighting up. So Conan not understanding podcasts. Wait, don't you have a podcast where you talk to the fans on the phone? Like, isn't that, that's another one. Yeah. Okay, fine. Yeah. What do, okay. but I, I, so I would compare this thing, but yeah, I always, I wanted to show that wasn't gonna be about like, do you know Pauline Kale is Yep. Yes. Pauline Kale for anyone, One of the great film critics of all time. Yeah. I was reading a book of her reviews and she gave, and there was like little snippets of things you'd only done a paragraph on. And she gave a review to this movie about the Nuremberg trials called Judgment at Nuremberg. Yes. Judgment at Nuremberg. And she says, I hate this movie because it takes a brave stance against being a Nazi.


Yeah. And I wanted to make sure that I never did a show about neo-Nazis that took a brave stance against being a neo-Nazi. 'cause I assume that most people watching my show are aware that it's not amazing to be a neo-Nazi. Right. So instead of being like, what does a version of this look like? Where instead of being like an early, like The Daily Show in that, like when I was in high school and college to this tremendous job of being of sort of like Gotcha comedy with like exposing the hypocrisy of, you know, like people powerful Figures. Yeah. Politicians. Yeah, exactly. And folks. And, and even regular people who were supporting the folks, Syco frantically, And I was watching some of those clips. And I was, and wow, they really lost their zing because we know it now.


Like we know there's no surprise mean like, oh, a Trump supporter has double standards on morality, kills shock. You know, like it's really, yeah. And so I wanted to ask more interesting questions with that. Like, you know, that unique opportunity and also wanna reckon with the difficult truths there, which is that I am in some ways like, like some of those people or share a point of view on one or two of the things that they're saying or think that like, and so like thought that would be a more interesting show and a more humane show. Especially given the like rancorous presence that we live in. You know, I think it's also that kind of comedy to me is more durable. That's, I always think is the, is the prize to be shooting for.


So I thought this was really nicely done. There was a bunch of things that I, I noticed, which is your physicality on stage. You have a lot of energy and you are running around and you have sort of a comedic way of moving around the stage that was really making me laugh. Do you know what I mean? That know That's really nice. Yeah. Do you know what I'm talking about? It's kind of this, I mean, don don't even know what it's called. A DH adhd. Common. Is That it? Sorry. But, but yeah. You know, there it Is. Yeah. But you know, the funny thing is that I realized I, some of that's a bad ha. Some of that's intentional and some of that's a bad habit. And I, don't know any other way to, to, to bring this up. But Adam Brace, who is, who was who And I know it's coming 'cause he, he he he helped you bring this to life.


Yeah. He is my director. And, and, and, and like I said, my closest pal, we worked together on three solo shows and he passed away right before we started on Broadway. And so, you know, and so that sucked. Yeah. And, And he passed away very suddenly. It was a shock. Yeah. It was very surprising. And I think actually very inconsiderate of him given that he had work to do. But that's okay. Really not commensurate with his theatrical responsibilities. But, But, but Brace, he told me when it was okay to move and when it was okay not to move. Like there are moments in the show that are very, that are very anchored and still, and then there are moments where you run around and it's good because it puts a contrast on the moments where you're still, 'cause they're like, oh wow, that guy sure moves a lot.


And they're like, oh wait, he's really standing still for this. I guess, I guess this part's important, but like, I have always had help from other people and I've always like wanted also, that's the other thing. The show was socialized with like a million comedians. Like every comedian who came, I would, I would interrogate them for notes. Like Seinfeld came, And I was like, give me a note. All of these Was Seinfeld's note base notes in between scenes. Yeah. Because I found that to be offputting. Yeah. Yeah. The Michael Richards cameo doesn't really fit, but We Did have to cut around it. And I realized they were all anti-Semites going, going, going.


They're All anti-Semites. Although, I remember when Seinfeld came, I remember thinking, how did anyone ever kill Abe Lincoln? 'cause the whole time the crowd wasn't watching me. They were watching Seinfeld. And I was like, are you, wasn't there, wasn't there like, most of the people at the play were like, is Lincoln enjoying the show? Yeah. What is Lincoln, What does Lincoln think of our American cousin? Oh no, but look out. Like, but The weird thing is most of 'em would've known John Wilkes Booth. So it would've just been like, I think about that All the time. They would've literally thought like, oh, there's the president and you know, there's George Clooney behind him.


Hey, what did George Clooney just do? That's genuinely, I think about a cons. But the thing is, it's like, it's his brother. It was like his brother was Edwin Booth. Yeah. And Edwin Booth. He's a huge star. Yeah. And there's a theater on Broadway still named after Edwin Booth, which is like, how talented does that guy have to be? It's like, ooh, You know, welcome, welcome To the Mark bin Laden theater. And afterwards, we'll Afterwards We'll all hit the, we'll all hit Oswalds for a steak. Damn. I hate what his brother did, but this is fantastic.


Yeah. It's so funny you say that about your, about physicality because like other people, Morgan, the person who came with me to Conan said, are you worried that if you move around on stage, Conan will see that you're just doing him? That's a better friendship I have with Morgan. I was like, stood right there. Because like, I also think you are your influences. You're like, I'm a little bit like Brian Regan. Yeah. I'm a little bit like, not to give a little bit like you, a little bit like Gary Goman, who's another great comic. Like I I have stolen from the Diffuse. It's that, But the thing is, it's like, I, I just think it's, you know, I grew up watching Bob Newhart and Johnny Carson and both of them were so good at this kind of deadpan comedy and they got it directly from Jack Benny.


And they were like, oh no, it was Jack. What we're doing is Jack Benny. Jack Benny was doing someone that he saw when, you know, his, when he was a kid, probably on the vaudeville circuit, he saw someone else do that. And that person saw someone do it in the Civil War. Yeah. Yeah. So we're all riffing off of each other. And we even think we're doing that person, but we're not, because I keep saying it's her failure to be our idols that makes us come up with our own thing. You know Tom Leer? Yeah. It's like Tom Leer is 90, please if you're listening to this, don't drop in on Tom Leer. But he lives in Boston and like a couple of months ago, I was in Bo I guess a year ago now. I was in Boston. And I drove by his house. And I was like, you know what, I'll knock on Tom Larry's door.


And he's sorry. Do you know who he is? No. But it's such a, do you know Him? No. Okay. And he's in his nineties. Did, you have a weapon. Come with me Tom. He was like, It's the 1920s and you're insane. And we're allowed to use butterfly nets to take people away. He was Kennedy's favorite comedian. Yeah. And so like, I knocked on his door, he didn't answer And I came back a couple days later. That's, You gotta really lean into it with your shoulder. Give it a kick. If the door won't go, Hey listen, if if Tom Lara's door won't give right away, just really give it a kick. Yeah. Got him in a cage in the back next to I'm 92. Next to the last Smothers brother, you know, is just like, Tom, you were write for me.


But, but yeah. I mean like eventually he was at home and he is a curmudgeon, but, but he's he's nice in his way. And we sat and talked and next time I was in town, I, it was like email if you feel like coming by and saying prior notice. Yeah. Prior notice is key. Right. He thought it was the mailman. Which is why I opened the door. Which is really Of course the mailman outfit you were wearing. Yeah. Helped with that illusion. Special deal. I know how to get in packaged for you Lara. It's chloroform. You need to smell it to make sure it's yours. Go to sleep. Tom Lara. Ugh.


Sweet. I mean, what's more irritating than just like some millennial being like, hi, I've got some questions about your songs, about Ver von Braun. But like But. it was really, but he, but like, also comedy's such a young art form. Like I'm so amazing when you think about it. Yeah. Like Carol Burnett knew Lucille Ball and Lucille Ball knew Mark Twain. Like it's fucking crazy. Like they All knew each other. Yeah. It's like an all of paintings history was in, it was in a hundred years. It's like if you showed up at the studio and someone's like, van Gogh wants to try some new pieces. Is that okay? Van Gogh is gonna try some new pieces. And you're like, wait, do you know Picasso? Like, no. No. but I worked a couple months ago with this guy. He knows Picasso. He does. He did. He did. He used to paint my Picasso back in the, back in the seventies of the improv and now like, it's crazy.


It's really cool. They're all still around or they're sad in the case of, of like Bob Newhart, who I never met, but always revered. Like they just passed away. We get to breathe the same areas. These Folks Yeah. Bob was, Bob was everything you would want him to be times 10. Every, like, literally just, you'd want someone that brilliant and that thoughtful and disciplined about comedy to be an amazing person. And he was that a thousand times over. It's so cool to still, I wonder what the right balance of like fan and professional is. But now I don't try, I try not to pathologize it anymore. I'm not like asking for autographs and stuff like that. But like, I'd be lying if I said it's like I met Elaine May. Yeah. Elaine May is still Elaine May s performed for cad.


She and Mike Nichols went on before Marilyn Monroe at his birthday party. Yeah. Where she sang Happy Birthday Mr. President. Yeah. They were, they were on before that. At Madison Square Gardens. Yes. By the way, I didn't realize that was at Madison Square. I thought that was like in private and like got out as a rumor. I didn't realize it was on national tv, But she sang that I didn't it in front of JFK and JFK's wife and JFK the entire time. I was like, please she's she, she's right. She's sitting right. Tone it down. She's right. She's right. Next. Tone it Down. I Can also maybe Yeah. A little less with the cleavage. We could tone it down. Don't You don. She was actually not there. What? That ruins the joke. Is that true? Yeah.


She wasn't there. What? I was always convinced that that was the thing. No, no. She was not there. Was it a special for NBC though? Wasn't it a special, I Don't know that if it was a special, I mean I've, I've seen the footage a million times. But, it was actually a tour A million times. Yes. Starting Marilyn Monroe in a tight dress Going, starting when I was 13. Ending when I was 17. I saw it a million times. No, not ending when I was 17. By the way, Can you imagine the organizers I orgasmed to that this morning? Oh, well I am sorry. It does keep seem very on brand for you though. It does. If you would, you would. That is my porn. Yes. Yeah. Well, time to watch me again. Sing happy birthday to the President poster of Headi Lamar behind.


I have a question, which is, yeah, you've done this show, this was years in the making huge stage success. Then you bring it to television and it's nominated for an Emmy. And then there's gotta be this feeling of, well, I'm saying goodbye to this now because I'm moving on and it's such a Titanic piece of work. Do you have an idea of what the next thing is? Do you know what it's, yeah. I mean, I'm doing it and it's storing, it's not got a title yet. You know, the funny thing is that I sort of decided that it was gonna end because 11 months after Adam died, that's, I that 'cause that song you sit Shiva in Judaism. And also it was the weirdest thing.


'cause it's the best thing that's ever happened to me. But. it was braided with the saddest thing that's ever happened to me. Yep. Because like, I can't stress how close I was with this guy. He was the, my only significant collaborator for a decade. And and he understood me. It was like very personal relationship. And so the funny thing is, I I just couldn't do it anymore. But now I'm in this weird position of I'm doing my sh I'm doing this new show. I'm doing an hour and a half new hour and a half of standup And I feel his loss even more keenly because this is the part of the creative process where he'd be involved every single day listening to sets, giving notes, offering provocations.


And so I don't really have that anymore. So the short answer to your question is I'm doing the new show. Some of it's got to do with Israel and Palestine. Very easy topic. And I also like hard comedy. I like You've sold out, you're now you're just going for big laughs. Yeah, Absolutely. I told my agent, he is like, are you really gonna do that Israel pal thing? Keep threatening to do. He used the phrase threatening. He is like, keep threatening to do the show. Are you gonna do it? I was like, oh yeah, I'm doing it. He's like, great. Do you wanna call it like career suicide? He's like, that's a really good title. This could be at the risk of sounding whatever, not superficial, but Pollyanna. The, it, there's one way to look at it, which is that Adam Brace is going to be with you.


I think he was such a part of your collaboration, And. it sounds to me like he's gonna be part of everything I you do in the way that all these other people are as well. but Don don't know if that's true. Like, I hope that's true. And I think about that all the time because like he's not ai like the thing, the thing that made him special to me beyond the fact that he was deep. You know, we were in sync in, in our, in our sort of performance morals and had lots of different di dis but beyond the thing, the particulars that made us such good friends and collaborators. He surprised me constantly. And so, and so anything that that comes now from Adam, even if I have it, will be entirely within the realm of my own understanding.


But also you're, you know, it is comforting. I think that, that I but I also wish I'd listened more. I Wish, I'd paid close. I never thought it was running outta time. It was 42. It's like if two people made an album together and then the album went, one of them died and the album went bananas. And the person who was left over kept, kept having to do it. And it was changing their life completely. Yep. Like what a weird crazed experience to have. And someone called me like three days after he died And. it was like, are you looking for a new director? And I was like, I was like, buddy. And he was like, I'd Love to throw my hat in the ring. And. It was so, it was such a nice, it was such a nice thing to feel.


I said, You're so wrong for it. I said it'd be like hiring a pig to fly an airplane. Like you Can't do it. Like, there's no way. This was Seinfeld. Yeah. Yeah. Jerry was like, we gotta put the base in I Know. Newman Wanted to ask you. Yeah. Newman shows up halfway through. Newman shows up as one of the white supremacists. Yeah. Newman. Yeah. I did want to ask you about, you say it in the special And I believe you actually do it, which is you say in the special, I'm available to talk to everybody in the lobby after the show. Yeah. And no one does that. And the reason I brought it up, why it struck me is that it seemed like an impulse I would have.


Yeah. Which is I would want to talk to everybody afterwards. I don't know where my thing comes from. Where does yours Come from? I think it comes from you. No, I'm serious. I think it comes from the comics that I love. It felt like there was a person to person aspect to it. The comics that, the comedy voices that I, there was a sort of mystique in their utter accessibility as if sort of getting to where their consciousness lay was a collective responsibility. Where like, everyone's job is to figure out what's wrong with me. And so like, I, I always like that. And also by the way, I, this show is truly something I believe, like, I really believe that we need to have less rancorous conversations.


I do think that we live in this really toxic time where people with profound and fundamental differences have like, like aren't speaking to each other. Like there are members of my family who will not talk to me over Israel and Palestine. Like they just won't. Like it's a really And I think that like there is something to being able to have a conversation with anyone no matter what they believe. And like, I thought that, well if I believe that, then I should talk to anyone in the crowd who, when I started doing the show, was actually very charged. Like, people were fascinated with the, with one of the questions at the center of the show, which is whether or not Jews are white people have very strong opinions about it.


Jews are strong opinions about it. Non Jews are strong opinions about it. White people love strong opinions about people of color, of strong opinions about it. And for a while people wanted to talk to me about it afterwards or confront me until, by the way, I figured out things in the show where I totally explained myself. And that, and those questions died down somewhat. But like I made myself avail available to like, you know, stand by or argue with, you know, anything that like, and also it was, it was informing things in the show, which is so crazy. Which is such a gift that you don't get in like narrative usually it's like if you're watching Titanic and like at some point like Leonard DiCaprio looks into the camera and is like, people get really sad here where we hit the iceberg. You Know, like it's When we hit the iceberg, people are like, oh my god.


So like, or He looks and he's like, look, I know the door is big enough. Yeah. But I know This. I know. You think the door's big enough more. Yeah. This is more powerful. Yeah. So like getting that live feedback is really good. What Did you laughing at Specifically The door is big enough. Yeah. but I think part of him knew this relationship. We hit a high, it's not what are we gonna move in? We're gonna move into a walk up in New York. She, he wanted to die. I just think he knew Get out on a high note. That's a high take. I don did it. Level I know about that. We just did it in an antique car. Rose. Rose. Where are my shoes? Rose? Yeah.


Where are my shoes? I gotta go to the office. Right. But you lost them. Oh, I should have stayed the same. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Yeah. I could have lived a life of luxury. Yeah, you could have held onto the necklace too. His drawing, his drawings aren't selling. You Wanna go Hey there an antique car? We could go in the back and we could Nah, Nah, I don't wanna, She made him give up the art to go into insurance. I could have been Picasso. Picasso, my ass. Yeah.


We live in New Rochelle. Yeah. Yeah. Oh man. But I But it, it was, it's an ama It was an amazing thing. And also, you know, I had never done anything where people were coming up to me afterwards. And after a while it got a little intense where people were like, they really wanna talk Yeah. About this thing that I couldn't find people to talk about with, like, talk about identity and the vicissitudes of whiteness and what is, what is identity look like if you take victimhood completely out of the equation. And so like, people would've really good conversations with me and they would factor into the show. And by the way, people said to me they were upset about something. I always found negative feedback really helpful too. 'cause I'm like, well, I'm not quite connecting something there. I need to explain it a little bit.


And Adam And I would've these big discussions, huge discussions about what goes into the show, what doesn't go into the show. And like, it was a really, I I thought the, although the Q and a sometimes I would do Q and As if people asked and they were insane. Like people would, especially after October 7th. Yeah. Yeah. We were on tour when October 7th happened and my, my next shows were in San Francisco like October 25th. And people were just crazy on the internet after that. Mm. And so, like, someone was like, I'm gonna, someone sent me an Instagram DM or left a comment that was like, I'm gonna come to San Francisco on October 26th and behead you in front of your Zionist buddies. And I was like, Jesus. I was like, well we have shows on the 25th and the 27th.


And so like, I'm not gonna show up just for the beheading. You know, like it was Jesus also like a teenager in Tunisia. Like, he's fucking not gonna get his freaking flyer miles together and come and do it. Like Yeah, sure. But it was just that. And by the way, that's not a real threat, but like the V I'm just saying the volume was so high. Oh, yes, yes. Yeah. And so like, and then it was a little bit cathartic to do that show. It was a little bit cathartic to do a show about the requirement for, you know, the need for empathy in like a, although it didn't make me shut down comments on that specific post But, it it like the need for empathy in that time. Yeah. Like, I don't, I'm doing standup now, but Don don't know if it's a solo show yet.


'cause I don't know if there's like a thing that I feel this like desperate need to say that is both timely and timeless. Like, I've been doing this show for five years. Everyone's always like, what a timely show. Yeah. And I'm like, well, I guess, you know, I guess like how we speak to each other is something that we're always gonna be concerned with. Yeah. And like, it really, and sorry, the point of like I don know, I feel like it would be nice to figure out another way to talk about how we speak to each other and how we like listen to each other without being like very pope faced and like idealistic in a way that's not pragmatic. So like it's a really, Or also as we think we use this word before this term, self-righteous. That I think that's the part is when, is when in our anger, especially And I see it a lot in comedy.


People are like, I inhabit the right, I but I don't mean politically. Right. Left. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I inhabit the true visions. I see it. And if you don't, then damn you And I think now that's not, that's not what we're here to do it And also is boring. Yeah. Like, I think we're there like politically I think we're there where no one we're like brave things that are brave and things that are right might not be the same thing. Yeah. Which is interesting. Yeah. Right. Like, I have this joke that I've been working on about, and the joke's nowhere near Ready and But. It's about sort of how like, the only brave people left in New York City are Republicans because it's so easy to be liberal. Were correct.


Yeah. So like, it takes no like balls to say like, you know, all the stuff that a normal person would say, it takes balls is to look at like, look at all the, all the, you know, all the easy stuff to believe and be like, no, I hate homeless people. Let 'em die. And you're like, why? Taxes? You know, like it's a very Right. It's a really interesting I know, but I think that's a Jewish upbringing by the way. It's like a love of gray areas, a love of, you know, a love of nuance past the point where it's useful, you know, And dialogue and Yeah. Dialogue's also, you talk about this Too. Arguing. Arguing. Yeah. My Ben calls it productive, overlapping. Like, I brought a girlfriend home once and she was like, oh my God, are you guys gonna be okay after that fight?


I was like, what? That was dinner? And she was like, but wait, do you, are you guys still on? Are you got, do you need to like apologize? I was like, no. I was like, that's how we figure out how we feel. Like we scream at each other and someone make a good point. We're like, good point. You know, like it's a really, it's really Fun. Well that's where you And I part. 'cause in my house, no one ever openly disagreed with someone else. You swallow it and you turn it into a cancer inside your body. Yeah. Yeah. That's Iris hypothesis About that. And then you, then you eat a lot of ham and the ham neutralizes the cancer. That's the, i that's the I see. Stuff. So that's what we did. I think we got our, we got call this one 'cause Oh my God, I'm so sorry. We've for while we've been talking about that's what Called a podcast. This is great. No, I yeah.


You're you're being an insane person. This has been a fantastic conversation and I've said it before, but just for us is really special. And it's on Max. It's on Max, which I Should, you're familiar with. Oh, I'm familiar with Max. Just for us is, is is really a must see and it's on Max and Best of Luck at the Emmy's. And there, this is all the gravy part, like the Emmy's, it, those award shows, they work out. They don't work out. But you did the work And, it's really brilliant. And then, and then the next, you know, I i 1000% confident you'll find the next thing and you'll figure that out because good lord, you have the goods and it's really been a pleasure getting to know you a little better Today.


Can I say one thing, which is that the first time I got to do standup on television was your show And. it was, it still is like one of the best moments of my in, you know, entire life. And, it was such a, it was such a confidence boost and a time when I really needed it. And you were so nice about it. It was, and this, this is really, this was really, even though I'm apprehensive about being a friend, I really do. This is really cool for me. And that was, that was, I've got, I've got a cue card framed. I like it. It just, it meant the world to me And still does. I like that Back. Oh, no, no, no. We don't give those away. No, it's mine guys, thanks so much for having Me. Hey, Alex. A, a, a real, a real pleasure and best of luck to you.


There's nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you. Check this out. That's nice. Whether you're going on a weekend getaway outta the mountains, or let's say you're on a dream vacation, or in my case, a work trip to Thailand. It's just fantastic. Let me explain. It starts the moment you take off with free in-flight wifi. So you can stream your favorite show on the go. I mean, that's incredible. That is actually pretty sweet. I love that. I mean, that's insane. I'm always there with my credit card. You know, I can't figure it out. I lose the credit card. Yeah. The phone is stolen. Someone punches me. You start crying. I cry a lot when you land. T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands and an upgrade to Hilton Honors Silver. Mm. Plus you're covered with five gigabytes. Five gigabytes. That's more than four of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with the go 5G plus or next plans. These are just a few of the perks that feel like big wins when you travel with T-Mobile And. it, it's nice to stay connected to your family. I travel a lot, I do these travel shows. And if I'm filming another country I know I can get to my family right away. Yeah. They usually don't wanna speak to me, but they have to. They screen Your calls a lot, don't They? I suspect them of screening. Yes. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel today. Qualifying plan required wifi available on select US Airlines registration and Hilton Honors membership required for Hilton Honors Silver terms and Conditions apply.


This podcast is supported by FXs English teacher from Paul Sims, the executive producer that brought you what we do in the Shadows. Love that show English teacher follows Evan, a teacher in Austin, Texas who learns if it's really possible to be your full self at your job, while often finding himself at the intersection of the personal, professional and political aspects of working at a high school. FXs English teacher premiers September 2nd on FX Stream on Hulu.


You wanna watch your favorite TV shows and movies on a TV whose clarity, color, and contrast really shines through. You need Samsung Ole. Yeah. No, it's not some Swedish monster. It's Ole Let Samsung Ole Immer you with unbelievable details and picture quality. Their AI powered processor Upskills your favorite movies and shows in brilliant 4K resolution. So even old content looks amazing. And our podcast has never looked better. I've seen my podcast in Samsung. oled, my face comes out through the screen. Oh, I'm there with You. Don't be afraid. That's what I really look like. This is the only OLED TV validated by the industry leading color experts at Pantone. You can experience colors as they're meant to be seen. They know colors at Pantone. One of my big pet peeves when watching TV is glare. I hate glare. I hate it too. Yeah. I have to wear sunglasses sometimes when I watch tv. But the oled, that doesn't make sense. X nine five D has OLED glare free technology so you can watch with almost no glare. You know, I'm a big gamer. I love me games. Yeah, I love my games. I love Sizzle busters. I love playing Cosel Sizzle. Cosel Sizzle. Oh, I'm really good at that one. And I got to level nine. I visited the planet. I have a Jabon ga Gali. That's why I'm excited that the Samsung OLEDs Motion Accelerator delivers ultra smooth 144 hertz motion. And the AI auto game motel is your game settings to its genre. My video game skills have never looked better experience to be the way it's meant to be seen with Samsung oled. Visit samsung.com/oled to learn more. Upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experience may vary according to types of content and format.


Hey, we haven't done review the reviewers in quite some time. This is where I comb through the Apple Podcast reviews and we comment on the comments that they've made about this show. Yeah. It's payback time, right? Is that what you're saying? And by the way, you have to rate five stars for us to even consider these things. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I think that's a very good way to keep me in my bubble. Yeah. So that I think it's only five stars. It's, it's only five stars as far as you know, it's only five stars out of 100. Okay. This one I just feel like we need to discuss. Hmm. It's submitted by Bim.


B-M-K-L-H-K-D-N-L-D-G. I think a cat walked across the keyboard. Frankly. The subject is ypi and the body of the comment is simply this Yo get moist on. Yeah. Fuck to us. Is that, what's that? What does it mean? Is it, is that, that was my initial Reaction. They're saying like, this is something to get moist to. This is background music for fucking Is that, that's The thing we, we make, we do, we do. We do fucking stuff. You are what, what is happening with you? I feel like someone just hit you with nine Novocaine blow darts. You're saying that Get moist on What do you get moist.


I can't think of sexual. I think we are an i I think that we are a prophylactic. I think that the birth rate drops when Yeah. My voice is heard don Don't know. I go back and forth. I think it goes up when my voice is heard. You think so, huh? Yeah. Yeah. People are out there. They're fucking fucking to your voice. Yeah. So they're Cutting you too out. So What happens is they start going at it and then I cut in and go, well, another thing. And they go, Ugh. And they stop immediately. It's constantly getting erected, getting flacid. Oh Jesus. Stirring the conversation. Well, you do that fast enough. That's pleasurable for certain People. The way you acted it out with your finger acts like the penis goes out and then retracts. Yeah. You also, what's the Red rum?


Blinging. Blinging. Blinging shining boy. This is, you know, the penis. It comes out and then it goes back inside Another day of winter. Okay. I'm done. Well, okay. So that was the comment. That Was my interpretation. That's all. That's all we got from that. That's what A horrible country we live in. I Can give you another one if you'd like. Yeah. Gimme Another one. 'cause that person's That comment is reverted. Not a comment to get moist on. No. Okay. This is from KER San Fran. Subject is peeing is in my future. Oh boy. Thanks Conan. And team for being too funny. So much so that sometimes I'm laughing so hard. I pee a little. This is your fault. It was never something that happened before. And only is an issue when listening to your pod.


I hope it happens to you all someday soon. Great show, by the way. Hmm. That's really nice. First of all, I don't think it's our fault. This person may have a problem with their urethra. And it's important that whoever you are, you get checked out because our show I think is funny. But it's not Pee your pants funny. So I wanna say right now, if you've peed your pants while listening to this podcast, you need to see a urologist immediately. What if you've Peed your pants while recording this podcast? Well, that is something maybe you And I should talk about a little more. I just think that's, Do you think that he's he's he's a woman or she's a girl? Because if she's a woman, then maybe it's her pelvic floor.


Oh, a weak pelvic floor. Yeah. Can a man have a weak pelvic floor? I don't Know enough about men's stuff. Well, but I know all the better than hold forth. Keep, keep talking. I love it when most of, most of the media is people talking who have no idea. I know. I know what they're Talking about. All I know is from a woman's per, I don't know what it you do. You know I know. I know about the pelvic floor when it comes to a woman's stuff. I think for a man it's the prostate. Yeah. Or the bladder. And it's nothing to do with floors or ceilings. But You know, when people say this was pee your pants funny. Yeah. I've laughed very hard in my life. Never come close to that. So I always thought it was just a phrase, but not something anyone could actually do. I do. It can Be done. It can happen. Definitely. Almost peed and sometimes even peed a little when I laugh.


Why? And that would be around me. 'cause I'm the funniest person, you know? No, she's marking her territory as like, stay away. I don't think I've ever even come close to peeing with you around you. So you've laughed really hard, hard enough to pee. Yeah, but not around me. Yeah. Probably. Oh, come on. I am, I I'm like in the history books. So funny. And you're talking, what, what made you laugh so hard? You probably watched, I, I actually think I remember a time when I've peed and I've, I've obviously I was a little high. And then my f it was years and years ago. Right? This was before I even had kids. We were, my friend Christina And I were watching something and we did a d we were playing with the DVD player.


And I Pressed eject. And then the DVD player thing ejected. And then I walked up. And the whole time I was like, why is there even an eject button on the remote? And we laugh so hard. I, my god, I peed my pants. God, wait a minute. That's what made you laugh so hard. Oh My God. So she's saying you're not as funny as that. You're So, I've never risen to that level. I've never risen to Why isn't there an eject button on the remote? Why is there an eject Button? Have high, you get up and go to the machine anyway. Okay. What, what's the point of the eject button? But that's not funny. That's more just a question of like, huh. I wonder. Yeah, that's, I think you're confusing humor with a signs shed routine. How does the moon affect tides?


I'm just curious. Oh no. I peed myself. I'm maybe it. Yeah. Oh, but why is there reject button? It's just you have to go to the machine. It's like, what's The point? please don't ask one more kind of interesting question. 'cause I might shit myself. How can you think science will ever be able to maybe register when a tectonic plate shift is gonna happen? Oh No. I just filled my jeans. That wasn't comedy. Those are questions. No, You. Don't have to. You know what I would love if she was one of Socrates students?


Because Socrates used to just ask questions. You know, What, Is, It. Is the soul given to us at birth? Or is it a Socrates? I gotta leave. Why is that? Theod. I just Filled my toga. Stop Asking questions. You know what? Just, that's insane. What a great garment to pee in though. A toga. You can't fill a Toga. No, it just, it's out there. You know, It's like everywhere's a toilet. You ring it out and then you just shift it around a little bit. Come On. You do. So that the wet spot moves up the back. That's what I'd do. That's what you, I'm Not saying anything that's, listen, what I just said is probably what a lot of Romans and Greeks were thinking.


Oh, were they? And probably doing, I think They were Changing. Just had a little accident. Ring ring. Slide slide. Hey, your s your shoulder looks moist. Yeah. Couldn't have been B. What are we talking about? I know. Here's the thing. Here's the thing. Don't enable this. Why are we talking about this? I know it's beneath us. No, it's not. Although if you move the toe, it won't be beneath you. Yay. Oh, what's Sat? It says wrap. Sometimes I Rap for time. Sometimes I rap for content. I can't believe that German pa, pa band just came in and played to celebrate my great quip about urine soak toga shifting.


Okay, let's get into it. No, this Is a second where just ending. Oh, there is no getting into it. We're ending the episode. You know, someone recently asked me, they say, oh, I really love the podcast. They said They really love the podcast and they're telling me how much they like it. And they said one question. Are you really that confused all the time. Stop. I'm gonna pee. Well, God bless you all there. That's the ending. We were all waiting for a peace out Tupac. Oh, good. Good, good. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sono of Cession and Mac Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs.


Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick, talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista, and Brit. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Cocoa Hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. You can also get three free months of Sirius XM when you sign up at siriusxm.com/ Conan.


And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded,


Conan O'Brien needs A friend is brought to you by ADT. Let me talk about ADT for a second please. ADT spends all of their seconds helping protect all of yours. That's a cool idea because a lot can happen in a second. Did. you know that. That's true. That is true. Like, one second, your baby can't walk, then suddenly bang. They can walk. Except for me, I didn't walk till I was about nine. Oh yeah. We don't know what was wrong. Legs were fine. Apparently it's just a lack of will. You just chose not to. Okay. Yeah. No. One second. You're happily single. The next second you catch a glimpse of someone and well, maybe You don't wanna be single anymore. That did happen to me. Nice. Oh, I know it did. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And then years later, I met my wife. Oh, I love you baby. No, maybe one second. You have a business idea that seems like a pipe dream. And the next you have an LLC and a dream come true. Well, this whole second thing is really something. Yeah. And when it comes to your home, one second. You feel safe. And the next, well, even if something does happen, guess what? You can still feel safe thanks to ADT. After all, ADT is America's most trusted name in home security because when every second counts count on ADT. Isn't that nice? I like that. I like how that all came around. Yeah. Worried for a while. It wouldn't get to ADT. I mean, I think ADT should be She the one worried about it. But. anyway. Visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT ASAP.


Sonic has embraced a new harmony of textures and flavors with the latest burger, creating a completely different experience introducing the Sonic Smasher. Yeah. Check this out. It has two Angus beef seasoned patties, smashed and seared, crispy on the edge and juicy in the middle. That's layered with two slices of melty American cheese, a signature creamy and tangy smasher sauce, crinkle cut pickles, diced onions, and served on a pillowy soft potato bun. Hmm. guess what? Sonic is going to be sending us these smashed burgers. Ah, yeah. Yeah. You excited about that? I love Sonic I. do And I. The idea of burgers that have been smashed together. Probably using some sophisticated cyclotron that fires the two patties at each other. Yeah. A thousand miles a second to create a whole new patty. I can't wait to try that. Try the Sonic Smasher today. Live Free Eat Sonic. All patties are proudly hand smashed by Sonic's dedicated team of Grow masters. No cyclotrons are used in the making of the Sonic Smasher.