
Hey Mike. Glad you could join me for some great seafood. Me too. Wait, Why are you dressed in fishing gear? You said we were going out to catch great seafood, right? Yes. To Popeye's. Do you even know how to fish? No. I thought you did. Oh, yeah. I could catch pretty good seafood at Popeye's. Let's go. Let Popeye's do the fishing while you enjoy our delicious signature seafood. Get Popeye's flounder fish sandwich or shrimp tackle box before they're gone. Limited time at participating us restaurants.


Instacart is here to keep you on the couch this basketball season with pre-game rituals and post-game interviews, it's hard to find time for everything else. Let Instacart handle your game day snacks or weekly restocks with delivery in as fast as 30 minutes because it's bad luck to be hungry on game day. Download the Instacart app today and enjoy $0 delivery fees on your first three orders. Service fees apply for three orders and 14 days excludes. Restaurants.


Hi, My name is Amy Poehler and I feel nostalgic about being Conan O'Brien's friends. And that is appropriate. Back to school ring friends friends. Well, hello there. No. Are you playing that? Are you playing it up? It's Conan O'Brien and this is Conan O'Brien needs a friend. I'm joined by my good pals.


What is it? Son of Sion Sons. Yeah. And Matt, take your time. Take your time, Matt. Yeah. Yeah. And this is one of those occasions doesn't come up that much where I've got a bit of a cold and I'm just loving my voice. And that's why I think I slow it down a little bit and I think I sound real sexy. Yeah. I think I sound like I've got big dick energy. Come on, man. What? I was sexy To that point. What do you mean? I don dunno. You're not, you're not. The Voice is cool. Do You wish my voice was like this all the time? Yeah, I kind of do. Yeah. But it also makes you kind of obnoxious. Yeah. Little Bit. Yeah. It's the voice that you have. Big throat energy. Yeah. Yeah. Big flu energy.


Yeah. Yeah. Don't do it. Can you do a song dedication? Yeah. That's the of voice. You would have I this if I had this kind of voice all the time, I'd just do a lot of Yeah. Yeah. Just to fill out the conversation. Oh, okay. Because you don't have to think of anything. Clever people. Hey, kinda what's going on. Yeah. Yeah, that's right. That's all you were gonna say. I don. And that's enough to get by on, I think so. You need like a catchphrase. That's right. Chilling all. I am rocking and rolling. Chilling with Magellan. That's, That's like a, that's it. Is that a product? That's an in like a shoe insert commercial. Yeah. That's gellan like Magellan. He didn't get it right. It's about a shoe insert for old people. Yeah.


Yeah. Excuse me. The arch supportive. I'm looking for. That's a free out. Have they, are they still making those? The gellan, like Magellan inserts. Seen one in your I Seen years. That was a terrible catchphrase either. That's one of the worst Catchphrases. Wait, you remember It kind of Didn't You think it was a terrible catchphrase? Yeah. I'm jelling with Magellan. That's Terrible. Gellan like Magellan. Oh. Oh Yeah. Well that's great. Oh, that's fantastic. 2003 Was 2003. Yeah. Oh, wow. Wow. Okay. It's been over 20 years and you still remember it. That was America trying to recover from the nine 11 attacks. So No, we were, we were trying to get back on our feet literally. And so we we're all about inserts. What is wrong with you? I'm just saying that there's a historic reason why a jelled insult was a big deal back then.


People wanted comfort and they wanted to feel supported and at a time when our nation was in a lot of peril. Okay. Oh Boy. Anyway, I love the way I talk right now. This is fantastic. I'd Like to recuse myself from this podcast. Okay. That's not gonna happen. Yeah, We can recuse. Yeah. Okay. Me too. You're on your own. Barry White. I had one of those IVs last night. Oh. I don't think it did anything. I'll be honest with you. Maybe it did. They put a bunch of, 'cause I wasn't feeling well and the a big, I've got a big gig coming up and I wanted to feel my best. And so my doctor said, oh, you could try this. And there's like a bag and the guy just keeps injecting different things into the bag while it drip into my arm. And I'm thinking, I don't know what he's putting in here.


And at one point he put Yeah, it was the substance. Yeah. Oh yeah. I turned into Eddie Red Man at one point. I said, what's that you're putting in there? And he said, mayonnaise just put mayonnaise in there. Eddie Red man crawled out my back and he said, Cheerio chaps wolf to make a moving picture. I don't know who the young version of me would be. The Wendy's girl. Oh, That's what you meant. Eddie Redman is the young version of you. I see. Yeah. That's what, that's what substance Is the Yeah. Better version. Okay. Take it easy. I'm sorry. I don think that's what it is. That's doesn't got got theses. He doesn't have these pipes. I mean, he's got A crazy cool British accent. Yeah.


Anyone can do that. Cheerio chap. Here Comes chi chitty bang, bang. I'm really not trying at all. Those are bangers and mesh. I'm just saying things without English. Accent. Accent. Don't an Accent. I don not even doing an accent. You Can't do it. Normal British Accent. Watch this. Look it over there. It's a, it's a big Ben. Oh, that's bad. You're thanks. American tourists. And that's part of it. Your British accent is just goes, you go straight to cockney. No, I Don't. Can you do like a normal AC British accent? That's all. Okay. No, that's cockney. See, that's Cockney. Oh, I wasn't even trying to, right there. I had a small polyp in my throat from this cold that I was trying to dislodge.


Listen guys, I'm not your chimp. I'm not going to sit here and do voices. I want you to Well, am I going to, Won't you Do? I'm not some entertainer who, when queued performs entertainment for people, do it. Okay. It's the boosh traveling knife for travel for me. First cabin captain's call is real company. Pull out stab With the capital P os. You do good. Paul McCartney. Oh yeah. Well, he's very fairly, You know, Dana and I like to do, I learned a lot from Dana, which is very sing songy and do do, he's up in he's downs. He's, that's good. It's all over the maps. He, that's good. You Could do it. Yeah. And then my John Lennon is just, what the fuck are you talking about?


It's justs more nasal and just yelling at Paul. Yes. It's a lot of fun to hang around with Dana and do voices. It's really fun. Yeah. He's the maestro. Yeah, he is. He is the maestro. Yeah. And I'm gonna give it up for him right now. Dana Carvey. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You were just saying Dana, like everybody knew who you were talking about. Yeah. Well, who else is there? What other famous Dana are there? Dana Plato, Dana Gold. Gold. Dana White. Dana Delaney. Dana White. Yeah. Dana White. Yeah. He, a lot of Dana. He does, he might do impressions before UFC fights. He probably does. Yeah. He comes out as a character. He comes out as a 1920s depression era News boy, and tells everybody that Titanic was just sunk.


They should get ready for the fight. He's doing this to an audience of, He does it a lot. UFC People. Yeah. They go crazy. They all start hitting each other with chairs. They love it. We love it. Do the, do the loose saying Do it, do it. They love it when he invokes Woodrow Wilson. Yeah. It's great. It's good stuff. Well, I think we've had a good time. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, we got there. What, what? Well, that's a terrible thing to say. That let's Oh, I didn't mean it that way. Sorry. Now let's the audience, you just clue the audience in that we were trying to fill time. Oh. As opposed to having a magical journey. This is a magical journey. Yeah. Oh, if, You know, show business is, and our current president has taught us this, you declare it and you make it so, oh God.


And so I'm, You know, not saying that's the right thing to do, but he just says he makes declarations. You're Not saying it's not the right thing to do. I'm not, not, not, not saying No. But what I'm saying is he makes these declarations and people then start chanting, lock her up. Lock her up. They don't even know who she is. Right. You know? I know they know. Or where they're locking her up. So what I'm, you should just do that. Yeah. So I think I'm gonna start doing that on the podcast. Okay. Lock her up. Yeah. Sona, I want Sona arrested. Oh Man. Bummer. For what? I don't know. You've shoplifted didn't you? A long time Ago. And not a lot of Stuff. I guess. Old crimes don't count. No. The statute of limitations is up. Hi. Hi. I am the law. Hi, law. How are you? Hi. I didn't recognize you.


Hey, law. You look great. You look fantastic. Hey, I love the scales you're holding. Why are you blindfolded Law? I'm, I'm, I'm the Justice. Oh, Wow. Your improv is so good. Your improv is off the charts incredible. So do you trained at like Second City or Brownies? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Sure. Yeah. Yes. And Yes and Yes. And I trained at Second City and You got it. That's all you gotta do. Yeah. And I, that's all you gotta do. I used to do bits on your show in 1993. Yeah. When I was 10 years old. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yes. And shut up. Yes. And you shut up. Yeah. That's what I would do. Yes. And you Shut up and then Yes. And you shut up. Yes. And that's a Good Yes. And rap. Okay. Well, I think this is a perfect introduction.


Improvisational Geniuses on the show today. My guest today was a cast member on SNL and starred in the hit series Parks and Recreation. Now she has a new podcast titled Good Hang with Amy Poehler. You know what, she's never been on the podcast. I know, I know. And I, I adore her. I'm thrilled she's here today. Amy Poehler. Welcome. A lot of our fans know this, but for the uninitiated, when I was doing my late night show in 93, a couple of years into it, we started saying, oh, we need cast members to help us out on the fly. And UCB was just getting off the ground. Yeah. And so suddenly it wasn't just that I was getting really good people, I was getting the best sketch performers who were coming in from downtown and coming in.


And you would play and you could play anything, but you would play Andy's little sister and would give you, I think a script that was like, that's a solid B and you would take it to an a plus plus plus plus plus plus. It was insanity. And I never took that for granted. I always thought, I mean, now I look back on it and I think I got to have Amy Poer do bits on my show. We probably You paid my rent. Yeah. I mean, I Are you kidding? I would've done it. I mean, it's funny that you say it that way because isn't it funny when you look back at, I mean, what be, what must be 20 almost 30 years now. 30, 30 some odd Years. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause I moved to New York when I was in, in 96, is I never remember a time when you were like a fledgling new show.


Right. I mean, you were just always like the hit show. That's so funny. I know. I don't remember it being like, we have to practice and get things ready. 'cause I knew Andy Yeah. Richter from Chicago. But in my mind, I don't have a, a re a memory of it ever not being a successful show. Well, it's interesting because young people just sort of made it their show and we were doing all this weird stuff and they were saying, yeah, this is what we like, we like the Masturbating Bear. We like Pimp Bot, we like Andy's little sister. We like all this weird stuff. But I was constantly taking shit from people that were used to Letterman who were maybe 20 years older than me. And so there was a solid three years of you might get canceled. Yeah.


Can you try, You know, can you get rid of that weird stuff you're doing? And I tell them I will. And then I just wouldn't. And it was just madness. And, and honestly, let's play F Mary Kill with masturbating Bear, pimp Bot and Andy's little sister. Yeah. Yeah. See how we do. Yeah, yeah. Well, let's fuck 'em all. Yeah, That's Right. That's right. That diaper comes off pretty easy. He's he's ready to go. I don't think masturbating bear's interested. He's got Going on. That's not how he gets off. So we were, we also have a few things in common, which is you're from Burlington Mass and I'm from Brookline, mass. Fancy.


Congratulations. That's right. My butlers had a butler. No. Did your house have books in it? Well, Lala yes. We had some books and my Butterfly collection. But I think you told me once I could be wrong, that you worked at the Chestnut Hill Mall. Yeah, I worked at a bunch of different places in high school. I always had a summer job, but I worked at the Chestnut Hill Mall at a restaurant called Paparazzi. Yeah, yeah. Which was, You know, a very, like, it was probably one of the fancier restaurants I had worked at up until that point. Breadstick. Yes. Ooh. And, You know, I learned words like kava hoppy, and I still dunno What that Means.


What is that? Yeah. That's a type of pasta or, You know. Yeah. I learned mis plus you didn't You work at the pewter or something? I Worked, there used to be a, a pewter pot in my town, a Pew pot. But I worked at Chadwick's, which was an ice cream place in, on the, on the, on the border of Lexington and Waltham. And very famously, an ice cream, like old fashioned ice cream place. You bang a drum when it's someone's birthday and you wear old, old timey outfits. Yes, yes. And Rachel Dratch worked, worked at Chadwick's a few years ahead of me. We never met. 'cause then the, You know, simulation wouldn't have have That's crazy. Worked out. And You know what's interesting is that your Boston accent went away. I, I used to think I never had a Boston accent.


And then someone recently found a clip of me interviewing my brothers and sisters from like 1971. And I'm going like, yeah, it's away. No. And I'm like, who is that guy? Yeah. And I never consciously tried to get rid of it. But you tried. I did. And I still think you do have one. You think I have one and I still think I have one. I mean, just, it's super slight. But don't you feel like you can pinpoint people from Boston? Yes, Definitely. Even just saying Boston. Yeah. The way we say Boston. But every once in a while I hear it, and every once in a while I hear it on my, for me and for me. It's usually when I'm angry, that's when it comes out. Yeah. Which makes sense. I also Love that when I go to Boston, I dunno if this happens to you, it's The, the worst accent ever. Bostonian skis. Well, it's terrible.


I'm gonna say Rhode Island. Cranston. Rhode Island. Yeah. Rhode Island, Cranston, Rhode Island might win. Can you do the difference? What's the difference between those two? I can't, I'm terrible at it. This made Rachel Dratch crazy because she did this. She wrote a sketch for Senate Live, which is all these Boston people. And I was hosting that week. I was just having trouble getting the Boston accent. Really? Because I had been away for years. And Rachel was losing her mind. That does not sound like Rachel dress. No, no. She was getting really frustrated, like, no, no, no. It's like on the corner, You know? And I'd be like, yeah. On the corner. She'd be like, she was really, I was making her as Upset. I blame Brookline for this because I mean, there is a, there's a way to dig into the accent that once you get in there, it's almost like you could never get out.


Right. It's, it's like, it's like a comfy chair to get in there. It's not just the accent. There's an attitude too. I don't know If you have this, but if I'm in Boston and I've got, I go there a lot to see my family. There's a Conan, come here. Come here. Yes. There's a, you kind of work for me. I know you're from Boston, so get over here. So I'm walking the other way. Hey, con, come here. Come here. Fuck, it's Conan. You know, come here. Yeah. Climb over this thing. And and you're like, this is incredible. Yeah. There's a sense that I'm from Boston. You're from Boston, you're not some fucking big deal. Get over here. And I, I kind of like it. And then there are times where I'm like, oh, come on. A hundred percent. The best and worst thing about Boston is there's a feeling of like, you're not better than me.


You know, like, right. We're all the same. We're all in this together. Boston's strong. Hi. How are you? Strong. Good for you. Strong. Yeah. But it's like, you're doing well, Amy. Huh? Like, it's very, it's aggressive love. Yeah. And it's very nice to feel. And also, it's sometimes scary. Well, I told, I've, I think I've mentioned this before, but in, I was in Boston and I was staying at a hotel, and I, I'm was staying, You know, like at a bar. And I go into the men's room and this woman who I wanna say was 55, followed me into the men's room while I met the Ural. And she was like, Hey, gone. And I was like, yeah, I met the urinal. And she's like, ah, Mr. Hollywood. I'm like, no, it's, I think this is illegal.


Yeah. You know, it's illegal. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think you're supposed to be in here. No. Yeah. It's very str. I mean, I, look, I, all my relatives still live in, in Boston. I love going back there. It is. It is this thing where Boston really doesn't want you to forget. No. And also Boston is the thing where they talk about neighboring towns as if anyone would know what they're talking about. Like Right. Boston feels like the center of their own world. Right. So they'll throw out towns and stuff happening to people that are from Michigan, and it's like, no one knows what you're talking about. Yeah. But Boston is the, they are their own center Also. I remember growing up, first of all, you'd listen to school cancellations and you'd wait for your town to come up. But the second thing is, there were all these ads for like the light and leisure building.


Yes. And, and I think it was in Burlington, and they were like, it's in Burlington, the light and leisure. I don't know exactly what they were selling. I think it was lights and leisure clothing, which doesn't make any sense, but it was like light and leisure, Burlington, You know, get off the whatever. And Yeah. I just Free, like, so it's Dr that's drilled into my head. Totally. I feel like, and also there's just a, there's something about the, the vibe there that you, I mean, this is something I really like about it. And New York is very similar too, which is there's a directness to how people talk to each other and how, what they expect of each other. So they're kind of like, kind, but not nice. Yes. And California is nice, but not always kind. Yes. So it's confusing here because people are friendly, but they're not really nice.


But there, they're like, I gotta go. I can't, I can't help you. I gotta like, you gotta keep walking. Like everyone's telling you to hurry up, but they're, but they're very kind. Right. They'll help you. Right. It's weird, it's different here in California's, There's a kindness in there, but it's got this crusty shell. Yeah. Whereas here, everything has this kind of smooth shell, You know, and then you say, oh, my, my, You know, can, can you help me change my tire? And they're, and they're like, we can't. I'm so sorry. Yeah. But I want that for you. I want I want that for you. If you died, it would mean nothing to me. You know, it's odd to think about it now, but you and, and Tina, you're this wave of women that came along and I think it's easy for people to take it for granted now.


Yes. There were women before you, and I know you have your idols are like Gilda Radner, Lucille Ball. Catherine O'Hara, who I sat next to at the 50th saw anniversary. And I couldn't Cool. I mean, I, I see her from time to time and I love, I love Catherine O'Hara, and sometimes she's very earnest. So when, when the show is about to start, and Paul Simon came up and he's, I get the microphone. And Sabrina Carpenter came up and she's at her microphone and they're both ready to go. And she went, oh, this is, this is Paul Simon, this is gonna be good. And I said, well, we'll see. And she looked at me like, oh yeah. Like, and she was like, what do you mean? And I said, You know, these things come and go. You never know what's Paul. Which she's always great. Yeah. She was like, fuck you.


He's always great. And this is like, we're, I'm picking a fight with Catherine O'Hara before. Oh, that's so great. As they're calling out 3, 2, 1. My, my, my fun name drop of that weekend, which was really fun, was there were so many people that people just share dressing rooms. Yeah. And so I was sharing my dressing room with Meryl Streep. Oh wow. My, and I like, You know, just like a fan. I took a picture of the door that said my name and Meryl Streep. She was, You know, getting ready for her sketch and really rehearsing it. And I remember thinking, I, I never rehearsed as hard as Meryl Streep has this one moment. She's shaking serious. I don't overthink it. Seriously, don't overthink it. It's, it's Vaudeville Be loud. That's what I va say. Just be loud. Yes. And then in the seats, which You know, was a night of all famous alumni and people, I sat down and I turned to my left and it Jack Nicholson.


Yes. And I was like, of course, my old friend, my dear friend Jack Nicholson. It was funny. I think when those things happen, I just go with it. Yeah. I just say, of course Jack Nicholson's here. Of course Letterman sat like three rows down from me, and I went over and said hi. And was struck by his beard. I mean, literally. It, it hit It's incredible. It Hit you. It hit, it hit me. He turned, and it, I was slapped by His beard. I like what success is, is being able to perform at an event in front of your comedy heroes and, You know, give like a B minus performance and not wanna die. That's success. Yes. It's because it's happened so many times in my life now where I've had to do the a FI tribute or something in front of Steve Martin and I walk away and go, well, that was a, was a B minus.


And I go, you Might be being a little hard on yourself. I could think of hard, hard B minuses. Okay. Oh, I know the one you're talking about. Yeah. I don't, you did Call me up. I don you can't call me up. I called you up and I said, that was, you gave me that grade. I said, B minus. That was like a c plus.


Watching Clorox cleanup spray dissolve. Tough grime in the shower feels like, Wait, this really just happened. I'm shocked. Underwear and everything. It feels like being able to zip up your overpack suitcase on the first try Smooth With Clorox clean feels satisfying. Clean feels good. Use is directed.


Hey, it's me, Paige DeSorbo. And I'm so excited to share my new shoe collection at DSW filled with my favorite styles and trends for spring. Because if You know me, You know, I'm kind of obsessed with shoes and by kind of obsessed, I mean head over heels. You're going to love these shoes. So snag super cute styles, like cute flats, fun heels, and cool sneakers. From the page to Sorbo Collection right now at your DSW store or dsw.com.


Instacart is here to keep you on the couch this basketball season with pre-game rituals and post-game interviews. It's hard to find time for everything else. Let Instacart handle your game day snacks or weekly restocks with delivery in as fast as 30 minutes because it's bad luck to be hungry on game day. Download the Instacart app today and enjoy $0 delivery fees on your first three orders. Service fees apply for three orders and 14 days excludes restaurants.


So you met Tina at Improv Olympics in Chicago. Mm. 1993. What made You know that you two were going to be like sort of peanut butter and jelly? It was, it Was cool. It, Shar Halper, who was this woman running that theater at the time, said to both of us, oh, I know a woman that you would like. And she just put us on an improv team together. And I knew Tina was from Philly and I knew she had written a really funny play about Catherine the Great and her intimate relationship with her horse. I knew she was really smart and funny. But when we met, we just kind of, we don't actually, we, we we're on the road doing a show and we kind of talk about how we don't actually remember the exact moment we met.


Right. Right. Because we didn't know we'd be married for so long and so in love. But, but we just got put into improv team and we just instantly, and I think this is the case today, just worked together so well. Like, we, like, we like to work the same way. Yeah. Which, You know, when you work with people, there's a language that you have and, and how you like to work and you either kind of have it or you don't. And if you do have it, it, it's, it's the Best on update. And anytime I've seen you two together, you always have a plus jokes. You have great jokes, great delivery. Some people think, what's the trick? It's like, well, yes, have good delivery is really important. And sometimes you need to have a saver, but have the stuff. And you two always have really good stuff, You know, because I think it, I I feel like I've, I've given you credit for this, so tell me if you've said this.


Yes, I did it, but you did. But we, we, we talk about this and you saying this a lot, which is, You know, when you're doing comedy, you have to have good jokes all the time. Yeah. And new jokes all the time. And then you see musicians go up Yes. And sing their song. And you're like, man, if, if I could just go up and sing a hit over and over Again. I had this experience, which is I was in, I wanna say Phoenix, Arizona, and I had to do something for an affiliate. So I'm there and I go in and of course I don't have Phoenix, Arizona affiliate material in my back pocket. I have to bother my writers. I have to think myself what it stuff I can say what's going on, find out what the local references are and construct the whole thing from scratch.


And I get to, before we get started, I go down to the lobby and I see Sting is there and he's just got a guitar on his back in a leather case. Yeah. And I went, oh, hey, how's it going? He is like, oh, it's going all right. You know. And I said, what are you doing? He said, I'm doing a benefit. And I said, I'm doing a benefit too. I'm doing something for, and I've been working and I've been working. I said, what are you gonna do? And he said, I'm gonna play Roxanne. Oh. And I'm gonna say play every step. He and and he's not even thinking about it. No. He's not even thinking about it. And everyone's delighted. Yes. That's what they want. Yeah. No one's I was, I was at an event with you, I remember this really well. It was an event with you at the Museum of Natural History and I don't know if I was performing or what, but then the music came out and it was John Bon Jovi and he did Cow Boy Ho Steel Horse.


Incredible. You jumped up, you lost your mind and you were screaming all of the lyrics, which was great. And then I look over and John Bon Jovi's wife is doing it. What? Yeah. She's there too. And she's like, yeah, yeah. I love this. And I'm thinking, that's a Stockholm syndrome. Well, that's a good, that's a good marriage. That is a good marriage. Their marriage has lasted all these years. Dorothea, I know everything about It. Dorothea. Yeah. She's very cool. Dorothea. Yes. Well aware of Dorothea. Looked her up all the time. John Bonjovi. She's Very cool. High school sweetheart. So cool. High. Yes. High school. Sweet. She Might need to worry. Are you coming after Her? I mean, Dorothy has seen a lot, probably a lot more threatening people throwing themselves at, at John than me. Yeah.


But their marriage is strong. I believe it is. Yeah. And I love John Bon Jovi. Oh, I, I mean, I went to Bon Jovi when I was in high school. I even wrote a sketch about it at SNL where when he hosted John Bon Jovi came out of the poster in my childhood bedroom. And I dressed up like I looked when I was 13. And John Bon Jovi, the, the musician went into his storage and wore the same outfit that was on the poster is still fit. So he keeps it really tight. That's why Dorothy is still interested. I like how he went into his storage. No, he had it in his closet. Yeah. Yeah. He had to wearing, Wearing it that day. Yeah. He wear, he has all of his poster clothes.


Incredible. In his closet right off his bedroom. Yeah. Well, I would say in response to you saying about good jokes, I think you and I could probably say that we both came up at a time when the writer was king. Yes. And writers were really important at SNL. Yes. And they were really important on your show. And not only do I, like, some of them were here in the building and I worked with some of them forever, but they were also writer performers. Yes. And you had a bunch of them on the show. And same at SNL. Like it just was, you just can't go in with flimsy material. You have to just keep trying jokes, which I'm sure you're getting ready to do for the Oscars and everything. Yes. Like over and over again. No, I haven't started yet. Oh, good, good, good. It's days away. And I just figured, You know, just will write itself.


Yeah. You have to wait and see though. Yeah. Do it in the parking lot on the way in. But no, that's all Lorne. Lorne Michaels. And it's not everywhere. There used to be this era, for a long time, writers were kept like rats in this back room. I had a really good first job in la not necessarily the news, but we weren't part of the production. We didn't really interact with the crew. We were in a room, Greg Daniels and I were in a room with Billy Kimball and we just had desks that faced each other, like accountants. And we just banged out sketches all day long, site gags, whatever. And then at the end of the day, we'd submit them and go home. But that was, and I remember thinking, this is not the show business I wanted to be in. I wanna be backstage. I wanna see showgirls people in horse costumes, people dressed, You know, in as a night.


I want all that craziness and get to SNL. It didn't matter If you were like me, 23, 24 years old. He'd, he'd just say, alright, what have you got? What's your name, Conan. Okay. And let's hear your idea. And you tell the idea, okay, go pitch it to Steve Martin me or go pitch it to comedy and pick any comedy icon. And I remember thinking, you're allowing me to go into a room alone with this person. I could have an, You know, like, yeah. Why do we, have you done a background check on me? Yeah. Finish that sentence. I know you could. You Would've a what? A Knife. Well, I mean, if it was I carried a knife back then You always bring you, you were, you always were flashing your knife. It's a, It's a Brookline Thing. We were spinning your knife. It was a Brookline thing.


Brookline knife. You're a knife guy. And I just a, it was one of those ones that comes, flips out and flips back. And I was always around and I remember it. A lot of people, norm was like, can you not do that? But It's Brookline. So it's a cheese knife. It's for, it's for cutting cheese. It's for Bri having parties and stuff. Bri Yeah. Yeah. Look at this. And then, and then nice and A beautiful slice of a bri. Yeah. But one of the things I always loved about you, and I don't know if this comes from, I read somewhere, maybe it comes from your dad, but you were fearless physically comedically. And you are like, You know, you would if the, if the joke called for you as Andy's little sister to go charging down the aisle and leap and hit him so that he falls over.


I look at that footage now. It's online. It's A good jump. It's a good jump Leap. Like a leopard. You hit Andy, he goes over, it's one of the biggest laughs I've heard in studio because the running joke was, you have a crush on me. And I'm always trying to politely explain that I'm, and then you think Andy's whatever getting in the way and you attack and, and you would give these great speeches. But you run Written by the great Brian Stack, By the great Brian Stack. I, I remember you, I I do think there's, i i I hope it's still not the case, but there used to be this kind of in long ago, I don't know what you're gonna say. I know. Me neither. I'm excited. Well, there used to be SFS coming in the medieval period.


Oh, Oh, we're going far that, that far back. Okay. There We go. In a sense that you gotta be ladylike. Do You know what I mean? That if, if a guy's, I mean, I remembered my mom being a little bit that way, which is if I'm being completely inappropriate. It was funny if one of my sisters was doing it, it was like, now hold on. That's not really, and it was a thing. Yeah. She came from a very traditional Irish Catholic background and you've gotta be a lady. And so, I don't know. Yeah. Well You bring up my dad, but I do think it's true, like your family of origin just helps you kind of decide the boundaries of, of your life. Right. Like where, what you're allowed to do. And I had a kind of like a paper moon relationship with my dad where he was very like on the move and took me with him kind of vibe.


So he definitely instilled a lot of confidence. Yeah. And almost like a hustle that didn't feel very gendered at the time. Right. It wasn't like I was supposed to be this or, You know, he kind of, both my parents were very funny. There was a lot of encouragement to speak my mind to kind of be a little bit of a challenger. Good. Which I didn't think was unusual until I did learn other people's systems. Like every family is a country with its own set of rules. And you don't know that that's true until you leave your country and you're like, oh, your family, You know, your dad is the one that, You know, everybody ignores or your your, the older brother is. Right. The older brother's moods dictate the house, You know, dictate the Yes.


The mood of the house or Oh, in your family. You have to be polite and never tell the truth. Whatever is everyone's version of their Yes. Thing. And I, I came from a family, I have to say that really encouraged joking and teasing, which is a very Boston thing. Yes. Yes. And I, I wasn't until I left that family and went to other, like, went to college, that I realized that's not everybody's No way of life. Well, I remember my shock being coming out to Los Angeles and hanging out with meeting Lisa Curo and hanging out and going over to her house. And her family was just would talk, they lived in Tarzana, her dad's doctor. They would talk very openly about sex. And it freak me out. It still does.


Like sex has never been discussed or acknowledged in my home with my parents. It was never, ever, and if something sex remotely sexy came on tv, it was, You know, like we could all see our breath. You are an Actual stork baby. Yeah. And then we'd just all get out of the room as fast as we could. And so, and to this de I mean, nothing, You know, people don't talk about that stuff. Or have you ever seen families, I'm thinking of a specific family when they, when it would be their birthday, they would stand up and they'd give the most heartfelt toast. Like, you are my sister, you're the me the person who, and it's so heartfelt and you're like, this happens once and it happens at somebody's funeral when everybody's left.


Yeah. Like, this is so intense to like the eye contact in real, like teasing for me is a love language. Like the more yes I like you, the more I'll tease and manners are for people that I don't know or don't even really like, like, hi, how are you? But the tease to me shows that there's a familiar way and it's just the ultimate sign of love. But that's not the case with a lot. No, I, I've learned the hard way. Yeah. I remember dating someone once a long time ago and meeting her parents for the first time and I said something like some kind of teasing mock put down of her. Like, yeah, well keep working on that. And her mother went, we don't do that in this house. We don't put people down. And I remember thinking, I need to go, yeah.


I need to leave right now because that's not gonna fly. You know what I mean? But, but the Irish in me loves laughing and crying right next to each other. Yeah. That's my favorite thing. Right. Is being sad and then someone saying something truly ridiculous or out of pocket in the moment that makes everybody laugh. That's I think very Irish. Just getting as low as you can. Yes. And going to the lowest basement and then finding the joke there and like shooting it up so that everybody can drink more. Yeah. It's like everything we learned was So there's a reason to Toast that was just, that was just implied. Yeah. You know, it's interesting 'cause you were talking to me about how you just always thought our show was there to stay and it was fine. Oh yeah. A lot of people don't know because this interesting thing has happened with Parks and Recreation where it is now just one of those shows that's chapter and verse and comedy people know it.


And not just comedy people, but it's like, it plays a lot. People really know it. It's esteemed. It's, it's, and they don't know that it was a running gun battle to keep that thing on the air Big time. Yeah. Every year we thought we were gone. Oh. For maybe the first four or five out of the seven seasons we were on because our show was on the, on the table hooked up to machines and then a new show would come wheeling in next to us and they'd just be like, clear. And they would just be save trying to save that show over and over again. And then it would, they'd just be like, they'd call time of death. Yeah. Yeah. And they'd put this sheet over the show and they'd bring the show out. We were like, Well, well suddenly Susan didn't make it. I mean, hearts And Res still here. Totally. We had about five upfronts where it was like, this is the next new big show.


And we would watch it come in so hot with tons of marketing and then it would die and we would just be like, beep, beep, beep. And so we hung in there and long enough until finally like season five, like your show, like critically, we were very loved, but we were always worried we were gonna get canceled. And although we would all give anything to have those numbers now, whatever. Yes, yes. I was like, You know, we have a 3.8 or whatever. And I was like, this is a disaster, You know? Right. But then streaming happened, started to happen. It all started to like dovetail at the same time. I, I am every, I mean almost every day I thank the streaming gods and, and the internet because I never thought the stuff that we were making, I always thought we did this really weird thing tonight.


It'll never be seen again because it's just tonight. And maybe it'll be rerun once in the summer, but then that's it. Yeah. It's gone. And I was at the SNL thing and when you buy a Samsung television, there's a Conan O'Brien channel. Yeah. It won't go off my tv. Well here's the thing, I'm trying To get it off Bill. It's so off. Bill Murray came up to me and he was like, yeah, Conan, there's this thing on my tv. It's just you and it's you and I. And I went, honey. And he went, and I can't get it off. I was like, well, I can't help you. And he went, Hey, I, You know, some of it's really good, You know, but it was just so weird that, that stuff that I thought would never be seen. Yeah. There's moments on the internet, it all, and the good work gets picked out. It rises to the top.


There's plenty of stuff we all did that we're like, okay, but that tends to not get passed around as much and it creates this illusion that everything we did was super funny. That's true. Which in my case was like, no, that's, that's a complete illusion. You're just not seeing the other ones. 'cause they don't get clicks. That's for sure. Yeah. That's sketch in a nutshell too. So much of it is just like, how are you, what's your batting average? Like, it's, you're gonna, you're gonna, you're gonna get one outta three good sketches if you're lucky. Yeah. Yeah. I, I mean I feel like parks was like that, the trajectory of that. And getting back to your show for a second, what was so exciting about being there at the beginning? Not only was one of our own, like Andy was our, was a improviser that we knew who suddenly could From Chicago.


Yeah, yeah. From Chicago who could buy an apartment and we could go over to it. Yeah. You know, we were like, what? I remember he had parties, he had an apartment that was like on 19th or 20th Street downtown and it was kind of a loft. And he, You know, I wasn't having parties, I was just, You know, but I would go to Andy's parties and it was everyone from UCBs. Yeah. You and Matt Walsh and Besser and Ian. And it's just like this whole salon of super funny people. Plus sometimes you'd go to an Andy party and they'd be like a guy in a fez in the corner with an eye patch. It looked, it had, there were like people with parrots on their shoulders. It Was, yes. And it was, it was just Right New York like, You know, early nineties, like David Roff and Amy Sedaris. Yes. And You know, all these like, people that were kind of coming through and just starting out as well in different ways.


It was, it felt very chic. And then also truly your show allowed me to pay my rent, get health insurance, tell my parents that I was gonna be on tv. All the beginnings of that. It got me so many jobs. People saw, I think my first movie, which was the world famous Deuce Bigelow. Very, very proud of my performance in that. But I remember, I think You Killed it. Killed It. But Rob Schneider, I think saw me like on your show. And I think that stuff helped me when we were selling UCB, the sketch show. It was, it was just such a huge deal. And I can remember, You know, under six and remember that like, You know, If you had under six lines on, on Conan show, you got paid a certain amount of money.


And then If you got over six over six, yeah. You got paid like a hundred bucks more, You know, because of sag minimums and stuff. It was a huge deal to, we did a ton of staring contests. Yeah. Yeah. A ton of bits. I think my first thing was, I was under a giant, me and John Benjamin were under giant foam rubber Conan and Andy outfits. Yeah. And we had to run around a track all day or something. I remembered. I was saw Makes No sense. No sense was like, I made, it did funny. I was just at this SNL and I saw Tina and I saw she's with her husband Jeff, Jeff Richmond. And I immediately, I, I'm sorry Jeff, but I immediately go to, when we first u we used Jeff Richmond who's, You know, scores all this stuff.


He's very brilliant. He's incredibly successful. We used him and he played, like, he played Cupid. So he was in a diaper hanging on a rope with a bow and arrow, You know, and like some glitter in his hair and no shirt. And he is kind of just spinning at rehearsal awkwardly. And I didn't know who Jeff was and then it's over. And I'm, I, I think I'm doing something. And, and Amy had passed. I, not, Amy Tina had passed a monitor and she went, that's my husband, you fucker. What have you done to him? Yeah. I learned so much. I don't care what he does. He'll get an Oscar for scoring something and I'll still think, ha you a Cuban.


I learned so much on that show. I learned how to like, You know, get ready for a bit how to not peak too early. How to figure out what the audience like, You know, just basically how to play the rhythm of the audience. Like a camera blocking all that stuff. I knew nothing about, It's funny to me because I remember SNL really wanted you to do it and you were hesitant, which you, do You remember that? Yes. I remembered there was, I don't know if that's, but I remembered it wasn't like Yes, yes, yes, yes. Well, You know, unless I'm remembering it incorrectly. But that's how it felt to me. I, I think I was, I don't think I was ever hesitant, but at the time I had auditioned for a couple things that were, and I, and I had this stress of almost like this good girl stress of like, I can't say no to these other things that might happen.


And they were all LA jobs. 'cause it was during pilot season. Yeah. Yep. And I remember thinking, what if I tell the people I told them Yes. And I'll have to tell them no. Like, I was very stressed about that. But I don't remember waiting very long. And, You know, I had the privilege of Tina really vouching for me. 'cause she was already there and Dratch and Horatio and people that were there who kind of were able to say like, she might be a good hire, take a look at her. But yeah, I'm so glad I didn't. And then you guys did update, you and Tina did update for four years. Was it four or five? No, I, yeah, it must have been four I think. Yeah. 'cause then but, but I, but I'm not sure. Yeah. But, but I, You know, well, I need to know Splitted my time.


I know, I think I called your publicist that we need exact times. Three, four. I don't know. It's all a, well that doesn't help me. It's all a blur. It doesn't help me. I'm sorry. We need to five four. Okay. Let's just not do this anymore. Oh, I'm sorry. Coan two one. It was 15 years that you did. Yeah, but I, I came in after Jimmy left and, and You know, like the fun thing about that show is people leave and people think, how is the show gonna go on? And it just does, it keeps going on. Just keeps, Yeah. Like I, You know, I, I started in 2001, two weeks after September 11th when the whole country was like, we're never gonna laugh again. Right. Comedy's over.


That's it. That's a wrap. And I remember thinking, but I hear you and Yes, respectfully, I hear you. There was a famous, there was a famous article that said, I, this Kurt Anderson or someone just said, irony is dead. Like they'll never be, nothing will ever be ironic again. And Yeah. And except that statement. Yeah, exactly. It's just like, well, no human. This is what humans do. Yeah. We go through, whether it's the fires in Los Angeles, whether it's nine 11, where it's, You know, we get hit over the head. We are stunned. We collect ourselves and then we go back to doing what we do. Well that's why I'm, I'm happy to be here today. And why I'm starting a podcast too is because all I want to do now is laugh.


Yeah. That's it. Like I need, I want to be around people who like upregulate me. I wanna find joy in things. It's been a r rough and rowdy 10 years and I just feel like it's, I just need to find for my own mental health, that kind of thing. I Think first of all, you're gonna kill it. But second of all, I think, I mean, everyone's gonna want to talk to you. You can do both. You can be funny, but you can also talk about real things. I mean, to me that's the secret is just to be open and accessible. I think What's been the best part of doing this? Like, what are you found? I have To say I just us. Yeah. Oh, Sorry.


These aren't my prescription glasses. Lemme see who's talking. Okay. Yeah, it's me. Oh. Oh. No, no. Oh no. Okay. That's okay. Who's that? Me. Me. God. No. Me. I think what I like about it, I get in here is after all those years of, okay, we're back now, our next guest, You know, You know him from the song Rocket Man, Elton John's here, whatever, six minutes. And then all John, everybody All right. You know, what's the matter with you? You know him from the song, You know, from the song Rocket Man. If you don't mention Rocket Man, no one knows who Elton John is. That's just true fact. I brought him out and said, You know him from Bang the Jets, he gets nothing. People boo. But I think my favorite thing is that this format Yeah.


Is really liberating. And so how many times have you and I encountered each other over the years? How, how many times have you done the show? But now I really get to sit and talk to you. Yeah. And it's a treat for me. I look forward to it. I was excited today that you were coming in because I haven't talked to you for like a solid 45 minutes before. Yeah. And this is fun. There's no like magic trick. It's just fun to do. It is fun. And I would say, I would posit a deeper thing there is that it's connection. Yeah. Like it's actual intimacy and connection, which I do think we're very hungry for. Yes. Everything feels very front facing and very external and like out into the world.


And I do think we're lonelier than ever. Yeah, I agree with you. I think what you hear, or if you're looking at clips online on this podcast or see is what it is. So this is what it is. And then if we break and go to lunch, we fight and bicker and joke and put each other down the way we, we would hear on the pod. This is just what it is. It's not okay. Gotta get ready. Yeah. To pretend to be this person. And I'm saying this for better or for worse. This is, You know, this is who I am. This is who you are. I'm not sure what you're doing. Oh, I used a big mess, man. Yeah. I don't know. You're a shapeshifter. It's been a tough 10 years. Yeah.


Someone told me. And I just want to, I wanna, because my wife has a fascination with the show Below Deck. Oh, A hundred percent Not Below Deck. And I watch Below Deck and I don't get it. And my wife is very smart and she has excellent taste, but when she's watching Below Deck, I'm like, I don't understand. Not that much is happening. I love that. She loves Blow Deck. That's a sign of a smart lady. Yeah. I don't watch, I do not watch a lot of reality tv. I don't like people getting embarrassed and Right. People get embarrassed on, on every reality show. So, but I don't like, like, or like fake, fake drama. But what I like about Blow Deck, and I wonder if your wife feels the same as when they clean the boat, they have To, I'm sure that's it.


They have to turn over the boat, they have to get it clean. And every time it's like, are they gonna make it? We don't like, so there's some weird thing where your brain, it's almost like, it's like watching a, some, like a, a set be reset. You're watching it get reset. And I like clear delineations of power who is in charge. Yeah. So there is a captain, like whether or not you like the captain, You know, that's your problem. But the chain of command is very clear. Yes. And there's the head, You know, there's the head of the, I should know all these names having watched it, but like, Like so many iterations of it now. Exactly. See captains. So people have to report to each other. And that kinda status stuff really makes me laugh.


But You're right, you're right. It's the cleaning of the boat. There is Something about, I, You know, there'll be like young, good looking couples that hook up on the boat. And I find that that isn't as exciting to me as I get into the chef has to make a meal and it's always these incredibly entitled rich people and incredible, do You know what I mean? And they're always there and they're like, this is for my wife's anniversary. And then they'll say things like, maybe it's fake, but they'll say at 11 o'clock in the morning, You know, we want tonight's theme to be. And then they announce some insane theme. Yeah. They're on a boat, they're in the middle of the, a gian, You know Yeah. Sea. And they're suddenly scrambling around trying to find, okay, the, the theme is volcanoes, they're building little volcanoes.


People are dressing up as, and then the cook has to make the chef has to make the food for everybody. It's always going wrong. And then it, it comes together. Yeah. And I, it's very satisfying. And then what do you have to do at the end? You gotta clean the boat. You gotta turn it over. You gotta get the sheets done. You gotta spray the deck. And the t you can't just, you've gotta clean it. You know? You might be onto something and maybe, Adam, I'm just gonna throw this out there. We should include a segment where we're like, hosing this table down. It'd be, oh my God, by the way, I would watch the shit out of that If you a smr this table and you, you put soap on it and then you washed it, wiped it Down, And, and ARD marbles on it, and then the sound of the marbles.


And you had to pick the marbles up. And Eduardo designed this, so he's freaking out. Yeah. That we're getting soapy water. We're happy to clean this table every, every right. Host session, but like, just, we could, we could make that a new thing on the show. And, and If, if these mics could be made out of kinetic sand, I would appreciate that. Just so I could play around with that. All these Cool tactile, that's incredible. Yeah. Because It's so good for a, for podcasts. People love it. But yeah, there's, I mean, I don't, but I can't, I don't really watch any other, I don't like any, I don't like people being embarrassed or stressed on tv. It gets me very stressed. I hate pranks. I Hate pranks. And, and I always, my whole life, if someone wanted to do a prank on someone, my mind would always go, what if someone gets hurt?


Yeah. I don't know why. It could even be just the simplest prank. And I think, I don't know, someone could get hurt and end up paralyzed. Oh. And people would be like, what are you talking about? We're just giving them a birthday cake, but it's not their birthday. I'm like, yeah, I don know. Someone could end up paralyzed. I don't know why I always went to that. Yeah. Pranks feel very Gen X. Like, we grew up with a lot of pranks, like candid camera. And then later on, You know, Knoxville and, and Ashton Kutcher Is that punk and punk and jack and punk. And so we had a lot of pranks in our life. And maybe we just got pranked out. Pranked out. But I don't like pranks. And if, if someone did a prank to me, I would feel like they hate me. Yes. Like, I would feel super sad. Yeah. If, like, I've never, I don't even, I've never had a surprise birthday thrown for me.


The one time I think it was gonna happen, I found out and I, I kind of put a kibosh on it. You can't say it. Yeah. Because to me, a surprise party is a evil, evil act of treachery. Betrayal. Yeah. Betrayal. Yeah. It's a prank. Anyway, you're launching this weekly video podcast. Good. Hang. Yes. With Amy Poer. It's gonna come out this march. I'll be listening to this podcast. I'd be thrilled to do it If you ever Oh. Want me on, I'll Be, I would. Oh my God. Please, I thank you for saying that. I would love To have you on gonna say, I would love to do it. Thanks, Conan. I love hanging with you and you're one of my favorite people of all time. And I know you're gonna kill this. So it's a gift that those, all those years ago you came into my life and were so funny and elevated everything on our show.


Not everything, but a lot of things. Why did I have to correct that? No, I, I, I, I, any as you were in it was just, it was just a magical time. And I do feel nostalgic too, So I do too. I feel, and I have to say like, the beginnings of things are the most tender time where everybody's the most tender. Yeah. And you were so kind to, not only me, but UCB and everybody during that time, you gave a lot of us our start. So thank you very much. I'm glad I get to say that to you. Like, You like a little bit of a cut. Yes. And you have made, you did make me sign something that I regret. I really regret. You're like Simon Co. Yeah. Conan owns half of my house. Yeah. Yeah. I just, I treated, yeah. I treated them all. Like they were a boy band in South Korea and they were like, this is awful.


Amy Poller, thank you so much for being here. Thank you so much. This was great, Jeremy. It was so fun. Guys, thank you so much.


Wanna pull off the season's freshest trends? You just need the right shoes. That's where designer shoe warehouse comes in. Loving wide leg jeans. Pair them with sleek, low profile sneakers, obsessed with the sheer trend. Try it with mesh flats, feeling boho, comfy sandals. Nail the whole free spirited thing. Find on-trend shoes from the brands you love. Like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at DSW.


Instacart is here to keep you on the couch This basketball season. With pre-game rituals and post-game interviews, it's hard to find time for everything else. Let Instacart handle your game day snacks or weekly restocks with delivery in as fast as 30 minutes because it's bad luck to be hungry on game day. Download the Instacart app today and enjoy $0 delivery fees on your first three orders. Service fees apply for three orders in 14 days. Excludes restaurants.


We're Doing a series of ongoing staff reviews around the Team Coco Facility here. It is important, it is important that every business rigorously investigate the employees and kick the tires on this thing. Make sure that every cog in the machine is working properly, don't you think? Yeah. With that in mind, today we're going to someone I've known for a very long time. Her name is Paula Davis. Hi Paula. Hi Conan. Don't just push the microphone up to your That's the thing that, yes. There you go. That's how it works. Is that good? That's good right there. That's great. Paula? Yes sir. You are my head Booker. You've been my booker at late night from day one.


This is true. Wow. And we knew each other before that because you were one of the first people I met when I showed up. Bright-eyed and bushy tailed in February of 1988. I show up at Saturday Night Live with my friend Greg Daniels. We both walk in and I sit down up in the area that's kind of near where Lorne Michael's office is. And I start chatting with this very funny, wise guy, young lady, it's you. And I remembered immediately thinking she's like my sister. She's really funny and quick and I connected with you right away. Do you remember that? Yes, I do. Sort of remember. I remember we connected right away. You Asshole. See Conan obrien. See what I'm telling You?


Conan O'Brien walked into a room and you kind of remember You weren't Conan O'Brien then. That's right. You were just this guy that was super young. That was before I changed my name. Exactly. You were just new writer guy. Yeah. Yes. But I did like you. Yeah. And we, so we knew each other in that world. And then you were with me all through late night, tonight show TBS, and then when this thing started up, you were doing that. So you've been finding the good people for us to talk to all these years. So I Yes, I have, I do. I mean, I'll start off by commending you for your fine work. Thank you. That's how he's starting off. Let's, let's see where it goes. This will be fun. You know, I get irritated with you.


Oh yes, I do Know that. 'cause I try and talk to you in the morning and you're teaching a yoga class. That's true. And, and first of all, she's very serious about yoga. You teach yoga. I do. Didn't. That's a great thing. I didn't know you teach yoga. I got certified a couple years ago. Wow. Congrats. That's great, Paul. That's cool. Thanks. Thanks you guys. Yeah. And I always pick something insane to, to be offended by. And I arbitrarily decided that you, and, and also you work with, like, you do wonderful work. You're helping, aren't you held helping people, older people. Yes. Sometimes with yoga. Yes. I volunteer at a center. Center. You volunteer, You do really nice things. And I've decided that this is an affront.


Oh, because that's time you could be booking some people. Oh, okay. And I'm talking like seven o'clock in the morning. She's doing this wonderful work with, You know, basically elder care for free where she volunteers. And I'll harangue you. You should book some of those seniors And that'll show That's a good idea. Also, in all fairness, anything that brings me joy you don't like. Yes, yes. That's true. Yes. That's, that is true for all your employees. Oh yes. Joy killer. Absolutely. You don't like them having feeling joy. I I, Yeah, you're right. I don't know what that is. Why, why Paula psychoanalyze it. You're very smart. And by the way, Paula, once I was having this amazing interview, and I will say it again, I've said it many times, the best interviewer on the planet is Howard Stern.


I think he's a genius interviewer. Always has been. And he just gets better and better. I idolize him as an interviewer. He was interviewing me once he, we and I were having this moment, and I brought you up and he said, well, is Paula here? And we, because you're a huge Howard fan, this is true. You came in and you were petrified. Petrified. But you immediately psychoanalyzed us both brilliantly. It was great. Really. Thanks. Yeah. And then Howard was like, she, wow, she's great. What Did you say about Conan? I remember Conan saying, we were talking about when he would come into my office and needed to sort out certain things and that I would say to him, I'm not going down that road with you. Whatever the road, crazy road that day was, you could go that. Yeah, No, no.


She has a, I'm not going down this road with You. Oh, yes you are. Exactly. Yes. Paula, A long time ago, and this was before I was getting cognitive therapy and realizing that without getting crazily boring, but our thoughts can take us places that then the emotions follow and it can get very negative. Anyway, you were the one that was like, no, no, no, no. We're not going down that road. We're not going down that negative road that you have in your head about yourself. And then you would say it the way you say to a dog. Nope. Ouch. Like off the couch. No, no. Yeah. Off the couch. You I do that with our, we have a, a puppy now Odin, and he'll just jump up on the couch and Liz and I'll be like, Nope.


And he quickly jumps off. That's how you are with me. Oh, good. We're not doing that. Right. It's great. Exactly. Thanks. This Is a glowing staff of, You know, I have to, oh, sorry. You Go ahead. Well, I, I don't know you that well, Paula, but you're someone I greatly admire. I I have always squirrels feel like you have an energy that just helps and brings people up. You're wonderful. That's So nice. Thank you. Discover. We've gotta get this to be negative. It's, You Know, I actually have a Question. You'll, it Sure. Okay. Because I feel like you've booked everybody. Is there a, a white whale for you? And After all this time, is there someone that you would want to, is Is it Cher? Because it's Cher. I hope it's Cher. It's Cher. Okay. Wow. What elite question, leading question.


She is the, Is it Dr. CA's book and why is it Cher? It's, it's Cher. Dr. Korian. Okay. Anyone Armenian, Come on. You always bring up Dr. Korian second. I Would love, listen, I would love to talk to Cher. I have great admiration for Cher. I don't know, she's never promoting something we haven't, I don't know. Or maybe she is and she doesn't wanna do our show. I don't know. We're we're into it. Sorry. We're trying to work on dates. Yeah, I, If you must know really. Okay. Yes. Wow. I don't know if it's gonna work out. We have very limited availability. I will just say, yeah, I will Write any note you need me to write. Oh, that'll, Yeah. Good luck getting that past her nine, nine layers of security. What? And so I'm Ian too. Lemme in, Lemme In in Chair.


I know that your real name is Share. Share. She in what, what is her real name? She, Ian. Okay. Alright. I'm just saying. No, but I, that's a real question. Is there somebody who's not who and why is it Cher? You know, It, it's Cher because we haven't done her yet. If there is someone, honestly, I can't think of who it is right now. Although I don't wanna say no. I don't know. Yeah, That's a, that's a tricky thing because you're putting Paul in a, in a situation where she may have to say a name. Oh. And then it's, and, and so I, And I have a terrible memory. So there definitely is. But I also, I think it's someone who's been dead for a while. It's, that's probably true. She's true on Mike. That's a great idea. That's a great idea. Paul Is always trying to book people.


That died quite a long time ago. That does happen. Which is, yeah, that's one of my gifts. Is it exhausting to have meetings with Conan? 'cause he's always doing like jokes and stuff and like, No, it's the best. Sorry. No, be Serious. Paul, you're Lying. Sorry. No, no. Be Truthful. Oh, okay. Well, it depends. There's a lot of varieties. Okay. If it's a big meeting and there's a lot of people there, you have to wait for the time where Conan teases everyone in the room separately. And then you have to wait until, so you have to get through that. But if it's one-on-one, it is not so bad. There's a lot I I can handle whatever it is. I can handle It.


Are there, are there too many bits? No. Sorry. Do you like, do you like the Bits? I do like The bits. Sometimes Paula has a great laugh. And if I can really, one of my favorite things to do, which I can't recreate right now, but I used to walk into an office and you'd be there with Gina Batista, and I think I tricked them almost every time. But we'd be talking in, I would make sure that we were in a pretty serious vein. And they always had, You know, magazines, celebrity magazines there because they're in booking and they would flip through them to get ideas, You know, did we not have this person, person? And so, You know, you'd, I'd pick up one of those, an US magazine, whatever, and I'd flip through and I'd go like, oh fuck.


And you would go like, what, what, what's the problem? And I'd go, why? If I'm in this, if I'm in this, why did you have the magazine here? And you go, you guys would think for a second, oh shit, there's like a paparazzi photo of Conan and it's not flattering or horrified. He gets upset if he sees himself. And I would then proceed to read copy very fluently. Yes. Like fluidly legit, meaning I'd be flipping through and I'd go like, Hey, I didn't know I was in this and why do you have this magazine out if I'm in it? Why do you have this us magazine of I'm in it? And Paula and Gina would go, oh, oh, oh no. Oh shoot. I guess we didn't realize he's in it. And then I'd say, red Terror Rides again. And you guys would be listening. And at first I'd make it plausible, cited that, You know, a certain carrot top Quipster was cited, You know, always, You know, whatever on, on.


I always work that in a carrot top jokester was cited on La Sienega Boulevard, You know, entering whatever. And I always say like an, You know, an ice cream store. And then I would proceed to describe the most horrible thing about myself. Yeah. It was completely fake, but it was always me dropping my pants, spilling ice cream, kicking an old woman, please stop hurting me. The old woman, a veteran of the war cried. You'll take it. And like it, O'Brien said, As I remember, we didn't win that war Granny. I mean, I would describe this absolute monster, but Brian then said, where's my ice cream?


When it, when the ice cream was not brought quickly enough for the, and then I would say the freckled, You know, late night star, he grabbed the cone of a nearby boy in a wheelchair. Looks like you lose out wheelie. I mean, absolute insane. Oh my God. And I, I think that's one of the things that's never come out is my joy at, at, I'd like to try to be a good person, but I love imagining myself as the worst person alive. And I would read these things and you would laugh till you were crying and it would make me so happy. It was good. It was good.


It makes me angry how nice you are to Paula sometimes. It really does. It makes me angry that she gives of herself at seven o'clock in the morning to yoga with elderly people instead of she could be on the phone booking Dakota Johnson. How dare I, I like, how dare I donate my time and my skill And my Kid karma. And That seven o'clock time is the only time Dakota Johnson can be booked. That's right. You Know what Dakota Johnson said, she's available to take our call for a booking at 7:00 AM She's The white Whale. She's the white whale. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. This is meant to be a cruel staff review and we just can't do it. Once again, you've Made it all about you. Yeah, yeah. Well she's amazing. I mean, I'll make it about Paula at the end.


Thanks you guys. Everyone loves Paula. Great. Everyone loves Paula. Boring. Sorry. Love you guys. But, but thank you for getting us all these amazing people. Oh, you're Welcome. Thank you for employing me and giving me a great place to to Work. You get paid. Not that much. Don't worry about it. But you donate your time for the oldies. Isn't that weird For the oldies? Well, I'm sorry they had their fun in the 1940s. Why should they be getting a free ride now? Oh wait, that's the guy from the Fake US magazine, You know. All right, Paula, we love you. Bye. Thank You. Bye. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs.


Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes, incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino taken away. Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aren Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick, talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista, and Brit Kahn. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan. And If you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded.


Hey Mike, glad you could join me for some great seafood. Me too. Wait, why are you dressed in fishing gear? You said we were going out to catch great seafood, right? Yes, to Popeye's. Do you even know how to fish? No, I thought you did. Oh yeah. I could catch pretty good seafood at Popeye's. Let's go. Let Popeye's do the fishing while you enjoy our delicious signature seafood. Get Popeye's flounder fish sandwich or shrimp tackle box before they're gone. Limited time at participating us restaurants.


I've never felt like this before. It's like you just get me. I feel like my true self with you. Does that sound crazy? And it doesn't hurt that you are gorgeous. Okay, that's it. I'm taking you home with me. I mean, you can't find shoes this good just anywhere. Find a shoe for you from brands you love, like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at your DSW store or dsw.com.