
There's a lot to say when buying a new home or car, but only one thing to say that can help you protect them. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Hear me? I did. I heard you. And just like that, a State Farm agent will be there to help you choose the coverage you need. You just say that and they show up. They come jumping out of a shrub. Oh, cool. No matter where you are in life, when you need the coverage options, your State Farm agent is there to help on the phone or in person like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Hey, are you stressed about pests? I hate Pests. I hate pests too. And I'm not talking about in-laws. I'm talking about bugs. When you have pest problems, don't call just anyone. Call the Orkin Pro with over 120 years of experience. Nobody's better. They specialize in protection against pests, including termites, rodents, and insects. Orkin Pros have award-winning training, offering them the most advanced solutions for over 1.7 million customers. With the Orkin points of service, you know what to expect with every Orkin Pro visit. Plus the Orkin guarantee means if bugs creep up between services they do, Orkin Pros will be on your doorstep free of charge. Orkin the best in bests. Learn more@orkin.com. That's ORKI n.com.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Here comes Tanner. Hey. Hey. Thanks for that introduction. You're welcome, man. You've, that was terrific, Tanner. How are you? Good. How are you? Conan? This is Sweet. I'm, I'm doing real well. Hey, man, it is sweet. And it's ni it's sweet talking to you. And I'm looking at you right now. I'm trying to figure out from your background where you, you've got that kind of stove that looks antique, that goes up and into the wall with like a bunch of pipes. Is that a bong in the background? What is that? It's a Lava lamp. Yeah. Was that a lava lamp or a bong?


Oh, That's a Lava lamp. Okay. Well, you know, in my defense they can, they can you be dual purpose? You can have a lava lamp That's also a Bong. I'm, you can figure out something. Yeah. Oh, I, I did. Trust me. No, that doesn't make sense. So you're in, where are you? You look like you're in some kind of a cool rural situation. What's happening? Yeah. So I live in central Idaho, in the mountains. It's like a town of like 500 people. It's two hours north of Boise. Where is that in relation to Ketchum? Ketchum. So Ketchum would be, Ketchum would be kind of eastern. Do you know Ke The mountain, you're pointing, you're pointing on a zoom in a direction. I don't know what is you're, you're we're on a podcast and you're pointing. But he Gave you Boise and you decided catch him.


Yeah. What? Yeah. Catch him. Boise Is a capital. How do you not know Boise? I'm just Sort of more, I'm just sort of more interested in Kechum. You know, it's where Hemingway lived at his last days. Yep. So, and the celebrity types like to go to catch him wear fur coats. I've never been there. I'm not, well, not enough of a celebrity. I think more about Hemingway spending his last days there in Kechum. It's rather a poignant tale. Yeah. but I think I got us off the trail here. Tanner. Tell us a little bit about yourself. What do you do when you're not smoking? Sweet JB bone out of a lava lamp. So I work as a ski patroller. That's my primary job here. Ski Patroller. So not at ski instructor.


You're a ski patroller. Which I think no slamming of ski instructors here. 'cause I love skiing. And I love ski instructors. But ski patroller sounds so much cooler. Yeah. Yeah. you get to wear the fancy uniform and carry radio. Pretty rare. You get a gun when you're a ski patroller. We should at least a taser, I think. No, I think you should have a gun and you should be on your skis firing at someone who's fleeing. Yeah. Or a rabble. I Think that'd be cool. Yeah. Or I can just take them out. Oh god. Oh, well, you know, I, first of all, I'm loving this whole thing. You're a ski patroller and you're in Donnelly, Idaho, is that correct? That's correct. Okay. And very closer to Boise, I guess.


And Ketchum. But listen again, I'm getting us off the rails. Tell us what's, what does it entail when you're a ski patroller? Are you looking out for people's safety, their health? What are you doing? So it's kind of a mixture of rescue. You also are mitigating risks. So you're kind of marking hazards with bamboo. Then you're also doing avalanche mitigation and medical as well. Oh, so it's a mixture of kind of everything. All. right. So you have had probably some calls where people fall when they broke their leg or something. Is that right? Yeah. It's mainly the good rule thumb is skiers. It's usually leg injuries, knees, femurs, and then snowboarders usually something, upper body, collar, bones, arms. I, I did try in the 2002 Olympics, which were in Salt Lake, I, we did, we shot a segment where I tried snowboarding and the physics of it for me, 'cause I'm very tall.


And I have a fat head. So I'm top heavy. Yeah. I would go down and when you go down on skis, it's one thing, but when you go down on a snowboard, you're going down like four times harder. Is that fair to say? Yeah, That's fair to say. Yeah. Especially you, you have like, so you learn an EMT school, like the different mechanisms of injuries and you're more based on what you say is that pediatric patient. 'cause they have bigger heads, so they fall in their heads more. That's probably your issue. So what you're saying Tanner, is I'm like a large baby. Yeah. You're like a large baby. Yeah, me too though. I'm always bald. Do they ever, you might have to have your tonsils out while you're Steve. Yeah. Is there, is there a code for man, baby down on the mountain? We can make one. Yeah. You should make one.


Yeah. We've got a Conan. Just call it A Conan. A conan's down on the mountain. Okay. So a lot of those kinds of injuries, do you ever have people that don don't know? They say they need help and you get there and it's kind of clear they're not really in any jeopardy. They're just sort of tired and making a fuss about something that's not that important. Oh, a hundred percent. I would say about 80. You were just making something Up. No, I'm telling you. Yeah. 80% of our calls are probably people who just can't make it down the hill. Oh. So we call it a taxi where we just give 'em a ride and to bogging down. That would be me. No, but I can, I can tell. There's sometimes there are people that fall down.


they go, oh, I went bump call ski patrol. But. It's so hard to get up after you fall. You're just, you have these giant things on your feet. Skis. Skis, yeah. And you're just kind of like, come on, I have to get up now If this is the way you feel, what got you there in the first place? Yeah. And you shouldn't be skiing. It's peer pressure. You shouldn't be skiing. What Do you mean? I should? Everyone can ski. Should ski. I don't know. It's not your culture. I just, I'm that You Might be right. Actually. Honestly, I know a lot of Armenians who Ski I took you to Armenia. Yeah, And. I didn't see a lot of ski. There's not bums around. There's not. But if I was on the mountain And, I fell, do I just yell, help me Tanner. And you just show up? Or how do you, how do you know?


It depends. So we do like one of our jobs. So one day a week we're a dispatcher. So we sit in the office, the radio and the phone answer phone calls. Oh. We get a lot of people who call just like, this person needs help. And, I. We're like All. right. We'll go check it out. But that's one way. Or you just can scream help. Can you ever send one of those giant St. Bernards with a barrel of brandy around its neck? Yeah. Do they still exist? I was wondering when the same Bernard would come and play with you two. Yeah. Or Maybe have, Or maybe Tanner, you could just carry a lot of brandy with you Around. Yeah. Yeah. Or Conan. That's a good job for you. 'cause you have that big head. Hold It up. Okay, Tanner, let's let that go.


I think it's time. You could Put it on your tanner waist. Yeah. Waste big head means there's a bigger space underneath the head. Shades the rum nicely. It doesn't get overheated in the sun. Listen, Tanner, my question is, is the, is the, the St. Bernard, is that something that just exists in cartoons now? Or did it ever really, would you guys ever use one? So We do have avalanche dogs in service on the mountain. We have three, four dogs on the mountain. We have a German shepherd, a LA two lab labs, And. then we have one kind of mixed breed and they're trained for, but they're cent mainly trained for avalanche rescue.


Okay, let's, so they can sniff out people buried. Let's Talk about avalanches because I, as you can probably tell from my build, I'm an athlete. And I do a lot of skiing. Maybe you just gotta clean off the lens a little bit on your computer. There is a, I think You may, from your build, you can tell you're a podcaster. Okay. Alright. Oh, that was such a good burn. I say that as A podcaster myself. Listen, I'm just saying you have to lean into the microphone because it's a directional mic thanks to Eduardo here. And that means you have to build up the SCTs Maldens. But listen, Tanner, let's talk about avalanches. I know it's a serious subject. They're more common than people think, right?


Yeah. They are mostly, they're most avalanches are human triggered avalanches. At a, at the resort I work at, we do avalanche mitigation with explosives and also just kicking the cornes buildup. So it's, it's fairly unlikely just due to mitigation inside our skier area boundaries to experience an avalanche. But they are really common, especially in the back country. You get to set off explosives every day, which I think would be a dream job. Yeah, I would love to do that. Yeah, It's sweet. It's a little bit puckering, but it's fun. That's cool. What, what's puck? Tell me. Yeah, it's a little bit like your butt.


Like a butt hole. Okay. Yeah. Like butt. You're dealing with high explosives. Sometimes the asshole seals itself. Oh, I wanna blow stuff up. And as an asshole, I can say that. Tanner. So you set off these explosions and you have to make sure if you set off the explosion And, it triggers an avalanche. You gotta get the hell outta there, right? Well, we're, well, we try to be, and we are in a safe area. Okay. So we're usually above it. Most of our terrain is basically a ridge line And. then we get cornice build up. So we are on top of the cornice behind it, and we throw an explosive tie to a rope over.


So cool. And I. Think that Sounds cool. What kind of Explosive? Yeah, it's just dynamite with a little cap fuse. Wow. Yeah. Cap fuse igniter or a booster and then a little cardboard igniter the space. Like a match you put on it and polo. Oh my, you're you're like Wiley coyote. I mean, you're, you're not that far away from it. It all, it, it doesn't sound as sophisticated as I thought it would be. Yeah, yeah. You're still lighting a fuse and chucking something that's tied to a rope. How much time do you have before it goes off? What's, It's 90 seconds. So a minute and a half. So tell us, and maybe this is one of those things that's gonna save a life out there, so we should be serious about it.


What if you're in a situation where you suspect, do people know when an avalanche is coming and they try to escape it? Or is it one of those things that overtakes you so quickly you just have no idea? It depends. So they can go from all different degrees and sizes. I would say if you're thinking about traveling in Avalanche, Terrain, And, I, think a lot of people don't have to worry about it at resorts. It does happen in resorts. But if you're traveling in back country, Avalanche Terrain is the best thing you do is just take a class on avalanche awareness and understand what to look out for. Other than that, like seeing it at a resort, it's relatively pretty safe. Is There, have they built a mechanism or anything that you can, like gear that you can carry so that if you do get trapped under the snow, you can like pull a rip cord and something goes shooting up to indicate to people where you are?


I'm serious, I This isn't a James Bond movie. What do you mean? Yeah, you know, the world is not enough. He has a parka that turns into a giant ball that he can live inside of during an an avalanche. Is That true? Yeah, It's true In the movie. Oh, well, okay. Thanks for interrupting the guy who does this for a living and mentioning, well actually R 2D two handled this on Planet Glip.


Today's episode is brought to you by Captain Crunch. This has meaning for me. Okay. Because I grew up as a child obsessed. My brothers And I were obsessed with sugar cereals. We loved Captain Crunch. And then when they came out with Captain Crunch and Crunch Berries, oh, I just, it was like Oppenheimer. I saw a white light. And I knew that life had changed forever. And true story. I was just back in Boston visiting my brother Neil. And not kidding, he is two years older than me. We are grown ass adults. What do we do? We sit down at our kitchen table in Brookline, mass, and we both crack open a box of Captain Crunch with crunch berries. Oh my God. And we had it together. Multiple bowls. And I was so happy. Aw. It's nice that you have That. It really is. Break away from the ordinary with the Captain Crunch and bring back the spirit of adventure to your mornings. Everyday life can be stressful, but I'm gotta tell you, it's just such a sense memory for me. Not just original Captain Crunch, which is great then. Oops. All berries. Yeah. They came up with, yeah, I remember that. Usually I don't eat foods that have oops in the title, but when they came up with, oops. All berries, I was there. Peanut butter. Oh my God. Peanut butter crunch is fantastic. It turns the milk into this cool peanut butter milk. I love it. Join the crew for your next breakfast time Crunch venture. That's a word. Now buy Captain Crunch's new Cinnamon Crunch now at a retailer near you. And learn more at Captain Crunch dot com. Neil, we,


There's nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you. Check this out. That's nice. Whether you're going on a weekend getaway outta the mountains, or let's say you're on a dream vacation, or in my case, a work trip to Thailand. It's just fantastic. Let me explain. It starts the moment you take off with free in-flight wifi. So you can stream your favorite show on the go. I mean, that's incredible. That is actually pretty sweet. I love that. I mean, that's insane. I'm always there with my credit card. You know, I can't figure it out. I lose the credit card. Yeah. The phone is stolen. Someone punches me. You start crying. I cry a lot when you land. T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands and an upgrade to Hilton Honors Silver Plus you're covered with five gigabytes.


Five gigabytes. That's more than four of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with the go 5G plus or next plans. These are just a few of the perks that feel like big wins when you travel with T-Mobile And. it. It's nice to stay connected to your family. I travel a lot, I do these travel shows. And if I'm filming another country, I know I can get to my family right away. Yeah. They usually don't wanna speak to me. But they have to. They screen your calls a lot, don't they? I suspect them of screening. Yes. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel today. Qualifying plan required wifi where available on select US Airlines registration and Hilton Honors membership required for Hilton Honors Silver terms and conditions apply.


Floor and decor. Doesn't just have a couple of aisles of ordinary floor options. No. It's an entire store with the largest selection of laminate, vinyl, tile, wood, and stone in stock. Sona. Doesn't this sound incredible? I love looking at floors. Well also you've put a lot of work into your home. I have. Yeah. If you're a pro, send your clients in and floor decors design team will help them make their selections so you can have it delivered to the job site when you need it. I need help with that kind of stuff. I can't pick it out on my own. I get overwhelmed. Yeah, you Well, you get overwhelmed by so many things. Sun coming up, sun going down, all kinds of flooring in stock, job lock quantities, and all at unbeatable prices. Whether you're a homeowner or a pro, you're gonna find more ways to wow with floor and decor.


Take a moment. Just a moment to savor that morning with Thomas's. You know what I mean? I know. It can be hard to be mindful in the morning. You gotta rush here, rush there. But Thomas' gives you a breakfast you'll wanna savor together. It brings people together. Thomas', Thomas' wide range of products pair perfectly for any toppings. Thomas' offers crunchy yet soft bagels hard to have both English muffins. Ooh, that's what I grew up with. Toasty nooks and crannies. Splendor and sweet and smy swirl bread. Learn more about Thomas' at thomas' breads.com. Za a toast to breakfast.


Is there such a thing? Is there a tech that would, would save my life if I was, 'cause you talk about people that go to resorts, but I'm not some resort guy. I'm a back country guy. Oh, what, what could catch on that? Or a big country like that band from the eighties. Would you, what is there, is there anything that someone can purchase? So yeah, if you're traveling a back country situation, you should always carry an avalanche beacon, which basically a giant aluminum basically pole that you put together. And it's made for finding victims. So you can poke and prod the snow and hit a body. And that's where, you know, you found the buried victim. Oh, I see. But that's, that's for the rescuer. I'm talking about anything that I could have on my person so that if I get buried it, you know, like a long straw I can assemble under the snow that I stick outta the snow and then I can breathe through it. Yeah. Well there's A few things. Big country guys. There's something Called back, sorry, it's called back country. Sorry, go ahead. But maybe they're, they don't, they're laughing and stuff. but you know what they, they laughed at Edison, they laughed at Tesla. They laughed at Musk and they should laugh at Musk. What's what, what do you think? What about my idea with the long straw? So There is a vie lung that's attached to the, your backpack you wear and it's basically a little tube you can breathe in. The hard part about that is it's really hard to find when you're getting thrown around in an avalanche. Yeah. There's also airbags that have a little CO2 cartilage on it that you pull. See that's what I'm talking about. Yes. It'll inflate in the back and it'll kind of keep you above the surface. That's, that's good to know. The biggest thing is just, yeah. And it's pretty easy to avoid Avalanche Terrain. A lot of places have forecasters that go out and tell you what Avalanche Terrain that what I I'm will be that danger. I'm gonna avoid them. I Just, that's, that's, that's my strategy. Just to not put Avalanche Terrain. Is there a chance if there, and do you have a nail clipper that you're holding Tanner? Yeah, I was, I was trim my nails during The, okay, listen, Jesus Tanner, I am an iconic figure in American cultural history. And, I'm chatting with you and all of a sudden I see you, you're doing something And I. See you've got a nail clipper. You're like, yeah, I'll kill two birds with one stone. Tanner in your double tasking here, Did. you think I'll cut my nails while talking to Conan or going, I'll talk to Conan while I'm cutting my nails? Well, I was trimming 'em during the weight room thing and then I decided to just fidget with it. Yeah. Okay. Well listen, I didn't take it focused. I don't take it personally. I'm sure we're Interrupting his nail time. Yeah. Yeah. Let's see him. Let's see how they're looking. You ever think I'm a busy person, Conan? Oh Yeah. Okay. You know what? Good point. And by The way, Conan, you called him. He didn't even ask to do this. Okay, Well, I was just curious. I had some questions and occasionally I'd like to check in on how things are going in Donley, Idaho. I would keep


my nails long so I could claw out of the snow and ice. Oh boy. I think you're making, you're taking a big risk. Cutting them short, you know? Yeah. But you gotta think about hypothermia. Yeah. Oh, well, we never really do. I run so hot brain brain cooking. What so many ideas. You Mean you think so much that you, it warms your body that during an avalanche you won't freeze to death. Oh yeah. I'm my, I think my resting body temperature is like 109 degrees. So the Snow will just melt around you. Yeah. Okay. So's a steam cloud that follows me wherever I go when I'm skiing. What I love this. I love learning so much. And do you have a question for me, Tanner? I I feel like I can't help you much. You seem like a very cool, calm, collected guy who's well groomed.


What, what would you like to ask me? So have you I know you've skied before, but have you ever had to be rescued by ski patrol? Never. And if not, what do you think your injury would be? Okay. Well, that's fun. I think, well, first of all, I've never had to, I, you know what I have done? I was skiing once, And I saw a guy who was kind of outta control slam into somebody. And that person who got, who got slammed hit a tree pretty hard. So I was one of those people that like stopped and took my skis off and tried to make a barrier, you know, to keep other skiers away. And we waited for the ski patrol.


That was the right thing to do. Right. Make a little barrier with the skis. Yeah. Someone told me maybe, maybe it's not a good idea because several people got impaled coming down the hill. Pointed them out. Yeah. Yeah. I, I, I think I killed six people trying to protect the person who was lightly bruised by the tree. Are you a good skier? You a good, I'm a pretty good skier. Hey, that's cool. I've been skiing. I skied as a kid. I started out skiing in Massachusetts, which by the way, I love you Massachusetts, but not ski country. Mm. You'd the highest rise was like 45 feet above elevation. But then we started going up to New Hampshire, take a bus up there. And this was back in the day when you just skied in your jeans.


Yeah. Like we, and it was, I loved it. And then I thought that was skiing. And then finally, I would say sometime in the mid nineties, well into doing my late night show, I had a chance to host some events at an Aspen comedy festival. And I went to Aspen for the first time. And I saw skiing out in the west. And it opened my eyes. It was so fantastic. I just fell in love with it. So I love it there. Do you do pizza sliced french fries? Pizza sliced French fries? No. No. I, I got outta that a long time ago. Okay. But that's my way. Yeah. Well I mean, you just, you ski with pizza and french fries. She's a great skier, but she's has a full compliment of high carb food.


So no, I've never called ski patrol for help myself. What would my injury be? I mean, man, I, I don't, I'm, I'm just gonna have to say I'm probably, it's gonna be, I'm mostly leg. I'm 95% leg And I think it's gonna be something with my legs. Yeah. Unless It, like, somehow you could get an ego bruise on the slopes, you know, like Bruised ego. I was wondering if you would be like the guy that would go like, I can ski this double black and get halfway down and be like, Nope, I can't Do it. You know what, I would never, ever, I, I have too much shame. I would never call ski patrol to help me get down a mountain. I'm fairly confident. Unless it's a straight drop cliff, I can get down something.


It's not gonna look great. But I can get down it. I do not think I would call to say, help me get down this, this, this mountain. I would be too, I would just rather die than what? Yeah. I, instead Of asking for help, you would just be like, okay, this is it For me. Yeah. I would, 'cause I think, I mean, first of all, think of the cliques. If I'm found frozen on a mountain, wow. A lot of clicks. but I but I don't wanna be, the don don't want to be calling you Tanner and saying, help me, help me. I don't want you to ski down to mountain. I can't do it. Yeah. I'm good with that. I'd rather just hang out and ski and not do that. Yeah. Anyways, so Yeah. So you're fine with me letting myself die. Yeah. And then you get to be the guy that found me.


Yeah. Right. And, I could like sell the like petrified body to like, oh, Wait a minute, wait a minute. What? That's true. How Did you bypass, how Did you bypass the coroner. Did you how Did you talk to my wife. My wife will be like, yeah, yeah. Whatever you want. Yeah. I'm not using it. Yeah, I'm not. We're good. This saves us a lot of money. Tanner. And then, and then you'd, I'd be there frozen, completely solid in your backyard. You could hang Christmas lights on me. As long as you trimmed my nails. Occasionally would be good. Oh, he would. We need a new coat rack in my house. You'd eventually install a, a digital clock in my forehead.


All. right. Well Tanner, I very cool talking to you. And. I. I hope I get up there. I've, I've never skied in Idaho in my life and I'd like to check it out sometime. I think if you come, you need to come twice. You need to come in summer and winter. You know what, I love mountain biking. Is there a good mountain biking there? Yeah, I'm actually, I work as a mountain bike. Patroller. What? In the summer. Hey, I could join you and be your deputy for a day. Yeah, that'd be cool. Yeah. We'll, we'll give you a little batch. Can you act a little more enthusiastic, Tanner? That's me being enthusiastic I. know what else you want. Okay. Wow. All. right. Well I think you need a heart scan. All. right. Well Tanner, very nice to meet you and stay safe and I'm glad to know you're out there taking care of people. Yeah.


Sweet. Thank you. Conan All. right? Take care. It was super meeting you. Yeah, cool. Meeting You too. Bye-Bye. Tanner. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sian and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sacks, Nick Leal and Jeff Ross at Team Coco and Colin Anderson and Cody Fisher at Earwolf Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer Samples Engineering by Eduardo Perez. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Conn.


You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan? Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend wherever fine podcasts are downloaded. This has been a Team Coco production in association with Earwolf.


Eddie Murphy is back as Axel Foley in Beverly Hills cop, Axel f. He's rejoined by familiar faces like Judge Reinhold and John Ashton as Rosewood and Taggart, along with new characters and new eye jinx. I didn't realize that you couldn't really buy a watch. Beverly Hills cop Axel F now only on Netflix.


But it R


With the $5 meal deal At McDonald's, you pick a McDouble or a McChicken, then get a small fry, a small drink, and a four piece McNuggets. That's a lot of McDonald's for not a lot of money. Price Of participation may vary for a limited time only.