
Conan O'Brien needs A friend is brought to you by ADT. Let me talk about ADT for a second, please. ADT spends all of their seconds. Mm. Helping protect all of yours. That's a cool idea because a lot can happen in a second. Did. you know that. That's true. That is true. Like, one second, your baby can't walk, then suddenly bang, they can walk. Except for me, I didn't walk till I was about nine. Oh, yeah. We don't know what was wrong. Legs were fine. Apparently it's just a lack of will. You just chose Not to. Okay. No. One second. You're happily single. The next second you catch a glimpse of someone and well, maybe You don't wanna be single anymore. That did happen to me. Oh, I know it did. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And then years later, I met my wife. Oh, I love you, baby. No, maybe one second. You have a business idea that seems like a pipe dream. And the next you have an LLC and a dream come true. Wow. This whole second thing is really something. Yeah. And when it comes to your home, one second, you feel safe. And the next, well, even if something does happen, guess what? You can still feel safe thanks to ADT. After all, ADT is America's most trusted name in home security because when every second counts count on ADT. Isn't that nice? I like that. I like how that all came around. Yeah. I was worried for a while. It wouldn't get to ADT. I mean, I think ADT should be, she the one worried about it. But. anyway. Visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT


as


Drive into summer with the Honda CR-V and Accord. Your fun to drive weekend getaway vehicles from Honda, the 2024 Kelley Blue Books kbb.com Best value brand. So hurry in to the Honda Summer event for a limited time, well qualified buyers can get a 2.9% A PR on a 2025 CR-V. Or 2024 Accord. See dealer for financing details based on 2024 Consumer Choice Awards from Kelley Blue Book. Visit kbb.com for more information.


The sizzle of McDonald's sausage. It's enough to make you crave your favorite breakfasts. Enough to head over to McDonald's enough to make you really wish this commercial were scratch and sniff. And if you're a sausage person, now get two satisfyingly savory sausage McGriddles. Sausage, biscuits, or sausage burritos for just 3 33. Or mix and match Price of participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer or combo meal. Single item at regular price.


What's Up? This is Mike Diamond Mike D. And I. Feel optimistically uncertain about being Conan O'Brien's. Friend. I am Adam Horowitz. AKA ad Rock of the Beastie. Boys. And. I. Feel don don't know. I feel like I would be, I'd be kind of bullshitting if I said, I mean, we've met before, but I I certainly would like to be. but I am not yet friends with Conan O'Brien. You're saying you're okay with the idea of us being friends. No, I mean, yeah. Yeah. I have enough friends. Fall here.


Back to school. Ring Bell shoes. Walking. loose the fence. And I friends. Hey there. Welcome to Conan O'Brien. Needs a friend joined by my fellow attorney, son of Obsession. Hello. And that was my, that that's Wow. Yeah. That's how an attorney sounds. That was my attorney voice. Very good. Hello? Yes. Okay. Objection. Just cost me no. Oh, that's a judge. Sustained. Okay. No Overruled, Sir. All. right? You got it. No one knows the law like you Sona.


Of course. Matt Gorley. Hello Ladies and gentlemen of the Jury. Okay. All, right. Oh, I object. I object. I'm a caricature Now. I don't know much about such city things, but I know an honest man when I see one. Well, it's clear Sony. You don't know what a lawyer is. And. I don't. I don't. Yeah. And you, your only exposure is through cartoons. I guess that's most things. Yeah. Maybe one children's production of 12 Angry Men. But who am I to talk? I've lived off of caricatures for many years. You could be a good lawyer. Do I? Yeah. I, this is a true story. I had an uncle who always wanted me to be a lawyer 'cause he was a lawyer. Mm. And he was always saying, you'd be a great lawyer and you should do, and your mom's a lawyer.


And my mom's a lawyer. And so he was saying, you should be a lawyer all the time. And he was pushing me. And then I graduate college, I start becoming a comedy writer. I'm actually starting to have success at it. And he would still say, you should be a lawyer. And I would think, huh, I'm actually, this is doing okay. Then I'm working on Saturday Night Live. Then I'm getting on camera a little bit and he's still saying, you should be a lawyer. And then I'm on the Simpsons. And I would see him and he'd still bring it up. Then I get the late night show. And I. Swear to God. He called the head. 'cause because he had, they, he had gone to the same college as the head of NBC. Oh. So he suddenly didn't know him, and they were years apart, but he suddenly got his number and he called him and he said, what is all this about Conan doing this late night show?


That guy should be a lawyer. Oh my God. No, he didn't. He did. No, he did. He didn't. He, so I get a call from Bob Wright, who's like, you know, runs NBC for General Electric. Oh, he, and he was laughing. He was like, this guy just got on the phone and yelled at me and said, Conan should be a lawyer. And I'm like, yeah, I know. You should have told him he should have been a comedian. Yeah. You should have a late night show. But, but his argument was, you know, if you're a lawyer, you get to be your own director and your own actor and you're your own script. And I was like, no, no, no. I, it trust me. Very few people have played night shows this A thing. Did he ever come around? I don't think so. I think it was always a mystery to him. And to, and to be fair, you know, I just came from people that knew nothing about show business and didn't care about show business.


So I think it was, it was just felt like, what the hell is he doing? Wow. What is this nonsense? Knock it off. Go to BC Law and be a lawyer. And, and, and, you know, I'm sure there was some people out there that would say, that would've been a better use of my time. But yeah, it was just, that was interesting. Think Did. you ever wanna be a lawyer? No. No. I always thought, I, I just, I'm sorry, what the fuck? Because I would've done a really great job at being a lawyer. You'd have to, you'd have to. No, you couldn't do that. Why Do you think you could be a lawyer? And. I Couldn't be. Yeah. Didn't say I could be a lawyer. I said that someone else wanted me to be a lawyer. You should not be a lawyer. I could Be a lawyer.


You wouldn't show up at the, your client would be sitting there. Yes. How, how fiercely have I fought traffic tickets? Oh, sure. That's just a small, small glimpse. I'll give her that. She's amazing. And she used to miss whole days at work because she was in traffic court and she would admit upfront, oh yeah, no, I was doing 95 miles an hour. Yeah. In a children's parking lot in elementary school. And they caught me Children's parking lot, you know, elementary school parking Lot and whatever. And, and then, and then she'd be, you'd go there and you'd say all this bullshit to the judge and you'd get off. I would win. Yes. That's what we need. But that's, we need the doubles. And I would bring the doubles, the wins.


I'd be, yeah. The wins. The wins. I'd be one of those billboard lawyers. And everybody would Come like Sweet James. Yeah. Oh, Okay. Like Jacob Romy. But here's the problem. I think you're very motivated when you've, someone's done you wrong. The man has given you a ticket. Yeah. Then that gets your Armenian blood boiling. Okay. True. I guy Be Armenian. Because you are Armenian. Yeah, that's true. Okay, let's not get, take that too far. Arm Armenian. Don't label me But. it does. I've seen you, when you see red, you go into this, this special mode. Yeah. Where you have superpowers. I'm talking about you represent someone else. Yeah. And you're supposed to be there at eight o'clock in the morning and have done all the preparation.


But somebody took some gummies and somebody kept the judge waiting. I dis And someone, when the judge said, Ms. Mossi, you're like, get off my ass, judge. And shove that. Gather with a sun. Don't shine. How's your Armenian blood Doing now? It's really boiling right now. I think I would crush it at you. You've, you haven't seen me on jury duty. Do you know how good I am? Jury duty. That's a totally Different station. That's totally different. Shut. Now I object. I You're outta order. I object. You're outta of order. I have contemp of court. Ms. Stop telling people to shut up in the courtroom. I had notes, I had mental notes for the people who were the two lawyers. I was like, I could do what they're doing. Are You kidding?


I know. But then you'd have to go do it. And all I'm saying is that you're a free spirit. And once there's a task given to you, there's part of you that rebels you're saying, and that's why you work with me. I'm just trying to think right now. If I was in serious legal trouble, which of you two assholes? I'd want to represent me, obviously. Well, they, I'm taking, taking his fame out. Eduardo's pointing to me, Eduardo. Oh, first of all, no, don't take my fame out of it. I wanna be able to stand up. My ladies and gentlemen. I'll be representing the defense. Of course. You all know me from my 30 years experience. You should be a lawyer. I thought you said you're not famous in this Scenario. No, I said I, I insist on being famous. Oh, No, no, no. You gotta do It. Not famous. Let's, before we examine the evidence, let's look at my 10th anniversary special jury.


Yay. This stuff holds up. Yay. The judge. I find you guilty of being hilarious. Thank you. Thank you. All. right. Well, I'll fight for you. Yes. Let's move it on. Let's move on to the show. My guests today are the founding members of the Grammy Award-winning rap hip hop group. Beastie Boys. They recently released a 30th anniversary edition of their classic album Ill Communication. I'm absolutely thrilled they are here today. Adam Ad Rock or if it's Michael Mike, D Diamond. Welcome.


Yeah. Yeah. So you're okay with the idea of us being friends? Is that bad? It's kind of like I'm trying to sell you a Kia. I have a Kia, a Used Kia that's not in great shape. I haven. A used Kia. That's Not you have a, okay. So yeah, but that would mean you wouldn't want another one. No. What about, that's the problem. I'm trying to go hire. How did I know? I know you had a Kia. I Just knew it. I just, I just like Dirty Kia mean When you say dirty, is there just a lot of crud inside the car? So gross. It's just, can I can I interject here? Sure. Mike, please. And you don't even have to ask. It's may disgusting. It's like literally disgusting. Like old, you know, caked up like old cereal and stuff inside.


It's Gross. I don't eat cereal in my car. Not fan. Well what, what is all that food crap. This's other disgusting, but I don't like don. Don't go to my car with a bowl of Cereal guys. I was just, I was just in, just back in Boston and my older brother, Neil, I went for a ride in his car. It's the dirtiest car I've seen. It had just crud caked on the inside. And at one point there's a little panel that if you push, it opens up. It's not the glove compartment, but it's just for, I don't know, just some tic tacs, whatever you might want. I pushed on it opened up maybe 19 packets of ketchup from a fast food restaurant. And I said, what the fuck? And he went, it's nice. If you need ketchup, it's right there. Yeah. And they're free when you go through a drive through.


Yeah. So is this the kind of animal you are? Can we like move on from this? I mean, geez, you guys, Okay, so you Guys are, how's your day so far? You are so good. Can I complain? Yeah. Got some catch up packets. Not good. You're have We have more important things. Yeah. We have more important things to talk about. We have met, you guys performed on my show in the past. You did an interview. I remember bumping into you a couple times in New York. I was always super happy because I was a big fan of the music. but I also always found you guys Beastie Boys.


Really funny. That was in the music. It was in the videos. And I always thought that it was kind of integral to what you were doing. Am I, am I correct about that? Yeah. We talk about it. And. I feel like, actually it's a thing that a don don't know. This is maybe dangerous territory here, but I think a lot. Like there's a lot of our audience that doesn't get that or hasn't, or different points, different junctures over time. I Don't see how that's possible. 'cause from the very beginning when you guys first hit the scene, I remember thinking they're funny. Like your early videos. And this is years before I got on my, got a late night show. I remember thinking, these are funny guys. They're New York. Funny. Am I wrong?


It feels very New York. Well, yeah. We're, we're from New York. We're from New York. Yeah. And, and Well, that's all the time we have. This Is called where people are from. We've, we've established, we've Established This. All I do is Geo-Locate people. And. then we kind of wrap it up. But New York, we have it. Okay. Bla send us off to the printer. No problem. So the guy who doesn't know how a podcast works, You know, I I, you know, we, we all, we met in high school, we were friends. We've just been friends this whole time. And what do you do with your friends? You just have, you know, you're supposed to just have fun. Yeah. Yeah. And so we kind of, when we were, you know, in high school making music, It was fun. And so we figured we'd just go with that.


Yeah, yeah. But could I, could I Add on little, you don't need to ask permission a little something, you can just go No, I do, because Other May I interject. You're, you're, you don't understand. Like, otherwise he's gonna be like, Mike, I was speaking here. So like, my me, I feel like I said It, but permission. It's, I'm, I'm like, you know, I'm taking that Maybe I do need new friends away From happening. That's why I'm here. Because Mike is a pain in the ass. Yeah. Oh My God. I asked Jesus by myself. Yeah. No, but I think like, we, we grew up at a certain time also in New York where it was like a, we come, you know, Adam, And. I. Anyway, yak was an only child, but we come from family. So I think like, there's this necessity when you're like at this, at a New York City table read culturally Jewish table where everybody's is speaking on top of each other.


Like you, you kind of have to figure out how to be funny. Yeah. To survive otherwise. Yeah. It's just your way. That is your Yeah. Dealing With the world. And then I think don don't know, I remember from like a really young age. Like we always, when we first became friends, like we all had Monty Python's Big Red book, which was blue, the cover was blue. Yep. That was like, as important to us as like any punk rock record or something, you know what I mean? That was like a very high, that was like a, just something that was important. It was important to us to aspire to be, This is like a funny, Like that. I always, I'm started out getting interested in music, you know, through The Beatles as a kid. but I always remembered and then became crazily into their allure and learning everything about them.


The thing I always remember is, whenever you ask like George Martin or something, when he first met the Beatles, what grabbed you about them? He never said it was the music. He said it was their sense of humor. Hmm. And I always thought that's not possible. They were, it must have been the music. No, the music was, music was okay. It was their sense of humor. And then of course they were, they were integrated. Yeah. It's, it's part of the same don don't know. It's, it's part of the language of the music is the comedy to me anyway. No, I agree. And The Beatles were huge. Peter Seller, they were like huge fans of the Show. Fans. Yeah. You know, and that you could see once you kind of like, you geek out enough and you, you do the nerd searches of the Goon Show and on YouTube and stuff. And you, you realize like a lot of their humor, you know, they were students of that.


Yeah, for sure. Or contemporaries. You guys have always said Adam. Yeah. Started the band. He was the initiated it. How did he initiate it? Was he the one that said we could do this? I wasn't there. I don't know. I I was You were there. Yeah. Were you ever And the Beastie Boys. Yep. Briefly. Yeah. Yeah. No, I You could there videos, I can, I'll, I'll vouch, I'll vouch I'll Vouch for you. You were there 88 to 89, I remember. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And you were replaced by a look solid Year. Yeah. It was like Fast and Furious seven. No, well, Adam, before he was in Beastie Boys, he was in a band called The Young and Useless.


But, and before there was Beastie Boys, I, I was in this band called The Young Aborigines, which I guess it probably a name that would get us canceled. Like, is is that an appropriation? I Just keeps going. I mean, I'm just saying you need to be honest about these things. Like full closure, Right. Cultural appropriation Again. True. I wasn't there. I Was in a band called cultural appropriation. Yeah, That would be good. Yeah. Yeah. We killed it. Anyway, so young Irish Yauch was our, like everything. He was our road crew. Torme, you know, he was the only one who knew Ash, how to make things work, honestly.


And we played two gigs in one night and we then we broke up And. it was John Barry who was the first guitar player before Adam from Beastie Boys. And myself and Kate Schach, who was the drummer, the original drummer for Beastie Boys. She played percussion in Berges. And, and And I played drums. Excuse me. But then Ya like, really And it is not even so much he wanted to be in that band, but he wanted to be in the band. So he is like All, right. We're we're starting a, a new band. So then it was like John, myself and him, and then Kate. And then I was the one who I drew the short straw. And so I had to sing, which I really didn't want.


Wait, the short straw, the singer. In my case, I didn't want, I would, I definitely would've way rather at that time, would've rather played drums. Yeah. That would've been my ideal But. it didn't work out that way. Wasn't to be. No. Anyway, so then, and but Yak was, I mean he was the visionary in terms of like, we're gonna do this. And, and Adam And I could go back and forth in many, many, we could talk story for hours about how Yak was a master manifester. I mean, at that age, I definitely didn't know what the word manifest meant. But you know, he was really someone who was just fucking, just completely determined to do something and would get it done. I think beyond probably our don don't know, we were a little more like, oh yeah, seems like a good idea at us.


We'll do It. Or, or just like, you know, you, you're with your friends, you're like, oh, we should do this thing. And like nobody like, does anything after just we should do this thing. But then you'd show up with like a camera and film. Like, oh, we're actually, oh, I guess we're actually gonna do the thing that we were talking about. Thank You. Yeah. It's like, you know that thing that you're with your friends and they're like, how many times are you're with your friends and somebody says the crazy idea and you're like, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. That just becomes one of the thousand crazy ideas. 90 that never ever happens. 99.9% of kids your age say, we should do this thing. And then they smoke more weed and they don't do anything. No. That. And Then it's, I think that you're, that's, that's don don't know.


I was gonna go somewhere with that. But Yeah, Go ahead. You have to single out the Potheads. I know. I feel like that's Like I know. Why are you attacking the potheads? You Know, don don't know. I just, I feel like math kids, you know, like, you're right. They're not always doing the stuff. You're right. Always like doing the crazy ideas. You Know what, You're right. You Know, I apologize the about Heads are smoking the pot. The math kids are doing the math. I Know. I think you're right. And I'm, I'd like to apologize. Okay. And I'm also apologizing I know why I'm apologizing. Looking at you To Sona. 'cause she's, I partake you You don't Just partake And. I'm unapologetic. I get Fucked. Done. You're Fucked up. Now. You have twins. I do.


There's, they're so young, but they're also why I do it. Yeah. So it's okay. It's fine. It's fine. Yeah. I had the chance to have a really nice, lovely conversation with Adam on the Warner Brothers Lot. I want to say it was about a year before he passed away. He was there directing, I believe a video, some project And. I could tell he wasn't well, but I was coming out of the commissary. He was going into the commissary and we just had like this nice bonding conversation. It wasn't that long But. it was when we just first showed up at the Warner Brothers lot to do that iteration of whatever the hell we were doing.


And seemed like an absolutely lovely guy. But it's always been clear to me that you call him the manifesto or the catalyst, the person who's, you've got all the ingredients. You just need someone to create the friction or set the, you know, get the thing moving. And, it felt like in, in, you guys are saying that was may have been Adam. Yeah, but it's be, it's, it's honestly beyond that because it really was like, he was the guy who would have the craziest fucking idea that anybody would possibly have in the room. And then like exactly what Adam said, then show up the next day with the equipment that would make it all possible. And then you were doing it. So it's a, We didn't do all of the stuff that he was saying though. Thankfully. Yeah. I know. He wanted, he wanted to do a, a, a tour underwater.


And that luckily that never, yeah. How was that gonna work? I know. He really, really? Yeah. Yeah. There was like thought about it had drawings and everything. There was a lost city of Atlantis fascination that went on For a while, actually. Actually. Yeah. Did he believe the lost city of Atlantis existed? It's Not about, It wasn't about Atlantis. Oh, I see. Okay. It's just this idea of like having this underwater Yeah. Presenting we are doing on tour in an underwater environment. And And I, granted I would give it to him if, had we done it, nobody else has ever done it prior.


And there's probably a lot of good reasons for that, you Know? Yeah. Logistically it's just a lot. You know, There's no, there's no oxygen down there. Yeah. Oxygen. No one with the tank oxygen. And then you have to wrap at the same time with the oxygen. Yeah. It's Hard going in and call Me's hard. Call me old fashioned. Call me old fashioned. but I think, like, when I was a kid I was always told like, you know, water, electricity Came two. Yeah, yeah. Separated. I've never been proven. Yeah. Never been proven. It's just more bullshit. Yeah. Yeah. I always appreciated that the music is clearly was so solid and so fantastic.


And I want to talk about Ill communication, because when that came out, it was such a soundtrack. I just listened to it a lot at the time. And it's one of those records albums that becomes the soundtrack for that time in your life. Which is, I think, a hard thing to achieve. but I think everyone who was my age, or obviously younger who heard that at the time, was like, okay, these are the songs that sort of imprint on us at that time. And I remembered. I was, I guess I would've been in New York at the time and, and I know that you guys, you came from New York. We've talked about that. And then you, and, and you've said before that the New Yorker grew up in like the Boston I grew up in.


There was no, there's, there's no iPhones. You're not listening to your music that way. And this is probably much more true in New York than it was in Boston. Music's coming at you from all these different places out on the street. And that, that was instrumental, no pun intended to how you guys formed. Yeah. I mean, I don't think our story is unique, you know, that unique. I, I feel like that's sort of how things, especially bands start, you know, you're into this thing and it's, you're hearing things and you find friends that are into the same sort of thing and you move along that way. But something special about being in New York is that you do hear it. You're, we talked about a lot. Like you walk down the street just getting from a, you know, from here to there you're hearing, you know, music from the pizza place you're hearing, you know, somebody drives by with the radio or whatever.


Like you're hearing all this music, And, I feel like our time was an interesting time to grow up in like, you know, mid seventies to to hear radio. You know, it was a great time for radio, right? Like we had the one station would play like David Bowie and the Stylistics and you know, and whatever. It'd be like everything would be playing. Yeah. And so all of those influences and in New York you'd go uptown, you'd hear like, you know, when we were little kids, we'd hear salsa and boogaloo coming from radios and you know, punk rock up from the east side or whatever, you know what I mean? All these different sounds And it formed us as kids growing up. And so we took that with us. And And I think, you know, us as friends and like we all do as friends.


Like we, it's not just about the one thing, like we all talk about the TV show. So like we, we write rap lyrics. So of course we're gonna talk about Chef Boy Rd and we're gonna talk about the Odd Couple and we're gonna talk about all this dumb stuff. That's, I mean, not dumb, pretty dumb But. it was important to Us. Well it's genius when you look back at it Now, Like we all talk Appreciate Rod Couple is one of the best shows ever. Yes. Created, made, whatever. Yes. but I, but I appreciate it too because there were so many, you drop in so many things. Like you had a rhyme, you know that because I think we're a similar vintage. I remembered when you guys rhymed Rod Caru and I'm like, who's talking about Rod Caru anymore at, you know, a pinch on the neck of Mr.


Spock. I just was, there's all this stuff that was evocative of my growing up in the seventies. And your kind of respect for it. I remember too when I would, when, when I would go to New York, this was something that was also true was that the times I lived there, you, when you got in a cab, you were listening to the music that that cab driver was listening to, which often was not top 10. Right. So anytime you entered a space, you are inundated. People talk about how we're siloed now. Everyone's listening to the music that they exactly want to hear through their, you know, iPods Air Pods. Air pods, yes. Ear goggles. IPods.


Yes. Okay. I'm sorry. You. Don't have to exacerbate it. Sorry. You could just sort of help me. You said iPods, you meant Air Pods. Yes. Okay. All. right. This is why we don't get anything from Apple. This is why They don't send me any shit. The ear, the ear thing is, I was like, I mispronounce Ferrari all the time. But. anyway, that's, I think you're part of a stew. You have have no control over it. I think New York was unique. I have to, I didn't, I only know New York, but in I, do think New York. 'cause you had music blasting at you from all sides and all different kinds of music. So I have to think that at that time, that was different than Boston or Right. Rhode Island or anywhere else on the East coast and beyond.


You know, New York really was the, the place that exists probably in, in the, in the whole globe at that time where you had all this different music happening at the same time. All all being blasted at you. You know. And then I think also then it's interesting thing like what you brought up that don don't know, I guess it's maybe just that we all grew up in the seventies. Like as kids, we were left alone. Yeah. Like literally left alone. And so we all, and there were only three channels or four or five channels or you know, it was a huge deal. I remember when my, when my parents got the cable box, that was huge. Oh That was huge. That was huge. Like going into Hyper warp. Yeah. Yeah. Get being able to turn, yeah. Have the box where I could turn beyond the three channels or what four channels or whatever was, that was huge.


And being able to watch like the Knicks and Rangers games. Huge. Back when there were three channels. There's A, B, CC, B-S-N-B-C. There's like two UHF stations. And I've mentioned this before, but there would, we would watch what came in. Meaning what did we have good reception on? And once it was a Catholic mass, but the picture was really good. So my brothers And I just like, because we don't have the palette that people have today. Remember just thinking like, well this is not what we wanna watch but God Is it better or worse than F Troop? Do you know what I mean? Like we're just watching. It's just the electricity. It's like, it's just all we need is the Electricity. Don't diss F Troop. That's Rat Patrol. I don't know any ran Mr. Ed don don't know any random show.


You know what I mean? No offense. Yeah. Sorry. I didn't know. I'm so happy you mentioned Rat Patrol I Know. That's what Three Nazis fighting. Three American gis in the desert. And it's only the same six every fucking episode. That's the show. That's the show. They're just driving around in the desert, shooting each Each other. Wait is, what was the Colonel Clink show? That's Hogan Sheroes. Homan Hogan Sheroes I think of it. That's pretty insane. They're like, every day after school we'd watch Hogan's Heroes. Which is like this. Yeah. You know, sort of like Funny. It's funny shit. Yeah. But It's a comedy. A comedy about, and they said it was a PW about concentration camp. A POW camp. Not a concentration camp. A POW Camp All.


right. So that's why it was funny. Jesus Christ, The sizzle of McDonald's sausage. It's enough to make you crave your favorite breakfasts enough to head over to McDonald's enough to make you really wish this commercial were scratch and sniff. And if you're a sausage person now get two satisfyingly, savory sausage McGriddles, sausage biscuits or sausage burritos for just 3 33. Or mix and match price of participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. A combo meal, single item at regular price.


Bababa, You couldn't have known the scale of the success when you come out First album, you're touring with Madonna. 1985. If you're gonna tour with Madonna in 1985. I'm thinking is the time. I mean, just must have been an in. You're in the center of an insane whirlwind. You couldn't have calculated that. It was, it was pretty crazy for her. Think about it. She talks about it. She never got over it. Think about It. Yeah. Yeah. No But. it was though, I think where we were on that tour And, it was like, it was a huge deal that we, and totally absurd that we got asked to do that tour.


Right. And that's a bit of a story unto its self. Which Adam could tell or I could tell. Either of us could tell it But anyway. But. anyway. Or you could just read the book and it's in there. Yeah. Which would make what we're doing now completely irrelevant. Yeah. What if this whole thing was just read the book And, then we just end it. No, you don't have to go into it. I'm just saying. So no, Madonna became she. I, but my point is actually that she booked a tour and she was playing like theaters and by the time the tour was actually happening, she was so beyond selling out a theater in terms of stature. Right. Like she literally went was I think by the, by the tour before the tour was finished. I think she was like on the cover of Time Magazine or something. So it was like she was this, she was on her way to being a cultural fa phenomenon and but then she really was won by the end of that Right tour.


So it was, is it A coincidence that we were on on that tour? I mean, don don't know I know. All I'm saying is before you guys signed up, she's in theaters. She all theaters. Yeah. I mean she used to be at the same, we used to play at the same clubs in New York. Yeah. I'm just saying. And then All. right? No one ever. No one ever talks about that part of the story. You're right. In the podcast era. This is compelling information. Well actually it is. 'cause she's floundering around around. She's in theaters. It's going nowhere. You add the mixture, the key element of the Beastie Boys. Yeah. Right. Suddenly she's on the cover of Time Magazine. Which at that at that moment was a big deal. Huge deal. Of course. Now no one knows what you're Talking about. Oh my God. You don't know who Joe Franklin is, do you? Yes.


I do. We were on the Joe Franklin show. No, really? Yeah. In 83, 84. Joe Franklin, just for our listeners. Yeah. How Do you explain Joe Franklin? Joe Franklin, a guy who never should have had a show, but magically did he name dropped everybody in show business. He had a small, it almost would today look like a cable access show. Yeah. And he sat there and his show was on for 40 years. Forever. Really? Forever. And he had like a real studio in New York. Like you'd go And. it was like, yeah. Very VI guess V you're more iconic. You're more of a student than I am of this stuff. But he is like, it's Vaudevillian, right? Yes. And a lot of his references would go over the head of anybody here. But Joe Franklin is an iconic New York institution.


I can't imagine the Beastie Boys on the Joe Franklin show. It's so great. And then at the end he was like, well, you know, fail this, whatever he called this that. He is like, I see big things happening to you since you are gonna be on our, on this show. And he was basically like, you know, you're giving the the Joe Franklin bump. It was pretty great. It was pretty great. You're Like I know. Next thing you know. Yeah. Then we go on tour Madonna. So what you're saying, Joe Franklin blesses you then you guys Rock and roll, hall of Fame, Madonna, and then Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Yeah. All true. You're right. All goes back. Back to Joe Franklin Seven. You guys have seven platinum selling albums and that's thanks to a man named Joe Franklin.


What's with the other ones that aren't platinum? Because we made more than seven records. I have bad news for you. I Know. Question at 'em. No, don don't. I did. There's a couple, You know, I mean, everyone's couple stinkers. Everyone's got a couple of duds. Everyone. I like them. I Mean, you Knows Bound To Happen. I love that your mind works that way. 'cause that's exactly, it's what didn't work. It's, There's seven that did, but what didn't work? Yeah, that's exactly how Mine works. I didn't know. Yeah. Know a Music Insider. Would you like some musical insider information? Yes, I would. So we were at our studio here in, in California. And I was smoking the pot. This was a long time ago. Oh gosh. And we had, I'm trying to discourage Kids from doing this.


We had Our a gold record on the wall. It was our record. Paul's boutique, And I was looking at it. And I could see it has our label. And I could see that it has whatever, like nine songs on the one side. And I was looking at the actual gold record. And I only had four songs on it. And I was like, wait, wait you guys. And so we opened it and we put the record on the, on a record player And it, a gold record, And It opened Like, I mean, broke Glass, broke it open, broke the glass and took the, they put The record, actual Record on there Of the thing And. it was somebody doing like piano versions of like Barry Manalow like feelings and Yeah, yeah. Just some other shit. So When someone has a gold record, they just take any record Apparently. Apparently Pages I don Dunno about anybody else.


I mean, I'm telling you, I like to think that for, you know, yes. Barbara Streisand, Donna Summer, like a real man mega star that it was actually their record. This should lead this. But in our case it was some, like I'm saying, Somebody was like this a documentary whoever's record that was, I'm just talking, I'm Yeah, That's a free lead to like a quiz show kind of investigation. 'cause I think all gold records need to be examined. They all need to be recalled and you need to go to every, you know, and you should check them out because it's probably not their record and recount. And if it's not on a massive scale recount. It's a recount. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. We need a recall of all This. Is, this is gold and platinum plaques maybe The most important thing facing America right now.


Oh yeah. At least for the next couple of months. Okay. Yeah. All the energy should go in, right? Yeah. Well you can be a big part of this like next time, you know, say Lady Gagas here. You could, you could, you know, really urge her to, to do the same flavor You guys have come to the right place. Platinum. I have incredible power in the music industry. Yeah. I didn't know you could play those. I just thought they were decorative. I thought they were. Yeah. I didn't know either. I didn't know. I hadn't thought About it. Well it turned out it basically seemed like I, yesterday it was somebody's record that was spray painted gold or something. don don't know some because Who would, who would break the glass and put it on a turntable? They weren't counting on you guys. No. You were the X factor. We were the sleuths that uncovered this incredible crime break.


This could be, this could be an action movie with John Cena. Oh, I'm just saying. Yeah. No, John Cena and the Rock. The Rock. The, I can't afford The Rock. No, no. One or the other. We can't do both. Just stick to John Cena. We can get John Cena Because, because he does commercials. Jason. Jason Momoa Too much. Alright, but how about this? Jason Statham is the bad guy who makes the plaques. This is way too hot for me right now. I love it. I want in on this. And I'd like to be a producer, but also I'd like to be in the film. Mm. I. can I just say this now that we're, we're in Hollywood, California, I, anybody that like makes action movies, I just wanna be in the background during an action scene.


I want to get pushed into like a, A thing of fruit. That's what I just wanna be in a movie where like they're chasing In some Wait, why thing of fruit? Why Pushes me into like a fruit cart? Why Fruit I know. I think Adam a rock would like to be pushed into fruit in the background of, but Wait a minute, fruit. Is that like a safe landing? Like what is what? It's just Always the thing where like people are walking, they're like, oh, and the car comes, they get pushed into the thing of fruit. Yeah. Well There's always the chase scene that Right. That goes through like the, that's what I'm saying. Like hotel kitchen and the cafe or something to the secret back entrance. This was my coffee reference. The cafe. Sorry. Yeah. I'll see that that is done. I'll see that that happens. The Listeners. Listeners. Yeah. That and the And please. Yeah. Un help us uncover this platinum plaque.


Yeah, gold Controversy. Gold. It wasn't platinum in the story. It wasn't, it was, you're right. It was gold. I'm sorry, but stickler for the details. I'm gonna say that probably the same for the platinum. Yeah. Who knows. Yeah. Or maybe it's a status thing. Like gold. You like, eh, I Know spray paint that. Yeah. I don that album by the part family. It's true. Mean platinum. Maybe they had a Yeah. A better eye for detail. And they, yeah. Guys, you moved to LA what year? Did. you move to LA I'm gonna get this thing back on track. We came out here to record Paul's boutique. 'cause we were working with these producers called the Dust Brothers who were from out here. And then we'd had this whole falling out with Russell Simmons and Def Jam. And we just wanted to get away from like the, the New York scene that we were in.


And so we were coming out here to record that album. Now Did, you have, 'cause I'll admit to having an attitude a bit about coming to La Did. you have an attitude about Yeah, I, I definitely had an attitude. But then, then we, I think I still do. We got it Got because I'm not good about driving to like, are you good about actually driving to all stuff? I'm one of the best drivers in the world. Well, but aside from the drive, but do you actually make the effort, like you go downtown to the arts district? Oh, Downtown. Oh God. No. No. I live in a bubble. Just, just in Yeah, that's my point is like, it's All i's my house. And then there's like a frozen yogurt place six minutes away. And I have my playlist and that's it. Right? Sona? Yeah. You don't Like to Leave. I've never seen the sun.


So Froyo. That's it. That's It. No I do try. And one of the things that's was good for me is a bunch of years ago when I started doing live sets in preparation for something just going to these weird theaters that I didn't know about. Dynasty, typewriter, hotel places downtown. And then I got into a thing where a couple of friends of mine, And I decided let's just eat at diners That, and restaurants that were established before we were born, which was 1963. So we just ended up finding all these places that had been in and they had to be in continuous operation. So we'd find these weird places to eat in downtown LA that had sawdust on the floor that the cops in the 1940s used to frequent.


And so then I started to really appreciate, there's tons of amazing stuff in La But. it didn't come naturally. Hmm. I have a lot of things that I need to I Wish. I I should have written them down. Wait. Which was A sandwich place with the o Philipp. So I'm wondering, was Philippe's on your list? Was your diner thing like a specific dish or was it just to find the resume? No, Not a specific dish. Find a place that was in my friend Rodman and Greg And. I would say it has gotta be in it's gotta open Big Roddy. Not Big Roddy. No, not Big Rod. I've seen his Rod. It's fine. Oh, Why, Why did I go to a dick joke? Yes. Well, I'll tell you why I All, right? I have two moves. Dick Joke. And They're sitting on marijuana.


I know. That's Pothead Pot Got, If you look at my milieu, my ra, that's all There is. All. right? So, so it's just about the diner and the thing before. Okay. Do you know what the Milee MechE is? Is that what it's called? No. Mil Mila is you trying to, Mila is what you're trying to say. So you're the best driver in the world. I went to Italy this summer. A little vacation. I asked, I asked Michael Diamond, I said, what do you think of Bologna? He's like, I went through there on the che whatever million And I had to Google it. 'cause I didn't know what the hell he was talking about. Mike, go, I sort of luck into things in my life. And one of the things I have lucked Into, you're here Aren Too.


Yeah. See? See? Huh? High five Or at joke One of, yeah. One of the things I got asked to do was this classic, this rally race that runs every year. I Italy and has since like, basically the birth of the automobile. So you did that. So I did that. And I. And I had an incredible dinner in Bologna. It was, how good was the food in Bologna? 10 outta 10. 10 outta 10? Yeah. Was it Italian food? So much Italian food. Oh my God. It's like Italian food everywhere. I just would be funny too Nuts. I just, just would've liked it if it wasn't Italian food.


I did get Chinese one night. We did have Chinese one night and, and you know, not too much. Yeah. Were you a Chinese one night in in Bowl? I Were just rolling the dice. don don't know. Switch it up. We'd been there for like three weeks. It was like, can I Chinese food? I can see that. But still cha I mean that's, wow. Yeah. That's a high risk maneuver. So Adam, you've been interested in acting as, I would say, when I first would watch the videos, I thought it's like, there was almost like a cross in the road where you could have, it could be music, but you've very much seem like a comedic actor performer that felt like that was in your bones. Almost like a dead end kid kind of thing.


I know if you know the Well, A lot of Yeah. Of, yeah. Yeah. A lot of people. Like a lot of people wanted me to go solo for one, which is a side note, right. I can't, I couldn't do that to them. Do you still Have the letters? Yeah. Wallpaper. You know. Yeah. That's what I, I, I thought I would do when I was a kid, I wanted to be an actor and then I did a couple things. I hate the hours. Yeah. I don know what it's like for comedy. I mean, but I acting itself is, it's a hassle. You're Not gonna talk about Ronald. Well, We can. I feel like that's your opportunity to jump in if you want All. Right. Well, Adam had a, a very, a, a great role in a great TV show with an esteemed actor, Edward Woodward.


The show was called The Equalizer, long before Denzel Washington discovered said property. Right. I remember this TV show And yeah. And then Adam played a, a rich kid Gone bad. Yeah. In the, we were all, what, how old were we? Like 17 or something? Yeah, 16, 17. And, and, and the highlight of the whole show was in busting the drug crime ring. Edward Woodward takes this like silver chain. I think it was silver from around his neck. And he, he like throws it around the villain and like Lasus with his necklace.


What, Like Wonder Woman? Yeah. Yeah. It was a very Wonder woman. Like, yeah. Act. Yeah. The episode is called Mama's Boy. And. I was mama's boy. You are Ronald. In my first line professional acting line. There's kids that want to get into the back room. And, I go, yo chill. That was my first thing that I did. And yeah. And at the end, the guy has a sword and the equalizer comes in and he's like, oh, you cut me red handed throws at him and the sword gets flying and Yeah. Anyways, that's, that's When the necklace goes around. I, I don't, you know. But you Had kind of like a, a rubber faced comedian. Like I could have been, I could, there's so many things I, I could have done.


I mean, I still could. Are you offering me a job? Yes. Yes I am. I remember in Hollywood, should I have a, a show? Like, like what? Like, I wanna know like, like standup or? No, I don't think it's standup. I think it's, yeah, but it's an acting. Yeah. That's like A show. That's it's an acting. That's the problem. That's what you don't like, you don't want the hours That suck. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta stick around. You gotta hang around. You gotta stay in your trailer. Someone knocks on the door and says it's be another two hours. That's not for you. No. I get tired, you know. Well, there's a bed in the trailer. I know. But then you gotta wake up. It's just a lot. You're right. It's a lot. You, it's lot of hard work. It's really hard work, Mike. No, no. I, I, I agree. A lot of work.


And, I. I, but I'm gonna also say standup not for you. 'cause standup is really a lot of work. You have to like write your bits every, you know, you gotta come, keep coming up with new bits and then keep trying out the bits. And I'm gonna Say, you have to leave your house. That part sucks. Yeah. So you want something where you stay in your house and you sleep Most of the time. I'd, I'd like it. Okay. I can help you. I can figure this out. Does it feel to you guys, now that you're looking back, Rubber face. Yeah. He had come around. Yeah. Wait. Yeah. What, Is It. The way you could kind of bend your face in this great way, it reminded me of, why am I blanking on his name? That fantastic actor from the dead end kids.


Satch. Yeah, Satch. But who played Him? Oh yeah, yeah. Okay. I see what you mean. Go Gorsey. Leo Gorsey. Goey. No, no. Leo Gorsey. Not Goey. The, the guy who's not Leo Gorsey. Yeah, I know who you're talking. Think of it. But. anyway, I, I swear to God you were channeling him. Sometimes We actually, my an am I right. An old friend of mine, max lik was obsessed with the dead end kids. And we used to talk about it a lot. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Leo Gorsey look Up there. He was the main guy. The, the, he Was like the leader. Leo Gorsey was like the ringleader. And then there was, help me, help me somebody. They're they're On it. Yeah. I know. See three Three of us are Googling, frantically Googling right now. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well All, right. So what's Our oyster time? I'm not the lead guy.


I'm like the goofy sidekick. I don know. I, I swear to God I got a dead end kids vibe the first time I saw you and in the different videos and you know, I just thought like, okay, that's a possible avenue for this gentleman. Clearly what you chose was spectacular. We got lucky it worked out. Yeah. Hunts Hall. Hunts Hall. Hunts Hall. Hunt Hall. Yes. That's Hunts Hall. Hunts Hall. You got a Hunts Hall vibe. And I mean that in the, as a great compliment. 'cause I think he was one of the all time comedy greats. Right. so there you go. Thank you. Oh, the sizzle of McDonald's sausage. It's enough to make you crave your favorite breakfasts enough to head over to McDonald's enough to make you really wish this commercial were scratch and sniff.


And if you're a sausage person now get two satisfyingly savory sausage McGriddle, sausage, biscuits or sausage burritos for just 3 33. Or mix and match price of participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer or combo meal. Single item at regular price. Ba I did have something I wanted to say. Yeah. To go back to what you wanted to say, which was something on topic you would, you're talking about the comedy aspect of our band and stuff and we talked about it. It's like when we would write lyrics and we'd write our rhymes, the, you know, one of the most important things was to say something that would make the other two laugh.


Right. Or the other two to be like, oh that, you know, I mentioned Rod Caru and they'd be like, that would get something inspired, you know, whatever. But the main thing was to make each other laugh and we put out a record. People seem to respond to that. And so it's like anything in life, you get a response and you just sort of go with that thing. Yes. Yeah. That was our writing room, right. Like we, our, it was just, we'd just sit around with these, you know, our spiral notebooks. Sometimes the composition books, the bound ones, just Loose paper, Whatever. But everywhere. But. anyway, that was the biggest, that was, that was the most nerve wracking thing was like get, getting the approval of, of these two guys, you know, of Adam and RAP out in, in the room of either, either the laugh or the, ah, that shit is good.


You know, it's that, that was the, the thing after that, it didn't really, It's so funny because matter to think about you guys, the three of you sitting there with composition books loosely whatever, working it out is makes perfect sense to me. As someone who's been in not that pro. It's a similar process but in a different world. Different mineshaft, But. it makes perfect sense to me. But, it also seems absurd. Of course you'd have to do that. Of course. You'd have to sit around and figure this out. Writing it down to me, the ingredient that I think the magical ingredient that you guys had was, it always was clear to me that you were having fun. That you, there was something really joyous about the music, the process, three friends doing this together, making each other laugh and getting to do this on a grand scale that felt like the magic elixir to the whole thing.


It didn't have to have a job is fucking awesome. Yeah. But you know, there are so many groups where they manage to lose that. There are so many groups that manage to after the initial success, they lose sight of it. And, it becomes a job. And. I. I feel like Beastie Boys, that never happened. Hmm. No, I agree. I mean, listen, there's comp, there were compromises. We'd have to make, everybody has to make them in life. Oh really? Yeah. Do you want to Somebody's Yeah. This insane like news To me, news to you. Adam Adam's never compromised but I guess I mean, I mean, yeah, we we're both wearing the same clothes. You're saying that I chose, I, Yeah.


Anyway. I think you said it though very well of just that I do feel, I think we're both super grateful of the fact that we got to basically just like do what we always did, right? We would just get together in a room, With each other and try to make each other laugh. But somehow it operated on this big scale. You know? It's, and it's this thing of like, so that's what I mean of compromise. It's like, yeah, of course. We would let, let it be like, oh, okay. You want that to be this single on the album. Like we don't ever wanna listen to it. But fine. If that's what you think people are gonna, Well it's funny Because I Just looking at the video for intergalactic, you know, planetary or, or sabotage or, I just see And, it actually almost every video I can think of you guys made.


I kind of wish I was there because it looks like you're having a really good time. We were Basically, we Got screwing Around really, really fun. And, and that comes through to me. That's the, the secret sauce. And. it is hard to sustain. I mean, I, I, I'm, as you say, I'm sure there are bumps in the road or compromises here and there, But. it never looked that way from my vantage point. Well apparently they're, they're those records that didn't turn platinum that we found out about those today. Those two. Yeah. Yeah. So we're gonna have Tos because they're not really your records anyway. Yeah, they're that's True. True. Yeah. I don don't know spoken Word records. Yeah. I don don't know what happens.


We, we got very lucky. We just happened to be friends that just wanted to hang out, which we would do when we weren't recording. We'd always kind of like just be together anyways when we didn't or didn't have to I know. Yeah. We got lucky to be, I was friends with, you know, my friends worked with my friends and Yeah. Yeah. But no, I think it is unusual. We prioritized being friends. I mean, I, I guess it is I'm friends or I know of other bands that are of our similar age that are still going whatever. And they're, but they're, you know, everybody's on their own tour bus and Yes, they're not talking whatever, Like, I would say not talking. That's strong. Do you wanna say names or No? They speak through lawyers. Like they Hate each other.


Like, who's that? No, no, I'm not, I'm not even saying hate each other. They're just, you know, they don't, they're not, they're not doing the tour to hang out with the soda's gone. They're not doing the tour because soda's gone flat. Soda's to hang out. With each other. That's What I was gonna say. Soda's Gone flat. Yeah. Alright. That's So you need to that like a flat soda. It's good if a stomach's upset. Ginger ale. It's flat. Really? Wait Your stomach. I didn't know that. Hold on. Wait. You go flat. I thought the Fre essence is what is good for your stomach. It's ginger. I don't wanna talk about this anymore. You said something Controversial and you And I. Just wanna glaze over. I wanna shut this down because I realized I think I made a mistake. And I. Just wanna shut it down. No, The ginger ale is real though. Like, I only know that 'cause my mom told me, but Like, that's what my mom told me. Yeah. My mom wasn't a doctor though.


So said My mother was not a doctor either yet. She operated on many a brain. Oh, my mother was Irish though. Mine too. So maybe that's what it is. So you're saying as an, are you a Mixed then? Are you ancient? I think safely all everybody in this room can say we are. Yeah. Yeah. We're, yeah, we're Mixed up. Not me. I'm 100%. 100.0% Irish. Really? No Portuguese. No. No Portuguese. Whoop. Why of the one ingredient missing? White Portuguese. Boston. Boston, new England. A lot of Portuguese. Yeah. No, But we were in Ireland bouncing around. Not b whatever. I don't wanna, it started with flat soda. Guys, I blame you.


It's your dynamic that has ruined what could have been I think one of the greatest podcasts ever recorded. But no Mee Meha. Yeah. Then What the fuck, where are we now? I feel like that's what I'm gonna say on my tombstone. Now my Teethe micha. Does mi micha actually mean anything? No. I don't think. Why did they get us back here? I don't think So. I brought us back Here. It's, it's mil millet and then M-I-G-L-I-A. It means thousand miles. Yeah. Yeah. Mle mi You. Don't have to lean that far under the mic. You don't have to actually I know how this works. Fancy Jesus Christ. Not a good mic person.


I've always had a memory because you guys have that line about never rock the mic with the panino. When I was on late night, there was a guy I could see, you know, all those years I could see a band getting set up. And that lyric was always in my head. And there was a band setting up Who Shall Go Unn? Just because don don't think anyone remembers them. But they had a hit that week. Wow. And they were setting up and we could watch them prepare on camera. 'cause the, the cameras were just on throughout 30 Rock. So I'm getting ready for the show, doing my stuff. And I. See this guy getting ready. And then I see him driving. I see him tying panties and brass to his mic stand. And I. Go downstairs. And I. Go in And I say to the guy, you gotta take those off in Mike stand. And he said, but this, this is our act.


And I said, if that's your act, you have no act. Oh man. But I, we only did it 'cause I remember right. You're is it pantyhose? It pan It wasn't panty. So you're, I take Those down. You're kind of like passively aggressively blaming that action on us. Basically. I am saying you are responsible for this. For some they weren't going anywhere. Also Hard. He was at a hardware store. Two weeks later, Their families remember them. Their friends remember them. No, They were all taken away. Yeah. Because That's how bad the band is. But also to be clear, but the lyric is about the, you know, the like, I mean they're, this is these, this is not Patti Ho on our mics that we're using now, but it's, you know, it's kind of like a technical term Pop pop filter.


So I misheard your lyrics. Took it out on a guy who was just trying to make it on a night appearance and now he they're all gone. Everybody, I'm backing you. They do, they're doing it all wrong. They're doing it wrongs. There's no pop filter as aspect. There's, that's some tchotchkes he's putting on his mic stand. I mean, it's disgraceful. It was Steven Tyler's shit. And. it had to stop. Yeah. I mean it's Steven Tyler. At least it's Steven Tyler. He's supposed to have Sparks Aerosmith People know Aerosmith I know they did go on to have quite a lot of success. Yeah. Were They It was Aerosmith. That I. do you think Aerosmith runs Joe Franklin? That is that Conan O'Brien bump. Alright. Wait, hold on. Aerosmith Aerosmith could have been on Joe Franklin. They had to have been on Joe Franklin in like 72.


Everybody was on Joe Franklin and Joe Franklin. I was not on Joe Franklin, but we had Joe Franklin on my show in like 93. Really? Yeah. Oh. Or 94. That's pretty And I. Think I sat in a hot tub with him. Wait, it's possible In a hot tub. I I'm gonna ask listeners, Was he fully clothed or not? Well that's, I don't wanna talk about It's personal show. We're shutting it down. We're shutting it down. Okay. I wanna congratulate you both on this incredible run Of being old. No, I'm just making it to this podcast. Okay. Of all the things you've achieved, you could argue this is the acme of, of your career. It's a bookend. Joe Franklin, Not without, I don't want to get whatever sappy or anything.


But when you go back and listen to the music, one of you is not here. Is it a joyous thing for you to hear Adam when you're listening to that music now? Is it ever rough to listen to him? Or has enough time gone by where it's it's all good? Well, I'd say a a we probably neither of us listen to not to to burst the bubble. Well, we don't listen to our, we're not gonna listen to Yeah. I mean, you go back and watch a old episode of your show. All I do or The Simpsons or That's all I do all at night. I wear a tattered wedding dress and just watch in my mansion. No, I I I don't, I don't Yeah, we're, yeah. Shocking. We're not the audience Yeah. For our own music. But no, I don't know. I I think it, it's all of the above. We, I think enough time has gone, there was definitely a period of time where it just, I couldn't even open up a, a, a mus a computer music file.


Something that, that we are working on. Yeah. Because I would just get too sad the process would bring me right back to, to making, 'cause we really worked with Adam up to very close to the very, very end because that's what made him happy. So anyway. But that And I feel like that time has sort of worked its way through. And then there's times like I'll hear something and be like, oh yeah. Oh, you know, the rest is like when you, because now I think once in a while, like our things will get licensed to like I don you, we will, we'll give a sync license to like Mario Brothers or something. So you'll be like on an airplane or something and that will, you'll have forgotten. Or at least at my point of aging, I'll have forgotten that we've licensed that song.


And then the thing will come on in the airplane. I'll be, oh yeah. Oh, that's kind, you know, it's sort of actually nice. I mean, Beastie, Boys music in a good way is it's out there, it's you. I I you're gonna hear it. You know, it's not, it's You don't have to go looking for it to hear it in the best way. So I'm just curious if that, you know, when you hear your own music, is it evocative of anything or do you just think like, yep, that was then this is now. Well, well two things for me, I, I feel very similar. It was very hard at first because not only, you know, did we record all the music together with Adam, but we were also, you know, best friends for decades. And so we were together every day.


And so to when you lose a friend like that, it's really, really hard. And, you know, not everybody has a friend who's like a musician whose voice you hear every day. It's, it's, it was hard. It's, it's definitely less shitty now. Right? But the thing about us hearing our music, like for me hearing the music, it, the whole thing is weird. Do you know what I mean? That anybody likes our band that we've played at Madison Square Garden or that we have platinum records that people want to listen to The whole Platinum records that are not our records. Multiple platinum records. The whole thing is weird. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. So when you hear it in a movie or you hear it from a car or something, it's very weird. Still don don't think it'll always be weird.


I think that's healthy. 'cause it is miraculous. Anything like that is miraculous. And to get to a point where it's like, but of course for we are the Beastie, Boys is like you've, that's no lies M but we're also not like, we don't know how to make songs. That's the the other thing is, yeah, we don't know how to like craft a perfect song and write a good melody that brings you in with like the pre chorus into the chorus with the vamp and the thing. We don't actually know how to do that. So What you're saying Adam is you might've been like a potential Hunts hall, but you were No, We're Negotiating this whole time. But you, You know Linda Perry, I am Hunts Hall, not Linda Perry. Yeah. Yeah. Well congrats on the 30th anniversary.


Yes. Oh wait, no, I have a question though. So, I mean, 'cause it is, you're Not allowed to ask me questions. That's not how this works. Yeah, go ahead. No, I think it's funny like what Adam's saying, like I really think did resonate with all three of us, even when Adam, when Yak was alive of just that we felt like houses work that we're just basically making these inside jokes and that it actually other people get let in. Right. It's sort of miraculous that other people could even appreciate them. But when, so when you're crafting a bit on whatever level, whether you're writing for somebody else, I don't anything your own But anyway. Yeah. But All. right. But no, but I writing, But No, but just, do you feel the same way that like, oh, this is just something we thought was funny to us. Yes. Like I can't believe that just going out on the air and people think Most of my career has been all of my career, I think has been me thinking of things that I think might make one of my other comedy people laugh.


And then later on someone's talking to you about it because they saw it on television or it meant something to them. And I still find that crazy. You know, it's just, we're we're all getting away with highway robbery. Just we're having fun and making things that delight ourselves. And then it's a thing. And so it's nice. It's a, it's, I think I'll always be more fascinated by your side of the business, by music because I, I try to understand it, but I don't. It's just not, it's not in me. I, I like to play it, I like to play at it.


But to create music on the level that, that, that you guys did is mysterious to me and really endlessly fascinating. And every comedian I know secretly wishes that they were in a group and they were making music and playing Madison Square Garden. No, but there is a big, there is a, the a huge comedy music, yes. Crossover appreciation. Like when we, that last video that we did that yuck directed for Make some Noise. And you know, we had for some reason you weren't in it, but we had basically every sounds like you were close, but we had every meeting alive was You're in the commissary was in It. I remember me insinuating And I don't mean that as a shot.


No, no, no. You know, I, I mean I think it was shot on the Warner Brothers lot and I'm talking, I was, I was talking to Alk and And. it would've been so easy for him to say, Hey Conan, you Wanna hop in? You have five minutes. I mean, And I think he had a camera rolling. Yeah. I mean he is like, I mean, you know, And I remember him pushing me out of the way of The camera? He actively avoided asking you to be in It. He leaned against me to push me out of the way of the camera. Oh Yeah, yeah. He was like, you know, hands, he was, you know, will Ferrell, right? Oh, And. I mean he just happens to be here. Yeah. Yeah. He not, No, he, he wanted my Rolodex is what he wanted. No, there is a funny crossover. And when I would see you guys, I would think, oh, to make music that everyone wants to sing along to, but also get to be funny at the same time as you guys, as you guys were, it's like, that's, that's, that'd be fun.


But no, I'm here with you Sona. I'm sorry. Yeah, No, I love it. Oh, okay. That's nice. We do business fun. Not you specifically, but Oh, Oh this. But I love the process. That's okay guys, I'm gonna wrap it up just because I'm not getting paid. It has been 30 years. Why are the sponsorship breaks? Like where are the We don't do those here. That's like, I won't have That's dirty linen. Like where are the, where's the ads for the mattresses and stuff? Small marijuana and stuff. Like when We used to have really fun ads and then this is like a crazy humble brag. But at the beginning, and then this thing got big where the ads now are all for like legitimate, boring companies. But, it used to be for like fracture prints, which turned photographs into Glass, And, I had more fun doing those ads.


Yeah. Then it became, you know, oh, American Express. And you're like, that's no fun. Mag Mago Mago was fun. Yeah, yeah. Please. I don't wanna waste Their time. What's Magosh? I don't really remember what it was, but he just kept, The name of the company was Mago and you kid just kept screaming. Okay, please. Sorry. Now you're please. We don't want them to get into the Mago thing guys. You can't Call me a Magosh. It's a Magosh. I'm a Mago. You're a mago. I don't remember what Mago did. Gentlemen, I thank you for being here. It was really nice having you and I Wish you both. Well please come back if you ever can. Thank you. 'cause you're super smart, funny, gifted people and it's Nice to hang with you And.


I. Appreciate it. Wow. Thank you. That's, we, we, like I said before, we don't have jobs, so we're around. Welcome to work here if you like. Well, let's not get crazy. It's just, it's just nice to be here. Yeah. I mean that would ruin everything then. That would be a job. I Mean, Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sono of Cession and Matt Gorley, produced by me. Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sacks, Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer.


Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Khan. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at siriusxm.com/ Conan. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded


The sizzle of McDonald's sausage. It's enough to make you crave your favorite breakfasts. Enough to head over to McDonald's enough to make you really wish this commercial were scratch and sniff. And if you're a sausage person, now get two satisfyingly savory sausage McGriddles, sausage, biscuits, or sausage burritos for just 3 33 or mix and match price. A participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer a combo meal. Single item at regular price.