
How hot do you like it? Firehouse Subs is churning up the heat. They've teamed up with hot ones to create two new sandwiches. The zesty garlic hook and ladder is the milder option. Can you believe that? Those still packed with flavor. And for the bravest spice chasers, the spicy dill hook and ladder sandwich is sure to be a three alarm ion. Well, Sona bla, you guys sampled the wares today? We did, yes. You had yourself those hook and ladder sandwiches. How were they? They were great. And they had a kick. Yeah, They did. I, I did the zesty garlic hook and ladder. Oh. And, and I loved it. I took a walk in the wild side with the spicy dill hook and ladder and it was great. I loved it. Well, I'm glad you guys enjoyed yourselves. Find out how hot you like it. Try the zesty garlic and spicy deal, hook and ladder at Firehouse Subs For a limited time, life doesn't go on forever. You gotta grab the moment, dude. Visit Firehouse subs.com to find a restaurant near you. Individuals sensitive to spice or the Carolina Reaper Pepper should not consume this spicy dill hook and ladder. Limited time at participating Firehouse Subs restaurants.


Hey guys, spring cleaning time. Let's start with your mop, because that overgrown winter hair ain't doing you any favors. You look like Mo from the Three Stooges. It's sport. It's an old reference, but look it up. It's Sport Clips. Haircuts. They've got pro stylists who know men's hair TV's playing sports 24 7 in a place boat for guys. That's right guys. To get a great cut without the hassle. No appointments, no stress. You just wander in fresh cut in a place that's made for you Dudes. Yeah, bros. Yeah. High fives all around. So shake off that winter scruff and step into spring looking fresh 'cause they got you covered Bra sport clips. It's a game changer.


Hi, my name is Ben Stiller and I feel, Hmm. How about being Conan O'Brien's friend? Wow. Devastating. Back to school Ring Bell friends. Hey there.


Welcome to Con O'Brien. Needs a friend. Got a nice little podcast humming along here. Got son of obsession joining us. I, I don, I don normally see this go. That was adorable. Hi. Didn't you think that's a nice little podcast we got. She's humming along. We got this nice little podcast humming along here. We do. That's how I feel about it. Wow. I do, I do feel like we got this nice. Nothing grand, nothing fancy, nothing. You could, You know, you put this on the lot, it'll be the last car to go. But it's a, I think it's a sweet little ride. You know? I like it. I think it's an adorable little podcast and I'm proud of it. Okay. Yeah. That's cute. Hey, I got a question for you guys. What do you think of my jacket? I like Your Jacket. I like it. Can tell you something. Here's the story of this jacket. What if I said I didn't like It? Yeah. I hate it.


I've had people say that before. Not about this jacket, but I've had people be very frank with me. No, you haven't. Yeah, A few other people. If I'm wearing something, they tell me they don't like it. Oh, I saw this jacket. It was not even, wasn't that much money. I saw it. There was a nice color of brown corduroy. Let me describe it. For those of you who can't see it right now, it's a very rich, It's got a sheen. It's Got a sheen to It. It's got a nap, I believe they call it. What's that? A nap. You can rub it one way and it'll go dark and, and then rub it the other way. It'll go light. Wow. You keep talking. I'll take a nap. It's like, and ka bluey. I also wanna say this. I've never said this before. You're absolutely right about that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Anyway, this is a jacket that, it was like the day before Christmas, and I saw this jacket in a store and I tried it on.


I thought, that's a nice jacket. So I just bought it and I drove home and I handed it to my wife and said, just give this to me tomorrow. And she said, okay. She said, should I wrap it? And I went, you don't even have to wrap it. And I thought, is that, do you, do either of you two relate to that? Is that something that happens? I've been married now 22 years. No. Is that what happens? Tack and I send each other exactly what we want and we don't even take it out of the box that it comes in. Like I send him the link Exactly for what I Want. My son did this as a kid. He was really into tech stuff. And he would send us like, here are the nine things. This is the XC seven 50 5G, whatever, something, board motherboard.


Just click here and it will be delivered. He took all the joy out of just click here. That is joy. You know you're getting something. Exactly. You, You know, you're getting exactly what you want. I, so, so I, I didn't use to do that. But I think it's just because I'm now in a different stage of life where I'll see something. You know, this isn't that my, it's not, I'm not splurging. It's a, it's a corduroy jacket. It's perfectly nice. I I would like to wear that. Hand it to my wife. She, I think she kept it in the bag. I handed it to her. Yeah. You don. She might have tied You. Don. Want any surprise? Some No, no, no. I do want some surprise, but I don't How often does a surprise go wrong?


All the time. Well, It goes wrong all the time. Gimme Time in a gift from your spouse. It can't go that wrong. Yeah. Yes it can. Yeah. Unless, unless she's got diamonds on it. I don't want it. Oh, Wow. My wife is giving you gifts. You're the worst. Hello. Jaja Gabor joining us today on the podcast. Jesus. What, what, what kind of awful person are you? This is not the person I hired to be my assistant. And it's, it's got diamonds on it. You've famous changed you. No, it Has. I'm being, unless it's like nice jewelry, that marks a very special occasion. I think that's what I was trying to say. That's no better. I know. No, it's, but it's like, You know, a 10 year and year anniversary. Maybe he gets me whatever. I don't know.


But if it's like clothes, Oh, you, so if it's Like anything, Like, You know, you wanna get the clothes yourself, I just know exactly what I want. And I don't think other people, including tack really know that. And I think rather than winging it, here's something I wanted. And here it is. Get it for me. I'm be Appreci. Do you it any way that emasculates tack? No, because he it does me. You're taking his penis away. No. What? No. Then you'd have to get a new penis. Then You know what to ask for. If you, If you get Your penis from doing that, then you, I took your penis away when I bought you this gift. What is it? A penis. My Vagina. You don't Deserve, you don't deserve a penis if That's for you. I sold, saw my vagina to get you this penis.


I sold my penis to buy you a vagina. Oh. Henry's worst story. So you, you get stuff for Amanda and she's like, yay. She does not do that. Okay. I bet you she she's a very good actress. Yeah, she is. No, but when you get her, her ninth look, it's a chess set made of cork. They have only made a few of these in the thirties. A horrible gift. You know. Does she, does, does she go, oh my God, This is amazing. Or do you ever see a single tear? The one time we got in a fight because I bought her an espresso machine and she thought it was too extravagant. And she got mad at me. She got mad at you. 'cause you spent too much money. Yeah.


Maybe I shouldn't tell this on the bike. No, it's okay. And you're keeping it in because You know, that's, that's fine. And You know what? We love your wife and I, I take her side. How? But it was really expensive. It wasn't, I mean, as, as espresso machines go, it's a mid-level espresso machine. Mm. Okay. Well, but maybe, maybe tight times were tight. Maybe she knew that we Were Fine. Does she like espresso? Yes. Okay. And she has since come to love that machine. But we got in a fight that day. 'cause she was, I can't tell the story. It's exactly, It's our clients like that. I'll be like, what? Where, where do we put it? Do You know What I mean? That's, that was her Big issue. Here's a limited real estate in the kitchen and it's this machine that you got me.


It's like a burden kind of. But, and also, You Know, it's, You know what, I'm gonna say this. If I get anything for the kitchen, I know I'm in very dangerous territory. It's erritory because my wife territory, my wife runs the kitchen. Yeah. Yes. And, and if I walk in the door and I'm like, Look, it's a giant juicer that only does pineapples and it's made of Quart, You know, we got A problem. Right. We have to take part of the sink out for it to fit. But If you got pineapples, we got pineapple juice, Then I know we've got a, it runs on gasoline, old fashioned gasoline that's been badly stored.


Yeah, I know. I've done that. I've, I've purchased a yeah, a few things for the kitchen. And I noticed that she was very pleasant about it at the time. And then it went away. Oh, well it, it got exchanged for something else. Our our Christmas has like slightly decreased. We're now, since we've had a kid too, we kind of are just like three gifts for each other. And that's it. And it, You know, one's like little or something. You know what, You know, we don't, we just get three gifts for each. What story? What is it? The Great Depression. What Are you talking about? That's Too No, with three gifts. What, what, what, You know, no kids are supposed to be, there should be endless. No, not for the kid. Oh, Each Other. Wait, like how many kids? How many whatcha are you talking? How many presents do you get?


Kids, kids have to be flooded with Presents. I agree. Now, first of all, I'm not saying expensive presents, but I'm sorry on the holidays when kids come down, little kids. Yeah. It has to be so many presents. It's mind boggling. And I don't care. I know people are gonna say, well, this is terrible. What if people can't afford it? Steal them If you have to. Kids have to be just spending hours. I agree. I agree. The the room has to be filled with crumpled paper when the, when the day is over. They Had a lot. But like, eh, also, I also, the boy fell Tree of peace. Yeah. Not for the kid, for each other. For, from Amanda and me for each Other. We get each other. We limited our, well, this is her idea. Look, I'm not a board. I want to, God, this is Awful. But I, And I bet one of them's a walnut.


Okay. Here's your walnut. I agree. I I like to go big for Christmas. I've, I've been tailored back a bit. You've been? Yeah. You've been, I like to just chill. I don't like things, I don't want new purses. I don't want new jackets. Oh, I know that. Oh, you've been wearing your Dr. Zaya special for like 20 years now, doctor. She's got this jacket that's got weird. I know it's come up, but know. No, but I mean, for God's sake. I'll pay for it. I get a fucking jacket. I get things. I like them. I use them all the time. I know. But that's too much. I mean, now it's really, it's Can you literal, looks like you slept in a bus station or something, for god sake.


I Have slept in a bus station. I bet you have. Quick what a question is with who? Myself. Ah, by yourself. Eh? So you were just having a NI like trying to still do the sexy learing talk long after the sexy part's over. So you weren't just by yourself Having a nap, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just in Myself wearing a bonky jacket by yourself. That's Not bulky. Why the bulky, listen, I, you've wore that jacket too long. We're not gonna get stuck on that. But get a new jacket. It's a leather jacket. It's nice and broken in. It's perfect. Yeah. Whatever. You have jackets that you've worn forever to So more than one jacket.


So could I get, Could I get you guys to shut up? I do have Jackets I've had for a long time, but I wear there. But I have more Had more than one. More than one. Okay. More than one. If someone stole your jacket, you're freeze to death. The many jacket you have. Oh yeah. In Los Angeles. I don't like purses and I don't like jackets. Freeze to death. In Los Angeles, it's 67. It gets pretty cold at night. Degrees outside. Gets cold at night into the forties, some say. All right, listen, we, I won That one. You Guys should do a gift Exchange this year. Oh, I'd Christmas be afraid to buy her a gift. She'd get mad at me. I won't like it. Oh my God. I'll email you exactly what I want. I'm not interested in buying a gift for someone who's forcing me. A gift should be about what another person would think would make you happy.


No. What Know? Well, that would make happy guys are people. I'm sending people something I know I want. And when he gives it to me, I'll, I'll know I'll like it. But what if it's something you didn't see? Like I'll go shopping something for Amanda, or I'm out and I see you And you get an espresso machine and the whole thing blows up in your face. I know, I know. I mean, no, that was, you took a chance. It didn't go well. I am gun shy since then. Exactly. I buy my mom and dad stuff all the time. And my mom has returned a hundred percent of the presents I've given her. I bought your dad a new mustache and he wears it every day. Okay. You know what? I won't. It's more real than the one he's wearing. Won't stand For It. Ridiculous. Won't Stand for It.


What are you gonna do about it? Yeah. Whatcha you do? Are you gonna, are you gonna storm out here For it? Like, I'm gonna stand here. Sit here upset about it. Oh, So you, I don't like What stand for it is. You're literally just gonna sit down. I'm gonna sit down. All I have to do when I do an impression of her dad is put a finger I under my nose and there he is. There's Gil right there. That's Not Gil Gil's cooler than you are. Gil's. So much cooler than you York. He is cooler than I'm, you have to have the thing and you have to be cooler and you can't do That. Oh, have to. You just did it. You just put the finger under your nose to be your dad. I don't do That. Put this wrap. Sign Up all we're gonna wrap it ago. Anyway. Stupid. Find out from your spouse about presents. Don't buy that espresso machine. It's too expensive. Never wear the same leather jacket for more than 30 years in a row.


Oh, these are our suggestions. Good night. My guest today is a tremendously accomplished actor. Filmmaker and showrunner. You know him from, of course, meet the Parents Zoolander and Dodge Ball and just, just the tip of the Ice Boy right there. He's the director and executive producer of Severance on Apple TV Plus season two premiers January 17th. I am very excited about it because Severance was my jam. Ben Stiller, welcome. I've contacted you many times through your people.


Yeah. I often get just a We'll get back to you. Well, that's why I have people. Yeah. But what's I, what's weird people? But can I just say something? What's weird that people sound suspiciously like Ben, it sounds like Ben picking up and he says, let me get Ben's people. Right. And then the people sound a lot like you. It's like the guy from the that Donald Trump who called Into the Post. Oh yeah. Whatever that guy name was. David Baron or John Baron. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Well, I've known you a very long time and I was very excited you're coming in today because you're one of my all time favorite comedy people. You're Body of Work is fucking crazy stunning.


We're gonna talk about Severance, which was my favorite show. The, that first season was perfection. And I am delighted that severance is coming back. So much so that your people said, I can watch a few episodes. And they said, you can watch a couple of episodes of this new season. We'll make them available to you. And I'm like, no, no, no. I'm rewatching season one to watch Season two. Okay, good. And I don't wanna watch it on a computer. Yes, yes. I don't wanna watch it. I wanna watch it. Because I think the direction, which is you, is, I know some other people direct, but you direct the majority of these episodes is absolutely fantastic. The art design, the acting, the whole thing is through the Roof.


Thanks man. It's Delightful. Thank you. And Conan, I really appreciate that. Thank you. No, no, that means a lot. 'cause You know how much I respect you. Seriously. Well, I'm no joke. I'm Well now people think it's a joke because you said no joke. I know. I said that joke too quickly or something. I don't know. Yeah. I think Seriously was the first place I went. And then No Joke is trying to say that Too many qualifiers we're gonna, we're gonna talk about it. Because anyone who's listening to this right now, if you're not watching Severance, If you didn't see Season one, go and watch it. It is, it's, it's just, I think, flawless. And there's so many images in it, moments in it, and it's got me thinking about so many things.


So I'm very psyched for season two. But along those lines, I just wanted to go back to, I'll just touch on it. Met you for the first time. We mentioned this last time, but I think it bears repeating. I met you when you came to SNL and right away was doing one of the funniest things I'd seen when you played a grownup, Eddie Munster. Right. But the whole outfit. But you're jaded now. Yeah. You had done a, you had done a Tom Cruise film, which was a parody of Color of Money. And I looked at that film and I remember thinking, well why isn't this, this is what Sound Out live should be. Which later on, If you look at What Please Don't Destroy. And a lot of the shorts from Lonely Island, it became more these short films, which are just, You know, became more and more of the DNA of the show.


When you first came along, I was remembered, the first thing I saw you do was that short that you had made, I think yourself self-funded or something. Yeah, I made it on my own. And was It before Ben Stiller show? Yeah. No, this was before anything. I was, I had, I was in a play called The House of Blue Leaves off Broadway. And the cast, the play was doing really well. And it moved to Broadway and John Mahoney was in it. And Stocker Channing and Chris Walken and all this amazing cast. And I, I made this short takeoff with these two guys, Steve k Clayman and Ralph Howard. And we put, I kind of put all my money into it that I was making from the show.


And we made this short and then we were like, okay, let's take it somewhere. And this was, I mean, it's just proof of how old I am. And we are Is that not Me? Not you, I'm sorry. I met you when I was four years old. I know, I know. I forgot. I'm 39 years old. But there was nowhere to go. It wasn't, there wasn't, You know, anything to upload it to at that point. So it was like a video cassette. And Lovet had come to the show. He'd seen the show and he and I reached out to him because he came backstage afterwards and he knew my parents and was very nice. And he, You know, and I, I reached out, I said, Hey, I've got this short, can you, is there any way you could get them to take a look at it? And he literally like met me in the lobby at 30 Rock with and took the video cassette up stairs.


I remembered watching it. All of us were Yeah. Blown away. Your Tom Cruise impression was fantastic. I couldn't believe that they were putting it on the air. 'cause there was nobody from the show in it. Yep. And it was Jim Downey. Yep. You know Who Jim Downey Great. Who's been on this podcast, amazing head writer. When he saw something that was great, he knew this has to just be on, I find it so interesting that people can go back and look at that color of money parody that you did. And you should, you should look it up and, and check it out. But to me it was saying, it occurred to me today, oh, this was the way to go. You were, you were ahead of your time in, in my opinion. Like it's, I don't know, I was just sort of like, honestly, I've probably talked to you about this before that, You know, it was for me trying to do what Albert Brooks, who I think was ahead of his time For sure.


Very much so. Yeah. In Terms of like what he did his first movie Real Life, which was about reality television and making fun of it, and what he had done on the show. And watching that when I was younger and wanting to do that kind of thing. When I first saw you, you were doing a spot on Tom Cruise impression, and then you flash forward all these years with Tropic Thunder. Yeah. And Tom Cruise plays this executive in Tropic Thunder. And it is, I mean, I've talked to Tom Cruise about it. It is one of the funniest cameos. He comes out of nowhere. And I know that he came to you when you, I don't know If you approached him about playing this, this character, what's the character's name?


Is it Lou Les Grossman? Les Grossman, yeah. He had like two Jewish, yeah. I mean it's never really stated, but it's kind of implied. It Occurred to me. Now that's a Jewish name. But he had requests. Right. He had two requests. Correct me if I'm wrong, or you could say he wanted his hands. Yeah. He wanted to have big, thick forearms that were Harry and he wanted to be Jewish And he wanted to And and he wanted and he wanted to dance. And He wanted to dance. Yeah. And so, Again, Jewish what's, Yeah, what's crazy to me is that when he said those things to you, you might have been thinking, oh, what?


I don't know. Did you right away say No, I was, I mean, it's a strange set of circumstances the way that this happened. We had done this little short for the MTV movie awards where I played his stunt man. And that's where we, and we had met a couple of times over the years before that. But then we had real, had a great time doing that together and had stayed in touch since then. And I had had this idea for the movie for a long time. I had been working on it with Justin Thoreau and Eton Cohen came on later and we finally had this script and I had talked to Tom about it originally. I wanted Tom to play my part. Oh really? Yeah. Yeah. But I was like, a little bit, I was like, too really too nervous to ask him to do it.


Yeah, yeah. Because he's Tom Cruise. Sure, yeah, yeah. Like his other stuff to do. Yeah. And we were friendly and hanging out. He was so nice. And like just the greatest guy. And, but I didn't like wanna bother him really with this. But I eventually, I sent him the script and he was like, this is, this is, this is great. I'd love to be a part of this. And I was like, well, maybe you could play, there's like an agent role. He was like, well, no, I've played an agent before. Yeah, yeah. Like Jerry McGuire. Yeah. He said, but it was his idea, this character. He said, you don't have a studio exec in the movie. That's perfect. Yeah. So this was like three months, or maybe like two and a half months before we started shooting. And Justin and I were like, well, Tom is, You know, would like to be in the movie.


And he had this idea of playing a studio exec. And so we went back and came up with Les Grossman and it changed the whole plot of the movie, but made it so much better. Oh, it's, and I think he has a very, You know, an amazing instinct about movies. He's so smart of like, it's crazy how, You know, he's a really student of, of movies and he's just, he had this feeling like, there you need this element to the story. So there was no element where what was happening back in the States the whole time in the Tropic Thunder story. And so we, we came up with this and Justin wrote a, a bunch of those monologues where he just goes off and, But at the end when He starts and then he said he wanted to dance. Yeah. When he starts Dancing, first of all, I, I talked earlier when we started out about your, your body of work and it's, it, it is crazy.


There's so many movies that you've directed which have so many moments in them where I go like, okay, that's one of my favorite comedy moments. Zoolander, the gasoline station fight. Oh God. When they're throwing gasoline on each other and laughing in slow motions. So good. Is one of the funniest things I've ever seen. It delights me every time I think about it. Also, when you and Owen are trying to hack into a computer and you become more or less apes. So there's all this, The 2001 kind of Reference. Yeah. Yes. Wow. But, But I have to tell you something. 'cause I was actually for another project, I'm working on this documentary. I, I was looking through some of this old behind the scenes footage from Zoolander that I have.


And, and I, I found an old, this was literally last week, I found an old cut of the gasoline fight. And I had forgotten that originally. You know, they light, he lights the cigarette. And I think the way it is in the movie I watched for, it's like he lights cigarette. I go, oh no. And then boom, they blow up. Yeah. But originally it was, he lights a cigarette and I go, oh no. And you watch the flame kind of like, he drops the match on the floor and you see the flame, like, You know, kind of track under the, the car and go up. And then it goes up and it starts engulfing each one of the models. Oh, Jesus Christ. And it literally goes on for, I'm, I'm not kidding, for like, like maybe like two minutes where they're Just like Dancing in Pain.


But You know what's great that is. But you was great, Ben. That's a masterclass in the difference between this, this way is funny. This way is not, it is awful. Yeah. And, and you can't really explain why, but No, no way. When you watch it, you see it's awful. Like the, The long and also this is like, You know, Two the year 2000. Yeah. The year 2000 where four real like, You know, CG effects where like, we had three stuntmen doused in those like the jelly where they put the jelly on and actually be Screaming. So they're on fire for real. Oh my. Doing this. And then the explosion was a real explosion that like knocked the windows out of the buildings across the street.


'cause it was like bigger than our guy thought it was. It was gonna be. Oh my God. It's just like a different time. But, but that is a great, like I say, If you ever teach a class on comedy, right. Which, which would sell out just the idea of this is the way we showed it in the movie. Yay. Let me show you a way that we didn't go with Right. People crying and screaming if it Bends. It's funny. Yes. No, it's true. Yeah.


This bracket season FanDuel is letting you make the call. 'cause right now, new customers can get $200 in bonus bets when your first $5 bet wins. You hear me? That's 200 extra binos to bet on. Everything from clutch shots to last second heartbreaks and even who's cutting down the nets, if you've been waiting to join, there's no better time. There's turn action slang for tournament almost every day. And FanDuel has amazing bet types like spreads totals, game props, and so much more. I know all about this. You do? Oh, I'm a real, it sounds like it. I'm a real Beto. I I'm, I'm excited because Michigan State, which is my team, I I think they're gonna go all the way. They're number one of the big 10. Yes. Yes. Let's go all the way. Don't shake your head, Eduardo. Listen. You are all a Michigan all the way. You're always That's right. Ever since I've known you, which is like 20 some odd years. That's right. You've been babbling about Michigan. This Michigan that You gotta try a Michigan soup. You gotta have Michigan pizza pie. I love it all. And, and, and so Yeah. I say with FanDuel, Michigan State all the way. Let's go baby. Go Drink. Yeah. Your favorite murderers are from Michigan. Anyway. That's true also. So visit FanDuel dot com slash conan. Get in on the college hoops Action. All turn long. Turn is short for tournament. Must be 21 plus in present in select states for Kansas in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in present in DC. First online Real money wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued as non withdrawal bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fan dual.com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Visit md gambling help.org. In Maryland,


A lot of people, when they think about winter snow, You know, snowman, not snowball fights. Snowball fights. That's not what I think about. Okay. I think it's a great excuse to gather with friends and crack open a cold one. Yeah. From basketball and hockey to game night. Winter means more moments with the coolest people in your life. And I've got some Pretty cool people in my life. Like me? No. Oh, not you. Okay. But like my really cool friends. Oh, okay. You know who I get together with, right? I patch Jones. Oh Yeah. I He's Cool. Yeah. SDU Shrimp. I have a lot of very cool friends. RJ Johannes make these moments even better With Miller Light. That's my crew. The great tasting light beer for people who love beer. Miller Light is brewed for taste. Hello. It's different than other light beers. Other light beers are just like, blah. If you like it Okay. But If you don't go to hell Yeah. Well, guess what? Not. Miller Light. It's made with simple ingredients like malted barley for rich balanced toffee note flavors and the iconic golden color. The original light beer since 1975. And still for my money. The best one. Yeah. I remember when I was out with my gang, right. We were all out on our bicycles. Oh yeah. And we were driving around and then we, we pulled over and got a Miller Light, You know, and it was really nice. 'cause it was a lot of people don't think you don't ride a bicycle in the winter. No, but we put snow tires on our bicycles. Okay. Big chains. And it was just nice to sit with my friends next to our bicycles that were really heavy with chains and crack open a cold one. You know, Miller Light. Great. Taste 96 calories. Go to Miller lite.com/conan to find delivery options near you. Or you can pick up some Miller Lite pretty much anywhere they sell beer. Yeah. Tastes like Miller Time to me. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories and 3.2 carbs per 12 ounces.


One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. I know. Like I'm trying to sell my coal miners hat and it goes to a dance troupe. Ugh, that's no good. It's just stupid. That's where LinkedIn ads come in fortunately. LinkedIn is a network of over 1,000,000,001. You can't even count that high. I can't, I can't either. Like, as a network of over 1 billion businessy people who might actually be interested in your business, you can even target your buyers by job title, industry, company roles, seniority skills, company revenues. Didn't I say job title? I think I did. Mm. Just stop wasting budget on the wrong audience. That's just stupid. Start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will give you a $100 credit on the next campaign. So you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco, that's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco trips and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads


in Tropic Thunder when you're running across the bridge and you, when the kid gets thrown, I got on the floor. It's so wrong in every way. It's so wrong in every way. Like that. There's not anything else that's wrong in that movie. No, no. There's There's So much that's nothing comes to mind. Yeah. Nothing comes to mind, but absolutely. So just the Body of Work Reality Bites cable guy has so much funny shit in it. Right. You know, and well, Like all, all those are, You know, collaborations with people. And for me that that's always been the thing. It's like, I love working with people who are funny and, You know, it doesn't just come from me.


It's, You know, it's, well, I could always tell that because all those years when I was doing the late night show, through all your different stages, you would always show up and want to, and say, okay, let's do something. And you would come with ideas and then you would spend a long time making the I this great idea come to life, working with other people, working with us. And then you would do this thing and it would be on at, You know, 1250 at night on NBC and you either saw it or you didn't. This was before internet. And it was, I mean, I, I mean it's, It's great. It Was, it Was just great. And I have, for this documentary I've been working on, I've been looking at some of that old stuff and it's just, I mean, I'm like, what was I thinking?


Because it's such a commitment and I, I mean, besides just looking at myself 30 years ago or whatever it is, and just like, kind of like my attitude and like coming in with like, Hey, I'm gonna be funny and You know what I mean? Or like, I'm gonna like have an attitude with you. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. It Was great. But you were great. You played along and you were always so open to it and you were always like, okay, let's go for it and let's do it. Right. It was the, it was, It was, now I look back on it and I think, wait a minute. We were doing a 1230 show and Ben Stiller would come by and work all day on doing a nine minute comedy piece for us. You know, but I was thinking, how did I, how did, how did that happen? Like that's that, I mean, I I I did something Right.


In a previous life. Some kind. Yeah. But, but also, You know, I was thinking about it. 'cause like I had to do a talk show next week and I was thinking, okay, what am I gonna do? And I should think of, so, and then I'm like, we'll just, we'll talk and we'll be fine. I didn't realize. I'm just like, I don't have energy for That know At all anymore. Yeah, exactly. Like, it'll be good. We'll Come over. No, I, that's the problem is a late night host now would look at like, oh no, I saw you, you did Jesus Christ superstar with Conan. So we thought, yeah, maybe you could do a thing where you're Godzilla and you're like, no. Yeah, I just want to come out in a good Tom Ford suit. Exactly. Chat about my work. Yeah. I'm tired. Are You, I heard you were working on a documentary about your parents.


Yeah, that's, that's, and I wanted to talk about that because, because I grew up watching your parents the Great and Mary Jerry Stiller, and I remember they were kind of ubiquitous when I was a kid. I thought they were really funny. I'd see them on like, love American style or they'd be these different, they'd be in ads. Yeah. And I just knew, oh, these are these really funny people. But I didn't know exactly who they were. And then later on they came on the show in their own right. Of course your dad was on Seinfeld. Yeah. Very well known that way. And Yeah, I mean they had, yeah, they were a comedy team and An old school comedy team, old school Comedy team from this, You know, they started in the late fifties, early sixties, and were two young actors who met and fell in love, got married really quickly, and then were became starving actors in New York.


Mm. And after five or six years, tried to figure out a way that they could make some money. And my dad was the guy who always wanted to be a comedian, grew up during the Depression, idolized Eddie Cantor. Sure. People like that. And my mom wanted to be, just wanted to be a serious actress, but she was really funny and really talented. And my dad had this idea that they should do an act, so he pulled her into it. Interesting. Yeah. And did They do like Sullivan and all those shows? They did, Yeah. Wow. They did Ed Sullivan pr I think it's 30. I I I always get it raw. It's like 36 or 37 times. Wow. And it kind of, it kind of made their career. Yes. And that's, that's a big, I had a memory, I have a sense memory of them because there was that era where, You know, a comedy team could come into people and, and talk about like, half the country would be watching Yeah.


Them do a routine. No, I mean, it was, yeah. That's part of the, the story is that, You know, the pressure that was on them as live performers, which, You know, a pressure, You know, as, You know, doing what you do, it's, but, but for them, not, like, every time they went out, they had to get re-invited back by Sullivan and they had to do well. So, You know, that was, and they had to do like five, it wasn't like two minutes. It was, it was like six or seven minutes. You know, It's hard for people to know now because there's 75, there's an infinite number of outlets. So there's no such thing as, well I, I came on Conan, but, or I came on one of late, You know, Conan's late night show a couple years ago, and he wasn't pleased. So we're through in the business.


Well, no, there's a billion other places to go. There's no such thing as you. You're through kid, you displeased me. Right, right. But this was a different era where if Sullivan didn't like you and you, there was a problem. That was it. That could be It. Yeah. Yeah. And, and luckily he liked them. They did a number of different, You know, sketches every time they come out. But then they finally hit on this one sketch where basically they played off the fact my dad was Jewish, my mom was Irish Catholic, and they had, You know, it, these two characters meeting off of a computer dating, and it was Hershey Horowitz and Mary Elizabeth Doyle. Funny now still funny. And it was controversial at the time because, You know, they, they didn't know if people would go for it.


But Ed Sullivan's wife, he was Catholic, but his wife was Jewish. Oh wow. Okay. And he loved it. And, and that was sort of, You know, he, he kept on inviting them back. And that's, yeah. But You know, you're in the documentary because there so many, You know, these talk show appearances, You know, I'm kind of also looking at it through the lens of, You know, for me over the years being asked about them. Yeah. You know, and so many times. And really trying to figure out like, well, what is it? Like, what was it like being their, their son? You know, what, who were they? What, what was, You know, what's the core of, of what my experience was with them as parents and stuff. I never really questioned until you start doing something like this and you start looking into it.


But we went on with you once and there was a bit that I was sick and my mom was taking care of me and my mom and dad came out with me on the show. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. And it's so funny. It's so great. No, I, those are, I mean, You know, the, and then I have to tell you another thing too. Yeah. Yeah. I, I, so I've been working on this thing for like four years and as, as a documentary develops, you start to, I've never made a documentary before. And what I'm learning is that as it goes along, you start to figure out really what it's about through the process of editing. Yeah. And then you think it's one thing for like a year or two, and then you realize, oh no, I gotta have more of this story.


Or, You know, I have to have more of, for me, it's been more of like, oh, personally, like really like getting into like, what is, what's my experience with them? Because, You know, that's, I'm the one making the movie and we ca we figured out this part of it that I, I've always felt, which was my dad on Seinfeld, was, You know, he was so angry. Right. And that was, was so funny. He was to see him blow up and scream and yell. So funny. Shouting. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Amazing. And I always felt it was because he had all this suppressed inner rage in him that he kind of kept down, You know, he loved my mom. They were like, You know, he was the most loving, generous guy, but he had like a, he had to sublimate a lot.


And over the years doing their act together, the, the, the sort of the dynamic between them was that she would kind of like, You know, shut 'em up a lot. You know, like, Jerry, Jerry, stop talking, stop talking. Yeah. Yeah. And I have all these clips, You know, from the seventies of them on all these talk shows doing that. And I thought, You know, when he finally hit it with on on Seinfeld, it was because he was able to let out all of that inner, You know, all that makes sense. Yeah. And, and I was trying to find a soundbite to, to sort of, You know, explain that where he talked about it and I couldn't find one. And I was driving home, this was like, literally like a month ago. I'm driving home and I put on, You know, your SiriusXM station and it's literally, it's my, it's a clip of my dad on the show, on your show.


And you're asking him about, You know, Costanza and why is he so funny? And my dad said this was like, literally he said, he says, as I turned it on, he says, it's because I had all this inner rage. Jesus. Oh my God. Yeah. And I literally like pulled the car over and Like, You know, texted my editor and, yeah. Isn't that insane? That's fantastic. And we, and we pulled The Clip out and it's in the movie along with the other thing. Well, I don't give you permission to use it. That's actually why I'm here. And I'm editing this part out of the podcast. Let's come up with a number gang. I knew. No, that is, that is, that is, I, I, that's great. I felt like it was my dad and the ether or something, just like this moment was happening.


Well, first Of all, I, I love that. Yeah, I love that. And I do think that it was so nice that your dad got to have that, that role. And then he's in King of Queens after that. And so he has this whole, it changed. Yeah. It changed his life. And there's a whole generation that knows him from that stuff. Yeah. Do You know what I mean? Yeah. Which is sweet. He always wanted that, You know, he had had so much success with my mom, but then there was a period of time after, You know, when being a comedy team was not something that was as viable in show business. Right. You know, as you, as you go into the eighties and the nineties, it's not like there are shows that are, You know, like the Merv Griffin show or that Sullivan show. Right. It's just, so they were having to figure out their c their careers separately.


And then, You know, Seinfeld happened for him in his seventies and it changed, You know, it just fulfilled everything that he had wanted. And my mom, it wasn't as important to her. 'cause she was, I think, happier to kind of stay at home and write and, You know, read biographies, do the Sunday Times crossword puzzle. And, but my dad, that's what was, it was, You know, if he was so connected to the audience to being recognized, it meant so much to him. Yes. Yes. Because he was so deprived as a kid. He, he, his parents, he had such a tough child. His dad was a cab driver, You know, they lived, they moved 13 different times when he was a kid over the course of a few years. And, You know, so he, he was just like, both loving and needy, but like, in the, in the most generous way.


Yeah. And, You know, he, my, they would like someone come up to him on the street and, You know, recognize him. He'd be with my mom and he'd talk to them for like 15 minutes. And my mom would be like, Jerry, let's get the fuck outta here. Come on. This guy knows me. Yes, exactly. I'll do a dance for you. Whatever you want. Boy, do I relate to that? Yeah. I Didn't, I didn't get any of that. By the way, It's funny 'cause I know you did early on, you're a musician, drummer. Well Just sort of, Sort of super, super early on. But was, did you ever think that was gonna be it? Or did you always Know? No, I was not a great drummer. I was just, I Was, I was a ter I was a terrible drummer. I know you were in a band called Capital Punishment.


Capital Punishment. Yeah. Right. I was in a band called The Bad Clams, and I was a drummer. Jesus. And then I told them, I'm out. I, I don't have time for this. I've got other thing. And I, and I remember thinking, good luck without me, and they replaced me with a drum machine. Oh. And it sounds like a little, wait, can we do that on this podcast? Yeah. I, and people were just like, whatever. It's, it's better. It's keeping time correctly. But yeah, that was just a, that was a, that was a moment for you bad. Yeah. I, it was, I had a friend in high school who was the band leader and he was really talented. We're still friends. Chris Robling. And, but I, I was not a great drummer. I really wasn't great at keeping time. What is that documentary about? Ginger Baker? Ginger Baker. Yeah.


That one. Yeah. From Cream. Yeah. There's a great documentary about him. And he's like, so like hardass in terms of like, you gotta, like, either you have time or you don't have time. Oh. And in that documentary, they're saying things like, you mean Great, like a great drummer. Like, You know, Keith Moon from the Who? And he goes, no, I'm talking about Real Drum. I mean, people are mentioning icons to him or John Bonum from Let's, and he's like, no, I mean a real drum. I mean, this guy who thinks of like maybe three people in the universe or real drummers and everyone else is just shy. Yeah. You have just, in addition to all these movies you're directing and you had all this crazy success as an actor.


And then it, you've sort of made a conscious decision to step back a little from that, I'd say in the last five, seven years and say, okay, what I really wanna do is craft things. Direct produce was, that was a conscious decision. Yeah. It was a moment that kind of hit me. I've always, I always loved directing since I was a kid. So like that and then, You know, I was directing a lot of these movies I was in over the years. Yep. But I never had, except for Cable Guy, I'd never directed anything that I wasn't in. But I always thought of myself more as a director than an actor. Really. Hmm. I felt like that was more where I was. I thought I was better at that Definitely not alive performer for my short time on SNL.


It was so nerve wracking for me to be, it's still anytime doing something live it's like, You know, I don't enjoy it. Right. I'm happy when it's over and if it goes well, it's great. But so directing to me was always like a comfort area and just happy, You know, it just made me happy. And so it was really, after Zoolander two came out, that was like sort of the inflection point where it's like the movie, You know, didn't do well. It was a, it was not well received. And it was this moment in time where I was like, ah, man, You know, like, what am I gonna do? What do I want to do next? And I had some space just to kind of like think about it.


And then this project that I'd been developing kind of right when the movie came out, escape at Dana Mora. This Yeah. This, yeah. This limited series about this prison escape in New York that happened in 2015, I think that was there. And I had the time to work on it because I wasn't doing other stuff. First Of all, let's give it Tomorrow. I love that. And I loved, to me it's about you get to craft something, you get to take some, some time. I know how much telling a story visually is important to you. And so you get time to let's get this exactly the way we want it. And I always think the, the plus and minus of doing things that are live or done quickly is we'll grab it.


It may not go our way. Sometimes when it goes well, you get the rush when it goes badly, it's over and when it's time to do another one. But If you get to really craft something, it's a very different feeling, I would guess over a long period of time. You get to think about what is this gonna look like? How am I gonna tell this story? Right. And which is daunting too, You know, because it's like, all right, how do I do this? But it's also, to me, it's like sort of the most subjective thing where you just go, okay, You know, how would, how do I see this? How would I wanna see this? I think when I just got to the idea of like, basically like, what would I want to see, what would, 'cause I do love comedy and I, I love comedies growing up, but I also really love just dramatic movies.


Sure. Yeah. So I just started thinking like, well, what would I wanna see? And with the Escape of Damn War, I was like, yeah, I would love to see this if it was a movie limited series, whatever. And the vibe and the feeling I think for me was so much like, it was so clear. And yeah, then you just take the time and, and work again collaboratively with people who you think are really talented. And you have a similar sensibility and You know, you have these partners. You're cinematographer, production designer, costume designer, Zanna Mora was Michael Tolkien and Brett Johnson, these two great writers. And You know, the truth of what happened in that story was, to me, was sort of like what I was like most interested in.


'cause it scared me too. 'cause I'd never done a Prison Escape movie. And it was like, all right, well I have no idea how to, like, how do I do this and make it real? How do I make it feel authentic? And so I just went to the real facts and the, and and the more I learned about what actually happened and got to the real places, I just said, all right, I'm just gonna go for the real thing. Because that was what was fascinating to me about that story was that how could a prison escape like this happen in 2015 that feels like something out of like escape from Alcatraz or something. Yes. Yeah. You Don't think it's possible anymore. Yeah. And then you realize, oh, there's like the, the system that's in place at this old prison, You know, it's, it's, there's so many places where, You know, things can go wrong. And also the hierarchy of how it works there in terms of with the, the guards and the prisoners and You know, the, I mean the dynamics in a prison, it's a huge prison too.


So, You know, it's like its own little, You know, city or something. And so the more I talked to real people who experienced it Yeah. And got the details, I was just, that was really fun for me. And then cinematically, yeah, it's fun to like figure out how to do something that, You know, hopefully look cool and be intriguing. Did you ever consider being imprisoned for several years? Do you really, I mean, If you really, I'm sorry. If you really, If you really wants to capture the story. Yeah. I think If you should took it seriously. Yeah. If you took it seriously, I think you would've done three years in prison years If you want. How, not, not like days. I thought you did a fantastic job. But think about what you could've done If you had been in prison. If I've actually experienced it. Would You ever consider going to prison for three years?


I would like to be put in Brit. Many of our listeners want me in prison right now. Well, this, this leads me nicely to severance because I am lucky enough to be friendly friends with and encounter people all the time, especially in the comedy world and acting world. And so I kind of semi know Adam Scott and my wife and I watch Severance when it comes out. And I, shortly after that, I see Adam Scott and I said, y that was the best thing that's been on television in, in, in memory. That was fantastic. And he was like, oh, You know, thanks a lot man. And I was like, no, no, no. And I like, I think I put my hand on his chest. Oh, like, no, no, no. Jesus. You don't understand why. I know there's a show business thing.


Well, I wanted he's, have you felt his chest, Adam Adam's got chest? I have not, no. Well, you haven't lived then. Okay. No, but my, You know, the way there's a show business thing of, Hey man, I saw your thing. It was really good. And it's, it's, you'll say it about me at some point, but God, that's so sad. But it'll come out naturally. We'll edit it in and I'll Touch your chest. But I, it was very important to me to, to let him know, no, no, no, no. I'm not doing that thing. Right. Right. I'm doing this other thing where, and he was, You know, appreciative, I think, and then just wanted to get away. But, but the quality of the storytelling, the intricacy of it, the respect, the respect it has for the audience, it's so smart.


And there's so many layers to it that there's what, I mean, I've, I've gone into deep dives where people discuss, You know, just various levels of it and it all holds up because when you put that much thought into something, it's really beautiful when people appreciate it and see it. Yeah. And start to go like, oh, wait a minute. What do you think's going on? And the whole concept of severance is fantastic. Yeah. That's great to hear in that the trust you can have for the audience, which you, you have to sort of like, take a sort of runner on and kind of, You know, just go, okay, I'm gonna believe that they're gonna get this. But, You know, you never go bad when you don't underestimate the audience. Yes. Yes. You know what I mean?


'cause 'cause people are smart and, and, and especially now, people watch television so closely and they appreciate it so much and they look forward to it. And I, I, so that's, that's a great thing to know that people will pick up these little things. But we made the show in a, in a bubble during Covid with no, You know. No, you, You know, you make the whole series and then you put it out so there's no feedback And You don't, you don't know. You've basically built this giant contraption and you put it out there and you don't know is it going to work? Yeah. What if people watch the first episode and say, I don't care. Right. It's not like, like the opposite of doing like a late night show or something where Right. You're getting feedback every day, Every second. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Right.


And so it was one of the, a great experience making it. And then near the end I was like, oh, I ho wow. I hope people, like, I hope people get it. I hope they like it. This is, we've been working on this thing for a couple years. Like, this could be either good or it could just be like, oh, You know, maybe nobody's gonna even see it. And so, Well, the reaction was ins it was great. Insane. Yeah, It was great. It's as great as anything I've been a part of and, You know, and, You know, being in the business so long, like you, you never know. You don how people are gonna react to stuff. And when it's great, it's so great. And when it's not great, it sucks. But you're, and, but it's not that different, the experience of whatever you make, You know, it was something that gets well received or not. It's, you're still putting your all into it.


Well, I've always said it takes a lot of talented people working really hard to make something shitty. Yeah. Meaning when you see something and we, everyone sits around and hate watches it or says, this is bad. That was a lot of, often times, very talented people working really hard and it just didn't come out quite the way they wanted it to, or it came out at the wrong time or whatever. Right. Whatever it is. Whatever it was. And then those same people can work on something and it, it can be absolutely amazing. And, and you're all in on it the whole time. Yeah. So you can't go back. And it's just sort of like, okay, so this Is it. There are these moments, I talked to you earlier about there are always these moments in your work where I, I remember them, they're really fantastic. There was a moment, there's so many moments in the first season of Severance that were, first of all the look of it.


And there are moments as where I think you as a director, the use of corridors and ceilings. Like, I, I, when I watch this show, I feel like I'm, I'm down underground and I'm in that place. And it's a very specific, the lighting, the look of it, the, the vibe. You've got these great wide, like flat shots sometimes. And it, it does feel a little bit like a Kubrick or something. It's just like all the references are absolutely incredible and Bears rewatching, like, you can rewatch it over and over and over again. It's really That's great hypnotic. But there's a moment with the actor he plays Lance, is it Tremmel Tillman? Yeah.


There's a moment I'm not giving anything away where he goes into a dance Yeah. In this first season. And it's my favorite moment in television of that year because it's not part of his character. But then he goes into this kind of dance and the way you shoot it, and I think I've watched it like 20 times. I don't know this gentleman, he, he, I please tell him I'm his biggest fan, but that was my favorite moment. Yeah. It was. So it came at me in such a weird way from the side, You know what I mean? It came through my peripheral vision and it was so fantastic. And the way it was scored, the music Yeah. And, and the tension building while he's doing this kind of, what's supposed to be a joyous thing.


It was. Yeah. It's sort of David Lynch. It's, it's everything. It's like 15 different Yeah. Flavors. It was a confluence of events that came together. I didn't even know he was gonna dance like that. It's dancing. His dancing is fantastic. It's the same thing Tom Cruise dancing. Like, I didn't know if Tom Cruise was gonna dance like that. Did this Guy have in his contract though? No, but it, You know, that was also Yeah. One of those things where it was just like, I was, I felt the same way watching it. I was like, oh, this is so cool and I love watching this. I could watch it over and over again. And I think as a director, you kind of, not to, it's not like you wanna like say, oh, my work is great. It's like you as, you're almost like an audience. You have to act as an audience and you're the sort of like, you have to make the choices based on being an, an audience that you're projecting would be watching something.


Yeah. Yeah. So I was, I love it too. I was like, I love watching. I was like, oh, this is really fun. I could watch this all Day. At the heart of this show is this concept. And again, this isn't giving anything away. 'cause anyone who's listening to this, and you, you need to watch this show. But you, you also, If you haven't seen the first season, watch that. And the, the concept is people working at this company and to go into this company, they're, they descend and they're disassociated from their previous right. Life. Yeah. And they, so their work life and the person who's up above ground, they're the same person, but yeah. There's Just a chip that's inserted into their head and it gets triggered when they go in the elevator down to work that they don't remember who they are on upstairs. Yeah. And they just know their reality at work.


And then when they leave, the chip gets triggered again and they don't remember what happened to work. And You see, there's a subtle thing you do with the lens when you're going, when Adam Scott's going down the, when the, the elevator and, You know, I don't know what it is. I, I don't technically understand it, but something happens where you can see the, the focal point kind of change just a little bit enough to know that they've gone through a transformation. So there, everyone's severed from what's happening in what's happening to them in the top of the world. And there are so many analogies to that, which is why would these people choose to do that? And one of the things, and I might be fishing here, but it very much felt to me like, oh, this is like alcohol or drugs, people, that something happened in their life.


They want to disassociate from it. And anyone who's had issues with drugs or alcohol knows that there's a reason you're doing that. You want to be somebody else because of being who you are and feeling that's too painful. And it's just really, I mean, yes, there's like 35 different scholars could talk about all the different things that are brought up. Yeah. In one way or another. In, in Severance. And, and that's all Dan Erickson, the, the creator, the writer, You know, it was the first script that he had produced. It was a spec script he had sent around and Jackie Cohen at our company Red our read it and thought it was good. And, and I write it. That's a spec script. That was a spec script. Yeah.


Yeah. It's crazy. It's good. Good to know. Right. For aspiring writers and, and he had this amazing idea and this amazing facility in terms of how, You know, the tone of what, of his writing. But I agree with you, there's that analogy, You know, just the idea for me also of these people are like coming into work and doing their thing and having their banter and kind of, You know, it's very like kind of, You know, like an office comedy kind of vibe. But they don't know who they are. They don't know why they're there and they don't know what they're doing. To me, that's like the life analogy. Yeah. Like, You know, that's where we're all here, You know, and we get settled in and we figure out how to get through and do it, but like, we don't ultimately know what it's all about.


So I thought that was what was always resonated for Me. And the work they're doing is so, I mean, it's, it's really funny what they're, the work they're doing on their computer screens is hilariously, I mean, it is analogous to how a lot of people feel about their jobs. Yeah. You know, I'm here moving these numbers around kind Of widgets and widgets. I don't, and, and it doesn't make sense when I watch it, it doesn't make sense. But when someone does it, they're like, good for you. You did It. And I think many people, many Americans watching would say, Uhuh, that's what it feels like at work. Yeah. You know, my daughter was roleplaying going to work the other day. I said, what do you do for work? And she goes, I push buttons. Yes. Yeah.


She's gonna go fa that kid. Well, Dan worked at a door factory when he came out to LA and that was where he got the idea. 'cause he was just going crazy every day, working at the store factory. And he wanted to forget about it. And so he wrote, I mean, to me it's also, it is a great message for people that there are a lot of people that say, oh, it's all who You know. And it's like, no. If you have a really good story to tell and a great idea, and you write it, the cream does, the truth does out, the cream does rise to the top. If you put something out there that's of real quality, it's gonna bounce around and someone like you is gonna find it. Yeah. I mean, it's hard, it's hard to get the access for people, You know, to get that, that script in someone's hands. But I feel like in this business, everybody's always looking for that next thing, You know?


Yeah. I always looking for talent, looking for Yeah. Something that they're gonna read and is gonna excite them and feel, You know, feel new and different. And that's just always gonna be Also this cast you have, I mean, I mentioned Adam Scott and Brit Lauer. Yeah. I is Amazing and incredible in it. But also you've got John Ro, Christopher Walkin. I mean, you've, you've got, there, there's something really fascinating about this show, which is that people naturally, when they work together, want to create community. And there's something happening here at Lumen where they kind of really don't want people talking. They don't want people getting too close to each other. Right. And that's another mystery.


And I know, I, I think the reward of a show like this is that you get really smart fans online and there are so many of them Yeah. That are all arguing about what does this mean? And Eduardo, when I came in, ed Eduardo was No, but, but no Eduardo, you said, you said You Don you fucked this up. Don't fuck this up. This is Severance, man, don't Fuck this up. And I'm like, well, Ben Stiller has been around a long time and we could shoot the shit about a lot of things. And I do intend to spend a half the time talking about sever. She's like, you Don't fuck it up. By the way, Eduardo, I totally get it. I know Conan a long Time.


He's seen me fuck up a lot of stuff. But I read that, I read an interview with Patricia Arquette, who's amazing in the show, and she has this quote about you as a director. It was just about your tenacity, your how hard you work, how important it is to you, that you get it, that you get it. Right. It was just, it was really lovely. Yeah. Oh, that's nice. Well, she's amazing. I mean, yeah. You know, I think we're all going through life and try, I I feel like a kinship seriously, to you Conan. 'cause I know how hard you work and how much it means to you, but you're also trying to figure out the work-life balance. Yes. Which is part of the show too. And that's, that's important too. And I hope over the years, over the, I don't know, last whatever Yeah.


20, 30 years that like I've figured out that a little bit more because you have to, there's a point where you work, work it and work and work it, but then you also have to like also then be able to step back and go, okay, I can only control so much. Yes. Yeah. I haven't gotten to that point yet, but I've heard tell you can only control so Much. Mean I've learned the hard way, You know. Well, But I will say on a personal note, like when you walk in the door, you seem happy. Yeah. Yeah. And I know that you're someone who, one of the, maybe the subtitle of this podcast could be sometimes I want it to be be Careful who You envy. Like I want to talk to people and let everyone know everyone's got shit. Everyone has got things that they're dealing with.


And predominantly I get to talk to people like yourself who are very talented and have done this amazing work. And you're trying to figure out most of the things that everyone else is trying to figure out. So when you walked in after all these years to see that you look great, you seem happy. This, this is incredible work you're doing. And I love that you're able to say to yourself, yeah, I I can go back and be in something again. I think you're gonna go back Yeah. And maybe do a cameo. And I'm doing Happy Gilmore. Happy Gilmore. I've got this little movie and I did with David Gordon Green called Nutcrackers. It's on Hulu. And that I, we did like super low budget and it was really fun. Yeah. I mean that's But like, you can dip into that when you want. Yeah. But you can enjoy this and also enjoy your life.


Yes. Well that's, that's the big part of it. Enjoying your life. I mean, and that's The, that's, and you and I are talking about it as if we don't know what that is. I Know exactly. We've Heard Tale of this Life thing. Exactly. My agent tells me my children are thriving. You guys are severed. Yeah. Yeah. We are severed. We don't know what's happening. I don't, I think I'm told I have kids. I have to go up in the elevator and, and That guy will, You know, it's, I, You know, I've, my your kids are are older too. I mean, my, my daughter's 22. My son's 19. And they will tell you, they'll give you Feedback Oh yeah. On how you're Doing. You know, and I appreciate it. And we've actually like working on the documentary. I, I interviewed both my kids and, and Christine and You know, we talked about stuff that's worked in our lives and stuff that hasn't worked in our lives.


And my kids were very honest with me. Yeah. You know, about times when my work was, I put my work in front of the family. Yeah. And I'm very grateful that I'm in a place now where I still like have these relationships with them that we can work on and talk about that stuff and, You know, and adjust. 'cause 'cause it's true. You know, it's cliche, but it's true. But like, at the end of the day, that's what it's all really about. My joy comes from working and being creative, being creative, but sharing that with my family and like, If you like going home and not having anybody to share that with. I've had that because Christine and I were separated for a few years. That's right. And You know, there's you, it can, if it's, if that's the right thing for people, sometimes that's the right thing.


But, You know, for me having, being together with her and our family being together, I, I'm so much more appreciative of it. Yeah. So I feel really Grateful. Well, I am delighted for you. I'm really delighted I figured it All out. I have no problems. And Why are you crying? You're crying as you say it. And it's pures of blood. Just fucking weird. I just figured it all out. Ben, just a absolute joy to see you again. And you too man. I'm so, I'm so delighted for you. Thank you. I really am. Thanks. I'm genuinely And, and I have a very just nice funny little memory of, I lived on, predominantly on the Upper West Side for years.


All those years I was doing late night and for some reason I would always run into your mom on the Upper West Side. And she was so lovely to me and such a, and such a real person on the Upper West Side. Yes. You know, such an Upper West Side And a fan of yours she loved. Oh, she was absolutely. You know, we Catholics have to stick up for each other. By the way, I just have to say also there's, there is one scene at the end of the last episode of season two of Severance that I'm really looking forward to you seeing. Oh, I'll, I'll, Because I feel like You of all people, I will text you. Yeah, no, we'll appreciate This little scene. Okay. Okay. And it might even seem to others who watch it, maybe weird or indulgent, but I feel like it's like made for you. If it's weird and indulgent, if it, if it's weird and indulgent, I'm going to love it.


Alright, good. That's, that's what you are weird and indulgent. Okay. I think I spelled it out enough. Hey Ben, thank you so much. Yeah man. And congrats on severance. Great To see you. Thanks man.


Airbnb, man, that's what kids are doing now. Yeah. Bla you like your Airbnb, don't you? Yeah, it, it's great because when I go on a, You know, I'm gonna go back to Michigan for about three weeks and my place is just sitting there empty. Might as well make some scratch. Why not? Yeah. Yeah. Scratch is money, right? Like Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Great. Right. Some greenbacks. And it's nice because you're gonna go stay in Michigan. That's right. I's where you're from. But why not make some money off your pad? Exactly. I'm staying with my mom. No one's staying in my place. Let's, let's, let's get some money from it. And it's a good feeling to know that your place is being used, it's being enjoyed and you're getting paid for it. Yeah. And I got a cool place. Yeah. You know, like I, I went to this bachelor party last year in Miami. Remember when I went to that bachelor party that was, I heard it was wild. And I, I wasn't even invited. I just was a, I saw that there was a bachelor party and I went in, I have nobody my age getting married. Amazing. Yeah. And it just was so great. But I made sure that I rented out my home, You know, before I went to the bachelor party that I wasn't invited to. And it was a good feeling. Great. Made some money. Not a great feeling to be asked to leave the bachelor party. Yeah. Think about it. If you host while you're traveling, it's a great way to offset some of the costs of your trip. And If you get a big year of travel ahead of you, hostings a Pretty cool and unique way to make some money back. And then you can buy that special travel purse you want. Or man bagg or Yeah. Purse 2025 is the year to be financially savvy. So don't leave money on the table when you travel your home might be worth more than you think. Find out how much at Airbnb dot com slash host.


Oh man. I do a lot of traveling. Yeah, I do. You know that I do The travel shows. Nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you. That's good. Isn't that nice? It starts the moments you take off with free in-flight wifi. So you can stream your favorite show on the go. Obviously that would be this show I would think. Yeah. You you go in a plane and then you stream your podcast. If I'm anxious about a flight, the thing that calms me is seeing myself. And then when you land T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands. Did You know that? No. Yep. Plus you're covered with five gigabytes, count 'em five of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with go 5G plus or next plans. And I have to tell you, it's a nice feeling when I travel the globe for my travel work, I like to know that when I land in that other country, I'm covered. I'm there. Yeah. I can text you and say, Hey, I got here safely. Yeah. I forgot to feed my cat. Could you feed my cat? Oh yeah. You could remind me. I don't have a cat. Right. It's all good stuff. Yeah. You FaceTimed me before from another country and it was crisp. She was clear. Yep. You could see every mark on my face. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel qualifying plan required wifi where available on select US Airlines terms and conditions apply.


Okay. We found that something very interesting happened with a fan of yours and more specifically some merchandise from this podcast. Okay. And this comes from Instagram. We're gonna take a listen to it or watch it if you're watching this on YouTube. Okay, let's Take a look. I fought a burglar for wearing my Conan O'Brien needs a friend t-shirt. There was a man in my house and I told him, You know, this is my house. Get out. Then I saw he was wearing my Conan O'Brien's T-shirt. I ordered him to take it off. He did not. And so I did a stupid thing and I went up to him.


I pushed him a little bit and yanked the shirt right off of him. You might be thinking, yeah, that is stupid. Why would you react that way? It's just a shirt. And I think it's partially because what that shirt represented to me at that time, all the comedians I had watched, I told them they, they saved me when I saw him wearing a shirt. That represented why I like living. I love laughing. I love combi, I love all of that. All the friends that I've made. I snap, Oh my god, happiest day of my life.


I did meet him Best day of 2024. He still doesn't know the story because he just signed my shirt, took this picture and left. It was like midnight. So this comes to us from an Instagram username. True travels of Hope. Hmm. My first thought is that, were you the burglar just trying to get the shirt off? Yes, I do try to reuse merchandise as much as possible. 'cause we know where our merchandise is sent and so I try to go there. So I'm often in my downtime patrolling the Midwest, the southern states, the Southwest and the Pacific Northwest looking for people wearing Conan merchant.


And I just try to reclaim it as best I can so we can sell it a second time. That's What it was. And I do sometimes take other stuff while I'm in the houses. Might as well I noticed. 'cause she's wearing one of those shirts for the podcast that say, I feel blank about being Conan O'Brien's friend. And there's a spot where you can literally fill it in with a marker. And she has not done that yet. No. She's still not sure how she feels. Well, what do we think of this story? First of all, I I really wish she wouldn't have confronted this Robber. Yes. I'm gonna say that too. I think, and I wanna say this to all my fans. If someone, and, and first of all, let me start by saying to this woman, true Travels Of hope. I wanna say to true travels of hope that I very much appreciate that you're a loyal fan and that our nonsense has has meant something to you.


And so this comes from the bottom of my heart. Our merchandise is not worth risking your life for. No. This is very shoddy material. It's often repurposed. These are, some Of it might be toxic and endangering your life. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. That's an old Friday night light shirt that we Yeah. That we spray painted over using a really an out of date spray paint. So no, do not risk your life. Do not approach a burglar. If, if anyone approaches you and says, You know, give me that Conan O'Brien merch. Just give it up. Just give it up. It's funny you should say that she shouldn't approach him.


'cause I feel like the first thing that you would do, I would absolutely approach him Not for a Conan O'Brien shirt. Not for no, but like, But if someone was wearing like your share shirt, If someone was Oh, if someone was in my house and like, first of all, he just put a shirt on. I know. Also, here's another thing she said, she ripped it off like he's a stripper. Like I, like it's a tearaway Shirt. I think the shirts are so thread bare and cheap that you can just rip them off. Or most Conan most people that own Conan merch are so, and I'm speak about myself in the third person, so love Conan that they rarely take it off and it becomes threat bear more quickly. Hence easily deter. So I think that's a possibility.


I don't know. I I I don't think people should be, should be risking their lives for Conan merch. No. Especially The mugs. I mean, the mugs often explode. That's been proven. Mugs could be good weapons. Yeah. No, not, not our mugs. No. They just turned to powder the minute you hit someone. But it's, it's nice. She did say we met, but she doesn't say where we met. She said it was midnight. And I can't tell from the picture where we were. So maybe it's when I broke back into the house Yeah. To get the shirt back after my initial failed attempt. It would've, it would've been really funny If you were just like an absolute dick to her If you were just like, Ugh, I don't like taking pictures. Don't, but that's the opposite. Don't fans, he broke back into the house so he could get a selfie.


And so he could, If you realize I'm the guy that asks people, would you like a selfie? Yes. When often they don't even have a phone. Like The near the sirens are down the street and he breaks back in going, I haven't signed your shirt yet, Would you Like me to sign It? That would be more likely. Okay. But Well, I, I am, I'm glad she got her shirt back. I'm glad She's okay. I'm glad she's okay. But I do think we should take a lesson away from this that, You know, look, if it's Marvel merchandise Yes. Fight for your life to get it back. That's the weird thing. What's the motivation of the burglar? What this is, what they decide to take, You know? Well, first of all, okay. That now you're being a dick. Well, I'm on this podcast too. What I used to steal. Yes. I used to just be like, can I do it?


Oh. And so it wasn't about I was stealing is it was about could like, and also I got very arrogant. It's like I would wear a bracelet in a store and I'd just be like, I'm gonna walk out wearing the bracelet. I remember once Sona, I, Sona and I were in Worcester, Massachusetts, and there is an armory there and there's a, an armor museum, a museum of like Flemish, British french armor from 18th and 19th century. And we were in there, and this is during Sonas, let me see if I can get away with this phase. Sona walked out wearing a full suit of armor.


If you act like you were wearing it in, they would just be like, oh, she's just leaving in the outfit. It was from 1622 and it had all this fancy filigree on it. And so the guy said, excuse me miss, I think you, and she was like, what? What? I Was wearing this on the way in. You're racist. Oh my God. Remember when you said you're racist? No. And you had the visor down so he didn't even know. Right. He didn't know who you were. Right. Look, I liked just like showing, Hey, I just took it. Yeah. And It's, You know, most of the time If you walk out confidently, people are just gonna be like, okay, it was a suit. It belongs to her. It Was suit of armor that you stole from Worcester, Massachusetts.


And you should give it back. That Was such a buildup to what you were gonna say. There was so much just information. Well, listen, always appreciate What museum did we go to? There's a, there's a, can you look up the, what's the, the Museum of Armor. We're fact checking this. Yes. This fake Story. What Happening? It's not fake. It really happened. It Really happened. Worcester, Massachusetts Museum of Armor. Come on. I'm working. What do you mean I'm working on it. Old baby. Once I had a headband. Higgins Armory. Yes, Higgins Armory. It was the one thing when I would go visit my cousins, every time my aunt would say it would be raining out and we'd be like, we Got nothing to do. And what is there to do in Worcester? And she'd say, go to the Museum of Armor.


Oh my God. And so we'd drive over to the Higgins Museum of Armor and there was no attempt to make it look interesting. Just literally a giant warehouse then. And someone had lots of suits of armor that they just laid out. They didn't even put mannequins in them. I Feel like you would enjoy that though. Did you act like you weren't excited because you didn't want your cousins to think you were Truth be told. Yeah. Greatest days of my life. Boy did this little orange haired boy love a suit of armor. Oh look, it's Dutch. Hey Luke. Hey Neil. I found one that's Dutch And then the beatings commence.


Anyway, take care. Fans don't stop crime. And visit the Higgins Armor Museum in Worcester, Massachusetts. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sono of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aren Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns.


Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Conn. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan? Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan.


And If you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded,


Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs. Modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business Easier. Call. Visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today. Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.


Every sandwich has bread. Every burger has a bun. But these warm, golden, smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best. The phileo fish. And you, you can have them too. And you can have it all at two for $6. Like a Philo fish, big Mac, 10 piece McNuggets or large fries. Limited time only. Price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offers. Single item at regular price.