
If you need help getting into unwind time at the end of the day, try Magnesium Ohm from Moon juice. Mm. I knew I'd one day say those words. Magnesium Ohm is the bestselling powdered magnesium supplement with three bioavailable forms of magnesium plus l-theanine to support rest, relaxation. Oh God. Say it in regular poops. There you go. I went to college. It's the bestselling formula serving over 17 million relaxing nights in the last five years. I'm constantly looking for the right magnesium formula and they've cracked it. Yeah. Take 20% off Sitewide with code Conan on moon juice.com. That's offer code Conan for 20% off@moonjuice.com.


Well falls here. Everyone's getting back from vacation. Head Back to school. You know what that means? That's right. Time to get back into Bombas. Oh, man. The amazingly comfortable socks, teas, and underwear that give back with every purchase they have the best socks for fall. Now these aren't regular old fall colors. They're actually playful and kind of fun. And the Merino wool socks are so cushy. They're like walking on pillows and I've walked on pillows Oh. And Bombas. And it's the same. Yeah, I like 'em too. Yeah. So ready to feel good. Head over to bombas.com/ Conan and use code Conan for 20% off your first purchase. Let me explain. That's bombas. B-O-M-B-A s.com/ Conan code Conan at checkout.


Hi, my name is Billy Crystal and I'm, I'm just not sure about being Coro Bryan's friend. Okay. There's a, I I, I admire your honesty. First of all, there's A lot riding on this there For both of us. Yeah. Actually no, I, you know, I have available days during the week, so, So if this works out, we could actually start hanging out on a regular Basis. Yeah. No, I would like that. Shouldn't it be like that? It should be like that. Fall Here. Back to school. Ring Bell shoes. Walking loose the fence.


Friends Hey there. Welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. The podcast that, well, what else do I say? It just gives and gives and gives. It speaks for itself. It speaks for itself. All that meant nothing. I'm sorry. I came in hot and then I had nothing. It I do want, it speaks for itself. What does that mean? And then it has not spoken for itself. What does it say? It reminds me of now. Okay. This is taking people into, it's one of my favorite lines in a film is from Raging Bull. When Robert De Niro early in the film playing Jake Latta, it's showing how dysfunctional his relationship is with his wife And it, it's, you know, it's black and white. And he's sitting there and he's yelling at his wife and she's cooking the steak and he says, says, don't cook it too much.


And she's saying, I'm not gonna cook it too much. And De Niro is like, if you you're cooking it to me, I'm not gonna cook it too much. And then he just has this line that I don don't know if it was improvise or what. Maybe he just said, if you cook it too much, it defeats its own purpose. I don, when you break That down, it doesn't Mean anything. It doesn't make anything, it made any sense. but I wanna say, Colonel O'Brien needs a friend is the podcast that defeats its own purpose. Yes. That that works. We're an overcooked steak. Yeah, We are. Yeah. I am very happy to see you guys. It's been a little bit, it's been a while. It's been three weeks. Yeah. I think you've been out ballooning or whatever you do. And I've been traveling the globe and we've been having, I've been here.


What's that? I've been here. Yeah, you've been here. Yeah. I've been ballooning. He was right. So I hadn't seen anybody for a while. And today I see Sona for the first time in a little bit. You came in? Yeah. And I. Think within 35 seconds you, 'cause because you sent me a lovely Sona, sends me nice videos every now and then of her twins. Mikey and Charlie, who are adorable. They're very cute and they're great. And she sends these, these really funny videos. Sometimes they see me on screen or something and they're like, uncle Coco, uncle Coco. And she sends me these videos and it's a lot of fun. But within 30 seconds, because they've been on the news a lot lately. Yes. And there's been this big Ryan Murphy special TV show. You likened your 3-year-old beautiful children to the Menendez Brothers And.


then we started talking about how you might send them out on Halloween as the Menendez brothers. That's pretty great. That's pretty great. I think what I said was, I, I'm scared of watching monsters 'cause I have two boys. And you nev you never know. No, you do know You Don, first of all, I told you, I'll get you steel pajamas. I know that will protect you when they come bursting in. You Never know. I know what Happened. You do. No, you do know they're not. Do, I mean, I think you have a solid 55% chance, I mean, of your kids not killing you in tact. 55%. That's pretty good. Like, that's above 50% Isn't, isn't it contingent upon how the parents are? That's what made them the way they were. So you should Well, that's controversial.


That's controversial. Is it because it's, the big question of the movie is what did happen to the kids? Did they kill them for the money or did they make up this story? Who knows? It's this big question and there's, there's a lot that we will not litigate here on this show. Okay. I think we should stick to the meat of the issue, which is that you likened your twins to the Menendez brothers and then started talking about them going out on Halloween. Yeah. What with little shotguns. I Know, not with, I'm not gonna get them wearing pastel shirts. One of them wearing, that's a pretty good costume wearing one of them wearing a wig and the other wearing glasses that he didn't need just to soften his look in court. And would you go out, is their lawyer wearing like a yellow wig? Yeah. Well, I mean, I will It read, does one dress up in like a tennis outfit and then the other one Are they, are they the Menez brothers at trial?


I think that should be them at trial. Oh. Oh. They're just little, when their lawyer tried to soften their image by having them wear pastels. Okay. And told Eric to wear glasses that he didn't need. They didn't have any lenses in them. Yeah. I think he, it tipped it off to the jury several times when he scratched his face through the, the open glasses or did this Yeah, yeah, yeah. Made a bad, he said, well, he'd say out loud, time to clean my glasses. And then he'd take a, a, a a and go. We, We, we, You wouldn't convict a guy in glasses, would you? Yeah. Because these are real lenses. That's Why you two wear glasses to soften your image. I'm Just saying, I was told by Adam Sachs, don don't need glasses.


He said, you should wear glasses to soften your brutal image. Yeah. 'cause people think of you as a murderer. And so Yeah. Don think Of me as pretty hardcore without these glasses. Oh Yeah, definitely. We put you in glasses. We tried to soften up your image. You're kind of more DB Cooper now. You're sort of a 1970s hijacker. Take 'em off. Let's see, Monster. That's, That's stolen. That's okay. The good stuff is, that's Eugene Levy. Oh, it's also Carl Reiner. Oh, yes. In the movie The Jerk. Yeah, that's right. Takes off the Off to grab. Yeah. He takes off his glasses and there And it. His eyes are immediately crossed. Shout out to the great Carl Reiner But. anyway. Is this something that you might actually do? Have them go out?


I'm not gonna give him shotguns. Right. But maybe, maybe scattered in blood. Maybe a little Menendez would be kind of like timely. Right. Cute. Right. Is it Cute? It's not cute. It's not. Is it cute? It's Not cute. Cute. Remember last year, the other Ryan Murphy show Dahmer, everybody went as Dahmer for Halloween. Yes. So You could, and you have these kids that do seem, there's no light in their eyes. I'll just say that. There's just no light in their eyes. And I've seen them look, when you walk into a room, they're real happy. And then you and tack walk into the room. And I. See them, look at you. And they've often asked me independently about your net worth. Uncle Coco. Yes. Who's this? Mikey.


And, oh, you can work a phone. What Mama daddy worth? What? What? What? Mommy and Daddy worth. Oh, I mean, Sonas got a book and she's does, does well on the podcast. And you know, I know Tak is does well. And you guys have a nice house. So I would think Yeah, you Guys Yeah. May maybe we look, make it look like murder. Why do they talk this way? Why are they telling you the plant too also? Well that, Well, that's what the Menendez brothers did. And they trust me. They said your uncle, The Menendez brother told you? No, they told Dr. Oze their therapist. Oh yeah. But I do believe there's a good chance they will. They think of me as, first of all, any, anything you say to your Uncle Coco is confidential.


That's not true. It's true. That's not true. And I also Think, oh, and by the way, I'm talking about it on a podcast. Oh yeah. I also think don don't even think they would kill us for the net worth. They would kill us for like a Popsicle right now. Oh yeah. Like it, the the stakes are much lower Than that. That is the currency for them right Now. Yeah. It's like, can I have a piece? So them m and ms. Right. And then they would kill us for them. Yeah. That's okay. I mean, mean don don't know. We all go through a phase. Will you Say that's okay? Whatcha talking about? No, no. I tried to, I mean, my brothers And I. I am one of four brothers. Yeah. We tried to get our parents a couple of times. We just weren't very organized about it. But there, there was four of you I know there's four of us. but I didn't a, we were physically uncoordinated. Okay. The O'Brien boys. And we never had a clear plan.


Okay. So it was just, you know, sometimes I'd come into the room, And, I don't have a gun. But Neil would've a pillow. And I'd be like, what do you have a pillow for? I thought we said guns. And he said No. I thought we said pillows. And then our, my dad would wake up and go, whatcha are doing in here? Get outta here. And we'd get scared and go, ah, and leave. We, we never got our plans straight. Oh, okay. Yeah. All. right. Well, hopefully the boys won't either. but Don don't know. No, there's less. There's this two of them. Hey, root for the, root for their success. Yes. You know what? You're always root for your children to succeed. Yeah. I'll be like, good try guys. If they try something, right? Yeah. Yeah. Good try. Yeah. You Tried. I did it. The important thing is you tried. You Tried. So you took Tack out. But you miss Mummy. Good job. Here's a trophy. Yeah. Should be a trophy. This is so dark.


This is really dark. I thought it was maybe too dark for our podcast, but you guys were like, no. And Adam was like, thumbs up. We should be rolling on this. And. I was like, really? I think it's too dark. You're beautiful children. This is dark. This is, it's 'cause they have brown hair. They have brown eyes. They're a little men. Menez also, isn't I also, there's nothing in the eyes. There's no light in their eyes. I saw when they were babies. Come on. You can't say that. Just 'cause they didn't laugh at things. You said, oh, that's what this is all about. That's what this is. You want, that's What this is about. Yeah, man. I gave them my a l level stuff. I know. I know. Time and time again, I, I burned more calories trying to make these kids laugh.


And I couldn't get them. I started to get them recently. Yeah. But usually I can get them at one. I couldn't get 'em at one. I couldn't get 'em at two. Even now it's Tough. Yeah, it's tough. And First of all, I should get something for just facial recognition. Like, oh, he's worked. I know I'm from the clubs. I should get something. You know, I should get, like, you get a trophy, I should get something. No, You don't get it. If you don't earn it, you don't get it. Well, When people don't laugh at my jokes, I think they're sociopaths. That's what we've learned from this smoking. Like a true sociopath. Exactly. All. right. We gotta get into it. Yeah. Lot to talk about my guest today, star in such classics as when Harry Met Sally. Hmm. Now it could be one of two people. And Sydnee Slicks.


Now you can see him in the Apple TV plus limited series. Before honored. He's here with us today. This is his first time on the podcast. He's a legend. Billy Crystal, welcome. I saw you at a, at a school event. Yeah. Not long ago. And we're chatting. And this thing just popped into my head, which is, who has checked more boxes in their career than Billy? Crystal. And I said it to you. And I said, no, no, seriously, I'm thinking about this right now. Ticking off every category that you've had success in.


It was impressive. It also angered me. It made me feel small. but I was going through the list of, you know, sitcom television. Saturday Night Live film. I mean Broadway. Broadway. Broadway. I was, oh, I was getting, I was, it's, it's somehow less cool when you help me with it. The Oscars. I, I mean there's, there are a lot of entertainers where I can say, okay, they've done well on these two, these two slots, they've got those covered. But you've had this absolutely stunning career.


And so I was thrilled when you said you'd come in and talk. Oh yeah. Because my introduction to you as a real human being, as a physical person was I was a volunteer on the very first comic relief. Really? I had just gotten a job. My writing partner, And I had just gotten a job at Moffitt Lee right. In the August of 85. And not long after that, they said, we're doing this thing Comic relief. It's gonna be the first one. The host will be Billy Crystal, Robin Williams and Whoopi Goldberg. And everybody came out. And I was a gopher on that. but I remembered seeing you, seeing Robin, seeing Whoopi. I was 22 and had just arrived in LA staying in a $380 month apartment where I still live.


but I remembered that, seeing a limo pull up and Jerry Lewis. Yes. Step out. Yes. Holding a small white dog. Yep. Which is something egotistical people do in movies, but not in real life. And not only that, Jerry would put the little doggy treat in his own mouth. No. To soften it up and then go here, Boob here. That's what he would, He would do. but I remember, I remember that event. My introduction to comedy that really made me want to do it was when 10 from your show of shows was released as a movie with Sid Caesar.


My father took me to see it. I might have been 12, I don't know. And I said, whatever this is, I have to get in on this. And Sid Caesar was there. And I got to walk up to him and tell him how much he meant to me. So you were a big part of my introduction to this wow. Whole world. Well, so Was, so was Sid for me. That was my show. I was five or six. I'm the youngest of three boys. My family was in the music business. My dad produced phenomenal jazz concerts. The family business was this little record store called the Commodore Music Shop on 42nd Street between Lexington And, I, third And. it was the hangout for a jazz artist.


My uncle Milt, who's an, excuse me, inter this shit can cut out. No, no, no. We're gonna keeping this, you're softening up a dog tree Right now. I'm Jerry's dog is still alive. Jerry, Hey Bobby. He is. this is for you. Shit for Daddy. He said, Shit. No poop. No poop. Said good boy. Who's the best little Jew dog. And my uncle started this label, the Commo of Jazz label, which was the first independently owned jazz label of its kind. And he started producing his own records, one of which became Strange Fruit by Billie Holiday.


All of these great jazz artists. But my parents were comedy, just mavens. My mom for a little while was the voice of Min Mouse in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day parades. I didn't know that. They met at Macy's. And she was the voice of Minnie Mouse. The float would come down Fifth Avenue and she'd be sitting somewhere under min skirt that's flying in here doing, singing Her song, which was at the time, I'm Forever Blowing Bubbles. And so they would, they were always funny. And they, they really knew that the three of us, we, we had a shine for it. So they'd let us stay up late to watch in the beginning show of shows, which then later evolved to Steve Allen on a Tonight Show.


Jack Parr. Ernie Kovac was a huge influence. But it was, it was an episode of 10 from your show of shows. They're doing a takeoff of the King And I, which is just one best picture. And so they have, you know, kind of cheesy palace set. And then Sid, who is just the Charlie Chaplin of television. Yeah. Comes out in a bad bald wig. Capri pants, barefoot strikes the pose, then starts screaming at the top of his lungs, grabbing his foot. Who's smoking in the palace? There's no smoking in the palace. And I just felt that's so I was doing that constantly. And then the show of shows, to me, the classic sketch was This is Your Life.


Yes. This Al Dcy. Yes. And which is One, which is the sketch that got my attention too in that movie. The movie's a collection of sketches. But Yes, when Howie Morris comes out, his uncle Goopy and starts crying and jumping on Sid. And Sid was very strong. He would drag him around the rooms. They'd looked at each other and they'd scream and cry. And they'd separate, then they'd go back on top of each other. So when my dad would come home from the store, I was four or five, six, maybe I'd jump on his back and cry And I. And he'd jumped throw me to bed. I, so I was, I, you know, I was Uncle Goopy that show. When Sid came, I introduced myself. And Is this comic relief now?


1986? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I have a picture with a cast in the cast of show shows. And when I was most recently on Broadway with Mr. Saturday night, I had an eight by 10 of that picture. Yeah. And that was the last thing I looked at before I would go out on stage every time. Yeah. Because that was the scent that I followed. Yes. All of these years. You know, it's interesting 'cause you, you mentioned the your dad's business and the record label. Your dad would bring home comedy albums. Yeah. And this fascinates me 'cause I had a similar experience. You'd listen to Nichols and May. Yeah. Brooks and Reiner. Jonathan Winters, Bob Newhart. And you soak that stuff up.


I did the same thing. I listened to comedy albums as a kid. What I noticed is listening to albums introduced me to how timing works. And because you realize it's music. There's no picture to distract you. And you listen to those people And. it gets, I, I think tell me if what you think, but you listen to that and all. You are not distracted. You're just listening to the timing. Yes. Those albums were my rock and roll as much as music we had in the house. It was the comedy albums that I would listen to over and over again. I can't tell you any songs by the great bands, but I can tell you the beats of the major thing is that I never ever eat fried food.


I love always run for a bus. There'll never be another, I just stroll jy Jolly I can tell you all of those things. Nichols and May. Yep. Jonathan's albums. Stan Freeberg was a gigantic comedy for us. Have you ever heard his musical Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's, it's a history of the United States of America and they're just brilliant pieces. The signing of the Declaration of Independence, Columbus found a new world and it's a musical Yeah. That the late David Merrick, well, they're all late. This is, they're all late. It's so long ago. They're not late. They're not coming. I just got a text. They're not coming. Can't make it died 20 years ago. And he, he Wanted to make it into a a a into a Broadway musical.


So I would listen and study it. It it's just something either you, either, you know what you're listening to or You don't. There was, I got the privilege of getting to know Bob New Hartwell. And I was such a fan of his. And then got to be friendly with him. And he told me once that his first album comes out in 1960, it's a massive hit. It knocks Sinatra off the number one spot button down mind. And he's a phenomenon. And he comes out to LA and he's, you know, he's a former accountant who's just hit the big time and he's asked to go perform at a house. This is back in the day when there's like, unlike today, where there's 9 million people in show business. And I. Don't know. I'm not sure who they all are. Yeah. Back then, there were about 35 people in show business.


And they were all at one house to welcome Bob Newhart. And he went there and he did, you know, a couple of selections from his album. And because he was self-conscious and didn't want to go too long, he, he tightened it. He, he, you know, dropped a few lines and he was done. And he did it. And everyone loved it. Jack Benny was sitting in the corner who he had never met before. And Jack Benny walked up and said, what happened? Because Jack Benny, of course, the master of timing Sure. Johnny Carson learned it from Jack Benny. Yeah. Everybody learned everything from Jack Benny said No. No. What happened there? What happened there? There was a piece missing here. There was a piece missing here. There's, but I I do think that it interested me that you came to it.


Yes. You, you visually see comedy and love it. But you really learned the albums. Yeah. There was a, a great Jonathan Winter's album. And one of the pieces was a horror movie. He plays this doctor who's building a monster. And the punchline is the monster, which is huge, is a new basketball player for UCLA. But it's with, it's just, and he's got a funny voice and he's, he's got a hunchback assistant and, and dribble his, this is a ball. I want you to bounce the ball. Don't touch him. Stay away from him. So I memorized the whole cut.


I memorized the whole cut. And I do it in a school show. It was the first time I did standup. And I was a big hit too. This is the only time my father ever got to see me perform. 'cause he died the next year. but I had no idea. It just was it, it got a laugh. Yeah. I wasn't even thinking about it. It was a, it was, those albums were, This is taking me back so important. Taking me back to, I used to be in play. I always wanted to be in play in school. And I got into Oklahoma, And, I don't remember I, which part I had. I had some kind of minor part, but I was doing everything I could to make everything make a meal out of everything together. Sure. And they gave me a little fake shotgun. And I kept kind of spinning it.


And I, pretend they wanted me to pretend to be chewing tobacco. But every now and then I pretend to blow bubbles with it. And kids were laughing, laughing. And each show we did, I got more and more laughs. And finally I broke character. And at one point and addressed the audience and got a huge laugh. Mrs. Steele, I'll never forget her name, Mrs. Steele, after the show, everyone slapped me on the back. She's like, you oh boy. Little orange haired freak with me. And I'm like, I think she's gonna give me an award or something. Yeah. And she said, you just broke character on one of the most and added your own lines to one of the most famous musicals of all time. Don't you ever, ever. And I'm like, well, she doesn't get it.


Some trips are better in an Airbnb. It's just true. Like the trip you want to take with extended family where you wanna stay close, but not, I'll be sharing one bathroom. That's key for me. Okay. That's why Airbnb is the choice I often wanna make. Or or for example, the couple's getaway where you'd rather have your own pool than share one with a bunch of strangers. Ugh. Oh. When I'm in a pool with strangers, I start shrieking. Okay. That's weird. Or that last minute. Local getaway when you just really need to get outta the city for the weekend, but don't wanna deal with the airport. You know, I have to say, I've used Airbnb a couple times, And, it always makes me feel like I'm at home even when I'm away. Do you have that or that I Do too? I mean, I have, you know, I have two small kids who are loud. And so when I'm in a hotel, I feel a little uncomfortable. Well, you're allowed Too. Oh yes. Okay. Yeah. We're all allowed. And then in a Airbnb, I just feel much more comfortable Traveling. You're not a self-conscious. No. Yeah. And also you're staying in someone's home. Yeah. It's got that vibe of comfort, relaxation, normalcy instead of some stuffy hotel. Yeah. With a, yeah. I don't wanna mint on my pillow. Hey bla. You use Airbnb, don't you? I do I love it. And And I will say it. It, there's staying in in someone's place really does add a lot. I'm a huge Stephen King fan. And the last Airbnb I stayed in had this book from a Buick eight, which is one of the few Stephen King books I haven't read. So I actually started reading it in the Airbnb. It was pretty awesome nerd. And you know what I do? Sometimes when I'm at an, I often travel with a picture of myself in frame. Oh boy. And I. Take it out. And I. Put it up. And. it feels like home. I travel with my own framed headshot. Do you leave it there for as a gift? No, That's mine. Those things are precious. So if you're booking a trip soon, my number one tip is to check out Airbnb first to find the perfect place to stay. Because your accommodation really does make all the difference.


There's nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you. Check this out. That's nice. Whether you're going on a weekend getaway to the mountains, or let's say you're on a dream vacation, or in my case, a work trip to Thailand. It's just fantastic. Let me explain. It starts the moment you take off with free in flight wifi so you can stream your favorite show on the go. I mean, that's incredible. That is actually pretty sweet. I love that. I mean, that's insane. I'm always there with my credit card. You know, I can't figure it out. I lose the credit card. Yeah. The phone is stolen. Someone punches me. You start crying. I cry a lot when you land T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands and an upgrade to Hilton Honors Silver Plus you're covered with five gigabytes. Five gigabytes. That's more than four of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with the go 5G plus or next plans. These are just a few of the perks that feel like big wins when you travel with T-Mobile And. it, it's nice to stay connected to your family. I travel a lot, I do these travel shows. And if I'm filming another country, I know I can get to my family right away. Yeah. They usually don't wanna speak to me. But they have to. They screen your calls a lot, don't They? I suspect them of screening. Yes. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel today. Qualifying plan required wifi were available on select US Airlines registration and Hilton Honors membership required for Hilton Honors Silver terms and conditions apply.


God, I love football season. I love the rituals of football. Like what? Don't do that. What are you talking about from defending your favorite team after a bad loss to obsessively checking your fantasy lineups. Yeah. You know what I'm talking about. Football fandom is bigger than just Sundays. And you know, who knows that Miller Lite Miller Light knows the passion that comes with rooting for your team. That's why Miller Lite keeps it simple, un debatable quality. You can try and debate it. That debate won't last long. You'll lose lose it's Miller Light. You'll lose great taste. Only 96 calories. It's the beer that strips away everything you don't need and holds on to what matters most. Who says, Hey, get me a beer with everything I don't need in it. Nobody. It's the original light beer since 1975. I've said it before and I'll say it again. Red Sox won the penant that year. Yeah. Make your game time taste like Miller Time taste great. Less filling. Let it be both. Why fight? You know there's enough fighting in America right now. You, you can have both. There's space for both. Thanks Sona to get Miller Lite delivered right to your door. Visit miller lite.com/ Conan or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories for 12 ounces fewer cows and carbs and premium regular beer.


You know, I'm, I'm fascinated. 'cause one of the things that I think about a lot about a career, especially, it's like a storied career like yours, is that there's the path you think you're supposed to be on, and sometimes it doesn't go your way. And you think I'm fucked to use a Yiddish term That would be stoked. Then Stoked, sorry, I'm new to this. Famously you're supposed to be on the very first Saturday Night Live October 11th, 1975, which is now celebrating its 50th. So it's it's unbelievably, it's been all these Yeah. It's been half a century that was supposed to, and I've read accounts from you that you're supposed to be on that show, the show that is gonna change everything.


You're there, you've got a sketch, it gets cut and you said you were riding like the subway home thinking. That's it. Yeah. What I always find fascinating now is if you could see the whole palette of everything, you wouldn't change a thing. No, you couldn't. How could it get any better for you? But in that moment, oh Boy. And now Conan, I have to relive it because of the film of Jason Reitman's wonderful film. Right. I haven't seen it yet. Yeah. I've, he, he had a screening for the survivors of that night. The original Lorraine Newman was there, Garrett Morris was there, and me And it was particularly heartbreaking at the time because I was 25.


I was part of the planning of the show. It wasn't just coming to that show that night. Lauren, who I thought was the coolest guy, I was, I'm new into my standup life too at that point. I'm only into it like eight, nine months. And things were really going like, well, I wrote a lot. And I was really starting to find my way. And I meet this Lorne Michaels at Catcher Rising Star. And he tells me about the show and he so on so forth. And he said, I'd love you to be on the first show. And then I'm playing The Bitter End in New York, and he brings Chevy Dave Tett, who was the head of talent at NBC at the time.


Dick Ebersol Gilda. And so there was a, I was like, part of the, these are the young people who're gonna have on the show. And so I was like, wow, this is the, this is gonna be the thing. And the the comedy guests were Andy Kaufman, myself, and a Canadian comedian named Valerie Bromfield. Yeah. And so I was doing this piece, which I just sort of found out the I how to do it. And it was by accident And. it was, it's a jungle safari movie of the, the victim mature Rhonda Fleming, kind of the great white hunter. And it's a scene where the tarantula is on her body and he walks across the camp late at night and knocks it off and they fall in love.


That's the scene I take somebody from the audience, And I have a huge bowl of potato chips. That's miked And I play And I get the audience to do bird calls. And every time I take a step, she crunches the potato chips loud. He does. And it's, it gets very environmental. Yeah. Yeah. I got, then I get like three people on stage, bird calls and I'm pointing. And, and so that was the piece I was gonna do. but I was gonna use Don Pardo the announcer. He was the announcer with just a closeup of his, of his hands and his wonderful silly voice. No, what do I do? Bill? Nothing. Yeah. Yeah. And so Friday night there was a dress rehearsal.


Live audience And it, it did really well. And it was real, a high, a real highlight of the night. The other sketches were so-so did not Yeah. And there were two musical guests. And George Carlin was the host doing like three or four monologues. So at the notes afterwards, Lauren's sitting at home base. I remember I was sitting between Gilda and Lorraine, and he looks at me making cuts and cuts and cuts and cuts. And he says, Billy, I need two minutes. I said, take two minutes out. He goes, no, I need two minutes. And. I went, I'm screwed. I don't have anything. That's two minutes. It takes two minutes just to do the setup. Yeah. And I. I could condense it, I could do that. but I, I, Lauren afterwards, I said, I don't, I don't have anything else.


He says, well, you know, let's think about it. It's Friday at midnight. Yeah. Saturday I come back, the rundown I'm on at 1255, which, you know, already is dicey. Yes. That's the last comedy spot. Whenever you'd see, when I was a writer there, whenever your sketch was on at 1255, you'd think all it takes is for one sketch to run a little long and you're gonna get nudged into, well, we'll do it next week. But. it never once. It's gone. It's gone, it's gone. Hard to explain But, it's Gone. So I see that. So I, I called my managers and everyone And I said they come over And. it was, you know, Lauren's putting together his very first show. Yeah. It's, it's so hectic.


It's crazy. And this is the first one. So I'm just waiting and waiting, waiting and camera blocking. Run through it again. It's, it's coming. This, this, this. Some Wait over here. Wait over there. It's not looking good. It's gonna be okay. Don't worry about it. So at eight 30, my manager comes out and says, come on, we're going Mm. What it, it's, we try to get it five minutes in the first hour. He can't do it. George is doing four monologues. There's two songs. And then so this, come on, let's just get the hell outta him. And I went, but I I and that, that was it. And then, then I, I find myself on the Long Island Railroad subway to Penn Station, long Island Railroad to go home to call the relatives to say, don't watch.


I mean, there's no cell phone, there's nothing. You know, you had a there some dial. Yes. Yeah. And then the reactions. What'd you, what'd you do? What Did you Got fired. What Did you say to the man? Did. you, what'd you do? Open a mouth. That thing. And. I thought That's it. Yeah. I'm done. You know, Lauren to then brought me back for show 19 with Ron Nessen, who was Gerald Ford's press secretary. Yep. He hosted the show. I did that. And then I didn't do it again for eight years Yeah. Until I hosted. But then you come back as a cast member. Yeah.


In a way, again, these things are so much bigger than us, but you're, everyone's trajectory is, is probably the trajectory they're supposed to have. Yes. So you went off, had all this other success, but then came back and was able to dominate on SNL in that season in a very special way. That would not have been possible Absolutely. In the first five years. No, I was ready. Yeah, You were ready. See Yeah. The, the, what we had talked about in, in the beginning was that I was to do like six appearances over like the first two seasons and then be sort of the first non celebrity host.


It was like growing from the farm system. And then I, I go off And I, end up on Howard Cos sell's Saturday Night Live on a, B, C. Right. And then I moved to California playing places, doing pretty well. And then I get soap. You get soap. But, you know, so now I'm playing one character, which I really, really enjoyed. Learned a lot. Great cast, controversial show and character. Really brilliant though. Yeah. I mean, way ahead of its time. Way, way. And, and really one of the real geniuses that I ever met was Susan Harris, who wrote the first 68 episodes by herself. Wow. Amazing. but I kept looking back at eight H Yeah.


Going, that's where I should have been. And, you know, I was having a successful time, but I wasn't, I didn't feel like myself. Then I did my first HBO special in 79. That did very well. And another one in 84 that also did very well. And then Dick Eso called and said, would you host And I did two that year and that summer he called me and said, listen, I got an idea if I could get Chris Gass and Marty and Harry, she would you come for a year? I said, let me think about it. Yes. I just knew it was the right thing. Yeah. And we packed up the kids and we moved to New York and And I had the time of my life. And I felt like I was where I was supposed to be, but now I was supposed to be there.


You know, it, it all felt right. I know if feel, you've got a lot of moments to remember. but I think I had, I think I'm doing the late night show, but there's an anniversary special for SNL and And Don Don't know if it was an anniversary special for SNL or maybe a salute to NBC 50. don don't know. There was some Salute something you came out as your Fernando Fernando character. It was the 25th anniversary. It was the 25th. Okay. But what I remember is that you come out and Gary Busey is in the audience. Yes. And Gary Busey, who's, you know, been through some stuff. Gary Busey suddenly thinks that it's okay for him to just shout out on this live tribute show to Fernando.


And he starts heckling you. Yes. And you start talking. It was so funny because it was live television. Yeah. And you don't see that on SNL. You don't see he Came towards me. Yes. Yes. No, I was there. I was sitting in the crowd. I'm doing this little thing. And I. I think I had a, a minute 45 scheduled. And it's going well. And I, And I look out and, and I'm picking up people. And I, you know, And I said, well, Gary Busey, You're Alive. You're alive. And he got mad and he came towards the set. And I had a retrain. He got up and starts walking. And then you were doing a great job of having fun with it. Yeah. You were so funny. And in the moment, And, it was electric because you thought, I don't know where this is going.


This either, maybe you'll get choked out. I don't know what's gonna happen. But you were making it really funny. And in the moment, And I thought, this is, I don't see this in eight HA lot. You sometimes there has to be some improvisation. That has to be some, well, The thing about Fernando was they were all improvised. Yeah. All the hideaways that we did was so much fun, because I wasn't sure what I was gonna say until I said it. And the the Hideaway set would roll out right in front of the audience Right where the news usually is. Right. And, it was the booth and all this stuff. And the audience could see that the, the Cue card guys went away. So it was just me talking to whoever the host would be. Right. Oh, we had Hulk Hogan and And Mr t which it was very funny.


And then Barry Manalow was scheduled to be the, to come, he was playing Radio City musical, and he was scheduled to be the guest in the Hideaway at 10, after 11, he calls Dick Ebersol and said, he's not coming. He's too scared. He doesn't wanna be made fun of. Yeah. He, he's, he's nervous about improvising. He is there a So he decides he's not coming. So we have a six minute slot. So I'm looking around And I, see one of our camera guys, his name is Bobby cio. Bobby Did. you know Bobby? Yep. All. right. Bobby weighed about 400 pounds. He was a large man. And. I went over to him. And I said, Bobby's crazy idea. Manalow just canceled.


Why? No, no, no. Calm down. God. Manal, hello. Would you come into the Hideaway with me and play him? And I'll introduce the fact that he's not there. but I can't, I can't, I can't disappoint my fans and we'll just do it. And he goes, do I get paid extra? I said, as Dick I know, he says, A okay. A little. Okay. Yeah. And so we did it And. it was really funny. And he was just so delightful and, and real and real. Yeah. And. it just, they were all just so spontaneous. That's what the show was supposed to be. And that's the world I love to live in.


And that's so I, you know, my year there for me, I used everything in the, in my toothpaste that I had. You know? Yeah. I just loved every second of it. But that was an example of really being comfortable and confident with myself. And, and Bobby was great And then we thought, well, what about for the rest of the season? Nobody shows up. And it's always Bobby be pretty, you know. Yeah. And he said, no, I, my, my neighbor's killed me, bill. My neighbor's killed me. He Starts singing. I write the songs. He starts singing stuff. It's really delightful. He was great. You know what's funny, I was thinking about this too before you came today, which is media entertainment has changed so much.


People Used to all be on the same page. Yeah. For better or worse. Yeah. I think when you were early on hosting the Oscars was maybe one of the last times when you've got the right guy doing the job. But it's not just that you got the right person doing the job, but you also have everybody's on the same page. It's tougher now, I think, because I watch a lot of movies and oftentimes when I'm watching And, I'm in entertainment. Yeah. And, I haven't seen seven of the things they're talking about. Whereas when I think about the shows, when you were hosting, you had amazing, great material.


You're very comfortable. You're in charge of the room. But also everybody's gathered around the campfire. Yeah. And, it felt like a time that might not come back. I agree. Because people were going to movies and there were movie stars, real movie stars. We didn't have streaming. We didn't have anything else. You went, you went to the movie theater. And when I started doing the show, I was now part of the, of the movie world. I had hosted the Grammys three years prior to that. And then one after the other had a couple of really good, you know, movie hits that I earned my way. Yeah. To the show. You don't have to have movie hits anymore.


No. You, That was, you put a pressure on yourself that, I mean, God bless you for having those and for doing that. But it's, it's, I mean, also when Carson was hosting the Oscars, which he did many times, he had never had a movie hit before. So you put a pressure on yourself that was unnecessary. Right. I Wish. I had been there to tell you, but I was way too young. And you wouldn't have known who I was. but I, You're that kid from Universal. Right. You don't have to do it, Billy, the coffee Coffee was cold. It was, that first time was really special.


I had, I had been a presenter the year before in the terrible show that this was a non-cost. Rob Lowe singing. Yeah. I was a, I was a presenter. You're still hiding out from that one. Yeah. I was a presenter on that show. Yeah. And did And it went And it went pretty well. And then they asked me to do it. but I remember feeling not nervous. I, I was actually excited to go out there 'cause we had good stuff. Yeah. And I had one writer, Robert Wall. Oh yeah. Bob Wall, who's a very good actor too. He's actually in the SNL movie. He plays Davy Wilson. Okay. It was just, he And I. And we had done the three Grammys together and we had a, we had, we had a great way to, you know, to work together.


It was just us And. it was just like, let's get out there. 'cause we felt really confident. You know, when you would do your show and you do a monologue, you knew your jokes were really good. No, I don't You've Never felt that. I think you forgot who you're talking to, but no I know. I I do know the feeling of, I think this stuff is really good and I'm excited to go out. Yeah. Yeah. And then I'm prepared. Yeah. And I remember walking out there and Nicholson was right there in the front who had later become like my partner on the show. Yeah. Yeah. And we wrote jokes about him because he had made that huge deal for Bat the Batman thing. And he'd made, he had the joker and he made like a five 40, $50 million something.


Right. It was one of those pay me later things. And we did jokes about him. You know, Jack is so, Jack is so wealthy. Morgan Freeman drove him here tonight. And the great thing is, he's laughing All Big time. See, that's the thing too, is that having the great joke and going after an icon of that status, but then they're laughing. That's magic. Oh yeah. And I did three because They don't always Laugh. No. I said, you know, Jack's so rich. I remember this, the sequence, Jack is so rich. He bought land in Japan. Jack is so rich. Morgan Freeman, German. And the last one was And. I said to the audience, I got one more if you want it.


Yeah. Yeah. And he was just, and that was relaxing me. Yeah. Yeah. I said, Jack is so rich. John Peters still cuts his hair now. John Peters was the head of the studio now who Had, who had been a hairdresser, Had been a hair guy. Yeah. And it and And, it was just, it was going just great. And there's an 18 minute gap we call the Rosemary Woods gap in the show where I'm, it's sound effects editing. Yes. And there's no host. So I had, I'm in my dressing room and I'm getting a sandwich, fix my makeup and all this stuff. And the, who is it? It's Jack and Warren. So I go Jack and Warren, who, yeah. So open it, it's Warren Beatty and Jack And I said, Did you upset.


Are you kidding me? Thanks for talking about my Money kid. And he said, I just wanna say one thing. It's great you're doing this. Keep it doing, keep doing it. And we just, it's just so important that you're here and we love you both, both of us just want you to have a great rest of the show. And we're gonna have a little thing later at The Hacienda if you want to come by. I'd say he's got a hacienda. Yeah. I never knew anyone had a Hacienda. I thought only in, in that, in, in Sorrow. Did somebody have a hacienda? But that was the most, it was the most selfless, wonderful feeling that it, that it, it had connected with him.


It was great. You've had A lot of these fun, crazy moments that you sometimes must wake up and think, wait a minute, did that happen? Yeah. I know, did that really I know, I know. Did That really happen? I ha there's another one that was, I'm introducing Bob Hope is in the audience. And Bob at that point could not hear very well. I did not know that. And he's sitting next to his, his wife, And I said, you know, this is my, whatever time it was, sixth or seventh, I've done nine something. And I said, Bob, I'm just renting your house for a while. You know, just ladies and gentlemen did great, Bob Hope. And he's, he knows the camera's on him.


You know, the roving through the audience with the, with the, with the mini cam on him. And he take, he knows the nose and then the camera goes away. And he looks at me and he slips me the finger just fooling. Just like, thank you, thank you, thank him. Mm. Like that. Yeah. And I just cracked And. it was just so great. The next day I get it, a handwritten note delivered to my house. Yeah. Which I have framed at home from Bob Hope. Very nice things. He said, you could do this, you could do that and that. And he said, but why didn't you call me to play your brother in Mr. Saturday night? I would've saved you a fortune on makeup. Keep, Keep doing it, Bob. It was this great, great things.


You know, I was thinking you have this other aspect of your career, which is you've been able to, you were able to befriend your sports idols. I mean, you became very friendly with Ali. Yes. The face, you could, you could argue the face of sports in the 20th century. I mean Yes. Who's a bigger sports icon than Muhammad Ali? For so many reasons. Yes. And I know that you became close with Mickey Mantle, who you grew up idolizing. Yeah. What I didn't know is that you became friends with Yogi Berra. Oh yeah. I didn't realize that. Hey kid, how you doing kid? Yeah. Well, you know, don't work so hard. You work too hard, kid.


Yeah. He came to opening night of, of 700 Sundays. Yeah. On Broadway the first time, which is now on November 5th, there'll be 20 years. Wow. Crazy. And we became friendly And I. And through Joe Tory, who's one of my best friends now. I'd be around them all the time. Either working out, I was a pretty good baseball player for a while. And then Joe would have me work out with the guys. And Yogi was there. We'd have dinners together, he'd call me on my birthday. He was the sweetest, most beautiful guy and amazing character. You know, he was a D-Day when he was 19 years old. I did know that. Yeah.


And Unbelievable, You know, he had like two sides of his character. One, he was a amazing baseball player, but two, most of the new generation knew him as the Affleck guy. Yeah. You know, with the, with the duck and funny and a little, you know, he's the little old guy who talks funny and Who says Malapropisms and Yeah, exactly. When you come to the fork in the road, take it. You know that stuff. Yeah. It gets laid early out there, you know, it's like, yeah. And he had the greatest, he's the greatest catcher in history of baseball. His stats are insane. He's also interesting because there was a documentary about him recently that made the point that he didn't look the way a baseball player was supposed to look.


Yeah. I mean, Ted Williams looked like a movie star. Oh man. Mickey Mantle looked like a movie star. All these guys look like what they're supposed to be Yogi Barrett doesn't look like an athlete. No. He didn't look like he belonged anywhere. No. Maybe in the back of like a, a shop where he's like slicing up ham or something.


Have you met all modern yet, Sona? No, I didn't. I haven't. Oh, you two have got to get together. You would love each other. Would we? Yeah. Grab a Mochaccino talk. No, all modern. Lemme explain whether your style is Scandinavian inspired or it's more iconic mid-century modern, which is, I've been to your house. You guys are more mid-century. Yeah. We are a, we are, we are. Yeah. Or paired down minimalism. All modern has the best of modern furniture and decor all in one place. I'm sick of like, well, I wanna look at some modern furniture. Well, there are nine types. You have to go to nine stores. Why am I even talking to that guy? don don't Know That guy doesn't sound cool at all. I hate that guy. Yeah. You can get 'em all in one place at all. Modern. Every design's hand vetted for quality by their team of experts. You can be sure to last through moves and milestones ahead. Not to mention fast and free shipping. Yep. That means you can upgrade your space in days, not weeks. Plus, right now you'll save big on every style of modern with Black Friday deals all month long on cozy living room furniture, holiday hosting must-haves and more. That's modern made simple. Shop now@allmodern.com or visit them in store in Linfield and Dham, Massachusetts or in Austin, Texas.


Everyone's got the big villain in their life. You know who mine is? Who? The person in my house that opens a vanilla yogurt a little bit. Takes like one or two spoonfuls and then closes that foil back up again. This Is so passive aggressive. 'cause it's just you and your wife. Yeah. Gotcha, baby. I need just A little for my smoothie. Take the whole thing and leave it alone. It's not that big. She's the villain in my life. How do you sleep at night, honey? Well, I already know the answer. Mattress Firm Mattress Firm will find you the right bed with their wide selection of quality mattresses at every price. Rest easy with mattress firm's 120 night sleep trial. Love it. Or your money back. You can sleep on this for 120 nights and then say, Hmm, maybe not. And ship it back. I don't think so. You're gonna love it. See a lower price somewhere else. Mattress Firm will match it with their low price guarantee. Wow. Get matched at Mattress Firm Black Friday Sale and Sleep at Night. Restrictions. Apply. See Mattress Firm dot com or store for details. Intex Conan to 7 6 6 6 9 3 for a hundred bucks off your next purchase at Mattress Firm exclusions supply


As a B2B marketer. You know how noisy the ad space can be if your message isn't targeted to the right audience. It just disappears in the noise. Lot of noise out there. Yeah. You gotta really make sure that that message hits, especially if you're a B2B marketer. Doesn't it sound like a boy band? It does. Yeah. It means business to business. Okay. Thank you. With LinkedIn ads, you can precisely reach the professionals who are more likely to find your ad relevant. With LinkedIn's targeting capabilities, you can reach them by job title, industry, company, and more you'll have direct access to and build relationships with decision makers. A billion members, geez. Wow. 130 million senior level executives and 10 million c-level executives. Start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. They'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco to claim your credit. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions apply LinkedIn the place to be, to be.


You know, I was thinking about, you got to know Ali well and Ali really enjoyed you. Yes. He really enjoyed you. You did a, a fantastic impression of him and he loved that. And that was, that created a bond. Yes. It was the first time that I really was on television as a standup. Was a local, a local special only seen in New York, Connecticut, and Pennsylvania. It was produced by Sport Magazine. A great writer. There was the later became a great friend named Dick Schapp. Dick was a great sports writer and journalist and amazing man. It's really a story about fate and, and about Destiny.


Ali beats George Foreman. He's 33 years old and he's named as the Sport Magazine man of the year. So they're gonna have this special form at the Plaza Hotel. So Dick calls my agent Pat Lee, who would later produce, Who gave me my first job. Yeah, Yeah. Looking for Robert Klein. 'cause Robert did a lot of great sports stuff. And she says, well, gee, Robert's outta town, but I have this new kid. He does this really good little three minute Ali Cosell thing that might be perfect for you, Dick. Dick goes. Sounds great. Tell him Friday night. Be there at the Plaza Hotel around six 30. The show's gonna start at eight. The dinner's at seven, and gimme his phone number.


So I am literally feeding my daughter who I just told you about. We went fly fishing together yesterday. Yeah, yeah. And I'm feeding and my, and Pat calls me and said, Dick Shaps gonna call you And I. Why? I knew Dick. He was the Ed McMahon of the Joe Namath had a talk show. Yeah. And he, and this is Back when Joe Namath could have a talk show. Yeah. It is a different time. And he's gonna call, I said, why? It's a dinner on a Ali and so and so, it's gonna be televised. And so I said, really? And then taking oatmeal off her cheek, phone rings. Hey, Billy's Dick Chapman, would you like to hear the invitation? No, no, no. Here. It's great. Really? It's, it's good over the phone. You know, that's how I like Dev.


No, no, it's fine. So we get a babysitter, Jan And I Drive into the Plaza Hotel. And I, I thought it was supposed to be a tuxedo for some reason. And I. I, everyone in this business suits. I looked, I really looked stupid in this little makeshift tuxedo I've got. And Janice And I walk in holding hands looking like two people who had just come to America. And I, meet Dick. He couldn't have been more charming. Yeah. And said, Janice, you'll sit with me, Billy, you're gonna sit two seats from Ali. Wow. On Aade.


And I. Look at Ali. And there he is. The first time I saw him in person, And, it was like, you know, he was the sun and everybody was revolving around him. Yeah. It was insane. It was a Scorsese shot. Everyone else was in slow motion. As I walked closely, you know, up to the Deus and got, there was like this tracking shot. I'm just looking at him. And I, sit down. And I'm in between Archie Griffin, who had just won the Heisman Award and Gino Marti, who was the, the defensive end for the Baltimore Cols. 'cause not only was Ali, the Sport Magazine man of the year, all of these people were there, the man of the year. And their individual sports Plus was Neil Simon and George Plimpton.


Yeah. So, oh my God, this, so now I'm sitting there and Ali looks over and he's, and he's like, he knows everybody except me. Yeah. I didn't even know me. I mean, I'm still, I'm still substitute teaching during the day for $43 and 50 cents and working a catcher rising star at night. And Dick says to me before I sat down, how shall I introduce you, Dick? Just say he's one of his closest and dearest friends. And I'll walk. That's great. That's great. And I'll go right into, hello everyone. Howard. It'll just make sense. And I won't have to talk as myself. It'll be okay. I'll be in character. I'll be fine. So, you know, as I said, Ali's looking at me probably thinking, what the hell is Joel Gray doing here?


He's not looking so good. So he says, my name, And I. Walk up. I go right into the, the co-sell of it. And I get heckled in the audience by Ali's one of his trainers. His name is Drew Bundini Brown. Yeah. Yep. Yep. And he starts, I don't know what he's yelling. And I. Hello everyone. Howard Cosell coming to you live from Zaire. You Got a man. That's what heckle sound like. You never know what they're saying. I got this bandini, I've got this. Now You got another thing. So I get, and then finally I get to Muhammad, come over, ham, come over.


How do you knock out George Foreman? How do you feel? Everybody's talking about Joe Razer. I wanna talk about Joe Fraser. And then it goes on and they go, they go crazy. Yeah. And, it finishes. I'm announcing tonight I'm changing my name. 'cause I got new religious beliefs. I wanna be known now as Izzy Yitz. Izzy hi. Ow. Hi. Am The Greatest of all time Is Jewish boxing. Jewish boxing. You don't hit the man, you just make 'em feel guilty. You get in the clutch. I said to him, when's the last time you spoke to your mother? He goes, oh Jesus. Boom. I gave, I gave him, you know, boom, it finishes. And then he, Dick says, my real name, a big applause.


Ali holds me in his arms. Oh. And whispers into my ear. You are now my little brother. Oh. And that's what he called me for 42 years. And we would, he lived not far from here in the Fremont place. I think it's called And. it was later they shot the Rocky movie. That was his house there. So it's not far from here. And he'd call me up And. it was never Bill, it was always Little brother, what are you doing? You wanna run with me tomorrow on a golf course? I run to golf course. Wilshire Golf course. I said, I said, Muhammad, I, I, I, I, they won't let me there. I'm, I'm Jewish. They don't They don, it's segregated that they, it's restricted. No Jews allowed. He goes, what? I'm a black Muslim and they let me run there.


I'm not gonna ride there again. Oh, wow. So he never ran there again. Wow. So we would have all of these events over the years he would be there. She came and my 50th birthday party and surprised me and walked out in front of everybody and did it. He, it was just, it was crazy. You know. Didn't you guys go to Cos Sell's funeral together? Yeah. And. it was sitting at Howard's funeral. Yeah. And they meant everything to each other, you know? Yeah. Howard, for all of his pomposity sided with Ali when, when Muhammad refused to go into the service. And he, he kept him going and fought for him. And, and in some ways helped the Supreme Court overturn his conviction. And they meant a lot to each other.


So I'm sitting next to him, closed casket. And Ali says, whispers to me. He goes, Hey little brother, you think he's wearing his hair piece? So now I lose it, I lose it. I'm just gone. It's like, you know, somebody farted in, in church. That's what this is. Like. Oh my God. I'm laughing, I'm laughing, I'm laughing. And I said, I, I don't think so. He said, well, how will God recognize him? And I said, once he opens his mouth, he'll know. So this went on, this went on and on. And now we age. We all age. And I get a call that he's not gonna make it through that weekend.


Mm. And so Lonnie, his unbelievable wife, says, listen, it's gonna be Memorial in Louisville. Muhammad wanted you to be one of the eulogies. I said, oh my God, can you come? I said, of course. We'll come. So we fly there. It's very emotional. It's an arena of 17,000 people. Jesus, that day. They paraded the casket through town and people ran after it. The way that people looked at the, at the train with Robert Kennedy's casket flying by. And just, he, I mean, and I'm sitting there waiting to go on.


President Clinton's on my left and Janice is on my right. And we're still holding hands. And I'm thinking to myself, what if Robert Klein was in town? Those, all those years ago. Or what if you had been on SNL? What if you had gotten on that night, October 11th. Right. 1975. You still, because you're, you, you make it But. It's different. This is, how could it have gone better than it went? Yeah. That's why I've, I so value my time now because my choices get more interesting because they're more limited. Yeah. Just because of time. Yeah. Alright. What do I do? If I could, if I could do that, I would do that.


If I had a chance to do that, I would do that. Yeah. That's why when I developed this show Yes. Called before Yep. For Apple. Yep. With my great friend, an amazing writer named Eric Roth And. then we found this phenomenal writer named Sarah Thorpe, who really created the show from, from our initial ideas about this pediatric psychiatrist who I play, who's dealing with this troubled little boy who is Noah. Yeah. He, he, he's really a savant. He's, he's mute a lot. He's an, he can draw what he can't talk about. And, I have to draw him out. And he shows up One day out of the blue my wife had is had committed suicide and mourning her.


How did this happen? Why did this happen? Why is this kid here? And why does this kid just show up on my doorstep, scratches his name into my front door and the show goes off from there. And why him? Why me? And it's, it's, I'm so proud of this show. And it's, well, this is what, This is what I want. You know, you talk about these trajectories. We live in an era now. There's positives. You can say there's positives, there's negatives. It's just what it is. I think one of the things that's very positive about this time we're in is that I think people used to get pigeonholed more for star. So if a star, like you said, I wanna make this series that is about some really dark material.


And it's got a lot of mystery to it. But this is, we're gonna get great actors. We're gonna get great cinematographer and we're gonna shoot this, this series. I think there would've been a time where they said, well no, you're, you're Billy Crystal. Yeah. We're not gonna let you do that. That's not what, but what we want you to do is this sitcom we've got where your Uncle Goofy, you know? Yeah. This is clearly, I saw the first three episodes. They, lemme see the first three episodes, which I loved And. it is quite different, I think, from anything you've done before. Oh yeah. I, I've always tried to straddle that, you know, coming off of three really funny movies in a row. Throw Mama From The Train, Harry, Sally and C Slickers.


It's, that's, those were like really good funny movies. And then I did Mr. A Saturday night, which to me is, is still my, one of my favorite things that I've done as a film. But. it was risky. 'cause he's not a likable character. Right. The movie is really funny. But it gets, it gets hard, it gets edgy, And it didn't open and that was tough to take at the time. but I, so I've always tried to try to do don don't wanna be pigeonholed. don don't. But Also, even in When Harry Met Sally, you, you're invested. The movie works because you guys are invested in it as actors. So you're not just playing it for laughs. No, it was a great script. Nor Ephron. Yeah.


Rest in peace, Rob. Such, I'm gonna say rest in peace. Even though I saw him two nights ago. Yeah. Rob, rest in peace. We're thinking of you, Rob. Perfect, perfect director. Yep. For that material. Especially, we're best friends, but pushing that aside to say, I'm not playing you. I gotta play this guy. Yeah. And, and working on that with and, and Meg and Bruno and, and Carrie. That was a, it's a great story. It's great. It's was an amazing experience. And it holds up still. Yeah. And new people find it all the time.


My granddaughter who just graduated, go from, From the place where we saw each other. Right. Yeah. Juvenile detention. They showed the facility. Both our kids went there. They Didn't, they didn't know that I was her grandfather. So there was a film class she was taking and they showed the movie and, you know, didn't they go, oh my God, she hadn't seen it before. And. it was like a whole renaissance kind of thing. Would you come to the school and talk to us? And you know, it was, it was, it was, it's really interesting that it's that movie in particular and City slickers too. Yeah. Is is a They're evergreens. Yeah. You know, and new people keep discovering them.


And that's, that's, that's great. That's very thrilling. You know, you're never supposed to, if you're a prosecutor, And I feel like a prosecutor right now. You're never supposed to ask a question. You don know the answer to. Is this a series where there could be a season two or does it culminate at the end of the first season? This culminates we're talking about. Where does, Because your character Eli, it's a good character. And, and We talking about a new Apple's already hinting around, what could we do next? We love this. You're gonna turn you into a phone. That's what they're gonna do. It's, It's the most difficult part I've ever had to play. Yeah. It gets, boy, I am just dying to tell you everything.


Yeah. 'cause I'm so excited about it. What Such a terrific cast, too Great cast. Judith Per Lights, Juda Light. Rosie Perez. I'm leaving out somebody. I'm gonna show up in the next Pop Davis. I'll be in the next season. And, and this amazing young boy. He's terrific. Yeah, he's great. Jacoby. Yeah. He's 10, he plays eight. That's how good he is. I swore he was nine. Right. Like kid's a magician. Am I right? And you were shocked. Yeah. You Were shocked. Yeah. Well he's had a lot of work done. Yeah. And if you need, if you need the number of his doctor I do Alright. Clearly I do Jack could be ju Yeah.


JUPE. He's phenomenal. Yeah. And we have moments together that are so difficult to play. Yeah. We have five directors during the season and they would come up to him and say, we're gonna change the blocking the camera, where the camera's going, so why don't we rehearse? And we one time and he goes, no, I've got it. Oh my God. I, I'd rather not rehearse. That's Incredible. He could do that. I can't do that. Yeah. They lead me in here with peanut butter. Shouldn't believe it. There you go. And then they pay, ah, no, the, the Show is all good. He's so good. This kid, The show is called Before. It's on Apple TV plus.


And it's a limited series, but it's really brilliant. And you know, we, I've said this before, but we started doing this podcast as you remember, Sona just as a fun thing. 'cause I don't even, I didn't know what a podcast was. And I was an opportunity. I realized very quickly I get to sit and talk to people who I really admire, who've had these brilliant careers, And I get to talk to them for an hour about all the things I wanna find out. And it's a, it's a mitzvah as the Irish say. And well, If there's anything else you'd like to find out, I have a good parking spot so I I can stay a little bit longer. This has been an absolute joy.


It really has. Thank you so much. Well, Can I change what I said in the beginning? Okay. We've never done this, but you'll be the first. Hi, my name is Billy Crystal. And I. Feel great about being Conan O'Brien's friend. Oh, that's terrific. Did I go soft? Is that too soft? You went too soft And you, you know what? You lost the hardcore edgy audience. You know the punk rockers? They've left Punk rock. The punk rock. The alter rockers. Yeah, exactly. Billy, really thank you for being here and congrats on everything and thank You man. You know, before we go, conno And I did. Oh My God. Yeah. Tell We, We were lovers.


We together in the Yankee dressing room at Yankee Stadium. Lemme back it up just a little and then I'll pass it back to you. Which is Billy is gonna come on the show back in the day doing the late night show. I'm very excited. I'm not sure Billy had been on before and I'm like, this is great. Billy Crystal's coming on. I'm excited about the whole thing. That day we get a call would Conan, I believe, or maybe it was the night before But. it might've been that day. Does Conan want to come? Billy had an idea. He might like to go to, he knows Conan likes to do things in the field. Would Conan want to go with Billy to Yankee Stadium? Shoot it and we'll get it on the, we'll edit it and get it on the air that night. Right? We said yes. The next thing you know, I'm in a van racing to Yankee Stadium and then you take it away.


We go into the locker room and Conan goes through Darryl Strawberry's mail. Yeah. Which is illegal by the way, these days. He's not just reading open fan letters. He's opening envelopes. I'm opening envelopes. Billy's like, I'm not sure. And I'm like, I got it, Billy. And of course, oh God, it was funny. We also went in, I'm, you know, grew up in Boston. Yeah. Lifetime. Boston Red Sox fan. Right. Like a jackass. I'm wearing a T-shirt with a Red Sox jersey over it. Right. You lead me into the clubhouse. There's Joe Torry. That's right. Joe Tori May That probably doesn't watch late night tv. Not quite sure. He thinks you brought Jane Lynch in.


So you walk in, he's like Billy And. I. Remember he was on an exercise machine. That's right. Yeah. He's on an exercise and she goes, and we got cameras. And he is like, Billy, great to see you. And he looks over and he looks at me and I've never seen, he sees this asshole in the, the Cathedral. Yeah. And I'm wearing a Red Sox jersey. And all he knows is that if I was not with Billy, I'd have been immediately murdered. You might, you might have been. He just would've pushed a button. And I would've been murdered. But we had a, we had, It was fun. We had a blast. We chopped it up. We got it on the air that night. And still, I hear from people about it, mostly about a crime I committed. But yeah. Billy, thank you. I I can't thank you enough for being in here.


And. I loved it. And I loved it. And, and you're welcome back here. Anytime. Thank you. And congratulations on the show. Thank you. And congratulations on everything. It's been a, it is been a, it's been a trip, man. You know, and more to come. Yeah. That's, that's the, you know, I'm gonna be 77. Did I just say that? Next March. And boy, I just look forward to more and more and more stuff to do. Yeah. You know, well also, you look good. Whatever you're doing. Whatever. I I know that you and Marty Short are tight. Every time Marty sees me, it's one of my favorite lines. He says, Conan my boy, whatever you're having done, whatever work you're having done, I say 20% more.


And then stop. Oh, he's, you know, we, I love him to pieces. He is amazing. Yes. He's a ridiculous, he's a ridiculous mp. But Billy, God bless. Thanks for doing this. Thank you. Thank, appreciate it. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sono of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer.


Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent Booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Con. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three free months of Sirius XM when you sign up at siriusxm.com/ Conan. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded,


We all have our own behind the wheel persona. Are you a Windows Down sing along to your favorite song seat, lean back kind of driver. Or perhaps an AC blasting podcast on hugging the wheel kind of driver, however you move through life. Atlantic Union. Bank is on board. 'cause we agree things should be done your way. Especially banking work with someone you trust who's there when you need them. For all the ways you bank. Call schedule a video appointment or make a pit stop at an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more. Atlantic, Union Bank. Any way you bank


Man holidays coming up gets pretty intense, doesn't it? It does. Very intense. During the holiday season, it feels like you're packing a lot into every second. Everything gets compressed pressure. It's stressful so much to do. That's why ADT spends all their seconds helping protect all of yours while you're out. The ADT Plus app gives you complete control over who has access to your home. Mm. With the Google Nest doorbell from ADT, you can know for sure if that Santa or Aunt Mildred at the front door. See, I'd be suspicious 'cause I don't have an Aunt Mildred. It's Aunt Mildred Thief. ADT has the largest number of companies owned 24 7 monitoring centers in the industry. when every second counts count on ADT. Visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT ASAP. Google and Google Nest doorbell are trademarks of Google LLC.