
Hi, my name is Bill Hader, and I feel Grateful about Being Colonel O'Brien's friend. That's so sweet. Back to school. Ring. Climb the fence. Friends. Friends. Hey, con O'Brien here. Welcome to Con O'Brien. Needs a friend joined, as always by Sona of Sesion. Hi Sona. Hi. And of Course, Matt Gorley.


Hi. Good to see you, Matt. Good to see Matt. You have some props. You're a prop comic now. No, This was handed to me by the lovely Ruthie in the same way that a child is dropped off at a fire station's doorstep. This is the, or Moses, a young Moses arrives in a readed basket. Well, this was, I believe, literally found on the doorstep here, and it said to Conan O'Brien and Matt Gorley. Huh. That's Nice. And it says, Conan and Matt. Great news by unanimous vote. The DFS of Larchmont are proud to grant you honorary membership. We are a highly selective unit of local dads who live up to our slogan, protect and provide as elite members, You know, have the right and responsibility to wear the hat.


Lean into dad jokes and grill things in a robe. We know you'll make us proud with honor. Dan Lerman, founder DS of Larchmont. So Ds, I don't understand Larchmont. Let me explain to the listener or viewer if you're consuming us that way. My head is covered in cobwebs. Oh, Got it. As a loan. Air on it. Girl. Let's get it off. Someone was murdered in this hat. Well wait a minute. So I should explain. Larchmont refers to the area we're on Larchmont Boulevard. Larchmont Village here in Los Angeles. Yes. And this is where we have our little building.


And so I guess this person knows that this is where we do our work. Do people just know that? I didn't know people knew that. I Mean, isn't that weird? They sure know it now. Mine has a number on the inside. Does yours too? Mine says 21. Oh. Mine says 20. Hey guys. Real cool In on the ground floor. Signed and numbered. So DPH stands for what? Dad? I'd like to Let him go. Gu. Oh, wait, what? Well, it's all right. You probably know. Well, You know, You know what a MILF is. Oh, yeah. And DPH is a dad. I'd like to fuck. Oh, I Didn't know that. Oh, I'd never heard the term. Oh yeah. A mom is a mom. I'd like to fuck. And a dad is a dad. I'd like to fuck. Does anyone wanna fuck a dad?


Hopefully mom. Okay. Well, like so, You know, I mean, a MILF is a hot mom and this gives me, gives hope. Yeah. A df is a hot dad. Okay, so that's A compliment. You're, that's nice. You guys are two hot dads, man. But wait a minute, didn't this come not from a woman, it came from, who is this? A dad? Yeah. A, a Society of DFS here in La Larchmont called the DFS of Larchmont. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So guys, the think you guys are fuckable. Yeah. Dads this. Dad. Dads who people like to fuck. Think we're dads that they'd like to fuck. Yeah. They wanna fuck. Wait. What? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You guys are Dils, you're dads. I like to fuck. I like to fuck Yes. No. We're d diffs di dads.


Dads like to fuck. No. 'cause these are di like to fucks Who wanna fuck you Guys? You know What? I think they're calling, they wanna rescind it. Right Now. It's, I think We're, I think they're on the line. You know, We're, I think it's like incredibly obvious that people wanna fuck us that other dads. So it's, we are di s duh. Oh, wow. Can we fit that on the hat? Let's see. Don't you think? Yeah. I'm a filth. Duh. Right? Oh my God. Oh, Because obvi. Yeah. Conan O'Brien. I don't. And you're like a di i duh. What's that supposed to mean?


You're sort of trailing off. They're getting a look at your shirt. They're wondering Does He go to the My shirt? Well, I don't know. I don't wanna buy ice cream from you in the twenties. Well, I don't Wanna be in prison. Pajamas Be back Prison pajamas. Those Are prison Pajamas. These are not, this is a very nice, beautiful blue shirt shirt. Don't fight. Don't fight. Don't fight. Yeah. Di fight. Fuck each other up. Hey, let's make that movie di fight. Oh yeah. Things get real. Oh my God. That's good. Di Fight. You know what I mean? It's sort of like fight club, but it's just two guys with like grilling spatulas. Yeah. Grilling Spatulas. And like a TV remote and a baby And a baby. Bjorn whatever. Bjorn. Yeah. Yeah. I like it. It's attached to it. Let's get that dill fight di Fight.


And instead of like at the vacant lot at midnight, it's, it's at the like, trader Joe's at High Noon or something like that. Yeah. And first they have to make sure they still got those cedar chips. The peach ones. The peach flavored ones. Yeah. They still got 'em. All right. Let's do the fight. Let's get the checks first. Hold on first. Hold on, hold on, hold on. You still got that pumpkin cider that comes out every September? Yeah. Okay. Alright. I'm ready. We'll be in, we'll be in in a few minutes, but first we're gonna have it out. Hey, why are we gonna a fight? Let's just, let's just have a beer. Ader. Come on. Yeah. Let's talk about smoking meat. Yeah. And can I lose this gruff voice and just talk how I normally call it? Yeah. Yeah. That's not who you are. Okay. I like it. This movie sells itself to absolutely no one. All right. Well, Congrat, congrats on being admitted into the DFS of Larchmont.


This is clearly an elite society that hands out hats in a bucket that are covered in cobwebs and stray hairs. Yes. Thank you. DITs DITs. Of Larchmont. Of Larchmont. We appreciate the sentiment. I Expect to see us represented in these little silhouettes here, though. Oh, There are little silhouettes Too. There should be one really tall one. Yeah. I'll draw little longer legs on mine. Yeah. Wait, that'll look like the other guys are hovering. Anyway, let's get going. My guest today is an Emmy award-winning actor comedian, who was a cast member on Saturday Night Live and wrote and starred in the hit HBO series. Barry, come on. For God's sake. Yeah.


He is the man. Please welcome Bill Hader. You just were telling me just before the, we started rolling. Is it rolling? Recording? Rolling. Rolling. I don't know the lingo. I'm new in the business. Six Years. You said that you were heard someone walked up to you what? On the street? Yeah. And said, why are you on Conan? Well, you guys, you are on his podcast. All you guys do is just laugh and giggle, but there's no talking. It's like one guy talks and the other guy's laughing over that guy. And, and I just wish there was more of a discourse.


Well, I was like, okay, I Just want, I just wanna fuck with that guy now. We should just howl the whole time and say nothing. It's Like I, there's just so hot to to, to, to, to figure that. Yeah. The people, he Can't sep him fixed. Yeah. That's what I would say To him. First Of all. Yeah. Septum Sam. Yeah. He, I, I was a guy, guy. Many women very interested in me have log line of suited. So, But those are always the people that would come up to you that would have an issue in New York especially.


Yeah. You would come up and go, I didn't really Like the show. Like, like no one comes up. Like, I couldn't believe the show was so bad. It was always like the, when I first started SNL there was always guys walking up and Going, they should use you Boah. That's nice. That's a nice thing. It nice. Which was very sweet. That's a nice thing. I go, Warren, these guys said I should use you more. Who? Who are they? Show Me. Wait, wait, where are they? Oh God. Shit. There's, I was just remembering we were, and this is all gonna be random thoughts that come into my head. 'cause that's what happens when I talk to you. But when I worked at SNL all those years ago, Leslie Nielsen was the guest.


And he famously had this, he had this thing made that would make a farting noise. And he, he went to like a craftsman. I mean, you could, this thing was not something he bought in a novelty shop. Leslie Nielsen. This was his sense of humor. He want, this thing was beautifully made. It was made of, You know, some sort of teak, some sort of polished wood, and it had brass fittings and everything. And he would make these farting noise. And I remembered you'd be talking to him like, okay. So anyway, Leslie, the idea of this bit. Yeah. And he'd be doing it and he'd be like, oh, okay. But then he kept doing it to Lauren and you realize it would nothing, You know, because of the 50th anniversary, there's all these documentaries now, Lauren and Lauren. Lauren always keeps his dignity in any situation.


Yeah. And I'll never forget Leslie Nielsen. Lauren will be like, so I think we're gonna do, and, and Leslie Nielsen would always do kind of a take like to the side, like, who was that? You know, an innocent, his innocent Leslie Nielsen face take. And you could see that big chunks of Lauren's organs were dying. Just dying. Like the fellow Canadian. Yeah, fellow Canadian. He's having, he's hosting the show and he's just Talking to you. Such a solid Yeah. He comes in with this device. Yeah. He comes in with this device. Oh, thank you. And it's just Lauren's least favorite kind of comedy.


And I was, I just was fascinating. And it was nothing Lauren To do. Can't imagine. I was a pa on this. I've talked about it a couple times. The Arnold Schwarzenegger movie, collateral Damage. And Bill Hardy, actually his name and, and Jason Tre, they had a fart machine that they missing and they put it on the boom guy, Earl Sampson. They put it on his belt without him knowing it. Right. So he was in an elevator with Schwarzenegger and this Francesca Neri was the actress. And they're having this really intense scene. Like, we got to get guitar view and we need, and it was very, yeah. And they somehow could do it where I wasn't just like, it was like Realistic.


And so we were all kind of like at the monitor listening. So it's him going, I could do, We got, If we can get the antidote, Everybody will Know That You are gonna be alright. And we were like, I can't hear it. Can you hear it? Or, and whatever. And then we knew it was working. 'cause then the clapper came in and the guy was laughing, it was shaking. He was like, take me Take three. And it came out. We were like, oh good. And yeah, the Sper Sampson, the bo guy was like, where is that coming from? And it was on his belt. I just need to do is get, get out of here. Just, does Arnold ever call it out and say what's happening?


No, I think, I think after, I think somebody came in and was like, get that off. Like took it off his belt and like came over and like, we're making, we all making a movie and we all, and we all acted like stupid. Like, what? Wait, what happened? Who did that? That was 25 years ago. Sorry. Jason, bill. I just outed you guys. But yeah, we were all like, wait, what's going on? But it was so perfect. It was too big a farts. It wouldn't have worked. Right. It Had to be little subtle. If have been subtle, if it had been the, You know, Leslie Nielsen type variety. Too much. That's too Much. Lauren would've liked this. He would've been like, it's, it's not whit.


He would get, oh my God. I know Lauren would get frustrated when you, 'cause you melaney, you guys would have these obsessions Yeah. About very small things in show business. Yeah. That he, Lauren loves a big, he likes a home run hitter. He likes someone who's gonna go out there. He likes, You know, gimme your church lady. Gimme the character that everyone just can't wait to see softball down the middle. And I, I know that you guys loved coming Up with Stuff that would kind of Yeah. You know, like, I mean, the, the one I'm thinking of is, you, you would, you were doing a Judd Hirsh impression on the show. Oh Yeah.


When I came back to host Steve Higgins saying out of the gate, like, Hey, Stevie goes, all right. None of that sandwich in a briefcase Shit that you and Melaney like so much. Oh my god. Sandwich in a briefcase is a perfect description of the weird sandwich in a briefcase. Made me laugh Because that's so accurate. We're Be like, And I remember, yeah, we had a sandwich and a briefcase in a sketch when, and it got cut. And I told Malaney he wasn't there yet. Yet. Can I show the concept real Fast? Oh, yeah. Sure, sure. Yeah. Oh, oh, sorry, sorry. Yeah. The concept of those sketch, we'll edit here everybody. Okay. And three, two, and, okay.


One and two. And it was called Kish in Color. And it was a, I Remember this, it was a, it was a cop show, a seventies cop show called Kish. And the, and the host was Kish. And then we basically kind of just did that thing where we ripped off from a police squad where everybody, and, but it wasn't a thing where we all froze and we, and we pretended to be frozen. And someone came in. The joke was that they would freeze too early. Yep. You know, so I'd be like, I gotta tell you, K And and Judd Hirsch was the captain. The, the, the, and it was, and I had enter scenes and I go, and Greetings in a salutations Kish.


I say, you are right. Kish. And Mayor Giuliano was setting all those fires and, and you would walk in and it was like, I gotta tell you, Ganish No. You know, it was like, it would, it would freeze too early. Yes. Yes. If it was a thing that John and I would, and, and Fred would get on it too, where we, the ideas that we would try that, that the Warren would just be like, no, like super arc. Like we wanna do one thing called about time life. It was a guy, me and Fred, recording time Life. It was like a time life commercial. It was like time life, commercial.


It was like Jimmy Hendrix, Jimmy Hendrix, the Star Spangled Batter. And then you slowly realize it's Woodstock. Yeah. And it was like John Lennon, John Lennon, John Lennon. And it was just, and we were laughing so hard. And it played like this. Everybody was like, why is that? Why is this happening? Why is this happening? And we were like, could not get through it. We were laughing so hard. And I just remember it was one of those things, If you had seen it at, at SNL, everybody has their stacks of sccr scripts and they're kind of reading along. And if something sucks, you'll just see someone in the middle of a sketch just go and just drop it on the floor drop.


Yes. Oh my God. I saw that many times. And you would just, everybody was just dropping it, looking at the next sketch. Like, there's no way we're doing this. And so when you see that, you just like, take it slower. You're like, John, And looking at everybody, Twist the knife. But You know what, I, maybe you can relate to this, but when I was a kid watching television, I loved it when the people making the comedy, even if I didn't know what they were talking about, if I could sense that they were smart, that they didn't care. Yeah. If I laughed or not, like Monty Python. Monty Python was a big one. Yeah. Monty Python. I didn't understand half of what they were talking about.


'cause sometimes they would do sketches about whatever was happening in, in London politics or British politics in 19 69, 19 70. But there'd be other sketches that I didn't quite understand, but I could tell the rhythm of it. I could tell this was really smart, was really funny. And I could also tell that they, they weren't yearning from my laughter. Yeah, Yeah. You know, they were just making themselves laugh. They were making themselves laugh. SCTV was like that. Well, SCTV would do jokes. There was a towering inferno parody they did where there was a big fire and it was a, and all the characters. And because of, there were so many different characters. Edith, I remember remember this? Yeah. The Andrea Martin.


Yeah. Played Edith Prickly, but she also played another character. So there was one scene, Andrea Martin was playing the other character in the scene, and there's like nine characters in the room. And they just had Edith Prickley, who always wore like a leopard skin pillbox hat. They clearly just put that on a, a, an act, You know, another Actor, another Actor and another actor, and had that actor turn their back and so that they could do the sketch. And then at the end of the sketch, I think it was John Candy says, all right, let's get moving. So and so soAnd, so so and so prickly double You come with me. And I'm like, I'm, I don't know how old I was at the time. I might have been 14. You're like, you're allowed to do that. I, I couldn't, I literally felt like a laser beam of truth hit me in the middle of my forehead.


Yeah. And I thought, I can't believe that just came through my television. Yeah. They didn't care if I noticed that joke or not. Yeah. They said it so quickly. Yeah. I mean, John Candy also did that guy, it was like, it was fishing with bands, like, where he would have new wave bands and he would fish with them. Yep. And then there was this throwaway thing where they would get the fish and they'd be cooking it, and they would offer it to him. And he would go, oh, I don't eat fish. I know that I've heard. Anyway, I don know if it's true that you Malaney and Armisen had a text exchange going For a while.


Oh yeah. We still do. Where You're the Van Halen brothers. Oh, well, no, that was, that was during the pandemic, but it wasn't that. So we've had basically since the, the fir March, 2020 until now, we have a text chain that, and we, I mean, we basically communicate every day on it. I mean, our girlfriends and wives, You know, are you texting with John? And You know, and Kimmel sometimes and other people. But I find the Van Halen brothers funny. I I've always found them very funny. They're so talented and such great musicians, but they were very touchy and they would air out their grievances to anybody. Yeah. Yeah. And I always find that funny. And there was an interview with them when, when David Lee Roth, they're Roth, always mad at David Lee Roth.


They're always mad at David Lee Roth. And it was when they reunited the MDV movie or music awards. And it was just funny how I was like, and then, You know, so Dave just goes up there and, You know, it was like Eddie Van Halen's, like, You know, Dave just goes up there, he's bopping and Booping doing his Dave thing. He's very disrespectful to Beck. And then you hear Alex Van Halen going Yeah, very disrespectful. Very Disrespectful today. And I sent it to Malaney and Fred and Malaney said, could you imagine getting rear-ended by these guys? And I just started us getting rear-ended the conversation, and then them holding a press conference. And I remember Fred had the joke.


He just put in Parentes. No one is asking anything. No, no. Reporter's asking a question. And then it was Eddie Van Halen going All right. One at a time. One at a time. One at a time. Are they still mad at, at, at David Lee Roth, even though he wasn't involved in the accident? Yeah, That was probably, I just find out. Yeah. David Lee Roth is hilarious too. Like, there's, there's a story. Someone told me, my friend Paul, who's in the band, the ocs told me a story. I don't know if it's true or not, but apparently Henry Rollins was going into like a morning zoo crew interview. And David Lee Ross was coming out, You know, so it's like six in the morning. And David Lee Ross got this long beautiful coat on.


And Henry Rollins is like, Hey man, I just wanna say I'm a big fan and everything. And, and David Lee Ross goes, oh man, you want a drink? And he opened up the, the ca and he just, it was lined with beer. Oh. The thing was just, all these be That sounds True. And, and Sounds True. Yes. And Henry Rollins is like the most straight edge guy around. He goes, no, man, I, no, I don't want to drink. And, and DA Roth went, what's the Matter, man? You got school tomorrow. I Hope that's true. I Hope that's true. It has to be true. It has To be true school tomorrow.


I was like, I love this guy. I love it when people, I always love It. It's literally not progressed since years, years of high school. I love it when people are a band. I love it when people are who you want them to be. Yeah. At all times. That always made me really happy when I would meet celebrities or famous people. And they were exactly, exactly who I wanted them to be. When I worked at South Park, he pitched a movie to, that's where it was, it was like, like a, where he was an assassin and stuff. And he was like, about A guy try to get his dog back. And We were like, oh. And we had to say, oh, they made this movie John Wick, that's kind of, Nah, but the guy has a dog. I go, yeah, no, he Has a dog. Famously.


Famously, What do you mean he's got a dad? And then he Thinks no one's seen those. Rey Parker. Yeah. Then Trey Parker pitched, he goes, well, what If you, you're you, and it's like you're having to go on these missions, but you gotta like have the band, You know, the band's also going, Hey Dave, we need you on tour and stuff like that. He goes, nah, I don't want these, those guys involved with this. Then he came by, I remember he walked around the South park and You know, people, they, they draw on their desk and they can like move around. And so they draw like this. So it's like the drawing desk is like canted, You know? Yeah. And there was a guy drawing and he just walked around and he went up to this guy who was drawing like that. He goes And He goes, and he just seized him with this desk.


He Goes, Hey, what's wrong with you long night? Like, Everything's in a party contest. Yeah. And he goes, long night. And he went and the guy went, whoa, diamond Dave. I'm not kidding. Don't you think that's his life? Yeah. People coming outta mans. It's me, Dan. Hey, it's me, diamond Dave. We are at the South Pasadena 4th of July parade. And he was just unaffiliated with the parade riding around on a bicycle throughout the like parade ground. Yeah. He was not invited to the parade. Not, He Was nothing to, to do at the parade. That is, that's my favorite. I wanna beat him. And he was nice. I just wanna make it clear, like we loved him at, at South Park.


It wasn't like a thing where we were like, oh, why is this guy here? We were like totally in awe. We were like, oh my God, that's fucking David Lee Ross. And he did not disappoint at all. And he was so sweet and nice. But yeah, it was awesome. You're One of those people, you fall into this class of person. There's a bunch of 'em who I rarely have a normal conversation with because it goes into riffs and voices right away. Yeah. There's a whole bunch of people, I think will Ferrell's in that group where I, I feel that if we were on a strand, if we were on a deserted island Yeah. Stranded, we wouldn't even go searching for food or water. Well, the bitch just be doing would drive everybody crazy. Yeah. And then it's funny though, we'll have those conversations and then it's usually when we're paying the check that I'm like, Hey, I'm really depressed.


I'm going through something. And you're like, oh man, I'm stuck. You know? No, no. It's, it's true. And then I feel like I, I'm like, yeah, we'll get to that. You know, who's also depressed? Wow. This guy. Yeah. Like a mania. Depressed. Yeah. Don't go do Colombo right now. We, 'cause before the podcast, I went in and I was chatting with you, and I went in and the first thing I was gonna do was ask you, 'cause I know you live in the Palisades, and I was gonna ask you about, You know, your house and your family and everything. Before I could do it, we got off onto something and then we're just laughing our asses off, like idiots.


And then just as we're about to come to the podcast, you went Yeah, no, no, we, we are, I, I think you said like two of our houses burned or something. Yeah, yeah. And I, yeah, it was something really, and I thought, shit. Yeah. I was supposed to start With that. No, that's our, that's our whole, that's been our whole friendship. Yeah. It's like, it's joy and fun and goofing around. And then it's like, oh yeah, I'm here to tell you. Like, should I go on medication Conan? You know? Not if it makes you less funny. No. Yeah, no, Absolutely not. Get those endorphins running with voices. Oh, You should not Serotonin.


Ask Conan If you should be on Medication. No, no. I I'm on so much medication. No, no. But it, it is true. Yeah. We lost. So my kids, my ex-wife and I live very close to each other, and she lost her house. And then my house is standing, but like, unlivable, it's like, there's just devastation all around. All, all around. Yeah. And, and then the only way I could get up there, so fires were on Tuesday. I wasn't there because I was shooting the VW commercial as a cal, as the Californians. And we were just, and we were shooting that commercial, and so dressed as the guy from the Californians in Malibu.


And we look up and there's smoke, and it was me and Kristen Wig and a scene. And Kristen two that morning went, there's a really bad windstorm coming. I'm really concerned about fires. First thing she said to me. And then I we're shooting and I look up, I saw smoke, and the guys go, oh, don't worry, that's in the Palisades. I go, I live in the Palisades. And it was just dead silence. And then I was like, I gotta go. And so I never got a chance to go home. Yeah. And so I went, I just went, I just went up and I go here, I, I have, You know, medication, which is true, You know, up there and I need to go and get it. And they said, no, it's too dangerous. And I saw news crew and I literally just went up to them and I was like, you recognize me?


And they were like, no. And I was like, all right. I go To next one. I was like, You recognize me? And the guy was like, Hey, no way. Hey, What's going on? Diamond Dave. Diamond Dave? And I was like, that's right. Hey, man, I gotta get my, I gotta get my stuff. I'm showed Hurs. You can be whoever you wanna be. Hey, You seen ordinary people. How about taxi Shit? So they let you Up? They let me up. I went up with them. Oh. So I went up with a news crew and I go, do you guys want interview me? I Saw that in front of my house. I Saw you interview you. So that was the only way I could get up there was if I went up with the news crew. Oh, God. And so I went up, went into my house, and I was like, oh, wow.


It's not too bad. And then I just stepped and it was like dust, You know, toxic Sure. Stuff everywhere. And then the back when it, it's, yeah, it was no good. And, and I was just in total shock. Sona lost her place in Altadena. I'm sorry. And it is something that must still feel crazily surreal. Yeah. To you. It Does. Yeah. It's hard. It's crazy. It is. It's just, You know, you, you, you wanna keep things in perspective and say everyone's okay, but you, you miss the stuff that you lost. The community's gone. Yeah. The community's gone. That was the hardest thing. Yeah. Was actually seeing like, oh my gosh, this is my kids. Yeah.


This is everything is, is, You know, gone. And, and that, that was the thing that kind of hit me so hard was, oh my God, my, You know. So, so that was horrible. And it was just kind of, I didn't, I thought I was gonna go up there and hopefully the house would be somewhat okay, and I could get my passport and get outta there or something. And instead it just seeing the devastation in that community and everything, just, I was like, speechless. Yeah. So then I, they, You know, I, I could feel those guys going, oh, we're gonna get a good interview with you. And they could see that I was, it was hitting me. Yeah. And then they felt bad and they went, we'll just turn off the camera and let's just take you back.


And I was like, all right, thanks. Oh, you didn't do one? I did do one. They aired it. Oh, bastards. No, I'm joking. Like, you Cry. Yeah. Cry. Cry. You did nine characters. I did nine characters. I was like, oh God, I can't believe It's gone. My God. You guys like that. You like that? How about that? Love me. Love me. It never ends. Nothing will make it die. My need for a laugh. No. But yeah, it was just, it was crazy. I had this moment, the moment that hit me was I grabbed, I had this instinct that I just grabbed my keys.


Oh. And I put it in my pocket and I went, this, these, the car keys, the key, these open nothing. And I just like, put 'em away. I was like, eh. Right. You know, that those were those moments. But Yeah. And everybody who's dealing with it, I mean, it's horrible the amount of GoFundMe I've been on and stuff like that. Yeah. It's just been rough. Yeah. It's one of those strange things that occurred to me where the news is always showing us every part of the world where something crazy is happening and you sort of become, You know, you're distance from it, but you're just seeing these terrible things happen in other places. And then something on sort of with that kind of intensity happened. Yeah. Yeah. And you think, wait a minute. Well, The thing that's amazing with me is my looking at my, my kids, and they've been through a pandemic, and then they've been through this.


Yeah. And they're my and my daughter. I was like, well, I found a rental house. And she went, oh, can I see it? And they're like, oh. Oh. And then she made the, in her computer, she made this like, overview overhead view of her room. And she's like, oh, cool. So maybe I could put a dresser here and put, and she was so positive. Yeah. And I went, oh, they're so resilient. And they have their moments, You know, but it's, it's the opposite. Everybody's like, oh, are you there for your kids? I'm like, no, I, I'm getting more from them. You know? Yes. Yeah. I'm like so inspired by them and their ability to kind of move and adapt and be positive. Yeah. You Know? Also, I feel like, especially really young kids, your kids are three and a half.


Yeah. Mikey and Charlie, they only know now, like, they're so present Yeah. That we've talked about how you have no choice but to be present with them. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They're moving on. They, They've moved on already. I don't even know if they fully, I mean, I know they remember the house, but they, it's starting to be muddled in with like, oh, we went to the mountains once. So that's like Right. Maybe the mountain house that we went to. Yeah. Like they're just, they're losing their memory of it. Yeah. And you're like, I don't remember in my house at three and a half. So Yeah, it makes sense that they just kind of That's True. Are Moving on. Yeah. Mine are 15, 12, and 10. So it's like, they were, You know, it, it was tough.


And I mean, that was the most heartbreaking thing is my 10-year-old just saying, I just want to go home. Yeah, man. And you're like, honey, we can't, we can't go home. And that, that was brutal. But now it's, it's, yeah. I get inspiration from them and yeah. Just being very lucky that you have a great support system of friends. Alyssa Donovan who works with me, my girlfriend, ally Wong, like, all these people have just been great. So Yeah. It just, but yeah, it is a funny thing that Ally and I went today to just like, literally I had to like shop for clothes. I know, I know. And it was very sweet, You know? Yeah. She was like, let's go get you some jeans.


It's like, you're gonna camp. I know. It was, I, but I, it was very sweet. It was, I, it meant a lot to me that she was like, no, it's 'cause I was, I'm just wearing like, unique low sweats, You know, that I basically, You know, and my kids are like, you, you just, you're living in your pajamas, You know? I mean, like, they're very worried. And I told her about that and she was like, let me take you to get some clothes. And I was, so that was, so those are the, the, the moments. They're just weird. Isn, I don't have, I'm obviously don't have, we're displaced from our home. We can't get back in. And there's been a lot of smoke damage. But my situation was just, I have a lot of clothes in the back of my car. Yeah. And so I'm in a hotel and I'm here at the recording studio and moving around and I'm in different places.


And so I try to do regular workouts. I think it's clear. Oh and No, I was saying, you look good. Yeah. Real nice. Say it again as Vincent Price. You Look very nice. So, oh, fat Dana Golds. Dana Gold's words Fat. We were watching the Last Man on Earth, and there's a point when Vincent Price gets angry and he throws something and he went Fat. I Fell over last and then, so, okay. What? Okay, so you're hot. No, no, no. I was doing, how have you made this about you're hot.


No, no, no. I had to You're working. I had to, I was supposed to do a workout on Zoom and I realized that I had no sneakers. Oh. And so I, I looked down and I was wearing shoes. Yeah. Tattoo. Two people at a, an altadena. Well, I think now listen. Oh, you didn't have your sneakers shelter Being like, for your, just around like, he didn't have his sneakers. Yeah. Here's What do we not have Everything. Here's what I wanna say. Now. I had sneakers that were perfectly good for working out, but for the kind of workout I was going to do, I like ones that have, well, Brooks makes ones that have, if it's gonna be more aerobic, it has more of an insole.


Yeah. And well, they, they're costly, but that's the ones that I wanted. And they were of course, back at the house, which is fine, but I don't have access to. Yeah. Why isn't this seen as a tragedy? We don't have spoons, we have nothing. Lemme tell you another one. I got. There's this kind of sea salt. You guys know what dips are, right? Well, I can do 20 dips. Well, I could do five on my own. 15 with my trainer holding my legs A trainer, one trainer holding each leg, One trainer holding each leg, and another one lifting me up by my, like a child by my Shoulder.


Lemme try again guys. I don't have access to my home. And there's this kind of sea salt that I have in my home. It's there. The house is there. It's, it's pink. It's a pink sea salt. Yeah. I can't put Sea salt on the chocolate anymore. No. No. And so you don't get the salty and the sweet. You get just the sweet. No, then I go Down to Kelsons and it's Not there. No. Then I go to Ewon. But of course there's a line, I, my stories rank with yours. Sure. And I say, what do you mean you don't have the Haley Beaver smoothie? You Ran outta raspberry. You know, always I struck God.


I've always, and Lemon cur, My mind always goes to what would make people mad? And me having a GoFundMe, oh. To get my seed To sea salt. Get to get Tony Sea for chocolate Salt that I don't have Access to. Oh wow. I get people so mad. I can't believe this. This is an atrocity. What do you mean you don't have those almond pretzel bite, but a $25 Per bite. Per bite. What You mean you have no kimchi? Daddy Needs his kimchi. Where is A kimchi?


I don't care if there's no electricity. I need my kimchi. Me as that character going to different people who've had a terrible, facing a much, a really bad situation. I don't know. It makes me happy. But then I realize, oh, it's so awful. It's so awful. And I'm sorry, I, I can't Yeah, it is. Yeah. It was just, and it's interesting too, running into people who are also lost over house. I mean, that's the nice thing too, I'll say, is that so many people went through it. So, You know, with my kids and, and, and everybody, You know, it's like they're running, they have friends who are going through the same thing. And so they're all bonding. I'm trying to just take it back to reality and trying to forget what Conan just said.


I know, I'm joking. I'm Joking. The wrong sneakers thing. I'm joking. I think What I'm trying, we talked about losing our homes and you didn't have the right sneak. You had sneakers. Not the right sneakers. The sneakers I had were perfectly good. Oh, okay. Okay. For any workout. When I Go back to My house After they fumigated it, and I go into my pretty womanlike Closet Now I'm just gonna have to go in there and destroy everything. Joke. The Is the Perfect. I know it's sea Salt is the perfect thing to GoFundMe.


It's, oh my God, I have a headache. Just a picture of me in a white tuxedo. My house is fine On a yacht, but I don't Have access to my sea salt. During the fires. I took my yacht out to Catalina. Do You know what that was Like for me? Do You know what that was like For me? The rocking back and forth, the people saying, can we get on? We say, no, I have to hit them with an, or Hitting them with an awe. Throughout my back, I hurt my back and I just told my daughter, here's an awe Poke that reminds me of a, this is a crazy memory.


Takes me back to an SNL sketch of, I think there was a terrible disaster. I forget what it was. It's a, I think it might be a Downey sketch. There was a terrible disaster. He's the King of Yeah. And a Jim Downey sketch. And what happens is all the a-listers are gone have, have been wiped out. And so the blisters have been elevated. It's just a bunch of agents trying to figure out who the new A-listers are. But I remember there was one part where like, Charlton Heston is on an over a capsized boat and he's hitting people with a worse IBI don't know my mind. I love that. Yeah. Downey was always the guy that would come up with a sketch that you were like, oh, really? We're gonna do this.


Yeah. He was always the guy that I would be like, you want me to do this? Really? He is like, yeah, yeah. It'll be great. It'll be great. Everybody will laugh. I hope so. But yeah, I, You know, the sketch I always think of that I wish I, that so many people have told me about, Dana Carvey told me about everything was giant businessman. Yeah. That was the Jack Handy one. Yep. About the Jack Handy was, he had the office next to the one where Greg Daniels, Bob Odenkirk and I had a, had a, had an office and Robert Smigel would come back there all the time. And we, the, the bunch of us would just work on things together. Handy had the office next to ours, and we of course would stay up like three nights in a row.


And Jack Handy would come in and he'd put in, it's like he worked at a bank or something. He would put in, You know, eight hours and you'd, he'd type and you'd think, well, okay, You know, we're staying up three nights in a row. And then he would, his stuff at rehearsal read Be Like, unbelievable. Unbelievable. But giant businessman, I loved Giant Businessman was just Phil Hartman as a giant businessman inside a small, so it was him inside a small like apartment set. Yeah. Yeah. And he is like this. And he is like, and You know, Pardo and now The Adventures of Giant Businessman. And then it was him and then, and next Door are people, a band playing like loud and then he can't concentrate.


So then it cussed to him, and he is, he's like in the hallway and he has to like crawl on his knees. He's like huge, barely fit in the hallway. And he taps on the door with his finger and someone answers the door and he is like in giant business and goes, Excuse me, can you please turn your music down? And the goes, no, and If you ask us again, we'll kick your ass. And then it cuts to him back in his apartment and he takes up a tiny telephone and he goes, hello. Witness Protection program. He says, this has been the adventures. A giant businessman. So the fact that he is a giant and the fact that he is a businessman has nothing to do. No. And that he could step on these people, but He could step on them.


And then he got scared. And then so many people, Al Franken and Downey and Dana, and everybody go, I remember him doing it at the table. And they said that was the biggest laugh that they had heard at the table. That just kept going into the next sketch where people were like, wait, What I will Forte was like that. He had that sketch potato chip that people talk about sometimes. And I just, that was like at the table read it, said the script said potato chip, and then it, Lauren reads the stage direction and Lauren went open on NASA and we all died Because we're like, what?


It's called potato chip open on nasa. And we all fell over. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, well Forte, I don't know where he's like one of those guys, like him and John Solomon when they get together, it's like they don't, it's like they don't know where it comes from. Yeah. You know, it's just very genuine and Yes. Yeah. And he doesn't, when you would write with him, I would be laughing hard and he kind of wouldn't be laughing. He would kind of look at you like, yeah. So, and then he would say the funniest shit I've ever heard. But it didn't, yeah. He is like, no, no, no. These are jokes and we'll put 'em together. You know. But I always admired that, You know, 'cause he never would try to put on or anything. He was just very, just genuinely Funny. It came from a really pure place. Yeah. Very pure place.


Yeah. I was always impressed with that. Well, We have, we've tapped out, we've gone, I mean, you've given us much joy. You've also given us some reality, which I of course Ignore 'em. Talked about people losing their homes and I made it, You know, about how I don't those really good sneakers. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You can see, see it from my point of view. Now I get it. No, no. You know what I'm saying? Oh, you get it. No, no. But You know what I mean. It's not the ones with the really good arch support. Just you and Ralph's going, Betty Crocker, who the hell is Betty Crock?


Why is this so expensive? My god, Here she is. S s someone Carry me out of here. Nine people with me carry me away. Yeah. I think about you from time to time because you're obviously one of the funniest people certainly I've ever met. But you're also, you're a very sensitive person and you're a really sweet guy. And I like it when we get to hang out. Yeah. And I've gotta, I'd like to hang out more and Yeah. Maybe try and riff a little less and find out how you're, how you're doing.


Like how are You? No, no, man. That's, but that's good though. It's like, it always gets around to that. It gets around to that. It always gets around to that. And you always give me great advice. And the thing, I always feel like it's a whole cottage industry. Like, you, you, you mention in an interview, like, oh yeah, I suffer like really bad anxiety and depression and stuff. And then everybody is, it becomes like a whole thing where now it's like, I would do interviews and I'm like, Google my name and anxiety. You'll see everything I have to say about it. Yeah. You know what I mean? And like depression and all that. Yeah. But when I talk to people like, You know, you or, or, or Marty or, or these other, You know, people I, You know, admire so much for so long and Yeah. And you guys, we talk about it and stuff.


You guys have been so great at listening and giving me great advice and, You know, so I, I really appreciate that man. Yeah. It's good just to know that so many people out there who in all walks of life have this issue, but it's also particularly an occupational hazard. Oh yeah. In the comedy world. I don't know what it is. Yeah. It's something where you just, it's the Flip side of the coin. Yeah, Totally. And I think I've just gotten to this place though, where it's like, kind of for the first time in a healthier place. I mean, it's nice seeing Allie, my girlfriend, who's, You know, just stand up and is and but is like a very solid person. Like she makes breakfast for her kids every morning, makes dinner, she's home. It's like her priorities are so dead on.


Yeah. And I'm like, wow, you can be really funny, really smart, and do all the cool stuff and still have that, You know, be a, a, a person, You know, a human, You know? So, so that's been helpful. Oh, Con sad. This is, no, I'm just, oh, Jesus. Now I'm thinking I gotta start making food. Oh, You need to do a lot more Than that. I just, I know. What do you want? Alright. What does everyone want for breakfast? No, it's Benedict Post. Amazing. You'll Get Honey Nut cheer Dry honey nut cheer.


I love this version of me because it is me just with that different accent. God bless. Bless you. I'm the mayor of a mouthy. My house largely unscathed. Largely unscathed As usually Bill Hader. God bless you. Thank you. Thank you for being here. Cyber crime is a serious problem in the United States. Is this a PSA? The internet can be a very dark, dark place.


And Sona, I understand that you've been the victim of a intended scam That didn't work. That's right. I was at Target. You were at Target. And what do you wanna back this up and, and say what exactly happened? Yeah, I, there's an email that is no longer check. It's not, it's not a working email, but every once in a while someone will check it. Like once a month, once every two weeks, whatever it was forwarded to me. And it's an email from Conan O'Brien. Yeah. And it says Request for contact information. Yeah. Dear Sona, I hope you're doing well. This guy did not do his research.


When you have a moment, could you please share your personal mobile number with me? I have a task I'd like to as you to assist with best regards, Conan O'Brien. Wow. Yeah. Well, a couple of problems there. It doesn't quite have my tone. No. And I would know not to ask for your assistance in any matter. That was such a lazy try. Oh wait, what's The end game here? Because what they ultimately want is to get in touch with you. They want my cell. Yeah. And so, You know, I mean, it's just, but it's also best regards Conan O'Brien. Yeah. And then in what world do you not have my cell phone?


Also? There's no bid in there. Yeah. There's no shtick. I hope You're doing well. There's don't hope I'm doing well. Well, Not there's no insult. I know. Well, that's what I mean. Yeah. There's no shtick, there's no bit, there's no hook. Eh, this person has never listened to this podcast, has never watched any of my work. Has me confused with the ambassador, the American Ambassador to France. Dean Adle Stevenson. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's ridiculous. That's a letter. Yeah. Between two High functionaries in the late fifties. That's The thing. It's like if we were actual functioning adults Yes, that would make sense.


But that doesn't, you've never ended a an email with best regards Conan O'Brien. Right. And my email too would be like, Hey, Sona, why is Skrillex keep calling me? And another thing, trying to buy a coffin for a squirrel and getting nowhere. Maybe this was Sri Lexi. I know. I, I always throw, I love to throw out some celebrity that's a complete, has no connection to me in any way. Yeah. Yeah. That's one of my favorite things to do. And then to say to you or to David, like, why am I, why is Dua Lipa Yeah.


Texting me constantly. What's that all about? Yeah. Lately it's a lot of Benny Blanco. Yes. I'm obsessed with the name Benny Blanco. I'm like, can someone get Benny Blanco off my ass? And you'll be like, wait, what's going on? And I'll say, he's blowing up my dms. I don't wanna hang and I don't even go bowling. I don't even know where you would go bowling. And so who would lie about that? Who with real things to worry about would lie about Selena Gomez's boyfriend or fiance? I was wondering who it was wanting to, wanting to go. You know Who Benny Blanco is? Girl, you, Ben, man. Oh, come On Matt. Yeah. Get with it, bro. Yeah, I've been bowling with Skrillex.


Yeah. Skrillex Skrillex. Oh my God. Eduardo's laughing at you so hard. Skrillex Sri Sri. Oh God. Yeah. He no longer dates Skrill. He's skrill's ex. Okay. My point is, You know what My point is that I do want get it out there that I am sick and fucking tired of Benny Blanco s sliding into my dm. Okay. You Know what? He, you don't even eat. Can I just say, Does Benny Blanco even know who I am? Because I, I get the sense he's really cool. I don't think he does. I don he Does. He seems Like a cool guy. And I, Selena Gomez seems like a really cool person. They're a cur very cool couple. And now I'm obsessed with Benny Blanco reaching out to me, and, and I don't think it's gonna happen.


I don't even know much about Benny Blanco. If he does, would you try to like, say cool things to him? Yes, I would. Okay. I was just wondering if like, Okay, let's try it right now. You be Benny Blanco. Hey. Hey, Conan. Sup bro. Hey, Benny Blanco. What's the score? Wait, he did write that email. Hey, Benny Blanco. Hope you're doing well. Could I have your personal information? Best regards. Conan O'Brien. Why are you saying Benny Blanco? Why don't you just say, Hey, Benny, nice to hear from you. We haven't been properly introduced yet. You're still Benny Blanco to me. Benny. Okay. Then you Said, what's the score? Yeah, sorry. Okay. All right. Well, why are you talking so weird, Conan? I'm just seeing what's up man. My best regards to Selena, she has conquered vocally music and she has done quite well in light comedy with murders in the building.


Murders in the building. Hey, Conan, are, is this really Conan or is this a scam? Oh, you bet. Your booties Blanco. This is the real McCoy. Just wondering how you're doing. Maybe we could hang sometime. Get the old Brewsky Rooney. Oh, Brewsky Rooney. Huh? You know what? Actually I'm busy. I just wanted to check in and I heard you've been talking a lot about me, but I am not sliding into your dms. You're old. I'm not that old. Denny Blanco. Hey, and someday you'll be my age and your hips will hurt. Oh God. I hope not. I won't ever get as old as you. Well, few people have Benny Blanco. Few people have, I'm the rare human that's made it this far. Well, my best.


You Benny Blanco? Yes. Okay. It was really good talking to you. You'll never hear from me again. Conan, See you in the clubs. Oh God. Don't say clubs. You know, you won't see me in any of the clubs that you think that you, you'd go to. I don You See me? Hey, it's Meri X. Oh God. I'll hang out with you. Hey, look, it's Diplo. Oh My God. Diplo. Yeah. I saw his name on a, on a billboard once. And I got obsessed. Yeah. Diplo in Vegas. And I was like, I don't know what he does. There's just a picture of a guy staring at me. I want a piece of that. He's a dj. Okay. Whatever. I know they're DJs 'cause it producer, dj. Yeah. Oh Jesus. Eduardo. Fuck you, Eduardo. You've gone too far now Eduardo.


All I know too far, all I know is that when I see a billboard of a, of a man scowling at me and just wearing no particular outfit, just a t-shirt. And they're scowling at me. And it's a name and it says Vegas. I know they're a dj. Yeah. But there's no, it's what kind of show business is that If, if Diplo or Benny Blanco or any DJ ever invited you to Vegas Yeah. For one of their DJ sets. Yeah, I know it's not your scene. I'll go. But you, you have to go. Go. Hey. And you have To stand next to him in The booth. Message to Benny Blanco. Diplo. Skrillex Hana. Jab Jab. Who else? Tto. Tiesto. Oh my God.


Tiesto. Steve Aoki. Steve Aoki. Yeah. I mean you just Paul D What's that? Polly D Polly. D Polly. Oh, DJ Polly. DD Wait, Paul D from Jersey Shore. Yes. That's Adam's. They still don't know his last name. Pauly Fucking Jersey over here. That's why. Okay, so listen, let's, let's wrap it up and let's summarize. Pauly D Esco. Tto. What's that? Tto. Tto. Chain. Chain Smokers. Technically. Chain smokers. I mean, you name it, you got it. Porter Robinson. Of course. I mean, I had that one written down before you even said it. Wolfman Jack. Oh no, I wanna hang with any of what, don't Don No, don't wolf. I but you so you're not too far off.


Yeah, I know's what he meant. I know. Listen, I am ready to, to hang with any DJ in Vegas. If it gets me the street cred I need Yeah. 'cause no one's gonna see that coming. Me standing next to them while they're DJing. Yeah. Whatever that is. With a big hat. 'cause it's Vegas and you're probably outside and you're like fully covered. I'm holding one of those incredibly giant liquors. What is it? Oh, a yard of like a yard of beer. Yeah. I thought you were gonna say like a, like a Asian parasol or something like, yes. I'm holding, I'm holding a GA parasol in Vegas and holding a very moderately sized 0.0 Heineken Covered head to toe shine.


Ouch, ouch, ouch. Ouch, ouch, ouch. Hey Diplo. Best, Benny Blanco and Skrillex Boo. All right, I'm signing off. Oh, please end This. Enjoy this segment. Best regards. Best regards, Colin O'Brien. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive, produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino taken away. Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aren Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer.


Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick, talent Booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Khan. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan? Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan.


And If you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded.