
Hi, this is Steve Busi. You know the actor? Well, now I'm an actor and podcast host from piece of work entertainment and campsite Media in association with all of Productions comes big time an Apple Original podcast. Each episode follows the story of one misfit with big dreams. Who isn't afraid to bend a few rules or take a shortcut to get there? Well, Who steals bees? I was duped. I shoot you in the leg. This is big time. Follow and listen on Apple Podcasts.


Hey Mike. Glad you could join me for some great seafood. Me too. Wait, why are you dressed in fishing gear? You said we were going out to catch great seafood, right? Yes. To Popeye's. Do you even know how to fish? No. I thought you did. Oh yeah. I could catch pretty good seafood at Popeye's. Let's go. Let Popeye's do the fishing while you enjoy our delicious signature seafood. Get Popeye's flounder fish sandwich or shrimp tackle box before they're gone. Limited time at participating us restaurant.


Hello, my name's Bill Burr and I feel good about being Conan O'Brien's friend, but I feel this is a little red flag that might be a little narcissist that I, that I gotta fucking say. Why am his friend? Every time I feel like I've already answered this Question, I'm called a bottomless hole. There's no filling this every time. You're gonna have to repeat. Gee, what is that like? Back to school. Ring the bell friends.


Hey there. Welcome to Colonel O'Brien needs friend sitting here with son of Mosan and a giggling. I don't know why, Matt Girl. It's the way I introduced the show. So just get over it. You can't giggle every single time. I can't Get over it because every time it's hilarious. It's like a nosebleed of change of environment. You go from To welcome to the show. I'm a professional broadcaster. Yeah. Okay. And I have a question, and this is a serious question, which is, can I become flexible at my age? I mean, physically flexible. Oh, and this is something I've been thinking about a lot lately. 'cause I know people do yoga and stuff. I am a particularly tight, tight ased gentleman of a later vintage.


You see me all the time trying to stretch it out, don't you, Sona? I think Your body is capable of it. Yeah. I don't think your mind is capable Of it, it be Honest. I'm being very honest. Sounds honest to me. I'm so, I think your bo your body can become flexible If you work at it, but you're also so like tightly wound. You're just like, No, but you, but, but you see me trying. Right? I do see you trying. I do a lot of like squats and bends and I'm trying, and I was doing a, a live show with TER once and she, I was backstage just trying to stretch before I go out. And she was, had the microphone and could see me and was just calling me out in front of the whole audience. Like, Conan's doing these stupid stretches that will, in no way. It was hilarious. Of course. She's hilarious. I'm kind of fascinated with this idea that I think there's part of me that thinks because of what I come from, this very tightly wound, I don't know, Boston, Catholic, whatever you wanna do.


Sure. And then my own propensities that it's never gonna happen. And then there are days where I think, no, I could do this. I could do this. I'd be, I could become a flexible person. But then I think there's another school of thought. No, if you're not flexible at the age I'm at now, and you can look it up like Google away. I don't think that's true. And I'm sorry, do you wanna be flexible just to be flexible or to what end do you, is there a sport you wanna play or Something? I'd like to become a sexual athlete. Oh Dear. A sexual athlete. No, no. I I I, what I would like to do is, yeah, I, I just, I don't wanna stiffen up as I get older. I noticed you're wearing some like A shirt too. Yeah. And I'm bringing it up today because as You know, I'm still displaced, whatever, very fortunate to still have my place.


But I, I do sometimes just pick clothes outta the back of my car. And today I picked this stuff out and I realized I basically wore what you would wear to like a, a gym today, which I rarely do. I usually like to dress. Can you stand up? Yeah, sure. I think it looks like you're in the Hunger Games. Yeah. Yeah. This was, yeah, this, my wife got these from my son. He didn't want them. And I put them on and then I realized I'm very uncomfortable. I know we should be. There's this weird crosshatching, it looks to me like I'm on the set of Logan's run. Yes. The TV show from or Tron. Right, right. And this is not me. I never do this. I think you're just missing a headband. Yeah.


But because I'm wearing this, I do feel there's a little bit of an eighties vibe, but also because I'm wearing this, when you wear clothes like this, you start doing stretches. And it was on my mind. 'cause I started doing stretches today out in the main room where everybody is. And I got on the floor and other people, rj, rj, rj who works here at the, at, at the, at the podcast, he told me he's been stretching like on a professional level since he was five. Yeah. He stretches an hour A day. He stretches an hour a day. And, and, and here's the thing, he can't stand. He's so relaxed and loose. I admire that. No, no. He's brought into work in a bowl like, like, like gpac and they pour him into his seat and he does his work.


But no, he's, he's very impressive. He's super physically fit. And I think he's a black belt. Oh yeah. He's a black, he's, he's a like a multi degree black belt in TaeKwonDo. I take back my reaction. Should You, should he, maybe we should get him in here. He's probably out there. Is RJ out there? Can RJ come in? 'cause I'm very impressed with rj. Yeah. And, and You know what, a lot of people work here. Not impressed with a lot of them. I I, I literally go around looking. Is there someone here who I'm impressed with? Please have a Seat. Rrg. Hi rj. Hey guys. So RJ, I should be asking you this question. First of all, what is your actual position here at the show? So I am Adam's executive assistant. Right. And I do a lot of stuff for basically whatever Adam asks for.


I just kind of do it like that's Jesus the easiest way of saying it. Christ, that's Kind of sinister. Yeah. That sounds so dead bodies. I saw you the other day breaking into an ATM with a crowbar. He asked for money. I know. I know. And he said, I don't wanna use a card. Anyone can use a card. Yeah. Use this crowbar. We were talking the other day, you mentioned stretching. It's been in the back of my head. And then today, before I know it, I'm on the ground. You're on the ground and you're showing me these different stretches. And you did one where your hips basically just flattened out like a spatch cocked chicken that had just been, and and I was like, my hips will never do that. But they will. I would need an operation.


No, no, no, no, no. So we were doing frog posts and it just, it takes time. The thing with flexibility is you can't force it at first. You kinda have to let your body ease into it. Oh, that's a, that's a problem. And then once your body can ease into it, that's when we figure out how to contract muscles in a certain way. Yeah. And then when it Lets go, when you let it go. Yeah. Then you fall forward. Sona will tell you. 'cause Sona has spent many years observing me. She watches how I wash makeup off. Oh my God. She watches how I brush my teeth. Jesus. And I could start a fire on my face. Everything I do is, is to get it done. I don't say everything, but like quick and hard, like let's get this done. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And there's a self-loathing involved in it.


So stretching is the antithesis to all of that. Yeah. Yeah. And it's breathing. It's a Lot. And, and yeah. And just being and patience. Calm and patience. And they just kind of, your toes without bending your legs. If my, I'm gonna say if I had an, it's a simple question. If I had an operation where my knees were removed and the, and, and, and my feet were presented to me. Yeah. That's how I am. I, no, I am, my problem is, of course, I have a, I have a little bit of an unusual build. Very long legs, shorter torso, proportionally. So yeah. If I really lean for a while, yes. I can get down there. I Can't even do that. Well, you're a mess. I mean, I don't wanna Yeah, that's true. You're Not. So I do think it takes time.


I think you get sometimes impatient. You're like, I wanna be flexible now. But you have to just like, take your time with it. Maybe. Can you be patient, Chris? My question is, rj, would you be willing I shift you away from your responsibilities with Adam? Because whatever shit you're doing for him, he can do for himself and you just become my full-time stretch guru. Yo, that'd be great. Let's do it. We'll both dress how you're dressing today. Oh yeah. We'll do it. Oh really? You'll we'll both dress Like that. Yeah. Like a guy from an early eighties space television sci-fi show. Okay. For sure. Yeah. I do. I I'm, I'm into this. I wanna try it. I wanna try and become more flexible.


Yeah. I wanna evolve. This is something I'm saying as a serious thing. I, I am interested in this concept that I can keep evolving. That I can keep changing in certain ways. A lot of cool things have happened in the last 10 years that I didn't see coming. So why couldn't I become flexible? I agree. Yeah. And I think you should definitely put the work into it. Like, and then be patient. No, some And breathe and Chill. No, I, I want RJ to do it. I want him to do, is there any way that you can do all the stretching? I'm not involved, but then somehow, You know, I inherit all the benefits. The inheriting part. Probably not, but I need somebody to be like my camera guy when I'm stretching.


Oh. Like, don't see my photos. I have, he is like full, like, past splits. It's amazing. Wow. Crazy. I know. It's pretty incredible. That's crazy. And, and, but also you started when you were five. Yeah. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was really into martial arts. The first thing I told my mom what I wanted to be when I grew up was a power ranger. So then she got me into martial arts and I just stayed. I ended up doing that for a little over 20 years. To the point where you could take A power ranger now you could Beat one. Let's do it. Let's do it. Let's find a power ranger. I think I Joined like evil Side button. You know, there's probably one walking around Hollywood Boulevard.


Yeah. And you're just gonna, you're just gonna start kicking his ass. Poor guy's gonna have like a fanny pack. He's just trying to get, he Just wants a Tip. He just wants a tip so he can take a selfie with you. Suddenly he's getting wailed on by this red bearded martial artist. Well, rj, I'm very impressed by what you can do. And I will, I will try to learn from you. I will try to absorb. You are now my, you are Yoda to my Mark Hamill in the second one of those things that later became Luke Skywalk. Our empire strikes back. Let's just skip It was the second Honor The text piece. It was the second one. And then, but I guess now it's actually the 15th. Well, I'm with you on that.


How's Flexibility of personality going? Yeah. Nope. Is that in play at All? Iron rod? No. Maybe we evolve into a nicer person. Yeah. Maybe that's what we're, Who's gonna listen to that podcast? No, It's gonna suck. It'll suck. Hey, let's go see the new Don Rickles. He's really nice to the audience and he gives everybody some fruit salad later. Don Rickles is broke. Thank you rj. Alright guys, let's get into it. My guest today. That's right, RJ Iss a redhead. I'm a redhead. My next guest today, also a redhead hilarious comedian who's latest special bill Burr drop dead years premier's March 14th on Hulu. He's also making his Broadway debut in Glengarry Glen Ross later this month.


I love this guy. I'm thrilled. He's with us today. Bill Burr, welcome. You and I have, we have a special connection. I really believe that we're both gingers. Yes. We Both grew up unsightly from the Massachusetts area. We're sort of the with a, with a spice in the stew. That's what the gingers are. Yes. We can't, we can't be next to each other. Like, we're only allowed, LA la County only allows us to hang out once a year and have a dinner. It's like there's only two of us that are allowed to be together. Two gingers from the Boston area that are incredibly a weird mixture of bitterness.


Right. That has, I mean, I Would've gone with anger first, but, okay, we'll go bitterness, angrier, confused. I hang, I hide my anger, I think, or have in the past. Don't I hide it better than Bill? Oh God. But it's there. I got children. Don't I hide it when I'm smacking, smacking you in the station wagon. Agree with all my points. Or there will be a discussion afterwards. But Sona, You've seen, and, and Matt, you guys have seen up close the beast, right? You've seen the beast. We have. But for many years on television, I was a quote Good guy, but there was a bill Burr inside me. Always. Always.


Yeah. I think There is. Why you gotta, why do you gotta put your anger on me? I had nothing to do with you. And whatever happened to you. How Do we know? How do we know? Huh? How do we know we were in the same area? I know you're younger than me, but I Well, you were older than me and you were always taller. So I mean, if anything happened, it was you, you threw the ice ball at me or sock at me down at Fitz. Something happened. Stole the stereo outta my fucking shitbox car. What a car. What do radio thiefs do now? I don't Know. I Don't know what they do. You're gonna like take the whole dashboard out. Just walking around with this odd shaped iPad is anybody got a 2023 Mercedes? Dude back in the day, you could steal a stereo. It fit in everybody's fucking car.


Do you go another job lost to ai? Do you go to back to reunions and things like that? A high school reunion? I don Dunno if I told you this, but I went back to one of mine years ago, high school reunion. And I was doing the late night show, well-known person. I go back and this guy comes up to me and he goes, Hey, go and remember the time that you and me busted into that liquor store down by the point, and we stole all that booze, but the cops came and we both took off and you went left. And I went right, and you got all the booze and then you drank it yourself. And I'm listening. I'm like, you have the wrong guy. Right. I have never, I have never had a parking violation in my life. I didn't drink when I, until I was like 26.


He's got the wrong guy. Why people? But he inserted me into his story and I thought, I bet that happens to you. Unless, no, you were probably the guy that was stealing. I Don't understand how someone doesn't, was it that six foot four ginger, or was, I mean, how many of you, right? How many of you were out there? Right? Yeah. There was that guy I went to high school with who looked like Jane Lynch. I couldn't Remember. I, he, I think I committed a crime with him. No, No. I, I went to high school with the, I had a really cool grade. Like everybody, like, it was funny. It was sort of like everybody by the, by my senior year, everybody was sort of collectively partying with each other. So there wasn't like, You know, you had the cliques, the jocks, you had the, the, the people that took wood shop, the, You know, the burnouts or whatever.


And then just the background, people like me. And then by the end of it, we all used to go down this place, Dan Road, which was this industrial park that was slowly being built, taking over the woods or anything. But they had like all of these dirt roads back there and these burnt up cars for insurance and shit. We used to drive down there and drink and ev every weekend. The party just kept getting bigger and bigger and everybody was sort of high and drunk and just kind of got along with each other. So I've only been to one high school reunion. I went to my 25th and I had a great time. Oh, good. But, but because I do standup, like, I go around and I, I run in a lot of people come out to my shows. So I, I kind of have like this never ending sort of high school reunion, which is cool. When they hit me up or whatever, I always, I always, You know, end up talking to 'em backstage and shit.


And I get freaked out about how old their kids are versus mine. But I shows You got young kids? Yep. Eight and four and a half. Wow. Okay. My kids are in their late fifties children. I have sciatica. No, you Don't. You, you started a little bit late too. And I'm still way behind you. Yeah, Yeah. You're way behind me. You know, I, I watched your Special in many areas. Yes. I I Exactly. Don't rub it in. I watched your special drop dead years. Yeah. Loved it. And I know it's coming out. When's it coming out? I wanna make sure I get out now. It's out right now. Yeah. Okay. We're taping this a little beforehand. We're taping this in 1974. 1974. We're very excited about the Red Sox next year, the 75 Red Sox.


It's amazing. And I'm glad that busing crisis is finally over. Oh, Finally. Yeah. No more racism. I don I don No more racism in Boston. And I, I'm, I'm looking forward to that story just sort of disappearing. Yeah. So Boston can move forward. Boston will be fine. Yeah. No, but I watched a special and you talk about going to the funeral of a friend. It, first of all, it's a very, very funny, I feel it's a redundant saying, bill Burr had a really funny standup special, why Is it so hard for you to say that about me? I said it twice, I just root against you. I root, You know, I root against you. You couldn't even open your eyes. All right. On bidding. He said something that was mildly amusing.


Fucking bastar Achieved some success. Another ginger from Boston. There's only room for one. Guess what I needed? But I watched your special and it was, it's fantastic. You talk about a losing a friend and going to the funeral, and of course you have some very funny observations about that. But it, it opens up, you're, it feels like you're, you're opening up a little more on this special about Oh yeah. Your personal life and some of your struggles. And it's, it's, it's fantastic. Oh, thank You know, I, I kind of, You know, I was of that belief as most people that come from the East coast that, You know, your, your anger and shit is like your security blanket. And then, and it's, it's made you who you are.


It's why you're funny. It's why you have character. It's all of this stuff. And If you, for some reason let go of this and actually enjoy life or maybe take responsibility for your actions and see your, how your behavior affects other people, for some reason, that's gonna be like the undoing of you. Like, You know, there's a lot, I don't know about your, how you came up, but like in standup, there was a lot of stuff out there. Don't get married, don't have kids, basically don't find happiness. That is the kryptonite to comedy. And I've, I've found that it's, it's, that's not true. And it's really the opposite is, is once you kind of, You know, get yourself to a new place, you can kind of revisit a lot of shit that you talked about with like a new like, sort of point of view of it. Yeah.


So, yeah, no, I'm, I'm listen, but believe me, dude, this is, I, I've, I've only gone up like one flight of the Empire State Building. That is my messed up personality. So, You know, this is the, the Eternal question. And it's one I've thought about in comedy, which is you can be funny or you can be happy. And I really believed in that dichotomy. And I remembered years ago living in LA and stating that to Getting molested, doing the things you had to do to get a late night Talk show. Come on. It's out there now. Alright. It's, it's better when you say, Say the name, We all did what we had to do.


You know, I'm here now. It was a different time. Different time. A lot of couches. You know what, no one wanted me on a couch. Right. I mean, let's just be honest. Not even your therapist. No one, yeah. No one was like, I gotta get me a piece of that. Conan. Yeah. But, But featherless ostrich. Why, why do I invite you back? I don't know. It's not right. Oh. Oh my God. But to your point, I really did believe that that was a choice you had to make. And I was okay with Of being miserable. Yeah. Being Miserable.


And I thought it made me tough. Yeah. I thought all of that stuff, like, You know, You know, and all the movies that you watched, they just, they, they, they made you believe in, I remember I watched the Dirty Dozen. I watched the Dirty Dozen and there's that scene where they have to shave in cold water and we ain't shaving and blah, blah, blah. So I was sitting there thinking like, oh, tough guy's shaving cold water. And I shaved in cold water for like seven years as a, like a fucking dental assistant and stand up comedian. And like, it was like, just something that I, I, it was a subconscious thing that, that it was, all of this stuff had happened to me. So you just always thought, I this. Yeah. I can't. You gotta get tougher. You gotta get tougher. You gotta get tougher. So all of this stuff that's happening to me, I won't feel it.


And what I was really doing was I was, I was walling myself off. And it was so funny. There was, and there was a lot of information out there about people like being walled off and all of that. And I would just watch them fascinated, like, how the fuck do you not know what you feel? Not even realizing that I was the exact same way. And Yeah, no, it was mushrooms. Mushrooms turned me around. I had, I had one mushroom trip and it sort of woke me up to this. See, I've Had people tell me I should do that. I've never done that. And I also have a long way to go. I'll admit that. I think I've made progress to, I I you be, you can be honest. I really do Think you have. And I think mushrooms might be good For you. You've always thought pot would be good for me.


I did. Yes, I do. Pot's a depress. The pot is like the, I, I don't know. And we, weed isn't weed anymore. Oh, it isn't? I mean, that, that shit would like Yeah. I had these people came over for fucking Thanksgiving. Right. Why Isn't it, why can't it just be Thanksgiving? Because, You know something. It's how I, it's how I grew up talking. Okay. Okay. I'm just saying. I I don't mean it in a bad way. I went to my fucking kids' christening. Yeah, I know, I know. Sorry. So I had some friends over for what is arguably I feel the best holiday. You see, this is what I really feel. But I said fucking Thanksgiving. But I really love Thanksgiving because Yeah, it's a nice hang and you don't have to buy anything of these Christmas. Who Doesn. I can't stop looking at that camera like a fucking Turkey. I don dunno why, who make Some fucking giblets and gravy As he sifts his dainty little coffee.


Nice coffee. I had to get rid of the straw. I'm not that, I'm not evolved enough as a man that I can drink out of a straw. You still feel all right about myself. I just think of it as an aluminum dick. Oh. Just doing my part to, to show that I'm an ally. Aluminum Dick. Can't wait to take another sip. Oh my God. Oh, come on. This episode is called Conan Swallows. Anyway, What Was I talking about? So I had some people over for Thanksgiving. This guy go, I, he has a joint, right? So, ah, You know, I'll take a couple of hits, whatever. I go, what is this?


And he told me, he goes, it's a nice afternoon sativa. Right? So didn't that sound like the wind was just blowing Yeah. Through my non-existent hair. So I go, all right. So I, dude, I took three of the hits off of that thing and I just wasn't at Thanksgiving anymore. Right. I mean, I was like, there, I was like, my wife just, people kept talking to me. My wife just kept going. He's useless. He's useless. He's just, you gotta wait a couple hours. It's so powerful. Yeah. I, no, I'm not, I it is Too late for me. No, that's why I I I ended up texting you some of the jokes a few days later. Yep. Yep. We, we, that thing where we were doing the thing, me and this other guy were high out of our minds. And like nobody in this industry was, is has been buying anything since the strike. Yeah. But they're taking meetings, wasting your time. So we were like, we should waste their time back. We were just pitching sequels to perfect movies that didn't need a sequel.


And my favorite one was two flew over the Cuckoo's Nest. This time he's keeping the sink and, and, and it's, it's all about, it's all about the Indian guy. After he throws it, he picks the sink up and he is running with it. And Tommy Lee Jones is chasing him. It's just basically comes the fugitive. Fugitive. You merge fugitive. Yeah. And my favorite part was he's standing near the waterfall and he is like, this one sink means a lot to me. And Tommy Lee Jones. Like, I don, I don't care. He Jumps. So I, I opened that up to my podcast listeners. Dude, regular people are so fucking funny now because they're Yeah. Yeah. They're pitching jokes. And so now they're funny.


Somebody had the best one wrote a, a sequel to Schindler's List. It was called Schindler's Wrist. It's the, it's about the carpal tunnel. Schindler got writing God the list and, and the therapy. It's just this and the therapy and the therapy that happened. And the movie just ends with him being like, yeah. You know, it feels pretty good. You know, just, just totally anticlimactic. How you feeling Schindler? Ah, I gotta say pretty good. Hey. Pretty Good. Hey, you're, you're a wizard.


This bracket season FanDuel is letting you make the call. 'cause right now, new customers can get $200 in bonus bets when your first $5 bet wins. You hear me? That's 200 extra binos to bet on. Everything from clutch shots to last second heartbreaks and even who's cutting down the nets, if you've been waiting to join, there's no better time. There's turn action. That slang for tournament almost every day. And fan rule has amazing bet types like spreads totals, game props, and so much more. I know all about this. You do? Oh, I'm a real, it sounds like it. I'm a real Beto. I, I'm, I'm excited because Michigan State, which is my team, I I think they're gonna go all the way. They're number one in the big 10. Yes. Yes. Let's go all the way. You know, don't shake your head, Eduardo. Listen, you are all a Michigan all the way. You're always That's right. Ever since I've known you, which is like 20 some odd years. That's right. You've been babbling about Michigan. This Michigan that You gotta try a Michigan soup. You gotta have Michigan pizza pie. I love it all. And, and, and so yeah. I say with FanDuel, Michigan State all the way. Let's go baby. Go Drink. Go on. Yeah. Your favorite murderers are from Michigan. Anyway. That's true also. So visit FanDuel dot com slash conan. Get in on the College hoops action Attorney long turn is short for tournament. Must be 21 plus in present in select states for Kansas in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in present in DC. First online Real money wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued as non withdrawal bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Visit md gambling help.org in Maryland.


Hi, this is Steve Emi. You know the actor. Well now I'm an actor and podcast host from piece of work Entertainment and Campsite Media in association with all of Productions comes big time an Apple Original podcast. Each episode follows the story of one misfit with big dreams. Who wasn't afraid to bend a few rules or take a shortcut to get there? Well, who Steals bees? I was duped. I shoot you in the leg. This is big time. Follow and listen On Apple Podcasts,


Every sandwich has bread. Every burger has a bun. But these warm golden smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best. The phileo fish. And you, you can have them too. And you can have it all at two for $6. Like a phileo fish, big Mac, 10 piece McNuggets or large fries, limited time only price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.


Well, you've changed your life a lot, right? You've, you've cleaned up your act a little Bit. I mean, I feel I have. Yeah. My wife, I don't know. I just don't know if I'm ever gonna get over that hump. She's, first of all, I love your wife. Listen enough about you and your, your your private desires. I'm just saying, we live in an experimental age. We live at a time. Hey man, You're sucking at aluminum dick. Yeah. I mean, hey. And I have no shame about it. I gotta tell you the second, hold On a second. The second, the second the tie comes off. I'm telling you, man, this guy, he becomes a different guy. Yeah. There's always a clip on Me now. My wife, my wife is, is the, is Yeah. She's the best. She's the best. But she, You got, you guys came over for dinner and she's fantastic.


And I, and, and I feel I accomplished the same thing. I found the right person. I found someone who is on me, understands me, does not let me get away with shit. Sometimes she lets me get away with a little just because she's like, let him go. Yeah. Just let Him blow Out the lines a little bit. Yeah, yeah, Exactly. Let him go. But yeah. But yeah, NIAS amazing. Yeah, she is. You know, I just, when you're fucked up like me, I I, I do need, I, the one big thing in our thing is I, I had to let her know, I go, I need an Atta boy every once in a while. Okay. You, you can't just every fucking day be read me the riot act. I mean, I know I'm a fucked up guy and I know that I'm difficult to live with, but every once in a while, You know, I did make waffles this morning. You know, I don't remember that being brought up.


Is that just No one says attaboy anymore, by the way. Is that just expected? Yeah. Attaboy. No one says attaboy. No, no one says Atta boy. How about, there you go. There you go, Cody. There you go. You did it. Look at you. Look At It becomes real passive. Look at, look at Big boy over here. Yeah. It becomes real passive aggressive. There you go. There you go. Look at you Must be nice. Must be nice. I got that one. I got that one from somebody who's completely fucked up their life. He goes, oh yeah. You know, you're out there in la they want things. You, Christmas is coming up. You got money for gifts. Must be nice. Must be nice. I just like, oh yeah. It's, life is pretty good when you're not doing drugs, getting, Getting Fired every two weeks.


Also, I'm sorry, this guy is coming to you with a real low bar. Oh, you, You know, it must be, Oh, no, that was it. That was it. It must be nice. That was it Must be Nice. You got some sneakers you can put on your feet. Oh, that, that was, that was it. That was, it was building towards that. You know, I mean this, You know. Yeah. It's just, it just was one of those things. And I always told him, I said, listen dude, if you're in a hole, if you're reaching up, I'll try to pull you out. But if you're face down in it, digging it deeper every day, I'm not fucking, I'm not getting involved in that. And he just couldn't get his head around that. And then he'd go, I don't know. The last time I talked to him, he goes, I've been working out. I've been working out.


I go, oh, that's great. I thought he was, turned his life around. He lost a fight to his son. Wait, wait. That was his workout. He came at his son and lost. No, he Was working out because he lost a fight to son. So he's like, oh man, I gotta, I gotta, I gotta lay off. Gonna lay off this shit. It's just fucking, no, but that's one of the things too, That's the craziest motivation for I I gotta hit the gym. I know, I know. Yeah. I'm signing up. Hey, well, what made you come in? Well, I'm fighting my, my, my 17-year-old son and he got the better of me. Yeah. So this, that was my wake up call that I need to work out so I can beat the shit out of him. Right. And people always say like, why, why is, why are so many people from Massachusetts?


Funny? And I always go like, 'cause that is the kind of person you run into all the time. And he said that without a bit of funny, wasn't supposed to be weird Yep. Or anything. He was just straight up talking to me, going like, yeah man, he's, he's strong now. I mean, he actually like knocked me down and stuff. So, You know, I've been doing the curls and it's just like, do you ever think of just like maybe going out to like, have a cup of coffee and figure out what's going on with you guys? Like, I don't think you want, you really want to, you don't wanna fight your son. I don't think he wants to fight you. No, dude. No, I know. I know. But still, You know, just like, You know, it's, it's one of those, I don't know, I I, I go back to, and another thing too, I always remember when you were in Massachusetts is people would always, oh, You know that guy? Oh dude, that guy's a character. Yeah. He's a character and, and everybody is like this.


Like it's, it's like, they're very like uninhibited and, and they get into like their, these, these habits and these things that they do and, and they don't realize like how colorful they are. And it's not until you travel and you go back and you just, you come back to Massachusetts, you're like, these, you go to like, I don't know what it's like now because like sports is like, so I don know. I, I can't stand the direction that it went into. But when I used to go to like, tailgates at the fucking Pats game, You know, when you were like drinking on route one, we used to park in this guy's backyard, and then you walk down train tracks, active fucking train tracks, people walking, holding hands with kids. And then you would go up the under route one up the thing and then walk in and just the shit that you saw, the stuff that people said, it was a comedy show from all the way, like, people trying to be funny, people not being, just being who they were.


You get to your section before the giant, You know, fucking screens took over. Yeah. There was a class clown in every fucking section. Yeah. And I used to try to be that guy. And sometimes I was, and then there was sometimes there'd be a guy funny than me and I then I would just be entertained by him. And that happened at Red Sox games, Bruins games, big time Celtics, all of those things. And I think like these TV screens and all of this shit that they have now, it's, it's just like crowd control. Like the second, there's a stop at your play that's like, You know, they got these dumb races and your section has to root for it to like win a t-shirt and shit. It's dumb. Were you, I was of the era where my brother and I would go down to Fenway Park without it just would think, Hey, let's go watch a Red Sox game.


And we'd walk down and you could get bleacher seats. Oh yeah. For like eight bucks. Yeah. And we would get bleacher seats and we would sit in the bleachers. No planning, no. Like we got tickets. And we would go and we'd sit up there and what they did was they hired just back when the red, so They'd stand on Conan's shoulders and then pull themselves up over the Green monster. What's happening up there? Luke slide down. Hey Luke, who's ahead? Reds are giving us a shellacking. And then, then the beginning of his comedy career, Hey, you guys Were supposed to pull me up. Fuck you, you Fucking redheaded cunt. And then they just, Hey, that's the title of my autobiography. That was supposed to be a surprise random house next year. Fuck you.


You fucking redheaded cunt. I was doing A Pre-promotion for you. Thank you. No, but we would sit in the bleachers and what was hilarious was they used to hire like football players, these massive linebackers. Yeah. From I think bu and they would, You know, at guys with massive necks. And they were the crowd control, but not professional crowd control. Their job was just, if anything got outta line, if they saw some people like get, having a little too much to drink and maybe getting into it, starting to fight a little bit. These guys with massive necks from BU would go running up and they would wa off. Yeah. People. And that was more, we went to watch that more than we could watch the Game. Well the art of bouncing back then, it was, nobody knew how to deescalate a situation.


It was all just ramping it up. Yes. I, I still remember I was doing this gig at Nick's comedy stop and downstairs was a nightclub. And I still remember the night, these guys, they kicked this dude out and I don't know if this guy ever walked again. They basically, it was a dance floor and You know, you're in there super fucking loud, You know, Bel biv, Devoux era. Like that shit was playing, You know, poison or something. And then you just heard this commotion. And I looked over and I think it was two bouncers. And they had just grabbed this guy, picked him up and started running full speed with them. And there's like innocent people there. And the crowd just parted like that. And they, they had him like nine feet in the air and the door jamb is like eight. And they were both running like a four 40 with this guy.


And like from the middle of his, back to the back of his head, just slammed into this middle thing. Jesus. And he folded an like a chair, Just Threw 'em out onto Warrenton Street. I remember everyone like, I Like that you can't, I like that. You can't get through this without laughing because dude, it was, that's, that's the most Boston part of this. So anyway, his spine is seven. No, but now like, there was like no cameras. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's just like, like If you ever did that today, forget about there'd be cameras. The owner of the club would be like, dude, I'm gonna have a lawsuit every fucking weekend. You guys are fired. So they just threw that. Everybody was like, oh, maybe we just went, oh, and then the music still playing.


And like, it was the funniest thing ever as far as like, it took a good minute for relaxed dancing to happen again. It was kind of like, It's bell devo. No, it was definitely like the tone and set. I'll never be like, they, they must, and then they must have done that more than once because they were working together. They just grabbed the guy I knew a guy that was at Bouncer, he said sometimes we would just walk up to somebody just to start a fight. And we just walk up to him and be like, Hey man, you gotta get outta here. And they would, they didn't do anything and they would just do it hoping that they would, they, You know, a lot of guys wearing juice back then. And it was, You know, it wasn't the, the cream that they have now that also has like a suntan lotion or whatever, a sunscreen in it.


Whatever these guys have now. That's what I used. Yeah. It was the, it was the horse tranquilizer shit. So they like wanted to get into fights. And I somehow, I avoided all of that. I avoided all of that shit, like past a certain age. I just stopped. I was like, these guys have like, people getting their fucking ears bit off and stuff. You know, I knew this guy, like, You know, used like his party trick. He would eat a light bulb from these. Oh my God. Oh yeah. And gums bleeding, smiling at you. Which should just like, yeah, these guys, these guys are, this is A better time. These guys are on another, these guys are on another level. I'm just gonna stick to the comedy. And yeah, there was, there was some really interesting, there was a lot of characters back then. A lot of Characters. It was funny you did this special in Seattle. I almost sensed you love to go to a place where you feel like you're not just gonna, you, you could you go to certain places where you're just gonna get where You know what their attitude is and You know, you're gonna get unconditional love.


Obviously you have a lot of fans in Seattle, but you, you go there I think because you want to challenge some of what Seattle may stand for right now in some ways. Is that possible? Well, I I, I, I did what I did in Seattle 'cause of collectively the way they think. But like if I did it in Utah, I would've did it a different way. Yes, exactly. Yeah. But it would've been the same thing to kind of like, You know, like mess with them a little bit. But you Like the pushback. You Enjoy it. Well, yeah, because the thing I can't, I don't want, it's, It's your, I mean it's, I'm it's the Cold Shave for you. There's part of you that wants to go someplace. And you did this for years on my show, which was, which was, You know, why I always loved you.


But you would, you would have the take that wasn't the comfortable take that everyone would applaud at you would always want to put yourself in a situation where you weren't push people away. Yeah. That's what I'm Doing. But, but no, but no, but it was hilarious and I think something that's Quite unusual about you. Well, the reason why I, I love the city and then that theater for me is a funny place because everyone talks about like nirvana that they were the ones that knocked off the metal bands off the, the top 10 on MTV. And it was, it was really, I felt when Pearl Jam put out that video and Eddie Vetter climbed up at the Moore Theater and dropped down in the crowd and it was like, okay. So that Nirvana thing wasn't a fluke.


There's more of these bands. And it was like the first time that I felt like old, You know, I was about 23. Yeah. There was no more exciting birthdays. You know, I I You know, 16, you get your license. 18, you're an adult. 21, you can drink 22, you graduate college. This is the first kind of like, oh, now I just go, all right, bye. Good luck your life. We're watching these people. And it was just funny to me to go back to that place where that happened. 'cause it took me forever to like that band. And now I like 'em. But it took me forever. 'cause I was just, 'cause of where I was just like, fuck those guys. You know? Wait, Pearl Jam. Yeah. What was your beef with Pearl Jam? They Knocked warrant off. It was so stupid. Because you liked Warrant?


It wasn't that. It was, it wasn't. What they represented was, I wasn't young anymore. Oh, I see. It was the end. See, I see. It was the end. Listen, I even, I knew when all of those w bands were coming in that like, this is like the NW Bands, But there was also still some like, I'll tell you this. What, what's, what's their face? Oh my god, I'm flaking on the name here. When they did Monkey Business, Sebastian Buck. Oh, skid Row Ski Skid Row. Skid Row. Yeah. Dude, them live on SNL doing Monkey Business or whatever. Dude, I'll put that up against anybody. Sebastian Bach. And the whole band sounded fucking unreal. But but the, the, the whole industry at that point was already moving on.


Sure. To grunge. And it's a killer album. So there was, there was still, You know, any genre, there's gonna be like awful versions of that. But like, that was just my first experience of like, oh wow, this is like over, You know? So that's kind of why I picked that theater to do it. 'cause it was funny to me, like to come back to this place that Remind and then, You know, drop Dead use this whole mortality thing that I was thinking. Yeah. You're talking about, you say there's these ages when men, not women, men just drop dead and you say it's 49 to 61. Yeah. And anything after that, you're just looking at a prolonged illness. Oh my, No, you, you gotta, But you say that's the age, that's this window. And he said it doesn't happen.


It's really funny. I don't wanna blow your special. I want people To watch it. These are the years I'm in. So I, I've gotta make sure I go to the hot doctor and I gotta make sure I watch what I eat, dude. And then, You know, then you can make it to that, to that next level where, You know, you're that old guy at the golf club talking about how they just took your gallbladder out and, You know, just, just talking about what ails you. I can never be that guy. I've tried so many times to get into golf. I just cannot fucking do it. I don't Do it. I tried it once and I thought it's gonna take so much work for me to be very bad that I'm, I wa I, I wanna put that time into maybe getting a little better at guitar. Like That was my in, You know, and, and nobody seems to be enjoying it.


Like, are you talking about any, anybody goes, You know, how's it going? You know, first four holes were good and then I, I couldn't have my fucking driver. And then it's like, why would you keep doing this? And it takes forever. And it's mind numbingly like boring. It's just, I like watching Pros do it. I like that. My friends enjoy doing it. But I would rather go do shit. Yeah. I'd rather go play drums, ride a motorcycle, fly a helicopter. Like why wouldn't you do that? As opposed to fucking say what? 112 yards? What do you think? Whatcha going? Whatcha going? Are you seven, eight iron? And they, and they, they got their, their their fucking sniper scope. It's so fucking, it's so dumb. It's so dumb. It's like all you guys need to go home and either get divorced or work on your marriage because there is nothing, nothing is happening here.


This is, it's like a library. Like you got, it's like the whole, it's so quiet. All of this shit. It, it's just bad. It's just bad. And everybody with the wacky cl, If you either wear really wacky clothes, like you're in a Three Stooges sketch or, or, or you dress hey lady. Or you dress like you're, you're, You know, tiger Woods adjacent or whatever. Yeah. So, oh, he's a scratch golfer. Okay. Your guys are scratch golfer. Oh is he? That's amazing. Like, he's dunking It's just like, well this makes me happy. 'cause I've sometimes I'm adjacent to a lot of people that are golfers.


Jeff Ross golfs a lot and likes to talk about golfing. Eduardo just said golf all the time. Yeah, no, no, I know. Listen, if if listen, if that's what gets you going, that, that's cool. I just, I tried. No offense. No, I don No. 'cause it, I'm, I'm joking right? It does look like a great hang. It does look like a great hang. We, we should talk all the time. It's, it's just, we, it's just not, it should be nine holes and I would argue maybe seven, seven holes. Like if, is there a golf slider thing that I could do? Like three holes? There are courses that offer nine holes. Yeah. You, no, there there's one off the five. That's a par three. Yeah, there's one down in Torrance that's a an eight, an 18 hole par three. It's like that's that's what I, yeah, I'm going there with three clubs, 48 balls.


And I'm not looking for any of them. I don't give a shit and I count every fucking stroke. Like if I, if I go to tee off and I miss, I go, they Oh, that's a breakfast ball. No, it isn't. It isn't. Right. It isn't. I was trying to hit the ball and I miss that fucking counts. Setting the tone. These are gonna be honest scores today. And nobody looks at you. They all look down at their silly pants. No, they, they attracts and rewards dishonest people. Lot of contractors, real estate agents, lawyers. You're just running a lot of people. You're a happy man now. That's what I like. You know, your anger fuels you. Dude, I went on a motorcycle ride the other day. That was fucking life changing.


It was just, it was fun. I was riding, where'd you go? I, I went up the canyons in I think Lan la Canata or something like up that way. And it was my buddy's bike and it was a big bike and I was, You know, those was big Harleys with the fucking ferrying. So it's like scary, You know, it's like you're on a Clydesdale and on the way up I was kind of scary. But on the way back I kind of got the feel for it and I kind of, You know, did my version of tearing through the canyon and I, I, I was like, I was euphoric for like two days doing that. And that's like, just not something golf has never done for me. Like, I remember a couple times I've hit good shots and people always go, that's the shot that's gonna make you come back. It's like, no. How It's not, do you have nighttime golfing? You know, I, I would do that. Like those, do You know like those driving range things? Those Yeah. Yeah. With the big net. That looks like fun.


You know, that's those chicks there, the people drinking and stuff. Top golf. Yeah. Yeah. Top golf that looks like, like if I was young, this is like a nightclub with golf that looks fun. But like to actually just become a member, have to vote on things like, you join this, this sports HOA Okay, we got a dentist here. Seems like a good guy. He wants to be a member. Let's see, Conan, you take him out for a round of golf to seal him out, feel a feast. Our kind of person that we want in our little clubhouse here. Yeah. I don know HOAI can't, It really is, You know, you talked about one thing.


There's so many things you bring up that I relate to. And one is you don't own a gun, but you like guns and you bring this up in your special. And I kind of relate, meaning I'm too scattered to Own a gun. I would not, I, no, no. I don't want a gun in my house. I, I'd love to have One. I Oh, you would. I I don't want a gun in my house. I don't want to. But I've, I've kind of always been fascinated by guns in the times that I've been in situations where someone's let me shoot guns. I've, it's fun. Found it to be very cathartic. It's really interesting to me. I I like to kind of get the basics down of it, but I don't wanna own one. Yeah, I understand that. I, I, because I, I know that I am like, I mean the joke I do, I, I, You know, I lose my cell phone.


Like, like I'll walk into a room to, to get something that I forgot and then I will leave. And I, and in the process of getting that, I'll have left whatever was in my hand. Yeah. And I'll, my passport, I'll get to the airport. Fuck. And I gotta go back like I am too, whatever it is. However, my brain is like, you have to be on it to own a fucking gun. Especially If you have kids in the house and like, You know, I, I, You know, you kind of gotta know, you gotta know where your skillset is, You know? Yep. So like, I learned a lot of shit like in like aviation where of, of not is flying within your ability, You know what I mean? So you're always looking at the weather and stuff like that. And I just always look at that stuff. You keep the odds in your favor and you don't just do something when you're up there because what you're flying can do it.


It's like, do you have the ability to do it? Is it safe to do it here? Or whatever. And, You know, just doing stuff like that. Like I, I just look at like, no, I like, I, I go into gun stores all the time. I like the old school, like revolvers, all like, those cop shows that I watch, I'm like, oh, that's the Clint Eastwood right there. That's Baretta had that or whatever, You know. And I like the old school, like rifles and stuff, but I'm not into like the, I don't know, like the, the, the semi-automatics. No. What, what's the one that everybody wants to get? The Ak, what is it? Ar, ar ar 15. Yeah. To you. That's like the electric car of the fucking gun world, You know? But like, If you just have a revolver that's like driving a stick, You know what I mean? You gotta be good at it. That shit's kinda like, eh, You know, you just, you're just watching your misses until you hit the fucking person.


My god. What? It's true though. How many fucking opportunities do you need? Jesus Christ. It's like 900. Anything is firing 900 rounds a second. You don't have to, there's no Skill. It's a gunfight meets T-ball. Yeah. So, no, but that's also like another thing too is, is what I'm trying to do now, like when I'm going out there, is I'm trying to more like, bring people together, which is a really hard thing to do. Yeah. 'cause everything gets politicized. Like fires, viruses. I, I did, I did Kimmel the other night. I deliberately was a apolitical, complimented the fire department, department of water. And somebody takes a clip and said that I, I, You know, bill sides with Gavin Newsom.


It's like, I couldn't pick that guy out of a fucking lineup. I've seen him after games when they cut to KTLA and they show him for a second salt and pepper hair sort of a Square show. Sure. Let's say a game show host. Yeah. Yeah. I have a vague understanding of who that guy is, but like, I didn't know what party he was in. I don't watch any of that shit. I don't watch any of it. You Don't watch news. You, you're not a news junkie. There is no news. Yeah. There is no news. It's just all people's fucking opinions. And then politicians are grossly underpaid. So they let you vote. So you get to choose who goes, oh, my guy won, or my guy lost, or whatever. And then they go in there and then the rest of the time you don't get to like, vote on what they're voting. They vote on it. And the, the people that own them, You know, they, they're, they're, they're doing, they're working for them.


And all of those guys, like, You know, they're all worth like 40, 60, 80, a hundred million dollars making like six figures a year. How do you do that legally? How do you, Conan I don't Have The answers. I know you don't. And everybody but the geniuses, they got everybody. Like, they divide, divide, divide every fucking time. CNN does it. Fox News does it. And I, I find these people that who watch that shit. It's, it's like people who come out of prison who are institutionalized, You know, and they can't fucking live unless they're inside. You watch that 24 hour news enough, You know, and you follow, You know, you start thinking paranoid thoughts and you follow those paranoid thoughts onto the internet. There's gonna be a website that agrees with whatever fucked up thought you have. Sure. Yeah. And then validates it. Then you just go like, cra Like my last time I did, I I, I did Kimmel, somebody wrote to me and was like, dead certain that Jimmy Kimmel was a CIA operative.


Well, he may be actually. Oh my God. I, I don I don't, I don't, I mean, I don't like to add fuel to the fire, but, oh, okay. I was, I was with him in the ccia a for a while. It was me. You were Now, What did you do? What did you do to get kicked out? That the ccia a dis stoned You. We don't, we don't want a hairless ostrich featherless featherless. Oh, okay. Featherless. No, it was me. It was Fallon. There was a bunch of us that were in heavy CIA training. You were, I was asked to leave. Fallon kept singing. They asked him to leave.


Every sandwich has bread. Every burger has a bun. But these warm golden smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best, the philo fish. And you, you can have them too. And you can have it all at two for $6. Like a philo fish, big Mac, 10 piece, big nuggets or large fries, limited time only price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offers. Single item at regular price.


If you don't know about our flyer deals on Instacart, this message is for you. Flyer deals are like strolling through your favorite store looking for deals, but instead you're scrolling on your phone because getting delivery doesn't mean you have to miss out on in-store deals like the creamer that doesn't upset your stomach or the pasta sauce that you can't not buy when it's on sale. Download the Instacart app, shop flyers and never miss a deal. Plus get delivery in as fast as 30 minutes.


I was into conspiracy theory, but then like, once you're actually in the thing that people are conspiring about and you realize how ridiculous their theories are, 'cause you actually have a little bit of information, it's like, oh my God. Like that's me. That's how I was. I, I I used to think all of this shit and I was putting things together and I, I forgot that I, I didn't know any of these people. I was a zillion miles away or whatever. But, You Know, my least favorite thing in this era we're in is everyone's certain you're every is certainty. And I like whatever happened to uncertainty, whatever happened to, I like comedy where I admit, I don't know. I don't know what the answers are. Yeah. And I'm gonna think of some stuff that I is amusing to me and share it with you and hope that you find it funny.


But I see it a lot in comedy now. There's a lot of certainty and there's, and and in politics everyone's absolutely 100% certain Yeah. About everything. Yeah. It's weird. And it's, it's, it's, that's the thing. I I've Been, I was guilty of that like early, or I like to think earlier in my career I was doing, I was doing this and then, You know, now I'm trying to do more of, of that. So I always try to like always just let people know that I don't watch the news and I don't read. And this is just what I feel. It comes across that You don't read. You don't Have to do it. It's very clear. Okay, good. No, that's good. 'cause I don't want, I don't want the responsibility of that. Like, You know, lead can, Can you read, are you able to read, I mean This, you're acting, it sound like it was a decision that you made.


No, it depends on like, You know, when I was really fucked up, like really fucked up and didn't know I was fucked up, it would take me 20 minutes to read one page. Wow. Because every word or sentence would remind me of something. Like, my, my brain was like on spin cycle. And it took a long time to, to understand that of Yeah. I just thought I was dumb. 'cause that's what they said when you were young, there wasn't like all of these diagnoses. You were just an idiot. And so that's what I thought. I said, oh, I, this is taking so long because I'm dumb. And then after I said, oh know, I think I might be a little traumatized. I don't, or I don't know what the fuck it is. But I also knew enough not to take any drugs 'cause of it. It's like, or You know, I can kind of like try to figure this out and get myself.


Yeah. It's like all these idiots taking ozempic. It's like, do you really think after all that cake you eight, that all you have to do is shoot this thing into your fucking leg and then you're gonna be skinny. Like, okay, not, not to do a pun here, but you can't have your cake and eat it. Like there's gonna be an unbelievable disease on the other side of that. You don't just get to melt the pounds away. And there you go. That was weird. And then I just did this. You do somebody, somebody was trying to claim that these sugar companies are now breaking down what's in Ozempic and they're putting a chemical in their candy that's gonna override the zepi. And it's just like, so my body is basically a battlefield. Like I'm not even a person at this point.


Well, that's my thing. Why I don't watch the news of politics? 'cause no one's talking about, nobody's talking about that shit are, you watch like a fucking baseball game and everybody's holding up a sign of somebody they knew that beat or died of cancer. And nobody's saying why or asking why do all the, they never did that. People used to smoke at the fucking game and you knew less people that died of cancer. Like, I want people to start holding up signs, like, You know, thank you Roundup. And you watch how quickly MLB will cut away from that. 'cause they make, they're in business with those guys. Yeah. Oh, here I go. Now I'm going on the internet. No, that's Okay. That's okay. So you're, you're positing that there's a a lot of carcinogens out there and no one's talking about it.


No, I just wish that regular people, which as most of us would just stop yelling at each other. Stop letting these fucking idiots get you stirred up. Stop arguing with bots. Like no matter what the fuck is on there, like, it'd be, You know, like the LA fires or something. All you gotta do is, ah, because of Biden. Ugh, because of Trump. Ugh, Kamala. That's all you gotta do. And then all of these fucking people just jump on the hook and it's a fire. It's a, it used To be something you didn't argue about. There's a bad fire. I know. Just watch Chinatown and just realize that this place shouldn't be here. Right. We've all known this. It's a desert there, there has water in. Yep. I can't believe I live in a desert and there's no water in the hydrants.


Jesus. There's summing you ice bath People, your lawn is all green. This dude, like, we were, we're living like idiots out here. We know that we we're living on like, like this, we're living on the moon and, and it, it looks like we're living in New Hampshire, right? Like that's, that's eventually that, that's gonna come around, You know? And every year we have a drought and they tell you not to take as long a shower and blah, blah, blah. And we all fucking blow it up. We're, I think we're all responsible for that. I don't think you just blame it on like a political party. And I, and I don't have a solution for that. But I, I don't think the solution is to sit there and blame people and try to, You know, happen during your watch Conan, this is on you. The St. Francis damn disaster is on you.


By the way, they found out years later that they, they built that dam into a prehistoric mudslide and they didn't have the technology. And that guy carried the guilt of that when the St. Francis Dam collapsed out here and like a 30 foot wall of water went to the, through the valley, they found people's bodies down in like fucking Mexico. And this guy carried that. I can't, he can't get through this without laughing. God, that is so Boston. I just can't, he found bodies in Mexico. I mean, I just can't imagine you're in your lu cabin or whatever, Jimmy crack corn and I don't care this fucking wall of water. And then if there is a God, you wake up talking to him, still holding your bench, like spitting out fish. What the fuck happened? Spiting out fish like a cartoon.


I I know, I know. Like a cartoon. Oh my God. I can't believe you're the guy who built that shit. And you're like, what happened? He probably heard it. He probably heard it go through the sound of it. What is that? What is that? That's the shit you built. You fucking asshole. What made you think of the Saint Francis Dam? Look that up. When did that happen? Where did, where did this come? Oh, this is even better. It gets even better. Francis, after the dam collapses, some fucking asshole wanted to climb up it to do like the original selfie or whatever. He climbed up on top and he fell off and died.


Oh. It was Built between 1924 and 1926. And when did it Collapse? 1927. It Damn failed in 1928. Oh my God. So we're sitting here talking about current events and you just go right to the St. Francis Dam collapse in 19, because I know you like old timey shit. I do. You like, you like Winston Church here and Theodore Roosevelt. I've been to his house. He has the library of a 90-year-old. I he what's missing? He should just agree to me with a pipe. I have a pretty good library. He does. They're all leather bound. How? Come on, you're not all bound. Oh no, he was, he Said, You know what I should have in my House.


He was totally intimidating. He was going, I've read all of these. And he goes, I did not. He goes, and all this information is in here. It's all in my mind. And you and you'll all sit here and listen to it. Oh my God. It was the longest night of my life. Oh, come on. I get it. Conan, you've read about the third rech. Jesus Christ. Dennis Miller would've been like, take it Easy. Take it easy. Cha cha. Yeah. Jesus. I would love to see the two of you guys too. One of my old Brains going back and Forth. One of my old girlfriends took a photo of me and it's like the, on this beautiful beach, like 1994 when I took like my first vacation ever.


And I'm on the beautiful beach in the Caribbean and I'm sitting there and I'm reading William Shires Rising full off the third. Right. It's like a telephone book with a swastika on the cover. And I'm completely in shade because God forbid What country were you in? No, I was in the Caribbean somewhere. Oh, Caribbean. And so God forbid I'm, I get any sunlight at all and I'm wearing, You know, rose Kennedy's Sun hat underneath an umbrella. And I'm reading this giant morality tale about the rise and fall of the Third Reich in Tiny Print. I, You know, I went to Prague and I went to that church where those guys holed up Who shot that S guy. Yeah. Yeah. And they stayed there for like fucking, I don't know how many days just fighting these guys off.


Yeah. They tried to flood it and drown. They still got the bullet holes in there. Yeah. So it's unreal. Like, like World War II is just like this thing. 'cause it wasn't here when you go over there, it's just, and they still got the, like If you go into like Berlin Sure. Yeah. And what the few structures that are left, you're like, oh yeah, this really fucking happened. You know, where you go, you go to like countries that they bombed and they just have the ugliest buildings because after the war they were just leveled and their economy was done. So they just had to like, just build these things really quickly. I was doing my travel show with my team and we checked into this town and Lin named Lin and we're walking around and I said, every building here looks like it was built starting in 1950. Man. They, for whatever reason, they bombed the shit outta the place.


And so I, I got on my phone, looked up Lynch like what happened in Lynch and Lynch? Oh God is the, it wasn't his birthplace, but it was the town where Hitler grew up. The allies knew that it was also, they, I think it was an armaments. They were, they built armaments there. And so they, they bombed their shit out of it. And you can see that every single building, and I've seen this in Cologne too, where the only thing they didn't hit was the cathedral church. Yeah. The cathedral. And I've talked to people there and they've said, people who think You know war, who romanticize war need to come to these places. Oh no, it's brutal because every single, every single building was demolished. Everything There, there's in in, what do they call it now?


Czechia, whatever they're calling it now. There's a town where they, they ha I haven't gone, I would never, it's just too sad to go to. But like when they killed that SS guy, for some reason they, they, I don't, I forget the story. If they like They assassinated him. Well the resistance assassinated him. Yeah. So they found out whatever town some of those guys they thought they were from and they fucking killed everybody in that town. Yeah. So they have like this, this, You know, these silhouettes of like, You know, men, women, children. It's just fucking, it's fucking brutal. Yeah. It's brutal. And then what's funny is when you go, What's funny, this is unbelievable. Go go. I'll tell you what's funny is you go to Stockholm, Sweden, okay. Yeah. And it, it looks like you're in the Keebler elf like home city.


Yeah. And you're like, well, hmm. Why did this one survive? And you found out they remained neutral. Yeah. Yeah. So they, they let the Nazis, they looked the other way as they used their trains to go into Norway. Yeah. And then that whole fucking thing was a wild 'cause I went over there and they were talking about how, You know, Norway had fought for, to get the bottom third of their country liberated from Sweden. And they had just gotten it back. And then during World War ii, I dunno if this was some like, You know, petty shit. They let the Nazis go in there and You know, fuck 'em all up. So then Norway's economy was flattened in Sweden just 'cause they were still standing became this economic power. So Norway was so desperate, they tried to sell the bottom of the third of their company country back again.


And Sweden was like, yeah, now we don't want it. Jesus. And then they found oil there and then the Swedes go, now we go over there and do jobs that they don't want to do. But everybody has like a sense of humor about it now because no one was alive when all of that shit happened. You know what I mean? Right, right. Kind of. But it was, yeah. It's pretty fucking, it's pretty wild. Well I knew this is where the com podcast was gonna go at the very beginning. I said, I'm gonna get us to the devastation in World War Ii. Taylor was into architecture though. That's why he left like Paris and Prague alone. He just like, they're too beautiful to destroy. That's just such a funny like wrinkle in his personality.


Like, 'cause he is murdering 6 million people. Who is that Art deco. He did at the end want them to burn Paris. And he and one general was like, because he Couldn't have it. He was Like a J good lover. Yeah, exactly. So at the very end he wanted to, we, You know, I'm just, I'm tired of you letting Hitler slide Bill Burr. We've Veered one my favorite norm jokes of all time. What he was on Letterman, he was talking about Hitler and he goes, he is like, You know, he goes, the more I read about this guy the less I like him. God bless you Norm. He just totally Presented it like he was the only guy who would ever read up.


I don I don Dunno If you ever heard about one of the worst people of the last century, but I I'm getting into it. Listen, I wanna make sure we get the word out on your special. It's out right now. And it is called Drop Dead Years. Yeah. Drop dead Years. It it on Hulu. Streaming. On Hulu. And yeah, I'm very, very proud of it. And I'm looking forward to, I guess when this thing airs, when this airs I'll be, be doing Glen Gary Glen Ross on Broadway at the Palace. That's fantastic. If you'd like to come, If you I'm allowed to invite a ginger. I might have to have Odenkirk invite you and maybe that that's We'll find a loophole. Yeah. Yeah. Me and Ed Sheeran will come together with Ron Howard.


Yeah. I, yeah. From the day I met you, I've like, no one's mind works like yours. And it's a beautiful thing to behold. Oh, I didn't know where that was going. Dan met you. I was like, why did we book this guy the way your brain works? I'm constantly saving your stories. It's exhausting. You're exhausting Bill. Well, I, I right back at you man. I I, I always love coming on whatever you're doing and hanging out, whatever. There it is. It's, it's, it's effortless man. You're one of the funniest guys. I know. Oh, that's, and You know that, that's sincere. 'cause I couldn't look at you when I did it. I know you looked over that way. Two hours. Guys can't look at each each other. We can't look at each other. That's another Alright, Lemme tell you something. You fucking punch. I love you to death. I wouldn't throw you in shit For all the fucking Shal in fucking Oto town.


That's another norm line. He had a line once where he said, eh, went home to Christmas break and it was all right. But I, at one point I accidentally made eye contact with my father And that's like, I know what he is talking about. Oh yeah. We all know what he is talking about. Oh man, that guy, that Guy all Bill Berg go in peace to love and serve the Lord or Whatever. That's it. All right, well thank you guys so much for having me. And yeah, that's, I don know how to wrap this up. This isn't my, this is your job. That's it everybody. We'll be back after the break. We'll be right back. You gotta go buy a mattress. We'll tell you which one to get. Sarah Michelle Geller, when we returned, copy Thorn Smith.


When we come back, I, I can go back, I can go back to way old shows that I did say we got so and so next. Yeah, come on. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sono of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aren Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Conn.


You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan.


And If you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded,


Every sandwich has bread, every burger has a bun. But these warm, golden smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best, the phileo fish. And you, you can have them too. And you can have it all at two for $6. Like a phileo fish, big Mac, 10 piece, big nuggets or large fries. Limited time only price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offers. Single item at regular price.


Bottom.