
I've always believed that your home should be an expression of who you are. That was my, I have that like, tattooed on my low back. Oh, wow. I could have had so many things tattooed down there. Yeah. And that's what I chose down there. Yeah. Anyway, whether you're redecorating a single space or furnishing your entire home, Ashley has styles that balance, timeless appeal and modern trends to bring your personal look home. Ashley offers well crafted, affordable pieces built to stand up to real life, not phony. Pretend life love. They offer fast, reliable, white glove delivery right to your door. Dingdong. Hello. Hey, what are you guys wearing white gloves for? We are here from Ashley. Hey, you guys kept your promise. You bet we did. We're Ashley, visit your local Ashley store or head to ashley.com to find your style.


One thing about the entertainment industry, it's easy to earn a reputation even if it doesn't reflect who you really are. For example, everyone thinks that Discover is a card that isn't widely accepted. Ugh. Did you, can you believe that? I can't stand people who think that, but yeah, me neither. Those are my least favorite kind of people In reality, it's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. This is a flawed concept. 99%. Yeah. It's Almost all of it. Yeah. Almost. But just 1% away. So maybe now you'll think twice before judging a book by its cover. Hello. Unless it's a celebrity cookbook, just stay away from those celebrities. Can't cook in that case, judge. You know what I mean? Whenever has celebrities making a cake, I think that's a bad cake. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report. Learn more at discovery.com/credit card.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hi Tricia. Welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Hey guys, How are you? I'm great. How are you guys? We are doing pretty well, I think. Yeah. Yeah. But we are not the focus. Tricia, you are the focus and you know, people are sick of hearing about us. I wanna know about you. I've been told I believe that you're in Minnesota and that your name is Tricia. Yeah. And that's all I know. Oh, really? Yeah. Okay. So maybe you could fill us in about who, what you do, who you are, you know, likes, dislikes, the whole thing.


The whole Right. The whole thing. Yeah. I'm in Montevideo, Minnesota, which is in the southwest corner of the state on the prairie. Okay. So I've been here about seven years. All right. Moved here for my husband's job. Had no idea where this place was. Now, are You in, are you a native of Minnesota then? In general? Yeah, I'm from the, yeah, I'm from the North shore of Minnesota up by Lake Superior. Yep. Yeah. So And so did this feel like a come down for you? Like, oh, I gotta go down to the, to the prairie. I gotta go down to the prairie. 'cause of my husband got a job on the prairie. Is that, was that your Attitude?


I'm seven months pregnant. Oh my God. Are you guys homesteaders? Yeah. Yeah. No. Can you help me? Can you help me raise a barn? I have a barn raising on, on God. Yeah. I also live on the prairie. It's sort of the prairie, sort of, I Need help pulling a dead buffalo out of a lake. I'll help you with that. You help me with my barn. Sure. Well, Tricia, I'm just curious. So what do you do? I, I know you're a, you're a mom, you've got kids. What other things are you interested in? Yeah, I work, I work remotely as an investigative crime reporter. I cover cold cases. Oh my God. In Minnesota. That's fantastic. And the Dakotas, I I, I, I'm fascinated by this.


I'm fascinated by murder. So I think you're a big murder buff. I like murder. Hey. Hey guys. I like murder too. Hey. All right girls. All right. No, I like murder so much that I, I am, I would either like to murder or be murdered. Yes. I'm up for either one. It doesn't matter. Oh, whoa. Yeah. Oh, I probably shouldn't put that out though. That's a bad thing. Wait. Too late. Oh yeah. You're gonna, they'll replay that if something happens to me with an echo. Although I'll say I got dips. Okay. You, I'll give you first crack. Okay. That's your investigative crime reporter. And your focus is cold cases. I love it. I love these stories. How far back do you go with a cold case usually? Yeah. So the 1970s has kind of become my sweet spot, which is weird 'cause I was born in the eighties.


Yeah, it's a good era. But it was a really, it was a, I mean, it was a decade of mayhem. You know, I often think serial killers Were On the news. Yeah. I like sometimes, you know, 'cause there's, there are channels for music that just focus on, you know, like it's the sixties channel. Yeah. It's the fifties channel. Like SiriusXM does that, the seventies one. It says seventies decade of mayhem, but then they just play the Eagles. And I think, yes, it was a time for killing. Okay. So the, here's the thing. I think there were the, the, what's intriguing about the seventies is that they didn't have the DNA technology yet.


And so people would just go missing and there wasn't a lot you could do about it. And so to me it, it feels like a, a time of mystery when there's probably a lot of cold cases, right? Hmm. Yeah, exactly. I mean, and a lot of times too, people just, they were considered to be runaways because like you said, there was no DNA technology and especially if it was a young woman, it was just, oh, well she went off, you know, hitchhiking to San Francisco. Ugh. Yeah. It'd just be, be hitchhiking. Sorry, what? What? I said, What did you bitch be hitch did? Hitching. Hitchhike. Yeah. That felt like, that felt like the right time to drop in a joke. This woman's trying to solve cold Murder cases are, these are young women that went missing.


And you decide, here's my joke opportunity. All I'm saying is, bitches me hitchhiking Tricia, I'd like to apologize 'cause I think what you're doing is valuable. And if you find someone, these people are in agony. 'cause they're wondering what happened to their loved one. Sorry, Sona. I would Like to Oh yeah. You care now. I would like to at least thank I do you for giving us the title of this episode. I was gonna say, bitches be hitching. Bitches be hitching. See, that's Better. That would've been cool. It Didn't roll off the tongue when I said hitchhiking also, that's why I stumbled a lot. That was really why I was upset. It wasn't that it was insensitive. It just be hitching. Got it. So have you had success with this?


I'll wait for the laughter to stop. Yeah, yeah. And then say, have you had success finding the bodies of lost women in the seventies? Jesus. Oh my gosh, Christ. Yeah. We have actually, we've moved, well, we've moved at least two cases forward. One case a gal from 1974, Belinda, she went missing. And, you know, still hasn't been found, but there's a main suspect. Oh, and have You, have you, They've reopened her case and so we could be getting answers. Okay. Let's talk about, because I'd like to help crack this case, the main suspect. Have you spoken with the main suspect? Is the main suspect still alive?


Yeah, he's still alive. I have, I met with him for, for an hour. He's at a secure facility in northern Minnesota for dangerous sexual offenders. Oh, Jesus. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And you went there, I mean, that's a creepy place to visit. Was it the kind of situation where he's behind a screen and you, or, or a a a clear plastic and you pick up the phone and he picks up the phone? No, I wish, I wish that were the case, but no. So, you know, when those, it's Disappointing. I love it when they pick up the phone and then they pick up the phone to be in a little mask And he's on a dolly in a straight jacket. You Know, You Should talk to a guy who may have murdered someone in the seventies.


And you're like, what phone did you use? Well, I just, How did you communicate? I just love it. It's always the same thing. One person picks up the phone and then points to it, and the other person then begrudgingly picks up the phone. Yeah. As if it's not clear to pick up the fucking phone. Right. I mean, how else are you gonna talk? They always pick it up and point at it. I've seen that in 10,000 movies and I'm not wrong. That's True. Yeah, that's a good point. Yeah. Now I'm thinking about, and this is wrong, but now I'm thinking about when people visited serial killers at like 19 0 10, 19 10, 19 11. Oh no. That one person picks up a candlestick phone and points to the other side of the window and the other person picks up the candlestick phone and they're like, hello, hello.


Look, I didn't do it. See, I didn't do it. See, see. And they have to still go through an operator. She had it coming. Bitches be hitching. Yeah. I want Wrigley 5 0 2 5. Enid, can you put me through bitches be hitching. Hold on please. Zing, zing, zing, zing, zing. Okay. You know what, Tricia? You don't deserve this. This is, this is awful. This is so stupid. I hate us. And all three of us are going to hell. And I hope soon, I hope we go, we go before we die. Just we can check it out. But Tricia, this is, let's, I'm gonna pull this thing together. I know I can do it. What you're doing is very cool and valuable, and you talk to this person and tell me what it was like to look into the eye.


Do you think this person did it? I mean, I have to. I'm not supposed to say, but Yeah, I do think he Did. You showed a lot of re you showed a lot of restraint there, Tricia. Well, I'm not suppo. Yes. Total murderer. So you look in this person's eyes, did this person have remorse, do you think? Well, no. So he and I had been writing letters for quite a while and so that's how I got in unrelated To this. Yeah, this is, I was gonna say, I was gonna say they were pen pals before any of this came up. By the way, what are your hobbies? Killing in the seventies. Hey, maybe I could come by. They have a phone there and a plastic divider.


I'll pick it up. But you don't pick it up right away. And then I'll point to my phone. Trisha, I'm sorry. We're gonna get it back. We're gonna get it back. You know what, can I just say this is Trisha's fault for calling us. Yeah, yeah. That's, there are so many legitimate places to call. Actually, could you pick up the phone? Yeah. Also, I said for calling us, she's on a zoom. I'm sorry, Tricia, I will reign this in. I promise you. You started writing back and forth and then you decided to go, what made you want to go and meet with this alleged or possible killer in person? So at that point we knew I'd been working with Belinda's family and we knew that he had been named the main suspect.


And so we had obtained his police files from, he had three women who escaped from him. Oh God. And yeah, I mean like really bad stuff. Oh shit. Like, shit, he abducted them at gunpoint and knife point and had a kill bag and, and all three of these women lived to tell Yeah. What happened to them. And so, yeah, I think it was more so out of, obviously for the story because, you know, writing a story, writing a series about Belinda, you know, it was only natural to wanna go and ask him some questions. Yep, yep. So I mean, that's why I went there. Not for kicks, but, you know, To ask him, no, you're a crime reporter. This is Yeah.


Despite everything we've done in this podcast. Right. This is a real thing you're doing and it's very, it's invaluable. And, and these are real victims. And I, I cannot believe I'm transitioning us out of that laughing fit. You have to though. But I have to. And yeah, I hope that everyone listening understands that, that we are, we're three sociopaths. I was gonna say though, to make you guys feel better. Like, I laugh with the families all the time. Like, I feel like people have to have some sort of a dark sense of humor. Yeah. So I think it, I think it's All right. You Know. Now, so you talked to this person, I, I, I'm curious because I have always had an interest in this subject and I was always wondered how I would do interviewing somebody, you know what I mean?


Would I be able to get any information out of them? Or would I just go on too many tan? What's your professional opinion of how I would fare? Would I go on too many like, comedic tangents or there'd be about to confess to the murder and not have a funny idea and start to describe it. Are you thinking of having murderers on this podcast is, well, it's a big genre in podcasts. And if we can combine our humor with murder, we might That's true. Be the biggest podcast in the entire world. I mean, I know we're close, but we're not there yet. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I think number one rule is to make them feel comfortable. I I think you would be really good at that. Yeah. And, you know, making them laugh, doing some bits would, you know, get them feeling, you know, loose.


Yep. Yeah. And they're ready to talk. That's key. That's key is get them laughing and get their trust. And then maybe they'll tell me something. I mean, I would, maybe I could come with you some point and just that might be distracting. You know, like, I think it'd be good, you know, and I've, so I only do interviews by myself, but ideally you wanna do it in a team because then you have like a good cop, bad cop, and then an observer And a, and a very silly cop. It's good cop, bad cop. Like, we're gonna, we're gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna five minutes with you. I'm gonna beat your face in if you don't tell us what to do. Hey man, I'm your friend. Yeah. And I'm here too.


I'm goofy cop. There's good cop, bad cop and goofy cop. Hey look, I've got antlers on. They're made of foam.


SurveyMonkey can help you uncover what the people you care about. Think whether you're launching a new product or app, or in charge of creating great customer experiences. Success comes from caring enough to ask your audience the right questions. Questions like, is SurveyMonkey a good name for a company? I'm sorry I had to get one in there. SurveyMonkey is way more powerful than you might realize. Writing good, good survey questions is very hard. You ask the wrong thing, you end up with unhelpful answers. SurveyMonkey is like having access to a survey scientist on demand. I'm sure they're not called survey scientists, but whatever, it doesn't matter. It uses AI powered technology to pick the best questions in the best formats to get your insights that you can trust. And after you send your survey, SurveyMonkey doesn't just show you the responses. It uses powerful AI to dig in deep find patterns and spot trends. Whether you're a business owner trying to understand what your customers want, a marketing manager collecting feedback on a campaign idea, or part of an HR team working to build a happier workplace, or someone trying to find a good name for your company. You can get real insights with SurveyMonkey. Visit surveymonkey.com/results.


Let's be real. I mean, it's time we got real, don't you think guys? Yeah. B2B marketing is pretty tough. It is. You can craft the perfect campaign, but if it lands in front of the wrong people, it might as well be invisible. Hey, where is it? Where is it? I don't see it. It's invisible. It's like reaching pro gamers instead of programmers. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. It makes a big difference. That's where LinkedIn comes in. Gather around everybody. Yeah. LinkedIn's a network of over 1 billion professionals who actually get business on LinkedIn ads. You can target your buyers by job title, industry, company role, seniority skills, company revenue. And did we say job title yet? I guess that's a joke. So stop wasting budget on the wrong audience and start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign so you can try it yourself. Hmm. Pretty cool. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.


You probably think you know Philadelphia, but how well do you know Philly? Now's the perfect time to get to know it. Better come for Rocky. Stay for Renoir. Come for the cheese steaks. Stay for the seafood rice. Come for the American history. Stay for the Chinese Lantern Festival. Come for Philadelphia. Stay for Philly with the visit Philly overnight package. Your car stays free. Book your getaway today@visitphilly.com.


If you're a lineman in charge of keeping the lights on, Granger understands that you go to great lengths and sometimes heights to ensure the power is always flowing, which is why you can count on Granger for professional grade products and next day delivery. So you have everything you need to get the job done. Call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com or just stop by Granger Ranger for the ones who get it done.


I do think, I think I would be pretty good. And I'm fascinated. I am legitimately all bits aside, fascinated by by what you do. And I'm also noticing, I don't know if you've noticed this too, but there are couples, it's usually a couple, or sometimes it's one person who'd been missing since the seventies and this, or sometimes the eighties. But a lot of times it's the seventies or even the late sixties. It's this phenomenon that's come up now. And what happens is there'll be a scuba diver in a lake and they find, they're like, Hey, there's an old rusty car down there. Oh. And they dredge it up and it turns out that the person was driving home, and this is more common, these stories pop up in the news one popped up like two days ago.


It's a couple. I think that's went missing in the sixties. And because more and more people are scuba diving in lakes to sort of poke around. They're finding cars that just, people were driving home and their car went into the water somewhere. They're going over. Or their car went in and no one knew about it. And everyone assumed they're the victim of foul play. But that's a thing too, is just there's, they're more and more finding people. Obviously the women that you're talking about were abducted. But I'm finding that to be kind of fascinating in this age of Yeah, there are like scuba sleuths out there, which is weird, but it's true.


Yeah, no, I've heard of that too. And then it's kind of sad too because in a lot of those cases there's like someone who is accused of doing it was never convicted. And then after all these years they were just, you know, in an accident Yes. They were in an accident on their way. It's always freaks me out. Like, how do you, how does your car go into a pond? And nobody knew it. Nobody knew there was a crime scene. But that's happening more and more. Yeah. There where they're finding things just because things turn up. But obviously these are people that were abducted. And if you, do you think when you're talking to this person and you interviewed them in jail, do you think this is someone who might be willing to confess?


Or would you, if you went back or if you repeatedly went back a couple of times? 'cause what, what would they have to lose at this point? Why not? Yeah, exactly. I don't know. You know, it's kind of weird because you think they're these masterminds because they've, you know, gotten away with murder, or at least you think they have. But a lot of times they're just kind of dopey. Like that guy is just kind of, you know, kind of pathetic at the same time. He doesn't strike me as someone who's going to just, you know, confess on his deathbed. But I think they're, you know, like when you look at FBI professionals and they're interrogation tactics much smarter than I am. And I think in that case, yeah, I think it could happen. Yeah.


I'm, I'm amazed that you got into this. It sounds like you just got into this on your own and I mean, when you started, you started making this your beat as a crime reporter. Well, well no, I, I, I kind of fell into it because like I said, I moved here, I was taken here when I was seven months pregnant and there's nowhere to work around here. You said I was taken here. I were you abducted? No, I didn't wanna say it. Yeah, I'm gonna say you were like, I was taken here when I was seven months pregnant against my will to the prairie. Oh no. Now I feel like we have to go rescue you. Is your husband in the crime business? No, no. He's a physician.


But Working that angle, eh, okay. Those are the best murderers. Yeah, best Murderers. So sometimes Alia. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The physicians, they know where To hit. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Jesus, she's right There with us. Yes. She Gets it. No, so I got into it because yeah, I had three kids right in a row and it was, you know, I never intended on being a stay at home mom. God bless them. It's the hardest thing in the world. But when I was pregnant with my third, I was like, okay, I need to go back to work. And at that point it was after COVID, so there were more remote opportunities. Yeah. So I was like, okay, let's look for a job for me. I, and then I found that one, and it was with a company I used to work for.


So it, it just kind of happened that way. But I, I completely, I mean, we completely support your decision. 'cause Sona had twins and offered to go back to work from the hospital. Yeah. You wanted to get away I to go back during labor and she said, and she hasn't seen them since. I Don't know where they are. Yeah. No, I don't know where they are. Yeah, I understand. I know what they're doing. Yeah. She said, you said you're willing to meet them when they graduate college. Yeah. I came here and I haven't left. I've just been in the studio. So now how old are your twins? You have twins, right? They're Three and a half. Okay. I have a three and a half year old, so yeah. Oh yeah. And I can't imagine two. Yeah. You had, but you had, you said you had three in a row. How quickly? 19 months apart.


Fuck. Oh my God. Yeah. Okay. Jesus. Sona, I move on to crime and murder. So my parents, that's how in my family, it's, there was a child born every four months, Dear God. For 30, for 35 years. Yeah. We were high fiving each other in the womb. Well, I gotta go. I'm shipping out, but I'll see you in a couple of months. They said it was a medical miracle. Yes. And your mom went back to work too immediately. She went, she went back to work as soon as she could. Yeah. Yeah. I don't blame Her. Yeah. She went back to work. Yeah. Yeah. She was a prize fighter. 75 knockouts.


Never lost a fight. Well, this is fascinating. I'm, I'm really interested, I'm very interested in what you do and I think it's incredibly cool that you're, that you're doing this. And I, I wish you the best of luck. It's, it is. I also find the seventies to be such an eerie time. You're familiar with the list case, right? Yeah. The, what's that? The list case? It's a pretty famous case. It's a guy who, the stepfather, the movie the stepfather was based on the list case, but it was John List. He lost his job, didn't want to tell his family. They were living in kind of a fancy house. He was trying to keep up appearances and then he just decided to kill everybody and then disappear.


And he went, he disappeared successfully for like 25 years. And they only found him because of America's Most Wanted. And they made a, a recreation of what he would look like today. And someone said, I know that guy. And it turned out it was him. And I was a writer at Saturday Night Live at the time. And I went to the trial. The trial was in New Jersey. And I would drive in my 1973 Plymouth Valley over to New Jersey when I wasn't working on sketches. And just sit there and look at this guy. Wow. He had a big family and he just waited for the kids to come home one by one and killed them. Oh, Jesus. Yeah. Wow. And then went and started a whole new life. And when they caught him, he was having financial trouble again.


And they were theorizing. He might've, if they hadn't caught him, done the same thing again. Wow. Oh my God. And his rationale was they're starting to, it's the seventies they're starting to wear, my daughter's starting to wear a short skirt. The kids are, I, I'm gonna kill them so that they don't go to hell. I'll kill them now and they'll go to heaven. That was his rationale. Hmm. Okay. Huh. Probably a good time for murdering. 'cause there's no DNA stuff, Right? No, exactly. I think it's, yeah. And I agree with you golden age of murdering. I agree with you that I never see it again. Yeah. Isn't that a shame? Yeah. It's like the studio system. Yeah. Oh, they made good movies then they can't go home. They, I think, I think you're right. I think it's, you made a really good point, which is people think that if you get away with murder, you're a genius.


But no, it's, it's a busy, crazy world out there. And as we saw with the Long Island killings Yeah. Those were all sex workers. And sadly, they would go missing and the police would go like, eh, it's a sex worker. She's, God knows where she is. And they were treated as second class citizens. And then later on it turned out that this serial killer was extremely prolific. Sadly. And so, you're right, there is, it's not that this person's a genius. He, they were just preying on a section of society that that was not, you know, held in the same regard. Which is too bad.


Yeah, exactly. And, and it's, I mean, it's kind of weird obviously to think about just because most of us would get so much anxiety after killing someone and it would show, you know, but they're able to just, yeah. I don't know. I don't know. Go about, yeah. Go alter day. Yeah. I think that my coworkers are pointing at me. They've seen me make, do terrible bits, and then they see that I have no remorse. None at all. Just none. And that, and bits are worse than murder in many cases. In a way, you're, my bits are, I'm murdering people's peace of mind around me. Right, right. I'm killing people's sense of a, a, a good world that they live in with my bits.


Oh no. So in my own way, I've left a long trail behind me. I don't know. We dipped in and out of, this is a fascinating conversation because we've dipped in and out of laughter and then incredibly dark moments, and then back to laughter again, which shows that all, well the three of us need to be jailed. Think. Yeah, we do. Yeah. We need to be in some facility. I mean, No, Not convincing. You said that in such a min, you said also you did that in such a Minnesota way. Ah, Yeah. No, no. You've been on the prairie too long. Tricia. We gotta get you out of there. I know, I have. It's, it's know, it's, it's a great place.


Is your physician husband out delivering a calf right now? What is he doing? Oh my God. A human baby. Oh, Okay. Alright. Probably, Yeah. Okay, good. More so. Yeah. Yeah. Well, our best to him. And you seem like a very cool person and very, just really fascinating to talk to you. And thanks for listening to our nonsense. Did you have a question for me before we go? Oh, well, my question I, you ki you kind of already answered, which would be, you know, well, actually no, let me start over. What advice would you give me, because you've obviously been known as one of the great interviewers of our country.


Jesus. What advice would you give me the next time I go in and interview a serial killer? I thought you were gonna say, what advice would you give to any killers out there? How to kill and kill again? I, you know, I, it's the same thing. I, I mean, I think we talked about it, but I do think it's all about getting rapport. And one way I try, I always try to find common ground with people, which is strange because if you're talking to a, a prolific serial killer, it would be weird. But I think I would try and go into it trying to liken what I do to what they do so that we could have a, a feeling of rapport like I've killed in front of an audience. Oh geez. Oh boy. Oh boy. I would, that's what I would do. I would try and find common ground Oh.


Or talk about the time I've murdered. But he's, you're trying to get them to admit they murdered. Yeah. So you can't talk about, hey, we're both, we both kill, but different ways. Yes. That's what you do. That's most jailhouse confessions are one criminal talking to another. Yeah. That's what I think it is. I think It's a good strategy. Yeah. Thank you very much. That's a good strategy. Okay. You lose Sona. I Want you to go undercover in prison and like befriend these People undercover in prison. Oh, that's gonna go well. That's gonna go really well. Hi, you fellas stand up. I'm not Conan O'Brien, my name's Conrad O Riot. Well, off to the showers. To the showers.


Oh man. Tricia, have a wonderful day and really good luck to you. And I, I hope that you're successful and, and that you, you get some closure for these people. I really do. Thank you so much. And I do wanna say that I listen to you guys all the time and laugh so hard. Oh good. I appreciate it. Oh, All right. Yeah, it helps when I'm doing the murder stuff. Yeah, Take a break. Well, I like to laugh along with you and then go murder, so the same way. All right. You take care, Tricia Byebye. Thanks guys. Bye. See ya. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Cession and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive, produced by Adam Sachs.


Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer Aren Blair, associate talent producer, Jennifer Samples, associate producers Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash Conan. Please rate, review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan wherever fine podcasts are down.


Andy Richter here with a message from Toyota. Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025. According to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com And with dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need today while investing in tomorrow. Choose Toyota and choose Value shop. Buy a toyota.com for deals today. Vehicles projected resale value specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Company, incorporated. Toyota, let's go places.


Hi there, it's Andy Richard, and I'm here to tell you about my podcast, the Three Questions with Andy Richter. Each week I invite friends, comedians, actors, and musicians to discuss these three questions. Where do you come from? Where are you going and what have you learned? New episodes are out every Tuesday with guests like Julie Bow and Ted Dan and Tig Natara will anette, Phoebe Bridgers and more. You can also tune in for my weekly Andy Richter Collin Show episodes where me and a special guest invite callers to weigh in on topics like dating, disasters, bad teachers, and lots more. Listen to the three questions with Andy Richter, wherever you get your podcasts.