
Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hey Devon, welcome to Conan. O'Brien needs a fan. Hey, Devon. How are you? I'm good. How are you? Well, you don't, this is, I'm sorry. This is crazy. Well, I think it's crazy that your shirt matches your background. Exactly. Because you look like a floating head right now. It's cool. It's Pretty cool. You have a good look going for you. Thank you. Yeah. Devon, there's so much we need to talk about, but the first thing I need to understand is where are you coming from right now?


I have no idea where you are in the world. So, I'm from Calgary, Alberta in Canada. Oh. I originally was from Edmonton, but yeah, I'm in Calgary now. Okay. So you, you live in Calgary and what's the temperature where you are right now? It's unseasonably warm. It's about five degrees Celsius. Oh. So yeah, That always still sounds cold when you do Celsius. Doesn't it sound like, oh, it's real hard. It's five degrees. What is that in American temperature? Yeah. Yeah. We like everything done the American way since we're soon to buy your country, You know, apparently told, I've never figured out the, the conversion there, so I, your guess would be as good as mine. Oh, it's, it's 41 degrees. Okay. Okay. Alright. And did you call it Calgary?


Yeah, so I, I'm not originally from here, so I call it Calgary. I'm supposed to call it Calgary. Oh. But You know what I say, Devon, stick to your guns. Yeah. Yeah. The locals don't really know what they're talking about. I don't think so. Yeah. Hey, I'm gonna say this. Devon and I, I'm, I'm, I'm, this is a compliment. You look yoked. Doesn't he look like a Yeah, you do. You lift. Yeah. I mean, you look, what's the word? The sw? Is that what the kids say? Sw yoked yolked. You look, I do. I'm incredible. I should have worn my shirt that says yoked. It would've been Guess What? Way better What? Guess what, pal? You don't have to, because you've got the muscles to prove it.


Your muscles have muscles. It's outta control. What's going on here? Tell us a little, do you lift every day? What's the story? Yeah, I do work out quite often. I've been training for, I mean, how old am I now? I'm almost 33. So since I was like 16. Wow. So yeah, that's Been, I started working out when I was 55. Okay. And I'm still on very lightweights. You, you'll get there Though. Yeah. No, and I'm in my seventies. I'm gonna move up to the old 20 pounder. Okay. You'll Get there. It's all about You. You're a very nice guy, Yvonne. You'll get there. Thank you. By the time you're in your nineties, you'll be okay.


Well do, are you a professional athlete in any way? I'm not a professional. I would, I would make that clear for sure. Okay. But I, I did, I did compete in Bob Slay last year for our Canadian national team. Oh. Oh, You're kidding. You're a So you are a, I mean, you're a serious bobsledder. I, I would call it former 'cause I'm not doing it this year, but last year I did do it. It was my first year and yeah, it was, I was on the World Cup team was Wow. Last year. I think when I, when I sent the email last year, I could be wrong. I've, I sent applications a few times to you guys, but when I made the team, I was like, I'm gonna send it and hopefully Conan will wanna talk to me now.


And I might've been in Europe right when I sent it. So. Yeah. But lemme Tell you something, Yon, if I was on a bobsled for two seconds, I would spend the rest of my life telling people that I was a, I was a bobsledder. Yeah. That's just me. You're being way too modest. It sounds like, I mean, this is serious stuff you have competed at, at a top level. Yeah, I was very, I would, I I say lucky. I was also just very fortunate to be in good positions. I put myself there and put myself out there last year and was able to just find my way into one of our top sleds last year and somehow ended up over there. It was Okay. Well, I just took a shot at it, so, I Don't know. We've all seen the images of Bob sledding, but I don't know much about it.


I know there's a couple of, okay, a couple of you are crammed into a bobsled. How many? So it's either two or four. Four. It gets real cozy in there. But it's nice. You're, you're with your buddies kind of going down And, and if they're not your buddies, you, they become your buddies real fast. Yeah, they do. For sure. So you are, you are interlocked with these, there's four of you and you're on this sled that's like a rocket. And how fast do you go at times? 150 kilometers an hour. Damnit You and your metric system. Sorry, I don't know. Is that, I mean, that could be 11 miles an hour for all I know. I'm sorry. I'm very ignorant. I went a hundred. I could Go any other country. My cat can run 150 kilometers an hour.


93 miles per wait. 93 miles an hour. And what is that in kilometers? Yeah. Stop it. What? I just got us off that. Okay. Alright. Wait a minute. So 93 miles an hour on a bobsled. IIII don't understand what happens If you crash. You hang on for dear life. 'cause there's no seat belts Serious. Have you, have you, do you fall out? What happens? You can, If you don't hang on, you will fall out. Yeah, like it, it's kind of my first crash. I learned it real quick. I was doing a two man, so it doesn't go quite as fast. It gets to, I don't know what it is in miles per hour, but it gets to like 140 ish kilometers an hour.


And we crashed probably at the fastest point on the track in Whistler. And you feel it right away. It, it's like trying to kick you out. It's like almost like a bulge trying to kick you off. So you have to like, grab onto the frame and pull yourself back in and just try and stay in. The other thing is If you let yourself come out, you're usually scraping on ice. There's walls, so you might hit them. You're trying to get as low into the sled so that the sled takes it and not your body base. But Wait a minute, are you wearing any protection? There's a helmet and then we have what is called a burn vest. So to prevent any ice burn from like skidding on it, you have this like Kevlar vest. But other than that, it's just a speed suit.


Oh, Okay. Okay. I don't understand. It's not a ton. I don't understand how you're not killed. I, I'm being serious. I don't understand how if someone threw me at 93 miles an hour onto ice and I was just wearing a skin tight suit, which wouldn't look great by the way. And a helmet, there'd be an immediate funeral, just an immediate, no one, A doctor wouldn't even check on me. They would just, they would just put me in a box and have a funeral. You would just slide down the track into, into a coffin. A crowd of people. People dressed in black. Yeah. We would all wait, the coffin would be opened at one end and I'd slide right in and they'd say, well there we go. Ash, Ash does this and put me down. So I mean, have you ever been seriously hurt?


I haven't. There's been, I've been really fortunate. Our crashes, one was one looked violent. It wasn't that bad in it, but it looked really bad just because you're about halfway down. We crashed, we tipped over. And as you're going through all these turns going down, the sleds just doing its own thing. No one's controlling it. So when it goes up on a turn, it comes back down. Like as if it's coming down on your head. Yeah, you can kind of feel it, but you're just hanging on again, you're with your buddies so you're kind of like hanging on like, okay, let's hope we all don't fall out and get hurt here. But that's A pretty low key conversation you guys are having.


You're, it's 93 miles an hour. You're soaring through a, an ice tunnel out of control. Ah, kinda hope we don't get hurt here. Interesting. Is one of you reading the paper? Oh look, says you're the Oilers are in town. Our, I think like the last crash that we had, I, I was thinking like, my first thought was like, 'cause it was our first four man on the world cup together and I had like told my family all back home like, this is where you can watch it. Make sure you tune in. It's at this time. And like, first thing I was like, oh man, my mom is watching this and she is not gonna like this sport anymore. Oh no. Just 'cause that's all I was thinking the whole time.


I'm like, ah man, I need this to like end so I can pop out and just like give her a thumb. Show Her, show her that. You're all right. Quick question. Is there, my instinct would be I would want to be like the third person in a four person because if something went wrong, I would try to use the bodies in front and behind me. Buffer as a, as a buffer. As a shield. Is that, is is is that a, a sign of low character on my part? Like I, I would try to be positioned behind you so that I could steer you towards the ice and the rocks because, and your body is, I'm just being honest. And you seem like an your legs are too long. What? Your legs are too long though, to sit in the third. Oh, that's right.


Well I think the minute the crash starts, my legs would fall off. They'd say, oh look, two, two strands of denim spaghetti just fell out the back of the, excuse me. You're wearing denim. I'm wearing denim. Yeah. I'm not putting on this goddamn Kevlar. What do I look like? I'm a man. See up pure Canadian tuxedo. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. I, so I'm just being honest with you. I would try to use your body to absorb all the punishment. Well I was always, I was the third guy. So when you load Yes. You have like a routine. Yeah, I was the third guy. And I mean, in the crash, I, my, your instinct is to get as low as possible into the sled. So yeah, in fairness, I am trying to get lower than everyone else in that sled.


Yeah. You know what I would do? I would, I would build a little trap door in the sled so that I, there's like, and some steps so I could go downstairs into a tiny little room and read a novel during the crash. How big is your bobsled? It's a bigger bobsled. Yes. It's less aerodynamic. Yes. But in my insistence it has, when the crash starts, excuse me gents and I open a little door and then you hear footsteps going down some steps and then I shut it, it's a little cocoa and I read the third Harry Potter. I think it's Harry Potter and the the stone that's made of bones. And I'm in there with a little sweater and stuff and there's a little fireplace. No one's gonna wanna be on your team. Yeah. You don't know about Bob sledding like that? I Do.


Your Bob sled sounds more like one of those big like tall Yeah. Double bands. It's gonna tip over all the time. Oh Yeah. Okay. So suddenly you're, oh, so suddenly you're the expert. Devon, I think I know a little more about Bob Sled than you do having spoken to you and seen a photograph. Now what's the economics behind Bob Sledding? How do you guys, do you, do you need sponsorships? Do you, who's funding this? Does the Canadian government step in and throw some loonies at it? See what I did right there? So there That was a good reference.


That was a good Canadian, You know, I've been around, I've stayed at Martin Short's, B Lake Cottage, that's where I know all these things. Okay. So You know then, oh yeah, he's always saying you any loony on ya Conan. So that's where I picked it up. Yeah. So a lot of Olympic sports are pretty underfunded. Bob Slays certainly no different. The, we do get some support as of course. And we are obviously very grateful for it and, and any support that pe teams do get. Yeah. Like we're happy about it. But usually, especially the last few years it's been self-funded. Devon athletes needing to get, just ask him sponsorships. Just Ask him. Yeah. No. So the main reason I'm here is If you put your face just on a side of a sled, just give us some money.


We'll slap it on there. What I really get, if I, I could get some, You know, con O'Brien needs a friend, podcast sponsors. If I gave, if I threw some dough your way, I could get a little bit of a sponsorship. I could probably get you on a sled for sure. I could get you connected with the right people. Yeah, that would be. But What if it's one of those things, You know, when it's a grim subject, but if an airplane goes down Yeah. The company quickly covers the logo. Oh yeah. Have you noticed, have you ever found, do you ever hear about that? Oh God, come they, they like cover the logo of the plane because there's all this footage of, and they know and they're like, Hmm. Cover up that logo. The corporation, it looks bad for the Yeah. So I'm just saying they're gonna do that if they Win And the winner is, hold on, they're covering up something.


Devon is quickly spray painting over an image. Yeah. Yeah. That's something I, You know what I, You know, I have to, I have to talk to the people here that control the purse strings. Okay. You'd think that would be me, but it is not. I Assumed it was Jeff Ross Seems to control these things. He's a hard guy to get to. You know, he's a, he's a, You know what I mean? He's a, it's tough. It's tough to, You know how Jeff, he moves around so quickly. He's always darting from room to room. He's like an eel. Conan, when did this become the Jeff Ross podcast and Brown? Yeah. I like this guy Devon. Now I see what Devon's doing.


Yeah. He's getting me. Yeah. To say Jeff Ross doesn't run things, I'll pledge the money. Yeah. Right. Yeah. I think we have to look into this. Devon, who's the real boss around here? Write a check. Who wears the pants? Who wears the Pants? How much do you need, Devon? Whatever you wanna Give. Yeah. And, and do it is at this one. Yeah. Yeah. Do it in kilometers. Do you want it in Canadian dollar? Yeah. How many, If you Give us US funds, we really would be, would be thrilled. What's the difference between, what's the exchange right now between One Canadian dollar 69 US cents? Oh Course it that long. Wow. Okay. Wow. That's a little rough. That's a little rough.


Sorry. That's Bring Did you bring your dog to the podcast? Oh, That's a good one. A pretty good one. What's a good one? Yeah. Rough. Rough. What do you think that exchange rate? Pup roof. God, I'm killing over here with myself. You are just hydrating. Devon is hydrating. He has to. I know me too. He's, I mean you've, and also when you take a swig, it's the largest water bottle I've ever seen. There must be at least 95 Legger. Man, look at that thing. And he's a big guy. Imagine how big that thing Is. That's all the water I've had in my life. But he just lifted it up. How do you even get into Bob? You call it Bob slaying?


Bob Sled. Bob Slay. It's, It's the same tomato. Is it a Slay or Tomato? Tomato? Honestly. Oh, I call it Bob sled. I prefer it Bob Sled. It's 'cause you can use it in lots of different ways. Bob Slay is very singular. So Yeah, Bob Slay is If you use it to kill people. So, so I, okay, I have another question here and then we'll, we'll come back around to the money. I'll take care of the money. Don't you worry about that. What are you doing? You're the third. What is it you're doing in the Bob sled other than just hanging on for dear life? Are you shifting your weight at certain times? Are you, or I mean, who's steering the thing? Who's in charge of snacks? There's a, I wanna know Whats going on.


There's a guy in the very front that he, he steers it. I want no part of steering it. It seems like a lot of pressure. I just have to exist for like five seconds pushing it and then I hop in and just the rest of the blame can go to the guy at the front after that. So, So wait, so your contribution is pushing it and then jumping in and then hoping things go Well? Pretty much like you, you try and get in like, so when you get in, it's kind of like a, I call it like a meathead ballet. There's three big guys that are all trying to get in, moving as fast as they can. And then it's like quick and in. It's like If you see it, it's very orchestrated. It looks if the good, the teams that are good at it look very good when they do it.


So it's like you're very quick off the bunk and then in and down as low as you can. Wow. And then when you're back there, you don't wanna be shifting a bunch. 'cause If you got three guys shifting around in the back, the pilot will feel it. So you're trying to just kind of stay as still as you can. Wow. And stay as low as Possible. Stay very still stay very low. Yeah. Which that's interesting. I think I'd be trying to escape most of the time if I was in What is the, which country, just for example, would you say is, what's the country that's dominant in this sport? Germany is, is probably the most dominant and it for a while. I bet it's because they've designed some crazily, right? Insane bobsled. Yeah. Like Volkswagen. They genuinely do have what they're bobsleds at times.


I try. Thank you Mercedes. Like we try and take a look at 'em, but they look very sleek. They're very high tech. They're, have You ever checked it for an internal combustion engine? I mean, I, I'm sorry, I don't mean to impugn the Germans, but You know, they make BMWs and Porsches and everything. Have you checked to make sure PORs two. I said Volkswagen. I know. I don't know why I chose like You chose a Benz Mercedes. Have you ever checked to make sure that there's not an an eight cylinder beautiful BMW engine in there? And that's why they always win. Have you noticed that they go uphill sometimes for 20 minutes? I fear I'm making Parallel. I fear if I touched their, their sled, I would be Yeah, they probably wouldn't like fire.


Yeah. I don't know. I don't wanna know. I don't know Wanna know what happened with That. What color are that? What, what are they sponsored by? What's on their sled? DHL was a big sponsor. Oh, That makes sense. Yeah. He said not sure why and who, well, It's like you're shipping something somewhere. Sure. And it's gotta get There fast. Yeah, that's makes sense. Yeah. And you need four guys to wear tights and hug, hug each other while it's delivered. Who are your sponsors now or in the past? So the program has their own as far as like who we had last year, there's a lot of like local companies because it's not a, especially in Canada, it's not.


And, and like North America generally, it's not a well covered sport. Like you're not flipping through the channels and like, oh there's bobsled unless it's the Olympics. Yep. So all those other years, you're not gonna see the sport typically unless people direct you right to it. So it's not like a high coverage sport. You're typically not selling people that like tons of eyes are gonna get on the sled and see your logo. You're more or less selling a dream of, of what you're competing for, which everyone who joins the sport is, is joining to for the most part. Some people might not be, but almost everyone is joining to make the Olympics eventually. Okay. So that's what you're selling when you're selling it to people otherwise Yeah, you, you can try and do what you can for social media sponsorship and Gotcha.


And give shout outs and stuff. But otherwise the the coverage on it isn't super high. Well, I'm gonna tell you something. So You're not selling that part. If I can figure this out and if I do sponsor you guys, it's gonna work the other way. You're gonna start getting eyeballs because my face is on that bobsled. You see what I'm saying? Okay. It's not, oh, I hope people tune in and happen to see my face when my face is on that bobsled. You're gonna see viewership double, quadruple. Okay. And then the words that go higher, But It won't work for, like you can't, you're you're gonna sponsor them for now, but when they go to the Olympics, it's just gonna say Canada on it. Like are you Oh no, I'm gonna get past those rules. Okay. I I'm gonna, You know what I mean, gonna say Canada O'Brien. Yeah.


Yeah. Canada O'Brien and then just me and a Mounty hat. Yeah. Canada O'Brien needs a friend is what this letter will be called. Devon Canada. I'm, I'm proud to meet you Devon. Yeah. I'm proud to meet you and you seem like a fine fellow and I will, You know, we're gonna think this over, but there could be a future in this. Do You know what I mean? Thank you. Yeah, I I just, I would like to say I've been watching you since I was like nine. I used to watch, I used to like stay up late. Oh cool. And then I'd pretend to go to sleep and then I, I had this little like 15 inch TV in my room that I'd like quietly turn on when I was a kid and just like find the channel and watch it, You know, I used to watch it all the time and like, this is to see you now talking directly to me is very like, it's almost not about out of, out of body experience for me.


So. Well this is like quite literally a dream come true for me. Well, thank you Devon. Next is, yeah, Don't, don't mention anyone else. It hurts it, You know, Devon, I will say this. When I started way back in the day, my best fans were Canadians before Americans were liking me, Canadians, I, I think Canada put me on their TV guide like three years before America did because Okay, Canadians, I, I mean I revere Canadian comedy and Canadian comedians and SCTV and so you guys were always in my corner in the early days. And so the image of you, You know, sneaking some, some Conan O'Brien illegally makes me really happy.


And so this is nice. I'm glad I met you. I'm gonna talk to the money guys. We're gonna figure this out and I'm gonna start to get in shape because Perfect. Yes. I wanna be killed. You can, You can always, you can always take a ride on a bobsled. If you head to Whistler or Lake Plad, they have tours for you, so No, no, I'm going go check it out. I'm going with you or with no one, so it's you or no one. Alright. Hey Devon, very nice to meet you and I hope our paths crossed down the road. Okay. Awesome. Thank you very much. Take care man. Bye bye-Bye. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sian and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs.


Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer Aren Blair, associate talent producer Jennifer Samples, associate producers Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan.


Please rate review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan wherever fine podcasts are down.