
Sure we got blue jeans, baseball, bald eagles. But come on, there's really nothing as American as the burger, right? Mm. And there's nothing more burger than the Sonic Smasher. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, this thing is made to order. Hand smashed Angus beef patties seared to perfection with those incredible crispy edges that make you want to start a slow clap. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. That kind of slow clap where you're like, yeah, Sonic, you brought the Sonic Smasher. Then there's the layered melty cheese, crinkle cut pickles and onions too, on top of it all. Oh my mind splitting. Try the Sonic Smasher as a double, or why not? God forgive us all A triple. Make the Sonic Smasher your next new favorite burger. Live Free eat Sonic.


Have you met AllModern? Excuse me. Have you? I have not All modern. Who thinks making your home modern with fresh furniture and decor should be easy? Mm. Okay. That's why all modern's team of modern, obsessed experts, hand vets each designed for quality. And did we mention they offer fast and free shipping? I love free shipping. Isn't it the best? I do love it. Because sometimes you buy something you really like and they go, oh, one more thing. We can get it to you for $9 million. What? Yeah. Yeah. It's going on a camel anyway. But this means with all modern, you can update your home in days, not weeks, not months, not years. So whether you're updating your living room with a plush rug and sofa, renewing your bedroom with a clean line bed, or re-imagining your dining area with a durable new dining set, all modern has everything you need to bring your vision to life. From minimalist to Maximalist. Hmm. I've always wanted to say that. That's modern made for real life. Shop now at AllModern dot com.


Hi, my name is Carol Leifer, and I feel fresh about being Conan O'Brien's friend. Fresh new. It's fresh. It's new, it's fresh. Yes. Back to school ring the Hey there. Welcome to Conan O'Brien. Needs a friend and joined by two of my friends. My good friends.


Hi, contractually, Sona of Sesion. You don't have to. And Matt Gorley. Actually, it's, no, it's in the contracts. Oh, true. And I'm going through a little bit of a unusual moment right now, which is my wife is out of town and my and my kids are away. They're in school. I am living alone in the house with my two dogs and my daughter's cat and or our two dogs and my daughter's cat. And it's just becoming clear to me that I don't know very basic things like how to feed myself and I don't cook.


And, You know, lie, I just realized, and you can't use like a delivery app. Can you? Probably won. Well, You know what? I, in, in the past, I used to like call my son and say, can you get me a hamburger? And he would do it. I am using a delivery app, but I won't mention which one it is unless they give us some money. Yeah. But anyway, I Know which one. 'cause I get the email confirmation. You get The email confirmation. I do. You know what he's eating. So I I I, I try not to check. I wanna give you some privacy, but then I do anyway. And I What do you mean? Like, That's so weird. Eating. You know what I'm eating. I know, but have you noticed that lately? So I'm, I'm at home alone robbers. I'm at home alone.


Was Liza protecting you? She was Liza's a badass ninja. But I'm realizing like Liza is so, I mean, amazing in a lot of ways. But, but, but when you, I don't even notice it, but I come in the door and she just, she's cooking, she's, there's food, there's, or if we are ordering, she's ordered it. It's all, You know what I mean? It's just, yeah. And I've become, I've reverted back to when I was a comedy writer in the 1980s and I was com just on my own. And I would be coming. I, I just ate fast food. This is before delivery. Sometimes I wouldn't eat for a long time.


'cause I mean, I'm, I'm stupid. I I'm to a I'm a 19-year-old boy in a lot of ways. And Oh no. Yeah. I, I am. And so my wife is away for the time being. And I'm stunned that I'll, and I'm not joking. I, last night I was just hanging around the house. I had fed the, I can feed the dogs 'cause they have dogs. Okay, that's good. That's good. So I fed the dogs Nice. But not the cat took care of the cat. No, the cat can fend for itself. The cat has its own app. No, I, You know, I took care of the cat. The cat, everything's fine with them.


I can take care of them. And then I opened the refrigerator and because of the fires, all of, we're starting fresh with all our food. Like, You know, we, we weren't in our house for a long time and a lot of the food had to be thrown out. So there's very little in the refrigerator. And I opened the refrigerator and there's like two of like chocolate milk energy drinks. Ah. And I, I re I just had one of those and then tried to pretend that was dinner. Oh, come. And that was at like four o'clock in the afternoon. Oh no. And I was like, well, that should do it. And then a couple hours later I'm like, huh, I don't think that does it. And then I took some almond butter and I put it on a piece of bread.


And then I thought, I think Jelly goes with this, doesn't it? This is stuff five year olds know. And then I had that, but it wasn't even a sandwich. I just rolled one piece of bread into a taco and ate that standing up. I mean, it's just, God, I'm over 60 years old. I've had some accomplishments in my life. And then I went back and then I'm going through the app. Like I do know, and I'm looking at the app and there's just so many, so many choices. I don't know what to do. And then I start to think, well, there's one more of those energy drinks. The one I had before I get it. Yeah. And I had that again. So I had two energy drinks. Can you cook an anything?


No. Really? There's nothing. You're like, no. You know what I can do? I can do breakfast. Okay. So do you, when you wake up, you don't, you don't do breakfast? No, I can make breakfast. Yeah. A lot. I can make breakfast. Yes. Said dinner said three times. I can make, it's like your, your Honor, I wish to state that I can feed myself at breakfast lunch. Obviously can is a little easier. Oh boy. Did I do something? Okay. So yesterday, I stayed home yesterday. So I was at home the whole day myself. And I didn't have any breakfast. I don't know why. And again, I'm, I'm rattling around the house. I'm playing with the dogs. I'm walking them. And then I, I, I drove around in my pickup truck and I went and I parked on the street, and I'm walking down the street and I see an ewon.


And I go in and I wait in the line. And then I look at the smoothies and I panic and get the only smoothie I know, which is the Hailey Bieber smoothie. Yes. Made an appearance on this podcast. Yes. Before. Yes. And so I said, I didn't wanna say I'll have the Hailey Bieber. So I went, I'll have that raspberry one. And the guy was like the Hailey Bieber smoothie. And I went the raspberry one. And he went, you want the Hailey Bieber skin exfoliating? This is like when you have to buy tampons for your wife, the grocery source. Is that what you want? The one that makes your skin close so that Justin Bieber loves you even more. And I went, I'll just have the Raspberry one. Oh my God. And then he said, what name? And I was gonna about to use a different name.


And I went, Nope, don't do that. That's stupid. I just said, Conan. So then I wait near the thing, and then they went Kohan. Cohan. Oh. I'm like, I just, I just hoaxed the Oscars. It's Conan. And I want the Haley Bieber smoothie. They didn't get her name wrong. No. And it said Cohan, C-O-H-A-N on it. And then I went and I sat alone at this little table. And it's the most embarrassing looking smoothie you've ever seen because it's got little swirls of red. And then there's like a creamy swirl. And I sat there and I'm like, slurp, slurp, slurp, slurp. Why did you slip it there? Why? 'cause I panick and I sat and there's a big picture window and bang, bang, bang against the window.


And I look out and there's a, a guy, like a fan goes, gives me the big thumbs up, and I have the straw in my lips, and I'm going sch and I gave a thumbs up back slurp. And then another fan, bang, bang, bang, bang. Rp sch slurp. And I gave the Okay. Sign. They're all running home. I saw Conan eating the Hailey Bieber skin exfoliating. Oh wow. Nature giving ovulation smoothie to come home soon. I know. I mean, I swear to God, you're not gonna last it. Not gonna last. No. Please. Can someone, someone find out where I live and come into the house and cook for me. Yeah. We're just gonna bring you hay beans.


I know. But I'm gonna go get like a blood test. And they're gonna say, your body is just made, they're gonna look up and go from the microscope and go, have you been just living off of Hailey Bieber smoothies? Because I'm her doctor. And you have the exact same Yes. DNA makeup. Yeah. And your skin looks amazing, sir. You have breasts now you're leaving. I leave with a training bra. My lips are all plump. Suddenly people are saying you should model. All right. My guest today is a hilarious comedian. Oh my God. And writer. I hope she can cook for me. And now I'm just gonna start booking people who I hope will cook for me, who has worked on such shows as Seinfeld Hacks And Curb Your Enthusiasm.


Good God. She's worked on so many great shows. Now she has a new book, how to Write A Funny Speech for a Wedding Bar Mitzvah Graduation and every other event you didn't want to go to in the first place. Thrilled. She's here today. Carol Leifer. Welcome. We have crossed paths many times, but never had a chance to sit down. And this is a treat for me because I've wanted to talk to you. And this is our opportunity right now. It is. Because we've worked side by side. We just did the Oscars together. Yes. You are a writer on the Oscars. I was hosting the Oscars, and yet there's all this running around and we keep passing each other in the hallway.


So it's nice to sit down because you have, in my opinion, one of the best careers of any comedy writer I can imagine. Wow. Hi Chris. Yes. I mean, think about it. Think about this. I'm explaining it to you as if you've lost your memory in an accident. I'm a doctor that's come in and I'm telling you, your name is Carol Leifer. You've written on Seinfeld Hacks, curb Your Enthusiasm, modern Family Saturday Night Live, the Larry Sanders show and 10 Academy Award shows. Geez. Yes. That's insanity. Yeah. Oh, And you're leaving out the Colgate Comedy Hour. Yes. You killed it in 1952. Thank you. Thank you very much. You, you were a fetus when you wrote for that show.


There's so much to talk about because there's the world of comedy writing. But what I wanna start with is, you come from the world of standup 1970s, and I've talked to people like Suzy Asman about what it was like in those early days to be a woman who's trying to do standup comedy in the 1970s. Yes. It was, I would guess not easy, not an easy thing to crack. You know what, it was actually quite the opposite because there were not many women. And I always thought that was a tremendous advantage. Hmm. Because You know, I always talk about the seventies standup.


They were looking for comedians. Right. But it's really true. So when I started, there were like four or five women comics. You know, Rita Rudner was of my generation, and they wanted women comics. And I always felt I got so much support from the guy comics. I mean Oh good. Yeah. Good. A lot of people thought it was a little rough and tumble and all that. But I got so much support. So I found it to be advantage. I mean, what was obnoxious was way back then. They wouldn't put on two women following each other. It was like, it had to be separated. Like we'll have the singer, then the ventriloquist, then a woman, then the monkey act, then maybe another woman.


You're a novelty. It's like, yeah. It's like someone who can separate both shoulders, You know? Right. The contortionist, then a woman. Yeah. Another oddity that represents 50% of the population and is responsible for the continuation of our species. Right. One of those things. It's so Weird. I could follow a bearded woman. Yes. Like, Not a record. I've been mistaken for a bearded women at times. It's so interesting to me because you, you get started in this time. And the thing that always fascinates me is what's the impetus? What makes Carol Leifer as a young woman decide I'm, I'm going to go swim upstream against the current and get into this profession.


I mean, it's, it's strange enough in those days when man decides to do it. Yeah. But what, where did you come from? What made you wanna do this? Well, I think, You know, as always wanting to be a performer, You know, it's like most people's greatest fear is speaking in front of large groups of people. Most performers fear. Fear is not speaking in front of people. Right, right. You know what I mean? You had it in you, you were, you were, yes. You wanted to be in front of those people. I did. I did. And what I liked about standup was anybody can do it. You know, I was going to school at Binghamton, Paul Riser was in my theater group, and he told me, You know, like one day, You know, during the summers I go to these comedy clubs and on audition night and I perform, and comedy clubs were so new to them, You know, so when he was talking about clubs, I was like, this guy goes to clubs.


What is he like? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Performing at these places. He was like, anybody can go on. So I always loved that about it. And I still love that about standup. It's like, you wanna go on, it's not like an actor where you have to audition and, You know. Right. Or a musician where you need to have your tuba with you. Yes. You, you can just walk in, you can be somewhere. You can go up and you can do a set. Exactly. And the first time I went on, on my first audition, I, I, You know, it's also something about being young and having a lot of balls Yeah. That you don't have later on in life. You have more to lose later in life. Yes. I've noticed. Yes. That I, I completely agree with what you're saying.


There's a period in my life where I had a $380 a month apartment. I had a a a, a beat up 1973 Plymouth Valiant. And I'd do anything, I'd do anything. I sold my body for sex and enjoyed it and often would Yeah. Win-win. Yeah. Okay. I wouldn't even take the money afterwards, but yes, I know exactly what you're Talking about. Yeah. So I went on audition night, my first audition night, I like killed. It was amazing. And I thought like, oh my God, this is not only so great, it's so easy. Like I'll be on Johnny Carson next week is amazing. It wasn't until the second time that I went on that I completely bombed, like, so bad that I invited friends from college to come see me.


'cause I was like, oh, You know, I'm doing great and you can act. And I had a tape recorder on the table, and you can actually hear my friend in the middle of my set going, oh, Oh man. Oh Man. Muttering how horrible it was going over. So then I saw like, to be a standup comedian and take some work. You have good nights, you have bad nights, there are a lot of factors that go into it. Who you follow, what time of the night you go on. Yes. How inebriated the crowd is. So you have to learn to negotiate all That. You talked about Carson, I know your real break came with Letterman.


Yeah. Letterman's show, which was, You know, such an influence on me. I think I'm 17 or 18 when he does the morning show and then switch. He does switches over to the late night show. So I'm maybe 19 years old. Yeah. When he starts the late night show. And comedy is my religion as a 19-year-old. Right. And so I become a total acolyte and, and I'm looking at David Letterman saying, oh, this person's showing me the way he would You knew Dave. I Didn't You didn't know Dave. No, no. In 1980 kids, I was in a contest called the big, the New York Laugh Off. And it was a contest, You know, of comedians, You know, and that's so funny to me today.


It's like, back then that's how you got exposure. You were in contests, You know? Right, right. And it aired on Showtime and Letterman saw that and recommended me to Theni show for that. Okay. And then the Tonight Show saw my big laugh offset and they passed. Yeah. So then when Dave got his show, they just reached out and said, would you like to be on? And he put you on a bunch of times. Yeah. It was on 25 times. Wow. Oh yeah. Yeah. And they gave me an open door. It was like, whenever you have a new set come on. Which was amazing. It is such an interesting thing. There's such a, almost like a lemmings or sheep kind of mentality where people don't think you're the real McCoy.


But once you've been on a show and there's tape of you and there's a famous host saying, ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Carol Leifer. Suddenly Yes. They're like, oh, right. Yeah. You're one of them. Well, you, you were one of them before you just, it's a magical thing. Yeah. And, but Not really until you go on tv. I mean, to this day, my first appearance on Letterman is like one of my, the best days of my life. Yeah. Because like suddenly you are not just, You know, kind of in it. You are really in it. Yeah. Yeah. Also, it was a different era than today. I mean, I, I talk about this a lot and when I talk about it to my kids, I sound like an old wizard telling people about the beginning of how earth formed.


Right. But It was so different that my dad bought a VCR to tape me. You know, at the time it was like a thousand dollars. Oh Wow. Right, right. Well they were made of gold. That's the only one. VCRs were all gold. They're made by Rolex. Then they went, got into the watch business. But, but one of the things that was interesting too is I've talked to people from that era, You know, ahead of you. But they were like, You know, Steve Martin or comedians of that generation, they would say they would go on Johnny Carson show and the next day they would walk down the street and cart people were shouting out of cars because Yes. Half the country watched. Do You know, it was the equivalent of being on the Super Bowl.


Except it happened every night. Yeah. Because there was literally one late night show. And I remember when there was, You know, there's, there's Carson and then Letterman after Carson. And occasionally there'd be another show that they would put up, but it wouldn't last that long. Yeah. Who was Merv Griffin during the day? Yeah, Merv Griffin. Yeah. Yeah. During the daytime. But who was watching TV during the daytime? I wasn't. So to me it was, if something happened, I mean, I remembered when David burnt for the Talking Heads. Dave Letterman interviewed David Byrne and everybody I talked to the next day, because we were all in college. Right. We had all seen it. Yeah. It was a time when we were all gathered around the same campfire.


There was a magic to that. Yeah. And, You know, which gave you this legitimacy and power. Right. The Freddie Prince story, he did, I think like one appearance and then he got like Chico and the man the next day. Yeah. Got his own series. Right, Right. Yeah. It was, and he was very young. He was like 20 or 19 or 20. Yeah. Yeah. But it was definitely like a star maker. Yes. I know that you have a successful standup career, but then you have this pedigree as a writer, which is just off the charts. When when do you start to realize, okay, I love standup, I love doing standup, but I wanna be in that room. I wanna be in the writer's room. Well, I got my break to write on SNL.


This is What year? What year would that be? 85 to 86. Okay. What is affectionately or dis affectionately called the weird year. Yeah, yeah. You know, with the Strange cast, Robert Downey Jr. Randy Quaid, but Al Frank Anthony. Anthony Michael Hall. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Al Franken and Jim Downey came to the comic strip to audition comics. And they saw me and they said, would you like to, You know, we'd like you and we'd like to see If you wanna write on the show. I was like, absolutely. They said, oh, you just have to meet Lauren. So I was like, all set for this meeting and had my, all my answers prepared, You know, for like a serious sit down business meeting.


It was literally, he was auditioning people. Lauren, at this rehearsal space, he came out for two seconds and he said to me, oh, I don't do a good Lauren. You know Jim. And I'll say, you're very good. And You know, sometimes you have to stay up late at the show. I was like, yeah. He went, okay, thanks. That was my big interview. Wow. But you passed? I guess so. Yeah. Yeah. Like if I had said, I really don't like staying up, I like To be in bed by eight o'clock. Yeah. That's gonna interfere with my routine. Yeah. And so I wrote that year and I really enjoyed it, but I really wanted to go back to standup. So I did.


But then strangely, out of the blue in 93, Larry, David and Jerry Seinfeld called me together. So I knew at that time there was something odd about that, because I would talk to each of them separately on a landline. But calling me together seemed weird. They were in one spot, You know, it's like a prank. Yeah. And they were like, You know, do you wanna ride for Seinfeld? And I was like, yeah, yeah. You know, it was great because my inexperience is the thing that got me the job because they, You know, didn't want people who'd written on sitcoms before because as Larry referred to it, You know, they were poisoned by the system.


Bla.


I understand you're taking a trip pretty soon. Where are you going? I'm going to the mountains. I'm going to Idlewild. Ooh. The mayor's a dog. Did You know that? Okay, mayor Max. Sorry way too much information. It's Mayor Max. He's a Dog. Yeah. That's okay. Well, that's nice. You're gonna ile wild. It's great. And You know what I'm thinking about hosting an Airbnb while I'm gone to help offset some of the cost of the Trip. That's smart. Hosting is a Pretty cool and unique way to make some money back. That's right. And people can stay in my awesome apartment, which is full of great comic books. I have a lot of cool figurines. It's really a, it's a great place to stay also. Oh boy. Have you seen the movie 40-year-old Virgin? No. I should check it out sometime. Okay. Sounds sounds fun. But You know what? It it, You know, if you've got 20, 25 goals of like travel and stuff like that, this would fit very nicely into those goals. Which is using Airbnb. That's right. Exactly. Because it's more relaxing to take a trip when You know that you're making some cash on the other end. Exactly. And it might make you a little more, I don't know, prone to spend a little more on your trip on yourself. That's right. Because You know that you're being responsible. That's right. So don't leave money on the table when you travel. Your home might be worth more than you think it is. Find out how much at Airbnb dot com slash host.


People ask me a lot about Genius. I don know why I don dunno what it's about. Me. A real genius always seeks out the nerds. That's the common thing as nerds. I mean, this is why I go to you all the time, David, thank you. Seriously. 'cause You know how to like, do things on the, on the phone and order things online. I, I, I don't know that world. It's usually simple stuff. You can't Yeah. Make tea. Yeah. NerdWallet. That's what I'm talking about. NerdWallet's gonna find the right credit card or auto insurance for you in minutes. Their team of nerds has done the research. So you don't have to just answer a few simple questions and you'll be matched with the right financial product for you. That's great. They have only nerds working there. Let's, every now and then a jock will try and apply. Oh. And they say, go no further. You are banished from our realm. I Feel like you would thrive working for That. Yes. I would Go to nerdwallet.com to finance smarter today. After all, letting NerdWallet do the work is more than smart. It's genius terms and conditions. Apply credit product subject to lender approval. See nerdwallet.com for details.


Ls The all new Nissan Armada Pro. Four X is an unshakeable fortress powered by a twin Turbo V six engine. Yeah. Ready to propel your adventures to new heights. Yeah. Your voice changes when you do a car act. I'm trying to, I'm trying to become Will Arnett. Oh, okay. But I can't do it. He's like, oh, new Nissan Armada Pro Fourex. No, listen, I'm gonna, I'm gonna explain this car to you. 'cause this car is fantastic. It's Max 8,500 pound towing capacity has the power to haul all your favorite toys on your next big adventure. You could steal the Statue of Liberty with this. It's incredible. I'm not saying do that. I'm just saying this thing that's a lot of Holland power. Nobody gets left behind with the Armada Pro Four X's Premium interior that seats up to eight passengers. That's crazy. I don't know. Eight people going big. Never goes outta style. No. Terrain is too tough for the all new Nissan Armada Pro four x the most capable armada ever built. Built for the most rugged of terrain. The all new Nissan Armada Pro. Four X gives you freedom to explore further.


What was your first writing job? It was not necessarily the news. Oh, wow. And woman named Pat Lee gave me who I love her. Yes. Yeah. She, she hired Greg and I, we got, got us into the Guild. It was our first show. And we worked like maniacs. And I have such clear memories and I'm always passing Sunset Goer Studios. And I always have the same flashback to Greg and I. We took a overnight flight. It was cheap. It was, I think called People Express where you could like fly. I remember that. Do you, do you remember people, people just that name People express the airline of China. Yeah. People, people Express was a life poultry. Literally you could, for like $40 you could fly across the country.


I mean, something insane. And obviously it was a whole other world before nine 11. You, I mean, you just would buy your ticket at the counter. You'd get on the plane. No frills. We flew overnight. I remember my writing partner, Greg Daniels, put a blanket over his head to try and go to sleep. 'cause the seats didn't go back. So he was sitting upright. He looked like a, a bad kid's ghost sitting next to me. And we landed, we got this really cheap rental car, and we drove to Sunset Goer Studios and walked in and said, we're here to work for television. I have acne. And that's where it started. But it was a show that at least had, it was pre tapes and it wasn't, we weren't writing four characters.


And it wasn't all these shows that I really despised. Yeah. It was, it was sketch comedy that I thought, okay, this is, this is respectable. We can do this with an eye towards hoping to get a job with Letterman, which didn't work out. Oh. But, but it was So you get this call Yeah. And to work for Seinfeld. And you write an episode that coincidentally I've been, we were displaced by the fire. Our house is Okay. Yeah. But they, it has to be Desmo de Detoxed. And so my wife and I have been living in this little apartment kind of rental apartment with a kitchenette at the hotel. And you're at the Oakwood, aren't you?


Yeah. Yeah. Great. A great place to meet a single pregnant woman who's going through a bad divorce. But every night we don't have our regular television. We just, You know, we don't have Apple TV or Max or so we're just thumbing through and we always land on Seinfeld. Oh, nice. And we watch Seinfeld. And I watched your Rye episode. Ah, yes. Marble Rye. Three nights. Three nights ago. I watched the Marble Rye episode. Wow. Remembered that you had written that episode, which is one of my favorites. Oh, Thank you. If you don't recall, I think it's George's fiance. George is going, George Costanza is going over to eat with the fiance, and he brings his parents who of course humiliate him.


Yes. You know. Yes. The great Jerry Stiller and the actress, I can't remember the actress's name, who plays Elle Harris. Estelle Harris. And they come over and they're just, they bring a marble rye. And then they notice that these waspy parents of their future in-law don't eat the marble rye. So Jerry Stiller takes it back, and then that couple realizes, the waspy couple realizes that the marble rye has been taken back. And they're, they're enraged. And then the whole episode is about how do we get the ride back into the apartment, which is a great, great idea for an episode. Where did you get that idea? It was crazy because, You know, a lot of times people come up to you when you ride on a hitch show like that and they're like, something really funny happened to me.


And you're like, oh boy, here we go. You know? And it's like, Betty's egg salad was in the fridge at work and somebody took, You know, and it's like, oh boy, here we go. But a friend of mine from high school was like, I had the funniest thing happen. This couple came over and brought a bread. We didn't put it out and they wanted to take it back. And I knew when I went in to Larry's office, Larry and Jerry, you would pitch to them one-on-one. If Larry liked an idea, he would get so ecstatic. Yeah. You know what I mean? When I pitched that, he was like, I love it. I love it. We're doing that. Yeah. That we're doing that. And he would be like that about certain ideas.


You know, like Elaine thinks the Korean manicurist are talking about her behind her back in Korean. Like Yes. Yes. You know, He could just, he knew it's like he had a divining ride. Like Yes, there's water there. I know. There's water there. Yeah, Exactly. You know, conversely, If you pitched, and this was a lot of times ideas that he, they didn't like, he would kind of do this thing with his arm and go Yeah. And I don't know, that's Called angina. He was Having a heart attack. Yeah. You know, or he would, You know, the biggest putdown was I could, I could see that on another show and it'd be like, oh. But, and then when you have an idea like you like, like that, in thinking about it, I was also thinking about Kramer and loving Costco, because I loved Costco.


Still do. Yeah. You can get so much of Something. Yes. Yes. And that he bought so much beef, Ron. Yeah. That he started feeding it to his handsome cab horse. Yes. Which eventually gave him a lot of flatulence. Yes. Yes. Ruining the night out for this, this waspy couple. By the way, there's a lot of genius behind the show Seinfeld. But I always thought the casting was impeccable. Not just of the main characters, but of the smaller characters. And I went out of my way because every time George's fiance's parents are on the show, they're spectacular. They are. So I look them up, it's Grace Za Brist and Warren Frost.


Yeah. And I just wanted to give a shout out to the universe. There are two of the there that the, the character acting they do on that episode on and, and other episodes as well. The one where the cabin burns down is they're impeccable. Yeah. They're fantastic. Really, Really great. Like, who, You know, just unbelievable. Yeah. The guest casting was amazing. And what was great about then them as Bosses for the Writers was you could be involved in every step of the process. You know, you are involved in casting and You know, now that I work on shows, people send in tapes, which is horrible, You know?


So great. When people would walk in the room and they go, Hey, where's the hot seat? You know? And they'd sit down and you get a vibe off of them. And you could also see how nervous they were in front of people. Yeah. Instead of self taping at home. But you'd be part of the casting, you'd be part of everything. So editing and all that. And a lot of times writers don't have that opportunity Yes. On shows. So that was really great. And to cast these smaller roles and people that just took off, You know? Yeah. And even like the regulars, like, like the tennis episode I did with Morley Matlin, the lip breeder. Yeah. You know, it was like, what are the four stories gonna be? You know?


And You know, for Kramer, for that, you have a tennis episode. Well, he's gotta be a ball boy. Yeah. And then, You know, that's gonna be funny. You know, we called him the ball man, and then, You know, he was rehearsing, You know, Michael would rehearse these physical things over and over. People just thought he just did it automatically. He would really rehearse it. And, You know, he just rehearsed as a ballman the entire week. You work on a show like that, I think it's an immersive experience. I thought I've said the same thing about Saturday Night Live, where you're not just a writer. There's the old idea of the writers are off in a separate building. Yeah. And it's, there's no light.


The shades are drawn. They're just in there coming up with this, and they're, they're treated sort of with contempt. And then the scripts come out and then the director, the producers, the actors make it. And no one ever goes near the writer's building. And I always thought a great gift that Lauren gave all of us was, even If you had only been working there for a week, and it sounds like the same thing that, that Larry and Jerry would do, which is no, you're in, you're in charge of everything if it's your sketch. Yeah. Or if it's your episode. Right. You're in on the whole thing, which opens you to the world of casting props. When should we see things? How should we see things? Maybe go talk to the director. Yeah. Make sure you don't cross any lines.


Do it tactfully, but you're in charge of the whole thing because it's your baby. Yeah. And that invests you with great sense of responsibility. You try so much harder. Exactly. Because also, You know, your ass is on the line Yeah. If something goes off. So you do have that sense of responsibility with an episode, which is great. I, You know, the saddest thing to me is that I'm a big collector. So I took the, we couldn't use Beef eroni for some reason. It's Beef reno. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. They made us change the name. So I had the can that the prop guy came up with for beef reno, and I had it in my apartment on Flores in West Hollywood.


And then when I moved, I forgot to take it, You know, move it away. And the guys thought it was just an empty can and they tossed it. Oh. Oh, see? I know. Yeah. It's, I mean, it's, it's The fact that I'm here today. I mean, It, it's not the snow globe from Citizen Kane, but it's close. The beef furino can, You know, someone's gonna find it. I know it's gonna go. Yeah, that's right. It's long after you and I are gone. Yes. Right. Someone's gonna find, it's gonna be auctioned off for like $600,000. Oh, Come on. More than that. Okay. All right. I mean, it's the future. We'll, we'll you're right. Before we move on to other shows you've worked on, I have to ask you, I know that you, you were the comedian who opened for Frank Sinatra.


Yes. Have to ask you about that. Yeah. I mean, and this is 1989. Yeah. So I, I must know. Crazy, crazy story. All right. So in 1989, I'm getting some gigs. Things are good. I run into this agent who's supposed to be, You know, big time at the time. He's like, You know, Carol, I think you could be doing even better. Why don't you come to my office, write down the geeks you have, have had, and how much you got and we'll go over it. Alright. So I wrote them down, I came to his office and right away looking at the list, he was like, you got this at Sir Laugh a lots.


Oh, that's a joke. You know, you got, you made this much at the Chuckle Hut. No, that's pathetic. So he said Great names though. So he said, why don't you, You know, sign with me. I was like, okay, great. So we start working together and if things are, You know, time is passing by. I'm literally working at ground round restaurants doing comedy nights there. Yeah. Where you can't even be heard because people are the, the sound of peanut shells crunching on the floor. Yeah. You could not even get over it as, so I would call him and go, what? What's going on? Where are these big kids?


He was like, I'm working on Frank. Yeah. And I'm, at this point, I'm like opening for like Frank Stallone. Who are you talking about? What? Oh, you could only dream of opening for Frank Stallone. So then I work on a cruise ship and I get a phone call Now, You know, If you got a phone call on a cruise ship in 1989, somebody died. Yep. Or your place is on fire. And it was the agent. And he said, you're gonna open for Franks Sinatra B'S in Las Vegas, four shows. And I, he, he apparently knew GI Rizzo. Yeah. Who was Frank's guy. Yeah. And so I got the gig and I called my friend Larry Miller because he had opened for Frank.


Yeah. Just to get some, I worked with Larry years ago. Yeah. He's amazing. Yeah. To get some tips. 'cause I was a little nervous. And he said, oh, they're gonna love you. You know, it's, it's a great gig. His audience is great. And it was an amazing, it's, it's still today the, the top of my career showbiz experience. But walk me through, you go out. Yeah. Is there any, what's the inner, is there interaction with Frank? Yes, there was. Is it after? Is there, you do the, you do your set and I do my set. But I learned something very important as a comedian with that gig because I was a little nervous about going out there. I went out and I said, oh, I'm so happy that Mr. Sinatra asked me to join him here at Bally's.


And then the audience was like, oh, okay. She's Frank's girl. All right. Yeah. Yeah. So that helped my set a lot. Yes. So I do my time. 15 minutes, You know, they had the clocks in Vegas on the stage floor where you had you, you gotta keep it at 15. And then Sinatra would come out and he'd bring me back for a bow. Oh. But he said some cryptic things sometimes. Like one time he said, that was Carol Leifer. I wish my mother had been that funny. It wouldn't have had to work so hard. The Summer breeze came rushing in from across the singing. Yeah. And then another time he brought me out, he says that, that was Carol Leifer.


She's big. She'll knock you over for the phone. What? Well, to be honest, I talk like that now and the podcast just seems to still be doing well. So, and people just think I'm, oh, that's Conan with another one of his funny gags. I'm going downhill fast. It's, I mean, that's, that's real show business. Yes. That's old time classic show business opening for Frank getting called out for about Yes. But what are gentlemen? I mean, I have friends from that time who opened for people in Vegas who would not even bring them back out. You know, I, I would tell you the names of the acts, but I really shouldn't.


But some of them are very supreme. Ah, Nice. The clothing brand Supreme. Wow. The, the pizza. The Burrito Supreme. The Burrito Supreme. Yes. Okay. Okay. Yes. The, the, I was gonna pay you a compliment, and I've said this to the producers of hacks, and I've said this to the stars of hacks that I have found it to be one of the more accurate Yes. Representations of the comedy process. Yep. We all know that there have been many times where people have tried to capture what it's like to be sitting around thinking of funny ideas and it's never Right. No, it's never Right.


Pax is the closest I've seen when they're riffing off of each other. Yeah. When, when Hannah and Gene Smart are riffing off of each other or going at each other, that it feels to me like, oh, people that n that write comedy Yeah. Are accurately portraying what it's like to try and come up with stuff. I mean, do you remember that movie Punchline? Yes. I was gonna where Right. Standups all have their own locker. Yes. Right. Exactly. Yeah. No, it's, when I saw the show for the first time, also, Jean is the first actor I've seen who is convincing as a standup. Yeah.


I mean, completely. Because there are so many actors who've tried it. And you can just sense something is off. But she goes out there when she does her standup on the show, and you totally buy that. She's Debra Vance. Yeah. The comedian. Yeah. Yeah. The episode where she fills in for the late night host at the last minute Yeah. And really scores. And at the end of the night, everyone's leaving and she's running her hands over the desk. Mm. I don't tear up at anything, anything. Wow. I start to tear up and my, I'm on a flight and my wife is looking at me and she thinks I'm watching a dog get put down or something, and I show her what I'm watching. And I just said, I know.


That completely caught me by surprise. Right. Especially, it really got for you. Yeah. It really got me that feeling of I love being behind this desk and this, I think I finally found, I'm like a snail that finally found his little shell. Yeah. This is, this is my home that killed me. Yeah. Absolutely. Killed me. And, but I, I salute you. I mean, the, the writing, I mean, I got to, I got to the privilege of doing an episode of Curb, one of the last episodes, and it was really fun. It was there. I know I was saying I would, in between takes, I'd go and we would chat in between takes. And it was so funny because my experience was Larry's the same.


It's not like Anne Cut and Larry drops it. If you go get a bite to eat with Larry, or Larry's been over to my house at a Christmas party and he is like, you ever noticed it? And he's doing the same stuff and he's being the same guy and and you think I'm just waiting for the He is the same person. He's the same. Yes. So he actually just built a show around who he is. Exactly. And he's always, he's always Larry David. Like I asked him when I got married, if he would do a speech, and of course he was like, yeah, KA You know, ruined my golf game that day.


Yeah. No, I can't do it. Yeah. You know, it's so Larry David. Yeah. I've noticed, one thing I've noticed about him is if he's really laughing his Yes. His teeth move, but his jaw doesn't in a weird way. So he'd be going like, ha and he's not doing a bit No, it's like a little Jerry Mahoney dog. Yeah. It's like a little, it's like a little ventriloquist stall. Like, and I'm, well, the first time I saw him do it, I thought, is he making fun of me? No. That's how he laughs It is. And he was making fun of me. Yeah. But he does have a great laugh, doesn't he? Great laugh. Yeah. When you make him laugh, there is no better feeling in the world. Yes. It's a very nice thing. I'll experience it one day. Do you?


And you were great on the show. Oh, thank you. Yes. Yeah, I had a lot of fun. I like, whenever there's an opportunity for me to be doing the episode of Curb, I, I looked over the script and I realized, oh, I see what this is. The assignment is, 'cause there's a lot of improvising too. Yeah. Whatever Larry wants, make sure he doesn't get it, is really the, and that is the essence of Curb, which is a lot of times he wants something. Is it okay if I just, and someone will say like, well, no, actually it's, it's two per customer and that would be a third. Just deny him the thing that he wants. Don't give him what he wants. So with me it was just, is it okay if I can we hang out and I'm like, you don't have clearance.


Don't give it to him. Yeah. And anything he would then they were just riffing and he's asking me about my dog and shut down everything he wants. Just be a dick. Yeah, exactly. And who knew I could be a dick? Hey. Right. So, yeah. Yeah. It's called acting. You were Being method all these years, Right? You were preparing for this role? I was preparing for this role of Conan O'Brien, which I think I I did really well. I wanna bring up that's Also, oh, sorry. Oh, go ahead. Go ahead. He's genius that he would take things like he and Larry from Seinfeld. They always loved real life ideas and Larry loved it on Curb. So when I pitched to him this true story that I had this great fold up umbrella that I loved, like it just opened perfectly and closed.


And I just, and then I lost it and I thought I lost it. It was from the Omni Dallas Hotel and I thought I left it at a Japanese restaurant. So of course I went back and the owner was like, You know, I was like, have you seen a, You know, a black fold up umbrella? It is like, yeah, I have 3000 of the back here. Yeah. But mine says Omni Dallas. And it was like, no, we don't have that. But the genius of Larry David is he creates that he's in a fight Yep. With the owner of the Japanese restaurant, so that not only can he not get the umbrella back, but then it becomes also about, well it's really the Omni Dallas' umbrella, so why should I give it back to you?


So he takes it like six steps forward. Yes. Yes. Which is Brilliant. It's so oppositional. Everyone's opposed to him and he's opposed to everyone. Yes. In the universe. And it's, I think one of the things that's magic about the show, and also you can see how much of it is the George Costanza character Yes. And Seinfeld Yes. Is constantly creating his own misery in this particular way, separate from the other characters. He's creating his own misery constantly. Which is very Larry. Yeah, Exactly. And he really latches on to small things. Like the first time I went to Pitch for Curb, I went in and my first idea was when you're a funny person, a comedian, and a regular person, you tell something funny, say something funny, and someone goes, but Umum Yeah.


To it how much you hate that. Yeah. You know, it's so insulting. And Larry Immediate was like, yes, yes. I like that. You know? Yeah. So, so we use That. To me it's like If you came up with a comedy idea and someone would go like, yeah, that's cute. That, that, that was like being shot in the groin and not in a good way. I wanna make sure that I, I talk about this 'cause you've written a book Yeah. Which would could be of help to people. Which is how to write a funny speech you say for a wedding Bar mitzvah graduation in every other event you didn't want to go to in the first place. Yes. And Forward is by none other than Carol Burnett.


Yes. How did you pull that off, Carol Burnett? Well, You know, I've written for Carol, I wrote for her 50th anniversary show her 90th birthday special. And so I've got to know her casually. Yeah. And she's amazing. She's a magical person. Oh my God. Isn't she? So I reached out to her and I said, You know, I have this book and If you wouldd be kind enough to write the forward, and of course approaching somebody like that, I'm always with, but If you can't do it, I totally understand. No problem, no Harm Noval. And she was like, yeah, send me the book. So this is on a Friday. Okay. Sunday she calls me, she goes, I read the book.


I loved it. I'm happy to write the forward. I mean, who, who does That Would not be me. What is this about again, Conan, we've talked seven times. No, it's really lovely that you, that you got her to do it. And the advice in here is very smart. Good advice for people. I think about how to be funny if you're gonna give a speech, the most important is length. Yes. And I can't tell you how many times I have witnessed someone, they get their laugh. Yeah. And you're like, good, good. And then they keep going. Right? And you're like, no, We're talking you. Adrian Brody Just witnessed that on the, I was backstage at the Oscars and I so wanted to, I thought it's late in the day, don't be a dick.


So wanted to go out there and say, you thought you thought brutalist was long. Would've been such a, it was just such a softball hanging there. And I thought, ah, how, yeah. How close were you to do? Very close. I could see were you or I was For a second I almost said that speech needed an intermission. But then I thought, oh, I'm gonna see him in a minute and don't he'll get the his his payback's coming. Yeah. From the world. People telling him for the rest of his life. Why, why, But what you said, You know, many people get up and tell a speech, do a speech, and they don't say who they are. They just start talking about the person.


And you're sitting there three minutes in going, is this his aunt? Is this a teacher? Who is this to this person? I mean Right. It's just important to get up there and go, hi, I'm Ann Betty and I've known so and so since they were born, You know? Yeah. Yeah. Just something as simple as that Gives you a connection. Yeah. I always get up if I'm giving a speech and say, I was this person's lover. It's often not true, but it just gets you right away. That is a great opening line. Yeah. We were lovers. It was a very sexual and sensual relationship. And, but I mean, I've noticed something that a lot of people, it's a whole generational thing they read off their phone.


Yeah. Which I find a little offput. I don't like it either. I don't like it either. And I've seen people do it at, at, I mean, serious big, like there's a casket there. Yeah. And someone's like, well my father and they're, wait a minute, I'm getting a text. Yeah. It's weird. It Is weird. You know, part of the advice we give in the book, you can't, you don't have to memorize it, You know, just If you have a card, have some bullet points. Yes. But also, You know, practice it in front of someone who's gonna be at the event that knows the person. That's a good idea too. But reading is, yeah, that's a big turnoff. Also leave room space, like have ideas of what you wanna say, but leave space for what's happened in the last 10 minutes.


So that I I was, I'm looking around for, okay. I think I know what I'm gonna do. But if a coffee urn exploded two minutes ago Yes. That's don't just lock into Nope. This is what I wrote last night. Make room for the coffee urn. Yeah. Be in the moment. Be in the moment. And, and, and people react to that. Yeah. So beautifully. They humans know when something real is happening. I don't know how they, I like humans, these humans I've encountered in my time here on earth. But they do, they know when something organic is happening and they can also sense when it's not. Yeah, absolutely. We have a lot of jokes in there.


Jokes to steal Yep. For the events. But the beginning, middle, and end, it's really not all that difficult. Yeah. Yeah. People can make it harder than it actually is. Yeah. And, and look at it, it's handy. Right. Small. It's not a giant tome. It's not a tome. No. This is not a tor this is not a Torah. What's the stick that you read with Hey, thank you for the Jewish reference. Well, I said the stick, I don't think I get a lot of what the Adam The what? The Yad? Yes. The Yad. Yep. Fellow Jew in the group. How to write a funny speech for a Wedding Bar Mitzvah graduation and every other event you didn't wanna go to in the first place.


Yeah. With a Forward by Carol Burnett. And it a actually is a very helpful book. And this was nice to get a chance to sit down with you and talk to you so much because you are, you, you're, you're such a, a fixture in the comedy business. Oh that in, in all the best ways that I'm constantly seeing you. And we're crossing each other in busy hallways and there are show girls and people dressed as horses and That's right. You know? Yeah, yeah. People dressed as German soldiers. And you're on in five minutes then. Hey Carol, how's it going? Hi Conan. And we pass each other. So it's, this is really lovely that we got to Do this. It really lovely. And You know what I wanted to say, because I would be remiss if I didn't, I mean, to host the Oscars is really a tough gig.


It's really, really tough. But I will tell your audience that beforehand when I went to Wish You luck, you are. So you said, You know what? I just wanna have fun out there. Yeah. And you did. And, and that's amazing. That was the, that was the mission was obviously do a lot of work beforehand and prepare. Yeah. But I was determined to, I mean, I actually is the thing that's helped me a lot on the podcast and the late night shows over the years, as I learned a long time ago. If I'm having fun Yeah. It's gonna work. So I can't contrive that. I just have to figure out situations and things to say that I'm gonna have fun doing. Yeah. And put enough of those together where I will have fun and if I'm having fun, people will start to have fun.


Absolutely. Yeah. I think so. You really weren't all that nervous going out. I would say I had Oh, you, it's yours. Oh really? Oh, I'm getting a text right now. Getting a text. No, it's a spam call. I don't know why I, and it's all turned off, by the way. I don't know why it made a noise. It was vibrating, so I put it on vibrate. So I have essential experience. I just, not even on you though. Well, it doesn't have to be this age. Just hearing, hearing something vibrate gets me all. Oh boy. Hot and bothered. But no, I will, I'd be lying if I said I did a lot of preparation, but yes. When the time comes to wa and they patch you, they, they tap you to go out.


Let's just say you're focused. Yes. Yes. I, I I, I, I'm not a nervous wreck, but I am, I am very aware. Yeah. That, that, yeah. You, you go into that tunnel vision, which I'm sure, I mean, you've had a million times when it's time to go. I don't think nervous is the right word for it. Right. Because I'm nervous when I go to the dentist. Yeah. It's a different feeling. It's a real intense Everything narrows. Yeah. Everything narrows to like a pinpoint of light. Yeah. Anyway, congratulations on the book. Thank you. And thank you so much for coming. Oh. And come it. My pleasure. Well come on back. We have a, we have a lot to talk about. We we're sort of have a lot to talk about.


How come I'm the only one not talking like this Because you haven't heard a small stroke. Oh man.


I do a lot of traveling. Yeah. You know that I do. The travel shows. Nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you. That's good. Isn't that nice? It starts the moments you take off with free in-flight wifi. So you can stream your favorite show on the go. Obviously that would be the show I would think. Yeah. You, You go in a plane and then you stream your podcast. If I'm anxious about a flight, the thing that calms me is seeing myself. And then when you land T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands. Did You know that? No. Yep. Plus you're covered with five gigabytes, count 'em five of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with go 5G plus or next plans. And I have to tell you, it's a nice feeling when I travel the globe for my travel work, I like to know that when I land in that other country, I'm covered. I'm there. Yeah. I can text you and say, Hey, I got here safely. Yeah. I forgot to feed my cat. Could you feed my cat? Oh yeah. You could remind me. I don't have a cat. Right. It's all good stuff. Yeah. You FaceTimed me before from another country and it was crisp. She was clear. Yep. You could see every mark on my face. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel qualifying plan required wifi where available on select US Airlines terms and conditions apply.


This Is an ad for the active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. And You know what? That's a mouthful. Yeah. It's, that's a lot to say, but I did it. It's a lot of word. You know what, it's a mouthful because it packs a lot in. Hmm. You can earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases with it big or small. So whether it's buying tickets to the game with your mom or grabbing a coffee with your dog, my dog doesn't drink coffee. Earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases made with it. Learn more at wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply.


We pride ourselves on professionalism here at the podcast. And I, If you think I'm being, You know, foolish, some of us are less professional than others. The acme of professionalism, the height of professionalism here, I would have to say is Matt Gorley? He's, he's a pro. Oh, he's a real pro. Oh, I didn't think that was coming that way. You are, you are. You professional. You are, you are you. You know what? Geez, I'm not even gonna go there. But anyway, Matt puts the whole thing together. You come in, you're always on time. You know what's going on. You hold this whole thing together. Yeah. And I say that, I'm not kidding. You really do you, you, you are the maestro. So when you glue showed up late today, I got worried.


'cause you, whenever you watch a, you didn't, whenever you What's just for the pretend? Oh yeah, Yeah. Okay. Sorry. I I think you mean you got excited. There are similar emotions. Okay. They're both, they're a form of excitement. Okay. There are subsets, but I, wait Matt's late. That never happens. And in any crime documentary, when the punctual person is late, it means they've been murdered. Yeah. That so mine meant went to a dark place, which is look, if sonas late, it's like, oh, well, another crazy night for Sona. Oh my God. Well, whatever, You know, she'll be here, she'll stumble in at some point. But we, I was concerned. I was concerned. And you, sir, say you have a tail to tell.


Oh yes. But speaking of tail, we had a cat emergency. Okay. What Happened? Well, this is not the first time this has happened, but our cat, Margot, the fat guy, has some digestive issues as she gets into her later years. And so How old is this cat? She's 13. Mm 13. And It's, she's gorgeous though. She's a go, here's a grumpy photo of her with a, a hemorrhoid donut on her head. Oh. 'cause she couldn't chew her. One of her, It's a very good looking cat. Yeah. And she's grumpy. It might be time, age is just a number. I'm sorry, but what just might be time? Wow. 13. How dare You. No, no. Some ca cats can get way up there. They Can go to 20. Yeah. Okay, Well let's hear.


How's she doing? Yeah. Oh man. Well, this is the third time, unfortunately, we've had to give her an enema. Not personally. Oh God. So she has to go to the vet because she's, first of all, she's psychotic and she's obsessed with food. So if we don't feed her in the morning, she meows incessantly until we wake up and do it. So then we got an automated feeder that would dispense dry food, but that constipated her. And that's when we had to give her these enemas. Now we finally found this wet food automatic feeder where you could load it the night before and it has ice packs. And so she'll sit there and stare at it all night long until it goes up. But she doesn't bother us. But she still got constipated.


And When we can, can you get con Wait, can you, oh, go ahead. It doesn't matter. Hmm. Well, she, she gets constipated and so we're on like 24 hour poop watch hoping she'll poop. And it goes, You know, sometimes it'll go a few days and we start to get really worried. So we take her to the vet and they want to give her an enema. But what that means is she comes home and she's just like, like if a toothpaste tube was missing the top. Okay. Okay. I told you this was disgusting and you still wanted to do it. There's Leakage. Unbelievable leakage. And she also does this thing that we call Tootie Scooching, where she sits on her butt and pops her hind legs up in the air and pulls herself with her front legs and just scoots along the floor, Whether it be hardwood or rug or whatever.


Do you remember those old toys that you used to draw with a wax crayon on a like mat and then you'd put a car in the car would follow the wax crayon? No, I don't. No, me neither. Does anybody? Me Either. I don't remember that toy. You grew Up. Oh my god, You grew up in the 1910s, I believe. I'm just remembering, I'm remembering that then you were trapped in ice for a while and then we melted you and you came out The way the same, it's the same way that people knew what I was talking about with the Inca BCA bottle ink. The cork fell out and you've stink. They'll know what this is. Okay. Okay. So some days we'll come home and there's just this like no Trail around The house. But didn't you have an oaky shit story? Yeah. Like once This isn't a regular current. Are you Judging me? Excuse me. I'm Keeping a Cat alive. Just I You tried to kill by the way, but maybe, Maybe it's time.


Oh My god. You need to stop that right now. So, so this cat is my life. This Is the only, The only Being, being in my household that acknowledges that gives me any attention. Okay. The other two are off on their own all the time. This cat loves me, sits on my lap, we're bonded. And you wanna take this From me? Hey, I have a question. She sits on your lap. Is there? Yeah. Because you guys are busy making shit on your lap. No, she's not. You're making jokes. I'm trying to come up with a solution. Oh, I'm sorry. Thank you. It's, there's leakage. Not when she's on my lap. There are pet diapers. Are are there such a thing for cats? Margot would just never tolerate it. She won't, she would rip it off. She, she's insane. Yeah. Are vet tried to put her on Prozac? Oh Boy. Yeah. And what, what happened there?


We Didn't do it. Why not? I don dunno. Dope. That cat up, that cat should be on because It, that Should be on Lorazepam. I know. We figured out, You know, that cat should be like that cat. That cat should be on the white lotus up on Lorazepam. I know like Parker Posey. You know, she did one time that cat would be stumbling around in a really expensive Bangkok hotel going, oh yeah man, wow. One time she ate chocolate and Oh great. Well this will go well. What? I don't know what happened. We gave her a, a large declare. We Did not. We did not. She got it. She gets into everything.


She will eat vegetables, she'll eat anything. And she went to the bathroom in a closet that was so disgusting. Oh Jesus. And by then I hadn't remodeled it. So where the floorboards met the wall, there was like a half inch crack. Jesus. And I remember just, it was so disgusting that I just put, I disinfected it, but I put baseboards on there and cocked it all up. You Sealed it into the house there forever. Just like the bodies in the pool in poltergeists. Someone's going to open these up. One Day You left that for a future homeowner. I have no choice, sweetie. It's our new Hey sweetie. Happy 2055. We're both young and we're, I'm expecting and we're moving into our own house since the Goly murders, I can't believe a woman beat her husband to death with his own tuba.


Hey, let's start prying up the baseboard so we can begin the remodeling. Ah yes. It's come to life by that point. What the shit? Yeah. Oh it God, It's a demon. What Is this Just part of your life now This leakage is just who, what It is. It's maybe every, maybe once a year. This seems to be happen. Oh, that's not so bad. No, but it's harrowing when it does happen. She's just this oddity. One time we were living in a second story apartment and she was, she would, she was so big that she would sit on the ledge that it started bulging out the screen on the window and then she fell out the window but rode the screen down.


Like remember a temple of doom when they ride the raft out of the airplane? She rode the screen down and I looked down there and she was just fine. She was just fine. Yeah. Oh My God. She's Insane. Wow. Wow. Maybe it's time. No, no, No. Raf. No it's to do Raft. She's All, well listen and the cat's name is so we cannot be Margo. Margo the fat guy. Yeah. Okay. That's gender confusion. Margot the fat guy is is a a lady cat is a lady cat. Is she, is she fat? Yes. She comes and goes. Yeah, right now she's, 'cause she's little constipated, although, oh God. After today she's lost weight.


Oh Man. Well if please, if you're out there, pray, pray, pray. We'll take 'em. There's a lot going on in the world, but this is, should be the priority. Is Margot the fat guy? She's fine now. She's fine. I should mention. Yeah. And she's love when she's, when she's in her sweet spot, You know, on my lap she's, there's nothing better. I wouldn't put that thing on my lap for a million dollars. Start scooching around using my knee as toilet paper. God. Then I come to work and people think I shit my knee. Why did I Hey you shit your knee Conan. Why did I agree to talk about this? Why did I agree to talk about this? Alright, Well never. Oh no. We wish you all the best. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sono of Cession and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs.


Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aren Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Conn. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan? Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan. And If you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded


The best B2B marketing gets wasted on the wrong people. This makes me nuts play. Yes, me too. You know, me too. Me too. Have you ever been served an ad that wasn't intended for you? All the time. You know, for a while I kept getting ads for expensive pots. And guess what? I don't cook. I have never cooked anything. I once tried to just boil some ramen and guess what happened? There was an explosion and three buildings were destroyed. Oh my God. So when you wanna reach this, that was, that ad should never have gone to me for a special pot. It's a lot of buildings. Yeah, a lot of buildings went and I had to flee the country for a while. When you wanna reach the right professionals use LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn has grown to a network of over 1 billion professionals and that's where it stands apart from other ad buyers. Have they got a billion? I don't think so, buddy. Boy, you can target your buyers by job title, industry, company roles, seniority skills, company revenue, all the professionals you need to reach in one place. So do me a favor, stop wasting budget on the wrong audience. Come on. Get your head in the game. Start targeting the right professionals only on LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign so you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco derms and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.


Amazon presents Jamal versus the Shihtzu descending from the Gray Wolf. Shihtzu live by their own Untamed Primal code of not giving a single shihtzu. But Jamal shopped on Amazon and bought dog treats, chew toys, and 32 ounces of carpet cleaner. Hey Jamal, you've been promoted to pack Leader. Save the every day with deals from Amazon.