
Man, holidays coming up. It gets pretty intense, doesn't it? It does. Very intense.


During the holiday season, it feels like you're packing a lot into every second. Everything gets compressed. Pressure lot. It's stressful so much to do. That's why ADT spends all their seconds helping protect all of yours while you're out. The ADT Plus app gives you complete control over who has access to your home. Mm. With the Google Nest doorbell from ADT, you can know for sure if that's Santa or Aunt Mildred at the front door. See, I'd be suspicious 'cause I don't have an Aunt Mildred. It's Aunt Mildred. Thief. ADT has the largest number of companies owned 24 7 monitoring centers in the industry. when every second counts count on ADT. Visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT ASAP. Google and Google Nest doorbell are trademarks of Google. LLC


Fall here. Everyone's getting back from vacation headed Back to school. You know what that means? You bet you do. Hmm. Time to get into Bombas. Oh, okay. Amazingly comfortable socks, tees, and underwear. I love saying underwear that gives back with every purchase. They have the best socks for fall. They really do. You put those bombas on. You feel like your feet are being snuggled 24 7. I'm a purely Bombas sock Person. You are. And I. Love them. And, I, And I Am too. And every time we see each other, we high five each other and go. Bombas pals. Yeah. We high Five with our Feet. Yes. I broke my hip last time I did that. They, they, they really do have the best false socks. They aren't regular old false sock colors. They're actually playful. They're fun. They got a little style. Yeah, they do. Yeah. And the Marino wool socks are so cushy. They're like walking on pillows. And I've walked on pillows. Oh yeah. 1997 to 19 eight. That's weird. So, ready to feel good and do good. Head over to bombas.com/kona and use Code Kona for 20% off your first purchase. That's BOM bs.com/ Conan. Code Conan at checkout.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay. Let's get started. Hi Charles. Welcome to Conan O'Brien. Needs a fan? Hi. Hi Charles. How are you? Hi Conan. Good. It's actually early in the morning over here. Okay. Well that's how the world works. I am in Los Angeles and you are in I In the Philippines. Where in the Philippines are you? So I live in the capital. Great. In the Greater Manila, but the city itself is Cazo City. Okay. I'm not sure why I asked.


'cause it doesn't really mean much to me. I haven't been to the Philippines, so, but I want to know more? You Should visit here. You think I should visit the Philippines? Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's quite nice over here. The people are friendly. Good food. I've heard wonderful things about, about the Philippines. I'd like to know more about you, Charles. Tell me a little bit about your life. So I'm an engineer. Oh, sorry. I, I'm not sure if we're hearing my dog in the background. Oh, when you said I'm an engineer. Oops, sorry. I thought a member of the secret police was behind you and that you're in hiding. You're, you're whispering your dog, your dog's behind you and doesn't approve of your work as an engineer.


Is that the idea? Pro, probably. So you're an engine, you're an engineer. What kind of engineering do you do? So, I'm a, I'm a mechanical engineer. I'm currently working for my uncle's factory. He, he's making like candies right here in the Philippines. Oh, Your uncle, you work for your uncle and he has a candy factory. Yeah. He's like Willy Wonka kind Of. Yeah. Yeah. Are there rivers of chocolate and, you know, all kinds of, you know, waterfalls of gum drops and things like that? No, sadly, no. There's just like generic factory stuff. Well, okay. For there. Lumas? Yeah.


Not, not really. Not really. Why are you hesitating on that? What, what kind of apa to you? You, yeah. You said no immediately to Rivers of chocolate and waterfalls of gumdrops, but then on Oompa Lumpa you're like, ah, do you have an mpa Lumpa factory? Is that what this is? Yeah. I think that wasn't, I think that wasn't a cat behind it. And. it was an Oompa Lumpa. Okay. you get you there. I'm gonna try and keep this, keep this, you know, clean and simple. Well, you're doing a great job. Yeah. Thanks. Well, got a little bit of a lag and you know, we gotta we need to make sure that they, the edits together. Oh, so Charles, let me get this straight.


You work at a candy factory that your uncle owns in the Philippines? Yes. Okay. And what kind of candies do you make? Well, we have two types of candies. We have bubble gums and then caramel candies. Ooh, Wow. Can, that's nice. I love candy. I like both of those. I love bubble gum and caramel candies. Have you ever tried to mix the two together and make a bubble gum that has a caramel center? No, but my, I think my uncle did before, and he said, did it taste really good? Because the bubble gums like, tasted more like menthol, mentally, like, and then the caramel tastes very sweet and caramely and, and those two doesn't, don't mix really well together.


Well, Wait, I'm, I'm sorry. I think your, your uncle screwed it up. Oh, I think I have a good idea here. He just went the wrong way with it. That's all. And. I hate to pick a fight with your uncle, but I think there's a way to combine caramel and bubblegum and this is my life's dream. I think there's a way to do it correctly. And I'd, I'll let, I think to talk to you more about, I guess so. But I haven't seen any type of mobile game that has caramel like flavorings in it. Yeah. guess what? In 1850, no one had seen an automobile before, but then someone invented it and the world changed. Huh. but I don't know why I am so, so Quiet.


After you said maybe, why don't you buy some bubble gum and a caramel and just try it out. Eat 'em together. There you go. Before investing in a machine. So Charles, tell me, how is the candy factory doing? Is it thriving? Not really. Since I started here like five years ago, it hasn't really gone off like real really good. Well, what do you think? Yes. First of all, what do you think the problem is? Well, I think it lack, it's 'cause of the lack of exposure of the, with the public. So every time we approach, like distributors are customers regarding our, like our products, our candies, their initial reaction is like, they're gonna say it's, no, it's still alive.


It's like they're gonna say it's, I thought that your products are already gone. Like, oh, so, So people, your candy factory has been around for a long time. You don't have good ad actually you don't have good advertising. And people think, oh, we thought those candies were discontinued. Is that the problem? Yeah. So actually our candy started way back, like during World War ii. It actually started with my uncle's father and then it, it went on after that. But then Isn't your uncle's father also your grandfather? I? do I call him my grandfather? I think so.


Am I wrong? I? Don't know. I, I think, Think so. Yes. Your uncle's father is your grandfather uncle by marriage? Maybe? Yeah. Is it if it's, Oh my, I call him a grandfather. It's His aunt's husband. It's, I see. Yeah. Yeah. It is your grandfather in-Law. Yeah. Huh. Well that was good that we cleared that up, Charles. It's, it's a bit confusing for me also. Yeah. Well, And it me, me as me now as well. Charles here To help Charles, we have a simple story here. You are a man who is working for your uncle's candy factory. Yes. Your uncle's candy factory has been around for a long time.


But. it has become unpopular. How many employees work at this candy factory? Currently we have like 19 of us. How many did there used to be? Hundreds. Oh. Oh yeah. Okay. Well This is way when the automations, automated machines came into the, like, so before they used to pack the candies in like, manually. So they needed like, like many people to pack them individually, wrap them around and put 'em in boxes. But now we have machines to do that. Yes. So we didn't, we don't really need a lot of people to produce the candies. Yeah, that's, but then's we also don't manufacture them every day.


You don't make candy every day. Yeah. So it's only when we have orders or our stocks are declining that we manufacture more. Can you list me the name of some of your candies, just so I get an idea of what these candies are called? So we have two types of bubble gum candies. So one is called Tarzan. Tarzan was called Texas Tarzan in Texas. Do these bubble gums have anything to do with Tarzan or Texas? No, I'm, I'm, I'm not actually clear on how they came up with the, with those names. but I Think so the names don't in any way link to how the gum tastes.


I don't know what Texas tastes like. No barbecue. Well, maybe, but I don't think so. I think it's random. I think you've, I think someone back when this company was just starting said, let's call this one Tarzan and this one Texas, right? Kind of. Yeah. So I think I, my uncle told me was his father came up with that name because he was, I think more heavily influenced during the US when the US was, were occupying the Philippines and he was working within American company here in Manila. Okay. So your grandfather came up with these names at the end of World War ii. So yeah, you are down with Hitler gum.


Oh, Jesus. It isn't a big, isn't isn't a big seller. I'm just saying these are, these are antiquated names. A little sketchy names No. Down with Hitler. Yeah. What's a, we have a photo of the Tarzan gum if you wanna, let's take a look. Yeah, let's take a look at the Tarzan gum. Oh, you do? Oh, oh, Oh, But it. What does that have to do? And the colors are Christmasy. Yeah. So, okay. Yeah, It's just a chat. The, like, it's attract children so they'd like be excited for it with the different colors, but they all taste the same. Oh wait, they're different colors, but they all taste the same.


And it's called Tarzan. And the catch the catch phrase is put an eight man in your mouth. Yeah. Okay. I don't know tho I just think that it's confusing. Do you understand? I think it's, it's Very confusing. Yeah. It's confusing. And is this because, does your uncle want to change things up and maybe make things better? Make, make the marketing a little better? It hasn't really come up. Like, I've pitched him the idea of like having a commercial or just having more exposure to the public. But we haven't gone like past that. So it's more, it's, there's no actual plans for it.


They're just talking about it. Is he stuck in his ways? Do you think sometimes that happens with older people get stuck in their ways and then some young punk like you comes along and says, Hey, maybe we should change things a little bit. And he's like, Hey, is that what's happening? I know, I guess so. I mean, I mean, I think he wants to keep the, like the legacy of the products going. I mean, people know when people hear about the Tarzan or Texas candies, they immediately know what it, what it is. But the problem is only the older generations know about it.


And the younger generations not, not so much. So how old are your most of your customers? Well, I think the late fifties sixties. Hmm. Yeah. That's a, that's a problem. That's a problem. Yeah. Because not a lot of bubblegum chewing 60 year olds. No. Because the first thing that goes are the teeth. Yeah. Oh. And you can't really, you know, just, just chomp on that stuff without teeth. Well, wow. They're not like 90. You're 60. Yeah. My teeth are gone. These are all bubblegum. Yeah, those teeth. Okay. Maybe it's time to do like a throwback campaign. You know, nostalgia and stuff.


Yeah, I was actually, I was thinking about those types of campaigns, but only I've tried only like trying those in through Facebook posts. Low videos though. Just like pictures and stuff. Mm. I'm gonna disagree with my friend Matt here. And this is very rare because I respect his opinion. Huh. But, oh, wait a minute. Which Matt? Oh yeah, me. It's me. Jesus. It's me. It's a great, it's a classic bit Charles. This is what I think. I think you need to make a immediate hard play for the youth. I think you have to. I think you have to do something that's going to get younger people interested in the candies.


And by the way, I love the way you say candies, don't you? Candies? Yeah. I. do I like it? Yeah. I think the more you say candies, the Just keep saying candies. It's great. Candies. Candies. Oh, It's just fantastic. He says it normally, but it's sweet. Yeah. He has a sweetness to it. You should be in a commercial. Yeah. You're the pitch man. You should be in a commercial and say, buy our candies. They're so, it's the way you say it is very sweet.


There's nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you. Check this out. That's nice. Whether you're going on a weekend getaway to the mountains, or let's say you're on a dream vacation, or in my case, a work trip to Thailand. It's just fantastic. Let me explain. It starts the moment you take off with free in-flight wifi. So you can stream your favorite show on the go. I mean, that's incredible. That is actually pretty sweet. I love that. I mean, that's insane. I'm always there with my credit card. You know, I can't figure it out. I lose the credit card. Yeah. The phone is stolen. Someone punches me. You start crying. I cry a lot when you land T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands and an upgrade to Hilton Honors Silver Plus you're covered with five gigabytes. Five gigabytes. That's more than four of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with the go 5G plus or next plans. These are just a few of the perks that feel like big wins when you travel with T-Mobile And it. It's nice to stay connected to your family. I travel a lot, I do these travel shows. And if I'm filming another country I know I can get to my family right away. Yeah. They usually don't wanna speak to me. But they have to. They screen your calls a lot, don't they? I suspect them of screening. Yes. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel today. Qualifying plan required wifi. Were available on select US Airlines registration and Hilton Honors membership required for Hilton Honors Silver terms and conditions apply.


You know what's nice? In the old days if you wanted a cinematic experience, you had to go to the movie theater. Yeah. You had to get your ass to a movie theater. Not anymore. With Samsung oled, you get a full cinematic experience without leaving your couch. There's actually a brand new Samsung ole here in Team Coco studio. And it's tough to say. Focused on podcasting when the picture quality is this good. I'm always losing track. Oh, I'm supposed to be interviewing one of the great people in history. And I. Start drifting away from them. I've noticed. 'cause I'm looking at the amazing picture on the Samsung oled. Yeah. You dropped the ball a lot. Yeah, maybe. Yeah. Yeah. The AI powered processor upscales your favorite content in brilliant 4K resolution. you get to experience colors on a TV as they're meant to be seen because this is the only OLED TV validated by the industry leading color experts at Pantone Plus on OLED S 95 D, you get OLED glare free technologies so you can watch everything you love with nearly no glare. I can't stand glare. And I hate when there's glare. I can't even see the picture. Yeah. Gamers Dpic, picture gamers. You're covered too. Hey gamers. Don't worry. What's that? Gamers You're covered too. Oh really? Yes. Motion Accelerator 144 Hertz delivers Ultra smooth motion and AI Auto Game Tell is your game settings to its genre. Speaking of gaming, you know we're gonna be filming another Clueless Gamer play. What game are we playing this time? I like To surprise you so I don't wanna tell you. We're also narrowing the games down. So if you out there have an idea of a game you want us to play, go to Team Coco podcast on Instagram and leave us a comment. And we might pick that game. Can't wait to see how great this game looks on the Samsung OLED tv. And I'm just gonna add, it's AI powered upscaling. That's right. Stay tuned for the next Clue Gamer releasing late November experience TV the way it's meant to be seen with Samsung oled. Visit samsung.com/oled to learn more. Upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experiences may vary according to types of content and format.


Hey, NFL fans, you can start the season with a big return on FanDuel America's number one sports book. So when you get a hunch in the middle of the game, you can check out the latest stats view, live, play by play, and so much more on the same page where you place your bets. You'll get started with $200 in bonus bets guaranteed. When you place your first $5 bet. Just makes things more fun. It does. Hey bla, you're, you're on FanDuel all the time, huh? You Know it. I'm a Detroit Lions guy all the way. Well, You don't have to tell us specifically who you're rooting for. I'm just saying the Silver. The silver and blue of their uniforms. I love it. And. I. Love that team. That's Why you wrote for Teams is the colors of their uniforms. Isn't that 'cause you're from Michigan. Well, I'm, I'm from Michigan, which is why I root for the Alliance. But I'm just saying they're also looking. Oh, I thought you just randomly chose the best uniform But. anyway. Isn't it true that if you've got a bet on FanDuel, it kind of adds an excitement? It does. It Adds stakes. It adds excitement, drama, all of it. It's great. Yeah. Incredible. That's fanduel.com/ Conan. Never waste a hunch and make every moment more with FanDuel. An official sportsbook partner of the NFL 18 plus in present in DC First online Real Money Wager only $5 First deposit required bonus issued as non withdraw Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem. Call or text to 1-800-GAMBLER 1 804 2 6 2 5 3 7.


The new Sonic Queso Smasher is now available. You're gonna wanna try this. They made the Sonic Smasher you love. 'cause you do love your Sonic Smasher, don't you? Sonic? I love Sonic Smashers. And I love queso. Yeah. Well, guess what? They took the Sonic Smasher you love and they added the new creamy queso in hand. Smash patties made to order. Just makes my brain explode. I just saw your brain explode and Queso came out. The Sonic Queso Smasher is the perfect combination of Angus patties, creamy queso, jalapenos, and a southwest aioli. Sounds like juicy goodness to me. All that's left to do is choose a double or a triple make mine two triples. That's a sex tupt. The new Sonic Queso. Smasher. Live Free Eat Sonic.


Tell me if I'm wrong. I think we have to make a hard play for the youth. Okay. And I. Think even if it's illegal, we have to say like, it's Taylor Swift bubblegum. Oh, we have to use a name that young people is Taylor Swift Big in the Philippines. She's She's big in the Philippines. Yeah. Yeah. She's big everywhere. A Lot of people actually wanted to see her like perform a show here in the Philippines. Yeah, but she didn't. So everyone like flew to Japan or Singapore just to see her. Yeah. Well I would've told Taylor, you know, to go to the Philippines to go to Manila and play a big show. You would've told her? Yeah. Would you have done that? How And when listens to me we're tight by tight.


I mean, I've listened just her music. And. I. Enjoy her work. Charles I. do think you need to, and we may be getting in trouble with the law here. Yeah. But it's worth it. Don't you think? To maybe say it's Taylor Swift bubblegum, you know, And. then we name some of the gum af and the candies after some of her songs. Like, This is The Bad, bad Blood, or This is the All Too Well Gum. Yeah. People love a candy called Bad Blood. No, but I, I I you get in trouble with Taylor though. I, no, I think, I think we need to do something drastic.


We need to make a campaign that appeals to the youth of the Philippines and we put your candy back on the map. Mm. And I. Think we have to do it, don't you think? Yeah. I think that's, that's a great plan. Yeah. Yeah. Now, do you have a lawyer? Yeah. Okay. I think we, we'll we're contracting a law firm, but good. We haven't used them like for like legal stuff. Well, When you do my, What do you use them for? What do you use them for? For naming the candy? Yeah. Well, Mainly it's a bunch of 90-year-old lawyers. Oh wait, call it after Tarzan. Kids love Tarzan. Are These the Oompa Luas is, that's what's happening here, Charles.


Oh my God. Yeah. Charles, you're gonna need lawyers because some of the stuff I'm suggesting may may incur some lawsuits. Again, I'm indemnified, I'm just a guy giving you suggestions. But I do think you need to do something to get the youth Yeah. Involved in your candy. Okay. Yeah. Now Let me ask you, I think my uncle won't be on board with that. Well, Well, let me ask you. He shouldn't Be Ask. Yeah. Maybe it's time to, you know, take him Out. Yeah. What? Yeah, just A little, you know, a little Shakespearean kinda. Yeah. One bad blood candy. And he's out. Hey Charles. Charles, it just occurred to me what you need is a celebrity endorsement by somebody who's big with the youth.


Uhoh. Here I am, uhoh And. I have I know. You know, that's why am I But seriously, what if, I mean, I would be happy to endorse the candy. Amaya a big hit with the youth in the Philippines, To be honest. Maybe not so much. You haven't been on air here in the Philippines. Like since the early two thousands. We, we last Charles, we Keep yelling him. He's currently on the air. Don't do that. Wait, wait. Hold on a second, Charles. It's called the internet. I'm all over the internet. I'm, there's like pornography and then there's me. I'm all over the internet. So don't tell me the, Yeah, so Don't you guys get the internet? Well, if we do, so if they search your name on YouTube, they'll see you.


But then well before you, we watched your show in television. Like you were being shown in one of the local channels here in the Philippines. Yes. But then after that you, like, you di you disappeared. Yes. So I'm no longer on TV in the Philippines. Well, we saw your show again when you, when you went back in HBO. Hmm. Yes. So yeah. We, we call it Max. Max. Yeah. You're getting on him about branding names. Yeah. Just rolls off the tongue, max. So, My God. So Charles, you're saying that maybe the youth in the Philippines, maybe I'm not the one who do you think's a bigger star in the Philippines?


And be honest and think about it. Don't just blurt it out. Really think about it. Me or say Taylor Swift. Well, Taylor Swift's a big name. Everyone knows Taylor Swift. Do you want to think about it some more? Do you want to get back to me? We I don wanna see her song. I, I want to say K, but people, you might get disappointed if you come here and then no one recognizes you. Sorry. No one recognizes you. Not even people who watched you in the two thousands. Not even Charles.


Charles. Why Did? you Charles can I can I remind you that you called me Charles? You called me? Yeah. Well, Because I called. Why Did? you call me. Why didn't you call Taylor Swift I don't have her number. Maybe you could connect me with her. Oh, well. Oh. So now you wanna use me to get to Taylor Swift. I see. Oh, that is so low, Charles. So just be okay. That is, that is the lowest of the low. Well, I was, I'm sorry. I want No, don't be sorry. You're being honest. And I. Appreciate that. And I. Think you're saving me a lot of disappointment. You know, I don't know Charles, I I'd like to help save your candies.


I really would. And I do think we Could put you and Taylor Swift in the commercials if you want. Oh, She won't agree to That. Yeah. She's not gonna work with me. And that's been made clear before. Yeah, She shouldn't. Well, she shouldn't. Whatever. For whatever reason her, there's a cease and desist. Charles, I wanna try and help your candy company. I really do. I think you guys are stuck in the past. We are Your, you said that your company's slogans and whole marketing campaign was invented at the end of World War ii. And that's been, was a long time ago. Actually, we don't actually have a slogan to think about it. Oh no. Wait, you don't have a slogan?


It gets worse. I don't think he do. There's no slogan. Yeah. Give him a slogan. I don't think so. Well, I mean, first of all, we gotta get you a slogan, right? Don't you think? Have you thought at all about a possible slogan? How about we don't actually have a slogan as a slogan. It's actually hard to make a slogan with the Tarzan. A Texas name. No, No. Well, we could change I. don, would you, would your uncle be open to changing the name of some of the candies and maybe going with a new advertising campaign? Would he be open to that? I'm not so sure. Probably. What if I talked to him? Yeah, I Think, yeah, I think you can convince him. Yeah. I'm very convincing. I think I could talk to your uncle and say, we have to change this. I mean, you're down to 17 employees.


You used to have hundreds. Okay. Yeah. And now, I mean, your youngest customer voted for Eisenhower in the American elections. You can't, this has got to stop. We've gotta turn this around. It's time. I know. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. It's the, you don't seem as desperate as I want you to be. No, it's it. I've been desperate. That's why I called you. You're not coming across as desperate. You're giggling a lot. You seem kind of happy. You're speaking very quietly. You're seeing candies in a delightful way. I'm not getting desperation. It is zero hour. We have got to do something.


Yeah. Help us go then. Well, I will. I would. I'd love to help you if we can agree on a fee. We may have to sell off most of the factory to pay my fee. Oh wow. This is a Little awkward now. We can't afford that. Well, you're going to pay it. There's nothing you can do about it. Well, my uncle will talk to you about it though. Yeah. I've got some guys That'll rough up your Uncle I. don, all my guys come by. I'm rooting for you. I like you Charles. You seem like a nice guy. Do you have a family, Charles? Yeah, actually I have a brother and then my parents are still here.


And I'm rooting for you guys 'cause I'd like to turn things around for you. You know, I'd like this candy. Oh, thanks. I want your candy company to be the biggest candy company in the Philippines. I hope so. Yeah, that's Green. What, what currently, what's your competitor? Who's the big candy company? Actually, there's a bigger company like called Columbia, and they sell a different type of candy. So they have like mental hard candies, Menthol, hard candies. You know, I think this is a, i I don't know why they're in the lead. Yeah. If they're selling basically a cough drop. Yeah. That's, I I think, I just think this is an easy assignment. I think I'm a good leader, Charles.


And I'm an innovator. I'm a visionary and I know how to brand. I think I could come into Manila. And I could turn your candy company around. I really do. I hope So. Yeah. That'll be the dream. Okay. Do you trust me and We'll, and yeah. Will you listen? Will you listen to me? Will you listen to my advice? Yes. Will your uncle listen to me? Change? We'll convince him. Okay. Anybody, what do you think? Do you think I could do this? We can't convince Him. Do I think you can go to a candy factory and and make it better? Bigger? Yeah. Bigger and better. Big, big hit in the Philippines. No, I, I don't, I don't think you can do it, Matt. I'm sorry. No, I. Don't think you can do it Either. Do you think you can do It?


Yes. Oh, okay. I've never, And it's, it's, I think you can do it. It's by copyright infringement. That's your plan. Yeah. I think by the time the Taylor Swift organization's huge. Yeah. They've got a lot to worry about. By the time they catch on to this manila candy company, you know what I mean? We, you'll you'll be, you'll have so much money you won't know what to do with it. All. right. And then you And I scram. We take off. Okay. And we leave your uncle holding the bag. And he has to answer to the Taylor Swift people. Actually, there's a a i, I just remembered, there's actually a Taylor Swift impersonator here. Well, she's, she's more like a drag impersonator of Sure. Taylor Swift.


That's Fine. So maybe we use that person. That's perfect. Better. That's perfect. Maybe we can use her. Yeah. Her name's Taylor Shish, so, Yeah. Well, Taylor, sh I think you, so basically Taylor shut up. Yeah, I think you can Find the video for her. Okay. Well that's terrific, Charles. We have all the ingredients we need. Okay. I'm coming. I'm going to, I'm gonna get a Taylor Swift impersonator. We're going to violate Taylor Swift's copyright. We're gonna turn this candy around and make it a big deal. And then, correct me if I'm wrong, there are thousands of islands in the Philippines, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. When Things, when the, when the heat comes, you And I take the money and we go and we hide out on one of those islands and we live like kings.


Yeah, sure. Yeah, sure. I just told you the gr most innovative he scheme of all time, that involves you radically changing your life and hiding forever with a red haired madman on a tiny island in the Philippines and living under my tyrannical rule. And you say, yeah, sure. Well, the beaches here in the Philippines are very nice though. Okay. We're gonna do it All. right. Well, I hope we can make this work out. I'll, I'll do my best. All, right? I hope so. Okay. Yeah, just try and calm down. You see, Meanwhile, If you have any stock in your company, I might consider selling it. Yeah. Yeah. I wouldn't do that.


You gotta believe in me. Okay. I've never ruined a candy company in the Philippines before. That's maybe the new slogan. First Time for everything. Yeah. All. right. Well, you take care, Charles. It's been nice talking to you. Thanks for having me. Yeah. I hope I'll see you soon here. You never know. You never know. Yeah. You never, you won't even know, know. 'cause I don't think you know what I look like. I think I was. Bye. Bye Charles. Thanks Charles. Bye-Bye. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive, produced by Adam Sachs.


Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer Aaron Blair, associate talent producer, Jennifer Samples, associate producers, Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at siriusxm.com/ Conan.


Please rate review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan wherever fine podcasts are down.


Robert. Half research indicates nine out of 10 hiring managers are having difficulty hiring. I didn't know that. I didn't either. If you have open roles, chances are you're feeling this too. Interesting. That's why you need Robert Half. Yep. I. Don't think that's a person. That's the company. Okay. I was confused. Yeah. Their specialized recruiting professionals engage with their proprietary ai. Welcome to Connect businesses of all sizes with highly skilled talent and finance and accounting, technology, marketing and creative, legal and administrative and customer support. See, at Robert Half they know Talent. I Wish. I had had Robert Half back in the day. Oh, when I was hiring. Okay, so no offense. Sona. Oh, And. I. Feel like you did mean to offend me. Yes. You wouldn't be here. If I had had Robert Half. Visit Robert half.com today


It's time to call out the biggest villain I know to me it's the person who drinks half a soda Mm. And then leaves it in the refrigerator. Oh yeah. I would ask any villain like that. How do you sleep at night? Well, I already know the answer. Mattress Firm Mattress Firm will find you the right bed with their wide selection of quality mattresses at every price. Get matched at Mattress Firm Black Friday Sale and sleep at night. Restrictions apply. See Mattress Firm dot com or store for details and text Conan to 7 6 6 6 9 3 for $100 off your next purchase at Mattress Firm exclusions apply.