
Hi, I am Jamie Lynn Sigler, and I feel giddy about being Conan O'Brien's friend. I like that. That's very nice. Some people can get very mean, and I know that you're not gonna do that, Christina. I know you're not. Ah, Damn it. I was gonna say, I feel really stupid being Brian's friend. I won't, I'll change mine. My, the nicer part of me. No. Hi, I'm Christine Ate and I feel awesome to be Conan O'Brien's friend. Back to school.


Loose friends. Hey everybody. It's Colonel O'Brien Needs a friend. I'm Conan O'Brien Sona. Laughing really hard. Oh, god. Matt, Matt Gourley joining us as well. And we might as well just talk about this. 'cause I just said it. Sona, should you recount what happened? Oh, My, I don't even know if I can like, say give it justice, because I was talking about something and you, You were talking about something and you were talking, we were talking about Ray fines and how much we love Ray fines and how good he is. Yeah. And then you were going on for a while about how great Ray fines is, and I said, well, I'm not, I'm not talking right now.


So this is boring. Yeah. Meaning there's words are happening, but they're not coming from me. So this is boring. Let's get started. Yeah. And, and you were laughing really hard because it might be the truest thing I've ever said. You're Just like, well, I'm not talking. So I, You know, like it completely checked out. 'cause it's not coming out of your mouth. It wasn't, You know, what happened? We, there was this moment where I noticed that the words weren't coming out of my skull. So what good could they be? Right. I mean, what could their value possibly be? Right. I mean, it's unheard of that anything I would say would have any, again, It's happening.


Yeah. I'm like, what is this? I'm hearing like, it's like Charlie Brown characters hearing their parents. You don't Even have hear words coming outta my mouth, like when I'm Talking, oh God. I'm just counting down. It's like, when do I get to go? Oh my God. Oh My God. I'm just not even gonna speak. You should, did you I did start croaking over there. Sounds like there's a toad. I will say this just a teaser for the segment. In this episode, we have some Ray fines related content to cover. Oh, good. Yeah. We'll get to this later in the episode. I Oh, good. I'm, yeah. And that was un I didn't know that that was happening. No, that's just a coincidence. Yeah. Yeah. Let's get some Ray fines content. Yeah. You were talking about how he's, he's still got it. And he can, He's he's still got, I say he's still got it and he can, he can get it.


He Can get it. I don't know. Is that a saying? He can get it. Yeah, he can get it. Yeah. And he can, he can get this, He can get this. You're married. Yes, He could. Yeah. I know. I I'm not gonna fuck Ray fines. I mean, it's not gonna happen. I shouldn't have said it, so I'm not gonna make love to him. Which would it be to make love to him, do you think? If you said he's still got it and he can get it, then you're not talking about making love. Yo Ray pretty come to ya window and let us embrace. Do be gentle. Do be gentle Ray. He would be, yeah. I, he, if there was any chance of him coming on, I think I just killed it. Right? No. Maybe, maybe I don't. If if anything, maybe the odds are better.


Yeah. You just said he's got it and he can get it. He, yeah. You just rang the dinner bell. Yeah. The ring a baby And grape finds for what it's worth. Same here, buddy. Oh, That killed it. You can get it. That killed it. You know, that killed it. You know, you don't Know. Yeah. You'd be gentle. I would be gentle. I he's a terrific actor. He's great in everything he's ever done. And I was just remarking that it's hilarious that he always, I mean, it's not hilarious, but when I hosted the Oscars recently, he was in the audience and it was like his, You know, fifth time being nominated. And he, he's clearly the, the best actor in the room. Yeah. He's an amazing actor. And they, he, he'll probably never get an Academy Award. I shouldn't say that. I hope he does. He better, but I hope he does. It's just, he's amazing.


Actors come over from, from the UK and they're insanely incredible. And You know, they don't win. And they, I know they put a, they're all like, well, You know, still, I enjoyed my visit Tata and this Sona Round. Yeah. It's Sona Round. I'm told she thinks I have it and I could still get it. I think it's because they're not, they, You know, they don't do enough. Like he needs to like, hook up with like, You know, Selena Gomez. What? Yeah. Yeah. It's like something needs to happen Where he, Selena Gomez is with Benny Blanco. I know. I can't, I'm sorry. I'm bringing this back again. I know. Really? Are you, I realize Though, wanna talk about Benny Blanco any chance you can get, I, the other day I was driving around and we brought this up on the podcast, but I just wanna repeat it.


The most modern sentence that I can think of to say is Benny Blancos just slid into my dms. Yeah. Because I don't know what that means. Any of it. Any of it. I don't know what any of it is, but I've memorized it in case I'm ever at a party. Oh, okay. And someone's questioning, Hey man, you seem kind of old. Maybe you should move on. I'm gonna say, yeah. Well, Benny Blanco just slid into my dms. And then that person says, really? I'm Benny Blanco. Yeah. And I'll say, well, I'm here in person, and if you've got something to say to me, say it face to face. Let's say it face to face. Benny B, if that's even your real name. What, what? Say it.


I Love that you're, you're talking about Benny Blanco sliding into your dms while you're talking to Benny Blanco. That just made me laugh. And also, I love it. That really made me laugh. I love it's proof at my age that I'm still, that I'm young. Yeah. So I'll be around. I have you still got, is your Hailey Beaver smoothie over there? Nope. Yeah, it's not. I threw it out. I was done with it. I love that. I'm trying to, I love anything where someone's like, Hey man, you shouldn't be hanging out at this party. You're too old. And I, and that, I think that me shouting at that moment, Benny Bronco just slid into my dms. Everyone would be like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. He's young. Oh yeah, that's cools. Cool. Let's cool. Let's, he's cool. Let's disregard his rotting face.


Someone would be rude enough to just be like, Hey, old guy, why are you at this party? Yeah. You know, Let's try this out, I think. Okay. Okay, go ahead. All Right. Hey, what's up granddad? How how'd you get in here? What do you mean? How did I get in here? I'm a youngster. Benny Blanco just slid into my dms. Youngster. What, what are you talking about? Do you even know what a DM is? It's the demilitarized zone that separates South Korea from North Korea. It was established. Hey, this Guy's cool. He Could say it was established by the United Nations at the end of the Korean conflict. Oh, right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah. I've actually been there. I visited the demilitarized zone. Oh yeah. And Benny Blanco is one of the great architects of the late 19th century. Hey Guys, gather round. I'm hearing some crazy whack history stories.


This guy's off the hook. Yeah. All the women are in undressing. Yes. Yeah, that's right. I have the Riz. Oh, see, you really got it. Okay. I'm gonna write the rap. You just shouldn't go to those parties. Just don't, if someone invites you, just don't go. Trust me, you're busy. I'm not, I wouldn't be at those parties. They would find me peering in a window. Oh. And they would call the police. I mean, who knows? You could be. No, you could go to a party where Benny Blanco and SEL are, and then, You Know, I would know Selena. I would not know Benny Blanco. Yeah. And I, I have nothing against Benny Blanco. He's, You know, I think Selena Gomez is cool. I love her. Yeah. I, I, I, I'm, and I'm all for this Benny Blanco gentleman. I just came up with that sentence when I was driving my car, Benny Blanco just slid into my dms and I said, that's gonna get me out of a be sticky situation someday, or get me into one.


I don't know. All right. Let's get into it. Enough of my babble and babble. I think there's been enough. Tom Foolery and Skullduggery and Tom Fuggery, my guest today, and I, that's plural. Guests today host the podcast Messy, which releases new episodes every Tuesday, wherever you get your podcast. I'm very excited. They're here today. Christina Applegate and Jamie Lynn Sigler. Welcome. Cone Bone Cone. Bone Cone Bone. I never stuck. No, it, it did. My wife calls me Cone Bone. No. 'cause Tom Hanks came around and said, did Co Co. Oh yeah. Cool. Cool. Yeah, he Did. And then that became your thing.


That became, I was trying to make Cone Bone happen. I'm kind of glad Coco won, frankly. Okay. I'm really, it's never Too late. It's That still happen. Yeah. I, I was gonna start by, first of all, thanking both of you for, for being here. And I have very distinct memories of both of you. I'm at that age now where I get very sentimental and I look back over, I don't know, just things that I've done in the past. People I've met Christina, I remember very clearly you being such a wonderful friend to me on the show. You came on the show so many times and you were always so funny and great and miraculous.


And I think, I think you, you might hold some record for coming on the show. I think I Might, but you might. You might. It was like my favorite thing. Anytime I got a call saying, Hey, You know, even like, you sometimes would have like a guest like Fallout or something. They'd be like, will you come in? And like, absolute. I would love nothing more. It helped. I really, like You were my favorite interview were Ever, You Know, I had so much fun there with, You know, That sweet of you, and it helped that you lived in an apartment right above our studio in Rockeller Center. She lived in a, We called an apartment. I was outside. The bathroom was Actually, it was, it was a cleaning closet. It was a cleaning closet. And there was a co and People were like, let's be real Conan. I can't believe Christina Applegate lives in this shitty Clean room and you guys charge me rent.


Yeah. No, it wasn't a lot of rent. But I just, I wanted to start by thanking you from the bottom of my heart for just always being just this light. Always such a great guest. Always so fantastic. And I have a very, such a very clear memory. Jim Lynn, I remembered when The Sopranos first came out and had been on for one season. It was the new thing. Everyone was talking about it. And it's nominated for all these Emmys. We are nominated too. We're in New York. I, I go, I get on my American Airlines flight and I sit in this American Airlines flight. And, and then the person sits down next to me and is James Gandolfini, who I'd never met.


And we talked the whole way. And he was just talking about like, yeah, I don't know what this is, this, he had such a, like, what is this? We're going to an award show. And I went, yeah, you're on the biggest show on television gym and you're the star of it. Anyway, he talked about act. We just had a lovely time. Yeah. And Oh, that's so cool. And, and my memory is they put me up at this hotel, I think it was the Four Seasons Hotel. And I walk out at one point, and you are standing there with your CoStar, Robert Eiler, and you're just like both standing there and you're your kids. I mean, how old would you have been? 17. Yeah. You're just your kids. And you, you were standing there right outside where the cars picked people up and, and you just both looked like you had been beamed to Mars.


Like you're here at the Emmy's. And I chatted with you guys for a second and remembered having this weird look at, oh, you're this crazy ride is just starting for you and I'm getting a sneak peek. And I remembered you just seeming like, I think she's gonna be good. She seems like such a grounded, nice kid. I think you're gonna be okay. That's So nice to say. Well, I can tell you, like, meeting you was like that you, I probably look, look like I had just been beam beam to Mars, because that's how we felt seeing you. That's how we always felt. Like seeing people that we admired and like Christina and actually, and I have talked about that you were our favorite show. Oh. Oh, that's nice. Because you just, you set us up, up to When we're talk, when we're talking to you, when we're talking to Jimmy Kimmel.


That's a whole other conversation. Yeah. We were lying to Jimmy. Yeah. I had dinner with, but I have a distinct memory because my brothers and I bonded over your show. Right, right. Like the bits in your show. We would talk about it all the time. And the first time I did your show, I was able to get my brother, my oldest brother, Adam in the front row there. And that was like, You know, it's one of those, like, I made it moments that you're able to share with the people that were there with you. So that was one of those for me. It's so funny. I have, I don't know if it's the Irish in me or whatever, but I get very nostalgic for all, all of us floating along on this journey. And then I see these people along the way. And so to get to check in with both of you is very nice.


I mean, yes, this is a podcast and we're doing this and there's gonna be an ad or something, but I don't, I don't fucking care about that. I feel like I'm talking to you guys. I'm checking in. Both of you have been through so much and you are doing a beautiful thing, which is you're sharing it, you're talking about it very frankly. You have your own podcast messy, and it's all about ms, which you're both dealing with and everything that happens. And I know that it's, I'm, you're helping a lot of people. But the strange thing I found about doing a podcast, and I'm not struggling. I'm struggling with just inherent craziness, but, but not Ms.


But what I have found is that it's healing for me to talk to people. And I am, it's, I'm imagine there's a component of doing this podcast where both of you are maybe doing some healing for yourselves about having this problem that you're being able to talk about it openly in this forum is probably helpful to you. Well, absolutely, 100%. I mean, that's how this all came about was when I was came out with my diagnosis in 2021, our friend Lance said, you gotta talk to Jamie. 'cause I'm sure you feel like you're on an island and you don't understand what's happening. And that's the person to talk to. And I had met Jamie a few times over the years, and it was like, we got on the phone and we were on the phone for hours.


And I felt like so less alone. Yeah. Sorry. I get, I get teary when I talk about my James. But yeah, It Helped, it healed me in that moment. And that's how this happened was it was like, we're talking about so much information and so much stuff that so many people newly diagnosed, or even people who have been diagnosed for years might not know about or, or wanna say the things that we say, like the brutal honesty about how painful it can be, how lonely it can feel, how awful it is. And then, You know, that's only coming from my mouth 'cause I'm negative Nelly. And then, then Jamie will be like, but let's breathe. You know? And I love you, Jamie. No, she Says she's, She gets pissed off about it Too.


Here's the interesting thing is it's, it's, it's not that one way to go is wrong and one is right. They're both No, no, no. That's, I was totally kidding. You know, by the way, it's like we, we have helped each other in the sense that I, I get to see some, a different side to all of this because of her. Yep. And she gets to be honest about how she feels sometimes about in ways that you didn't. Right. I don't wanna speak for you, but that's Yeah. But I, well, yeah. Well, 'cause I was noticing that Jamie Lynn, you got diagnosed much earlier than even I, I knew. Yeah. I was familiar with your diagnosis, but then I was shocked to find out that you got your diagnosis when you were on The Sopranos.


You were also working on Broadway at the time. And I just assumed that this came, You know, 10 years later because you didn't talk about it. You were afraid to talk about it because you thought you thought you could get fired. Is that right? Yeah, I think there was a lot of reasons. I think the initial, You know, drive to keep her to secret and protect me was the fear of being fired. The fear of not being horrible. Not f You know, to the fear of what people would think about this and me with this. I also think it allowed me to live in a state of denial for some time. Because if I didn't talk about it with anybody, then maybe it wasn't real.


But then, You know, over the years, as the disease started to manifest into what it would be for me physically, and I started to have to make up excuses and lies, it, it, it was really difficult. And as much as I could like regret that choice, I think it's really informed a lot about me and my life. And, You know, now what's so beautiful like with messy and having Christina and what I've learned about myself through this process is, You know, when you find community and when you, when you talk to somebody else, you can almost witness yourself a little bit and you can kind of take a step back and, and really acknowledge what you're going through and acknowledge that it's hard and that it's, that it sucks and that it can be unfair and all of those things.


But also really see the catalyst of it being the catalyst for a lot of growth and self-reflection. And, You know, I've lived with the disease for almost 24 years now. I was diagnosed when I was 20. And so I am, I am, I'm finding my way through and finding sort of the, the, the purpose from this pain. And I feel like, You know, that's all you can do with situations like this and messy is really what's propelled me into that way of thinking. Now I think there's an interesting thing that we live in this as, You know, this weird culture with probably misaligned priorities where, You know, people, if you're a quote celebrity, people expect that you shouldn't have anything to complain about.


And they, you're allowed to have problems. But sometimes I think you're expected to have problems that are self-destructive problems like addiction or you're, or you blew all your money in, You know, you did stupid things. But I think there's almost like a, a sense that, well wait a minute, you can get sick, you can get this disease. But you were on television. It's, I know that sounds like I'm saying something that would be painfully obviously true. No, no. But I think there is a little bit of a hiccup where you're both beautiful, talented, You know, actresses that people know from iconic work.


You have a you got it, you got sick. What do you mean you got sick? What did you do? No, I didn't do anything. I, I just, it just happened. And it happens to a lot of people. Does that, does that feel that there's a weird way in which it's not fitting the narrative of being a successful, You know, celebrity? Well, I think one of the things that I've come across, You know, I mean, and I don't really leave the house anymore. And I mean, if people saw what my life was like on the daily, they wouldn't, they wouldn't be able to do it. 'cause I can sometimes not do it. It's really, really hard. But I think that the first thing that I hear from people is how did you get it? Yeah. Meaning I must have done something wrong Yeah.


In my life to have this disease. I did it to myself. It's like I had breast cancer as well, so Oh, you must have done something. Yeah. You know, and it's, and that, that stigma is, You know, I'm used to it now, but it was for while. Like, it was so hard to swallow because why the f would you think that I would do something to have this? Yes. Yeah. Because this is the worst thing I've ever had in my life. This is the worst thing I've ever gone through. So do You know I'm gonna start crying? You do, You know, You know, I'm gonna cry, cry baby of fit two Of us, cry all you want, and then I'm gonna start crying. I'm just having a pissy day today. I'm having a bad MSC day, so, Oh, I'm sorry. Well, no, but no, but cry and then I'm gonna cry and I'm gonna make my assistant David cry.


I'll and you'll cry. Yeah. He, I make him cry all the time because I, every day Okay. Every hour, I'm very verbally abusive. Yeah. This is what this podcast does recipe. But mine is just like me being really verbally abusive. Yeah. If he doesn't make at least five people cry a day, it's Yeah. I feel like I haven't done my job. It's a job day. Yeah. I'll tell you, I where it, I mean, obviously Christina, where it comes from is, it's ter it's terrifying to people. That shit happens. And so people need to work backwards and say, okay, wait a minute. Wait a minute.


Wait a minute. Did you eat a lot of food with zinc in it? You know? No, I didn't. Oh, oh my, did you, my God. Did you take like a lot of escalators? Some people can get ms. No, no, no. That's stupid. That was online. No, whatever. I'm making shit up clearly. But it is, it is a, You'd be, you'd be surprised at the, the, the cures that I get told about, like, I have this holy water and I know it will cure your ms. I'm like, really? That's amazing because there's millions of us Yeah. Across the globe who still have it. Right? Yeah. Right. And they've probably, You know, done this with the holy, I mean, come on. Yeah. Come On. Yeah. Well, I think that that's, that's, but that's the part of the fear, Part Of the gift of the r the, the position I think that we have that it's, You know, taken me a long time to accept.


I think, You know, acceptance is hard for anyone no matter what you're dealing with. I think it's like the, a huge challenge in your life to accept that a situation is what it is. But I, but what I am looking now is an opportunity, is what I thought would sort of bring me out of this business. And I, and even when I was out about having MS and working, and it was always people very helpful. Like, oh, we'll just walk around it, or we'll get you a walking double when the person walks away. You know, so you look able-bodied and normal. Right. You know, now it's at this point where I'm like, no, if you're wanna cast me in this, this is the body I'm in. Because the, my life doesn't revolve around ms. If anything, it could enrich a story.


And I think that we don't see enough, enough people like us on camera. We don't see enough people that have disabilities that are not defined by their disability within a story a lot of the time. And so, You know, I think that we do have a position and a power now just to really try and change the perception around that celebrities can get sick, but that you can also keep like, doing what you love. Yeah. And keep living your life. You know, I think that it's, it's very scary for people and yeah, you can feel like, You know, people are super human when they're a celebrity, but no, we're just human beings that are doing what we love.


It just happens to be in front of a lot of people. Right, right. And now we can use that power for something else. It's weird. It's an occupational hazard. I always think it's an occupation, like working in a shoe store or anything else. It just has this other side to it, which is people recognize you, they recognize you from working in A shoe store. That's how Jim Gini felt. I'm sure. Really. He told you that on that plane? I mean, yeah. I mean, he was, yeah. He, he's like, why don't you want my plumbers autograph? Like, it did. It just didn't make sense to him why he had to have that piece of this, You know? Right, Right. I can completely understand that. One question that came to me is, and this is for both of you, and maybe I'll start with you, Christina, is when did you, what's the first symptom, or when did you start to think something isn't, something feels off?


Is it subtle or does it hit you like a ton of bricks? It was January, 2021. My mom had just been diagnosed with cancer for the third time, and there was some other stuff going on in my life. And it was, it was a really stressful, traumatic time. And my toes started to feel numb. Just my toes, You know, like a little bit. I was still hiking, I was still playing tennis, I was still doing all the things I could do, but my toes weren't feeling right. And eventually over those months, it grew from my toes to my ankles, to from my knees down is a whole other ball game. Yeah. Yeah. And I was losing balance. And I, but the pain was extraordinary.


And when I say numb, you, it's numb, but it hurts. Yeah. Yeah. So it was like these like very subtle things that happened. And finally someone was like, well, it, it was actually Selma Blair said, can you please go to the neurologist? Yeah. And I was like, no, there's, I was like, there's no way that the both of us from the same movie of Ms. I was like, you crazy. And it was like, that was the end of it for, You know, and by then I had gotten so bad and I was in the middle of shooting dead to me. So we had to really stop for a minute and figure out how to do this. But what's interesting is I look back on over time, and probably for like six years, I was having weird things happening.


Like, fluorescent lights would bother me and make me dizzy. And being up on a platform, I, I would get afraid of the height. I was never afraid of heights. I'd be playing tennis and like my right leg would buckle and I'd be like, Ooh, I must be dehydrated. Or it's too hot out here. I mean, there were like the tiniest little things that, that you would completely ignore otherwise, because there's probably an answer for all of them. But the numbness in my toes and as it started to grow up was, was very much announced in my fingers. And, and it just, it starts to, You know, it over time, it, it gets worse, You know, but it's, that's how it happened For me. And when, and when you say, like, you, you, you've referenced I think twice now that you're having a really bad day.


What does that mean? You're having a really bad Ms. Day? How does that manifest itself? Is it, is it in the physical, is it dealing with it? Is it, it's the physical and, and that affects you also emotionally too, I imagine? Well, yeah. I mean, You know, to go to the bathroom, it's like walking on on needles. Yeah. And hot lava. So like, I haven't really been able to get out of my bed today, so I'm having just a bad symptomatic day. And that can be, You know, from anything from, and I always get scared that this, this is now my new normal and I get afraid that this is the new normal. And then I'll have a day where I'm never good. I'm just less shitty. Yeah. So those less shitty days, I'm like, oh, okay.


So that was just a symptomatic day. It was like, either I didn't sleep enough or I didn't eat enough, or I'm stressed out. A lot of times stress or, You know, anything like that really affects, it can make it much worse. But there isn't a day where I'm like skipping down, You know, skipped Malu down the street. Although I try sometimes, right. Jamie, I'll send you videos. I'm like, you'll I'm trying to skip, I'm skipping today. Yeah, exactly. And then like the next, then 10 minutes later I'm like, I can't move a thing. I can't move. Or else she doesn't have Ms. There's TMZ footage of her skipping down the lane singing. She's making it Up. This is, Damn, I good.


Damn. I'm a good actress if I'm making this one up. Applegate is so full of shit. Always was, I, I would much probably get an Oscar for having Tourettes than I would for like, and I'm not making fun of trs. 'cause I, I love Balen out loud. I don't know If you guys have seen it, but she's beautiful and I want to be her best friend. But yeah. For the casting, You Know, but also I was, I've noticed that on you've always had, and you, and I love that you get to do it on Dead. To me, you get to say some of the meanest things on Dead to Me, so much fun. And, and It's, it's, and and you do it where it's like, yes, you're a really good actress, but I can also tell that you're accessing some part of you that wants to tell somebody he's a fuck stick.


Yes. And I don, I don't, I don Dunno how Liz Feldman knew that, that I existed on the planet. Yeah. Yeah. Like she wrote it. It was already there. Yeah. And then she was like, oh my God, this is you. Yes. And I'm like, sadly. Yes. Sadly. How did You know I had a filthy mouth and a lot of rage? No. The best, the best acting job I've ever done is being Christina Applegate out in the public. That is my greatest. That's your Oscar. Funny. Yeah. Yeah. Everything's Good. Cheery. Yeah. And then I'm home and I'm like, fuck this shit. That's what podcasts are for. Ooh. That's right. And Jamie Lynn, when did You know that, what happened? How was it for you?


Is it the same? Does it start with like, to tingling in the toes or what? Yeah, that was actually pretty similar for me. When I was 19, I had something similar, like weird numbness in my toes. And then it was rising over a couple of days. And it, it was actually right before we were starting the third season. And I ended up in the emergency room and then the ICU for 14 days. Nobody could figure out what I had. They, I had ruled out, they had ruled out MS at the time. 'cause there was no findings on MRIs or whatever. And I got diagnosed with Lyme's disease actually, initially. Right. And they had had me in a bunch of steroids and antibiotics. And in hindsight, I think the steroids is what, like, picked me up out of it. But a year and a half after that started to get that numbness again and went to the ho I was in the middle of the fourth season and I started to feel the numbness.


I thought I was just gonna kind of ask for more antibiotics. And they redid testing and diagnosed me with ms. So it was shocking and not at all what I was expecting to hear And to hear it that, I mean, at that age, you've gotta just be, I don't know, feel, felt like you hit, got hit like by a meteor. Like you're standing in a cornfield and a meteor hit you. Like it's, it's, it doesn't Make any, yeah. It's weird. I can like, I can remember sitting in the hospital room and my parents were there and I had two friends too. And the doctor was talking after, he said it became kind of like, like in a movie where all of the talking just starts sounding like muffled. Right. And like, the room kind of gets dizzy.


And I just kind of blocked it out. We went home, I spoke to my family about it. I went to a doctor's appointment for like a checkup for the show. Right. Like, you have to get like a sign off that you're healthy. And I told him, and he told me I wouldn't, I wouldn't repeat that again. And so that's what I did. Wow. I just kept it quiet. I didn't know that part. Yeah. I mean's he was trying to protect me and I understood. You know, but it's a hard One to hold in though, babe. Especially when you are the best at teaching me to advocate for myself and to have boundaries on set and to say, Hey, this is what I need. You gave me that power.


And for you to have to go every day and, and take that insight, Pretend inside, this isn't even happening. No, I can Can't Even in can, like you can't talk about it. Yes. It makes me want to Mm. Sad face. Well, it's interesting because we have all these fears. There's a terror. It's not, You know, just in our culture, it's in many cultures we have a, but particularly we have a terror of people who maybe we've idolized or put up on a pedestal in any way being sick the same way we do there. There's this whole attitude about people getting older. And that's something where people are constantly feeling that they need to scrub how old they are or pr or, or do things or go through ridiculous procedures to make sure that nobody thinks that they're the age they are.


It's, it's another kind of, let's just pretend that this doesn't happen to people. And I've taken the very bold move of having no work done. And I think it's so brave. So brave. You're So brave. Thank, thank You. You're so brave. Well, I think of the three of us, I'm the brave one. And, and in a way you're, You're the hero. You're the Hero. Conan maybe the one I who's been through the most because I, and maybe I'm going on a limb here and I, I'm told I I don't have the best sense of the room. Yeah. But I'm just letting it go. As a 40, as a 44-year-old man, I'm just letting it happen for you. No one is fact checking this.


No, there's no internet. Never was and never will be. No. So how did you, you guys started talking together and at one point, because it's such, You know, there's a lot of new technology and new kind of types of broadcasting and reaching out to people that can feel invasive and lame. But I do think that podcasting is particularly well suited to what the two of you were talking about because it's so intimate and people can really hear what both of you are going through. It's a great thing that this medium exists right now for, for what you're doing and for the message that you're trying to get out.


And not even that it's a message, it's conversations that both of you are having that feel very confessional and it feel like there's no topic. You're not, you're not working through. Okay, we're gonna get to this then we're gonna get to this, then we're gonna get to get to this. It very much feels like you two are hanging out and there are good days and bad days. Yeah, I was gonna say, well, we never really have a plan. I mean, obviously when we have a guest we, You know, most of the time there's someone that we know quite well. Right. So that's easy to just talk with them. We don't have a list of questions really. I mean, You know, there's, if we start to go off the rails, our our producer will text like, hey, let's, she Starts texting us.


She starts texting and going like, bring it back to something to like a subject. But I was gonna say that with the podcast. It wasn't like Jamie and I were like, how can we go around talking about this? I mean, it was, I was actually getting in my infusion for my Ms and Jenna Fisher from the office, she's a good friend of mine. She came to hang with me for the six hours that it takes. And she's like, and she knows my humor and the way I talk. She's like, you've gotta do a podcast, man. And then it was so, it was like, after that Jamie and I started talking. I was like, oh my God, this is like, like our lives. And I feel so much better every time I'm talking. Sorry about that. That's my phone telling me to put my feet in the hot bath with Epsom salts.


Your phone tells you to do that? Yeah. Well have I, it does, it knows. It knows that I'm in pain and I need to do it. That's, I have an alarm. I have an alarm for one 30. This is gonna lead into an ad. What is your phone telling me to do? No key. My phone. I don't even know. My phone tells me to stop going on that site. It's creepy. I'm like, what's creepy about it? That's The thing with, it really came from our conversations. We always wanted to be honest and raw and real and not have a plan. Because sometimes the best plan is to have no plan. And then other times I'm just am told to be quiet and to stop talking so much by our producer. No.


Yep. Not by me, Not by you. But I also too, You know, MS looks different for everybody. It affects everybody differently. Whether it's day to day or just, You know, body to body. And I think it's about, You know, giving yourself the grace and the space to express what you need to feel in the ups and downs of it. And also to, You know, not a lot of people know a lot about MS is to also educate. But in general, I think, and we have learned that the more specific you get with your vulnerability, the more universal it becomes for other people. So, You know, we get to hear from a lot of other people that listen to us, that don't just have MS that, You know, hear what we're going through and hear what we're, we're trying to push through and accept and all those things through their own filter and how they sort of apply it to their lives.


And so, You know, over the past year it's really been an exercise and Christine and I getting to know each other and sharing a lot about our lives. Right. And I feel like now it's not fully transitioned, but we've opened ourselves up now to having a lot of people really try to help us Yeah. Help us individually and where we're at. And You know, it's, we're, we're still here and we, we we have children and, and dreams and, and lives and friends and people that we care about. And we're trying to figure out how to, You know, make it the best we can. It's also, and and that's important to point out. It's not, I think one of the reasons it's such a great idea is that it's not, hey, if you've got Ms you should check out messy.


That's not at all what it's about. Yeah, sure. If, if you do, then, then yes. But it really is about people struggling and actually people that You know, people that, I mean for both of you, there are a lot of people that grew up watching you and have an emotional connection with you. And that's something that's very powerful that gives you this gift of oh, they know you, they know you and you are part of their lives. You're part of a, a part of their life that they're only gonna be that old once. And you were a big part of their life then. And so now they're getting the gift of perspective of whatever that means. Everyone has stuff in their life.


But I'm constantly, You know, we just had these fires out here in LA and I'm, You know, so I'm living in a hotel and people will say to me, oh, I'm so sorry. And I cut them off and I'm like, I'm living in a hotel. I know a lot of people who lost their homes. Like I, so yeah. I don't have, I have been inconvenienced, but it's stupid. I, I feel stupid when anyone says anything to me. 'cause I know I many people who work here, several, two people that work here lost their homes. And, and a lot of my writer friends on the Simpsons lost their homes. And a lot of people in and around my neighborhood lost their home.


And so I did not, I'm in a hotel and so my complaint is they don't make the smoothie quite the way I like it. It's not the way I would That's annoying. Do it if I was at home. What's wrong with the world? Why does God hate me? God, why have you? You Need to, you need to come on messy and talk about it. Yes. Talk to you Whatever you want. Well, first of all, before we go any further smoothie before Yeah ladies, I'm here to talk about, there's this guy at this high end hotel to Beverly Hills. Who, but no, I think that perspective is not something you get.


And then you have like, someone gives you a gold pocket watch and you have it in your pocket the rest of your life. I always think it's like stomach crunches or any kind of, you just, You know, unfortunately you've gotta keep doing it or stretching or You know, any of the rehab or anything of the, of the exercises that you need to do or self-care you need to do. You have to keep at it. I think that's way about perspective. We just have to keep at it. Because yes, I am this, but these other people are going through that and it's always the yin and the yang. It's always gonna be that. And so I think the fact that the two of you are sharing this and You know, Christina, when you were saying earlier, oh I'm sorry I'm getting weepy, I'm having a bad day.


The whole point is to tell us that and to let it happen. Yeah. Yeah. I mean we've, we've covered so many topics too. I mean it's not like if we just sat there and talked about MS all day, we'd be like, or I'm probably not. I'd just be crying the whole time. Right. We've had episodes about eating disorders and, and bitches, You know, like, just So well wait a minute. Let's talk about Bitches For a second. I mean, let's, now, now you've got my, I mean I go For it Christina. I Was really liking this, but now it's another level She knows. Said I get pissed off when I lay back when we're recording and I look like this, like my fire, my anger inside of myself talking about bitches. Just people who are just bitches.


Bitches. So bitches. Bitches. Awful. Humans, Bitches is all genders. Right. It's, if it's, it's everybody. Of course You know, it, it includes me is what you're saying. You know, you, You're my biggest bitch ever. I knew I'd make it. You are My I to the top. Well, I can't, I haven't even told Jamie. 'cause Jamie and I are probably gonna record next week 'cause You know, whatever. And I, I have so much to tell you about some bitches. I can't wait. Mama got vicious in the text messages. Do you drop names? You don't drop names? I don't. No, no, no. It's, I think we should, I mean, why not?


Well, we, You know, what we have had though is a lot of like past co-stars. Like we had Ed O'Neill. Yeah. We had Ededie Falco. And it was really interesting and wonderful to like have these conversations with people that knew us when we were kids. Yeah. You know, in our like formative years and really get their perspective of us. And for also to like have a conversation like with Edie where she forever felt like a mother figure to me because of the way we met. Yep. But now to have a conversation as two women, You know, and, and peers in a way. It was, it's been really beautiful to be able to like, have these deep personal conversations on the podcast with people that are important to us.


That also people like relate to us. But to get to see a different side of it. Yes. It's interesting to me too, You know, from my lens of, You know, Christina, those times that you would come on or Jamie Lynn, the Times you would come on, it's, I would see you in this very, I I love that format. But it was, but ba bam, You know, You know what from the Sopranos, You know, You know, You know from marry from children, Christina Bum, Hey, what's going on? And it's this, it's, I could listen to you do that all day. I know, I know. Me too Weird know. I know. But I swear to God it's weird. It's, it's, it was 30 years of my life and it's in my head where I'll be brushing my teeth and I'll be like, and alright, we're back.


I'm using Crest toothpaste 'cause it gets it white, You know? But I guess it's still a conversation. And I was still getting to know you and you are these, You know, much younger than me. And, and and, and now I'm checking in on you in this very different way. And it's nice, it feels really nice to speak to both of you. And I'm sorry that you got, both of you got hit with this sack of shit. 'cause that's what it is for no reason. I'm really sorry about that. And it's, I pooped myself yesterday so it goes in Oh goes on brand with what we're Talking about. Me Too. I'm just Saying. Just saying. I'm just saying.


But I'm saying it's very nice. I'm grateful for this medium that allows us to talk this way and check in and people, You know, a lot of people can hear it and hear how you're doing and hear about your podcast. Which, and and it's a, it's just, I'm very grateful that we get to do this. You know. Me too. Thank you. I'm, I've been, yeah. This my favorite moments, honestly, Conan, when I would come on there for like the 30th time or whatever was when we'd go to commercial and you and I would just talk. Yeah. It was like, it was like the best thing ever. The show was over, You know, the like pre-interview. We, we did our bits, I did my, You know, stories.


Yeah. And you and I would just sit and talk Yeah. During that two, two and two Chuck Woolery. Yeah. And I remember, yeah. I don it. Remember that commercial break, You know, trying to do that with, with Jamie Lynn. And she said, this interview's over and Yeah. Usually That's so Jamie. But You know, I, She said, she said, this interview's over and then she said, my people and seven people came and took her away. And one of 'em hint up. I get That's exactly what would Happened. That is not what happened. Well I was actually gonna say I've just never felt very good at like that side of this business. Yeah. It's just always felt like, I don't know, it just, it it, it would bring out insecurities and things in me that weren't great.


However, doing your show, and I mean this with every part of me, there was never an ounce of nerves. You know, maybe the first time 'cause it was 'cause I was such a fan, but it was just, you always brought ease and, and enjoyment. Oh good, good. I would leave on a high and so happy. Like I just had the best, You know, 20 minutes of my life. So Thank you. Really? You would Get 20 minutes. Minutes. I'd get like eight to 12. No, you were, you Would get, you would get I Was counting commercial break. Kristin, Christina would get like five at the most. I just, that's why she kept coming back. I would also, and I knew if I was curled to you, Christina, you'd keep coming back and you Did. Of course. Yes. Well, I did. That's why I got that how it works.


Cleaning closet. But I was gonna say, what was so awesome is that you, you listened. Yeah. Yeah. And we, we sometimes wouldn't even get to the questions, man. Yeah. Because you, you were like one of the only ones who listened, who didn't have like a vacant look on their face waiting for the next like get to the part that you're supposed to say and let's get to the next question. You would listen and so you and I would just did feel like real and loose and it wasn't a show. I love you. Yeah, yeah. You know that, You know that I've always absolutely adored you. Well I am, I mean, I was coming in today. I knew I'd be talking to both of you and I was thinking, I really want to check in with them because I care about these people and I'm invested in them because I have this avuncular like, You know, well I knew them when they were these young ladies that used to come by and I would make a cookie for them and talk to them and You know, and I want to see how they're doing.


And I, I'm so again, I'd do anything in the world if I could change this reality for both of you. And I can't. But anything I can do to raise awareness to do anything. I mean, my, my father was a scientist who devoted his life to trying to find ways to make people better. And my hope is that science will find ways and anything we can do, I mean anything I can do to help both of you, and I'd also like to come on your podcast, You know, we Would, we would Love It. Oh my God. Seriously. But Here's, let's Just, well I don't think Conan was gonna make me cry today, But here's the thing.


I want to talk about my fee. Oh, It's a hundred thousand dollars and it's gotta be in a, it's cash in a suitcase or I fucking Want That's more than I've even made doing the podcast. Well, listen sister, sister, okay. It's time for me to get tough with you too. Alright. Okay. You're not I'm not gonna soften up 'cause of this whole MS thing. I get top dollar. You're the next bitch They're gonna talk about. Yeah. This bitch Wants a hundred thousand dollars to come on the No, I, David is right here and David's the one that does the schedule. He's in charge of my life. But I would love to come on and talk to you on your podcast.


Oh, thank you. And, and, and do You know, I consider us friends and I would like to help. So let me know what I can do. Thank you. And I'm just saying that because thank you so much. This is, once this is over, I'm not gonna do anything. You know that this is just Right. Of course. That, but this is the image you need to put out. Right. So It's beens recorded. It's, This is what's called performative. You know, this is me, the is the paparazzi here. And they, they, they get a picture of me going to the hospital to visit, You know, the people. And then I go out the back and I shop for a Rolex. There you go. Yeah. So we Have Hollywood secrets here. I like it.


It's, no, I really want to come do do yours. And yeah. And really, I really want to get into the bitches thing, so Oh yeah, Yeah. Maybe we should save the bitch conversation for when Conan comes on. Yeah. Oh, That's so bad you guys. It's so bad. It's almost my, no, this particular thing that happened this week is like, I don't even know if I can even talk about it, but, well I've, I've got my own bitches to talk about two of whom are in this room. Okay. You Can talk about your, yeah, you can talk about your bitches. Yeah. I am looking at one of 'em right now. Eduardo. Eduardo Strays over here. No. Hey, that's not a stray. That is. You know what you did and you're gonna pay for it. Fuck with my microphone. I love you both. And I love you too, babe.


Love. I haven't even said that. Love you. I never said that to my parents, so I should say it to you. That's not true. I'm kidding. Wait a minute. Hold on. Checking. Nope. 1977, the, the summer Elvis died. I told them I I I'm in your corner and let me know what I can do and I will see you on your podcast. We'll talk about bitches. Yes. You'll, and I'm thinking about you both and thank and sending you whatever crazy Irish Catholic energy is within me, half of which is malevolent for sure. But take it. I I'll take it. Yeah. You know what you can send me. 'cause I ask all my very, very, very wealthy friends. Yep. $6 million. Okay. Just like not alone.


Jesus. I made that today. I mean Okay. Just, just 6 million. 6 million. I know it sounds weird. No, I just closed. I asked, I don knew for 6 million. I ask him every time I talk to him. I just bought and closed an orphanage and I got 6 million. Okay. There you go. And then I I, I have a lot of investments with defense contractors who make claim war minds. Those are the wines that really, so yes ladies, just have a, Christina I hope your day gets better. Thank you honey. And it is really lovely to talk to both of you and weird thing to say, 'cause I'm not your uncle, but I'm really proud of both of you. Extremely proud of you. Thank you. So let's just, I'm your comedy uncle, your weird comedy uncle.


And that's, we're getting Better. We're getting Creepier only kind of uncles we want. Okay. Yeah. The weird comedy uncle with the red wig. And That's right. Be well. And thank you, thank so much for being here today and and sharing with me. I really appreciate it. I love you. Thank you for having us. All right. Bye Bye. Okay. I have something very tangentially Oscars related, which I don't think I've said on Mike, how how great a job you did on by way. Well, thank You very much. Thank you. I enjoyed myself thoroughly. I had a really good time. The Oscars are big in our family. It's like the Super Bowl. And my wife sat down with my daughter to do a little arts and crafts and they decided that they would try to predict what all of the famous people would be wearing at the Oscars.


Interesting. Okay. And so I just wanna show you, because your Daughter is quite young, She's three and a half. Three And a half. Okay. And So is my wife. Yeah. And this is what my wife did for Cynthia Arrivo and Ariana Grande. Okay. I just wanna show this. And so, wait a minute. That's pretty, that Close. They Were wearing very architectural dresses. Look At this. That's Insane. So now I'm living with a woman who is convinced she's psychic and I don't believe in that kind of stuff. But now I have to say, I don't know what's real. Wait A minute. Wait a minute. Yeah. The fact that your wife did that prior to the Oscars and seeing what they were gonna wear few days before. Okay, I'm gonna say this. That is eerie. That is eerily close. Unless, is she someone who pays attention to how they normally No, not at all.


She had no idea. She just took a guess. I think she was going kind of off their wicked characters a little bit. Yeah. But isn't this incredible? Is it mean if I say she draws like a 10-year-old too? Yes. Okay. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It certainly is. Yeah. It's, I thought those Were pretty good. Yeah, You do. Well Wait till you see how my daughter draws. Oh, I thought those were your Daughters. I mean, no offense to Amanda, But No, but also we were, you were up close. 'cause I got you some seats. Yeah, you did. I hooked you up. Yeah, you hooked Me all. And you could see Ariana Grande trying to sit in that dress. Yes. And oh, she had to. It was not easy. She had to, I think, sit on the edge of the seat. 'cause it of those She couldn't recline.


No, Those are not sitting dresses. Yeah. These ain't sitting dresses. Okay. Okay. Anyway, stay on, we'll stay on topic. Okay, well, that's It for that. But this is, this came up earlier about Ray fines. This is my daughter's prediction of, of what Ray fines would Be wearing. Again, spot on. She Says that's his little hat. Okay. But then this is where it gets pretty interesting. This is Zoe Salana. Oh, Okay. Okay. And my favorite here. Adrian Brody. And she pointed out what all of the pieces are here. Oh, Little bow. Yeah. Hair. Bum bum. That's His butt. And a toot coming out. Oh, fart. He poopies and potty and he does go peepee pee pee.


Wow. Is it his peepee or he's pee peeing? I think he's, You know, I'm not sure. I'll have to get back to you on that. Can I Say Yeah, I'd like the, I'd Like to clarify. Can I say clarify? I was backstage when all that was going down Yeah. With Adrian Brody and all of that happened. Yeah. This is accurate. Bombs two coming out, up out. We were hosing that place down. He was Pooping in the potty and he had the pee pee. We all heard it the first time. We're good. We don't need your recital of the facts. Oh, by the way, If you wanna see these, just go to at Team Coco podcasts on Instagram. So I think that's a pretty, that's pretty impressive. This is crazy. Right? I think that's crazy that your wife was able to do that. Look at that. We should do this.


We should predict what people are gonna wear and stuff. We do it here around for certain guests. Oh, That's right. We do. That's Do that. We should talk about this. That's, I didn't Eduardo speak. You're not involved in this. I'm involved in this An office pool that happens for certain guests. Okay. I'd say the aa a listers. Right. Where the office around here starts to guess and wonder what they're gonna come in dressed like. Yeah. To my recollection, it was Goldie ha, Jane Fonda and Al Pacino. That's Right. Yeah. Yeah. So there, so there's guesses. So we already kind of, now How close did you come? I, I'm not good at this game. Yeah. But there's other people within the office that are So those aren't the only three AAA listers? No, no.


They Were just Was only three. Those are the only ones we did. Yeah. Yeah. But, But Nobody got Goldie. Huh? 'cause she came in in like a body glove wetsuit or something like that. Remember? She had like a, was it a wetsuit? No, it wasn't a wetsuit, but it was like a, a sport tank top or like Something, almost like a swim seat. Yeah. It was very beachy. Yeah. Well, To be fair to her, she came right from deep diving. That's right. For pearls without a tank. So, I mean, she came right from that and brought us all fresh pearls. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It was pretty, she was amazing by the way. She was Holy honey, If you have not listened to her interview, check it out. Because I, I loved talking to her. Yeah. She's incredible. And loved to, she loved amazing.


And her memory of things that happened to her when she first moved to New York in Yeah. The sixties. And she didn't have a place to live yet. It was, and she talked all about all of it as if it happened yesterday. I know. It was so imagery and everything was incredible. I love her so much. Anyway, But yeah, we do that. We talk about, I mean, Ruthie's the one who's kind of spearheading it and she goes around And makes people guess list What dress, what people are gonna dress Up. Do people ever guess what I'm gonna be wearing when I come in? No one Ever talks about you. That's weird. You just never come up. I guess it's 'cause I'm so ubiquitous. Well, I think they forget that you do this podcast sometimes. Yeah. Also, I tend to wear the same thing a lot. You do.


I have a kind of, I have kind of a uniform. You're like A Steve Jobs. Yeah. You know what I mean? In my ability to lead the world of tech. No, no, no, no. I meant like, just like wearing the same stuff A lot. Oh, I thought you meant the other way in which I, but This works. Yeah. Sometimes We just, the hoodie with the blazer come in. Yes. Oh, That's True. It means cartoonishly hyperactive. Yeah. Just versus what Scale of one through 10 maybe. Like how, How high out the, the novel be turned up. Yeah. How, Yeah. Bitty, you might be Bitty. Where are we today? I think today's like a, You know, I, I find a tendency that when we haven't recorded in a while Yes. There's like this freshness and there's like a layer that's like pent up bits.


Yeah. But also like bits also, also just friendlier. Like That's true. Yeah. Like he's happy to see everyone. I'm worried about next week. 'cause we have four sessions on the book booked me and by Friday he's just gonna be beating us. Yeah. What, what? Well, I don't physically Yes, I do physically beat you. I'm sorry. And that's probably wrong and I shouldn't admit to that on, on Mike, but yes, it is true. I was away from you guys. I've been up in Seattle visiting my in-laws with my wife and love Seattle. Shout out to Seattle and shout out to Pam and Jake Powell. Seattle. Seattle. Powells. Powells. You're wearing your Seahawks. Seattle Mariners S Oh, that's the Mariners. Yeah.


And anyway, Yeah, Microsoft, it doesn't, It doesn't work the same way. Boeing, Boeing, bow needles, Space or otherwise Amazon. Oops. Anyway, yeah, had a, had a wonderful time with the Powells, as I always do. And I really love Seattle. But what happened after being away for like eight days is I do miss you guys and I do miss this total Ry that we engage in. I don't know what else to call it. That's Accurate foolishness. So I come in and I'm doing it's bits right away. Bits but Bits right away.


Then when we do a bunch of shows in a row towards the end, I feel like one of those, You know, jackpot machines with just the, it's been pulling on the handle again and again and again and again. There's no coins left. Oh. And then I want everyone to fuck Off. There he is. There he is. All right. We wrapping it up. Yeah. This was just a segment. So there's no, I just looked down. Am my introducing, I don't know how this podcast works. No, you don't. You want me doing in five years? Oh, you wrap it up. You know what can I talk about something that you don't know how it works that would help me in editing is every time when you do the intro and you say, these are my guests, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.


And then, then you say their name is the last thing you say. I really need to pause there because there's a musical break between that. And I always have to find a strange, Okay. That helps me. Yeah. That's constructive criticism. That's right. No, it's nothing you're doing wrong. You didn't know, but I just didn't want to try to explain that to you. It's been, but I don't Know why. It's been five years and you've never, ever, ever thought to maybe just suggest to me you're that afraid of me. And that's on me. Okay. Yeah. Well, well I wish I had a guest that I could introduce right now. 'cause I'm gonna tell you how I'm gonna do it in the future. Okay. Okay. Do You wanna just try it again with their names one more time? Sure. With with Christina, You know, it's the end of the episode.


Yeah. And Jamie Lynn. Sure. My guest today hosts the podcast Messy, which releases new episodes every Tuesday wherever you get your podcast. I'm very excited they're here today. Oh man. Oh oh. Christina Applegate and Jamie Lynn Sigler. Perfect welcome. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sono of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive, produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes, incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino taken away.


Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aren Blair, and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick, talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista, and Brit Khan. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Cocoa Hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash Conan.


And If you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded.