
Have you met all modern? Excuse me, have you? I have not. AllModern. Who thinks making your home modern with fresh furniture and decor should be easy? Mm. Okay. That's why all modern's team of modern, obsessed experts, hand vets each designed for quality. And did we mention they offer fast and free shipping? I love free shipping. Isn't it the best? I do love it. Because sometimes you buy something you really like and they go, oh, one more thing. We can get it to you for $9 million. What? Yeah. Yeah. It's going on a camel anyway. But this means with all modern, you can update your home in days, not weeks, not months, not years. So whether you're updating your living room with a plush rug and sofa, renewing your bedroom with a clean line bed, or re-imagining your dining area with a durable new dining set, all modern has everything you need to bring your vision to life. From minimalist to Maximalist. Mm. I've always wanted to say that. That's modern made for real life. Shop now at AllModern dot com.


Sona, wouldn't you say that life is full of personal wins? I would Conan, thanks, Sona. Whether it's cleaning your house, getting that dream car, or checking off your to do list, winning at life is a great feeling. I'm pretty good at winning at life, aren't I? Sona? Are. Are you okay? Keep moving. State Farm helps you win by helping you create an affordable price just for you. Doesn't that sound like a win, Sona? That I like an affordable price just for Me. Yes, you do. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on ratings, plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer. Availability amounts of discounts and savings and eligibility buried by state. That's my low voice.


Hi, my name is Christina Ricci and I feel pretty good about being Conan Press frame. Pretty good. Oh my God. I don't think pretty good is a bad thing. But I've had this argument with an ex-boyfriend who was like, why are you always qualifying good? It means it isn't that good. Yeah. And look at, and I was like, no, it's pretty Good. Look at, I'm falling right into the old boyfriend mode. Yeah. Pretty good. What's wrong with like amazing or really good or just good? Ooh, I feel fantastic. No. Too late. Oh shit. Back to school. Ring bell. Brand shoes. Walking loose the fence.


Hey there. And welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Everything is different today. Everything is different today. And not in a good way. Let me explain. Matt Gorley called in. He says he's sick. Yeah, I suspect him of just goofing around. Oh. Or whatever. He didn't seem sick. I saw him yesterday. I saw him this morning. Do you guys hang out without me? I live with him. We live together. I saw him on a zoom today. He looked rough. Oh, he did. He maybe He might really be sick. He was laying down. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it doesn't mean he's sick, it just means he's relaxing. Anyway, Matt Gurley not here. So what happens is they said, okay, Matt Gurley's not here. Is it okay if David hopping sits in?


And I'm like, Ugh. Sure. But then I said, okay, no, David, you, You know that you're, you took, you filled in for Sona. You now do the day-to-day assistance stuff. And Sona, I don't know what you do, but somehow you get paid more than you ever were paid before. But anyway, who can understand how this company works? I don't know who's in charge. So you're sitting in, but then we're about to record and a bunch of people, I don't even know, come outta the house, the house, the studio. And they say, camera's down, Conan's camera's down. People are scrambling around. Because this can also be seen on the YouTube. Yeah, it can be seen on the various, the YouTube. On the YouTube. The, the YouTube.


Well, on the various YouTubes. Yes. YouTube and our, feel free to jump in at any time there. YouTube or talk a lot. YouTube and our social channels. Yes. At some Coco. No, no. And don't feel like I just shamed you. You're allowed to jump in whenever you want. Yeah. Just make sure it's valuable. So there's video. Yeah. My camera's down. My camera's usually right across from me that way. But now my camera's way over to this side. Yeah. And I have to torque my whole body to see my camera and put those blue pees into the everlasting light. Now here's the other thing. It's different. Sona usually sits over on this side. Yeah. Next to me. Next to you. She's always to my right.


Andy Richter. All those years that I was doing the talk show, almost 30 years was too my right. Hmm. Sona is now diagonally across from me. Yeah. And so I don't like that. Oh, I don't like anything that's happening today. And I look directly across from me. And you are here, David. Yeah. So everything, and I know people say, what's the diff, what's the big diff Larry Bird? Larry Bird when he played for the Celtics and he was on that parquet floor in the old garden. He knew where the dead spots were in the wood. He knew.


He knew that court inside and out. And this is my court. I am Larry Bird. This is my Parquet floor. The year is 1984. And I'm playing at an incredible elite level. And I've got a very wispy mustache in my upper lip. And I come from French Lick and I'm, my shorts are way too short. Like everyone else in the NBA, I mean, you're just about to see anything jump out at any second. Oh no. And that's me. And then suddenly they said to Larry Bird in 1984, Eh, Something's going on with the garden. We got a problem. You're not gonna play there. And also your teammates that you rely on aren't gonna be there.


Some of them are missing. Well, who's missing? Well, Robert Parrish isn't gonna, Robert Parrish isn't gonna be there. Kevin McHale's not gonna, Kevin McHale's not gonna be there. Who's gonna fill in Bert Zeman and Josh Galban? Oh, they're sitting in, what's that? You're Saying Larry Bird didn't know how to play on the road. It's not like the Celtics played all their games at home. Right? Yeah. Did he Eduardo Eduardo. Yeah. If you ever speak to me again, it'll be the last time you speak to me. No, I'm just saying that he's preparing himself for a home game. Sure. Okay. Yes. I know that they would play on the road, but I'm sure Larry Bird familiarized himself with those courts as well. What I'm saying is they took away some of his, his personnel. Okay. His teammates, his chums, and the people that he's used to playing with.


Then they said, guess what? We're not even gonna play in a basketball court today. You're gonna be playing at the on the bin of balls. What? The bin of ball. The bin of balls. They just changed your at Chucky cheese. They just changed your camera. No, they want me to dribble a ball in the bin of balls at Chucky cheese. Okay. And so I'm trying to dribble the ball and it's just bashing into all these other, huh? Nobody Calls it, they call it a ball pit. Yeah. Of ball of balls. What is that? I've never heard the term. It's a fault's a Pit. I've never been there. I've only seen it in commercial. It's their, the fact. So I've never heard it identified. I've only seen kids emerge from it looking more frightened than happy. Yeah. Like they survived ash rain at Pompeii Christ.


My God, I, that's all I've seen. But no one answer ever said, and you'll enjoy the ball pit. They, I never heard it named. So I just said that is a bin that's been filled with balls. So I had to make up my own name and it stuck with me. All I'm saying, if I can be allowed to finish, my sentiment is that I'm 1984. Larry Bird, I've been taken away. No. From Boston Garden on the Parquet floor. I'd been of Robert Parrish and Kevin McHale, and I'm trying to bounce a basketball in a bin of balls. Ats Chuck e. Cheese. That's what I'm saying. I don't, I don't mean to keep bursting in here and I'm sorry about this.


But also, can I say, I'm realizing Sona normally I Gotta look, I'm looking into my camera right now. So Normally Sona sits between you and I. Yes. And you many times during the interview will look over at Sona and I hide behind Sona in her hair. Now I've got like the eye of so on directly. There's nothing I can How do you deal with this? Well, first of all, you should be happy. It's awful because I would've fired you a long time ago. I know, I know. I can see you now. And I'm irritated. I hate, I wanna crawl underneath The desk. You should. And also let's, let's get something straight. A lot can hide behind so's hair. You know what I mean? There could be a Volkswagen bus back there. Come On. I'm just saying you should be proud of it. You have thick, luxurious hair.


I do. Bits all over the place. It's everywhere. And then you put these products in it. Yes. A lot of various Waxes and eastern Oils. Oh my God. Why are they eastern? I Don't know. You know what? I'm the one who moved. Everything is different for me. You don't even look at the camera when we're recording. Most of the time nothing's changed for you. They also Asked you to move and you said No. Yes, It's true. They did ask me to move and I refused. Yeah. Which took an extra 10 minutes. They had to bring in a whole like other ladder. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Well anyway, I'm sure Larry Bird wasn't always easy to work with back in 1984.


All I'm saying is the analogy holds. Okay. I an elite a-list athlete in the mid eighties and everything's been changed up on me. And yet still, I think I've put a lot of points on the board. Oh God. Oh my God. Pretty good, huh? I don't know. It's not Wrap. Wrap It up. Wrap. Yeah. Wrap, wrap, wrap. Wrap. Wrap, wrap, wrap. Well, guess what? My guest today put on the old glasses. Remember when I didn't have to wear glasses falling apart here? My guess. You know what I'm gonna get is a L yet. Please. Should we get one of those L yets? I didn't even know that was the word for it. Yeah. And it's, well, it's also called bin of balls. I wanna get a Lauren yet, which is the thing you a society lady puts up to.


Ooh. Groucho. You know, Also, bin of balls just tells me you've never been to a birthday at Chuck E. Cheese. Yeah. No, I never have been. Okay. And maybe I'm sad about that. Oh, sorry. And maybe, sorry. All these jokes are hiding a wound. Oh. You know, I used to take you, I also used to hear the one time a kid died in the ball pit and I think it was like suffocated. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like they got stuck underneath them. But it's not true. It's an urban legend. Yeah. Yeah. Let's make, let's just make sure that that's a potential legal matter. No, it never happened at Chuck E. Cheese. And nothing bad ever happened at Chuck Cheese. We Should, should just cut that part out. But that's what I heard. And did you ever hear That? I heard. I think you should leave it in as a cautionary tale. Yeah. About saying things about giant Corporations.


But the Pul Pitts are all gone now too. Oh, that's sad. It's fishy. Well, they're in Germany. No more bin of balls. Stop saying Bin of balls. Bin of balls. Sad. Yeah. Been there. Done that. Okay. My guest today, my guest today, get me a Lauren yet someone write that down. My guest today has started such films as now and then in the Adams family. Now you can see her as Misty Quigley in the Hit Showtime series Yellow Jackets. I'm very excited she's here today. Christina Ricci. Welcome. Welcome Christina. I'm really happy to see you. You too. Because it's been quite a while since I've seen you.


And I have a very nostalgic feeling about seeing you because you came on the show for the first time, I think. I think it was for Adam's family. The first Adam's family movie. Possibly. You were a kid. Was that But I was like 15, right? 13. Yeah. Well that's to, So I think that was for Casper. Was it for Casper? I think so. I mean, you were a kid and I remembered feeling, I thought you had come on for Adam's family. I remembered Raul Julia came on for Adam's Family. Okay, well then maybe I did come on And I thought, I thought you came on. You're probably right. Whatever. Right now. Eduardo's, I see 1999 and 2005.


So I'm not sure where That line, okay, that's gonna be later. That's gonna be like in the Casper area. But, but see what we've done. And when I say we, this is really on you, Christina. You could have just said, sure. Adam, I, Adam Adam's Family. I'm really sorry. You know, and then we wait for some nerd to contact us and go incorrect. But we don't even read that post. What I remember is you were very young and you'd be whatever, you'd be like 15. I am a guy in his thirties at the time, mid thirties. And I remembered being a little bit intimidated because you were so convincing as Wednesday Adams, you were so, your deadpan was so amazing.


I was very impressed with you. And still am. But you just so nailed it at such a young age. And I remember just, I don't know, just feeling a little bit like, oh, I've, she could, she could kill me with that look. Do You know what I mean? I was a little bit intimidated. Well, no one should have been intimidated by me then. It was, You know, just a teenage rest. But do you remember that we lived in the same building in New York also? Yes. I was gonna bring this up too. Yep. We lived in, there's this building called the Police Building, which there was this No, it really Is. It was Teddy Roosevelt, not Teddy. Yeah. The Other No, no. It was Teddy Theodore. When Theodore Roosevelt was, was chief of it wasn't Chief of Police. Police. No. He was chief of police. He was police commissioner. Oh, he, he was police commissioner.


Jenny's a different title. But anyway, basically look at us. We keep semantic qualifying each other. Semantics. No, it was Casper and it was police commissioner and it's Rechy with three Cs. You never knew that there's this cool building downtown. Yes. And for a brief period, I thought, I wonder if I'm cool guy. And I moved into the police building. No, it was really cool. But I wanted to live there because I had just read The Alienist and they talked about how there was the tunnel between the building and O'Neill's. Yep. So I was really excited about that building, Which probably doesn't exist. No, I asked a lot of Jan, like the janitors and stuff, and they were like, what are you talking about? Yeah. I was like, You know the tunnel, The Alienist great.


They're Like, you can just walk around the corner. Great book. Great novel by Caleb Carr, which is all about, You know, late 19th century crime solving. And Theodore Roosevelt's in it because he's the police commissioner at the time. The police building's, this famous old building that they had converted into apartments. And here are the people that I remembered. I walked down to my apartment, which is the end of the hall. Occasionally I'd see you like, wow. Christina Ricci, also Kyle McLachlan. Yes. Kyle lived There. And he lived there with his girlfriend at the time. Supermodel, Linda Evangelista. Oh my God. I rode in the elevator with them one day. And she was really the most beautiful woman I'd ever seen in real life. Well, I've got a runner up for you. Or maybe a tie.


Really? A tie. Which is the other person who lived there. I don't know if they both lived there or if they, one of them lived there and the other was staying there. Cindy Crawford. Yeah. And Randy Gerber. Oh, But also Kristy Turlington lived there. Kristy Carrington. Okay. So you've got all these people And Fran Na, like all these crazy, crazy big people. But also, they used to be the gym with my mother. My mother would be like, I had a wonderful talk with Christie today when I was on the treadmill. Insane. Right. Oh my God. So I was thinking, maybe I belong here. And I was flooded. 'cause this is Conan. I mean, I don't belong there now. There was no time when I belonged there. But I was, I don't know, I wanna say I'm 34 years old, still trying to figure out how to dress.


Like I'm not in high school. And I'd been doing the late night show for about four years. And I remembered one day rushing to get on the elevator, getting on the elevator. And it was whatever, nine, it was Cindy Crawford and Randy Gerber looking, I'm, I threw on a t-shirt. Like a who? Farted T-shirt and, and like some shorts and probably like Birkenstocks. And ran on the elevator after putting, like, still had acne ran on the elevator. And I'm like, hold the door. And I get on and it's those two glowing, just glowing. And I think they like, kind of made out on the elevator on the way down.


And I was like, I'll have a girlfriend one day. You'll see. But I remembered seeing you Lurking about Super cool. I was not, I was a total wreck. Were you? I was in my garbage Pell kid style moment. I Didn't know That. Yeah, no. I had decided that if I was gonna be that ugly anyway, that I was gonna dress as hideously as possible. So I wore like a lot of conflicting colors and really big pants and men's underwear and just was by, was my whole style garbage pail kids. Well, I don't know why you had that self-image. That's, that's Why was a, I was a teenager, But I remembered you very fondly. I think you were on the late night show seven times. I I, I've said this occasionally about other people who were on as kids.


I'm gonna call you a kid 'cause I thought of you as a kid that I almost have this feeling that is weird of pride like that an uncle would have. Do You know what I mean? Like, oh, Christina's coming to do the podcast. I remember her. Hasn't she done? Well, it's this, this, it's weird because I've done nothing to help you. No, but You Did. Oh, I didn't. You did like having No, but coming on your show and having, being able to promote myself and my work on your show and your support, because you can say like, no, I'm not having that asshole at my show. So like it, I've said, I've said that and they, and I'm sure they book them anyway. Oh well. And you're here today. Yeah. Yeah. And, and no, but I mean, I, I never, I you're one of those people who I have this strange feeling of I'm proud of her, she's done well.


And, and then I step outside myself and go, you're not related to her. Yeah. You're not, You know what I mean? It's just, it's very strange. But I had a lot of nice thoughts and memories today when you were coming on, and I am very happy for you. Okay. That you've done so well. You just got your star. I did. On the Hollywood Walk of Fame. What is that like? I mean, are you gonna attend your star? Are you gonna go buy, is it like, is it like a house plant? I don't know how that works. I don't know. I mean, it's been there. I haven't visited since the ceremony. I kind of thought about bringing stuff to my star, like my favorite flowers and a candle.


But then I was like, candles. Like, is that weird? People will think, yeah. What happened to Christina? I guess so. Yeah. That's, that's not Good. But maybe in some way I am like trying to mitigate my feelings of mortality in some way. Like if we already act like I'm dead, maybe it won't be as such huge, such a huge shocker. It's like when you call yourself 40, when you're only 37 and you're just like, I know I'm getting used to it. I wonder if maybe subconsciously that's what I'm doing. That is such, I'm not sure that's such A, that's such a morbid, that's so morbid. But these are, I also, it's, it's, it's, but also I get it. I understand what you're doing because I have a very dark streak, very dark streak.


And people think that I am being morbid. And I think, no, I'm actually, I'm, it's practical. Yeah. And it's also, I find it freeing to think, I've had this conversation with a bunch of my friends that I find it very freeing to think that I don't really matter and that I'm here and that I'm not here. And it, that I'm not there yet. Like, that's terrifying. But, but I do find it easier to just like, accept, accept that we're gonna die. Yeah. And then, You know, work, work with that. So this is what the Hollywood Walk of Fame means to you Did to me. Well that's, But that's your inevitable death.


But, But You know, when people bring out, like the whole thing is about like legacy Yes. And permanency. Yes. And long after somebody ca they were like, You know, you have to answer all these questions right afterwards about the star right there at the time. And they're asking you like what it means to you. And I guess my answers weren't quite what they wanted the person running the press for it. So somebody said, You know, another great thing to say is that, and I was like, oh, okay. So I'm, I am tanking this one. Apparently I don't seem grateful enough. But another great thing to say is that I love this because I know that even y decades after my death, my children's children and their children will be able to come and visit this star.


And I was like, What? So like, the best thing about this is that once like, involves me being dead. Yeah. You know? Exactly. That seems also, we all know apes will rule the earth by that. Well, the Other thing I was thinking too, we have gotten rid of all human, You know, remnants of our society Not to be, not to be like glib about any of it. Or, or not as taken as seriously as I'm supposed to. Which I really was moved by it and I really was appreciative. But it is still just concrete. Yeah. Like a bomb could go off and then that it's gone. Yeah. It's not like, like nothing is, There's nothing, there's indelible such thing as permanent. Yeah. There really isn't. So I was like, oh, it's permanent. And the whole time I'm just thinking like, yeah.


Unless someone has a jackhammer or, or they like expand the freeway or this or this building falls on this site. Wait a minute. I love that they're gonna expand the freeway and take out a huge set. They're gonna take out 900 star. There goes Clark cable. We are living in unprecedented times, my friend. Yeah. So you're right. Anything is possible at this moment. You're, You're right. So do you like your location? I do. Your Location. I'm actually really happy. That was the first thing I asked. I was like, where exactly is my star located? I'm at Hollywood and Vine. You what? I know. It's like a That's fantastic. A really great location. That's the prime location. Frolic Room is across the street. Little doors, like right around there.


Those are bars. Yeah. You know. No, but The fro groom is his struggle. The fro Macroom love the F Room. Women. Women under the influence. Yeah. Or women Under the influence. I was, can I just say I was offered a star in the Hollywood Walk of Fame and I said, that's really great. Where's it gonna be? And they said, the Channel Islands, they said, it's a weird adjunct, you have to take a boat to get there. And I said, who else is there? And they, they named one Muppet that never made it. His name was his name. SNLs. SNLs. Yeah. He's made of three socks. And this, he was a big bomb in 1971. I just roll with it. Sona, just roll with it. I've been drinking. I Love the Frolic room.


I I'm sorry, I just wanted to Interject. Well, let's, and is this a bar that you've both been to? I think I was there one time, but I more always loved seeing it and that it's in, it's in the Generals movie. The Cas movie. I Just saw LA Confidential. It's in LA Confidential. It's, it's a confidential, somehow it's still lasting, even though Everything else is' been more than once. I'm Guessing. Yeah. I've been, it, it is a, it, I mean it's a historic bar in la It's like a really cool spot. Right. But it's also a bar. So you've been more than once. But I've been there in the bar aspect of it where I've had drinks there and I've partied and I, You know, I I love it there. Sona two kids now. And she's reformed her ways. But man formed.


Well you, you, you lived quite the life. You were, I Mean, I enjoy, I enjoyed, I enjoyed places. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Lets say that I enjoyed a lot of places also. Sometimes I don't remember those places I enjoyed. So I enjoyed them so much that I don't even remember leaving. But we're testing your blood right now to see how much you've enjoyed yourself, how much enjoyment you have. You're under arrest for too much enjoyment. Too much enjoyment.


The all new Nissan Armada Pro four X is an unshakeable fortress powered by a twin Turbo V six engine. Yeah. Ready to propel your adventures to new heights. Yeah. Your voice changes when you do a Car act. I'm trying to, I'm trying to become Will Anette. Oh, okay. But I can't do it. He's like, oh, new Nissan Armada Pro Fourex. No, listen, I'm gonna, I'm gonna explain this car to you. 'cause this car is fantastic. It's Max 8,500 pound towing capacity has the power to haul all your favorite toys on your next big adventure. You could steal the Statue of Liberty with this. It's incredible. I'm not saying do that, I'm just saying this thing that's a lot of hauling power. Nobody gets left behind with the Armada Pro Fourex is premium interior that seats up to eight passengers. That's crazy. I don't know. Eight people going big. Never goes outta style. No terrain is too tough for the all new Nissan Armada Pro four x the most capable armada ever built. Built for the most rugged of terrain. The all new Nissan Armada Pro four X gives you freedom to explore further.


How hot do you like it? Firehouse Subs is churning up the heat. They've teamed up with hot ones to create two new sandwiches. The zesty garlic hook and ladder is the milder option. Can you believe that? Those still packed with flavor. And for the bravest spice chasers, the spicy dill hook and ladder sandwich is sure to be a three alarm ion. Well, Sona bla, you guys sampled the wares today. We did. Yes. You had yourself those hook and ladder sandwiches. How were they? They were great. And they had a kick. Yeah, They did. I, I did the zesty garlic hook and ladder. Oh. And, and I loved it. I took a walk in the wild side with the spicy dill hook and ladder and it was great. I loved them. Well, I'm glad you guys enjoyed yourselves. Find out how hot you like it. Try the zesty garlic and spicy dill hook and ladder at Firehouse Subs. For a limited time, life doesn't go on forever. You gotta grab the moment, dude. Visit Firehouse subs.com to find a restaurant near you. Individual sensitive to spice or the Carolina Reaper Pepper should not consume this spicy dill hook and ladder. Limited time at participating Firehouse Subs. Restaurants outs.


Hey Sona. Pretty recently I got together with a bunch of my chums. Yeah, you do. Guys I went to college with, we all played football together. Yeah. And don't laugh at that. That's real. Sorry. Yeah. It was one of those, it was one of those little table games of football. It's actually a video game. Simulated football. And it was the eighties, so it wasn't a very good game. Anyway, it was a good time. And we got together, we had a good time. It's really nice to get together with people. And I gotta say from game nights to parties with friends or special anniversary, celebrating important occasions means more moments with the coolest people in your life. I wanna say cheers to 50 years of Miller Light, the greatest tasting light beer for people who love beer since 1975. Yeah. And now the perfect time to celebrate legendary stories with friends, family, and a great tasting light beer. You know what I call this, what I call it Miller Time. Oh, I came up with that. It's the 50th anniversary of Miller Lite. Can you believe it? I can't. It's the perfect beer for beer lovers. Doesn't fill you up. You always know what you're getting when you crack open a Miller Lite. Yeah, it's crisp. It's crisp. Yum yum. Yum. Yum, yum. You can have it with anything. You can have it with ice cream, you can have it with Corncob Soup. Doesn't matter. Meite. Great. Taste 96 calories. Go to meite.com/kona to find delivery options near you. Or you can pick up some meite pretty much anywhere they sell beer. Yeah. You know what time it is. Ding Don. It's Miller time. Celebrate responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories and 3.2 carbs per 12 ounces.


I know that I have this long distance view of it, but you just seem to have handled fame at a young age in sort of a very classy way. And that's at least how it appears to me. That's good. I've actually thought, I've thought about this a lot, which is I'm not a big drug person. Meaning really Not at all. But I've long held that probably the most powerful drug in the world is fame and letting kids have access to it is very, I I have very mixed feelings about it. It's such a powerful thing and it often doesn't go well. You being famous at 14, 15, 16.


That's gotta have been something to navigate. Yeah. I don't think I always had a lot of objectivity or the ability to really analyze myself at those times, those younger ages. So I never really felt famous. I still forget a lot. And I was never really comfortable with it. So for me it was, didn't ever feel like power. It sort of felt like something I had to like navigate. Like when I lived, I used to live over in Los Felix in the Oaks, and I would drive around when I was like in my twenties and I was, You know, I'm a small person and so being a young woman, very small and having people follow me or talk to strangers approach me and stuff felt very threatening at the time.


Yeah. Yeah. So I did this men, I played this mental game where I pretended that my dad was just this like doctor that everybody loved in town, town. And I was just like, oh, Dr. Ricci's daughter. Oh. And that's why everybody was being nice to me, but not that I was famous. Yeah. And that everybody just like really wished me. Well we, and it worked. It worked. I became very comfortable almo, but then I, to the point where like I was, I didn't have my guard up enough and I had to be like, well, we have to end that now. Yeah. So the paparazzi thing, did that freak you out when you Were young? I did not enjoy that. Just because people, they, they'll follow you all the way home. Yeah. And I lived by myself and that felt very threatening. And I found there was a liquor store on the corner.


Victor's that's right across the street from the Gelson's over on up there. And Rick was this guy who was, who always worked in there. And he was always milk a cigarette. And he used, he's the only person I would ever let call me. Chris and I, if anyone ever followed me, I'd pull into the liquor store and I'd go tell Rick and Rick would come out and chase them, chase them off so I could drive home. And this one, and then one time my sister and I lived together in our, my, our twenties. And there was actually a man that would come and sit outside the house and leave notes on my car and stuff. And sometimes we'd be like ready to go to dinner, but he'd be out there waiting and we'd be like, oh man. So we would just like turn off all the lights and wait until he left.


Oh, that's not good. No. But like, so, so fame was like, it was great. Like I get into any restaurant and I never had problems getting into clubs and all that stuff. But it also was a li like, there were just like, You know, logistical and security issues that Yeah. To me loomed larger in my mind than the actual like, fun of being famous. Well, I also think this is something that I don't take into account, which is I am very, I don't ever feel threatened physically by people around because I'm six four and a guy and I just don't even think about it. I'm very physical myself, meaning like, I don't, I'm, I'm not afraid to shake hands with strangers or whatever, mix it up a little bit.


But I'm constantly reminded that If you are not my size and If you are a woman, especially if you're a young woman, it's a completely different feeling when people are around and it's not welcome. And it's probably sets off all kinds of different alarms, whatever. Well, I think it, it just depends, You know? But yeah, I was, I felt, I did feel threatened a lot and I still am a person who's very paranoid and safety conscious. So I still will feel a little threatened if, if a strange man walks up to me and like touches me or starts just, I don't know, it follows me to my car. I don't like that You maced me when I came in to say hello to you at the podcast and you kept doing I'll A person then you publicist said it's Conan and you said, oh, I know.


And then you took out a separate bottle. Oh no. Yeah. That said extra strength and you really went to town. Oh man. What the fuck was that all about? You were so good in, I I'm, I'm just going through randomly things that you've worked on, but I remember seeing, I really liked the movie Sleepy Hollow when it came out. You do with Tim Burton. And I was thinking about that movie and Tim Burton had this quote about you and she said that you had an ambiguous quality. He's such an amazing director. But he said he was drawn to you because different people could read in different things to your performance. And I don't, do you agree with that? Did you think he had he he nailed something about you?


I do think there's something a little bit ambiguous about me. I mean, people, I'll compliment the person they think I'm making fun of them. I don dunno that I'm the easiest person to read. And so perhaps that's what he's talking about. I wonder how much of it is your, you you have beautiful eyes. I think it's famously beautiful eyes and there are quite la you have large, beautiful eyes. And I wonder if that's a way that people can maybe make it, I don't know. They ref you're reflecting something back at them. You're not even doing anything. Right. But, but they're reading something into it to project Something onto it. Yeah. Maybe I also have, I'm also very flat in affect and I think that people just assume I, I don't know. I I just think that that's difficult. 'cause I, I don't emote that much normally.


Yeah. Yeah. I think I'm probably the opposite. Yes. I'm constantly emoting. Constantly emoting. I have bey little eyes. Well, I wouldn't, it's not a bad your eyes. I reflect nothing. Okay. Some say dead. Yeah. Dead doll eyes. You just Wear your, you, you, you everybody knows that what you're Thinking. I'm a giant mood ring. Yeah. Yes. You're a giant mood ring. That would be very helpful though. If we could turn different colors based on our moods. That would be so helpful. It's Good. It's interesting to me that you probably knew as a very, as as a kid, you clearly knew this is something I'm interested in doing.


I'm always fascinated to find out how does Christina reach, You know, oh no, I can do this. I, I can, I can act, I can be in, I can be in film. How do you figure that out? At such a young age. I was in second grade and they were, they brought in, You know, sheets of lines and stuff into music class and they said, we're putting on a Christmas pageant and here's the pageant we're doing and read these lines. And the second I saw them and started reading them and participating, I just remember, I remember sitting there by myself and being like, oh, I know how to do this and nobody else here does. And I just was like, oh, this, that's so crazy. I know exactly what he wants and this kid over here can't do it.


Right. And that one, and I just felt really in that moment, I felt like I had found my thing. Yeah. And then it just always felt like that to me. Like I just had a shorthand into understanding what was needed to do that work as a kid. That's such a, it's, I would imagine, 'cause I do not know that it would be akin to just knowing at an early age that you're athletic. It's what it felt like. Yeah. You know what I mean? Being really good at a sport That Yeah. Or just sports in general. That you get out there and oh, I know what this is. I know what to do and this is what's needed now and I'm gonna do this and I did it and that I struck that person out. Or I scored the, the winning touchdown. I did not have that.


And my childhood was a series of nope, nope, nope, nope. And then figuring out, like, you, like you say, oh, I know what this is. I'm, I can make my friends laugh and oh, it's time for us to do, we're all supposed to write something s I'm gonna write something silly. I know how to do that. And people are laughing. And so it was, I think kids figure out very quickly what their call it a superpower, what their ability is. It's an innate thing. We, we tend to figure it out quickly. I think it's rare that someone figures that out at like 58, You know. Yeah. But you do see people who are lost and just have no idea what their special thing is.


And that's very sad. Yeah. As a parent, I have a real fear of that happening to my kids. Really? Yeah. Well your kids are probably pretty young. I'm guessing 10 and three. So you're already Like, They've accomplished nothing. Nothing. I just mean you have to think about all the pitfalls. Yeah. And I, I guess also having, being someone who had happened for a very early, I would love for them to have that because it's such a relief. And I really have seen how, how lucky I was to find it so early. It's interesting. 'cause then there's the question of would you want them, would you be comfortable if they were interested in getting into the business?


I know to me I was just like, Nope. No child of mine is gonna be in. 'cause I always thought show business and I still think it's a racket. Like what I'm doing is illegitimate. It's a racket. And at some point someone's gonna come and shut this whole thing down, You know? 'cause my parents, You know, went to graduate school and were doctors and lawyers and Yeah. I just, I somehow got into vaudeville. Right. Like I got into a time machine and I'm a a a guy with seltzer in baggy pants and vaudeville. And that's how it feels to me anyway. It doesn't feel legitimate. Yeah. No, I, I agree. I I go back and forth. My son has shown a lot of interest in it. I think he'd be very good at it. But there's also these, all the logistical things, like who's gonna take him?


I work full-time. Like I can't go to set with him. And Yeah. I, and also it's risky. Yeah. Who knows if he's gonna handle it that well. Well, yes. Imagining it's so funny that what I've learned as a parent is I'm so afraid of any of the, even the notion of my children being disappointed or having their feelings hurt. But if it, it hap but it's happened to me a billion times and I'm fine with that. So why am I projecting onto them? Of course, I can have this happen a billion times, but God forbid it should ever happen. And of course it's happened to them. Yeah. But just the notion of it, you just think, no one's gonna say anything to my child.


No, I know. I have a very strong overly attached. I, I'm overly attached to my son and anything he experiences emotionally, I also experience, and it's, it's not healthy, but I have the same thing. Like, I can't, I always worry about him going into a new sport because what if he, what if he feels bad about not being good at it? Or if anybody's mean to him or if someone makes fun of his sneakers, I'm like, well, we're going to get you the best sneakers they've ever seen. Who the hell did you just become? Oh, we'll catch you sneakers. We'll, you, you become the, the creature from leprechaun.


That's the problem. That was me being intense. Oh, okay. This is why I'm such a good actor. Yeah. You Didn't realize you don't. Totally. I, I did and I do. I'm a huge fan. That's called Intensity. It must be nice to, I mean, the success of Yellow Jackets is gotta be quite satisfying because what I've noticed as I move along and I am much farther along in my, on my path, is that as I get older, I appreciate and enjoy things more. Getting to doing this podcast or whatever. Any, any, any gig that I have, I kind of appreciate it.


It, it has getting to do the show for Max or hosting the Oscars, it just feels like, oh, I'm, I think I would've, I would've been so anxious and neurotic about it at a younger age, but now when nice things come along, I can, I can appreciate it more. Do you have that with like Yellow Jackets? I do. I really do. And You know, I, I was, You know, I had like sort of my big moment in my twenties and went to all the award shows and all the stuff and, and then that, that sort of stopped and I didn't really work that much for a while. And then this yellow jacket thing happened and then all of a sudden we were going to award shows again and all this stuff. And it was so interesting. 'cause this time I could just be like, oh my God, I love that guy.


Hey, I'm Christina. And like, just be really open and easy and fun and like, I, You know, it just, it was, I like you said, like I wasn't, I wasn't so self-conscious and I wasn't so worried about everything. I didn't take myself as seriously as I used to. And, and so it's, it's actually you, it has been really, really fun. It's, I, there's this quote, one of the Bee Gees said Second fame is so much better. And I guess the BG stories, which I didn't, which I didn't even really know. There's an amazing documentary about them and I didn't really know much about them at all. But it's a fantastic documentary. And I didn't realize they were huge pop stars in the sixties. And then it soured it, like anything, the time passed.


And then they're trying to figure it out and they're bumming around and they're completely out of it. And they're, they're a once was, and then they reconstitute and become this seventies juggernaut phenomenon, one of the biggest groups of the seventies, if, if not the biggest. And they were like, oh, it's just much more pleasant the second time around because we know what that is. And so now it can be more about, as you said, you can go to these shows and not be neurotic and freaked out and just enjoy. Yeah. Just enjoy. It's also feels so different now too. Like just Hollywood in general feels very different. How does it feel different? Everybody just seems like happy to be there in a way that wasn't like that in the early two thousands.


Everything felt so serious then, and about like power and position and ambition and it was really serious. And now it just feels like people actually celebrate at these award shows and are like, happy to see each other and there's enough room for everybody. And I feel like it was so much smaller before that it didn't feel like there was enough room for everybody. And yeah, it just has like a much nicer feeling I think in general. Something Too about maybe the fact that the business has changed so much. Yeah. So, You know. Exactly. It's crazy to think about it, but I know when I came up, when you came up, which, but still we're talking about a limited number of networks.


There's no streaming. That's The mean. Yeah. Yeah. And now if you've got a good idea, there's a good chance you can get it out there somewhere. I mean, even the Natures of Movies has changed where it doesn't have, it's not the giant blockbuster and there's a plus and minus to that. That's that's at the award shows. But there is less of a feeling of, it's a small club that's a few people are allowed into. Yeah. So many people can have a great idea, get it on YouTube, get it out there. If they've got Talent and Ability, they can find a streamer, they can find a way to get their vision made. And it just feels a little more user friendly now.


Yes. It's a, it's softer and gentler and it's less desperate. Unless you wanna shoot in Los Angeles. Well then, I mean, honestly, That's Getting weird. I don't actually know how anyone get makes that happen. Yeah. It's it's really getting, I mean, not to take it things down. Yeah. But it that is a big change that's happened. Yeah. Is people will shoot something that takes place in Los Angeles on Hollywood and Vine and they'll go up to Nova Scotia to shoot it and recreate Hollywood Vine. That's true. True. And put your star. They can't they, I'm sorry. I will not allow that. That you do not. Nobody Moved. Moved. They moved. It recreate.


They moved it an hour ago. They moved it an hour Ago. Put my foot down without telling you either shoot in LA or That's the kind of power I've gotten missed Down. Can't have my star in your movie, What's it like? 'cause with Yellow Jackets you have this interesting thing where you are you, there's your character Misty, you're playing as an adult, but also there's an, there's an actress who's playing you as a child or a kid, not a, I shouldn't say child or a teenager. As a teenager. Yeah, as a kid. To me at 85 it still seems like a child. 'cause I'm doing that thing where I wanna say I'm 85 now just to get used to it. Yeah, yeah. I've already started. I'm going as far as 87. So anytime I can't work anything, I'm, I love That. Like, anytime I can't work anything, I'm like, well, I'm basically 87 when it comes to technology.


And the more I say it, like the more I'm feeling more comfortable. I Love that you're two years older than me. I love it. I'm older than you. Is it, is it Sammy Hanratty? Is that the actress who plays you? And it's interesting, I don't know how much, do you have communication with the actress who plays younger you to try and see if anything needs to line up or is that overthinking it? Well, we did in the very beginning. You know, we shot the pilot and then Covid happened. So it was about a y almost a, a year and a half later that we actually went to series. And so she and I met up to discuss, we're really, really different people personality wise. Like, it's surprising how different we are. And so we sort of compared notes, the different performance notes that we've been given because it was interesting to hear what they wanted to correct or we're worried about because like, You know, she's a very bubbly dynamic, like charming sweet person.


And so to hear what they were concerned was gonna come out in her performance was interesting to me. And then to hear what the, what they were afraid I was gonna do was very interesting as well. So like mine was all about like, no, she's charming and everyone loves her and all she wants is love and she's human. And hers were like Kathy Bates for misery and like, You know what I mean? So I mean, I, it just was really funny. There's a, there's a rumor that they put her on depressants. We gotta reach you up a little bit. We're putting you on a massive dose of depressants. Yeah. They were like trying to make me more adorable and her less adorable.


And so, so by doing that, we got, we could like we, we, we both felt like we understood like where the parameters were for the character, but beyond that, we never really, I'm very sensitive about not being condescending. Like I even have trouble complimenting people because I feel like it's condescending and I don't, I, I guess I don't know why, but I just do. So anytime the idea of like giving another actress performance advice or notes to me just sounds like really I'm overstepping my place. Yeah, yeah. So we both have very, we have our own performances. And when you think about it too, 30 years ch like a 30 years And a lot of intense stuff has Happened.


Oh, that's right. 30 years of like squeezing and rejection and pressure and trauma and all this stuff. You're not gonna be the same exact person you were. Right, right. So I think it really does work out and the writing on the show is really good and the character is very consistent on the page. Yeah. So it's kind of okay for any kind of differences or variations in our performances. The people are intense about this show. They, I mean the fans are hardcore and, which is a compliment because I think we live in an era where If you put the detail and the work into the writing and performing and you really try and tell an interesting story, there's an intensity to the fandom that's actually a compliment.


Yeah. It's like the, the, the fan fans, I think fandom now is very literate. If you look at shows like yours or shows like White Lotus or shows that people are really, they really get into trying to find the clues. What does this mean? Yes. What does that mean? And they, they treat it the way it should be treated, which is, it's an art form, which is nice. It's not just, oh yeah, I watched another episode of show they crank out every week. Yeah, No, they take it very seriously and they hold us to certain standards and they let You know, and they're disappointed and they're que You know, very, do You go online and read stuff? Well, I'm 87 when it comes to technology, so I don't know how to get on Reddit because you have to have a Google account. My Google account is in Romanian and I don't know how to change it.


So I can't get onto Reddit. We have some people here who can help you If you want, but I've heard about all the things and a lot of the other actresses on the show do read all of the stuff. Oh, I don't think it's like Melanie, Melanie Linsky. Apparently she told me she reads everything. I can't find everything or else I might read it. I don't Know. My experience has been, if it's dire, Someone will tell you, Someone's going to tell Me. That's how I feel. That's How I feel. If, if it's an extreme one way or the other, like yeah. You know, bla will come in and tell me people really loved that thing you did.


And it will be a different, it'll be Jeff Ross who comes and tells me, you got a problem, we got a problem. You know? Oh, what did I do? That Satanic ritual you did, apparently this is very offensive and no, I'll, like, fans love the Satanic ritual. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You'll tell me that. And then Jeff will say, no, people are lawyered up. That's how I feel. Jesus has lawyered up. I feel that way too. Like people are gonna tell me. And sometimes, but, but, but, but it's weird now too because I, it's like everything's supposed to be everywhere. But then also things are hard to find. Like I did this inter this, You know, series of interviews with Melanie and I made some comment about this song that's in the show that I had a lot of pent up rage about, because the entire time we were shooting, everybody tried to gaslight me and tell me that it was a great song.


And I was like, I know it, it's not so everyone can stop lying to me. So when we finally went to the press, I did it and then it, then my, my producing partner was like, I'll just do this. Like, it's everywhere. And I was like, what are you talking about? And then it was like, this clip was everywhere about man, the band responded and all of this stuff. And I had absolutely no idea. And I've kind of felt in that that instance, somebody should have told me that I shouldn't, that I, You know, shouldn't be badmouthing somebody's song. So in a weird way I feel I trust the safety net, but then I don't trust it so much because then things, I'll see things and I'm just like, oh yeah, no, I should have been told about that. I think there's a lot more of everything. There's a million opinions, but, and there's a million ways to whatever piss people off the flip side of it, is it because there's so much people forget Yeah.


24 hours. Yeah, I guess so. I mean, that band won't forget. Right, right. But they shouldn't, I feel bad because I'm, I'm, no, They have a lot of fans. I was in the, You know, everybody, everybody else loved it. It was so clearly they're, they're great. And I'm, I'm weird, but I actually, I, yeah, I don't find out too much. I just re found out recently from Melanie that apparently there are people who really hate our characters and I didn't know, I just thought everyone loved me, so I'm just gonna keep going with that. Yeah. Well also I think it's good as you get into your 87th or 88th year, who was it? I think it was Jeff Daniels. He did some show and the actor Jeff Daniels.


And they, they, the press started, or critics were started to ask him, You know, well, some people think this about this project or some people think that. And he said, You know, guys, I can't help you. I, I can't, I, I, I can't help you. I'm, You know, I'm, this is the work that I did. And I loved when he said that the phrase, I can't help you. Meaning you do your part, which is you, you do your work and I do my work. And then it goes out there and people are entitled to like it or not like it. Right. But I don't know that I need to participate in the process of people liking or disliking it.


This is what I did. I, and I, I wish I had had that attitude more when I was in my twenties and thirties. I wish I'd had a little bit more of that. 'cause I was very much, I just want everybody to be happy. And I think it's an improvement to be, well, You know, this, some people have that early, like Bob Dylan had that when he was 19. You know, this is what I'm gonna do. You don't like it, it's your problem. You know, this is how I talk and this is how I zing. He's great. You know, and you're like, how did he have that? Yeah. How did someone have that? But I, I think as I get older, I think, eh, this, that's what, that's what I did. And why should you, Christina Ricci be actively looking for someone who mistakenly doesn't like what you do?


Yeah, no, I also find that like, I've just always, I, I've never really been a somebody who think like, once I'm done, I sort of never revisit it. And that, for movies, that's always been totally fine. 'cause you finish it, you move on with your life, then you have to watch it once and answer some questions and then it's gone. Done. Who cares? TV's a little bit different because you keep revisiting the same thing and the press lasts a lot longer as well. But I've always been someone who has a lot of like, real life emergencies. Like, You know, just life. You know, there's a drama over here and a family thing there and your house is on fire and all this stuff. Yeah. Yeah. And so I've never, I've always been like, I just, I don't have the time or mental e capacity or energy to focus on something that I can't Change.


Yeah. I think that's a healthy way to be. I pronounce you healthy. Thanks. Amazing. Yeah. And I think my opinion, should I have no, what, what he's gonna say, Sona. I was gonna Say, if anyone can pronounce someone healthy, it's you mentally healthy. Yes. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I think you're the perfect guy to do it. You're perfect for that. I'm trying, I'm trying to evolve. I'm doing the best I can to evolve. I know. And you've been with me a long Sona. You work on yourself. Yeah. Well We've been together a long time and, and you've seen me try to evolve. Yeah. Yeah. You Have evolved and physically too much more powerful. I Don't know about Oh, okay. Physically, I think I went too far.


You're still kind of at the same place. Okay. Well, alright, let's change the tone. Shall we change the tone a little bit? I think we should change the tone. Sorry. Well, Christina, it it is been a pleasure for me to get to talk to you again. Thank was you too. And I was, I was just, I had a very nice warm feeling when I heard that you were gonna be coming in to talk. 'cause I had all these memories from that other life. Yeah. That's how I feel also. Yeah. You're like, oh, there's that guy who still can't get his, his skin still breaking out. Just stop It. That's not what I thought. Come on. I thought, oh, I've known Conan forever. Our careers kind of started at the same time. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


I do have that feeling now more and more if I just like see someone that I went to college to who I with that I haven't seen since the eighties. My first overwhelming feeling is, Hey, we're still here. Isn't this? Yes. Like I'm in a very basic way, we're still here and you're thriving and you're doing great work and I'm just very happy for you. Thank you. Yeah. Thank you so much. I was so excited to come and see you. And I do feel like we've put in each other's lives forever. Like I said, we have like our career started at the same time basically. Yeah. I mean, my adult career I had already had a child's career. That's right. That's right. I didn't know you then, but, but yeah, I, I I'm just, I'm, I I'm thrilled for you.


Thank you. I really am. Thank you. And thanks for being here. Congratulations on Yellow Jackets. Thank you. And have you started this is the, which season is this? This, We have not gotten our pickup yet for season four. Let me handle that. So we're all, let me, everybody's like, I could make one phone call. Yeah. Would You? Yeah. Thanks. It won't do, it'll literally be a phone call where they hang up on me. It'll, it'll be to a receptionist and she will hang up on me and then I'll call back and go, You know who I am. And then No, no. We know. We know. And you just have really no power. And we're gonna do what we're gonna do with, but, but congratulations. Thanks. And come back. Let's talk some more. I would love to. Alright, that sounds


great. HBO's biggest series of the last of us returns with the new season on Max starring Pedro Pascal and Bella Ramsey. The show picks up five years after the events of the first season as Joel and Elliot are drawn into conflict with each other and a world even more dangerous and unpredictable than the one they left behind. CNN calls the last of us exquisite, fully realized and worthy of the hype and the daily beast calls it a riveting and suspenseful triumph. I did really like the first season based on the groundbreaking video game, the Emmy winning HBO original series, the Last of us Premier Sunday, April 13th at 9:00 PM on max


This bracket season. FanDuel is letting you make the call. 'cause right now, new customers can get $200 in bonus bets when your first $5 bet wins. You hear me? That's 200 extra binos to bet on. Everything from clutch shots to last second heartbreaks and even who's cutting down the nets. If you've been waiting to join, there's no better time. There's turn action that slang for tournament almost every day. And FanDuel has amazing bet types like spreads totals, game props, and so much more. I know all about this. You do? Oh, I'm a real, it sounds like it. I'm a real Beto. I I'm, I'm excited because Michigan State, which is my team, I I think they're gonna go all the way. They're number one in the big 10. Yes. Yes. Let's go all the way. You know what? Don't shake Your head, Eduardo. Listen. You are all a Michigan all the way. You're always That's right. Ever since I've known you, which is like 20 some odd years. That's right. You've been babbling about Michigan. This Michigan that. You gotta try a Michigan soup. You gotta have Michigan pizza pie. I love it all. And, and, and so yeah. I say with FanDuel, Michigan State all the way. Let's go baby. Go drink. Yeah. Your favorite murderers are from Michigan. Anyway. That's true. Also, soup Visit FanDuel dot com slash conan. Get in on the college hoops Action Attorney long turn is short for tournament Must be 21 plus in present in select states for Kansas in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in present in DC. First online Real money wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Visit md gambling help.org In Maryland,


I want to come clean about something, which is that recently I got a burner phone. You did. And I love it. I love having a burner phone. Okay. Now you've been intimately a part of the process. Yeah, David. Yeah. Basically Oscars were getting close and I was noticing that there was so much going on between the podcasts and the HBO Max series and the Oscars. Humble brag. Busy munch, Conan, my god. No. Anyway, Things I was getting crazy. Yeah. And I said to you, I just wanna have a phone that has, so that I can call Liza, that I can call you David. Oh, I can call Jeff. I can call Sweeney the head writer. Like I really wanna just be able to Sonas number's in there too.


And Sonas. Yes. Sona, you're in there as well. Okay. Thanks. Okay. I chose not to call you. No, I did call you from the burner phone. But here's the thing. So we went and we got a plastic flip phone. Yeah. I, I just called and ordered it. You went and picked it up all on your own. I went and picked it up all on my own and the young man selling it to me recognized me and was weirded out that I wanted this phone. Well, because, Okay. Well I was thinking after picture. You're the person I call and I say Kona O'Brien's coming in with an unlocked flip phone. He needs a like month to month number. Not connected to his, to his regular one. It sounds like he's like involved in something Like Yeah, it's shady.


It is shady. And the guy acted, the kid acted like, this is weird. And I just said, give it to me now I need it now. And walk around and it's this cute blue little guy. And I like him. I like him. And it's crazy. I tried to send a text on him. It's insane. Is it Tine texting? You have to press each button? Yeah. The letter Pops up. Yes. Oh. And I mean, you end up, everything's old school. Everything's yes or no with my answers. You can't send an elaborate thought because it takes 40 minutes for me. Wait No bits. You just send a reply with no bits.


I can't do bits because it's too, I can't do Only, only text the burner. I can't. Oh my God. So I start walking around with this thing and I'll call people. And for a while no one was picking up because this, it just fair. They just think I'm spam. But then I told them, look, I've gotta burn a phone and here's the number. And so I ended up not needing to use it as much as I thought, because it turns out not that many people were contacting me. I had this whole freak out, which is like, I'm hosting the Oscars. I'll be bombarded with well wishes and advice from top celebrities. I need a burner phone so I can think my thoughts in seclusion.


No. Oh no. Not that many people. So then it was contriving reasons to call people like, Hey David. And you're like, yeah, you Called me from your office upstairs. You could have just yelled my name. I called you from upstairs. And I was like, can you come on up here? And you're like, yeah, I can. Good, good thing I have this burner phone, so I still have it. Yeah. And I love it. I don't have a real reason to use it, but I love the idea of maintain, first of all, it expired automatically after a month. Yeah. And then I got mad. I was like, what are you doing? I wanna keep this thing. Yeah. I wanna have this phone that only I know about.


And I don't know what I'm going to do, but I know it's going to be crucial at some point soon in my life. Okay. I'm gonna be in some situation where I need this burner phone or I'm on the run. I'm on the run, I'm on the road, I'm on the go. I'm trying to get off the grid. Can they trace a burner phone? No. The whole point is that they can't. Right. So that's the why. It's a burner Phone. So here's one thing my wife, I found, I only found out about this recently, but she tracks us on our smartphones. All of us. Yes. Yeah. All like me, our kids, like, they're on the east coast in college and she's like, Hmm. Getting lunch. I'm like, what? What The hell are you doing? No, she's in the dining hall.


And then not that long ago, I called her to tell her I'm running late to meet her for sushi. And I called her and go, yeah, I'm just stuck in traffic. I'm, I'm, I'm just running a little late. And she went, well, you're pretty close. Oh. And I'm like, whoa. Yeah. Good thing I didn't visit the mistress today. Anyone who calls her the mistress doesn't have a mistress. Anyway. But this, now this idea is I don't like her knowing where I am all the time. I, I don't think I'm up to anything bad. No. But still, I like the idea of maybe I'll just, she'll be like, I'll see what conan's up to and she'll call the phone and it will ring in the kitchen and she'll be like, wait, he left the phone here and I'm out there somewhere.


Yeah. Like My old Ford Taurus. Yeah. Because that can't be traced either. My 92 Ford Taurus, which I still own. And I got my burner phone and none of you can get me. Well, David can call me. I'll able to call your number Jeff. Jeff has, where are you gonna go? What are you gonna do? I'm just gonna go off the grid. But what does that even mean? Mean like, to A hotel means just Santa Monica. Oh, Okay. All right. Six miles from my Home. But you're also very recognizable so people will like see you and maybe someone who knows Lizza will just be like, I just, I have a baseball cap that says not Conan. Okay. That Should work. That's a good disguise. That'll Be good. Who would be The first person to flip on you if Liza pressed them? What do you mean between Your burn?


Everybody on Your burner phone? All of us. They would all, all of that. They're all Yeah. Allied with my wife. Yeah. Yeah. Every single person. I can't think of anyone who wouldn't. There's not one person who would take my side over Liza's side. Yeah, no. Everybody. Everybody And, and everybody, yeah. Prefers her. She call us and she, we'd be like Santa Monica. Yeah. Before she even asked us this Exact location. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. He'd be like, he's eating here. He has a Yes. He's having a lobster. Isn't it kind of nice though not to like be obsessed with looking at your phone? No, no. It is good. And I did it because I had just read an article in the New York Times where someone said, it helps break your addiction to your phone If you have a flip phone.


And actually recommended this brand of flip phone. And that's why I got it. And I do find If you have the security of knowing, like here, I can call these key people and find out what's going on. Yeah. I really like not being tempted to look at the text, not being tempted to look at the emails, which Great. Can you tell us? Maybe they'll send us a bunch. No, I think that would be a immoral what You were like set on it too. It was like a Saturday and you were like, I want this now I Want a flip Phone. Oh yeah. You know what, You know, You know when you get an when I, I don know if everyone's like this. When I get an idea, I want to, yeah. Let's get this done, David. Yeah. And then I drove down there. I wanted to go pick it up. Yeah. I was excited. A couple places. I'm still excited. I love this little guy. He's cute. And It goes, it goes, Yeah.


Oh, that's my other favorite thing. Yeah. Is when a conversation's over, I try to be argumentative at the end of the conversation. Just flip it just so I can flip so I can snap it shut. So I'll be getting along perfectly well with whoever. And then I'll say, I know you're embezzling from me. And they'll say, wait, what? You are a Robert. You know it. And then I just click it shut. Yeah. Snap. And then I That's cool. It's great. It's such a great way to end a conversation. Flip phones, bring them back into your life. Sis Conan. Yeah. I I'm, I'm actually inspired to get one. Aren't they like making smart flip phones? I don't want a smart one of dumb phones. I wanna Yeah. I want no email. I want no ads. Oh, they also are making, there's a phone now that unfolds and it and you basically unfold it and it becomes a com like a computer screen.


Yeah. I mean, things are getting weird. Yeah. I say go flip phone. That's what I say. Also, Aren't the kids, and, and I don't know this, but David, you're the closest connection to youth, aren't they? Rejecting smartphone in favor of, of they're called dumb phones in favor of dumb phones. I Don't know. Oh yeah. You asked the wrong Flip it up. Yeah. What's what's the, what's the slogan? Hey, so are you saying that you Go to Flip town? Guess What? Accidentally I, that accidentally I did something. My instinct was to do something that all the young people were doing. Yeah, you flipped it up. Yeah. Well I don't think that's, you went to Flip town. Yeah. No, I flip flopped. You're flipping it. You flipped The Flip flop isn't good. 'cause the flop means it didn't go well. I, I'm trying to, I I came up with a good slogan for it. Just say flip town. Eh, don't gimme any of your FlipFlop.


Oh, That's awful. I, anyway, that's the new me. And If you get it, Hey, anyone listening right now? If you get what you think is a spam call, pick it up. It might be me calling you. Your camera's here. Oh, there's my camera. Yeah. Peace out. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Cession and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sacks. Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aren Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer.


Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Conn. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Cocoa Hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan. And If you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded.


What the same expert advice from the pros at a discount tire store while shopping for tires online. Meet Treadwell your personal tire guide. Treadwell is an online tire buying guide that gives you personalized recommendations. Shop for tires with treadwell@discounttire.com.


All set for your flight? Yep. I've got everything I need. Eye mask, neck pillow. T-Mobile headphones. Wait. T-Mobile. You bet free in-flight wifi. 15% off all Hilton Brands. I never go anywhere without T-Mobile. Same goes from a water bottle. Chewing gum, nail clippers, passport. I'm gonna leave you to a Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel Qualifying plan required wifi were available on select US Airlines deposit and Hilton honored. Membership required for 15%. Discount terms and conditions apply.