
If you need help getting into unwind time at the end of the day, try Magnesium Ohm from Moon juice. Mm. I knew I'D one day. Say those words. Magnesium Ohm is the bestselling powdered magnesium supplement with three bioavailable forms of magnesium plus L-theanine to support rest, relaxation. Oh God. Say it in regular poops. There you go. I went to college. It's the bestselling formula serving over 17 million relaxing nights in the last five years. I'm constantly looking for the right magnesium formula and they've cracked it. Yeah. Take 20% off Sitewide with code Conan on moon juice.com. Let's offer code Conan for 20% off@moonjuice.com.


Man, we were just in summer I know, and then we're like rocketing into Halloween. I know I'm on the beach wearing my Speedo 10 minutes ago. Oh, no. Now I'm dressed up as a guy in a Speedo on Halloween. That's your Costume. Yeah. It saves money and time. A lot can happen in a second. That's why ADT spends all their seconds helping protect all of yours while you're out. The ADT Plus app gives you complete control over who has access to your home. It's great with the Google Nest doorbell from ADT. You can know for sure if the person at the door is a scary goblin or just your next door neighbor. This season may be spooky, but you can feel secure. Hey, Sona? Yeah. With this app, I can stop by your house and you can let me in remotely. Okay. Or I can just pretend I'm not home. Oh, when every second counts Count on ADT. Visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT ASAP, Google and Google Nest doorbell or trademarks of Google LLC.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hello. Hi, Javier. Welcome to Conan O'Brien. Needs a fan. I think I interrupted something. Oh boy. Did, you just random craziness. Hello, Javier. How are you? Hi, Sona. Conan. Matt. Very nice to meet you. It's very nice to meet, meet you. And you are coming to us from where, sir? I could say just Madrid. Okay. but I, that's where I'm from. but I live in a small town like 50 kilometers away. Okay. don don't know that in miles, but All.


right. Neither do I. President Carter back in the seventies tried to get us to switch over to the metric system and we just voted him out of office. So That was the right decision. Yeah. We just, I think he, other than that, he was a great guy and you know, I think he did a good job, but we just couldn't stand that, you know. So, but you live outside, I wanna say you live about, I'm gonna say a 45 minute drive from Madrid. Do you think that's fair? Yeah. Very good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, you have A good eye for, for meters. Yes. That could be all I have. Javier, tell me a little bit about yourself. What do you do? Who are you, who is this man named? Javier Gonzalez.


Noriega. Wow. That was, that was Nando. Full Nando. Yeah. How do you like my Spanish? Have you heard me speak Spanish before? That's the thing. That's something we have to talk about seriously, because it's good and you have some potential, it could be better. Oh, Yes. I think, I think my Spanish could improve. I think one of my problems is I need to be in an immersive environment, because when you just read, you know, books that are teaching you Spanish or relying on what I learned in high school, that's not gonna be good enough. Yeah. I Am fully in, in favor of, of immersion to learn languages. That's what I've done with languages.


Languages are my passion. And that's how I've learned, you know, by, by traveling and by talking to people as much as possible. Yeah. So that's what you need. Or I could get a surgical implant in my brain. Hmm. I would prefer that. 'cause all the talking to people and traveling, that's time consuming. And do I really want to talk to these people? Probably not. So maybe an implant's another way to go. AI is just working wonders. If You, if you ask your doctor, I'm sure that he'll say, is surgery always the first option? So just So just go with that. Either way, I, I'm gonna try, I'm gonna try to improve my, my Spanish. I want it to be better. And yes, now that's good.


I had to start a sentence and then never finish it. That's just one of my favorite things to do. It's, and then just trail off. And. I go. Si. That's another thing. What does that mean? Of course. Yes, of Course. I just love, people say, see And, I go and then they think he's just, he's being an asshole. Like, this is, You see, you barely need my help. Yeah, Yeah. You're good. People say like, this is my son. Then they go, cla Okay. C like, who the fuck else is he gonna be? And then they, they hit me. I'm, I'm, I get punched a lot when I'm in any Spanish speaking country.


Oh yeah. Too much collateral kc Just Try to avoid that, So, or encourage it. Yeah. There. Javier, what do you do? Tell me how, what do you, what do you do for a living? I work now, for the past seven months, I've been working as in tourism, as a tourism information agent. I guess that's how you'd call it. So in around the center of Madrid, there are peppered throughout it. There are like small offices, right. With a big eye and, you know, information point. And so tourists like next to the royal palace or in the center of the city. Right. So they see it, they walk up to us and they have questions, how can I get here?


How much for the ticket to the museum, And, I get a map, you know, and you, you answer the questions. Okay. Do you ever have people that see the eye and they try to buy an iPhone from you? Oh boy. Does that ever happen? Where people mistake you for an Apple store? So Sona just made a just went, oh no. Well, It's Just a bad, it's a bad joke, isn't it? Don't you think it's Bad? Hold on, lemme see. Oh, you're gonna check. Yeah, Because I'm a professional. The Data's Already in Phil here. One of the better jokes I've ever made. Incredible. Then I apologize. Yeah. So tell me. No, I was, see, so you Work at, I was gonna say, yeah, Go ahead. So I was gonna say that in answer to your question, actually, it's some, the recently, the funniest thing that has happened to us, well to me was that an American, actually don don't know where from, but he saw the eye, it said information point very clearly, and he walked up to me and he asked me if I sold, if we sold sunscreen and tobacco.


Oh, And, I, And, I. Love that And. I say, oh, information point. Well I need tobacco. I'm sure he has some That's In Right. Very Strange. What a weird thing to ask for. But I thought, well, I guess this is what Americans do. I don't know. To clarify, no one's ever asked you for an iPhone. Yeah, that's okay. That's 'cause Oh, no, no. Sorry, I forgot to No. Yeah. It's a matter of time. I'm sure. Yeah. Just a matter of time before I come up and ask you for an iPhone. Yes, exactly. To clear my name. Javier, you work at this tourist Kiosk in Yeah. In Madrid. And one of the questions I have is, you must know patterns about different kinds of tourists, who's easy to deal with, who's not easy to deal with.


Can you tell us what, what have you found? Ooh. Well, here's the thing. One of the golden rules is that if you get people who are older than let's say, you know, in their seventies, and they quickly find out that everything we give out, like the maps, and we have a little magazine and the brochures, we give it for free. And so they're gonna go, oh, gimme that, gimme that. And it's like, okay, so old we ran out of everything. Old people just want to take as much from you as they can In this specific case. Yeah. So that's something you've known. I don't mean like that in general. No, no, no, no. You would never say anything negative about old people in general.


No. What you are saying is all the old people from around the world that come to your kiosk, waste your time and take as much free stuff as they can. They, I mean, yeah, you imagine put yourself in their position. It's wow, three things. Even if you don't need it, you have to get it. Yeah. But what is, they've already been on earth longer than the rest of us. They've already enjoyed longer Than they should. So I might say Thank you. Thank you. They've already enjoyed all of these resources. They got to have a malted milkshake in the 1940s and fifties. They got to do the Lindy Hop. They got to do, have all these fun adventures.


They got to watch Happy days when it first came on. I mean, come on now. Did, you say Lindy hop, We're all stuck on you doing the Lindy hop right now. Yeah, but I'm saying, Sorry, I just, I was following. but I, we don't have that in Spain. I've never heard of That. We don't have it here. No one's had it since the Lindy hop goes back to, I think probably 1925. Okay. So not, not even my great Grandmother. It was the insane thing for me to say. And I'm never gonna live it down. You didn't just say it. You mimed it. Yeah. Oh my God. Anyway. God, my point is, they, these old people have been around for such a long time having so much fun. And all they can think to do when they see this young good looking man at a kiosk is like, gimme more.


Gimme more want it And. I want it now. Especially the, the I I have to say, those are people, old people who live in Madrid. Oh. So they already know. And every month like, Hey, give me the new stuff. Yeah. But these magazines are just telling them the same thing over and over again. Which is, this is where this museum is, that's where that museum is. And They know it already. They, they've lived there their whole lives. It's like, why do you need this? Do you think they're building homes out of these magazines? They're taking so many they're Or starting their own tourist kiosk. Yeah. They have their own kiosks. Yeah, I thought of that. And they're charging competition. They're Charging for it. Yeah, that's Right.


You know what's nice? In the old days, if you wanted a cinematic experience, you had to go to the movie theater. Yeah. You had to get your ass to a movie theater. Not anymore. With Samsung oled, you get a full cinematic experience without leaving your couch. There's actually a brand new Samsung OLED here in Team Coco studio. And it's tough to say focused on podcasting. When the picture quality is this good. I'm always losing track. Oh, I'm supposed to be interviewing one of the great people in history. And I. Start drifting away from them. I've noticed, because I'm looking at the amazing picture on the Samsung oled. Yeah. You dropped the ball a lot. Yeah, maybe. Yeah. Yeah. The AI powered processor upscale is your favorite content in brilliant 4K resolution. you get to experience colors on a TV as they're meant to be seen, because this is the only OLED TV validated by the industry leading color experts at Pantone Plus on OLED S 95 D, you get OLED glare free technology so you can watch everything you love with nearly no glare. I can't stand glare. And I. Hear you. When there's glare. I can't even see the picture. Yeah, gamers. Gamers, you're covered too. Hey gamers. Don't worry. What's that? Gamers, you're covered two. Oh really? Yes. Motion Accelerator 144 Hertz delivers ultra smooth motion and AI auto game mode tailors your game settings to its genre. Speaking of gaming, you know we're gonna be filming another clueless gamer play. What game are we playing this time? I like To surprise you, so I don't want to tell you. We're also narrowing the games down. So if you out there have an idea of a game you want us to play, go to Team Coco podcast on Instagram and leave us a comment. And we might pick that game. Can't wait to see how great this game looks on the Samsung Ole tv. And I'm just gonna add, it's AI powered upscaling. That's right. Stay tuned for the next Clueless gamer releasing late November experience TV the way it's meant to be seen with Samsung oled. Visit samsung.com/oled to learn more. Upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experiences may vary according to types of content and format.


Hey, NFL fans, you can start the season with a big return on FanDuel America's number one sports book. So when you get a hunch in the middle of the game, you can check out the latest stats view, live, play by play, and so much more on the same page where you placed your bets. You'll get started with $200 in bonus bets guaranteed. When you place your first $5 bet. Just makes things more fun. It does. Hey bla, you're, you're on FanDuel all the time, huh? You know it. I'm a Detroit Lions guy all the way. Well, You don't have to tell us specifically who you're rooting for. I'm just saying The silver. The silver and blue of their uniforms. I love it. And. I. Love that team. That's why you Wrote for Teams is the colors of their uniforms. It's Not 'cause you're from Michigan. Well, I'm, I'm from Michigan, which is why I root for the lion. But I'm just saying, they're also looking. Oh, I Thought you just randomly chose the best uniform But. anyway. Isn't it true that if you've got a bet on FanDuel, it kind of has the excitement? It does. It adds stakes. It adds excitement, drama, all of it. It's Great. Yeah. Incredible. That's fanduel.com/ Conan. Never wastes a hunch. And make every moment more with FanDuel. An official sportsbook partner of the NFL 18 plus in present in DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5 First deposit required bonus issued as non withdraw bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem. Call or text 1-800-GAMBLER 1 804 2 6 2 5 3 7.


As a B2B marketer, you know how noisy the ad space can be. Yeah. If your message isn't targeted at just the right audience, it just disappears into the noise. Like throwing a little piece of popcorn into the sun. Yes. It's gone. It's hard to B2B these days. Exactly. With LinkedIn ads, you can precisely reach the professionals who are more likely to find your ad relevant, not just going to anybody targeted. Yeah. With LinkedIn's targeting capabilities, you can reach them by job title, industry, company, and more you'll have direct access to and build relationships with decision makers. A billion members. Hello. Stand out with LinkedIn ads and start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. You know what B2B means? No business to business. Oh yeah. It's not two Bs meeting each other. Oh. It's Not like little B and another little B. It's B2B business two business. Start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. They'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco to claim your credit. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions supply LinkedIn the place to be, to be.


This message is brought to you by BetterHelp. We all have things that we're afraid of. I'm terrified of say doing a podcast or, oh, doing a comedic talk show for 28 years scares the daylights outta me. but I did it anyway. That's true. But seriously, I. do you know I a lot of fear before I, I perform or I go out in front of people hoping that it'll be funny and wondering what I'm gonna do. That's just, that's just common. We all have things that we worry about. Yeah. It's interesting 'cause Halloween lets us have fun with what scares us. But what about those fears that don't involve zombies, ghosts, and mostly candy. Oh yeah. See what, that's what Halloween does. It's genius is it's, you're scared, but you're gonna get some candy. Yeah. And let's face it, you're not really scared. Those kids don't look like ghosts. It's just a plastic sheet. Anyway, we're talking about fears and for a reason. Therapy is a great tool for facing your fears and finding ways to overcome them. Because sometimes the scariest thing is not facing our fears in the first place. And holding ourselves back. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. That's huge. So visit BetterHelp dot com slash Conan today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ Conan.


What about different types of people, nationalities? Are there any that are more, don don't wanna cause trouble here or an international incident, but are there some that are more problematic than others? Well, look, I mean, the entire world is listening to this interview right now, so I don't wanna cause a diplomatic incident. Let's say it's the Germans. Come on. It's not, well what about a really, really old Frenchman? Oh, I won't. Sona Sona does a really good old French guy Go I do. Hey, where is your, where is pamphlet? Everybody took it. Incredible.


Did, you know, can you believe she never took an acting class? Never took an acting class. I saw I I blow my eyes. I thought I was in Paris. It's amazing. It's incredible what she can do. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Do your German guy go German? Where is who is like, that's French. That's still French. I can't speak of it. I'm mad. No, no, no. That's still a French guy. I'm so angry. Oh, that's French. Yeah. That's a French guy who's maybe just has a German meal in front of him. But he is, I'm I'm a German man. And. I. Like, that's Swedish. Swedish. The sweet. No. Can you believe Javier never took an improv class, never studied dialects, and yet she's able to do this.


She's a natural. Yeah, I am. I am a natural. I'm a student of the world. And, I can't do. Let's hear your Seinfeld. So, Who the people, Javier, that was Dead on. Oh my God. Frenchel deal with all these people. Oh my Goodness. Well, talk To me. Thank you so much for that. Because, Because Javier, you seem like a very nice guy. And. I feel a friendship towards you. Do you think we would get along? Thank you. Do you think we would get along as, as pals, what kinds of things would we do together?


Hmm. I've been thinking a lot about this. This is a big question. I think you would love it in Madrid. It's a very fun, you know, big city. Lots of things to do. I've never been in LA so I, I can't compare But it, you know, big city. A lot of stuff to do. Very vibrant. So I think you'd love that. And would we get along? I think so. I've been watching you, you were one of the first people that I watched when I was growing up and learning English. Ah. You know, watching on YouTube, like clips of your show and Letterman. And so that's how I really started, you know.


So I don't know, maybe if I meet you I'll be surprised. I'm like, ah, not what I expected. but I don't think so. Well, I really don't think so. Thanks a lot, Javier. He could have lied and just said No. I'm saying Yeah, we get along. Just Say, sure. We get along Great. Dave will get along. Seem like a fun Chap. You seemed like a really nice amigo. And, and then you're like, ah, I might be disappointed. He couldn't even lie. Well, you're honest. I'll give you that. I'll give you that. And maybe I, you know, don don't know. I think, I think we could have a good time. We can hit the nice. I think so. I really think so. Yeah. Are you someone, are you a single person or are you looking to meet anyone?


I am single. I'm looking to meet anyone. I mean, not anyone, but you know somebody. Yeah. You have standards. Literally anybody. Yeah. No, but yeah, I I do have some standards. They're low, but you Know, the has low standards that he still wasn't sure about you. Yeah. Come on. This is not where I was going. That's true. You said I I have very low standards, but I, but I. And, I. I'll take anyone. You I might be disappointed. No. Friendship wise I have a high standards, but you know, for our relationship.


Yeah. Yeah. At this point. Hey, me too. I was there. You know, I call it my warm body mode, you know? Yeah. What was that Lily hop again? Right. You know, if you took me to the clubs, I might get recognized if we went to the clubs together and then if I got recognized, people would come over And. I might be a good wing man. That way I might attract people who would wanna meet you. That'd be great. Or, or I was thinking, I was imagining you. 'cause I think the job I do I think you would be a natural at it. You know, getting there. You're in that little, and the, these little offices and first from all around the world come over and you get to talk to them for a little bit.


You know? That's, that's a perfect setting for you. I think I would be very good at that. I'm a good talker. I can talk with anyone. I can fake the language if don don't know it. A lot of it's just nerve And, I. Think I have a lot of, I think I have a lot of nerve. I think I have a lot of, so I could just talk to tourists. Yes. Sure. I think I could probably do that. I think I could work at tourist kiosk. I do. And it's clearly he doesn't want you to be his wingman. Yeah. I know. You know what I Love's I do? No, no. Can we say something, Javier? I offered to be your wingman in a club and, and, and get you all these opportunities and you quickly switch to, or, or if you could work in the tourist kiosk for me.


So clearly you don't want me to be your wingman. Oh, I Love it. You're gonna take his place at the kiosk and he's out in the clubs. Yeah. You're gonna be in the clubs hitting it and quitting it. And I'm gonna be handing out pamphlets and a kiosk to Sonas French person that Was an old Frenchman Sona coming over. Give a pamphlet and you Just, where can I go to do this? Lindy. Javier, I like you And I. Think seriously. You'd be a great wingman. I'm sure Javier. I, I think I could do that job. Yeah. And you seem, he seems like a spectacular guy. You Did you really do. You're very, you're, you're funny.


You're accepting, you're honest. I think to fault thank you about my failings. But I would, I would like to be your friend. I really would. I think we could get along just fine. That'd be, that'd be wonderful. And let me add something by the way, I, I just, today I watched you one of your interviews with Javier Rem. Right. And, and he said, I, I don't know, this was like five years ago. don don't know. And he said in it, Hey, you should come over to Spain. And he and you were like, yeah, sure. Why not? Maybe that Javier didn't convince you. I'm here to be the other Javier. Mm. You know what to Convinces you to come over.


I, I love Javier Barda, but I think you are another great Javier. Equally great. Thank Javier Bar Dem. Thank you. I thought you were terrific as a bond villain and, and in old no country for old men. You killed it. So, oh man, I, yeah. I admire his, his hair. Yes. And no country for old men. That's like, Wow. Yeah. His Dorothy Hamel I can pull it off. Figure skater haircut. Good reference. Yeah. It's only, I'll have to look it up 50 years later than Melindy Hill. You know? Can I ask you why you keep calling him Javier? Yeah. Like instead of Javier, like Javier. Yeah. I was thinking you, I feel this entire interview. You've been pronouncing his name, Javier.


Oh, I'm sorry. Have I been doing that? Yes. I do say. Well, thanks for waiting For, thanks for winning to the end. Glad to see Oh, thanks for winning to the end. Can Confirm. I thought I was, I thought I was. Maybe I had it wrong. Javier. Javier, Javier, You are free to break in at any time in correctly. Are you yell at Me when I do so I, no, I don't actually. Ard we got this. Don't worry. Yeah. Okay. Well thanks. That's 40 hours of editing for him. Oh, I don't, don don't edit these. Yeah, It's just weird. You saw the e and you're like, Javier, To be fair, there were a couple Javier's you snuck in there. So I thought, oh, he, he caught Himself. I'm gonna do a couple right now and then he can drop 'em in. Javier, Javier, Javier. Javier.


Javier. Now go fuck yourself. That's what I'm gonna put in place for every Javier. Yeah. Every, each one's gonna be like, Javier, Javi, Javi, Javi. Fuck, fuck yourself. No, no. I meant all of it. And then go fuck yourself, Javier. Perfect. Perfect. I apologize this To see how this works behind the closed doors. Oh No. We're a mess. So I don't get to see all the, all the pettiness behind it. Yes. Stupid. Never go into the kitchen of any fine restaurant. And this is not a fine restaurant. No. This is a Denny. Well, anyway, I'm embarrassed Javier, that we weren't on our A game today. but I will say this, it was really nice talking to you. Have a fantastic, I guess it's night now where you are. It is almost midnight.


Yeah. Okay. Oh Wow. Well, if you have a spare 44 minutes, well, actually this time of night, I'm gonna say 32 minutes to drive into Central Madrid. Given how many, given that it's about 40 kilometers. God, he's good notes. You could go and you could get yourself a vea or you know, what else. Yeah. Yes. I know. Maybe you could drift a little south and get some pa. Awesome. How about some caviar? Okay, caviar. We're outta time. Caviar. Hey caviar. That almost rhymes with my name Caviar. Very nice to talk to you. And thank you so much and I hope our paths, it was A real pleasure to me. I hope our paths crossed soon.


I hope so. Yeah, we, you're always welcome here. The three of you and Eduardo and bla everybody. No, no, no. Oh, no There. Well, I'll be there, right boss? Yeah. If you pay your own way. Goodbye, sir. Take care. Okay, bye-Bye bye. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sono of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer, Aaron Blad, associate talent producer, Jennifer Samples, associate producers, Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at siriusxm.com/ Conan.


Please rate review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wherever fine podcasts are down,


Building a business may feel like a big jump, but OnDeck Small Business Loans can help keep you afloat with lines of credit up to $100,000 in term loans up to 250,000. OnDeck lets you choose the loan that's right for your business. As a top rated online small business lender, OnDeck's team of loan advisors can help you find the right business loan to fit your needs. Visit ondeck.com for more information. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by OnDeck or Celtic Bank. OnDeck does not lend in North Dakota. All loans and amount subject to lender approval


Want the same expert advice you get from the pros in the store while shopping online@discounttire.com. Meet treadwell, your personal online tire guide that matches you with the perfect tire for your vehicle. Get your best match in one minute or less with Treadwell by Discount Tire. Let's get you taken care of.