
You know, FedEx doesn't know you're a small business yet. Mm. Okay. But what FedEx does know is that running a small business is hard enough without the hassle of complex shipping. That's where there's FedEx one rate. Did you know that with FedEx one rate you can ship your holiday packages cheaper than the post office? What I hate to root against old Uncle Sam, but go, FedEx, go. You can send packages as low as $14 and 50 cents for small boxes. That's cool. Visit fedex.com/one rate for details. Exclusions apply. Valid ten six twenty four through 1 19 25 FedEx one rate two day retail shipping. One flat rate.


Man, Holidays coming up. It gets pretty intense, doesn't it? It does. Very intense. During the holiday season, it feels like you're packing a lot into every second. Everything gets compressed. Pressure lot. It's stressful so much to do. That's why ADT spends all their seconds helping protect all of yours while you're out. The ADT Plus app gives you complete control over who has access to your home. Mm. With the Google Nest doorbell from ADT, you can know for sure if that Santa or Aunt Mildred at the front door. See, I'd be suspicious 'cause I don't have an Aunt Mildred. It's Aunt Mildred. Thief ADT has the largest number of companies owned 24 7 monitoring centers in the industry. When every second counts count on ADT. Visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT A SA Google and Google Nest doorbell are trademarks of Google, LLC.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hi Alejandra. Welcome to Conan O'Brien. Needs a fan. Hi. Oh my God. Hello. I told myself to not freak out when I met you guys, and look how that went. It's okay. You're allowed to freak out. That's okay. Your name is Alejandra. Is this right? Alejandra. Alejandra Trigueros. And where are you calling us from? Well, Just call me Bob, if You are gonna say that. Everyone's a wise guy. Alejandra, tell us, where are you right now? I'm in Madrid, Spain.


Oh My God. Madrid. I've never been to Madrid. Yeah. Really? You should. And Barcelona. Everyone's been to Barcelona. I've, I've been to Barcelona. Oh God. But I've never been to Barcelona. I've been Oh, there you go. I've, but I've never been to Madrid. And I would, I would love to see it someday. Alejandra, tell us a little bit. Do you go by Alejandro? Mostly Ali. Ali. Okay. Ali. Yeah. Alejandra sounds very serious. Like my mom when she gets mad at me. Okay. So your English is perfect. You, I mean, you sound, oh my God. You, you sound like you're, you're, you're coming to me from San Diego or something.


I mean, you're, it's, thank you. It's perfect right now. Or Cincinnati. Cincinnati. Well, I'm saying you have a beautiful Cincinnati accent. It's amazing. Yeah. I'll, Hey, I'll take it over a thick local accent. I'll take it. But Alejandra, how did your, your, I mean, you, you live, You are a, are you a citizen of, of Madrid? You grew up in Madrid? Yeah. I was born and raised here. Wow. I speak English like this because I suffer from an acute overconsumption of American entertainment. Wow. We're seeing really acute, that's gonna say everything. I get my hands on podcast books, movies, TV shows, all the things. Yeah. So when people ask me about my English, And I tell them I read a little bit of gossip every now and then.


I see. See it pays off. That's funny. People compli with My English. That's great. So you just basically watched American television, listened to American podcasts, and that has influenced, it's destroyed one of the most beautiful accents in the world. Yeah. Well, I did live with Americans for about three years. Friends from New York. Shout out to Michelle, Avi and Jamie. Okay. And I spent 24 hours with them. Really? Great. Can we make sure we edit out that Shout out, please. I don't make sure it's edit it out. I don trust them. Gone. They're gone. They're not, I'm not friends with them. I don't know them. Dead to us. Just put a big over that shout out. Okay. Not for any other, not for a legal reason. Just that I don't know them. And they should get no free rides. Right.


How about if I give you some credit? You and Ellen have also played a major role 'cause I've consumed all the things, all the clips of your talk shows that I could get off the internet because your shows weren't shown here. Oh. So when YouTube started, I started watching a bunch of Ellen and YouTube suggested some clips of your show, And I was peeing my pants laughing. Oh, that's, I'm glad that I made you urinate. Alejandra. Many people think I am Ellen. And many people go up to Ellen and say, Hi, Conan. So it's a common misconception. Well, both kae the hair color and you've said your womanly looks. Yeah. They're your words.


These are my words. These are my words. Come back to haunt me. Well, tell me a little bit about your life. Mostly what I like to do is try and figure out how I can help my fans around the world. How can I help you, Alejandra? What can I do for you? I don't think I can do much. You're very beautiful. You're obviously very smart, very well spoken. How can I help you? So I'm 34. I have two kids. I've recently had the second one as she's four months old. And I actually have a, a little beef with you because I was recently trying to get her to sleep. And I listened to a lot of hours of this podcast. And when I say you, I mean the three of you. And recently you guys made me laugh so hard that I woke up my newborn who had just gone to sleep after about 30 minutes of trying to get her to sleep.


It was like, oh my God. I hate them. Even though I Love them. Oh, I hate them. You know what we should do? It's, I should speak less and you guys should speak more so that children can sleep. And we should Speak in soothing tone. No, no, no. Just, you mean, so it's not as funny as Exactly. Interesting. I think when I'm talking, It's like, oh, And then, but I think you guys should take the lead. Oh, Well, I'm kind of shrill, so I think that it just should be goly. But you're really funny too. Yeah. So maybe I should, I don't know. No one should talk. I Think if we just use just kind of foggier voices like this. Yeah. Well now you just sound Odd. I should maybe not be a listener. But then again, I wouldn't listen to the podcast. We laughing. I've told many people, you should not listen to the podcast while caring for a sleeping baby.


Because I mean, the laughs are gonna come. They just are. They they are, They're so, so, well congratulations on having these, these two children and a newborn. Thank you. That's, I that's a lot of work. Or so I'm told, what did I do? Oh my God. Nothing. Not really nothing. I was told by my wife, you're to have nothing to do with these children. Smart. Yeah. I she wanted them to grow up without the Conan influence. So, very smart. But, and so, so are You, are you taking care of them full time or do you work? So as of right now, I'm taking care of the little one.


The big one is in school. My husband's gone back to work, but I go back to work October 14th after. Yeah. We got, we get about five months of maternity leave in Spain. Wow. Wow. So it is a A lot Going. What is your, what is your, what is your profession? I am a legal counsel in the legal department of a big engineering multinational. I do international commercial contracting. I'm boring myself by explaining this. Wow. My No, no, no. First of all, first of all, Alejandro, do not sell yourself short. That is a I'm very impressed. That is a very high powered job you have. Thank You. And I will tell you that's, that's quite a lot.


I mean, you have, it sounds like your husband has a job. You have this very high powered job. You have two kids. That's a lot. Like my job is intense, but it's also not as insane as it is to become a lawyer in the US It's a, it's less years. It's, I studied about six years. Whereas in the US you have to do like four undergrad and then about three of grad school. Then the el saying, here's not as insane. Although I won't, I'll take the compliment. Yeah. Alejandra, you keep trying to convince me that you're not an impressive person and yet You are clearly the smartest person out of the four of us in this room. And you're not even in the room. You are, you're not in the room. And you're much, much smarter than we are. I'm Okay.


Keep talking. That's a lot though. That's a lot to have. Yeah. It's intense. These, these young kids. I'm not sleeping a lot. And to, to be legal counsel for this massive company that's big. Yeah. It it's pretty big. It, it's, it's not a lot of sleeping. It's a lot of stressing, a lot of cortisol pumping all the time. Yeah. So, yeah, it's a bit intense. I do go to a fair amount of restaurants. I'm obsessed with food. I grew up in a family that talks about nothing other than food. So I, I make a point of taking some space for myself, going to restaurants, trying delicious food, going out with friends. So I do manage to get some space for myself. I say otherwise that big Thing.


I say I'm impressed by that because, not that I'm throwing her under the bus or anything, but when my children were born, my wife said, no restaurants, no movies, no joy for anyone until they're 12 years old and kind of locked it down. Kind of locked it down. And so we're just sort of near, they're, they're both in college now and we just, I, we're just now going outside again And I remembered, oh, that, That's The sun. Look at the Sun that's right there. That burning orb in the sky.


But anyway, I love my wife. No, I'm the friends. Just kid. Shut it down. That's so nice. I, my wife was not, we were not going to restaurants for quite a while. Yeah. Is that because she was tired or she didn't want to like, was afraid what? Of what your kids would do in the restaurant. Oh, She just didn't want to leave the kids behind. Oh, I see. Yeah. When kids are young. I mean, you're not taking your kids to, I think in, no, And I, first of all in Spain, correct me if I'm wrong, but in Madrid, don't you start eating the time to start dinner I think is at two o'clock in the morning. Isn't that when you guys have dinner? It's fairly late. Not 2:00 AM but it is fairly late. Yeah. What Time do you eat dinner? Like a re a regular dinner.


That's not too early. Not too late. Would be at 9 0 9. Somebody tells starting at nine. I'm Asleep by then. No, No. I'm serious. My wife's, Yeah. My foreign friends wanna book tables at seven. And the restaurants aren't even open. No, no, no. They'll tell you the earliest, earliest table they have is at eight 30. Oh Boy. This is a true thing. The McDonald's in Madrid, they all serve breakfast. They start at five o'clock in the afternoon. That's a true story. You can't have it before then. Lunch is at six o'clock and then you can't get Big Mac, I don't think till 4:00 AM They're all insane. It's not called the Big Mac in Spain. It's called el, it's called the qui dog.


Yeah. My husband's foreign. And he does not do well with our eating schedule here. No. Where is your husband from? From Poland. Okay. He's from Poland. So he must think these people are crazy. They're going out to have these, And he says it often Full. I mean, these are elaborate meals too, right? You're having elaborate meals and elaborate restaurants. Yeah. What time do You go to bed and are you going to bed just in full digestion mode where No, I think people go to bed at like 11:00 PM Okay. So if you have dinner at like seven, then you're really hungry by the time you go to bed. No, No, no. I should try really give it a shot. I think you're just different people. Yeah. They're, I'm telling you that it's a, it's a whole different culture.


They're different people. They have massive meals very late at night. I love that. And, and then, yeah. And in theory I love that. I love that. Well, first of all, yeah, Lunch also happens late. So, okay. You go out to, to these meals. Is your husband coming with you on these meals when you go out? No. Mostly we take turns to go out with friends. 'cause if both of us leave, then it's a whole thing. Either my mom, the nanny, like it's, it's too much. Too much. So I'm mostly looking for space with my friends. Okay. That's All right. You, yeah. This also sounds familiar. You don't wanna spend time with your spouse, but with your friends. Yes. My wife did a lot of that as well.


Yeah. Conan, why don't you stay here? And people who make me laugh can have dinner with me. It was all your friends. Yeah, it was all my friends. Yeah. It was you guys. Yeah. Yeah. Liza was always saying, All right, got, I see meeting Matt and Sona the best times. That's hunky that bar on the Sony. You like to travel, you like to go away and have a good time, right? I do. I like taking the boys and tack And I go somewhere. Yeah. For the holidays this year we're thinking about, you know, just taking a trip to, you know, lake Arrowhead for Okay. For a week or something, you know, just somewhere nearby Lake Arrowhead. That'd be beautiful. It would, yeah.


And then it occurred to me recently what happens because you have got a lovely home. Yeah. You guys have a beautiful home. You've done a very nice restoration on it. What happens to your home when you guys are away?


It Just sits there. It just sits There. Go. It shouldn't, yeah. I know. It shouldn't. I know. Think about it. If you host, okay. If you host with Airbnb while you're away, it's basically like you're getting paid to travel. Exactly. I mean, it's genius. I know. So don't leave money on the table the next time you're outta town. When you're away, your home could be an air B and b. Yeah. It's a cool idea. I know. Think about it. I will. And I've got good ideas. Your home, AKA, your future Airbnb might be worth more than you think. I think yours would be worth a lot. 'cause you guys did a beautiful job on it. Thank You. I hope so. Yeah. Find out how much your home's worth at Airbnb dot com slash host.


When you give a gift from LL Bean, you're giving favorites in the making designed with thoughtfulness and care for years of joyful connection. That's really something. 'cause when I usually give a gift, it provides, I'm gonna say 15 minutes of joyful appreciation. Yeah. If that, yeah. I don't give great gifts. But LL Bean years of joyful connection, like the Cozy Sherpa wearable throw made from Cozy Sherpa Fleece with a hood and two hand pockets. What I love, two hand pockets I do too. Over 1,805 star reviews and counting. That's a lot of five star reviews. A favorite gift for home camp or backyard. It's the perfect gift for anyone from teenagers. Listen to that. Rock and roll. Yeah. To grandparents. Oh, it hurts. To book club friends. Hmm. I read that. Shop The Cozy Sherpa wearable throw and more holiday favorites at llb.com/gifts.


God, I am looking forward to the holiday party this year. We have a staff holiday party that is, and I'm gonna use, it's a new term that the kids use. You probably haven't heard it before. Off the hook. Oh. And yep. Oh no. Yep. Just heard that on the street the other day. That's really,


And I love our party. And one of the things I love about it's, we always elevate it with Miller LI like it when things taste like Miller time. I do. It's the taste you can depend on. No games, no gimmicks, Miller Light's brewed for taste. It hits different than any other light beers. And here's the clue, right? You're thinking like, how do they do it? It's simple ingredients. Sometimes people are doing a beer and they're like, oh, oregano. I have an idea. There's a spice I found, I found a spice in Middle Earth. No, it's so simple. Simple ingredients, malted barley for rich, balanced toughy note flavors. And the iconic golden color. It's the original light beer since 1975 when Red Sox won the Penant. Right. And it's still the best one. We all get together. We're on the fire pit, we're having a good time. And we're coffin. We're drinking down those millerites, glug glug glug glug. Yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum yum. Making memories at year end gatherings with your staff. Whether it's Chaz Billington, Phil Rockingham, Stu Mullaney, Bix ta and hazer tastes like Miller time. Go to Miller l.com/kona to find delivery options near you. Or you can pick up some Miller Lite pretty much anywhere they sell beer tastes like Miller Time. Celebrate responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories and 3.2 carbs per 12 ounces. Fewer calories and carbs than premium regular beer.


The new Sonic Queso Smasher now available. You're gonna wanna try this. They made the Sonic Smasher you love. 'cause you do love your Sonic Smasher, don't you, Sonic? I love Sonic Smashes And I love queso. Yeah. Well, guess what? They took the Sonic Smasher you love and they added the new creamy queso in hand. Smash patties Made to order. Just makes my brain explode. I just saw your brain explode in Queso came out The Sonic Queso smashes the perfect combination of Angus Pats creamy queso, jalapenos, and a Southwest aioli. Sounds like juicy goodness to me. All that's left to do is choose a double or a triple make mine two triples. That's a sex tt.


The new Sonic Queso, Smasher. Live Free Eat Sonic. So Alejandra, let me understand this. You, you have this big job. You have two young children, a husband, but you also like to go out to eat this all sounds that says a lot to, to balance, isn't it? This is a lot to juggle. It Is. It's, it, I I do have mental breakdowns a bit often to be honest. Yeah. But, but it, I'm still short of managing sanity. Yeah. Yeah. I can make it look like I'm insane. Yeah. So, No, I I do that too.


Yeah, I do that all the time. Really? Do you? Yeah. Well Not so, not so good. Well, the wheels are coming off the trolley. Yeah. So it must be hard to balance all of that is what I'm guessing. It's just hard to, Yeah. I don't get a lot of free time. But sometimes self-care just isn't so easy and you have to make time for yourself or else I feel a lot more guilty when I lose my patients because I haven't had any oxygen or space Yes. Than when I go out or go for a massage or go for friends. So it's really important, You know, there's an old saying that when you're on an airplane and the oxygen masks drop down, you've gotta put yours on first before you put it on the child or Else you Can help.


And my theory has always been, I take both masks. Oh, I put both masks on. A child's got smaller lungs, they'll figure it out. They don't need as much. Right. And God forbid, but you can, you know, get another child somewhere. So that's always been my point, is how If I get another child somewhere, well, I don't know. You know what I mean? Whatever. They come along. So my point, Alejandra, is you need to take much more time for yourself that children will figure it out. Do you know what I mean? You need, You are working very hard. You gave birth to them. Check. I think that's enough, right?


Yeah. And that's it. And I think you should be having dinner starting at nine then. I think you shouldn't feel any guilt. I think you should hit the clubs afterwards. And I you'll see the kids when feeling Too old for that now. Yeah. You'll See. You're too old. I just got to Oh, for the clubs? Yeah. Yes. I'm, Oh no. I just hit the age when I think I'm ready to go to the clubs. I never went into the clubs before I missed out. And I want to go to the clubs now. Are you talking about like golf clubs? No. Okay. I'm talking about the clubs. Did you Think you were too young before to go? Like when you were like, I just didn't know where they were. No one told you where they were? No one. People were very evasive when I said, where's the clubs?


And they'd be like, I don't know, we gotta go. And they were all dressed in, they had glow sticks and stuff. I never went to a club. And Now I think is the time. Once I hit 60, I thought, now's the time to hit the clubs. Better Late than never. Yeah. This is the sweet spot. Sona, are you doing any clubbing? Having twins sets and dance? I'm, I'm not. But it did take me a while to get back to like the thing. And then a couple days ago, I had not a couple days, a couple weeks ago, I had a milestone where I threw up from drinking too much. And I was, I remember that feeling Congrat. And then another time Congrat, Hey Mom, congratulations. And then very recently, congratulations. I, I was, I, I was out with a friend. I got too high. I had to leave my car there And I took a lift home.


You know, I love that. I back baby a milestone. You're Back. That's being youngian, young and hip Again. Your back, your children are nowhere to be found, but you're back. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And like you, I go out and then tackle, stay home with the, with the boys. Yeah. Yeah. Because you've got get super drunk Mad. Are you doing any Yeah. Back. Yeah. No, you having like Two drinks and that was it. His His club is probably a historical society where they talk about, well, you know, Eisenhower's contributions to the highway system in the 1950s. America only I could get into that. He is so very cultured. That is true. Oh No, I, I don't go to clubs. They come to me. Nice.


They sure do. Nice. Smooth. He thinks GrubHub is a club. It rhymes, doesn't it? Yeah. He thinks that when he gets his sandwich delivered, club GrubHub. Alejandra, if let's say you And I were to hang out, let's say, and this is, yeah, this is all theoretical, but let's say I were in Madrid and you And I were to hang out. How would you want me to help you? How could I assist you? How could I improve your life? So I would love to, since I'm obsessed with food and American comedy, it would be amazing for me if we shared a meal, one of those long meals. Maybe lunch, if you don't wanna have dinner so Late.


No dinner. Sounds good. And dinner sounds good. Oh, We'll then dinner. Yeah. 'cause we're both the young and hip and club flowers. Thank you so much for saying that. So you're a, you're a i I you're, you're a young attractive woman who is willing, who thinks that I'd be the perfect guy to have a late dinner with in Madrid and then hit the clubs. Is that what you're saying? Why not? Sure. Yes. Why not? Why not? Hold on. Lemme take out my list here. No, but like, by having dinner with me, you'd make me laugh to you Too. Trust me. When I was single, a shrug and a why not was the best I could get.


What is Spanish for? How do you say in, in, in, in Spain. How do you say why not Eno? Yeah, Eno. So I, I, I think if I had grown up in Madrid, my adolescence and alter my twenties and thirties would've been a lot of women going, No. Was it, Was it Liza? Will you marry me? Why not? Yeah. That was in our vows. Her, her vow her, she said, why not? I said, I do. She said, well, why not? Yeah, I don't not, yeah, yeah. During that meal I would ask you, which, which connects with the question that I wanted to ask you to, well do a bit of your thing because it makes me laugh. And also I'd ask you the question making me laugh and sharing your wisdom.


My question is, since you have such a, a big legacy in American comedy and like you have such a demanding job, you were doing a show every day. Yep. And plus it's late night. So how, how'd you, like when you had kids with, and You are also a family man and You are known for being a discreet celebrity that hasn't, you know, had any horrible stuff with the press. Like you haven't had any talk of gerbils. Yeah, Right. We suppressed all talk of gerbils. All talk of Gerbils. Yeah. It was a monitor lizard. My And I paid that fucker off. Oh. He gets $50,000 a year to keep his goddamn mouth shut.


Oh, it was Leo's so sca. Oh my god. The scales are the best part. Oh. You know, when those things get scared, their tails pop off. You bet they do. Oh no. Oh my god. What an orgasm. Oh, for You or the lizard? I think the, I'll say it was for me, but the lizard didn't look unhappy. Let's just say we both smoked a cigarette afterwards. Oh. Anyway, Alejandra, we somehow wanna astray. We, I can, I don't know how you took me down this road, but, so your question, you, you said a lot of nice things for me, but you didn't quite, what is the question? Yeah, the question is, when you have kids and your family grew, how Did you manage coming to terms with the fact that you were gonna miss out on stuff at home with your wife and the kids or at some fancy party at work?


Because to balance it all, you need to miss out on stuff here and there. So how was that for you? Well, I have an agent and a manager and they did a lot of checking in on my children. It's Gavin Palone, Rick Rosen. And they would check in on the kids and they would occasionally text me and say, the boy seems good. The girls seems sad, the boy. And then they, then we would get into the financials about, you know, how the business was doing and ratings and things like that. Oh my God. I have to say, all joking aside, I hit the jackpot with, with my wife Liza, because she is an impeccable mom and she just did an incredible job.


And so I did miss out on things because I was working a lot. I tried to be there for important stuff. But yeah, there were, it really helps to have a partner who is fantastic. And it sounds like your husband does. Oh, I'm covered there. Yeah. And it sounds like your husband does a great job. And so my, my rule is find an amazing partner and then totally screw them over. Leave them with the kids and eat as late as possible in Madrid. That's my rule, then I'm good. Yeah. Now who do you, now, do you have close family that you dine with as well? I do. My obsession with food came from my dad.


My dad is to say obsessed would be selling at church. He talks about nothing other than food. The minute he learned, my husband was from Poland, the first thing he mentioned was some soup they make in some region. He knows so much about food and wine and all the restaurants that are gonna open and that then become trendy after. Wow. Conversations in my house were nothing other than like this sauce. Books about food everywhere. Right. All the good critics books. So yeah, I have a lot of close family. My brother's a chef, a fancy restaurant. So I have a lot of people that I've done with at these. So Alejandra, theoretically, if I were to be in Madrid, and if you And I were to go out to a very late dinner at a nice restaurant, would your father come to as well?


And how would that go? I don't think I would invite him. Why? Because he would then start talking to you about food monopolize the conversation. Oh wait, Are you saying that someone could monopolize a conversation with me? You really think so? This is, You are worth the adversary. Yeah. So that's why I would insist that he come along. You tell you tell Papa Blaber mouth that the big guns are coming to town. Okay. I think I'm a world champion Gabber And I would insist that he come to dinner. My mom would swear that it isn't possible to outdo my dad.


I bet I can out talk your dad. I bet I can talk. And here's the great thing. Your dad talk knows a lot. He has great knowledge. I know nothing about food. I know nothing about the food in Madrid. And yet I will talk three times as much as your father about this stuff. I know nothing about. But your stuff is funnier though, so Yeah, I don't, I'm not worried about that part. I think, I don't know who this guy is, but I think I got him covered on comedy. But I will talk much more than your father. I will dominate the conversation And I will make it all about me. That's my promise to you. Doesn't that sound fun? Well Then be him and you should go And I am not invited.


No, no. I need you there. I need you there as the buffer. Okay. I need you there as the buffer, So Okay. Maybe we invite him. Okay. Yeah. I think it's you, me, your father. I think it's a very late dinner. Traditional dinner at a nice restaurant in, in Madrid. And I will dominate the conversation And I will also ask my wife for some wisdom about raising children. 'cause I, I, you know, she's the one that knows, I'm not even, I can't remember their names right now. Steward Stu Stewart. One is Stu No, you know, that's No, no, that's, oh, Come on. And I do, that's, that's family guy.


Stewie Stewie. Yeah. That's a family that's from a cartoon. I, I'll find their, out their names. I'm gonna be able to give you great advice on raising children. Okay? Okay. I am, I'm delighted to meet you, Alejandra. And I do hope we get to have a meal someday. I want your father there because he's not gonna get one word out of his Boca mouth. Nice. Eduarda. That's mouth. Anyway, Alejandra, very nice to see you and Very nice to meet you. Thank you guys. Great to see You Are, you're a very impressive person. Congratulations on all of your achievements and I hope we crossed paths.


That would be fun. I hope so. Thank you guys. Bye to the three of you. Bye-bye. Thank you for all the entertainment elapse. Bye a lot. Bye-bye. Bye. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer Aaron Blair, associate talent producer, Jennifer Samples, associate producers Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash Conan.


Please rate review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan wherever fine podcasts are down.


All set for your flight. Yep. I've got everything I need. I mask neck pillow. T-Mobile headphones. Wait. T-Mobile. You bet. Free inflight wifi. 15% off all Hilton Brands. I never go anywhere without T-Mobile. Same goes from a water bottle, chewing gum, nail clippers, passport. I'm gonna leave you to it. Find Out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel Qualifying plan required wifi. Were available on select US Airlines deposit and Hilton Honors membership required for 15%. Discount terms and conditions apply.


It's time to get the world talking about black led brands. We all have our favorites, but we can't keep them all to ourselves. So if You are feeling a little black opal beauty, tell somebody if the lip bar gives you a lip for every drip, let them know. And if your hair is doing the do, shout that out too. Join Walmart in shouting out your favorite black LED products. Creating a new world of choices at walmart.com/black and Unlimited.