
Andy Richter here with a message from Toyota. Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025. According to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need today while investing in tomorrow. Choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for deals Today. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Company, incorporated. Toyota. Let's go places.


You know how every team has that one clutch player who just knows how to come through in the big moments for your finance game? That's Experian your BFF. And by that I mean big financial friend Experian could help you save. Let you check your FICO score and matches you with credit cards. Just download the Experian app and get started for free. Trust me with this BFF on your roster. Your finance game has never been stronger based on FICO Score. Eight model offers and approval, not guaranteed term supply. Offers not available in all states. See experian.com for details.


All right, well, if we're listening to a, I guess a hyperactive version of, what are we listening to here, Jordan, explain what this is. I'm gonna say that I hear nothing. There's apparently a technical turn the knob on your headphone And Oh my God. What an idiot. What an audio. Sorry, I should've, I should've explained that. Apologies, Jordan. That's my fault. All right, now let's take a listen. This like a Duran Duran 12 inch, like a knife version. Well, oh, I see. You know what it is. Yeah. This is a souped up version of Tom Sawyer by Rush. Yes. Let's, Let's kill it now, because I think we're, the idea is to get listeners not drive them deep into the woods where they commit suicide.


What's the name of that band? Mindless Self-Indulgence is the name it, Okay. Yeah. Which is the, maybe the correct title for this episode. Welcome to The Conan and Jordan Show. And we usually begin with the Rush song, Tom Sawyer, which is, that's your favorite band and maybe your favorite song of theirs. And then this was a hyped up version. Yeah. By the band Mindless Self-Indulgence. And that was a surprise for both of us. I didn't know that was gonna play. Well, I'm saying is we've had a bit of time off and there's been a lot of time to think of ideas and that's what, and that's what you guys came up with. Don't include me in this. Oh, okay. I am, I am a they what they did Imagine, imagine a Soviet era space capsule.


Right. And they put two chimps inside. Yeah. Now the scientists, the Russian scientists have been working hard on blasting the chimps into space. But you and I are the chimps. Okay. So I am was unaware that that was gonna happen. Okay. And I've done no preparation for this podcast. Right. Yeah. Likewise. Now, is that the sense, do all your podcasts involve the same lack of preparation, or do you, do you somehow devalue this one with obrien with respect to some of the others? Brian Con O'Brien needs a friend. I actually, I care about those people. I see. We're talking about big stars like Al Pacino. Yeah. I'll read his book. I'll think about all the things I wanna talk to Al Pacino about. Makes sense. Or if I'm talking to President Barack Obama, I really put a lot of thought into it. When they say, when I call in as I do in the morning and say, who am I talking to today?


And they say, it's you and Jordan. I actually stop off at UCLA and have a portion of my brain removed. I see. And destroyed, You know, I've heard you talk about when you have a big guest like Harrison Ford, that there are some extra people out there in the waiting room. You know, the whole staff shows up, people that don't need to be here. People are excited. Yeah. I couldn't help but notice I walked in. It is empty out there. Sure. No one, there's Not sure. There's one tumbleweed and then the tumbleweed left. Listen, we have a lot to talk about in Jordan. You know, I do treasure our friendship, if you can call it that. Okay. I don't know what it is, but we have a, we have some kind of chemical bond. All right. Which needs to be eradicated, like smallpox.


But people are fascinated. They like to listen to us. They like to watch us travel the world. You've come with me on some of my adventures and we have this show that we do, which people do enjoy. Oh good. Believe it or not. Good. There's been great, happy to Hear that. I haven't seen the metrics. There are none. Okay. There are no metrics that one even cares to measure. No. Who would measure that? Right. But I wanna start today with some, I think good news for you. Oh, you have many pet peeves. Okay. You have many sort of causes that you champion. Alright. Which are a waste of time. One is food coloring. You've Oh, yes.


Bothered about food coloring. Yes. Do you wanna take us, give us just a quick tour of what you think about food coloring? Well, it becomes most apparent when you compare some American food products to their foreign equivalents. Things like m and ms, where if you get them in United Kingdom, the colors come from things like vegetable juice. And the colors are a bit muted, I guess, with Yeah. You know, compared to America's artificial color, Like the British themselves kind of washed out. Yeah. Well, they'll live a bit longer because they have a healthy Will. I think they all have massive heart attacks in their fifties. Right. 'cause of all the pints they've been having. Right. But anyway, you're saying that the, the uk, they use natural food colorings, They have more stringent requirements about limiting the types of artificial coloring that's used in our food.


And when you talk about artificial flavor, I guess I could see the appeal in it, because you want something to taste a certain one, you can't achieve it otherwise. But when you talk about artificial color, I mean, how shallow are we? Right. That we just need something to look a certain way. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Well you've made the same point many times that you think the Europeans do things better than we do sometimes. Yeah. Well, you tend to mostly lean that way. You seem a little anti-American to me. I want to tell you that you should be quite happy. Robert Kennedy Jr. Who is now the Health Czar of America. Okay. He's in charge of, and rightfully so, given his medical background and his knowledge and his years and years of study.


I think he has a medical degree. Does he have a medical degree? Does anyone know? You looking it up right now? You don't have to. He he does not. It's not important. Anyway. Robert Kennedy, Jr. RFK Jr, has decided to ban the artificial colors and dyes that are used in the United States. He wants to get rid of them. And this is one of those instances where what the government's doing aligns with what you believe in. Yeah. And he is getting rid of those colors. Okay. And so probably one of the places you're gonna see this most clearly is Fruit Loops. Yeah. Now, do you enjoy Fruit Loops?


The cereal? They're not the ideal breakfast cereal, but yeah, I've been known to, I deal In what way? Well, I did a deep comparison of different breakfast cereals recently and Fruit Loops. While they, they have a lot of sweetness, which is enticing. The texture is a little bit too airy. I like a little bit more substance. Like a golden grams is a little more fulfilling and experience. Yeah. I love Fruit Loops. Okay. I have long been a Fruit Loops fan. Do You know how to spell Fruit Loops? Whatcha talking About, do you know how to spell Fruit Loops? F-R-O-O-T. Oh, okay. L Just checking OOPS. Good Job. What I, good job. I went to Harvard.


Yeah. You don't think I know how to spell Fruit Loops? Right. Okay. So Fruit Loops in the future. Yeah. Very soon. They, they have like fluorescent colors now. Yeah. Which I love by the way. Oh, those are going to be gone. And they'll have a more muted, muted tones. You may call it muted. I call it natural, the way colors occur in nature. Yeah. But I think that man's job on Earth is to improve upon nature. They Will taste the same. And I don't know what pleasure you derive in looking at that. Like bright, I love the colors, Bright blue color colors, and I like the way the colors change the milk. Okay. The great thing about Fruit Loops with all of the radioactive dyes that we use in the United States Right.


Is that you can turn off the lights and like an alarm clock you can see, you can still see the little, the, the, that that's lit up. Yeah. That's what I love about Fruit Loops. I Don't even eat cereal in milk. You Know what's amazing? What's That? Fruity Pebbles? Have you had Fruity Pebbles? Yeah, they're a little, their texture is a little bit too slight for me. I love, I love that texture. I love how small they are. And there's So many of them that see, I specifically dislike that they're like slivers. Okay, well this is why you and I should never occupy a cell in a prison together. Yeah. Because we just don't get along on some of the major life issues. But the colors in Fruity Pebbles are insane. I've never done LSD. Okay. And I don't have to. Sure. 'cause I've had Fruity Pebbles.


Sure. Well, you better stock up now, apparently. Well, the nice thing is I can stock up and they'll never go bad because of the dyes. Okay. There's, it's true that any box of fruit loops you buy today will exist in its intact form 10,000 years from now and will be edible. Okay. Great improv, by the way. Okay. I love that we're discussing current events. I like that, that this has become the format of the show. What else is in the news? And we'll weigh in on it. Robert Kennedy, just, just inform me in advance if we're gonna be changing the format of the show. No, no, I just, I mean, We did a, we spoke for an hour about breakfast cereal like two weeks ago. If you wanna continue, we can.


I, I am assuming this is leading to something. Where's the payoff coming? I'm just telling you that we like to occasionally cover current events. Right. Okay. This is a current event. It's in the news today. Okay. That Robert Kennedy Jr. The very well qualified government official in charge. Yeah. In the cabinet, in the Trump cabinet, who's in charge of our health and our welfare. Who's done, I'm, I'm assuming just years and years and years of hardcore research and, and study has decided that this is the best course of action. Okay. And it may, and I'm assuming it's a good idea, and I think you agree. If you're Looking for a political opinion, I have none to offer. I am happy to hear that the United States is moving in the right direction with respect to artificial colors.


Now do you hate bright colors in general? No. I have no problems with bright colors, but I have a problem with artificial colors. Okay. But When you see a movie, you know, that they're doing, sometimes there's gonna be some enhancement to the colors and things like that. When you see your beloved Star Wars. Oh. When you call it an enhancement, I call it like an HDR color grade in the HDR 10 color space, or perhaps the Dolby vision color space, maybe even HDR 10 plus. Of course, I understand that movies are graded. You're talking to an expert here. You come in there talking about enhancement. Do you wanna apologize? Yeah. I could tell you, I could tell you do the IE level 400 knits. You're coming to me, you're coming to me like I'm a, like I'm a chimp explaining to me that movie me are Color.


You, me. Can I spell Fruit Loops? Yeah. I like pleasing colors. You thought I was gonna think it was F-R-U-I-T? Yeah. And Let's not pretend that everyone knows that it's f of Course know it's, are you kidding me? You wouldnt call them real think that's Loops. No, that's not Self. No one would do that. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. You, no one asks for I would like the loops that are made of do spell Fruit. How do spell fruit? How do you spell Fruity Pebbles? Fruity Pebbles is actually FRUI T I. Good. Just testing you again. No, well, This is what I majored in in college. Okay. I wrote a thesis on Fruity Pebbles versus Fruit Loops. Right. Guess what? Summa cum laude. Okay. Yeah. I actually went to Oxford and was given several prizes for this dissertation, if you will.


Okay. Well, we're gonna move on, but I, I hope So. I thought this was going somewhere. That was it. That was the, that was the climax of that particular hunk. You should pleased with how that went. All right. Because I've Great. I've listened to some of our last conversations. Okay. This is a home run compared to some of them. Great. Good stuff. Okay. Yeah. And I just want you to know that that's what's happening in the news. And I'm glad you're happy. Right. Your choice. Okay. Your choice. All right. For the person who would lead this nation on health, Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Has is in full agreement with you on most everything. Maybe we Could talk about interest rates next. No, no, No. Yeah. You're also an anti-vaxxer, I believe.


I'm just gonna get that out there. Anti-vaxxer and a flat earth. I do, I believe as well. You think if you go too far in Europe looking for a cappuccino, you'll fall off the edge of the earth. Is that true? Hmm. And then a dinosaur will eat you.


Andy Richter here with a message from Toyota. Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025. According to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need today while investing in tomorrow. Choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for deals today. Vehicles projected resale value specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Company, incorporated. Toyota, let's go places


You know how we all have that one friend we go to with all our financial questions. Well meet Experian, your BFF as in big financial friend. Experian is gonna be your go-to app when it comes to taking control of your finances. Experian could help you save, let you check your FICO score and matches you with credit cards. Just download the Experian app today for free. Trust me, you need this big financial friend. Based on Fi CO score eight Model offers an approval, not guaranteed terms apply. Offers not available in all states. See experian.com for details.


Busy workweeks can leave you feeling drained. ProLon five day nutrition program rejuvenates you at the cellular level with boxes labeled by day so you know exactly what to eat. Developed at USD's Longevity Institute. ProLon supports biological age reduction, metabolism, skin health, and fat loss when combined with proper exercise and nutrition. Get 15% off plus a $40 bonus gift when you subscribe@prolonlife.com slash pandora promo. These statements have not been evaluated by the DA. Products are not intended to diagnose, treat, or prevent disease. See site for details


This season. Let your shoes do the talking designer shoe warehouses packed with fresh styles that speak to your whole vibe without saying a word from cool sneakers that look good with everything. The easy sandals you'll wanna wear on repeat. ESW has you covered. Find a shoe for every you from the brands you love, like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, new Balance and more. Head to your DSW store or visit dsw.com Today,


Jordan, you and I have spent a lot of time together. Yes. And you have certain obsessions. One of them is pronunciation. It's important to you. Yeah. And sometimes your pronunciation of words is, is quite different than not just me, but what most people would think is the correct pronunciation. Oh, okay. That may be the case. I can't speak for how people interpret the Things I say. When you and I were doing the travel show for Max and we were in Argentina, I said it would be a good idea if we took lessons and learned how to dance the tango. You corrected me and said, it's the Togo.


That's the closest I've ever come to hitting you. Okay. I've slapped you before, but I never struck you with a closed fist. That's the closest I ever came to striking you. You insisted it was the Togo and it was an insane moment. Okay. And I think if you go online, people will realize that you were in the wrong Well, you're constantly correcting my pronunciation. And I think you're errant. I decided to bring somebody in who actually knows about linguistics. And I believe you're a big fan of his YouTube channel. I'm talking about Luke Rani. Oh yes. Excellent man. Luke Ranieri is here. Yeah. And he's gonna come in now. I think he's being probably, oh, here he is. Hello, Luke. How are you?


I'm great, Quinn. How you doing? Tell me a little bit about yourself because I'm, I'm not knowledgeable about your YouTube channel, but thank you so much for joining us. Tell us a little bit about how you became fascinated with pronunciation linguistics. Oh, thanks for having me. Yeah. I, I just fell in love with Italian and then later Latin. And for whatever reason I wanted to speak Latin. I just, for no reason. I was just a weirdo like that. And so wanting to speak an ancient language, I wanted to figure out how it's actually pronounced. And thankfully, lots of people smarter than me wrote lots of books about that. And so I studied that. And then eventually I started talking about that on YouTube. How to pronounce Latin and ancient Greek in ancient pronunciations.


Well, I don't know how familiar you are with my dynamic with George Schlansky, but for many years now, he and I have sort of like the coyote in the road runner. We've been at war and we disagree about a lot of things. Jordan is constantly correcting my pronunciation of certain words. There were times where I'm convinced he's wrong. He thought instead of tango, the word was tango. I don't know where you weigh in on that one, whether it's tango or tango. Well, in Spanish it's, it's tango. But so that's a short ah sound. And a short ah, can go either towards ah, oh, I know.


Depending on, or ah, I know it could be tango English, but it's not to, he was saying tango the way Tarzan would, would Tarzan would name a fellow ape. Hey, tango, come here. Would you agree that tango would be incorrect? It could be tango a quicker a i, I accept that, but I will not accept tango. I liked your Spanish pronunciation when you said tango. That sounded good to me. Tango. Oh Yeah. My yes, But okay. But As for English, I think you go a lot of ways. Okay. Would you just please agree with me before we proceed That Togo, T-O-N-G-O, with a long No, I never spelled it.


T-O-N-G-O. It's el tango. It's el tango. I'm, I didn't make the word up. I'm only reciting it. Luke, There's no shortage of Spanish speaking people in this town. Luke, You don't. Luke, you've got, you've got a celebrity here. You've got one of the few men on earth that can currently speak Latin. Both classical and ecclesiastical. And you're asking about Spanish. We have 10 people in the building that speak fluent Spanish. Luke, you're wasting the man's time. Would You say Togo or would you say Togo? Togo sounds too much like the Brandy Game. That's we need for Star Trek. Thank you so much. Now, before we continue, I'd like to know how to pronounce your name. Is it Luke Ranieri or is it Rani? What do you prefer?


So in English I do Rani Boo. And in Italian it's doesn't sound, it's Rani. I think Rani sounds better. I like it. Fine. Yeah. Okay. And how do you go with Luke? Are you Luke, like Luke? I am your father that would please my compatriot here. He is a big Star Wars fan. It's his religion. Me too. Do you go with Luke or is or just Luke? I have a brother, Luke, and I call him Luke. Okay. Yeah. You're not going to divide us. We have a preexisting relationship. Do you understand? You're the odd I I see where you're trying to go with this. I'm gonna spoiler alert right now. He and I are aligned. Oh, really? Have you ever, yeah, we may have. You guys are aligned. We may have small Difference. Have you ever dance like any human Do.


Have you ever Danced the Togo together? Yeah. Well, Gentlemen, later we may have a chance to test this and good with a little bit of a competition. We'll find out later. Okay? Now there are some words. I think you and I have spoken before. Okay? You'll often give me what you say is the correct Latin pronunciation of certain words. I do the best I can. Or names like Julius Caesar. We, we say Julius Caesar. And what do you say? Jordan? Gao. Julius Geiser. He says Gaas. Julius Geiser. No, no, that's not what I said. What did you say? No, I said Gaos. Julio Geiser. Okay.


And is that correct, Luke? For a classical Latin pronunciation? I think that's very good. Now, do you think You're not gonna win here? I see why you're trying to go keep trying. No, but Now is it perfect? No, of course not. Is it better than what you throwing out of that pie hole? Of course it is. So my speaking is hurling things out of a pie hole. So what you're saying, Jordan, is, do you say Jordan? How do you pronounce it? Jordan. Jordan? Yeah. Oh, I say ga and And what do you say for Caesar? UUs? UUs. And then Geyer Geyser. Well, that's the Classical Latin.


Of course it's Cha art in the ecclesiastical Latin. You should know that you're a Roman Catholic. So Caesar Romero is your favorite Joker? Sure. Okay. How about Socrates? What do you, first of all, what do you say? Socrates. Socrates. And what do you say, Luke? So, so tis is the modern Greek pronunciation. Joined it perfectly. Ancient pronunciation. Say classical at pronunciation ate. Oh, you never did that one? That actually sounds like if I was getting directions, you know, in my car. Do you know what I mean? From A, from a GPS. And it and it, you know what I mean? And it said that I had to take a left on Socrates Boulevard. It would go take a left on Boulevard.


Do you know what I mean? That's what, a little bit what it sounds like. I think most GPS voices are probably programmed to speak in the correct ancient Latin. Okay. And that's why it sounds so weird to us. Do you agree with that? I have a real agenda with this man. If we have his time, I have questions. Okay. I know you have bits that you have planned. I'm not doing bits. I'd like, I'd like him to, I'd like him to rattle off every astrological sign in Latin. I'd like you to tell me how to pronounce Tyrannosaurus Rex in Latin. I wanna know how to say brontosaurus. I wanna know. Okay. I Wanna, All right. Okay. I'll take care of You. I have real questions here. Okay. All right. I think our viewers would would, I'm Gonna blow past the astrological signs 'cause that's just cheesy. And you're probably gonna use that on some dating website.


Tyrannosaurus Rex. What would be the correct way to say Tyrannosaurus Rex? Rex With a classical Latin pronunciation. That's, wow, that's a real deal breaker for me. I mean, you're talking to a kid. Let's say you're talking to a kid and you just wanna say, oh, and oh, let's go to the museum. I don't wanna go. I don't wanna go. No, come on. It's really cool. They have a T-Rex there. Oh, cool. I will go to the museum. I love a T-Rex Jordan. When he is talking to his kids, he is gonna see, do you want to come see a, and the kid's gonna go, no, I don't. And so your kids are never gonna see a natural history museum in their lives.


Okay. 'cause you're such a freak. Okay. Brontosaurus, how do you say it, Bro, from the word bro, meaning thunder and Greek. And of course the saru means E or a reptile. Of course. Yeah. Now caveat, we have all these Latin words. Is Ka The way to say it? Or is it I say caveat. Oh, I say ka Ka means may he or she be careful. Now watch out. Ka. But caveat I would bring up is the fact that we have these names from Latin, ancient Greek, other languages, and we've anglicized them like, like Caesar. And you know the, we can say if we're speaking in Latin, we'll say, or jazz potentially.


But in English, yeah. We have these English pronunciations like Caesar. Yeah. And Tyrannosaurus Rex. I mean, I would like to see you go, you know, to an olive garden and ask for a G our salad and see what you get. You know what I mean? It's not gonna happen. Okay. So I think sometimes it's off-put. I guess that's what I would say to you, Luke. I appreciate your knowledge and I appreciate that someone is making sure they understand the long dead pronunciation of these names. But when Jordan does it in real life, it can feel like a put down and it can be socially a little awkward. Could you see how that would be, Having done that for a long time and then changing my own behavior?


Yes, I can understand that. Oh, so You modified your behavior because you realize, I'm not gonna say Gaar, I'm gonna say, yeah, well Caesar was stabbed on the eyes of March by his felt by the senators. That's what you would say. You wouldn't say gaar. Right? Usually talking about history. Yeah. Caesar was stabbed by Brutus and Cassius on the rest, rest of the conspirators. So Learn that Luke, because he's a human and has lived among humans, has altered his behavior somewhat. Even though he is an expert. Mm. Far more than you at all these pronunciations. He has altered his behavior. Yes. Somewhat. In order to fit in society better.


Yeah. He has a forum to disperse his knowledge. He has an excellent couple. Excellent. It's called for, That's close. He has a couple of YouTube channels where he can talk about these things. This is my forum. Do you understand? This is my chance. Do you know what I've done here? I've started a dialogue. There are millions of people listening right now that now know how to pronounce. I dunno about that. And they never, it never even occurred to them before. Right? And they know how to pronounce the real names of dinosaurs. I'd like to cover Greek gods. I wanna talk about things like habeas corpus and pluribus unum. We, we say these words every day, but we don't know Where that come from. You're provid. You're providing a service.


So many dates aren't gonna happen because you've provided this knowledge. Right? So many guys are gonna be at bars and they're gonna say, by the way, it's not Caesar, it's Gaza. And then they're gonna go to say something else and the the girl is gone. So, So in fairness, in fairness, Ko and my, my fiance liked me because I was talking about those things. That's how we met. I, I think she's Italian. I, he has a beautiful fiance. She is thi this man is, I just, Excuse me. Want you to respect you. Can I just say one right now? Okay. Can I just say one thing, Luke? This is like a Celebrity. I have no proof. There's no proof here that your fiance, it could be the old girlfriend in Canada bit. We have no proof that this girlfriend's real. She's probably in the Mexican.


The pictures are right here. Oh, oh Yeah. Oh, I've got a picture too. Do you wanna see the picture of my girlfriend? Yeah, it's it. I've got lots of pictures of my girlfriends from the past. Now they're gonna look a little like supermodels that you've seen. But they were really my girlfriends. Do you know that you're not an Aries? You're an SII. I didn't know that. Yeah, I Did know that. Well, now you learned something new and, and you could for the rest of your life, you know? And You are, what is your, what is your son? I'm an S too. Yeah, yeah. Well you're April 18th. You should know my birthday. It's five days before your, I shared with D Weinberg. I don't, I don't know your birthday. Okay. Because I don't wanna know your birthday. Maybe After 30 years it's time that you learned these things. You could have wished me Well, Happy belated birthdays.


Thank you. Yeah, thank you so much. We, well, how would you say, are you familiar with the Karate Kid movies? Absolutely. You know Who they star? They starred Ralph Macchio. Hmm. How would you pronounce his name? I remember it's M-A-C-C-H-I-O, right? Yeah. Yeah. Mao. That's Italian. It's Macchio. Yeah. Ralph Mao Luo. I mean, they're Luo The Hulk. Luo The Hulk. But, But here's where we get into an interesting thing. There is how they're known, meaning how they are known throughout the world. So you could be a huge fan of Ralph Macho, I'm sure even if you pulled Ralph, if a state trooper pulled over a sports car and the plate said Karate Kid one, karate Kid two, whatever.


It was a license, vanity license plate. And the thing went down and he said, license and registration. What's your name, sir? And it was Ralph, the star of those films. And he'd said, he would say, I'm Ralph Macho. He wouldn't say, I'm Ralph Macchio. So this is important to me that you're saying what you think it should have been 10,000 years ago. But no one calls it that. I mean, my name is Conan O'Brien. What would my name have been, you know, 800 years ago in Ireland? I assume it was something like Conan. 'cause I think that's what it is in Irish Conan.


But, but yeah, that's a, but O'Brien would like, I think you make a good point. Be Like Rine. It'd be Gaelic. I don't know. But that is not my name. Yeah. My name is Conan O'Brien. That's true though. If we latinized your name, it would be, or something like that. Which would, which would sound cool. We like to latinized our names when we, when we speak, because it makes it easier for different parts of the grammar. So we have, we have ano and those work. So we would do You non excuse. Do you wish that I called you that? No. I like to, I, I appreciate all these factoids. Many people spend time on the internet watching various things. I appreciate spending a couple hours watching Luke and his excellent dissertations about any number of subjects.


However, I believe in staying true to one's background, just so to, so to speak. So I would wanna know more of the Polish Russian origins of my name and Irish for yours. But yeah, there are so many things I, I, I have to ask Luke, but I'll have to save them for another time. 'cause it appears you have an agenda of jokes and quips. So I'll let you, I'll let you take the lead. I'll let you take the lead. I want, we'll converse offline because Why don't you test us, Luke, why don't you test us on the pronunciations of historical Greek and Roman names. Do you think that's a, maybe a good test for the both of us? And we'll see. I, I think that's a great idea. Let's try that. And let's start with what we're gonna do. We're gonna play a little game, okay?


And you'll both get the chance to steal. Now let's start with speaking of the assassination of, of Yu. Here was one of the men behind it. Now Conan, we're gonna start with you. Why don't you, you can pronounce his whole name or just that we'll call it last name. Well, he was Stabbed by Brutus. And so I'm just gonna say it was Brutus. And, and, and now you gotta try to do it in a classical Latin pronunciation. Best you can, Marco. Is that it not, not bad. Not bad. Yeah. I just did the worst Way I did it the stupidest way I could think of. And you said that was pretty close. Now you go for it there. Chimpy.


I would go with Marcus Brutus. Okay, I'm gonna give that point to Jordan. Okay. Okay. So when he said you too Brutus, he was saying Tu, Brutus, Brute, Brute, Brute. So you two Brutus, Like, okay, yeah, Like Shakespeare, that's A lot to get out while you're, I mean he was bleeding out of I think maybe 35 different knife wounds. And he had to get all that out. Some historians say he didn't say anything. Others said he in fact said, he said in Greek guy Deon. And you my child and you my son. Yeah. And others. Tu brute is another Tion. There's one. And also there's one account where he just went, what the fuck?


What the fuck? Can you imagine if you can go back in time, in a time machine and hear everyone? How beautiful is that? Even when he says something like, tu brute. Can you imagine hearing everyone speaking like that? Dressed in their togas? I can imagine the togas. Yeah. I do that a lot. Yeah. Okay, continue sir. All right, so speaking of, speaking of, of Brutus, this was his wife. How is this pronounced in Latin Jordan? We're gonna start with you. Classical Latin. Classical Latin Portia. And I Go Ecclesia, I go Portia, I'm Gonna go Very nice. I'm gonna Go, Not bad, but I think I'm gonna have to give that point to Jordan. See how this is. We call her Porsche. See how, actually see In English?


Okay, Keep going. It means a little piglet. Oh, that's a nice, that's great. That's great. That's some real misogyny there from, from Brutus. Hey Kay. Little piglet, come here. That's nice. Women love it when you call 'em little piglet. I'm gonna go home tonight, my wife and say, hey, they had little piglet. You know, it's even worse. 'cause in a way women in ancient Rome didn't get their own names. The usual name that they were called was just the feminine version of their father's family tribe name. Yep. And that's, I wonder, wonder. They wonder why that empire fell and is no more when you don't treat the women. Right. The empire crumbles. What A word of warning. Well, How about a poet or two? Okay, let's start with this one first.


Conan, can you guess what we call this poet in English? 'cause it's a little bit different. I'm gonna say in, in English, it's Virginius. Oh, that's right. Yeah. Virgil very good. Yeah. And what can you, your best classical at pronunciation Conan? Not bad. Yeah, not bad. You know what I'm I, it's because you guessed it was Virgil and the sounded pretty good. We used, we pronounced the V as a WII Was gonna go that way. I could have gone that way, but I knew that it was a fork in the road and I could take either one That I like that. That was good. I think I get That point. We don't even have to try Jordan. I'm giving that point. Just so you know, we're keeping score. This is a free and fair game show. So this is all Okay.


Very nice. It all correct and above board Of the game shows that have existed in the world. This might be the worst, but, and I say that with kindness, but let, let's continue. I, and that may be, well let's take this one. Jordan. What poet is this in English? What do we call him in English? Horatio in English, Not usually. Oh, It's Hora. That's right. Co Conan is correct. And how would we pronounce this in classical Latin Jordan? Yeah, I had it first. Very good. I I'm sorry. You gotta gimme both of those points because I give you both a points. I knew It was Horace. He didn't even know who it was.


Well, how, well, how many points do we have now? We have three to two Jordan's in the lead. Okay, let's Go one more time. And you have to ask me first. Okay, let's do a Greek one. This is a mythological figure, Of course. Well this is the, we were known as Odysseus. Right? Very Good. But in the Greek it would be OO get to the chopper. It's not a tumor. Or, or Duse. Or Duse.


What do you think we get in there? A Yes, you are. Yeah. Definitely getting there, Jordan. Well first of all, we know Odysseus was Ulysses and Rome. And, and despite the pronunciation, which I'm not familiar with, I will tell you that a lot of people know about the Iliad. But do they also know about the Odyssey? Did do people know that nobody could string odysseus's bow except his son at Telemachus? Or is it Occus? And he had all these suitors coming after his wife and, and, and he had a dog. And, and the dog was the only one that recognized. They thought he was dead. And he comes back and, and the dog is the only one that recognizes him. And all these suitors are trying to string this bow, but they can't string the bow. And then AEUs gets up there in disguise and he strings the bow and he executes the suitors.


And everyone lives happily ever after. If you were on the street in say, San Diego Yeah. And it was two o'clock in the morning and you said all of that. Yeah. The police would put a blanket around you. Yeah. And they'd, they would take you to a shelter. Right. And you'd be medicated. Right. And the body cam footage would totally exonerate those policemen. I understand. You just rave like an absolute fucking lunatic. Yeah. And even I, I, I mean you have the safety of being on a zoom Luke, but even you retreated somewhat from the camera. Wasn't that a little bit frightening the intensity of that speech? Well, it's, it's kind of like, you know, tower of terror sometimes. Frightening is, is enjoyable. There are people out there that appreciate me. You need to understand that. I haven't met Them.


I'm, I'm, there are a polarizing individual. Yeah. There's a Yeti. There's a Yeti out there. And I haven't met it. I've heard, I've, I've heard tell. But no one has footage. I have never seen even a photograph of someone who enjoys what you're saying. Right. What I'm saying is, you know, I I I am polarizing. I understand that there are people no polarizing Means half are with you, half are against you. Yeah, that's right. You aren't polarizing. You are completely alienating. Okay. No one is in your corner. I've never met anybody who's in your corner. Okay. Ever. Alright. Ever. I understand. Ever. The people that dislike me. I get it. I really do. I truly Do. That's called humanity. Yeah. That's called humanity. Okay. Okay. That's the population of Earth. Yeah. But the people that can tolerate me, I get you too.


I'd like to Meet 'em. Yeah. All right. Well I wanna thank you Luke. It's been lovely talking to you and I do appreciate what you do. You seem like a lovely person. I am gonna check out your YouTube channel. I want to give you a shout out Luke Ranieri. Or you would say Raini. No Ran. Don't argue. The man who actually knows it's his name. Yeah. Yeah. Well you don't know. He knows. I know. How can they access your YouTube channel? What's the best way to find it? Well, yeah, if you search for Luke Ranieri, you'll find both of 'em really easily. Great. And otherwise the main channel is called mie. It's like polymath with a Y at the end.


Polemetry. And you can find a lot of my videos that way. Well I am a fan of people who know their stuff. You seem to know your stuff and you seem like a very affable fellow. And so I wish you all the best and it's really has been nice talking to you. Thank you for intervening here. 'cause this was an intervention. And Jordan, I do think now you may know some of what you're talking about. Okay. I still think you're completely wrong on Togo and I know that Luke agreed with me on that. And that'll wrap this section up. Okay. For better or worse. And I, I'm gonna say worse, this was The Conan and Jordan Show. And Jordan, once again, I wouldn't say it's a pleasure, but it certainly is an experience.


Okay. You are so additive to the process. Your suen okays I Out to contribute. I'm not gonna pretend to contribute. Okay. But You know, when I do say something, it means something. Okay. Are you about to snap? I have nothing to say right now. Okay. Well for a guy with nothing to say, you are are very animated and you seem furious. So we're gonna go to take this out. This has been our episode of The Conan and Jordan Show. We hope you enjoyed it. We certainly have an interesting time making these that we hope you find value in this process.


I'm just gonna mutter on my way out. Jordan. I have nothing to mu The Conan and Jordan Show with Conan O'Brien and Jordan Schlansky is produced by me, Frank Smiley, executive produced by Adam Sachs, Jeff Ross, and Jim McClure, engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez. Our supervising producer is Andrew Gru, talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Patista and Britt Khan. The theme song is Tom Sawyer by Rush. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode.


Got a question for Conan and Jordan, call the Team Coco hotline (669) 587-2847 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever find podcasts are downloaded. And be sure to subscribe and tune into Conan O'Brien Radio channel 1 0 4 on SiriusXM


Andy Richter here with a message from Toyota. Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025. According to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with dependable vehicles for any lifestyle you can get everything you need today while investing in tomorrow. Choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for deals today. Vehicles projected resale value specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Company, incorporated. Toyota, let's go places


You know how we all have that one friend we go to for all our financial questions. Well meet Experian, your BFF as in big financial friend. Experian is gonna be your go-to app when it comes to taking control of your finances. Experian could help you save. Lets you check your FO score and matches you with credit cards. Just download the Experian app today for free. Trust me, you need this big financial friend based on FICO score eight. Model offers and approval. Not guaranteed terms apply. Offers not available in all states. See experian.com for details.