
High Five Casino lets you play your favorite slots and live table games like blackjack. You love blackjack. Donna I do with the chance to redeem for real cash prizes. Yeah. Yeah. I love blackjack. you get to go Hit me. Hit me. Yeah. And stay. And, yeah. And stay. That's the other one. Yeah. I stay, yeah. Good, good one. Yeah. High Five Casino has a giant selection of over 1200 games, including hundreds of exclusive games only found on High Five Casino. It's always free to play, and free coins are given out every four hours. You can tell time by it, ready to have your own high five moment. Hmm. Nicely done, copywriter. Visit high five casino.com. That's high. The number five casino.com, no purchase necessary void. Where prohibited by law must be 21 years or older Terms and conditions apply.


There's a lot to say when buying a new home or car, but only one thing to say that can help you protect them like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Hear me? I did. I heard you. And just like that, a State Farm agent will be there to help you choose the coverage you need. You just say that and they show up. They come jumping out of a shrub. Oh, cool. No matter where you are in life, when you need the coverage options, your State Farm agent is there to help on the phone or in person like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hi, Ola. Alba. Berta. Welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Oh, the presentation O Alberta was really good. How Are you? Thank you. Good. Who is, we're Getting sleepy, but we're That's okay. Calm. That's, it's late, late where you are. We'll wake up soon. Let me ask you a quick question. Which one of you is Alba? Alba. Okay. Alba, you're on that side. And, and be Then you erta. And are you Erta? Are you, are you, you're related. Yes, we are twins.


Oh, you're twins. Twins. You're twins. Yeah. Wow. Very cool. Nice to meet you. You couldn't tell They're Identical. They look Exactly. They don't look exactly. They don't look completely identical. They Don us too. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, sometimes twin, I think of twins usually wear their hair exactly the same. So there's no confusion. Exactly. There's twins. Exactly. I see. And that threw me off. We Also dress the same. They dress the same. Yes. So, yes. I'm glad you don't do that. You each have your own style. Just that, that twin, it's just the twins from the Kubrick movie. Just true. There's just, there's just no way of knowing if you're twins, if you're not dressed like that.


Right. Right. So do you ever have a, does an elevator ever open and just blood comes out? Has it ever happened? No. No, no. It never happened to us. Thank God. Okay. So Alba Berta, your twins. And you live in, in, you're in Spain. Which part of Spain are you in? In Ca In Catalonia. In Catalonia? Yeah. Near near Barcelona. Barcelona. Do you say Barcelona or do you say Barcelona? We say Barcelona. Good. Because I always think when people go no barona, that they're just having fun with me. I don't think anyone actually says it that way. Yeah. I think, I think, yeah. Yeah. Okay. And tell me about yourselves. What do you, what do you do?


What do you like to do? What can I do for you? How can I make your lives better? Yeah. So we live together. We just, yeah. I recently moved our parents' house and we, yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm a pharmacist and I'm an architect. And we would like you to maybe embark in a journey how to be more chill, because I think that's the most important thing, spontaneous thing that we did. It's like say, okay, we can record today 11 o'clock with nine hours of scheduling.


We are never like that spontaneous. So maybe we can work together to be more team, because I think we, we are not achieve at all. And it's in our bucket list. Summer list back, One of your, your bucket list, One of our parents, Your bucket list is to be more chill. And you've decided to reach out to Conan O'Brien? Yes. For lessons on how to, Because we thought maybe we could do it together. Know, like solidarity? Yes. Yeah. Like Oh, oh, oh, I see. So you think maybe I am not chill. Is that it? And that maybe the three of us together could learn how to be chill.


It's called, you know, Nan the Chill, so, Oh, that, yeah. Well, that's just the, I think that's kind of a joke because I'm not, you guys, these guys are more chill than I am. Well, not Matt, so much we're the chill hums. No I know, but Sona, you're very, very chill. I'm chill. Yeah. Yeah. A little too much. So, and then Matt would be a little, I'm like, type B plus. Yeah. And then it's not a chill answer. Well, that's why I'm b plus. but I have to say Spanish. Not chill is American chill. You guys seem pretty chill. Yeah. Maybe you're just comparing yourselves to other people in Spain who are all very chill. Is that possible? Yeah.


That's, that's, that's true. We, I think we are chill, but we are not a spontaneous person. Right, right. We're talking about maybe people say like, Hey, I'm free now, let's get some beer. And we are like, no, no, no, no. You have to book us in a events like one birthday, two, four days. Wait a minute. That's not very true. Yeah. That is guys, guys. I can do that. Ladies, Ladies, you need, that is way too much. You can't be saying no, no. You have to book an appointment in advance. It's just not, it's not your work.


Yes. I understand that. If you're an architect, I understand it. If you are a pharmacist, and by the way, Alba, is it, can you, can you write prescriptions? Oh, no, No. In, in A Space doesn't work like that. We don't write prescriptions, we just give it to them. But we need, you know, doctor's prescriptions. But he can do it under the counter. No, we can do that. Yeah. I think Friends and family. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you Berta for clearing things up. Yes. I would just say if there was a way that I could get, it's just, it's not crazy stuff. It's just, if I, if you really want me to be chill, I'm gonna need a little help.


That's all. Exactly. Yeah. Okay. So yeah, just basically Klonopin and some, a lot of Klonopin and then Zarine. I don't see how Oh, you don't see it. You'll, oh, right. 'cause we're talking publicly. Yes, yes. Of course. Not appropriate. And it won't happen. But no, you both need your young, very attractive people. You should be enjoying your lives. And it's very important that you learn to relax and be more spontaneous. You're living in this beautiful country.


It's vibrant. There's so much that you should be doing. You need to learn to just go. And why don't you test it out with them? Ask them for a beer right now. Alba Berta, I just came to town. Would you like to have a beer? I have to check with my, you know, Google calendar and see My who I can calendar. We have to, this is Pretend You can pretend to say yes. Yeah, Yeah. This was even This, Excuse me, Alba. This is, this is an improv game. You don't Need to use your thousands of miles away from you right now.


I, I just played. Yes, yes, yes. We are hoping in a, in, in our airplane right now. And we're coming to you and having a beer. Yes. Great. Yeah, that's right. Okay, But guys, Looking for Slides. Ladies, imagine I'm right there right now. And. I. I don't want this to be a creepy scenario, but you know me, you know, so I am, I'm right outside your apartment. And, I. Call up, you know Berta Alba. You know, it's me. Conan. Let's go to the zoo. Do you wanna go to the zoo? What do you say? Yes, of course. We can look from the outside because it's close. But yeah, we can make time. Ladies, why Did?


you pay the zoo, by the way. I would've said no to that. Why is the zoo better Alba? guess what? I know it's close beach. But, you know, we're gonna do, that's really cool. We're gonna jump the fence and go in and look at all the animals. And we're gonna bring some wine with us in a paper bag. And we're gonna drink and look at the giraffes while they sleep. And then we're gonna high five each other. Do you wanna do that? What do you think? Okay. Okay. Let's High five. Yes. I I know that the game is Anne, but that sounds like, you know, the police is gonna appear. The Police. Yeah. I'm trying to do simple improv with you and you've invoked your Google calendar and the police.


You know what? It may take a chill person to make it work. Sonny, you do It. Hey guys, what's up? No, this is Not New York either. Why don't you get deal. Let's go get a drink at the bar down the street and we'll just hang, like, like a bunch of chill pals. Okay. Yeah, that's, yeah. Yeah. That's the thing. We, we literally leave down under a bar and we're never there. Above a bar. Above a bar. Wait a minute. Under. Yeah. Don't live under a bar. That's, that's a bad idea. That's where they bury the bodies. No, you live above a bar and you've, and you're young women and you've never been to the bar.


No, no. We've been, but you know, not regularly, you know. No. Yeah, yeah. We should be more. Yeah. Down there. Go now. Okay. You, you just go there to do brief inspections. Lemme try. Make sure that the, the architect is like, I wanna make sure that this beam is load bearing. Yes. The pharmacist is like, you know, there's a prescription for that. Let me try this. Hey, Alba Alberta. You guys wanna get together and talk about movies? Okay. Yes. That, yeah. That, that sounds fun. Yeah. Let's Get, yeah. What is that? What's spontaneous about like, go to, you're gonna go to their house. I Don't know. We can wherever they want You guys like that. You liked the professor over here saying, let's meet somewhere where there's no alcohol and discuss movies.


Yeah, but that can be alcohol. don don't know. Yes. It can be a beer and discuss movies. Or that can be a coffee. don. Don't know. We can have cocktails and talk about movies. Actually, I'm cheating. 'cause I saw in your notes that you guys like to talk about movies. What kind, what kind of movies do you like? A little bit of everything, I suppose. Yeah. That's nice. Yeah. Comedies, but action. Whatever it's on. Yeah. We, we like to go regularly. Yeah. To the cinema. Yeah. To even that. Now you can get it on, you know, on the platforms. But we, we like to go twice a month. And maybe that's the, the, the most like a spontaneous thing we do.


Like, oh, there's a movie showing in an hour and we live near a cinema, a cinema movie theater. So that's maybe the most spontaneous thing we Do. Okay, ladies, here's my idea. It's, that's the way to start then. Meaning it starts with, Hey, let's go see this movie. Right? Then after the movie, we hit a club. Maybe we go to a bar. Right? You hit a bar, you do something a little crazy. Then very late at night when it's closed the zoo. No, no. Don always. I'm not letting the zoo go. Why don't you just go see a screening? If we bought a zoo, if you're gonna reference a movie, make sure it's that one.


Also. What do you mean wine in a bag? You were like, I have some wine in a bag because I'm trying go to the zoo. I'm trying to think of something that's very bohemian and out there in free spirit. Oh, okay. And I picture. You know, I've got this bottle of wine in a bag. We've jumped a fence. We're look, we're like split the passing the bottle back and forth. The moon is full. It seems like, you know, a gang I know. Yeah. That's fifties. A whole I know whole vibe. Yeah. It's a bad vibe. Why? No. A hobo vibe. Oh, a hobo Vibe. That's what I was thinking too. Well, very hobos. Well then I thought we'd jump on a train. We'd maybe eat some beans out of a can. I could play the harmonica and we could go around 1920s.


America, I think I'm a pretty chill person.


Sona. But there's one thing that freaks me out. Yeah. When I have to wait a long time for furniture. I know. You ever have that happen? All The Time. If you hate waiting for furniture. Have you met all modern? I have. Yeah. Aren't they great? I really actually, I, I'm, I really like all modern. All modern brings you the best of modern furniture and they deliver it for free in days, not weeks, days. Waiting weeks for your order to arrive isn't ideal. Especially when you've just moved. You wanna be sitting around in an empty apartment? No. Get your sofa. ASAP. That means as soon as possible. Thanks. From all modern and sit comfortably while building out the rest of your space. That's modern made simple. Let me explain at all. Modern, you'll find only the best of modern styles. From Scandy to mid-century minimalist to Maximalist. Every piece is hand vetted for quality and designed for real life. Shop the best of modern outdoor furniture, Thomas Decor and everything in between. Find timeless designs in every style that fold function and fun all at once. From small decor swaps to full room revamps all modern has you covered Baby Shop online@allmodern.com or visit them in store in Linfield and Dedham, Massachusetts. Hey, I was a summer camp counselor in Dedham. So cool. Or in Austin, Texas where I wasn't a summer camp counselor.


You know what's nice? In the old days if you wanted a cinematic experience, you had to go to the movie theater. Yeah. You had to get your ass to a movie theater. Not anymore. With Samsung oled, you get a full cinematic experience without leaving your couch. There's actually a brand new Samsung ole here in Team Coco studio. And it's tough to say. Focused on podcasting. When the picture quality is this good. I'm always losing track. Oh, I'm supposed to be interviewing one of the great people in history. And I. Start drifting away from them. I've noticed 'cause I'm looking at the amazing picture on the Samsung Ole. Yeah, you dropped the ball a lot. Yeah, maybe. Yeah. Yeah. The AI powered processor upscales your favorite content in brilliant 4K resolution. you get to experience colors on a TV as they're meant to be seen because this is the only OLED TV validated by the industry leading color experts at Pantone Plus on OLED S 95 D, you get OLED glare free technology so you can watch everything you love with nearly no glare. I can't stand glare. I hear you. When there's glare. I can't even see the picture. Yeah. Gamers Dpic Dia gamers. You're covered too. Hey gamers. Don't worry. What's that? Gamers, you're covered too. Oh really? Yes. Motion Accelerator 144 Hertz delivers ultra smooth motion and AI Auto game is your game settings to its genre. Speaking of gaming, you know we're gonna be filming another Clueless game or play. What game are we playing this time? I like to surprise you, so I don't wanna tell you. We're also narrowing the games down. So if you out there have an idea of a game you want us to play, go to Team Coco podcast on Instagram and leave us a comment and we might pick that game. Can't Wait to see how great this game looks on the Samsung OLED tv. And I'm just gonna add, it's AI powered upscaling. That's right. Stay tuned for the next Clue Gamer releasing late November experience TV the way it's meant to be seen with Samsung oled. Visit samsung.com/oled to learn more. Upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experiences may vary according to types of content and format.


Hey, NFL fans, you can start the season with a big return on FanDuel America's number one sports book. So when you get a hunch in the middle of the game, you can check out the latest stats view, live, play by play, and so much more on the same page where you placed your bets. You'll get started with $200 in bonus bets guaranteed. When you place your first $5 bet. Just makes things more fun. It does. Hey bla, you're you're on FanDuel all the time, huh? You Know it. I'm a Detroit Lions guy all the way. Well, You don't have to tell us specifically who you're rooting for. I'm just saying the silver. The silver and blue of the uniforms. I love it. And I. Love that team. That's Why you wrote for Teams is the colors of their uniforms. It's Not 'cause you're from Michigan. Well, I'm, I'm from Michigan, which is why I root for the alliance. But I'm just saying they're also looking. Oh, I thought you just randomly chose the best uniform But. anyway. Isn't it true that if you've got a bet on FanDuel, it kind has an excitement. It does. It adds stakes. It adds excitement, drama, all of it. It's great. Yeah. Incredible. Yeah. That's fanduel.com/ Conan. Never wastes a hunch and make every moment more with FanDuel and official sports book partner of the NFL 21 plus in present in Virginia. First online Real Money Wager only $5 First deposit required bonus issued as non withdraw bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER


As a B2B marketer. You know how noisy the ad space can be. Yeah. If your message isn't targeted to just the right audience, it just disappears into the noise. Like throwing a little piece of popcorn into the sun. Yes. It's gone. It's hard to B2B these days. Exactly. With LinkedIn ads, you can precisely reach the professionals who are more likely to find your ad relevant. Not just going to anybody targeted. Yeah. With LinkedIn's targeting capabilities, you can reach them by job title, industry, company, and more you'll have direct access to and build relationships with decision makers. A billion members. Hello. Stand out with LinkedIn ads and start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. You know what B2B means? No business to business. Oh yeah. It's not two Bs meeting each other. Oh. It's not like little B in another little B. It's B2B. Nope. Business two business. Start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. They'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco to claim your credit. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions apply LinkedIn the place to be, to be.


I want you to learn from my mistakes. Can I ask you how old you are? How old are you? 28. Oh. And how old's the other one? They were, they're identical twins. Born 10 years apart. Yes. Okay. So let's say you are Sorry. It just came out naturally. Yeah. Ing El But. anyway, cat at the library. I'm just try and keep up. Let's just say when I was your age, my problem is that I wasn't spontaneous enough. I was spontaneous when I was doing comedy, but then I would go home and worry about things and, and just practice my guitar chords and read.


I wasn't out there enough. And I regret it now. Now I'm an old, old man. My left arm fell off this morning and had to be put back on with tape. You ladies are young. And I want you to be experiencing life. And to me, life is wine in a bag at a closed zoo. Jesus Christ. That's a plan that you regret not doing. Right. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. That's why we were, we wanted to ask about maybe like taking life too seriously when you are not reaching 30, but you are there and thinking maybe I'm not doing enough professionally and in my life.


In my life. And then you think, wait. Mm, I'm missing things. No. What? Yeah. Well, let me saying, just remind you Berta, the moment. Berta, you're an architect, Alba. Yes. You're a pharmacist. You have, these are impressive jobs that you have. You know, you have educations, you have careers, so you're clearly very smart, very accomplished people. So I think you should be having more fun. Don't you think that's fair? Yes. And I. Think we have fun. Be but it's like super planned fun. I, I am. Well I have to have, yeah. If I have to have a plan, if I let, let's see.


Like let's do a crowbar. I'm going to do a list of all the box bars we are hitting and when we are hitting them. Wow. Yes. Wow. Okay. It's not so much a crawl. It's not a pub crawl. It's a pub. It's like a march where you hit certain points at certain places. It's a military operation, a pub relay. Yes. It's exactly Like That. Okay. I'm gonna tell you two something. I don't often discuss my wife on the podcast. I love my wife very much. She's very cool. But she has the same issue. She likes everything planned.


And, I mean everything. And she's always saying I'm fine with spontaneity as long as I know exactly what it is we're doing. And it's been planned out beforehand. Yes. And so I've been up against this problem before, but I think I could teach you two to be more spontaneous. Okay. Because I, I'm an erratic person and I am, especially when I'm in other countries. I'm a little unhinged and crazy. And I think isn't Special. Yeah. And, and so there's a good chance the police will get involved. but I think a night in jail would be good for both of you.


No, It's a good story by way of the zoo. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. You two and an orangutan in jail. Yeah. The chi was like, what did I do? They came to, I was sleeping. It's My home As a penguin there as an attorney. Oh God. Oh man. I don't why Conan strokes. They're too crazy. Yeah. Yeah. I think from fun to Jay I know we should start a little small, but we'll keep that in mind. Okay. I won't get you arrested right away, please. Okay. And are your parents going to be okay with, if I take you two out in Madrid and there's some spontaneity, will your parents be okay with it?


Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. don don't know. don don't know that They don't know who you are though. That's okay. That's maybe better. That's better. Yeah. We were telling them about, you know, this and Yeah. No, no, no clue. Even that, you know, we watch your, your, your YouTube and your podcast and so on, but no clue. No clue. Yeah. Okay. Well just don't keep telling me that your parents have never heard of me. 'cause it's, it's destroying my ego. So you Oh, I think everyone tells you that, you know? Yeah, they do. We're not the first one. Thanks a lot, Alba. I'm going to. So I've been to Barcelona before.


I'm sorry. Oh, Come on. You said No, No. I, I'm, I've been to Barcelona before and I would very much, I, I'd like to go back. It's a very, I think it's a great city. It's a very spontaneous city. You know, we gonna get paella. Maybe, maybe not. Are we gonna visit the site of the old Olympics? Maybe, maybe not. Are we gonna go to the water or slightly far away from the water? Calm Down. Conan. I'm just saying two Barcelona references. That's the kind of madman I am. Or Google Maps spreadsheets. When you are, There's gonna be none of that. Of that.


If we hang out, if we hang out ladies, there's gonna be none of that. You're gonna be hanging out with a crazy hobo from America who's got all, who's just gonna act on sheer impulse and you two are just gonna go with it. And yes, okay. There's going to be some problems and the police might get involved, but, okay. It'll be a night. You never remember. I think I'm okay with that. The police get in involved here. At least I speak the language. I don't know if I would like to maybe get it thrown out. I know if I'm in with, in Italy, CEL I can do it.


I can do it. Stop. Okay. In jail. And I, draw the line. You know. What's that in, in jail? She draws the Line at jail. You are really up. I mean, you are not going along with this. Yeah. So sorry. So sorry. Yeah. I, I'm noticing, sorry. You just really don't want to go to jail, do you? I don't know what your problem is. Can I say the food's better than you'd think? Much better. Trust me. Some of the best meals I've had, I've been in jail. Yeah. I did two years. Okay. In Spain. You, you eat real good. So don don't know The food will be great. So let me ask you, but you two are aware of my work. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Sure. You and so you listen to the podcast, you've watched some of the things online.


Yeah, yeah. Yeah. We, we started watching all the interviews in your TV program, you know, in YouTube. Yeah. And we have watched it with many of our friends. Oh, good. And we, we, yeah. And then we started with the podcast. When you, when you leave Yeah. With the talk show. And we have watched all the suspensions. That's nice. Disc. That's do you think I would fit in, in, in your section of, of, of Spain, do you think I'd fit in or would I stand out? I think you would stand out because you're tall, you're pale. The, the, they are people here, but there are not as many as other countries like physical, physically you would stand out, but maybe with your personality, you, you make fast friends.


We, we like hear we are like you say two people. We like to laugh Yeah. About everything about ourselves. Oh, good. So you I like that. You would Mm. Yeah. What about my, yeah, do, are there places nearby where I could get a spray tan? Yeah, maybe. Yeah. I, I think it would be a mass, you know, with, with a painless Must. Must. Okay. So you're saying, you're saying as a pharmacist, you're saying as a pharmacist, I must get a spray tan. Like you might have to get one at the airport to be let into the country. You would if, if You don wanna stand out. Exactly. No, But you can, would People, that's fine.


Do you think I could, would people buy it if I had a spray tan? Would it look or would it look wrong? Yeah. Don don't know. Yeah, I'd love to see it. They too much orangey. They, they, yeah. It could clash. Maybe they, they always, you know, you can always tell. So maybe not, maybe it's worse. I know. I think it could, it would come back. Like the Lorax or orange Oh no, the Lorax. No. Okay. No. So with a spray tan, I would look like the Lorax, I Think. No, I think I, I think you, you should rock that. Yeah.


Rocket. You should rock it. And you would win with your Embrace it. Embrace it. Embrace it. And with your personality people. Okay. Yeah. Would would warm up to you. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think you have to Change then I'd sit on someone's couch and leave a crazy stain. Exactly That. Well, I've learned a lot. And, and Alba and Berta I. do hope we, we cross paths someday. I'm serious when I tell you you are intelligent, lovely young women. And you, you, you should try and enjoy life more. So, okay. Just, just work on that a little bit. Doesn't have to be crazy spontaneity. But think about, you know, when does the zoo close and how high is the gate?


Let go, let the zoo go. I'm not gonna let the zoo go Above a bard. Like when you see it, have you seen a giraffe sleep? It's crazy. And when you've had a bottle of wine, it's even crazier Outta Of a bag. Alba Berta, thank you so much for talking to us. You're really nice young people. Very nice to meet you. And you're very funny. Thank You for inviting us. Yeah, thank you for having us. It's really nice to meet you all. Yeah. Thank you for, for, for Yeah. To jump start Now. Get some sleep. No, go out. No, go to the barn. No, go to a ball downstairs. No, no, no. Don't go downstairs. You haven't planned it out. Go downstairs.


You. Don't know what could be on the stairs. Stairs are dangerous. Stairs need to be studied. No. Yes. I mean, persona, we're doing this. I know if it's, if it's open, yeah. I know if it would be open right now. But There's only one way to find out. Do you have to get down there and break down that door? Yes. And if you hear an alarm, that's probably nothing. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. May maybe if the, the, the, the doors are closed and there's no light just to check, you know? Yeah. And to grab a beer. Yeah. And then Check the cash register. Because money, that means it's there for you. That means it's a gift. If there's something, it's an old Spanish custom. Well, you guys are well on your way to breaking into a Zoom.


Alright, Bye-Bye. Thank you so much. Okay, bye-Bye. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sian and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer Aaron Blair, associate talent producer Jennifer Samples, associate producers Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at siriusxm.com/ Conan. Please rate, review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wherever fine podcasts are down,


Net credit is here to say yes because you're more than a credit score. Apply in minutes and get a decision as soon as the same day loans offered by net credit or lending partner banks and service by net credit application subject to review and approval. Learn more at net credit.com/partners. Net credit credit to the people


Sonic has really done it this time. Yep. They've achieved the perfect balance of texture and flavor with their latest burger. The new Sonic Smasher. Yeah. And Triple Sonic Smasher. Oh my God. They broke the barrier with this one. They've got made to order smashed and seared Angus patties that are crispy around the edges and juicy in the middle. I always ask for that and no one can do it. But Sonic, to top it off, there's tangy smasher sauce, creamy, melty American cheese, crinkle cut pickle, diced onions, and it's all served on a pillowy soft potato bun. Yeah, God bless you Sonic. Try the Sonic Smasher today and don't forget to add a half price drink when you order in the app. Live free, eat Sonic.