
Hey, Conan O'Brien here. Usually in this slot, we, we air a fan interaction episode, but we're not gonna do that. We've had a lot of requests out there from people to talk about my recent experience hosting the Oscars. It is only been about a week by the time this airs, a week or so, week and a half since I hosted the Oscars. We're taping this a bit earlier, several days after the show aired. So it's still fresh in our minds. And I am joined to go over this experience with my head writer of many, many, many years. Some say too many years, too many. Mike Sweeney, Mike Sweeney has been with me almost since the very beginning of my late night show.


He waited a little bit, I did, to see if it would survive or not. And then when he saw that, You know, it was probably gonna make it, he, he came aboard. So he's a coward. But Mike Sweeney, You should have led with the coward Part. Yeah. Mike Sweeney came, has been with me for a long time, and 30 30 years. 30 years. 11 of them. Quite pleasant. Mm. And we worked together on the Oscars, along with Jeff Ross and Mike Sweeney led the creative team. And it people seemed very happy with how it went. I had a blast doing it. And one of the reasons I think I was able to enjoy myself so much is I knew I had, we worked very hard to get material that we liked.


And I think the call came in from the Oscars in late November. It was the day after we got back from Spain Yeah. Shooting A travel Show Episode in Spain. And I got a call and I called you and I said, I'll, I, I'll do it, but you gotta be on board. You, I just laughed really hard. You Laughed really hard for a long time When you said they, I just got a call. They said, would you wanna host the Oscars that night? Why are you laughing? Just Because the timing of it. You, we were so Busy, so busy. We were So busy. We got really sick in Spain, along with few other people. And Yeah. Also just the, it just seemed random out of left.


Yes. Like not, It was not on our break. It, it was not on our radar. Not on the radar. And That it was as if I had been, might hit me funny. It was as if I had got a call that said, we want you to be the new Miss America. Right, exactly. It was that random. And from left field, I Would've left less. So I said yes. And then we quickly had to go and tape HBO Max very kindly said, okay, yes, we, we are, you're supposed to finish this travel season, so yes, go host the Oscars, but can you knock this other travel show off very quickly? Squeeze, squeeze another, Squeeze it in quickly. So we immediately dashed to Austria, and we're shooting a show in Austria when I get the call that my father had passed away.


So I rush home, and then while I'm home, I see that my mom is going too. And she went three days later. And that was an experience that was very intense. And a bunch of you were very kindly flew out for that, which blew my mind. And I still thank you for that. That means the world to me. Well, of course, Eduardo a nohow. It was duly noted, Eduardo. Yeah. I called for you during the eulogy we around. I said, and of course, Eduardo. Eduardo, right. Eduardo, I'm so sorry. Yeah, Eduardo. Sure, sure. Whatever. The funeral is not properly miked. Yeah. He didn't.


Well, I'm glad you can laugh at my parents' death. Yeah, no, no, I'm kidding. I'm laughing too. And that's, they would've wanted that. Who knows? No, I don't think so. Benefit. You Know, while you were gone, you, you left Austria and we were, we had to stay there another few days. Oh, I'm so sorry. That must've been tough for you. Well, yeah. We had to go on to Vienna. Yeah. One of the crown, the crown jewels of The, I had to go mourn my parents while you guys went to Vienna and shot B roll different and drank schnapps. Yeah. Just so you understand, it wasn't just you that had a difficult Yeah. Journey. Exactly. So then The van was kind of cramped, but we shot, we were like, what do we do? So we, I don't even know if we talked to you about this.


We shot something with Jordan. Yeah. That, that I'm not in't seen. Yeah. That you haven't seen. Yeah. I'm cutting it without even seeing it. Yeah. Yeah. So then there's a real role here, because that rolled right into, right into Christmas. Felt like days after, which rolled right into January, which rolled right into the fires. Fires. I've been living in a hotel since then. Right. And so I remembered us noticing that the Oscars are getting closer and closer, and because of all this madness, we haven't been able to get together in a room and get going. And so you were instrumental in putting together, we, I mean, some of the names were obvious because it's people you and I had worked with for a long time, but I think we put together a murderer's row of writers.


Amazing, amazing Writers. We just laughed. I missed being in a room with this crew. Oh man. And we were, we all stumbled downstairs in this very, in this building. It's a big conference room there. And we just would Laugh day. And I would come in all day. I would come in and it was therapy for me because I would come in and anyone who knows me knows that I, I'm like a fish in water, in tropical water when I'm in a writer's room. I'm just so happy to be around writers and to be joking around, usually riffing on things that could never make it into an Oscar show. Right. And there was plenty of that. Yes. But, And that was a good shorthand to bring this crew back that had already written for you, so That Yes.


They knew they knew my style. Yeah. And, and also just goofing around like y You know, it was just an instant. But I mean, would you do it shorthand, Brian, Kylie, Laurie, Matt Oen, Matt O'Brien, Laurie Kil, Martin, Dan Cronin, Dan Cronin, Jesse Gaskell, and Jose Arroyo. Yeah. Who also work on the travel shows. Yep. Skyler Higley. Yep. And did we mention Brian Kylie? Oh, And by the way, yes. Twice. Brian Kylie was also there. And then also Brian and Kylie, Kylie comma. Oh. And Scott Gerdner came in to help shoot some of the amazing, he, he's amazing. And he helped give a great look to some of the things that We wanted to do. Scott Garner was a writer. Yeah.


On the TB show. Josh Comers. Josh Comer. Josh Comers. Fantastic. Did we mention Kylie ERs, Brian Kylie. Yes. But also Berkeley Johnson. Berkeley Johnson. Berkeley Johnson. Amazing. And you should see Berkeley Johnson a joke I've been doing for 15 years. And it's always better. I was, it's so satisfying. But we have to tell this story. Skyler Higley wrote the, the Drake joke. Halftime. The halftime, the half Time For a half way through the Oscars. We Halfway through the Oscars, which means it's time for Kendrick Lamar to come out and call Drake a pedophile. And he wrote that joke. And today I was, I mean, this has happened to me a couple of times, but I, I walked to some store this morning to get a cup of coffee, and this young black gentleman came up to me and went, co I gotta ask you, did you write that, that joke about Drake?


And I said, I did not. That is the handiwork of Skyler Higley, and I gotta give it up. Right. I'm, I'm, I'm not that well versed in the rap battles, but, but I got major props from this gentleman. Excellent. And, but we started working and then just generating ideas. And it's the same, I it's the same thing we've done back when we would do Emmy shows or any kind of Comic-Con shows, which is just generate thousands of ideas and throw most of them out. We had so many ideas that, like, you can't get too attached to any idea because the, the, you just know that things are going to get cut.


For example, we had a whole big cold open Yep. That we loved. And, and That was not the substance cold open that we ended up going With. No, it was a different one. And it was basically hammered out before the fires, the idea of it before the fires happened. And then even after that, we kind of honed it and it, it would've been like three or four minutes long. And it was you Yeah. It be starting out in Wicked. So you're in a same It was, it was, well, it was the idea that I'm gonna, oh, Kona's now gonna goof on all the movies. Yes. And so it starts with me and I'm all green in Wicked. Right. Define Gravity or one of those songs. Right. And I finish it, and then you see, you cut to the next thing, which is gladiator.


Right. And clang clang clang with swords. And then you see that I'm a gladiator, but then you notice that I'm still green. And then you go on to Con conclave Conclave, and you see people voting with their ballots. And then one of the hands is still green. And then peop And then you cut to me and Dune. And one of the characters, Javier Bar Javier Barde, is saying, I can't hear you take, 'cause they all wear those Right. Masks in the sand. Take it off. Take it off. And I finally take it, what's your problem, man? And I take it off and I'm green. And he is like, what the hell man, did you start this with Wicked? And I went, yeah, we, and this stuff doesn't come off. And the whole thing is that the die wouldn't come off.


Right. Right. And we had to shoot it all in one day. Right. And it was kind of a conceptual idea, which we were, but we thought, oh, this is, we can carry this through the whole thing. Where then all the characters in every movie that I've inhabited are laughing at me and giving me a hard time, because I started out as green, Including No Ferra too. They're all Piling up. Ferra too. They're all piling on me. Like, you don't start with green. Everyone knows that stuff doesn't ev Everyone knows that stuff doesn't come off. You shoot, you shoot the Wicked at the end. I know. But we had one day and no one told me That's a good bill. Scars. Thank You. So we thought, so we thought that that was, we were like, oh yeah, this is the idea. Right.


And then we realized, this is so complicated to shoot, and it takes so many different setups and started to kind of fall out of, Well, it was more, and, but also then the Oscars said, we're opening 'cause of the fires with this big Yes, that's true. Musical tribute. Yeah. And that we were like, wait, you, you can't go for a five minute musical tribute and then go into a five or four minute comedy piece. So we needed something Quick. We needed something quick. So we, and I was obsessed. Right. Always obsessed with coming out of Demi Moore's back. Right. Since I was a child. No, I, I just, I meant that visual of my hair coming outta my head with something I was obsessed with.


And that ended up being Yes. A good, but it's one of the things you learn, which is that you constantly, it's not just, it's with monologue jokes and it's also with bits. And this is, this is more about the process. Don't fall in love with anything. Because also the times change. You know, if something is eight weeks out or nine weeks out, what's funny now isn't the story four weeks later. So, so many of the narratives kept changing with the Oscars race. That, and, and things would seem funny now, but then not later. And then we got a lot of clarity. 'cause I started going out to different clubs Right. And doing jokes. And I could see which ones, boy, that was consistently work.


Well, That was incredibly helpful. And, and I think also just, You know, for, for just confidence in that, oh no, these, these jokes are good. The audiences were very nice because they would go out and say, I mean, I know Nikki Glaser does this as well. Right. But it's a very good tool to go out and try things out with an audience. But I would say, please don't record this. And they wouldn't. Right, right, right. Which was really nice because all they'd have someone would have to do is put that online and you're completely screwed. Well, well, the other landmine, which I didn't think about, I wasn't really aware of, is Yeah.


Like, I've heard the term award season, but it never, I was like, well, award season, there was a different award show. So once we were gonna go to a club, and they're like, oh, sure. You're go on. After so and so who's hosting the D You know, Judd Appell iss hosting the DGA awards, he's gonna do his monologue first. And you're just like, wow, there's so many. Right. And then, You know, I can't, shows can't, we can't even be there when he does his, because we don't want to hear something. Right. Like, we can't be influenced. Right. We don't, we wanna make sure there's no overlap. So you get into this thing where then you say, okay, that show's over. I know, but this, this comics out hosting this Spirit award, the Spirit Awards, and they're doing the circuit and trying jokes about, so you have to wait till, and if anyone does any joke Yeah.


You can't do that joke then. Right. Obviously it's gone. So We had a couple of areas where we're just like, ah, now we can't do that. We Can't, it's gone now because someone else did it. So the whole thing was fascinating. But I have to say, the, the real education, the real behind the scenes education was, You know, the Academy of Motion pictures? Yes. They're very serious about certain things. Right. And we had the, this real lesson in, and again, I don't fault them, I'm just, this is what they do. They, the, the Oscar, the Oscar, the image of Oscar Right. Is very important to them. And there'd be times where we'd be shooting bits to promote the Oscars promos, Promos, promos to run on a, b, c Promos to run on a, B, c or to go on the internet that would, You know, promote the Oscar.


And I remember there was a giant Oscar statue and I shot something with it. It was really fun. And at one point, I, I said, it would be really funny, it was about Oscar and I, the Oscar and I sharing an apartment, and we don't get along. Our marriage is crumbling. And this was actually out there. It ended up releasing it. And I ended thought it came out pretty well. But it's just a nine foot Oscar and I bickering. And he, of course, the Oscar's not doing anything. It's just standing there like a statue. And I'm saying, what happened to our marriage? And we're fighting about things that couples fight about. But at one point I thought, oh, this would be really great if the Oscar was just on the couch. What's, lay it on a really big couch and I'll, I'll be vacuuming and say, could you at least right.


Lift your feet? Or could you at least get up and help? Right. Load the dishwasher. And we, we wanted to do it. And they just said, no, no, no. That can't happen. And I said, There was whispering on the other side was whisper, Whispering this big room. And then one of the people from the academy came forward and said, Oscar can never be horizontal. And that blew my mind. Yeah. Like, wow, this is like the thighbone of St. Peter. You, this is a religious icon. Yeah. But, And we tried to put an apron when it was serving you leftovers. And they're like, no clothing on Oscar. Yeah. Nick Oscar's always naked. So he Is always naked. But he won't lie down. Exactly. There's rules. I Didn't know. Oh no. There was just these rules.


There's a lot of rules with Oscar. And then you realize, oh, this has been around, this award ceremony has been around since 1929. Right. There's a lot of different sort of shorthand for what can and can't happen. But they ended up being very helpful. I wanna stress that. They, they let us, everyone Was great. They were great. And the a, B, C people were fantastic. And the producers we worked with Ra and Katie, they were amazing. They would just make anything happen. They would just, anything we said, they would say, yes. Let's, that sounds funny. Let's make it happen. So the, The day we met them, they were so nice. And it's like, oh, this is the classic Rope doku. Yeah. They, This is a trick. The first time we asked for some, You know, and I, they were amazing.


Right. Yeah. Every step of the way. But it just, it just kept getting my experience of it was, once I said yes, I would always wake up at three in the morning and look at the ceiling and go, what? That's a what? A what What I, I said yes to what? Oh yeah. And then this takes about an hour and a half to get back to sleep. And that's just the deal. That's just what ha what it's like, I Was, we, I, I talked to a few other, some of the writers, and I was waking up at three air thinking of things that either were still up in the air or that I forgot to do that day. They came to me at three in the morning and I was like, just, and then I couldn't go back to sleep till this week.


Ugh. That awful. It was awful. It joined This week. Awful. During this Week, week. I have been, I have been, I refuse to, I mean, we finished, it's now Friday. We did Sunday night was the show. And it's been, my wife is just, I I'm, I am horizontal all the time. I'm glad I know Oscar can't be be She doesn't like you horizontal. Yeah. I never has. The, the response was really lovely. And then just, but the thing I keep going back to is, is the lighting. The lighting is insane. It's the best lighting I've ever had.


It's the best lighting I ever will have. And it's Bobby Dickinson, right. And Noah Mintz. Yeah. And they kept, they were like looking at my face and touching little dials and adjusting things during the rehearsals. And they also adjusted my face manually. But I'm sorry. I swear to God. I looked at myself in a monitor at one point in rehearsal and I'm like, who's that guy? It's not me. Yeah. And I know online people were speculating a You know, a did Conan get some work done or something? He's like, it's called lighting. It's called lighting. Which by the way, if you've checked out the podcast, this is not Oscar Lighting.


That's pretty good. And also we do these travel shows. And I'm always, I'm always, my brand of comedy has always been, Hey, this, this could be really funny. Let's just go do it. Right. And we shoot it with no thought towards lighting. Or I'll run into a seven 11 and do something. It's a documentary cruise style. It's a documentary cruise style as if it were a war zone. Right. So I always look like, I always look like, You know, a a toy that a dog got ahold of and shoot up. And then suddenly I step out there and hit my mark and I'm a a 19-year-old. You looked girl. I know. And then I did look good. Did you? Did.


Then I step out. It, it's like, oh, oh, the old pumpkins back. Oh boo. That's an intimidating room to be up on that stage. And looking at all those people must have been, I Think you were in the audience. So what was that? Yeah. What was it it like in the audience? Were you, were you scared? For me? Yeah. I, You know, I was really, you can say it. I, no, I was a little nervous for you. And it was weird not to work. It. It's one of the, You know, those big events that I would normally have worked? I didn't work at the event You brought Tack. I brought Tack. And we were sitting next to Kurt Russell and Goldie Han. Oh my God. Wow. Wow. What was that Like? I know. We were behind the complete on their own cast. They're so much, they're so much fun.


Yeah. We were in the fourth row. Ariana Grande and Cynthia Revo were just a few rows ahead of us. Your seats were much better than I said. They sh these are not the seats. I know. I think you made a mistake. I think I did. I do. I really think you made a mistake. Yeah. And I, I just didn't move the whole time. 'cause I was like, I can't draw. Someone Gonna draw Attention. Someone's gonna, and also If you leave this seat, someone's gonna take it from you. Yeah. And, and also every time you would come up, tak would be like, yeah, cozy. And I'd be like, stop talking. You can't do that here. It's the Oscar Who sat behind you Behind Oprah. Oprah sat Oprah. Oprah better Behind us, better Seats than Oprah. Oprah, Oprah Winfrey.


Had to look through your big hair to try and see who had won an Oscar. Oh my God. How did that happen? So Eric, You know, Erica Brown was there as well, who works on the show. And I was like, we have to get you to meet Oprah. So we were following her and We have, I've introduced Erica Brown to former First Lady Michelle Obama. Twice. Twice. Twice. Yeah. Yeah. And You know, she's from Jackson, Mississippi. That Count is An Oprah. Everybody back. Yeah. Everybody back home is just like, oh my God. And so, You know, I was like, oh, we'll just walk by her and I'll like push you into her. You know, like, just like, Oh, that's a good idea. Shove you into her. Yeah. Yeah. And you were telling tack to be quiet, You Know? So what did you do?


So What happened? So we were following Oprah and then she just disappeared. Yeah. She's, And I think she went out like a special exit, You know? Well she has trapped doors installed. Yes. Before she goes, people show up and install trap doors. Yeah. She helped design that. Yeah. But it was really exciting to just be there in the audience watching you and, and just like hearing the jokes for the first time. You know, I mean, it was, it was awesome. It was really, really cool. And everybody around was talking about how great you were doing and It was fun. Yeah. It was a lot of fun. It was to have also to have an orchestra. Yeah. Were amazing. You get spoiled between the lighting and an orchestra. Hi. That's the first time they put the orchestra. That was, that was cool. Right? That wasn't that, That was incredible.


Cool. It was really cool. And then a trap door, an Oculus had opened to reveal the, the orchestra. Yeah. It was very, it was neat. Yeah. Yeah. Kind of It. And they had a bond tribute for no good reason other than I assume it was for you. Yeah. Matt Corley. I have some notes. Let's hear it. No, How much of the show do you guys, oh, that is the joke. Is it just That that is the joke? Well, no, anything I'm doing, we wrote Yeah. Yeah. But was like the rest of the Oscar A d they have a great different, they have a very good team. Right. Headed up by John Max. John Max, okay. And Who works on, man, he's, he works on every award show. It's, he's Working on one right now. I'm sure. He's the Soul Train Awards.


He's working on the Mark Twain awards. I said Soul Train. Okay. But I'm just, I'm a stickler for Accuracy. So The Soul Twain. Yeah. And so, God, Zach Alaka did that very joke in one of the clubs I was in. Oh, sorry. No, it's okay. It's okay. I just wanna make sure that he doesn't think we ripped him off the Yeah. I have to say the, that was a, that was a of all, that was a highlight probably in a long career. That was just so, oh Yeah. It was So fun. And, and then, but I just was thinking lighting. The lighting is amazing. There's this orchestra, everyone in the crowd's wearing a tuxedo.


And I mean, you hosted the Emmys twice. Yeah, that's true. Right. But, but yes. This, so it's like, oh, well, okay. You know how to do that. But then, I don't know, there just, it was a different level of getting scared before something. The Oscars, you get intense. You get intense. Before it got Intense. Very intense. That's a big gig. Yes. Because then, You know, people are watching like whatever around the world or something. Well, af I, I wondered. I'm like, why are you so out of your mind and waking up at 3:00 AM and then afterwards you're like, oh, that's why. 'cause it really is highly scrutinized. What's It like backstage? Oh, what's the, that's interesting. Is it chaos? Is it controlled?


No, it is a machine. I that, my experience of it was that the way they have it set up is the winners drift off stage. Right. And that they're taken into a whole, You know, it's like a digestive system, right? It's like they're taken through the press, they're taken through the winner's walk, then they're taken right into a press. There's a quick, I think glam shots. Then they're taken into the press room. Then they're going taken this way. And I'm on the other side mostly I'm either going to set, but I'm always coming off from, from stage left. So I'm coming out to either my mark on stage, laughter to the center.


So there's not a lot of interaction. But every now and then, you'd have this amazing moment. And the one for me was, I'm backstage and I'm watching the Monitor. 'cause you're, you're just watching the monitor In between I'll, I'll go and talk to the writers and we'll think, what could be a funny idea? What could be a funny thing we could say here? We were constantly trying to think of what's something that could come up, what's happening in the show and what can we comment on? But every now and then, there's not much to do. We know, which the next joke is, it's not for 10 more minutes. So I'm sitting there, stage left, and I'm looking at my monitor and I'm just aware of like a presence to my left.


And I kind of just look over and it's this guy. And I, I, I immediately see that it's Mick Jagger and who I've never met. Oh. And Mick Jagger looks at me and he starts nudging me. And in kind of a comic American voice, he's like, Hey, hey, how's the crowd? How's a crowd? How's a crowd? How's the crowd out there? How's the crowd doing? How's the crowd doing? How, how are they, how are they? And I said, crowd's really good. 'cause they were, I said, it's, it's a good crowd. And I said, but You don't have to worry about that 'cause you're Mick Jagger. And he went, oh no, no. And I'm not gonna try and do a Mick Jagger. But he said, I always worry about the crowd. And I said, wait a minute.


So you're with the Rolling Stones and you're in Buenos Aires and you're getting ready to come out and start the show, and you're gonna start off with satisfaction and you're anxious that the crowd isn't gonna be good. And he said, I, he said, oh no, definitely I wear an earpiece and I listen to the crowd and sometimes I can tell the crowd isn't quite there yet and I have to give it a little extra upfront. And I was so relieved. 'cause I realized, obviously he's 35 levels beyond me. But nothing ever goes away. Mm. Meaning I've had many people give me a hard time.


'cause I'm in a small gathering and I'm supposed to get up and give a toast and Liza can tell I'm anxious and I'm getting worked up and I'm looking around the room to see, is this a good room? And she's like, it's a dinner party. What's, what are you doing? And I'm like, it's just never goes away. You're always worried about that stuff. And to hear that Mick Jagger, who's I believe 81, the front man for the Rolling Stones. Oh my God. Is asking people, how's the asking me, how's the crowd? You think I'll be all right out there? I don't know. It's gonna beat touch and go for you, Mick. How's, how's the lighting? Yeah, Exactly. Yeah.


But he, I mean, I was kind of intimidated 'cause I didn't know what he would be like. He was incredibly nice. He said to me at one point, oh and by the way, we've never met. And I'm like, he, how do You know you've never met me? Isn't your life just a blur of occasionally an orange person comes by. He was lovely. He was great and, and funny and thoughtful. And I had a great exchange with him. And then I knew I, I need to end this. Like, don't hang on too long. So I said, well, anyway, wonderful. Lovely to, it was very nice to meet you too. And I, I walk away and I think Ruthie has me walking away from him. Oh. And I saw that Ruthie was filming it and I just walk up and go like, okay.


That just fucking blew my mind. Yeah. That's pretty crazy. Back into the tent with the rider. Yeah. Were You guys in A tent? We were. It's kind of a black tine kind of roped off area. Oh yeah. And we had monitors and we had a, You know, we had the scroll of the script. And so we would like, after Flow one, Brian Colley had a joke about, You know, it's the first win for Latvia. It's, it's Your kind, like, it's your move Estonia. Yeah. And then If you guys Are on the fly, just like coming out, What Was the process of you doing that and then getting that into the teleprompter for him in time?


Like how, how much time Was there there, there was this producer named Rachel was right in the room with us. And she really helped with the script along the way. She was great during the show. We, our script guy, John Creto, who we could not have done any of this without. He, He's a hero. He came out from New York just to work on the show, which was amazing. 'cause he worked on the Old Show. Walked, walked The whole way And he walked the Whole way. 'cause we wouldn't give him bus fare. Right. And he's, he's right now only in Iowa. He's still on his way back home. But she, so we'd tell John, You know, okay, let's do this. And then she'd talk to the prompter person and it would come right up and he'd read it and be like, get okay, you've got 10 seconds to get out there.


Oh, There was God, oh gosh. Couple times. Yeah. There was a moment that I was happy about, which is we're, I dunno if we're backstage, but we are, it's very just before the show, and we see Timmy Chalamet coming in. Right. And he's wearing a bright, bright yellow outfit. It was Red carpet Coverage, red carpet coverage in your dressing room. And he's wearing this suit that's just bright, bright, Like creamsicle Creamsicle yellow. And I said, well, he won't get hit driving his bike at night. And people around me were like, that's funny. And so I just kept it in my head and I walked out there and it was one of the first things I said like, Hey, it's hel hey, you won't get hit on your bike. People were like, ha ha ha. And I'm like, that's not even on a prompter.


Yeah. But it was just kind of, it was a nice feeling to feel like it is the same thing as you can just think of something and say it and this giant important room, if it's, if it's okay, they'll laugh at it. It doesn't not all have to come through this, this huge process of agony. You Were very, I mean, you were very loose. You know, I Had a few pills in me. Well, whatever they worked Yeah. Because you were as loose as a goose. And it, it was Perfect. It was a, it was, it was a, it was a really fun night. And I have to say, I lots of thanks and gratitude to a, b, c academy.


They, they really did. And the producers, Raj and Katie, they, they made, they took really good care of us. And they seemed to know that yeah, Conan, this needs to be what Conan wants it to be. It's gotta be his in his voice. They were very good about that. And Everyone was very supportive. Yeah. Michael Bearden, the, the conductor, the musical director Great. Who worked out the, the song. The song with me Time with you. Yeah. He was great. He was A great collaborator. Right. Yeah. Michael Bearden was great. And that's, that's a guy that Yeah. Worked with Whitney Houston and Right. And Michael Jackson. And I mean, the list of people he's worked with is insane. Yeah. So I, I had huge moments of inadequacy saying, yeah, I wanna sing this song. And he would sit down at the piano and, and Just bang it out And start.


And we'd be like, making it up and thinking, you rather be working with a real musician. Right. He would transpose the key on the spot. Like, oh, okay, well let's try dfl. Yeah. D flat. Yeah. It sounds like you're a flat. Right. And so, but there were so many fun things. Like the sensibility has always been, we love puppets and silliness. Right. So we got obsessed with Sand worm. We early on, and then I being part of the show, I kept putting off, ordering it up. I'm like, I'm like, is this, we're gonna have a sand worm. First the sand worm was sitting in the audience and I'm like, all right. A sand worm. Oh. Oh. And then there was one idea where the sand worm comes out Yes.


With an envelope. And we were like, no, how are we gonna get, it's not gonna move. Yeah. And then we realized that It was gonna come down upside down and talk to you And San he's gonna have lines. And so there was just, there's a whole, there's a whole lifeline to these things. There's a whole evolution. And then finally it became clear San Worm needs to be in the orchestra and needs to have gone to the Berkeley School of Music. Right. Who played the Sam worm? We, it was a, a guy who does a creature. Oh, acting. Oh wow. So he was, But but also crucially from our team, the gentleman, the artist who, who dresses me and who Scott Chronic, who's been with me for years, who I married.


You married on, on television. Yeah. On television. Yes. In New York. He and his partner in New York. Yes. You officiated the wedding. Is that right? You're not Married too. But I also was married to him for a while. That for a while. And then Liza found out and the whole thing went south. But enhanced your own marriage. Exactly. But he built the sand worm and In three days. So he built it in three days. And so it was behind the harp, but then we had different ideas for who should be behind the piano. Right. And it wasn't quite working out. We couldn't quite figure it out. And then finally it occurred to us, the sand worm should be the person on the piano. Right. And then the sand worm can show up again on the harp as a callback. That happened. We came, that happened like the day before the Oscars.


We realized, I think it was the day before it was that we realized that it was that Friday that Yes, sand worm should come out on the piano first. Yes. And then show up later on, on the harp because he's a multi-instrumentalist. That's important. And, but, But when he came out the first time we rehearsed that song rolled out on the piano. It was such a great reveal. Such a great, oh. Almost as dramatic as you coming out of Demi Moore's back. It was just like, whoa. That's a great tableau. 'cause you're singing in the foreground and there's this Worm sand word worm was pounding away at the Keys. Yeah. I was like, okay. But Scott Chronic designed the costume and then at the end of the show, before the show was even over, I think someone from the academy said, we'd like to keep the sand worm.


Like, because they have Always I Didn't know that. Because they have a museum. Oh yeah. So great. So I don't know if it's ever gonna happen, but If you go to the Academy Museum, oh, you can see the, you can see the, you can see the shark from Jaws. Yeah. You know, you can see the, the, the snow globe from, from Citizen Kane and Oh, there's sand worm. There's sand worm from the 97th Oscars ruining the museum, dragging it all down. So I heard they had to get rid of the shark from Jaws to make room the Sand, the sand Worm. It's priorities. But I, I think they have the right, The sand worm ate the shark because Oh. And we mentioned he's above it in the food chain. We mentioned Scott Gairdner. He, he directed the substance.


He also, we did a ad parody cinema streams. Yeah. Did a great job of that. And then he shot our two Jeff Bezos arriving Bezos so good. Yeah. At the Oscars. Yeah. Match Char, the reason I'll never get a, a package again. Yeah. Yeah. Bezos is probably like, ha ha. See what? He never gets a package again. He's petting a white cat And Yeah. Matt Char, our char editor, our travel show editor edited. Oh, if we're just gonna listen too. We were working on The travel shows during, well, like, we had to come in on the weekend and edit. And I didn't even tell you 'cause I thought you'd, you'd be like, what are you do? Why are you working on Anything? I was so enraged when People, other than the Oscars, When people would try to talk to me about the travel shows.


Right. Every now and then Jeff Ross would say something like, so anyway, You know, if we do end up going to India, I'd be like, it's not about the, not about the, I don wanna talk about it. Yeah. I learned I'm a real pleasant chap. You Know what? Yeah. We were real pleasant. Leading up to your mind works constantly when you're focused on something and You know, I feel like a lot of times when you're getting your creative energy out, you're just making fun of us more than you normally would. No, not No, no, no. Yeah. No. That's In your head. I'm gonna say. So that's in your head. That's in your head. Do You feel that way too, Matt? Yeah, I Felt that. Yeah. I felt like it was just, I'm of it anger and passion. It was just elevated. So it was a real joy for all of us to work for you. It wasn't always easy to be around Picasso.


Okay. But boy did he fill a lot of museums with wonderful work. That's right. Two, three Picasso and Sand Worm. And a Sand Worm. Yeah. Those are my muses. But also Sweeney. Weren't you? We were in os we were in Austria. And weren't you trying to then pull together this writer's room? Yes. From across the world as well As in Austria. During the day you would be directing the Austria show and then at night you would come back to the hotel and then we would all chill and you would be going and trying to pull together this studio. I was on the phone with different writers, managers because initially it was like, We were often funnier than the writers. Yes. The managers were very editor, Manager are very, they got great ideas. They're great to chat with in Salzburg.


Yeah. No. And that was all coming together over there. Yeah. But then we ended up, You know, we, we reassembled our old team and they, it is the best move. They they're the funniest. Yeah. It was so much fun. Fun. I know. It was great. Incredible. Great to have that room, that writer's room. Yep. Good to see them all again. Yeah. Nice. It was a nice reunion. It was really, really nice to see everybody Also to have everything humming where there's a writer's room downstairs working on the Oscars. I'd be in there joking around then I'd come up here. Yeah. And we would do a podcast. Abuse these people. Abuse Guys could abuse people on multiple levels. I know. You really could. You had room set up just to make fun of people. People are gonna get the wrong idea about me from these jokes you're making.


Oh yeah, yeah. Anywho Con Can I, can I also ask You went on Kimmel, which is really funny and and he gave you advice to sit down. Did you sit down backstage? No, not that much. Wow. No, you were on your feet The whole time. I was on my feet the whole time. 'cause I'm very hyperactive. Yeah. Jimmy's advice was sit as much as possible. 'cause it's a lot of standing and I can't sit still. And so there's footage. I mean, I gotta give a shout out since you're naming everyone you've ever met. I, I, I figured, Hey, doing an amazing job. I'm gonna list the people that served in the Korean War now on the American side. Sure. No, but Ruthie and Samantha, who are on the stu who handle the social media, they did this amazing thing where they were shooting video all the time, sort of day in the life video and, and posting it.


But there's not only am I not sitting down, but at one point I'm doing a Russian dance while the writers around me are chanting come in and I'm, if the show is only half over and I'm expending energy and doing that leg kick dance and then I, it is madness. Absolute madness. But that's the world I like to live in. Anyway, it was a, it was an honor, it was a privilege, it was a thrill. And Mike Sweeney would not have happened without this man. You guess probably do. Well that's, no, we'd have found someone else. Sure, of course. Very Quickly. So first thing I learned about is everyone's replaceable.


What's, What's Next? Who you better show up to work. What's Next? What, I mean, you've hosted the Emmys, you've hosted the s Latin Grammys, No fault Black Grammys. Yeah. Come on Eduardo. You're a real fit guy. What do you think? I think you're a perfect Fit. I think you do. I think you'd be great. You, Your Spanish killed During the Yeah. Yes. Ada, we, that was, yeah. And you're Hi Indian. You're Chinese, your Mandarin. Yeah. The key to the Mandarin was they were laughing so they couldn't hear the Mandarin. But anyway, it was, it was a real highlight. But it's also, man, it's nice to have that behind us. Yeah. I gotta say, Well, great job. I I know I haven't said that till now. No, you, you really nailed it.


Fantastic. Well, we can't just be patting ourselves in the back here. I know there's work to be done. There's work Bobby to be done. Bobby Goodman. Yeah. So This man, can I talk to you? Can I talk about this Guy you, what you do and what you did. Now I'll, you did it. Now I'll be Sebastian Maniscalco. This guy. This fucking guy. This fucking guy. All right. That was our Oscars podcast. Talk down. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Cession and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gourley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo.


Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aren Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Conn. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash Conan.


And If you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever find podcasts are downloaded.