
Back to school. Ring the bell. Loose the Hello. Welcome to Conan O'Brien Needs a friend. It is a massive understatement to say this is a special episode or a unique episode. We are doing this episode without any guest. This is the first time we've opened together since the wildfires broke out.


And there's a lot to discuss and do process. We don't usually do this, but I'm just gonna say the date. It's Thursday, January 16th, 2025. Fires broke out. I believe it was a weekend two days ago, right? It was, yeah, Tuesday night. Tuesday, I think it started Tuesday afternoon and then got worse and worse and worse throughout the day. And we've all had our own experiences, but really we have to start by acknowledging that Sona, you lost your house. Yeah. And there, You know, I would Last longer before I started crying.


Sorry. Well, well listen, I, This is the, I really thought I was like, keep it together. Do It. Well, You don't have to keep it together. You don't have to keep it together. There's, You know, you and I have texted a lot Yeah. And talked some on the phone, but words just seem so stupid when somebody lost their home. Yeah. So It's not stupid. It means a lot when you check in and just everybody texting. I haven't been, been able to even respond. There's people who've texted that I haven't even talked to in years. It, it, it, it feels really good at a time like this to feel like people are thinking about you.


Yeah. So it's nice. So don't, Well, let's, let's lead with, let's lead with tack your husband. Your is, is, and, and your boys. My boys, Mikey and Charlie. What do Mikey and Charlie know? Do they know anything? They don't Have a clue about what's going on. Right. They think, they think we, we told them we, You know, there's always this like, oh, you should be honest with your kids and tell 'em. And we're like, no, we're just not gonna tell them that their house burned down. I think that that's probably the, for us, the right thing to do. I, I gave them emails when they were babies, so I emailed them their future selves and I said, oh, this is what happened right.


To this house that you were born, you came into when you were first born in the first three year and a half years of your life. But they think we're just living somewhere else until we build a house. And they're really into construction. So like, Mikey's, like, I'll drive the cement mixer and Charlie can drive the excavator. And it's like, you're not gonna build it. Like, And they're not gonna find out about their new, the old house till they're 18. I get the email. So, well, I don't know About 18. They're, how old are they now? They're three and a half. They're Three and a half. And they're, honestly, we're living with my parents right now. They're getting toys every day. I don't think they've ever been happier Because people are just, everyone's saying, oh my God.


The boys. The boys, the poor boys. And they're just, they just know. I mean, I used to think this way about snowstorms when I was a kid. I was just Good news. Yeah. And the, the people, it didn't matter what happened to anyone else if school was canceled. So for in their perspective, all they know is there's gonna be some fun construction. Yeah. And they get to build the house. Yeah. Yeah. Which I think you should let them do. Okay. Well, they can get licensed and I don't think they can. I think they can. But c can I ask? And again, I'm not, I just, how these things unfold is such a mystery. I know that for all of us, I was here working on Tuesday. We weren't podcasting, but I was meeting with writers and we were talking about the Oscars and we were working on that with that team.


And I got a phone call from my wife saying, well, there's some smoke. And I remember thinking, well, we've been through this before. Yeah. We've been evacuated. There's also been smoke and we haven't been evacuated. So there's very much a, it's part of life in la. And so I wasn't thinking that much about it. And then the next thing I know, she was like, we've been evacuated. And so I went from here to, You know, whatever. We went to a hotel and I, I went to sleep that night thinking, 'cause we live in the Palisades. And I just remembered thinking, I'm pretty sure that our house will go.


And it did not. But just the number of people I've heard from people I know personally who lost houses is stunning. Yeah. It's, it's a, it's crazy. And I know you're in Altadena and it must be the same thing where it's not just you, you must know so many people. It's it's our entire, our entire street, our whole neighborhood has just been just, just destroyed. It looks like it's hard for me to look at pictures. It looks really almost apocalyptic. There's just nothing there.


And we've been talking to all our neighbors. Everyone's okay. But it is, You know, we, we really loved that community. Yeah. And It's, It's really sad that it's all gone. Yeah. I think that's the thing too, is that you're, you're really sad for other people who also lost their houses. And so you just, you all kind of like commiserate together. I'm on a group with like 70 other people from Altadena on a WhatsApp group and we're all talking about what the next steps are. So that's keeping us busy. But you're right. It's just the number of people I know who lost their homes is, I mean, it's like, it's just unthinkable.


It's, it's, it's crazy. But thankfully we, everybody that we reached out to is safe somewhere. So that's, that's important. Yep. But it is. Oh, it sucks. Is there anything, I'm, is there anything that you are doing now that at least helps you feel like you can take steps? Like, I don't the, what the process of we've been, I've been locked out of. We've been, no one gets close to our neighborhood. Yeah. I don't know when we'll get back to our neighborhood, but you've got this other consideration of, okay, what are the steps involved? Meaning, yeah. Do you, with insurance claims, things like that. What are we, We put in an insurance claim.


It's all this stuff and people are sending us so much stuff about property taxes, about, You know, what you could do with your mortgage payments about signing up for fema, signing up for this, signing up for that. And it's, I think I just, I want my kids to go back to their school, which is fine. The school's okay. Yeah. Tax back at work. I'm back. I, I want like, normalcy and then we'll probably end up having to rent a house for a while and then, You know, figuring it out. You, it's just, there's like a thousand questions. It's crazy how many Yeah. And you can't process it all at once. No, you can't. And that's the thing, it's just, there's so much to do and You know, I don't like doing anything and now I have to like, fill out forms.


Right. And I have to think about things, especially In the state you're in. I can't imagine having to do that stuff. That's already awful. Oh. But sometimes is that helpful to engage in like, okay, this is a tangible thing I can do that gets us to the next step. Yeah. Rather than just sit and think about perseverate, worry about what's happened. It's just so much stuff to think I don I mean, also I realized I'm not good under pressure. We saw the flames from the ridge near our house and we, we and I, we had a friend who's, whose husband works in the LAFD and she's like, you should probably just evacuate. And then, but everything was moving east and we're west.


And then all of a sudden at three 30 when we were at my mom's house, there was an evacuation order for our area. And then my alarm company called around six and they're like, the sensors in the living room and in the master are picking up movement. And I thought, oh, it's that, can you tell if it's a person or what is it? And she's like, we can't tell. And I, I, I asked her, I was like, are they flames? And she didn't know. And then we just, I hung up and I was like, I think my house is currently on fire. And it was it, I was just sitting in my car just like sobbing and I was like, oh my god, my, my house is on just on fire. And then my parents' house got evacuated and so Tak and I were like, I and I like grabbed Charlie and Mikey out of the bed and I just put 'em in and I'm like, let's just drive south.


I dunno where we're going. So we went to Orange County and we just stayed there through Sunday and we made the boys think we were on vacation. And so we were like, Yeah, you sent me this great video of them on the beach. Yeah. Just having a wonderful time. Your boys just Having a blast. Yeah. They're just totally clueless. Which is nice. It's nice to be around them 'cause they have no idea what's going on. And I think they're one of five, they're two of, we're we're one of five families in their school that all lost their homes. So, You know, it's gonna be interesting for them to go back to school. And I, I hope people don't treat them any different. You know, we wanna just sort of keep things the same. I just wanna fast forward to six months from now where like I look back on all this stuff and I'm like, it's okay.


It's all just stuff. And then, You know. But Can I ask, did you have a chance be before you left your house? Did you have a chance to get anything? I took some stuff. I took like the very important like family heirloom jewelry. I took my grandma's ice bucket, which is like, it's not just, it's, you could get it on eBay. It's not like it's still a specialized bucket. But it, I went back in and got my Crocs, one of them, I got one of my Crocs. I just wanted one of them. Well we got the, I really like the left Croc, but you got some heirlooms. We got Some heirlooms. But there's a lot of things I think about that are gone.


And that makes me really sad. I had a personalized Kobe autograph picture that's gone. That's right. He was on our Tonight Show. Yeah. And I remembered, I introduced you to him and said, this is your number one fan. And he was so nice to you. He Was really nice. And he, he signed an autograph for me and my brother. And then when we met, met Jimmy Carter and he signed the photo. I had that one that's gone. There's just a lot of little things that are nothing I can't live without, but I, I don't wanna, I I just, I really miss that stuff. Yeah. Yeah. And it's, and also it's weird when we were in Orange County, we like packed up our stuff and we're like, everything we own is just in our car right now.


Right. And that's a very weird thing to think about that like, all of your possessions, everything that is something that you, you you've accumulated over the last 40 years, they're all gone and all you have left is whatever's in this van. And it's just, it's just really Sad. I think too, there's a, a mantra everyone has now, which is correct. Which is Oh, it's just stuff. And as long as we're okay and as long as my family's okay, and that's true, but you also have to acknowledge it's a loss. Oh yeah. It's a loss. Because there it's not so much the stuff itself, it's what it signifies. It's the memories. Yeah. And you have to process that. You can't skip over, You know, we're all okay.


You can't skip right to that and stay there because you are gonna feel all these things. I know. And it, it, it's weird. It does feel like you're kind of grieving and you realize like, I mean I wish I took like I had a bin full of the boys like first three years, like little things that I wanted to keep forever and that's gone. But You know, and then you are like holding out. Maybe we'll go back and like, we'll find things that we like in the rubble of whatever's left and we'll just like find something and just be really happy that things still exist. So we're, we're also waiting when we can go back. I mean the National Guard is everywhere and so we can't go to our house and You know, the air quality sucks and everything's just ash.


But You know, I think, think and The fires are still burning. That's the crazy part Too. Oh yeah. You know what, it's 55% contained. They are you eaten and what Palisades is 22% or something as of today. Yeah. Know. Contained. That's it. Yeah. The thing is, and this is, I was telling, I was telling bla about this yesterday. Me and Erica Brown went shopping and like the third, because I need a whole new, I need all new things, everything new. And we went and it kind of like was brought up when I was checking out somewhere that my house was gone. And she's like, oh, we give a 20% discount to victims of the fire. And me and Erica were like, we have to call all the stores.


We just went to just be like, do you give a 20% discount? But then it's awkward. 'cause you go to a store and you're just like, my, my house burned down Also. Do you need to, do they want you to prove that? Yeah. How do you do that? I have a piece of roof. I know I keep in my wallet. I mean, I don know what the hell they're talking about. Well, and then sometimes but also it's like an awkward thing to bring up. Yeah. It's like, hi, how are you doing? It's like my house burned down. Do I get a discount for This? Yeah. Usually it's like you get a free birthday meal at Denny's and you just show your id. I know. And then Erica was like, stop saying your house burned down.


Say you were displaced by the fires. She just wanted me to use a different wording. No, I think burned down gets you the discount. Yeah. I mean, I've been displaced. Me too. And I do not deserve a 20% discount. Can you imagine me going around? Ah, I've been displaced. I have to live in a pretty nice hotel. That's how I demand the 20% off. Sir. This is frozen yogurt establishment. Yes sir. You're buying a Rolex. I don't wanna pay full price. And it's Patek Philippe to you, sir. No, it's, it's, it's, it's just absolute fucking craziness.


It's Just nuts, dude. Just like go around just being like, hi. So the other stores are giving discounts, like, can I get a discount here when my house burned down? And at first it was like, You know, it's hard to say, oh, my house burned down. I would cry every single time. And then I just like at got to a point where I was like, hi, my house burned out. Like, what kind of discounts you got for me? Yeah. You'd be doing what if you're doing that five years from now, I know when you live in a beautiful new home. I know. And you're thriving and you've written like your third bestselling book and you pull up in a, You know, in a, like a, you pull, pull up in a BMW Hey, house burned down.


I'm getting some unleaded gas and looking at the price. What's the not 20 off that? When did your house burn? Five years ago. Oh. I also won the lottery last week. Oh my God. Oh no. But geez. But it's, it's, man it's, it's, it's, it's been very hard to process. I I don't know about you, but it's also just, well, I'm gonna switch to you for a minute, Gorley, because You know, I know that you were in, there was a while there where I was pretty certain, oh, Pasadena. I don't think that looks good. And I know your house.


I I I just thought, is this gonna get you too? And I guess you, it it, it, it didn't get to you the fire, is that Right? No, we were very lucky. We got really close to the evac warning zone and it was heading down the arroyo. So we did pack and leave. But we, that's all, I mean we just, yeah. We were Are you back in your house now? I am. The girls are still down at Momo's in Long Beach where the air is clean. I know. Yeah. Because that's the other thing is this talk about the air quality index being okay, but that doesn't account for certain lead and asbestos toxins in the air and stuff. So I don't know. I'm wearing a mask outside my house, even though it's blue skies and there's ash and everything, but Right, right. It's, it's just weird. Did you guys, did you guys pack and I couldn't, I was here.


I was You couldn't be bothered. I was, yeah. I couldn't be bothered. I was like, don't I have people to do these things for me? No. I got a call from Liza, my wife at work, and she said, okay, they told us we gotta go. And I said, okay. She said, I'm just gonna grab like two T-shirts, two pairs of socks, two pairs of under whatever, a pair of jeans. I said, great. She said, do you need me to take anything else? And I said, just grab the EB white letter off the wall. Oh, that's nice. Which is this letter that I, when I was 16 I wrote EB White a letter about I, how much I admired his writing and how I aspired to try and make something of myself. But I was afraid of criticism 'cause I'm thin skinned.


And he wrote me back this beautiful note and it's signed EB white and It says, PS if a fire happens, take this, Take this. Yeah. And so that's kind of, I said grab that, but I didn't think about anything else. And I, I don't know why I get into, and I think I've always been this way. I think I was, You know, I can channel, when I first moved out to LA and I had a, had a, on Cochran Avenue, had a $380 a month apartment and a 1977 Suzu opal that I bought at the airport for no money.


And I just always channel like Yep. I've been there before and I was really happy. And I I just have this kind of, if I, if if that whatever, if whatever something happens, I'm not gonna get another Suzu ho. No. And I'm sorry you'll get to that height again. I'm not, but, but very, I don't know. I get it on almost very calm about that and the material world and things like that. But then I also know if the reality came, there's my perception of how I would feel and then how would I really feel if that had happened? And we got really close.


I mean, it was r right up to our line of our house. And, and then you just, I don't know, I could easily be here saying we don't have our house. And like I say alive, spoken to many of my friends who lost their homes. And so, I don't know. You can't know how you would feel if that happened. Mm. So I have, You know, the possible illusion that I would say, well, it's just stuff. But no, I'm sure I would be devastated and emotional for a lot of reasons, but it's just a, it's such a confusing time and obviously it's just what can we all do for people?


If only I knew someone who had lost their Oh, right. You were mentioning No, but like I'm saying is what, what, You know, that's the question is how can, what can we do for you? You know, you're loved. You've got all of us here. I'm money aside. Oh and oh money. And I Need money. Money and food. I Need lots of, can I live in your house? Can we all come live in your house? Can I just say the parameters first? Oh, money aside, food aside, clothing aside. Oh, love. And, and affect aside, love and affection aside, sheltering you in any way at any one of my 19 mansions. Scattered any further contact aside. Yeah.


Is there anything I can do for you? And also I'm letting you go. Oh no. Is this a bad time? No Bad time. I mean, You might as well pull off the bandaid. Here's what I'm saying. The bandaid mostly torn off. I need this. Let's go the rest of the way. I need this. I know. I'm like, am I, am I I had to make a decision. You were goly and he does so much in the editing. It worked for you For so long. Yeah. How Code and fire Sona on podcast where she talks about losing her home. I'm looking forward to that headline. Oh, I know. Oh, I am really glad your house house because the Palisades is also very, very scary. It's crazy. Yeah. And I really was worried you were gonna lose it.


And I know you're not attached to the things in your, like you're saying you No, I'm, there are certain things. I'm very attached to the things in your house. And I think also If you lost yours, it would overshadow mine a lot. So in a way I'm like just really happy that you're okay. I'm gonna have mine destroyed. It makes you feel better. This is the ultimate I get to talk. Last thing that you guys do, You know where you get the last word? Oh, so you say you lost your house, did you? Well, guess what? Oh my God. No. My leg kind of hurts. So I think I win. Well you are, and it's funny 'cause people, I think, I hope it comes through, but this is a real relationship.


Yeah. You and I have been, I mean, goly, I don't barely know the guy. Yeah. I mean, I wouldn't even say that about myself. Johnny come lately. Yeah. Icy to the touch. But Well, If you just touched me once, maybe you'd know dad rubbing that icicle. But You know, you've got us and and we will all help you in any way we can. Thank you. And I do think that this is, there's no way to f fast forward through this. It's gonna be a day to day thing for you. Yeah. For quite a while. I do, I do. I know we talked about Altadena a lot and we jo we joked about it a lot.


But it was, it is a really special place. Yeah. It was an an an incredible place to raise my kids. And I just, I hope, I hope we find a way to get back there even after all this. I just, no, I've lived in LA my whole life and I was just, that's that happiest I've ever been. Right. So I just wanna make sure people know it's, it's a really incredible place. It's an incredible community. The people there are just amazing. The way that also Los Angeles is just banded together is Yes. As someone who is from here and girls, I know you're from here too. It's really inspiring. It's beautiful. It's, it's uplifting.


There's just little bright spots in in all of this shittiness and, You know, the way the city comes together. So many Have risen to the challenge and been Yeah. Remarkably generous and human. And I lived in New York during nine 11 and I'm seeing the same thing again where people ask each other, You know, how are you doing? How are you, where do you live? Are you okay? And had that conversation this morning at Bricks and Scones, which is the Oh yeah. Coffee place right next to us. Just, you just start asking people, how are you? Where do you live? Are you all right? Are you okay? And it, it does, these things do bring sometimes the worst outta people.


Yeah. But often the best outta people. And I was remembering, we, You know, the last time we did our outdoor chumps podcast was from Sonas Backyard in Altadena, which is a really nice memory. And what I remember most is what a great time we had. But also that your neighbors came by. Yeah. You had neighbors coming by to say hi Austins. Yeah. And, and it, there's a vibrant community there that I I think is resilient and can come back. Yeah. I mean that's, it's easy for me to say, but I, I do think there's, I think there's such a will to bring that city back.


It's not just a faceless city. Yeah. You've seen so many people talk about how much they love Altadena and I think that they are the city. So the houses may be gone, but they'll bring them back and they'll keep the city when now I heard you lost your house. I just felt like desperate to do something for you. Yeah. It's so hard to know how much to offer to people in this situation because you feel some, they must be bombarded with this. Are they being overloaded? But anything you would ever need, I think people, all your friends would be desperate to help you guys in any way. You know, You know what? I am an, we we're really lucky. We, our family is here.


They're all in la We had no shortage of places to go. Which is very, we're very fortunate for that. There's a lot of people who don't have anything and don't have any connections. And I think before people think about sending stuff to us, I think you should definitely look into people who really need it. Like, I, the boys have more underwear than they've ever had before. They've had, they have more socks. I can't stress how many toys they have now. They, I think they just think that that's their life now. Every day a package comes and there's more toys and they're just like, this is the best. We're living at Yaya's house. They're like just eating. She's feeding them constantly.


They're eating, they're having more screen time and watching more TV than they ever have before. Like, so they're, they're happy We're, we're happy if they're happy. So we're, we're okay. I mean, is there, I mean, that's the other thing too, is we could find out and plug it in. But if there's a, a charity or there's a place that makes sense. One Thing I've found that's been very helpful is there's a database of the least funded GoFundMe for individual families. Yes. Yes. And so you can find The people that need My wife, my wife has been onto this and I shut it down. 'cause I, You know, I was like, I was thinking of taking up golf and I wanna buy those golf. No.


Oh My God. I like a guy who doesn't Even your certain colors are showing. I wonder how whatcha are you doing? Are you donating money to people that really need it? I set the clock The minute this happened. Like how soon Till it's possible I could one day play golf at which time clubs would need to be procured. No, she, she found that and it's amazing. It, it's amazing. It's easily findable, I Think. Yeah. Well obviously it can get sensitive. What's the right, where's the right place to, to give money If you can give money or to donate and we need to be sensitive about that. We will do research. We'll maybe in the links that connect to this episode, give some suggestions.


But there are so many different ways. Uhoh what happened? The links that connect to this episode. It's just, It's Cute. It's cute. It's, it's just in, it's gonna be in the summary of the episode. It's also links are connections to the episodes. So just, It's okay. It's okay. It's not your fault. It's fine. It's, it's not your fault. This is a different episode. Yeah, it's okay. It's, it's Fine. We should have given you a script. Anytime links are mentioned, we should just tell you exactly how to say it. And that's on us. I think the burn I just suffered. Oh my God. Is every bit as bad. Oh, well there'll be a, as the one that attacked your home, There'll be links connected to the, this episode to donate to Conan If you wanna, I I think now after the way I was just attacked for, okay, maybe am I fluent in this new techno world?


No. Of the last 40 years. Maybe not Techno world, but I've now been humiliated and I feel I deserve compensation. You have a GoFundMe. I have a GoFundMe me to help me go to O'Brien recover from this dastardly blow. I know. The minute I start talking, why do I, why didn't I, what am I gonna learn? Let you do it or let you do it? Because when I try and do it, it's, you Are doing a really great job until You're talking to me like something like I damaged. You're doing So good. Look at you we're, and then we threw the word link in there and that there's just got you all frazzled.


That's okay. When this episode comes through through your machine. Oh no. And you're tuning it to get the right frequency, look for a linkage. Just try this charity links in the show notes, Charity links in the show notes. Yeah. Yeah. But here's, I know you and it's the right thing to do. You're gonna keep all of my blundering and stumbling in there. You're not gonna edit it. So I look good. And I applaud you for that. 'cause it's gonna make a lot of people very happy. That's what Keeps this show on top. And can I say something? I cannot tell you how many people go, are you really that bad? And I say it's not a bit, I honestly don't know how this wor this world works. They, that is a common thing people say to me is, no, no, just, just tell me something.


Is that they wanna know if Jordan Schlansky's real. And I go, yeah, he really is. And they go. And when you talk about like tech stuff, are you really that bad? I may be the most like, regressed technological person on a podcast, which is fairly technically Advanced. Right. Well that's why I've surrounded myself with people who know. I love that your son is very so fluent in it and it's almost like God played a joke on you. Yeah. Yeah. And he's, my son is very gifted at these things and I, he enjoys it so much when I'm trying to do something I do become, it is Zoolander where they're looking at the computer and he just enjoys it.


And he won't jump in and go Here, I'll do it. He'll go. So what you're trying to do there? Well, I'm trying to see if I can clear this screen. Yeah. So is that why you're hitting the, the plastic part? The cover? Just tell me what to do. No, no, no. You'll why don't you tell me what it is you're trying to do. Oh, so he just tortures me. Oh man. He's a genius at it. He's good. He's learned the best God. Yeah. There is. God gave him a wonderfully foolish father for him to enjoy. Yeah. And but is your, is your, your greater family. I mean then we talk about this a lot and we joke about it a lot, how connected you are to your family and your mom and dad every, but it's also this great gift right now.


Yeah. That, that you have these people in your life that they're so close. You know, I've been living so far away from my family for so long. Yeah. That your family is unit is there. It Is there. It's also, look, I love, I love my parents, but the moment I step into that house, I'm a 16-year-old angsty teenager. And this time I'm coming with like my kids and my husband. But I'm still like, you regress everything my mom says. I'm like, ugh. And I've been there for only like, what, like four days we've been there and I'm just like, oh, I can't, I can't with she's cooking a meal for us from scratch.


Right. You know, and I'm just kind of like, mom, you're just, You don't get it Mom. It's so much of me just being a kid again. You Become a brat kind of. Yeah. I have, I become an asshole a little bit. And I think that that's not healthy for anybody. So I don't know how long we're gonna last. My mom, Dad, when am I allowed And, and I will respect this. Oh no. But when am I allowed to start making jokes about your dad's mustache? Oh God. I'm just curious. I mean, and I will respect If you say it's gonna be three months or four months and I love your dad. I love Gail. I almost, This is your opportunity to say like 10 years. I know. But One when we were like texting a part of me was like, well my dad, You know my dad can build a house 'cause he's good with wood 'cause he's, he carved my car, he carved my car. He Carved your, your brother.


'cause he wanted a boy, a real boy. And then he became real. You're sick. Why do I indulge you? No, but I don't, what's Wrong with me? I Thought it's like don't do it. My true sickness is getting other people to start to do the bit themselves. Yeah. About them. I know that's my true evil power. It's like Comedic Stockholm syndrome. Yeah. Yes. But You, You know, there, You know, you don't, even if I said, oh You know what, I'd rather you just did it. Yeah. I think you would last. Right. But your father's mustache wasn't damaged. Okay. You know what? I think we gotta wrap it up. We gotta wrap it up. It's his mustache insured.


I, I don't know it's wrong. I don't know. It's just a mustache. Do you realize how happy I'd be if he shaved off half of it and went around saying I lost half in the fire. I want 20% off and just put a little smudge there. No, you can't get the Discount. Why not? Because he Didn't lose it. They just Inconvenience. They dunno that they see a guy come in with half a mustache. What do they know? Who's gonna challenge that? I challenge you. That looks freshly shaved. Not singed. I don't think anyone challenges that. Look, maybe I've gone too far. It's possible that I am doing the exact wrong thing at this moment and that I'll pay for it.


Yeah. Yeah. Terribly. But I'm just glad he's okay. Oh, Thanks. Thanks so much for your concern. You're so nice. The Gift. Yes. How's tax specifically tack? Is Tacks fine? I don't know if it's this like stoic Soviet thing, but he's like, all right, we gotta fill this out. We gotta do like he's, he's sad about his guitars. He lost all his guitars but one of his friends ga gave him one, which is really nice. But You know, he, he's like worried about his random, he's like worried about his kettlebell that he got for Christmas and he's like, God, I hope I find my kettlebell in the rubble. And I'm like, your kettlebell, we could just go get that right now.


We could just go buy It. And Am I not wrong? A kettlebell is the most likely to survive a fire. Yeah. Yeah. That's just cast iron. Right. That's why he's like, kettlebell probably Survived. I hope my fireplace and iron survived. Yeah. My anvil. I hope my bowling ball survived. My god bless. Solid. Yeah. God bless. Well You know what? I think he is, I mean he's an incredibly cool guy. Attacks. He's, He's very chill. He's very chill and he is very cool. And I love him. I admire him. And I think he's a good partner to have in a situation like this. He is, he's very worried about me and the boys and how we're feeling. And he's very sweet and You know, oakeys fine too.


I know people were probably wondering, she's fine too. She's also like really happy. 'cause my dad feeds her a lot of like people food. He'll make a whole meal just for Okie. And so she's like, just lounging. The boys are loing. Your dog Is having baked Alaska sushi. Yeah. Sushi. Anyway. He's incredible. Yeah. Cordon blue chicken. Cordon blue. Oh my God. So yeah, tak is, tak is Taks really. He's the, he's such a great person. He's such an incredible father and husband and he's been really good. So yeah, we're very lucky. We're very lucky. We're, I told girls this, I was like, we're the luckiest, unlucky people.


'cause we Right. We have others we can turn to when we need to. So we're lucky. Lucky. But The way you've handled the aftermath too, with just such humor and a plum and, and honesty too with how you're feeling. It's amazing. You're, you're amazing. So, Oh, well thank you. You're okay. I do think I, I know there's gonna be a point where I have to go like see someone. Yeah. Because I think I legit, every time I hear wind I like tense up and it, it's really nervewracking. Yeah. There's no way, I mean, so many people are gonna have some form of PTSD or whatever you, however you wanna classify it from this. Yeah. And so it is, as You know, I'm a huge proponent of, of it. And I, I don't necessarily come from a people that are, were believers in talk therapy.


Hmm. But, and I think Freud famously said, the only people who are immune to psychotherapy are the Irish. But I, but I do think it's hugely helpful. Yeah. And it would be good for you. And also talk to us about it. Yeah. You know, I mean we, we are, we are a people. We we're, we're in yell therapy I think Armenians my, my people. But we let it all out. We're very much That's very good. Getting it out. And, and I'm lucky I have a lot of friends who I just, I, You know, we'll talk to them or text them and I'll just tell 'em exactly how I feel. And it's nice to have that comfort to be able to talk to people openly about it.


'cause Yeah, it is, this is probably, and it's also good, but this is probably, this is the hardest thing I've ever gone through. Yep. And if this is the hardest thing I've ever gone through, then I've been lucky. Yeah. 'cause it's, it's a, You know, I can rebuild, but other people have gone through so much worse. So I am, I'm lucky in that sense. Yeah. Well, I, I'll say this, I have found today to be cathartic for me because I've been thinking about you a lot, Sona. And on a selfish level, I thought, I really want to get into a room with Sona.


We've texted, we've talked on the phone, but I didn't see you until today and I've just wanted you, I've wanted to be in a room with you and talk to you. And so this was weirdly, even though you're the one who's really been affected much more, a million times more than I was, billion times more. This was really special for me to get to talk to you and tell you face to face that I love you. Whatever you need, we'll all get you through this. And we are a family and I'm including, oh God, goly.


Don't do it. I'm gonna do it. Adam, Eduardo bla We are a family. Yeah. And also everyone who works here. And we, there was such a lovely outpouring and I'm not gonna online of, of people fans reaching out to wonder how we were doing that was just bold me over. We are blessed. We're blessed a million times over with so many fans. So many people are rooting for you, Sona, and thinking about you. Sweet. And you are gonna get through this with flying colors. And I am going to gradually work my way back into mocking and harassing you.


It's gonna take a long time. It's not, it's Begun. It's not, it's not gonna take A long time. You know what? I just, I, no, I mean, when I've seen a long time, I mean like many hours. Oh Yeah. That's what I figured. That's I knew, I knew, I knew you were saying It the last hour doing It. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I was gonna say, is there really evidence? Oh, right. We do record these. I can I, yeah. Yeah. Can I just say also, I'm really, really happy to come back to work. 'cause I think this podcast has gotten me through, it's gotten me through covid. It's gotten me through fertility treatments and it's gonna get me through this. And I, I, I love being in this room and, and talking with you guys and just, I love my, my job and I'm very lucky that I get to have it.


So please don't fire me. Well, you're really on the line. Yeah. You saved it today. You're, you can you, you're not fired today, but Oh God, There's this very expensive electric bike I'm thinking of getting with company funds. Come on. And that would mean there's no room for you. Do I need this bike? No, but I kind of like it Because it's a shade of cocoa that I find kind like it. I don't know what's wrong with me, but love you. We're back. Love you too. We're gonna continue to make our foolishness and update you on, on, I mean, what is, this is we'll update you on Yeah.


Keep everyone listening and, and how, how this process unfolds for you. And You know, we we're thinking not just of you Sona, but everyone out there who's been affected by this and, and to all the really incredible people who from all over the world that have reached out and been so lovely to us. We are blessed people Yeah. And the firefighters. Yeah. I mean It's unbelievable. And our, our own Sarah Vic who works here Yeah. Has been, has been working for me for, I I wanna say close to 30 years, if not 30 years.


Her husband Brad help out there fighting these fires. And so yeah. Enough cannot be said about, we have a screwy value system in our country where it's like, look, there's a celebrity and never has it looked more stupid our value system than right now than when you see these people that really do put themselves in harm's way to save people's homes, save people's lives. It's absolutely incredible. Yep. But boy, I can't wait till we get back to revering hate Swift. Oh God. Look a podcaster.


He's the true hero. You got that right buddy. Anyway, everybody out there, stay safe and thank you again for all of your good wishes and positive energy. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes, incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aren Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns.


Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Conn. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Cocoa Hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash Conan.


And If you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded.