
Sure. We got blue jeans, baseball, bald eagles. But come on, there's really nothing as American as the burger, right? Mm. And there's nothing more burger than the Sonic Smasher. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, this thing is made to order. Hand smashed Angus beef patties seared to perfection with those incredible crispy edges that make you want to start a slow clap. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. That kind of slow clap where you're like, yeah. Sonic, you brought the Sonic Smasher. Then there's the layered melty cheese. Crinkle cut pickles and onions too. On top of it all. Oh my mind splitting. Try the Sonic Smasher is a double. Or why not? God forgive us all A triple. Make the Sonic Smasher your next new favorite burger. Live Free Eat Sonic.


Three couples, four vacations. A lot to unpack. Watch the Four Seasons, a new series starring our comedy favorites. Tina Fey, Steve Corll, Coleman Domingo Will Forte and more in a hilarious and heartfelt love letter to long-term relationships based on the original Alan Alda film. Watch the Four Seasons streaming now only on Netflix.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hey, Conan O'Brien here and we are doing something a little different today. My Max Travel series is back and the first episode, this is the second season. First episode drops. That's what the kids say on May 8th. We're taping this in 1978, and I haven't even started high school yet. Sitting in with us is a special guest. He's been with me many, many years and he has been with me on every single travel show.


And his name is Mike Sweeney. Mike, Hi Conan. Good to see you. Hi Sona. Hi Matt. Hi Mike. And I will point out you are a fan fave. They do like it when Mike Sweeney Grace is our presence. It's The first time hearing that I just room fave, room fave. I like being a room fave. Yeah. I went a little crazy on fan fave went nuts. And I have to say, we started out many, many, many years ago, and in my early iterations of the travel shows, you were always with me. And then it just became you were my right hand guy on those shows and all the different iterations, Kona Without Borders Come without borders.


All we did, how many of those did we do? 13. 13 countries. And then we started doing these for Max and they were called and are called Colonel O'Brien Must Go. And we did four last year and we have the second season dropping. It starts today. Yes. And let's just talk about Spain, because Spain is the first show. Correct? This is not a police interview. You should Continue, Continue. You're being recorded. I don't Recall. I don't recall. You still don't want your attorney with you. Okay, go ahead. Spain.


Spain. We went to Spain. We went to a Madrid. And that episode drops Today we have a, a special guest star on that episode. And I'm just gonna say it, it's Javier Barden. Yes, Man. And I thought it was me. Yeah. It was Javier Bar down. No, I disappointed. It's Javier Bar Down. Sorry. Now there are two other writer producers who were unable to join us for this session. And when I say unable, I didn't invite them. Right. Probably 'cause of the 10 minutes notice before we record. Exactly. Yeah. We just decided to Do this. Right. Oh my God. It drops today. Okay, Sweetie. Here, let's get him in. Guys. What's Up? Jose Arroyo and Jesse Gaskell, who are brilliant writers, hilarious and funny, and helped put this whole thing together.


Invaluable. They're not with us today, but I think you can fill the bill. They were extra invaluable in Spain. Yes. Because well, Jose grew up in Spain and, and Jesse grew up all over the world and is very fluent in Spanish as well. So Yeah. Very helpful. And of course, I too were And You were have a knack for Spanish. Yeah. Have a knack. He's good at it. You, you, yes, you have. You can get your way too. I heard him. I think sometimes he talks, you talk, you speak very quickly. Oh, you have to speak Very quickly If you need to go to a library. Yeah. Or Excuse me, LIO. Right. Or you want to order an apple at a restaurant. Coen is your guy. Or an apple.


And catch up. It's Una It depends. I like a male app, a Male app, masculine app. The only kind of apple I'll bite into a Big meaty stem. Yeah. Gimme that. So, oh My God. Please stop. But I, let's talk about, let's talk about the, the Spain episode. This is something that people are gonna be able to watch. It's, I know we'll talk about it eventually. Well, we're gonna get into it right now. Jesus. What a d What I, I'm a fan. Fave. I can do whatever I want. You should Dw Dickes. You should Not have told me I was a fan. Fave. That was, I made it up. Mistake to try and grease the skids.


All right. I'll go back to my regular stuff. Go ahead. Spain. Yes. Madrid. We, I, I thought this was a, a wonderful trip. I had never been to Madrid before. And we went, of course, the premise of the show is people call in from around the world, they zoom in, I chat with them. You can hear those during the week. Those drop on the Con O'Brien needs a fan episodes. Right. But we had, we noticed that we had a couple of fans in Madrid. Yes. And we decided to go and visit them and get involved in their lives. And we have Three fans in this episode, which Is One more than usual because they were, they were all great.


I'm gonna Say four. 'cause I think Javier, Well, Javier Is a big fan. Oh. And can I tell you something about Javier or Javier is that he, we were so worried. He's a huge star. Yes. And he's always been lovely when he's come on the show, when he's come on the podcast, he's, I, I adore this guy and he's universally beloved for his talent and his incredible looks and his magnetism and his machismo. But so I was concerned about, oh my God, You know, I, I fuck around during these shows. Yes. I gotta kind of keep it together. I don't wanna waste his time.


And I kept saying to Javier, okay, we've done a, we've done one or two things If you need to get going. And he was like, nonsense, Conan. Yes. We must continue Onward. There's more to do. That's amazing. And he had this, like, he had this Zorba like energy Yes. To keep doing more. And man, did he dive in? He's he's the star of the show. He's great. Unbelievable. The whole week we, we'd check back in with him and be like, 'cause he's, he thought TV TV's great. What a medium. But he's a movie star. Yes. So we were, He was like, what a medium. It was like kindling, plutonium. We were like, oh my God. And, and so when we were, When we were a TV star, we will, we will waste their goddamn time.


My God. Like you wouldn't believe. I don't care. I don't care what tear you're on in television, it doesn't matter. I will cover you in caramel. Yes. I'll, I'll waste weeks of your time. But if you've made it in the movie biz Films in film, no. Cinema. I am, If you I respect that. Cinema. Cinema And bilingual. Yeah. He's the master of the Spanish cinema as well as now the English language. So he, we'd be like, are you sure? Because also it was physically demanding the things. And we were going to shoot with Javier bar. Oh yeah. And he was like, can't wait to see this. He finally just was like, listen, I am yours for the day. Yeah. I will go start.


And we started at 7:00 AM Yeah. 7:00 AM We met him with the pro, The Prodo Museum. Prodo Museum. They would only let us in before they opened their doors. So, and right through till the evening, He was, he's my hero our Last day there too. Love That guy. Amazing. I have to say, one of the highlights for me was, we're in the prodo and we're taking the escalator down onto the next shoot. And his cell phone rings and he looks down and he's getting a FaceTime message from his beautiful wife. Oh no. Penelope. Penelope. And he's like, oh, hello my love. And she's like, hello? And I am standing next to him on an escalator. And I was like, ha. He's like, I'm with Conan. He said, I'm with Conan. And she goes like, oh, hello. And I this I'm Micah.


Hi. And talk about, well, They have kids. So it wasn't a big deal. No, I she's, I mean, even on a iPhone, FaceTime, she's the most beautiful woman Yes. In the world. The phone had this glow that I don't think iPhones are supposed to have. Only when Penelope's and I, so that made me more nervous about wasting his time. Yes. Because he could choose. Right. Well actually no, Penelope was outta the country to Hong Kong. I accused him of, I said, I thought Penelope was gonna be here. And he said, oh, she had to be outta the country. And I said, admit it. Admit it. She's Right down the block. Admit it. She quote, had to be out of the country when you told her you'd be with Conan O'Brien for the day.


Because I believe what happened. But no, there, there he Was more than enough though. Good guy for me. Yeah. No, he Was, take it easy. Me too. It was incredible. And, but also, it wasn't all about Javier Madrid was spectacular. And I have to say, I, I always play in the back of my head with where could I live as a game I play, where could I live? And Madrid did seem like a city that I could live in. It's a cool city. Not that, that they would welcome me, but I thought, oh, this, the, the architecture is beautiful.


The food is fantastic. The people are very warm. I kind of know the language enough to get to the Biblioteca. And, and I, so I was, I I came away very impressed with Madrid. That's, and we have a lot of silliness in the show. A Lot of silliness, a lot of silliness. Three fans. They were, they were all great. And I, again, I'm sticking to my credo, which is I know there were a lot of travel shows out there. I do not want to educate anybody in any way. In fact, Success. I want you to know less about the country afterwards. Yes. All I care about is If you laugh. Yes. And I think I, I I I, I'd like to think we did that this season.


Yeah. Yes. Is really fun episode. Yeah. If You have preexisting knowledge of Madrid, it will be gone after you watch the show. That's powerful. This is like a protein that eats away at the brain. I have a question as an outsider. Yes. How much stuff, like the ratio of what you shoot, 'cause a lot of it is found in the moment and improvised. Do you guys end up distilling down and using like, what's the racial? Well, to be fair, and hats off to Mike Sweeney and Jose Arroyo and Jesse Gaskell do a lot of research. And then we have meetings where they'll talk about we can go here, we can go there. Different, first of all, there's the fans and what we're gonna do with them. But there's a lot of stuff we think up beforehand that they think up beforehand.


And we have talks about it. So the best shows are the ones where we're, we're always going in with a plan, and then we're keeping our eyes open for little silly folder all along the way that we're gonna find. Right. But there's no way you could improvise this and go from location to location to location and have it work out. It would never happen in a million years. So the work that Mike and Jose and Jesse do is invaluable. They're creating this sort of a script without an order. 'cause we don't know what the order's gonna be until we get into editing, but there's, they do a lot of footwork before we go to the country. And then Jason Schlei is, Well, Jason finds our local fixers.


Jason, every country Since Jason find the beginning. Jason finds, yeah. Since the, I mean, since the very beginning, Jason started as an intern on the late night show. And here it is. I mean, this is shortly after the end of the Civil war. And he, we hired him via Telegraph. And he still, And he produces everything in the field. Everything on the ground. And it's a, my favorite, one of my favorite things is when we zero in on potential countries. So he'll call, You know, Spain, he'll call the fixers there and he'll talk to two or three fixers The people that arrange Producers, people how he, he, there's a registry of wow television produ or he'll get recommendations.


I see. And he has this, I always like talking to him. 'cause he has this un airing sense of it. And he's like, I talked to three people. I got a really good sense. I have really good feeling about the second one. Yes. And he's always, they're always great. Wow. Yeah.


You know me, Sona, sometimes I like to get away from the hustle and bustle of the podcast, the television show for Max my rock and roll concerts. Oh. Why my, my modeling gigs. I like to just disappear, get away for the weekend. And You know what, when I do, I like to think, Hey, maybe I could host on Airbnb my place. Yeah, I think you could. And then I think Yeah. But it's just covered in pictures of me. It really is. There's a lot of pictures Of you giant paintings of me with various Bassett hounds I never owned. But you Yeah. You do this all the time. I do. And I'm actually planning a camping trip to Kern River, and I am going to put my place on Airbnb while I'm gone so I can make a little extra money. And guess what? I just got a sweet new blender so people staying at my place can use that blender. That's nice. Yeah. People looking for, I bet a lot of people are saying, well, I, yeah. I, I don't care what kind of place I'm in, as long as it has a blender. Oh. It's A, it's an amazing blender for anybody who wants to stay at my place and I can make a little extra money while I'm out under the stars. It just makes so much sense in these modern times. It does. Just think about it. If you host while you're traveling, it's a great way to offset some of the cost of your own trip. Yeah. Your home might be worth more than you think. Find out how much at Airbnb dot com slash host.


Let's talk about a word that gets thrown around a lot. Hmm. Gringo. Yeah. Okay. Now, first off, gringo is not about where you're from or what you look like. It's not a dis it's a diagnosis. Hmm. It means you're doing it wrong. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Grand Centenario the number one tequila in Mexico. Well, I'm getting a thumbs up from Eduardo that I said it. Right. That's a hell of an endorsement. Since Mexicans know tequila, best handcrafted in Jalisco family owned and was centuries of heritage. No gimmicks, just smooth, rich tequila made the real way. And it's Mexico's number one tequila, not number two, not number dose or numeral dose. Not pretty good. Number one, UNO thedo is so good aged in oak barrels. And it's so smooth. Not burn your soul. On the way down, strong warm notes of agave toasted almonds and dignity. My favorite flavor, dignity. Hey waiter, this could soup could use a little more dignity. So next time you're reaching for tequila, skip the gringo stuff. Try a grand Ari Reposado the Tequila Mexico drinks.


This is an ad for the active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. And You know what? That's a mouthful. Yeah. It's, it's a lot to say, but I did it. It's a lot of word. You know what, it's a mouthful because it packs a lot in. Mm. You can earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases with it big or small. So whether it's buying tickets to the game with your mom or grabbing a coffee with your dog, my dog doesn't drink coffee. Earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases made with it. Learn more at wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply.


If you work as a manufacturing facilities engineer, installing a new piece of equipment can be as complex as the machinery itself from prep work to alignment and testing. It's your team's job to put it all together. That's why it's good to have Grainger on your side with industrial grade products and next day delivery. Grainger helps ensure you have everything you need close at hand through every step of the installation. Call one 800 Grainger, click Grainger dot com or just stop by Grainger for the ones who get it done.


So when you have someone like bar in there, you're saying like, you don't wanna waste his time. Right. But he's so fun loving. Do you find yourself going like, let's just mess with this off the cuff or More? Oh yes. There. He's such a funny improviser. I mean, you could tell when he was here on the podcast. Yeah. So there's stuff in the park. There's tons of improvising. There's improvising where I'm, You know, I came up through improv and I'm improvising with this guy who's as good an improviser as anyone I've worked with. He's amazing. We mirror amazing. There's a scene where we're mirroring each other, like taking little mini cues off each other to act who can be the stupidest and he'll never work in this town again.


This thing and a quick shout out too, because he's there for all of these. Islay bla of course bla comes along and does a heroic job on all of the social media stuff. Yes. Well, give us, give us your take Blay on, on Madrid. Heroic is very kind. Thank you. No, I know. I, I just said it heroic. Oh, okay. The minute I said it, I knew it was a mistake. Yeah, Exactly. Madrid was what a wonderful town. And, and everyone was so nice. And I, I think that it had such a cool vibe, which was really great. Bar de was, couldn't have been more down to earth and generous. Like he was hanging out and knew all the crew members' names, which would just hang out. Which I don't, first of all, frankly, I don't know your names.


Right. That's, you're all wearing name tags. He did My laundry. I brought his laundry. I missed the drop at the hotel. Yeah. And he, I was like, You know, you kind of live in the town. I assume you have a washer dryer. Amazing guy in the episode, you can see it. But Javier takes me to the oldest restaurant in the world, the oldest restaurant in Botin Co Botin, which is, and and it's been in continuous since 1720. Wall seven. The, the, the oven has been stayed lit Right. For, since it was opened, what, in like the 70 hundreds. Yeah. And that's, and go Goya used to wash dishes there, Goya washed dishes there. And Hemingway Had his own corner that he used to go and, and hang out there, which is geez. But the idea that the oven has been on since 17, Even during Covid, they went in specifically to keep it going.


Really? Was the food good that kept Covid kept going. Covid had just about died out the worldwide 17 25 7 Die off by two years, 1725. And the, the food is very good. They're famous for their suckling pig, which, and so there's an actual room where they're mass cooking suckling pigs and they're all up on these little plates all around. Whoa. This room where they get re they kind of heat them up again right before they go out. So It's, I I, I have to say that that Room was amazing. One Of the things that drives these episodes of the, of the fans. And we are blessed that this goes for people I meet on the street all the time, but our fan base, they're routinely very nice people who are also funny and smart and natural improvisers.


That seems to be our fan base. Which is a lucky thing because all the fans in Yes. In Spain are very funny and they've got good ideas and they're great at Yes. And they are, yes. The rules of improv. And that goes for these travel shows. They're just, they're really fueled by I'm interested in people and I, I like to talk to funny people and we have this constant stream of funny fans. Yeah. They're all very charming. Yeah. Well, You know, a lot of the leg work's done when you talk to your fans here on the podcast. So we all get a really good, I mean, You know, like in Spain, Bruno, the airplane pilot, do you remember him?


Yeah, I remember Bruno. See, well, so then it's kind of like, duh, let's go visit PTO Wast he like really dashing yourself. Yes. He was such a handsome pilot. Yes. Yeah. Well, guess what? I'm his co-pilot. No, actually he's my co-pilot. He's your co-pilot. I outrank him because you're in the captain seat. I I, we made up a uniform that has one more stripe than him. Literally just put an extra stripe on mine so I could order him around. But he and I, I've, I'm flying, I'm in the cockpit with him and it's, it's, he's terrific. He's great. He was unflappable. Yeah. He, he, he was a good advertisement for, for him as a pilot. He was very large and in charge. Yeah.


If he Can handle me in the cockpit, You know, he can handle and he, he did low pressure system that suddenly arises. I, I have to say one thing, which is, I, I think as a fan, my favorite thing about Conan O'Brien Musco is it really feels like you've tied together the whole spectrum of your career from like, doing things at late night that are just absurd and silly and ridiculous and really fun all the way through the podcast, meeting fans and, and, and actually having some really great conversations with 'em that, that are very funny but also very meaningful. It's cool. Especially I love seeing the first time you surprise them and they're always like, and they then always kind of come in for a big hug. So it's just, it's really cool. It really feels like you're, you're kind of tying all these things together.


Did you say you're a fan? Yeah, I, I was. You said I as a fan. Okay. I'm fan. That's A, there's a photo by the way. I don Dunno if I ever told You If you tried to get on the show. I No. Yes, I would love to. But there's a photo of me in my dorm room two years before I started interning for you of and you are on the tv. Oh, you're kidding. Which Is really cool. I haven't seen that. Yeah. Yeah. It's really, I've kept it from you. But yeah, it's really cool. The, the fun thing is that we go to these, we'll be in another country and I mean, I think this season and it's, I'm not giving anything away 'cause I think it's in the official trailer that's, that's out there. But in the Austria show, a woman comes up to me on the street and she's talking about how she's a fan of the podcast and a fan of the different clips.


And, and then she's, she's from Kazakhstan. Right. And then I start chatting with her and then she says, well anyway, I have to go. It's a really funny moment. This Is after she's been polite for a while. Yes. She's been polite for a while. It's just, but it's so Excited. What I love initial excitement. Oh my god. Initial excitement and me wanting to talk and talk and talk. And her saying, I've gotta go. And I just turn to Cameron and go, when, when your fan and Kazakhstan wraps things up, you, You know, it's time to end things. And I like when those moments come out because they're very, You know Yeah. My wife is always with me when people will stop me to chat with me.


Yes. And I'll chat with them and then I'm giving them career advice and then she can tell. Yeah. They Need to go like, okay, alright Conan, thank you. Well, where are we going now? But, and it goes back to what you're saying too, just talking about that moment on the street, but also with Javier Bar Dem. Yes. We'll do all this research and like, okay, you're gonna go to Bine and, and have a meal with him and, but then you really take it from there and improvise. Yeah. Within each segment. So much of it is improvised. There's, It's a mix. I would say it's a mix of, it's like any kind of, I mean If you, I know this is using a sports analogy is, is for me ridiculous.


But I do think the closest thing it it's akin to is you have a play in mind in football. You execute it and sometimes it falls apart and you have to do something else in the se in a moment. And sometimes that ends up being fantastic, sometimes it doesn't. Luckily we have an edit room and we have great editors, But I also think I've said it many before, but just from having a late night talk show where you worked in six minutes segments, I, I think and, and shot tons and tons of remotes out on the street. You bring all that when every one of these situations you go into it going, alright, I'm having, having dinner with Javier Barda in this restaurant.


This will probably be a five, six minute piece. And your brain, you just know, you're like also directing it at kind of as you go. And, and we're all looking for a dismount. Yeah. But, but you're, you are as well. And yeah, we always try to think of, oh, what's, what's the out, This always reminds me of the time, one of the very earliest things that we did was when we went to Finland Right. And we decided to go way up north up towards the Arctic circle. So Sweeney and I are up in the Arctic Circle, and we found this guy that just basically, there was a reindeer herd near, nearby. And I think he was the Sammy in the, he Was the indigenous, indigenous Sammy's.


The Sammy's there. It's the in indigenous peoples. And I remembered you sat, you stood me next to this guy who I don't think spoke English. And you said, okay. And action. And I remembered, I looked around and there wasn't a tree for maybe 600 yards. And there was a, and there's ice on the ground. And I'm standing next to this, this sammy, this in indigenous Travis person who's, who's, who's doesn't Herd herd's reindeer. Yeah. Herd's reindeer for a living. And, and I turned to Sweeney and I said, you've put me in the perfect comedy vacuum Tundra's funny.


Yeah. We're in a tundra. There is. You know, so yes, there are times where you're with, there are times where you're with Javier Barde and you are, it's just you. If you move a muscle, he's gonna do something really funny and he is gonna add in enrich. And it's just fantastic. And then there are other times where I've been placed literally on an ice flow. And it's like punching yourself out of a, we put you in a bag with, with wild dogs and cats and threw you in a river. Yeah. Action. Action. And go. I'll never forget that. I, I can still feel, I can feel the comedic solitude to this day.


Anyway. This is gonna be out May 8th. That's when the first episode drops and there'll be three of them and we're happy with it. And yes, that's, that's about, as I swear to God, that's, that's Our highest praise That, that's the ringing Endorsement for me. I'm The host. I can't go any that for me is a ring endorsement. Can I say, And a low ball, can I say I, I watched it and as somebody who was not really involved In making and not a fan of Conan and Not a fan of yours at all. And You know, we have these staff screenings. It, everybody was just laughing. It's a really, really funny show. It's great. And I love it. And I did learn something about Spain. Paid employees, loved it. Also, Also, it's one of my favorite jokes ever, which is outside of the, the Museum of Ham.


Okay. Which is, You need to watch Boo. It's my favorite joke. Okay. So Please watch everybody for that joke. I can't wait to, Now you got me mad. All right. That's all we got. Matt. Mike Sweeney, thank you for ING Fan favorite. My pleasure. Con mine must go and check it out. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer, Aren Blair, associate talent producer, Jennifer Samples, associate producers, Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan.


Please rate review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wherever fine podcasts are down,


Know what tomorrow is. It's that day you do something monumental or seemingly inconsequential. Start a new job, leave an old one, a big date or a small gathering drinks with a new someone or simply dis strut past an old flame. So celebrate in style, step out and stack on flash. A look of bold 14 karat gold layer that fit with the solitaire diamond drip. Whatever the reason Jared Jewelers has the perfect on-trend way to show the world. You did it. So tomorrow you be the one who went to Jared.


You know, one of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. Do You know what I mean? Yeah. It's ridiculous. It's crazy. Yeah. It's like, Hey Santa Claus, get your bathing suit over here. Oh my God. Hey, he doesn't need a bathing suit. He is up at the North Pole. What did I waste my time for? And he is got elves. Exactly. They can make it. Okay. You're ruining the point I was trying to make. Yes. No. One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. Fortunately, LinkedIn is a network of over 1 billion businessy people who might actually be interested in your business. You can target your buyers by job title, industry, company roles, seniority skills, or company revenue. So stop wasting budget on the wrong audience and start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will give you a hundred dollars credit on your next campaign so you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco, that's LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco terms and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.