
Sonic's, new sweet topped lemonades are redefining refreshment with a multi-layer experience that will change the way you think about lemonade. Mm. That may seem like a highfalutin promise about lemonade, but no, it is not. It is a multi-layer experie tart all natural lemonade and velvety smooth cold foam for an invigorating, satisfying sip. Each sip layers and layers of sensations, try now in blueberry, lavender, strawberry, or a classic I thought, man, when life gives you lemons, you make lemonade. Life gave these guys lemonade and they made a multilayer experience. It's my car is an oven degrees out. But Sonic sweet top lemonades are cooling things down with blueberry, lavender, and strawberry. It's a sweet little cold front coming in courtesy of Sonic Tri Sonic Sweet Top, lemonades, lip free. It's Sonic.


Sona, wouldn't you say that life is full of personal wins? I would Conan. Thanks, Sona. Whether it's cleaning your house, getting that dream car, or checking off your to do list, winning at life is a great feeling. I'm pretty good at winning at life, aren't I? Sona? Are Are you Okay? Keep moving. State Farm helps you win by helping you create an affordable price just for you. Doesn't that sound like a win, Sona? That I like An affordable price just for Me. Yes, you do. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on ratings, Plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer. Availability Amounts of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state. That's my low voice.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hey, Conan O'Brien here. And this is our third podcast episode about my Max series Conan O'Brien. Must go. This is the third, because today our third episode of Conan O'Brien must Go drops. And this one may be a personal favorite of mine. It is Austria, and it is jam packed with foolishness, inanity, and insanity.


I am, I'm a man who's never been afraid to put on a fake mustache or beard. You'll be seeing plenty of that in this episode later person. Yeah, I am. I am very happy with this episode, and it was a little bit of a strange one. Yes, for circumstances I will explain, but first I'd like to tell you who's here with me. It's my team, my squad, my my girl squad who helps me with all of these episodes, the nuclear core behind all the travel shows. Going back to Conan Without Borders on TBS and, and now the Max Show.


You got Mike Sweeney. Hello, Mike. Hello Conan. And you also have Jessie Gaskell. Hello, Jesse. Hi Conan. Thanks for having us. And of course, Jose Arro. Hey. Hi, Conan. And this is Austria. That's the episode The Reich. And this one was a little bit strange because, not to get too heavy, but I just think it's worth, You know, noting how we did it, which is quite unusual. We went to Austria, late November, I got the call about hosting the Oscars. I said, yes, I would like to do that.


And then we asked Nina Rosenstein at max, at max, is it okay if we do that? And she said, yes, we're, we're thrilled with you doing the Oscars, but we, we, we do need you to finish up the, the last travel show. That would be great if you could do that. And we said, of course. So we immediately rushed off to Austria to start shooting, and we were working our way across the country, and I think we were maybe halfway through our travel show. We were Exactly halfway, Halfway through when I got a call that my father had passed away.


And so immediately we dropped everything. I jumped in a van, blah blah, flew a couple of flights back to Boston, got there. And then two days after arriving, my mom passed away. And so it was this very powerful, strange time. And it was this double funeral and everything was sort of chaotic and hard to process. And then a really lovely gesture, I'll just pass along is that suddenly at the funeral in Boston, Mike Sweeney shows up with Jeff Ross with Sono of Sesion, with Jason Shami with Adam.


And if I'm forgetting anyone, tell me. But I was, that meant a lot to me. So I wanna thank you guys for, for doing that. You then charged me for your airfare. That was, I had Celtics tickets. I you, you Had Celtic tickets. But anyway, that blew my mind when you guys walked into the church, that was, I'll never forget that. And Jesse, I don't know why you weren't there. I Wasn't invited. They didn't Tell me they were going. Yeah. And actually you came and I had a bouncer out front. I was the only guy that has a bouncer at a wake, at an Irish wake. It's a private party. Yeah. And, but anyway, it was, so that happens. And then suddenly we're into, it's Christmas, then the fires.


Oh my God. Then dislocated from my home and we're working on the Oscars. I'm, You know, I'm living in a hotel craziness. And then the Mark Twain, then the Mark Twain thing happened after the Oscars. Yeah. And then it was immediately the day after the twain, the next morning we all jumped on planes. Yes. And flew to Austria to continue the Austria show. Max was Like, pick it back up. Exactly. Right. And You're running out of excuses. You're Running out of excuses. No more dead parents. But I'm getting another award. We're sick of you and you're made up awards. I'm getting the O Henry Award and there's a twist at the end Where there's no award.


So anyway, we go to back to Austria, and it was the days, the first time we've ever done that for three days To wind it up. But was, But was very interesting. Is that because of all this stuff that had happened before and because I was kind of running on fumes, I think I was sillier during those three days. Oh my god. Yes. I was, I was extra. Yeah. Crazy. Silly. And free associating like someone on drugs and that. So when you guys put the show together, you were in a fugue state? I was in a fugue state. Perfect. For Vienna. No, it really was. And I think all of that combined makes it a very interesting travel series.


And one that, I mean, I watch it and I know that it's like bifurcated. It's divided between, this is before I hear about my parents. This is a, this is much later afterwards I'm back. But the viewer wouldn't know that. But it's just interesting. And we Also weather exactly, exactly the same four months later. Yeah. Yeah. Less, well it was Christmasy. There was some Christmasy vibes, Some decorations, but, And then, but yeah, pretty much you'd never know. Yeah. I just brought it up because I thought people like inside baseball, and that is something that's happened in that show. That's never happened. Yes. We've never had to leave a country and then come back to it a couple of months later to finish one show.


But there's so many silly little ideas in that show. You guys go, I talk To much. We went back, we went back specifically to have you record in Vienna, because we had done other parts of the country already. And then we paused it when you, we were in Lins and you got the word about your dad. And I remember you came down to the breakfast area and you just, and it was just you and me, and you said, there's no easy way to say this, but my father passed away. And then Mike Sweeney and Jeff Ross came in and you just said, I know one thing. I won't be taking a yodeling lesson today. Yeah. Because that was on the schedule For that day. That was on the schedule for that Day. I was gonna meet up with a fan and learn how to yodel.


I know one thing. And I, and I, and I just knew that like, you can't, if you hear about your, you weren't in The right head space. You do, you hear about your Well, but also I knew that if you hear about your father passing away unexpectedly and you go, right, okay, time to yodel. Yeah, yeah. In leather shorts. Exactly. That Is the definition of a sociopath. So you do more, yo you were a more evolved sociopath than than you took a car to airport and you went home. So that was great. You know, You know what was weird is that you guys were very nice and you were like, Conan, you need to pack. And, and, and of course Jeff was great. He was like, You know, we and Chmi, they were like, we got a car downstairs, it's gonna take you to the, they scrambled. Yes. You're gonna take this airline to this, You know, city and then to that city, and that's gonna get you to Heathrow and then you're gonna go.


And I am acting like I'm all together. Like, oh yeah, no, no, that's okay. And look, these, You know, these things happen. And, and I'm putting a watch on just a watch, a regular watch. And I kept putting it on upside down and backwards. And I kept, I did that like five times. Oh wow. I didn't, my, I was so on the surface, I was acting like, yeah, well I appreciate that. Yeah. And I guess we can pick up this later. I should go home. And, but in total, sort of Irish Catholic denial about whatever I'm feeling. And the way I knew it was that I kept putting my watch on and then I'd look at it and it was facing down in a way like this. Right? Yeah. And then I'd do it again, and it would be on this side.


And I, and I was like, it's On your ankle. I suddenly, suddenly didn't know how to do the most elemental thing in the world, which is put a watch on. Yeah. Well, It's nice to know you're human. It's, I mean, really? Oh yes. A human side. Oh, I, okay. I guess that's great. Exactly, Exactly. How do we know that? I just don't know how to put a watch on. Exactly. Watch Lexi, You look at me and I, I've got this angling from my ear load. Well see you later. Oh God. That wasn't a sign of mourning. But We went back specifically to get the capital city, which is what, You know, we had sort of Yeah. Vienna wins for you. Exactly. Nice, nice, nice. We spent a couple after you left the first time, we had to cool our heels in Vienna for a few days.


And while we were there, we were there alone with Jordan. We shot some stuff with Him. Jordan, Dante is eighth layer of him, Six through eight. And we shot something with him and Jordan was, Which we ended up using, so that, that worked out. And, but it was, it was, we went back to Vienna, the fan who was supposed to meet us in Lynn's where he lived. We had to meet us, worked out a Park in Vienna. And, and he was wonderful. Yes. When Toss and I did yodel. You did, you did you Yo I did yodel. And your watch went on Correctly. You associated enough to yodel again. Yes. Everyone's gonna check how you're wearing your watch in these, this show. It was a very musical episode. Oh yeah. And it's very musical And it's perfect for, oh, one of my favorite things is a, a segment where we, we visit the exact spot where Julie Andrews did the open for the sound of of music.


Yes, Yes. And Jose Arroyo, which was not Easy to Coordinate. No, no. Not easy to coordinate. But, but, but it's the exact exact spot. Like literally down to exactly where I'm standing. It's secret that you have to get, we had to go through a lot of different channels. You have to go To Julie's, I get permit And have, you have to talk to all the actors who played the children, and they have to be lined on a staircase. I love The coat herd. Public is not allowed there. Yeah. And the o it's on private property. And the owner is very reticent to, because 10 years ago they let a b, c shoot there. And I, I, I think they felt like it over publicized it or something. So What was an episode of Lost? Exactly. And I Think that They were just mad that it didn't Wrap up.


But you were going to say, Jose Wrote this song. Oh, Jose, Jose wrote this song, which is all about us not being able to clear the sound of music. Couldn't get the right song. Wait, of course, you can't get the rights. So you wrote a song about that, which is in a similar vein, but not, of course not. And no, no lawyer could, could find any similarity really. But it was, it's really great work, Jose, and, and very creative and, and the way it's shot. And I was very, every now and then we get to do a little set piece. Like one of my favorite travel shows from the TBS days was the Italy show, because we do a little Italian movie every now and then we get to do a little.


And, and I really love those. I mean, I love the spon. Nothing will ever beat spontaneous, no fun moments that we have with, and, and I'll say that from my late night career and just in general. And nothing will ever, those are my favorite moments. But every now and then, there's just a little moment to have a set piece where we get to really shoot it like cinematographers and choreograph it a little bit. And you wrote this music and we kept, and when we get into those things, I'm obsessive about, if Jose has put this much effort into it, I want it to be just right too. So I'll ask for multiple takes. I don I I won't say, Hey, we gotta go. I wanna make sure it's just what you have in your head.


Thank you. You were in later Jose. I was gonna say it was short, it was cold and it was cold up on that mountain. You know, me. Stone ass.


Sometimes I like to get away from the hustle and bustle of the podcast, the television show for Max my rock and roll concerts. Oh. Why My, my modeling gigs. I like to just disappear, get away for the weekend. And You know what, when I do, I like to think, Hey, maybe I could host on Airbnb my place. Yeah, I think you could. And then I think Yeah, but it's just covered in pictures of me there. It really is. There's a lot of pictures Of you, giant paintings of me with Yeah. Various Bassett hounds I never owned but you Yeah. You do this all the time. I Do. And I'm actually planning a camping trip to Kern River and I am going to put my place on Airbnb while I'm gone so I can make a little extra money. And guess what? I just got a sweet new blender so people staying at my place can use that blender. That's Nice. Yeah. People looking for, I bet a lot of people are saying, well, I, yeah. I don't care what kind of place I'm in as long as it has a blender. Oh, it's a, It's an amazing blender for anybody who wants to stay at my place and I can make a little extra money while I'm out under the stars. It just makes so much sense. Yes. In these modern times it does. Just think about it. If you host while you're traveling, it's a great way to offset some of the cost of your own trip. Yeah. Your home might be worth more than you think. Find out how much at airbnb.com/host.


This is an ad for the active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. And You know what? That's a mouthful. Yeah. It's, it's a lot to say, but I did it. It's a lot of word. You know what, it's a mouthful because it packs a lot in. Hmm. You can earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases with it big or small. So whether it's buying tickets to the game with your mom or grabbing a coffee with your dog, my dog doesn't drink coffee. Earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases made with it. Learn more@wellsfargo.com. Forward slash active cash terms apply.


This is an advertisement from Better Health. Mental health awareness is growing. But let's face it, there's still a lot of progress to be made. Many people avoid seeking mental health support 'cause they fear judgment stigma. Old ideas about what needing or wanting therapy can bring about. When people hesitate to get help, it doesn't just affect them. It impacts everyone around you, families, workplaces, and entire communities. So I wanna encourage everyone to take care of their wellbeing and break the stigma better. Help has over 10 years of experience matching people with the right therapists from their diverse network of credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Better help is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient, serving over 5 million people worldwide. And here's something that's key. It's very easy to switch therapists anytime at no extra costs. As the largest online therapy provider in the world Better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise, we're all better with Help everybody. Our listeners get 10% off their first month@betterhelp.com slash Conan. That's better hlp.com/ Conan.


You know, one of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. Do You know what I mean? Yeah. It's ridiculous. It's crazy. Yeah. It's like, Hey Santa Claus, get your bathing suit over here. Oh my God. Hey, he doesn't need a bathing suit. He is up at the North Pole. What did I waste my time for? Yeah. And he is got elves. Exactly. They can make it. Okay. You're ruining the point I was trying to make. Yes. No. One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. Fortunately, LinkedIn is a network of over 1 billion business-y people who might actually be interested in your business. You can target your buyers by job title, industry, company roles, seniority skills, or company revenue. So stop wasting budget on the wrong audience and start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will give you a hundred dollars credit on your next campaign, so you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco, that's LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco terms and condition supply only on LinkedIn ads.


You know, Julie Andrews, it was a helicopter of course in 1965, but 64 We Had a drone that, that she shot it, it came out in 65. Yeah, they shot it in 64. Right. But I thought people would relate more to when the Movie came out. I think people relate to the truth. Get a room, you YouTube. Okay. Anyway, when they shot it, they used a real helicopter. Oh, Who gives a fuck? I they, they used a real helicopter with Julie Andrews and True story, the helicopter. They didn't know how to get the shot. And the guy who was like directing the movie said, I'll do it. And he got in the helicopter and he's like, hanging out of a helicopter. Wow. But the helicopter has to come really close to Julie Andrews and the backwash from a helicopter is a serious deal.


Yeah. So it's a, it's, You know, fans of that movie who know the behind the scenes know that when she's going and the music is swelling and she's walking up the hill as I recreate, we're doing it with a drone. She was doing it with a massive, like Vietnam era helicopter. She got flattened a couple of times by the, just the wind. Oh, wow. She got knocked down and, and they kept making her do it over and over and over again. And apparently at one point I've heard Julie Andrews lost your temper. I was like, what the fuck? Let's just fucking pull this shit together. I fucking, I got fucking knocked down like 15 fucking times. But she did it at the highest register with a beautiful Yes.


Multita ring. You fucking as ho They also trumped, like there's a scene where she walks along a brook and, and through some poplar trees, they, that was all trucked in also helicopter. Oh, okay. They built a stream. They ran a stream. What? Yeah. All that was Space. Oh yeah. It was all that was manufactured. Yeah. But anyway, that was, Oh, You know what else there, there's fun to be there. Ski Lift. Ooh. We have this great drone shot. There's a, a ski lift to one side and all these new buildings. So our, our great graphics artist painstakingly Chris Weller. Chris Weller painted them out. Yeah. He also painstakingly repaired my face.


Yeah, I was gonna say, so that I appear to be pretty colored. Late, late thirties and a male, you lowered the hem of your later hose and by there was an issue there. Yeah, yeah. With standards. Can I say one thing? Which is This better be good. Well, well, speaking of fans, And we should identify, this is Aren Blair as we call him. Bla hi. You know, we started this show in Zurich, You know, we, we landed and we started in Zurich. We spent the night in Zurich. And kind of these, on these shows, we have a local crew. And so we're meeting these people for the first time. And does anyone, do you want to talk about kind of what happened? That's a great story. The first day. Oh, well anyway, so you tell, we're kind of running around.


Jose was in the bathroom, so we're kind of waiting for Jose Jose's Always in the bathroom. And We're all, we're, we're like, where's Jose? We're Jose and we're all in the bus ready to go and we're gonna drive. I think He's, he's seated on the toilet urinating. Yes. But I think Sweeney the bus bus did not have a, we were gonna drive to Austria. We're Driving, you're driving to the town of PIL from Switzerland, Right? Yeah. Right. And so finally, and I kind of get off the bus and here comes Jose, and we're like, okay, we're all ready to go. And we start going and we're traveling, Driving, driving, driving, driving, Driving, driving, driving for a while. And then in the ver I'm just kind of sitting towards the back Like 40, 40 Minutes, 40 minutes. A good, a solid 40 minutes and It's recounting of it better be not as long. That's right. Go ahead. And then I hear behind me, there's some talking and our drum guy stands up because where, where, You know, are we going to the city center?


And everyone's kind of talking and then we go, no, we're driving to FEL church. He goes, I can't, I have to go to the city center. I can't go to Fel Urch. And it just happened that he was not our drone guy. He was a random tourist who got on the bus. He saw thought Was saw getting on a bus, thought it was a tour bus. And he Drove, he thought us a hotel shuttle bus Way out our way, way out of his way. And he suddenly realized that he's part of a Conan O'Brien must go shoot that's taking him to God knows where he's probably gonna have to go him. He said, no, I, I'm with Stanley Tucci to be on. Yeah. I'm supposed to be with Ava and Gloria. But we were driving For like almost an hour. Yes. Yeah. Oh. And he looked quite upset. He Was Upset. And it's not our fault.


I think someone at the hotel said, I think he said is at the bus to the city center and someone at the hotel went, yeah. You know, and so off he went. But the other thing, I dropped him off at a gas station. He literally was 40 minutes away and we totally him left and he was in a wheelchair. He was not, well, he was on a respirator though. I also wanna point out that my first memory of I wake up in, someone had gifted me this cool little, I like travel gear. And someone had gifted me this really cool small hair dryer that's like folds out. I think it's Japanese. It, it folds out.


It's kind of got a sleek, cool robotic reun look. And I was like, oh, cool, I'm gonna bring this on my to to Austria. So that morning that we got up in Zurich, I look out the window, oh my God, it's Zurich. I take a shower, I get outta the shower and I plug in my little hairdryer and I turn it on. I heard a ceiling, every light, not just in my room, but I think on my floor hotel went out and I smelled that smoke that no, you, theres a smell that an electrical appliance has, which means it will never live again and it cannot be repaired. And so that smoke drifted up and I looked down at this cool little neat Japanese and folded it up really neatly and dropped it in the trash can and then went downstairs and went, I think I just shorted, they, they were running around downstairs, like there's a, a major explosion on the third floor.


And I said someone was using a Japanese hair dryer. But it was later explained to me that you have to bring a, just using the con a voltage, just using the converter isn't enough transformer. You need a voltage transformer. Yes. Which I didn't have, so my apologies to the hotel in Zurich, which is still, I'm told without power. Right. And there have been many casualties And he's being sued by the family of the, that dead tourist Yeah. Who died at the gas station. Okay. That's not, I I don't like that we took that too far. And I apologize to everyone. Not far enough. Well, I, I don't, we're not far enough. Yeah. But so I very musical And you, you, you encountered really great fans there as well.


Yes. And that's, that's part of our homework, which is, You know, You know, finding the people that you get to see when you get to the country. That's what brings us there. And then we exactly. Motivated jump from there. Jump by. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. It's always meet the fan. And then the fan is my reason is my way in. And I use them. I use my fans. You do, you ring them dry, then you pivot and, and then we, there is a segment that I'm, there's a, I think there are the two segments that we shot in Vienna that I'm really happy with because I, I think to a degree it's, it's me. I don't know if what happens to me, but if you put me in a, it's classic Conan O'Brien.


If you put me in a certain outfit or a certain milieu, I start, I start babbling. And one is at the Sigmund Freud, Sigmund Freud's home and office that I visited. And the other, there's also a Snow Globe museum. Right. You were riffing a lot in that remote. Yeah. And then, and then there's finally singing with the Vienna Boys choir. So those are all ones where I felt very much at home. Like, this is me, if I've put was put on this earth for any reason. It was to do this. And that's both the good news and the bad news.


Well, that's amazing that, that feels so comfortable for you because I think, I don't know, I, I watch and I think, wow, that would be a lot of stress to be thrust into this situation and, and Oh no, and we often do, I mean, we throw you into these shark infested waters a lot of times. But then it's like, that's, You guys gave perfectly a swim. You guys gave me a beard and a cigar that let me speak in a corny Viennese accent. Yes, Yes. And you looked, I have to say the transformation. Yeah. Was, yeah. Amazing. Very funny. Well, I, fantastic. Very happy with, I was very happy with, I, I mean, I enjoyed making this season Austria, despite the complicated emotions involved in that show was might be my favorite for just Yeah.


You know, I don't know. It has, It's so funny. It's blowing off. Surprising, blowing steam. Yes. Yeah. Maybe blowing off steam. There's something, something's being off gassed or vented And Oh, and there's a surprise. There's a a bonus ep episode tucked into it. That's right. Into that, that's right. Wow. Okay. That might be promising too much a whole bonus, but yes. Or maybe we'll take it out. No, it really is. No, no, no, no. Leave it in. Leave It in. Well, bonus in quotes. I thought that was understood. I'm gonna wrap this up, but again, I wanna thank my intrepid team, Mike Sweeney. This is where I hold up a Sign with my name on it. It's Jose Ayo.


Close enough, Jose Arroyo and, and Jessie Gaskell. And I wanna tell you that if you, this Max show is out now, the third episode, Conor Brien Must go Austria. And if you would like to be considered to be one of the fans that I visit anywhere in the world, it's pretty simple to to, to reach out to us, just go to Team Coco dot com slash apply. Once again, that's Team Coco dot com slash apply. And maybe Al come visit, visit you wherever you are on this spinning blue lonely globe called Earth.


So get ready, EV I mean, you should wake up every day, assuming Conan might show up at your door Dress, Dress camera already. Yes, exactly. I had a beautiful ending that ended with the image of the earth spinning in the black void. Oh, sorry. And I'm, and then you guys came in with, with that stuff, We could, we could end it There. No, I just wanna say that I appreciate the work that you guys have done for this show. As, Can I mention this Microscopic inhabitants of this tiny blue spherical spec that drifts alone in an inky void. Are we alone? Are we not? We'll never know, but we call this place Earth. I know you wanna say something sweet.


Go for it. You have to do it. Go for it. You Had one more thing to Add. Gas station. Yes, I knew it. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer Aren Blair, associate talent producer Jennifer Samples, associate producers Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash Conan. Please rate review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wherever fine podcasts are down.


Pacifico is a Mexican logger brood to be discovered. It's like fresh tracks. On a powder day like that uncharted trail, a stones throw away like the perfect wave on a sunny day Pacifico. Find your own way. 21 plus drink responsibly imported by Crown Import Chicago, Illinois.


Lowe's knows that no matter your paint or stain project saving is at the top of your to-do list. Save. Now with buy one get one half off. Select paint stains and primers from top brands like Valspar, HGTV Home by Sherwin Williams and Cabot via Visa gift card rebate. Find more Memorial Day deals. Now at Lowe's, we help you save selection varies by location while supplies last discount taking at time of purchase. See sales associate for details. Offer valid five 15 through 5 28.