
Three couples, four vacations. A lot to unpack. Watch the Four Seasons, a new series starring our comedy favorites. Tina Fey, Steve Carrell, Coleman Domingo, will Forte and more in a hilarious and heartfelt love letter to long-term relationships based on the original Alan Alda film. Watch The Four Seasons Streaming now only on Netflix.


Sona, wouldn't you say that life is full of personal wins? I would Conan. Thanks, Sona. Whether it's cleaning your house, getting that dream car, or checking off your to do list, winning at life is a great feeling. I'm pretty good at winning at life, aren't I Sona? Are Are You okay? Keep moving. State Farm helps you win by helping you create an affordable price just for you. Doesn't that sound like a win, Sona? That I like an affordable price just for Me. Yes, you do. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on ratings, plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer. Availability amounts of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state. That's my low voice.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Okay. Welcome. If you are listening to this program right now, and you are, because you can hear my voice, which is proof that you're hearing it again, we're doing something a little different. We did this last week. Last week we did a podcast about the Spain Madrid episode of Conan O'Brien. Must go because that's when it dropped. Well, guess what? Today is the day that episode two in the series drops. And today's episode then is about New Zealand, because that is where I traveled.


I am joined by the crack team as opposed to the team on crack. That Why not both? These are all good quips and we'll edit them out. Terrific team. Mike Sweeney, of course, at the helm came in a little late wearing one of the, sorry, one of the three shirts he owns. Yeah. And I'm also joined by Jesse. It's my favorite Jessie Gaskell. It takes time to pick them out. Sorry. We're interrupting Jesse's intro for that little, I'm sorry. Little sprinkle. Jessie Gaskell. Terrific. Writer, producer, joke writer. And Hosea Royal. Also a a a terrific comedic mind. And both of you have you be Nice to us.


I'm Nervous. It's a trap. It's a trap. It's a trap. What you do is you put honey in the trap and then they fall into the pit and outta the spikes. This team, this unit has come on. Most of the travel shows just about all of them, if not all of them. And, and you. I'm talking about the TBS days. Yeah. And all those conone without border shows. And now on the Max Series, Kone O'Brien must go season two. We are today discussing the second episode in the series, which is New Zealand. Guys, what did you think? It's out now. It's out right now. Out right now as we speak. It's amazing. I I loved it from, I actually saw it just to prepare for this.


Oh, is that true? You, you did some I did a little homework. Did you did preparation for this. Okay. For this. And I saw it. No, you're not ever supposed to watch these again. That's how it works. Know, I know. There's, so How does it hold up? It holds up really, really well. Okay. It dark. Your Voice went up. Sorry. No, go ahead. No, no. It hold. Holds up really well. And it just, it's you, you jump from the north island to the south island. You cover a, we covered a lot of ground. Covered A lot of ground, which is Yeah. I mean, that's hard in that country 'cause it's, it involves flights and driving. Yes. And Driving. One of the things that have found is in our travels is that, You know, we go, and the premise of the show is I visit fans that have reached out to me through the podcast.


And so these fans were pretty well distributed around both islands, the north and the south. I learned a lot. I had never been to New Zealand before. The people were extraordinary. They were lovely. We learned a lot about the, the ancient culture. The Maori Maori Yeah. The Maori culture. And Not so ancient. It turns out they've only occupied a for 800 years longer than, Is that true? Oh, Wow. That's what that's what they were saying. Yeah. During that welcoming ceremony, which I thought was Fascinating. And it was there before That. I think It was before that It was a medical conference getaway. It Was for ba No, it was for Bausch and Loam and, no, the, and and it was interesting because when we went, before we began filming, we were taken by a Maori guide to this mountaintop that looked over, this is in the north island in Auckland.


And he, there was a, a long discussion about the history, and then he led a ceremony. It was kind Of moving, like blessing the film shoot, Basically. Yes. He was blessing the, the the film shoot another, Another ancient, right. Yeah. And which We should always do. Really? Yes. And we should. Oh, okay. So when I go to the American Girl store to drink too much with a doll. Yes. Which should be a blessing first at the American Girl Store. Yeah. It was, it was, it was really nice to be introduced to the culture and then visit the fans. And we learned a lot. Our visit coincided with something that is in the Guinness Book of World Records, which is part of the show, which is, there is a, a ritual there called the haka to the uninitiated.


Just, it looks kind of like a a a dance routine. Yeah. Like a very old kind of, it's like A flash mob. Yeah. It looks like a flash mob. But it's something that's performed. It's been around for, I'm guessing, hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of years. And it's very important to the culture. And they tried to break the world's record for the largest number of people doing the haka at the same time. So they fill a stadium. And I was joined by none other than Tika Waititi Yes. Tikai who helped out. And so that makes for a fun segment. Yeah. There's a, there were a lot of, I, when I look at the footage of that now, when we were editing, I was stunned by how many people were doing the haka at the same time.


Because when you're doing it, you're just, you're in yourself. You're doing it. You're not quite aware. But when you look, when You had just learned it too. So you were Yes. Probably focusing on the moves and Oh, I was just trying to remember Yeah, yeah. How to do this correctly. And it's intimidating. 'cause on one side I had a, You know, Maori guide Yes. At Maka. And on the other side I had Tika Yeah. And people watching from the Guinness Book of World Records. And it's being recorded. So I was Lots of news cameras. Yeah. Yeah. Lots of news cameras. I was in my head about Let's do this correctly. Well, I was, I didn't go on the New Zealand trip 'cause I was, you can leave still trying to figure out how to leave my baby. But I, Which is a code for battling your addiction.


Yes. A baby on the back. I was a host in recap. Yeah, exactly. It's a new You were at New Horizons. Oh, I fell off the baby again. But You know, its crazy. Can I just back up for a second? Yeah. That you were with child when we went to Norway and Thailand. New Norway and Thailand. Yeah. And we didn't know, of course you kept it a secret because You know that I, well, it was the early days, You know, that I have a policy that no one's allowed to. None of my writers are like, Rumpelstiltskin, you, you get the baby. None of my writers are allowed to reproduce. And it's a thing when you, when you work with me, that you have to sign. And so you broke the rules and No, but, so that was, it was during the strike.


It was interesting that dot, who's now how old a year she is. A year and a half. Year and a half.is was with us on two trips. That's right. Trips. Which is really kind of cool. Oh my God. That's right. I she's been to Norway. I should have spent, should bring her on all of them. Well, actually this means that she's in the union. She's in the Guild. She's in the Writer's Guild. Oh my God. Yeah. And so Now we, she's gonna bankrupt the show. Shows owe shows money to the She owes they're gonna done You she's In arrears. Yes. So you yes. You weren't allowed to go. You, you Well, I was, I just hadn't quite figured out a way to be gone for, because I knew the New Zealand show that that trip in particular was gonna be long.


It's a really long flight. Yep. And the trip was like almost two weeks, I think. Yeah. That you guys were gone Also, this was, you were newly, You know, you were still getting to know your daughter and it was completely understandable that you were like, yeah, I don't, I don't think I'm ready to go on this trip then. Yeah. You guys were really, really cool about it, I have to say. Well, but, but then, but then immediately after that trip, you said, I so wanna get away from this child. Sign me up for the other show. Well, Once I saw the dailies, It's amazing. The child did come with us. But you stayed here. It's amazing. Just weeks later you were ready to go to Spain and meet Javier Barett.


Exactly. Yeah. Somehow I did pull it together for that one. You pulled it together for, you're right. One of the most magnetic, sexy, Mommy. Mommy, please. Not now. Not now, Don. No, But I was gonna say that I was at home and I was, You know, ke keep keeping track of the trip. But that first day that you landed, I woke up and all, all of the over the news were these shots of Conan doing the haka. And it was just, it was perfect. 'cause part of the haka is that you do these really grotesque Right. War faces. And so the the still that I kept seeing was you with your tongue out and your eyes engorged like a gargoyle. Yes, yes.


Of course. Hips thrust forward. It Was 'cause I said engorged Yes. Hips, not engorged, devoid of any liquid hips deflated. But That was our Yeah. The day we landed. Yeah. Which is probably the best time to learn the hot It's called carrying off the bandage. 15 hour Very quickly, we dove right into, we dove right into ery culture and me at a stadium. Yes, exactly. And in front of all of New Zealand. And then we did, I don't wanna give away any secrets, but let's just say we, it's, it, it, it's worth watching that episode to see what's happening in stadium. Then we're making our way through the wilds of New Zealand, the south island.


Exactly. The, the north island and the south island are quite different. The south island is the island where Peter Jackson Filmed Both Islands. It was on both islands. He was on both islands. Okay. But, but yes. Some of the, the most dramatic Yeah. When the Hobbit are island hanging out and karaoke bars. Right, right. That's North Island. And driving catamarans around a marina. That's the north island. But when the hobbits are going through Middle Earth, that's the south island. Exactly. Exactly.


You know me, Sona, sometimes I like to get away from the hustle and bustle of the podcast. The television show for Max. Yeah. My rock and roll concerts. Oh, why my, my modeling gigs. I like to just disappear, get away for the weekend. And You know what, when I do, I like to think, Hey, maybe I could host on Airbnb my place. Yeah, I think you could. And then I think Yeah. But it's just covered in pictures of me. It really is. There's a lot of pictures of You, giant paintings of me with Yeah. Various Bassett hounds I never owned but you Yeah. You do this all the time. I do. And I'm actually planning a camping trip to Kern River, and I am going to put my place on Airbnb while I'm gone so I can make a little extra money. And guess what? I just got a sweet new blender so people staying at my place can use that blender. Yeah. That's Nice. Yeah. People looking for, I bet a lot of people are saying, well, I, yeah. I, I don't care what kind of place I'm in, as long as it has a blender. Oh, it's A, it's an amazing blender for anybody who wants to stay at my place and I can make a little extra money while I'm out under the stars. It just makes so much sense in these modern times. It does. Just think about it. If you host while you're traveling, it's a great way to offset some of the cost of your own trip. Yeah. Your home might be worth more than you think. Find out how much at Airbnb dot com slash host.


Let's Talk about a word that gets thrown around a lot. Hmm. Gringo. Yeah. Okay. Now, first off, gringo is not about where you're from or what you look like. It's not a dis it's a diagnosis. Hmm. It means you're doing it wrong. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Grand scenario, the number one tequila in Mexico. I'm getting a thumbs up from Eduardo that I said it. Right. That's a hell of an endorsement. Since Mexicans know tequila, best handcrafted in Jalisco family owned and with centuries of heritage, no gimmicks, just smooth, rich tequila made the real way. And it's Mexico's number one tequila, not number two, not number dose or numeral dose. Not pretty good. Number one Uno is so good aged in oak barrels, and it's so smooth. Not burn your soul. On the way down, strong warm notes of agave toasted almonds and dignity. My favorite flavor, dignity. Hey waiter, this could soup could use a little more dignity. So next time you're reaching for tequila, skip the gringo stuff. Try a grand scenario. Reposado the tequila. Mexico drinks Grand centen tequila. 40% alcohol by volume. Proximo proximo spirits.com.


Sure. We got blue jeans, baseball bald eagles. But come on, there's really nothing as American as the burger. Right? Mm. And there's nothing more burger than the Sonic Smasher. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, this thing is made to order. Hands smashed Angus beef patties seared to perfection with those incredible crispy edges that make you want to start a slow clap. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. That kind of slow clap where you're like, yeah. Sonic, you brought the Sonic Smasher. Then there's the layered melty cheese, crinkle cut pickles and onions too on top of it all. Oh my mind splitting. Try the Sonic Smasher is a double, or why not? God forgive us all A triple Make the Sonic Smasher your next new favorite burger. Live Free Eat Sonic.


This is an ad for the active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. And You know what? That's a mouthful. Yeah. It's, that's a lot to say, but I did it. It's a lot of words. You know what, it's a mouthful because it packs a lot in. Hmm. You can earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases with it big or small. So whether it's buying tickets to the game with your mom or grabbing a coffee with your dog, my dog doesn't drink coffee. Earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases made with it. Learn more at wells fargo.com/active cash terms. Apply


some of the distances we traveled to get. We had to go over this big mountain pass to get to Hoki Teeka, hoki Teeka. And that was quite a journey before we left the North Island. We did meet this young woman named Abby Howells, who was sort of getting me up to speed on, I wouldn't say customs, but pronunciations, how people attitudes slang, how slang. And she was, without a doubt, one of the funniest people I've met. Yeah. Her improv. Yes. And was off the charts funny. Yes. And you Guys were doing like a two person Improv. Oh my God. I would tour, I would, I would do a two person show with her in Vegas if I could.


She's so funny and, and really delight and really delightful. So Charming. She should be an international star. I just, I know. I think she will be. Which That's something I say about everyone. No, but she was amazing. She's kind of the breakout, I think kind of the breakout star of the New Zealand episode. Abby Howells. And I just wanna give a shout out to her because I'm hoping I crossed paths with her again. She was so uniquely funny. She's just funny in her bones and, and, and just a, just so much fun. And I love the segments with her. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, they were, we we're, we're at the ocean. And again, this is one of the magical things about these travel shows is you guys do a great job of finding these people.


I don't know who they're gonna be. I get out of a van, I walk up, they say, this is Abby. Hi Abby. And within two seconds I'm thinking She's hilarious. Yeah. This is really fun. We did so much improv. It was really, I know. Well, and I normally wouldn't, I think, I think someone telling me what, just watch this half hour of improv would maybe turn me off a little bit. But it was legitimately so funny watching the uncut Version of it. Oh, also edit. Oh, the uncut. Yes. Yeah. No, no, we wouldn't, we would never No, no, we cut it down. We would never ask you to watch half an hour improv. No, Jesse, how dare you suggested That's what happens. It was hard to edit as, because it was, because there was so many good chunks in there. So, and, and it all built as it went. Yeah. So, and it just got funnier and funnier.


And so then you're like, oh, how do we tighten this up without losing any of these? Great. I met the only other, I, I never meet anyone with a first name Conan. Right. But you guys found someone in New Zealand whose name is Conan O'Brien. Yeah. And I met with him. That was fun. That was fun. He was also really funny. Really funny. He was funny. They're naturally very funny people. And that, That was her talent. Booker Gina Batista came in one day. She goes, I got an alert that there's Conan O'Brien or something on her phone. She goes, I don't know that there's a Conan O'Brien In his field. And he has one of my, he had my Amex alert. He had my Amex card. We've figured out where the leak was. And he was, he was really funny. He was great too. Yeah. He's a councilman. You know, it's funny, there's something, we found this a lot.


It's one of the things that I like so much about the travel shows is that you go to these other countries and they're very self-possessed. They're like, oh yeah, okay. I know this. I've heard of this Conan guy. But anyway, and then they get on to just being themselves. And so the comedy is, it's a different kind. Yeah. They're not nervous around you. Oh God. No. No. They're just, there's a, there's a, there's a a little scent of in, I don't know, disdain. No. It's just being laid back. Look, Abby mentioned that that's one of the sort of national pride of, of New Zealand is how laid back people can be. Yeah. And they were all very unflappable.


Yes, exactly. No matter, You know, just meeting someone in a, in a DVD store, guys just buying, renting videos and they're just like, Hey Conan. And they knew who you were, but they're just like, yeah. And they, they're just kind of sleepy. You traveled 45,000 miles to be here, basically to the moon and back to get Right, right. To go see them. Hey, That's cool. The we go, then we go to the south island. And that was pretty fascinating just because the, the winding van ride up over the mountains Yes. Through fog, past just, I mean that Yes.


There's a, there's a part of this life of making remotes and there's no escaping it. Where if you're gonna do this, you're gonna be in a van for a long period of time. Yes, yes. And some countries more than others. And Yeah, New Zealand is a van country. It's, you're in a van. Yes. It's not luxury transport. And there's no way. I mean, If you want to get from which city were we in, in the south island, Christchurch, Christchurch, we were in Christchurch then for us to get to Hoka, which is on the other side of the island south. And this is getting closer to Antarctica. That's the fascinating part.


And I really wanted to go all the way south. And if we had been that kind of travel show that's actually trying to inform people, and we would've, I, I would love to go back someday and go to the very southern tip, because that's almost as close as you can get to Antarctica without getting on a boat. Right. Other than Pat, like Patagonia. Patagonia I think is a little closer. And we looked and we looked into it and we were kind of like, do Needin and down that way there's wildlife and, but You know, yes. It would be a long van ride away from the fan. And it's, it becomes a whole different show. Exactly. Exactly. This will not be in the special, but my, our, we finally get to Hoka and what you will not see in the special is we check into this hotel, and I was taken up to this room that makes no sense.


I've stayed in every kind of hotel room in my life and this hotel room, there's, you take an elevator up, two flights to The third Yes. To the third floor. And then you walk down and they say, just go through that door. And you go through that door and there's some more stairs. The stairs take you up to an elevator that is not functioning, it's not a functioning elevator and hasn't been for a long time. But then you like, go up a ladder and there's another door, and then you're in a hotel room and there's an elevator door in that hotel room, but it doesn't open. And that's in the, like, living room of the hotel room. It was just, I couldn't figure it out for the life of me. And then we, And they called it the penthouse suite?


Yes. Oh yes. Penthouse suite. But it's the kookiest thing I've ever seen. And then we walked to a bar and there was karaoke at the bar. Yes. And was it you Jose, who played a cruel practical joke on me? Oh, it's, or was it, oh, it was Emmi. It was Jason Chimi, Jason perhaps Jason Shami called up a song. And he said, you're next con. And and I went, I don't wanna do it. And I said, no, no, no, you're next. And it was led Zeppelins a whole lot of love of love. A whole lot of love. Which If You know the song, You know, it's that, I mean, I don't, I don't know what the rules are. If I can sing, I can't really sing it. Right. You can sing it.


Oh yeah. There's that part. But then there's, Yeah. Let, let's zip on file a claim. Yeah. I don not for that. I'll just say a cat got trapped. Right, right. In a grain. Fresher. But then as You know, in that song, there's a long break just right. And so everyone's looking at me, so I'm just gyrating in this tiny bar and gyrating and gyrating and gyrating while various weird 1969 noises are playing. Whoop, whoop. And then finally two.


And, and I was looking at Shami and I was like, you fucker, and everyone's looking at me like, you need to make this interesting. Yes. But it's impossible. And then you finally get to the John Bonum. But again, that takes a while. It's the worst song to do karaoke too, too. Some should not be on that playlist. Yeah, I, I agree. And, and Jason Shami wherever you are. I'm not gonna fucking forget that. And I'll pay you back in kind. Oh, he's the only one who could pull that off. That's so true. I have the whole thing on video. I will say also, Jeff Ross's birthday, we celebrated Jeff Ross's birthday. That's right. Poca. That's, that's why we did karaoke. Is that why we did it? That's why was it was Jeff's birthday.


Ross's birthday. And Jeff said, I want, I wanna see con I want whole lot of love in a very small bar. And again, there were people in the bar, regular patrons who just could have cared less about any of us. Yeah. They had no idea. I Am, this is a photo of Conan just sitting there as it says, musical break. 12 measures. Yes. 12 measures. And You know what I did? I sat down. I sat down and I, I look like when someone's about to be executed by a firing squad, I may allow them to sit in a chair. Yes, yes. I'm like, Gary Gilmore just sitting there waiting for it to stop Accepting your fate. Yeah. But anyway, we had, we, I meet a fan there who lives in very remote conditions, the grid.


And that's worth watching Off the grid. Off the grid. Yes. Yes. So that was fun. It was a very, again, none of these two shows are alike because these countries are all so different. And I stress, there are a lot of travel shows out there. I promise you, you'll learn nothing. Don't worry from my travel show. Don't worry. In fact, my travel show as, and I've said this before, it robs you of any knowledge you may have had of that country. It is a protein that eats at the brain. But I think it's funny tag. I like to think it's funny. It's funny. I hope it's funny. And there's A couple of Easter eggs in it. Couple of Easter eggs. Yes. Oh yes, that's Right. Oh my God. I get to do another dramatic turn.


That's Right. A Lot of people right now are, If you like the pit with Noah Wiley. Yes. If you like the Pit with Noah Wiley. Watch my travel show. That's right on Max. Because let's just say New Zealand has their own version of the pit short, which is just as gripping Intense. Yeah. And intense. And I get to act in it. And you get to really see my acting chops. Exactly. And I think Noah, Noah Wiley should fear me. He should fear if he, 'cause if he saw this, I think he would immediately, That's why they rushed the pit on tv. It wasn't ready. It wasn't ready. That makes Sense. They, they caught wind. You were on Shortland Street.


Yeah. Yeah. A lot of the basic sound editing hasn't been done on the pit. The pit, the pit was gonna cover a week at the Hood Hospital. And they found out you were coming and they said, let's make it day, A day. They said, the Conan's doing Shortland Street in New Zealand, and he blows Noah Wiley outta the water. So what they did is they just quickly made it a day a day. And instead of having all the script ready, they just, a lot of it is just people reading medications And contraindications and Contra di Well, I, I wanna thank you guys again and, and again, a shout out. Thank you. You're here with me. That's great. But Mike Sweeney, Jose Arro, and I got the accent on there. Yeah. I, I thought that was important.


And of course, Jessie Gaskell and so glad that you guys, they, you guys work so hard to make these shows come out and a shout out to the whole team. Bla Of course you were there. Yes. Yes. Eduardo and Adam, you're in the studio, but you did nothing for these shows. Shami, shout out to you Jeff Ross. I have, I'm very lucky to have you guys, and I'm gonna say that, and then I'm gonna quickly make a joke about you guys being awful. And a load stone around my neck because I hate or, or edit it out. Shout Out to Beck's, our fixer in New Zealand as well. Yes. She, She put together new and to Beck's beer. Okay. And to Beck's beer. Sure. Which I probably shouldn't do because Doesn doesn't matter.


We Do have a, I'm Miller, like with the Fixer. Yeah. Miller Light Miller Is the one who found Abby Howells. So Yes. That's great. This is the segment called too Much Information. We Also call it, it the End Credit. It's the End Credits. A Hyundai Excel company. They Were amazing. Renting us a car. The Kia Bird. You Are, you were hilarious in many different ways on this New Zealand. Well, listen, I'm a painter who uses many different colors. Yes, Yes, yes. It was good. Which is my way of saying funny in different ways. Anyway, check it out. It's on max Two Dimensional. There are two episodes now out. Last week was of course Spain. Spain. And this week is New Zealand.


And you can tune in next week we'll be doing a podcast about the third episode in the Conan O'Brien Muco series. And we'll see you then. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer, Aren Blair, associate talent producer, Jennifer Samples, associate producers, Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan. Please rate review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wherever fine podcasts are down,


Gather round friends for a daring tale of adventure on the high seas. Our heroes. A crew of fearless Tillamook dairy farmers. Seriously long ago, our founding farmers built a ship when it was the only way to deliver their dairy to the world. 'cause when you love full flavored cheese, creamy ice cream and rich cream cheese like we do, you'll sell to some extraordinary lengths for it. Tillamook extraordinary dairy.


You know, one of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. Do You know what I mean? Yeah. It's ridiculous. It's crazy. Yeah. It's like, Hey Santa Claus, get your bathing suit over here. Oh my God. Hey, he doesn't need a bathing suit. He is up at the North Pole. What did I waste my time for? Yeah. And he is got elves. Exactly. They can make it. Okay. You're ruining the point I was trying to make. Yes. No. One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. Fortunately, LinkedIn is a network of over 1 billion businessy people who might actually be interested in your business. You can target your buyers by job title, industry, company roles, seniority skills, or company revenue. So stop wasting budget on the wrong audience and start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will give you a hundred dollars credit on your next campaign so you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco, that's LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco terms and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.