
Have you met all modern? Excuse me, have you I have not. AllModern. Who thinks making your home modern with fresh furniture and decor should be easy? Mm. Okay. That's why all modern's team of modern, obsessed experts, hand vets each designed for quality. And did we mention they offer fast and free shipping? I love free shipping. Isn't it the best? I do love it. Because sometimes you buy something you really like and they go, oh, one more thing. We can get it to you for $9 million. What? Yeah. Yeah. It's going on a camel anyway. But this means with all modern, you can update your home in days, not weeks, not months, not years. So whether you're updating your living room with a plush rug and sofa, renewing your bedroom with a clean line bed, or re-imagining your dining area with a durable new dining set, all modern has everything you need to bring your vision to life From minimalist to Maximalist. Mm. I've always wanted to say that. That's modern made for real life. Shop now at AllModern dot com.


One thing about the entertainment industry, it's easy to earn a reputation, even if it doesn't reflect who you really are. For example, everyone thinks that Discover is a card that isn't widely accepted. Ugh. Did you, can you believe that? I can't stand people who think that. Yeah, me neither. Those are my least favorite kind of people in reality, it's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. This is a flawed concept. 99%. Yeah. It's Almost all of it. Yeah. Almost. But just 1% away. So maybe now you'll think twice before judging a book by its cover. Hello? Unless it's a celebrity cookbook, just stay away from those celebrities. Can't cook. In that case, judge. You know what I mean? Whenever, as celebrities making a cake, I think that's a bad cake. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report, learn more discovery.com/credit card.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Okay. Knock it off you two. Hi Mike. Welcome to the show. Well, thank you very much. Thank you for having me. Hello, Mike. It's good to, it's good to talk to you. Tell us, Mike, where are you talking to us from night. Right, right now, where are you in the world? I am in Lake Placid, New York. Oh. Up in the Adirondack Mountains. I don if you've been here before, but it's a beautiful spot. I've been here for about 20 years. I'm raising three wonderful kids, and I get to work out in the woods of the Adirondack Mountains All the time.


This sounds kind of perfect. I have been up to Lake Placid and of course Lake Placid. Am I correct? Is that the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, 1980 and 1932? Yes. Okay. I wasn't around for that one. And potentially 2026 for the sliding sports. We're gonna find out. I just got the word about that. It's not happening. Oh, yeah. I'm, I'm the first one they talked to and it's the sliding sports. Yeah. I'll tell you later. It's a whole thing. Yeah. Like, I'm on the board, but Bobsled Louis? Yeah. Oh, those, yeah. The sports where you lay still and gravity does it all. Oh, come on. Well, I'm sorry, but it's just stay really still. And you might get a gold medal.


Wow. Don't move. Remember we just had a Bobs letter on this. Oh, yeah. That guy was full of shit. Hey, I stayed really still and I won. Good for you. Bobsled. Look, this got off to a bad start, and I apologize, Mike, but I, I do think Lake Placid is a beautiful place, and also home of the Adirondack chair. I'm gonna say the Adirondack chair is the best outdoor wooden chair one can have. It gives you the most back support Hot take. Yeah. That's my hot take. So what's Yours? So, so, So why I don know very many others. Okay, go ahead. So, Conan, why have you not used the Adirondack chair for the subway smores then?


Well, we should have an Adirondack chair the next time we're outside, and I'm gonna demand one, and then I want to keep it at the end of the night. And I don't want to pay for it. I want it to be courtesy of the Team Coco machine, which means basically, it ends up coming outta my Well, I know some, yeah, I know some people who make Adirondack chairs, so If you, If you decide to go with it, I just think that's a fantastic chair. The Adirondack chair. Check it out. It's, it's, it's the tell us a what do you do? What is your profession? How do you make your way in this cruel world? I, about 10 years ago, I founded a company called the Forest Farmers. We and my business partners, we own 10,000 acres of forest land here in the Adirondacks Oh shit. In Vermont.


Wow. And we collect sap from lots of different tree species and turn it into syrups and sugars and all sorts of beverages and delicious food. And So basically, let me cut to the chase. You're in the maple syrup business, Not just maple syrup, but other tree syrups as well. Yes, maple syrup is our number one thing, But I didn't know there were other tree syrups. What other tree syrups are, are there? We do birch, beech, and walnut, and there's another five species that we could do, but we're not in the right part of the country to do them. Mm, Okay. I I'm, I don't, that's strange to me. I mean, maple is the go-to and it's suddenly like, like you're saying, oh no, there's another kind of Kleenex other than Kleenex.


There's zza bar tissues. So Zza bar, describe what does it taste like? How is it different beach from Maple? Or is that just an impossible thing to describe? No, no. So every different tree syrup tastes a little bit different. Some are very different than others. And it has to do, You know, a lot of types with the types of sugars that are present in the sap and then how you boil it down. And so, right, right. Beach syrup tastes similar to maple, but with more like a raisiny f type of complex to it. Oh, Interesting. I'm glad you asked this, because actually we have a syrup taste test to do.


I have No palate. We have They all, let's bring 'em in. We have, this is very exciting syrup here that we're gonna try syrup. This is fantastic. Now, I, I sent, yeah. So I had sent syrups for each of the three hums. Aw. So They can Each have syrup. Oh, look at that is, oh, This Looks like yager bombs. That is each, You know, Oh Wait, should I wait till we Do it? Yeah, yeah. Let's wait. Let's wait. Okay. Okay. Yeah. You can take us through this, Mike, what We're supposed to, oh, I see. Each one. I understand. We don't each get a plate. Each plate, yes. Each plate has, it is a different type. Move the plates to the middle. It's written. And so you have your birch, you have your maple.


What's that one right over there? This is p pure maple. Oh, man. That's a Maple walnut. There's, there's a pure maple, which is the traditional one, and then a maple walnut. Okay. That one's for Goly. I think what we're gonna do is I have, I have a, I just want have a few more questions before we start tasting, which is, I know when I was a kid, I was tasting what I thought was syrup, but it wasn't. Yes. It was the stuff that you get at the supermarket. Basically in the sixties and seventies, we were lied to. Yeah. What, what, what was I eating? Not, not just the sixties and seventies we're continually being lied to.


Like the vast majority of people in the US consume the fake stuff. The, You know, the Meyer and Mrs. Butterworth's log cabin and all that stuff. So Mrs. Butter shots fired. Mrs. Butterworth is a liar. Is what You're saying. Does she not even exist? Yes. Was she a real person? Is she miss, I saw Mrs. Butterworth move on a kitchen table. She's gotta be real, remember? Yeah. I always assume she was a very small person whose body was filled with syrup. Yeah. Next you're gonna say, You know, Eggo waffles aren't real Waffles. Okay. That's, let's not do that. I'm sorry. Okay. That's just slanderous. That's why saying there's no Santa Claus such A conspiracy Theorist. So, so anyway, that's just basically sugar.


And what, what is it? Well, it's corn syrup, high fructose corn syrup, and an artificial maple flavory and a bunch of preservers. What happened to this country? Yeah. This country was founded on something important and now we've lost our way. But you're gonna bring it back because you're talking about real syrups. Syrups that come. Well, Conan, I know you're, you, you're a huge history buff. Right? You Bet I am Civil war As well. It's not just civil war. Don't pigeonhole me. I know all histories. Oh. Oh no. God, I think he got mad at me when I said not when I said not just civil war. We lost his connection. We'll get it back. Don't worry. Oh, it's a matter of time. This is tough because I really want to drink these. You do. Soon they look so good.


Is there something that can be Dip? Let's start, start with the pure. I know. Let's stir, start with the pure make syrup. Should We Go ahead and do it? No, no. We're wait until he comes back. But we can at least distribute. Okay. If I had access to this much syrup, I'd take a bath in it. Oh, I don't think you would. That's too bad. We're not. I'm gonna keep that in. I'm gonna keep that in the podcast. We're Not recording. And We are still recording on. We're still rolling for sure. Still. Yeah. But this, this doesn't matter. The fan's gone, You know, but I'm gonna put that part in. This guy up in the northern reaches of New York, who gets syrup out of a tree. His computer went down big shot, his computer's made of balsa wood. It probably runs on sap. You know, there's, there's like a, a, a falcon.


What's that? What are you, I'm reading this thing. There's the, this is dark, robust maple syrup for Sona. Yeah. Since she's traditional and sweet. Oh, that's so nice. Oh, so these are each tailored to us Most normal syrup that we're gonna, We're gonna taste all of them, I think. So The first one is, is the pure maple. Can you read that again? Yours Is nutty, probably real nutty. Alright. Well listen, this gentleman is not with us at the moment. Can you hear us? I don't think so. He is not on yet. This, Well, I just think this gentleman who we're talking to Mike, who makes the maple syrup, his connection has gone down. Yeah. Because they don't think they have wifi yet in Lake Placid, New York. And that's gonna cost some the Olympics if they can't get it together. Yeah. How will people The map syrup luge without wifi?


Yeah. Yeah. There's no way to luge. You can't luge. It's a, it's a no luge situation. This Is a really Good, why am I laughing so hard at You're At that're laughing because the fumes from the syrup. It's stupid. He'll be back anytime now. And You know what? I don't know who sets these things up, but I'm sure they cheated. Is Eduardo the who tested the signal? It's a team effort. Team effort. I see. Well, that's a nice way to throw people under the bus. I didn't say Who is on the team. I said I'm part of the team. Okay. Don't worry about it. And listen, you won't be blamed. Aren Blair. I'm sorry. I'm really for okaying a connection that isn't there. Can't we send these people equipment? Is there a way to get, Oh, I just, I took a sip. Oh, you cheaters.


I know. You're Supposed to Taste ahead of time. I can't help. It can't. It's really good. You take a little, take a little. No, I play by the rules. Oh, He's the older sibling on Christmas morning that won't let us go look at our gifts. No, No. I remember those days. Teacher, you forgot to give us homework assignment. There he is. Hey, you're back. He's back. You're back. I'm back. Hey. And listen, Mike, I want you to know that I take responsibility for that system going down. And when I say I take responsibility, I mean, my bad team did it. I, I think you're gonna blame not Eduardo or Sona. Yeah. It's bla and Eduardo. We call them B Eduardo. Oh, wow. B Eduardo's a beast that screws everything up.


Although Sweet James billboards are everywhere. You know, everywhere I drive, I see This, I see them all over. They're everywhere. I've crashed into a few of them. They're hard to avoid. That's, and then I call Sweet James. Yeah. That works out. No, I, it sounds like I'm joking around and I probably am. But the work they do is pretty serious. When you're hurt in an accident, insurance companies that promise to protect you will try to deny your claim or pay you the least amount possible. We all know that. Yeah. Sweet James. Accident attorney is a world class law firm. With over 25 years of experience taking on billion dollar insurance companies on behalf of their injured clients and winning. They've recovered over $1.5 billion for injured accident victims with a 98% winning record. That's crazy. It's a high percent. I wish my name was Sweet James. My life would've been different. Sweet Conan. Yeah. Having the right attorney by your side after you've been hurt in a car, a truck or motorcycle accident can mean the difference between $2,000 and $2 million. Sweet. James have some of the best attorneys in the country. They've been awarded Best Attorneys in America. I mean, I've never won that award. Well, you're not an attorney. I know. That's probably the reason. Yeah. If you're hurt in an accident, call Sweet James at 809,000,809 million or visit sweet james.com.


What's the last thing you wanna do when you're sick? Last thing I wanna do is go to a pharmacy. It's true. Yeah. I mean, I would say the last thing I wanna do is compete in an Olympic event, but next to that, going to the pharmacy to pick up a prescription. I don't feel Well, you have to drag yourself there. Wait in line? Yeah. Yeah. We're not ready yet for you, sir. Oh, I don't feel well. Yeah, sir. Go faint over there. Not here. Amazon Pharmacy will deliver right to you fast. That's pronto. So you can get meds without congregating amongst the contagious order from the safety and security of your own abode. Healthcare just got less painful. Amazon Pharmacy,


FanDuel is giving all new customers a shot at $250 in bonus bets. If you first $5 bet wins, check it out From three pointers to steals to assist. FanDuel has so many ways to bet your favorite player props. Plus, after the game tips off, you can even combine live prop bets into a same game. Parlay for a chance to win big. I don't know what I'm talking about. Blade. Tell us why you like FanDuel. I love FanDuel Because it adds stakes to the game. It's not just the game. It's so much more when you're using FanDuel. So I say, let's go Detroit Pistons. Take me all the way, baby. Mm. Oh wow. Yeah. The pistons in my day. They were the bad boys, You know? Oh. And they still are. And You know what? With FanDuel, I hope they never change. Nice. Nobody can see I'm Making doing that. I'm making the money signs of my fingers and realize this is an audio ad. Yeah. It looked like you were milking two tiny cows. Okay. Anyway, just visit FanDuel dot com slash Conan to get in all the NBA play in tournament action. That's FanDuel dot com slash Conan for your shot at $250 in bonus bets. Make every moment more with FanDuel official sports betting partner of the NBA Must be 21 plus in present in select states for Kansas in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in present in DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Visit md gambling help.org In Maryland,


This message is brought to you by BetterHelp. You know, a lot of people say therapy costs a lot of money. But think about it. You're investing in your own mental health in your state of mind. So let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to $250 per session. That adds up fast. But with BetterHelp online therapy, you can save on average up to 50% per session. So it's really not that expensive. Yeah. With BetterHelp, you pay a flat fee for weekly sessions. That's saving you big on cost and on time. Now, therapy should be accessible. It should feel accessible. It shouldn't feel like a luxury. With online therapy, you get quality care at a price that makes sense. Your mental health is worth it. Now it's within reach with over 30,000 therapists. BetterHelp is the world's largest online therapy platform having served over 5 million people globally. That's a lot of people. That's a lot of people. Thanks. So, sorry I, that was my contribution to this. Wow. That's 5 million. I wasn't sure. 5 million people globally was a lot of people. Until you chimed in. It is. It is. I think you need some online therapy. It's convenient too. You can join a session with the click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life. Plus switch therapists at any time. That's a great convenience. Yeah. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash kona to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp. HEL p.com/ Conan.


Okay. Jesus. So we're about to taste the, what's is the first one we're tasting? Pure Maple syrup. Pure Map maple syrup, syrup. And tell us when was this harvested? What's the best time to get that maple surface? Is it the wind Cad on? Let's go. Well, actually, the best time is right. Is right now. All right, then we're let's we in the middle of we maple season. Let's taste it right now. Yes. No doubt about it. Yes. Mm Mm That's delicious. Good God. Mm. That is heaven. That is so Good. That is so good. The texture. Oh, Oh, oh my God. It's just like Mrs. Butterworth. There's something so wonderful about drinking out of a shot glass too. Well, again, that feeds into your alcoholism. It sure does. I can't take too much of it straight. It's wow, Sona.


I know. I don Dunno how you Do it a little bit. I just have a little taste with water. I'm a hummingbird. I will just drink nary. I just wanna, that's all I need. That is fantastic. That is, I mean, the taste, the texture. Well, because it's, it's not the fake stuff. Right. So the fake stuff is what people are used to. But when you get the real thing, it's, You know, that much better. Yeah. Once you've had, Hey, once I've had this, you can't go back. You know, I can't go back. I'm Gonna go home. And, well, you have, you have, you have two others to try. Con stuff. All right. What's the next one you want us to try? There's maple walnut, and then there's birch. Well, okay. Okay. So birch is much different than maple. Maple walnut is very similar to maple. It's just, let's do that next little.


Well, I, I, I, I can't talk about it because you guys are supposed to. Okay. Let's do maple. Are we supposed to clear Our palette? Like with some Oh yeah. Take a little water. Some water. Maybe just, just take a little sip of water. Oh Yeah. Okay. Sure. Yeah. Let's read the description here. Maple, walnut syrup. Matt syrup is made from the sap of maple and walnut trees. It's mostly sweet, but just a tad. Just a tad. But nutty and, Excuse Me. I'm just reading what he wrote In honor of Professor Gorley. Thank you, Mike. Oh, Conan, you go Screw. Go screw. Okay, here we go. Oh my. Oh, I really Like that. Oh my. I can taste the difference. I can taste the walnut. So good. Oh, That is so good. Oh God. I I love that you have the walnut, the walnutty.


It's got that just little nutty something. Yeah. Yeah. Nuts. That's for goly. 'cause everybody loves goly. Right? I Around. Who are you asking? Thank you. Thank You, Mike. Thank you. Bit chat. When you chat, were you chatting up a bear in the woods? An elk come by and say, I like goly. Oh, I'm so happy. Oh yeah. Oh my God. I really gotta say I love drinking myself there. That's just, It's staying in there. She's so thick. Yeah, she's thick. Okay. So, so can I, can I, she's look at Her goat. I just wanna, you're like a, you're, you're a monster. I'm so happy. This is just, you're not even drinking all of It. I can't, I can't take that much pure.


That's a lot of syrup. Yeah. It's, I can't do it. But you don't Need to drink at all. Yeah. I like to get little tastes, You know. No problem. You're the person that goes to the wine tasting and just drains the whole bottle. It's true. And they say, You know, you spit in this barrel and then you drink outta the barrel. Ah. Oh, this is smells very different. B Okay. Are you gonna read your It? So Conan, it's very different. And, and this one is definitely for you Conan. This is for Conan, since it's made from very tall white birch trees. Mm. Beautiful. And this syrup has a redish shoe. Beautiful. It is sweetened fruity. Mm. But slightly acidic with very unique flavors. That's, that is me. This is a good description of me. Oh man. I'm so happy. Is birch's syrup gonna catch on, do you think? I hope so.


If, if I have a great spokesperson. Someone doesn't like it. Nope. Oh no. Oh no. Oh My. No. This is me. Which You're not supposed to. You're not supposed to have. No, you're not supposed to have birch syrup on its own. So I was gonna try to like, no warn you that like people just don't drink birch syrup. Like you wouldn't just like, go on drink a balsamic vinegarette. You know what I mean? Oh, Okay. So, okay. So it's used in cooking. Like, it's not like something you pour on pancakes. You just like, Oh, take shots Up. I'm still Gonna drink it. When you have a little bit Of it. Why did you tell us that afterwards? Well, 'cause you cut me off and didn't let me say, You were so excited to drink yourself.


It was in Glasses that were presented to us in a tasting. So how did I fuck that up? That's It's tangy. Yeah, Tangy. It's, it's a, it's a common, it's a very common reaction. So, but when you have birch syrup on like salmon or pork or chicken, it is delicious. Oh, I could see that. It's how you use it. You have to, you have to use it in cooking. It's not something you would just drink. Like nobody would just drink. Like I said, balsamic vinegarette. Yeah. You'd have to pour it into cups instead a tasting and have it be the third thing you tasted for someone to accidentally drink it. It's Kind of accurate. 'cause you on your own, you're a lot. Yeah. But with me and Gorley That's Right.


See what's happening. We compliment you. And the salad. So the taste of Goly was fantastic. The taste of Sona was amazing. Yeah. And then when you two were quiet and we had a little bit of Conan bit much, it was repellent. Yeah. It was sour. Yes. Okay. It was, it was only supposed to be slightly acidic. Not, not fully acidic. I wouldn't say that acidic is the only issue. How's it selling the, the, the birch syrup? How's it, how's it going? The Conan one Actually. So yeah, the Conan one. Don't, Let's move, Let, let's, Let's, let's, let's move away from Get that on the bottle.


Get it on the bottle. Let's call it the Jordan. It is Jewish Landscape. Can, lemme do, lemme do a little favor here, pal. I'm, I'm, and I don't know much about business and such. I would put 99.9% of your business into the two maples, the walnut, maple, and the regular maple. I would try what? Would you have a facility where you make the birch? Yeah, we do. And, and, and Actually yeah. Blow it up. Actually. Blow it. Blow it up. No, I'm just saying just blow it up. We do so Big, big blow up. Blow blow it up. Explosion.


We do put most of our effort into maple. That is our number one thing. Good, good. Yes. But the birch sat runs after Maple. And we have a lot of customers that do actually appreciate birch for its unique flavors that use it in cooking. Okay. Lots of different chefs that use it. I Can imagine if you're grilling And then also base that On there. Mm. Oh, that'd be so good. I mean, no would come around Thing, just has it by itself. It's not just something you normally just drink. And then we also have a lot of people that buy it for just the sap as a beverage, because that's what's been used for centuries. People drinking birch. Sap in the springtime is like a spring tonic. It's, it's delicious.


Just as a sap right outta the tree. Is that where birch beer comes from? Birch beer. There's lots of different types of birch beer. But the birch beer that came out of America was actually the distillate of sweet birch or black bch in Pennsylvania. It has like an of oil of wintergreen that, that's grown in The trees. Yes, yes. Yes. And that's where they made the black, the, the, the birch beer from. Okay. Well it probably took us down in unproductive. I was gonna say, I've never heard of birch beer. Oh, birch beer is really pretty common. Okay. Yeah. No, it's out there. You've had birch. No. Is that a east coast thing? It must Be. Well, I don't drink much. Yeah. It's, it's a northeast thing. More when Conan was growing Up too. Yeah. When I was growing up. Every now and then my grandfather would pull up in his model T and say, let go get a birch beer.


And then on the way back we'd vote for Warren Harding for president. Oh. See out here, we just have beer. We just have beer. You nerd. Okay. Well, okay. Well I guess I'm the fool in this equation. Well, I mean, I, this is a, you have mostly a thriving business. I think mostly be wary of the birch syrup and, and put a warning on the label. Do not drink. Okay. Just put a warning on, on the birch syrup label that it's not to be, that's that's, You know, no one should drink it. Yes. Yes. Oh, You know what? Better yet, put my face on it. No one's gonna drink it. I think if we put your face on it, everybody would want to buy it. 'cause everybody looks No, we've tried that with other products. Oh yeah.


Really? Like we have a Conan fire extinguisher. And in fires people won't use it. We, we have a Conan Intubator and people that are dying won't use it. Anti Paul Newman. Okay. That's nice. You win this round summer. Conan's own Conan Own. The proceeds are stolen from Charity. Yeah. All, all my money is taken from kids camps. The ship is sinking quickly. Grab the life preservers. They're conan's own life preservers. I'd rather die. I choose to drone. Well, Mike, you're a good guy. You've got a nice business.


I envy you living up there in Lake Placid. Those are cold winters. But what a, what beautiful country. What a beautiful place to be from. Yes. And congratulations on the upcoming possible Olympics where people remain perfectly motionless and yet are given the highest prize possible Jesus in athletics. I think that's it. I think we're gonna, oh My God, it was a pleasure, Mike. Thank you. Yeah, we're gonna go make some, we're gonna go make some griddle cakes and, and pour two of these three syrups onto it and then afterwards not eat. That's a good, the and defibrillators. Yeah, exactly. Well, thank you very much, Mike. Take care. Bye. Okay, thank you. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs.


Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer, Aren Blair, associate talent producer, Jennifer Samples, associate producers, Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash Conan. Please rate, review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan wherever fine podcasts are down.


All set for your flight. Yep. I've got everything I need. Eye mask, neck pillow, T-Mobile headphones. Wait. T-Mobile, You bet free in-flight wifi. 15% off all Hilton Brands. I never go anywhere without T-Mobile. Same goes from a water bottle, chewing gum, nail clippers, passport. I'm gonna leave you to A find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel Qualifying plan required wifi were available on select US Airlines deposit and Hilton Owners membership required for 15%. Discount terms and conditions apply.


Substance use disorder and addiction is so isolating. And so as a black woman in recovery, hope must be loud. It grows louder when you ask for help and you're vulnerable. It is the thread that lets You know that no matter what happens, you will. Okay. When we learn the power of Hope, recovery is possible. Find out how@startwithhope.com. Brought To you by the National Council for Mental Wellbeing, shatterproof and the Ad Council.