
Sure. We got blue jeans, baseball, bald eagles. But come on, there's really nothing as American as the burger, right? Mm. And there's nothing more burger than the Sonic Smasher. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, this thing is made to order. Hand smashed Angus beef patties seared to perfection with those incredible crispy edges that make you want to start a slow clap. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. That kind of slow clap where you're like, yeah. Sonic, you brought the Sonic Smasher. Then there's the layered melty cheese, crinkle cut pickles and onions too, on top of it all. Oh, my mind splitting. Try the Sonic Smasher is a double, or why not? God forgive us all A triple Make the Sonic Smasher your next new favorite burger. Live Free Eat Sonic.


There's a lot to say when buying a new home or car, but only one thing to say that can help you protect them like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Hear me? I did. I heard you. And just like that, a State Farm agent will be there to help you choose the coverage you need. You just say that and they show up. They come jumping out of a shrub. Oh, cool. No matter where you are in life, when you need the coverage options, your State Farm agent is there to help on the phone or in person, like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Hey, Colonel O'Brien here. And we're doing something a little different today. I know this is usually a fan episode, but there are no more fans. They're all gone. It's been a while actually. Yeah, It's been a while. And we've actually used, who've been hiring people, a couple of people 10 times using different voices and mustaches, which is unnecessary when it's audio, but anyway. And women. Yeah. But anyway, the point is we wanted to do something a little different because I just had a, a very momentous moment in my career and we thought maybe we should talk about it. And there was some people asking questions.


Actually, no one was, I just wanna talk about it. No one felt It needed more discuss, I, I, I received the, the prestigious Mark Twain award prize. Yeah, that's right. It's a prize. I know. It's, it's, and we looked it up. Prize is six notches down from Award. Exactly. Oh, yeah. It comes in a Cracker Jacks box. But no, the Mark Twain prize, which they've been giving out for, I think 28 years or something like that. Yeah. Late nineties Of The previous century. Sure. That's so far not helpful at all. Sweeney. Okay. I'm joined by people who were there and participated. That would be Mike Sweeney and Sono of Sesion. Yeah. And I'll start by just saying that it was a huge honor.


I mean, that I'm not someone who usually gets worked up about awards and such, but the caliber of people that showed up for this event, Still me and Sona. No. Well, no, it's still, but it's still, no, I'm saying you guys aside, the lineup was incredible. It was awesome. It was A murderers Row. It was a murderers row of just the, some of the people I respect the most in, in comedy. And they came out and they were all hilarious and really funny. And I will set the table, which is that I didn't know what to expect. And as you can imagine, being the focus of being talked about and possibly complimented is the lowest rung of Dante's hell for me.


And For any Irishman. For any Irishman. And it was, I wasn't, I didn't know how to feel about it. And I was feeling very squirrely about the whole thing. And then I showed up and there was a, there's a dinner the night before, which in this case was CEED by Mike Sweeney, who was, and you feel free to jump on Mike anytime you want Adam Sachs. 'cause you were there as well. Wow. You seem thrilled. It looked like I just asked him, Hey, could, If you want to, you can swallow a cup of my mucus. Oh, that's how Adam will help kill time. That's how No, just as a, as a, you were an observer.


And It's like he was at the Hindenberg. Yeah. Yeah. He was there at Lakehurst. The Humanity. He said The humanity. The humanity. But there was Sweeney was awesome. Yes, yes. Was I I told you in the moment, Sweeney his. He's so funny. And so he has a nonchalance about his, the way that he works Yeah. Works. Yeah. But it just, but I think it, You know, put everybody at ease. He Was so, you were so funny. You, you came up, and it's a strange thing because we're all here the night before. There's some corporate tables from different companies that have, that have given money to the, to the Kennedy Center to help support the arts and have been doing so for many years.


And immediately you started to go after those tables, which was hilarious. I wanna set the stage, which is, this is how strange the night was the night before. The night before we all gather, there's a cocktail party, shaking hands, talking to different people. We sit down and I don't quite know what's gonna happen. And before the evening, just as the evening is starting, I feel something hit me between the shoulder blades. And I'm like, not hard, but something kind of thumped between my shoulder blades. And I'm like, did I imagine that? Was that really happening? And someone leaned over and said, David Letterman just threw a bread roll at you. And so I wheel around in my chair, and as you're getting started, or this proceedings are starting, I go over it to Dave, who's there with his beard and a, it's David fucking Letterman.


And, You know, who's such an iconic figure for all of us. And I go over and I just said, like, sir, did you throw a a bread roll at me, sir? And he looked at me in with mock hard. And he's like, well, no, I did not. And he pointed to someone at another table and he was, and then Sweeney took over. You were fantastic. Awesome. I hate hate co I hate complimenting you. I know. I, I love it. And you were really, really funny. You were really funny. I love complimenting. You. You, are you really funny. And it was nice too, because I didn't even realize that some of the people who were gonna be performing the next night, these big names were in the room. I didn't realize 'cause they showed up.


Oh, I did. They sat in the corner and I was terrified. Yeah. And, but people got up and spoke. My, my good friend Amy Lipman got up and gave, she was great and a beautiful speech. And she is so funny. But also one of the best writers I've ever known. And you went to school with her. So it was a nice perspective. She had a perspective on me. Yeah. Great. Knowing me when I was Yeah. She was not in a lampoon, but she lived across the street and she used to call the cops on us all the time. And that's how we became friends. Yeah. I used to sit and talk to her through an open window while she was working late on one of her beautiful, You know, stories or prize winning essays. And She co-created Party of Five.


Right. Which for my generation is a, You know, oh, is like a And Masters of Sex. Yeah. Yeah. And a million of, I mean, she, yeah. Yeah. She's a brilliant, incredible, brilliant, brilliant force and a great friend. And she was amazing. She gave a, I mean, one of the all time great speeches, and then I have to give it up. So many people got up and spoke. Jeff Ross. Jeff Ross very, did a very nice job. Very nice job. I've never heard Jeff say two consecutive sentences. It was crazy. And then he gave, in 30 years, that's the most in 30 years verbiage I've heard. And, and he gave a, a very nice speech. I have to say something, which is Sono Mosan takes the stage. And who's sitting in the crowd?


David Letterman, John Mullaney, Adam Sandler, just Sarah Silverman. Sarah Silverman, these heavyweights who are gonna be speaking the next night at the, at the thing, they, Sona gets up and she acts like, yeah, okay. Here goes. That's how she always is. That's how she, that's how she's, that's how you always are. And I, she's a superstar. I have marveled at this, which is that Sona, there's this scientific saying, right. That the minute you expose any particle to light, the minute you observe any particle or atom, you change it just by observing it, you change it. Right. There's one exception to that.


Son, ES son Esse, the time a guest didn't show up, this was Kumail. And, and Sona just, we told her at the last second, you're gonna be the guest. And we on the show slap some makeup on her. On this is on the old TBS show. And she came walking out. Yeah. Like she owned the place, miss sas, and proceeded to be an amazing guest. And then when the show was over, no, her no ego, no, her head wasn't swollen. She wasn't like, oh my God, I gotta call all my friends and tell them I'm on TV tonight. She's like, all right, I'm gonna go get go to get some in and out. Yeah. I see you guys later. You're just, I don't know who you are. You. Oh, Well there are no stakes, really. I mean, and also, I don't know If you felt this too, but that's one of the most nerve-wracking speeches though, just to talk to you about how much you mean to people.


That's a very awkward speech to Do. You didn't look, I, I mean, well, I'm at National. I knew you'd be Speech Champion, Which you mentioned in Your intro. I know. Thank you. I I you are an amazing, you just hit it. You're, you were Hilarious. Are you were great. Nice. I great in Old ways, guys. I'll say this. At the risk of being a human being, I love you both for being there. And just that night, the night before was so important. 'cause I realized, oh, I'm just laughing. And occasionally there's a kind word. I'll avoid that and I'll avoid eye contact. But mostly people were just being themselves and being really funny. And I just found myself laughing really hard.


Yeah, you were. And it meant a lot to me. My my, my brother, Luke and Justin were there. And Your kids were there. Liza was, there was really nice. Oh, it was turf. That I was never knowing that those comedians would be there. I know. Plus, so you knew Events. I had to say this. I, I wasn't sure if they were gonna T I Oh, I knew who Would be there. Oh. Idea who was gonna be there. I, I did. And I, I was like, okay, maybe, You know, maybe David Letterman won't really show up. And, You know, it's like, yeah, he is. He's sitting right there. Table 18 throwing bread Conone. I'm like, fuck no. And He did a really, he did a really funny thing, which was he was acknowledged at one.


I think you acknowledged him or someone said that. Oh my God. And David Letterman's here, and Dave, everyone else just kind of waved from their seat. He's, he stood like King Louis the 14. Yes. And was acknowledged the crowd and turned and then turned, acknowledged more crowd, and then did more sort of regal turns. And it was so funny really, that the applause continued. Yeah. And he refused to sit down for the longest time. And I was like, I gotta love that move. Yeah. That's a really funny move. And everyone was just, that night was very special. Put me in a good mood and made me feel like, Hey, maybe tomorrow will be okay. And then, oh, that's The next, can I just add real quick on that night before you Oh.


And all the, the fact that you were there didn't bother me at all. And One way or the other, Are you nervous? Sweeney, knowing I was in the audience? That's, that's, that's podcast. My stroke. Adam Ach. I was just gonna say that. Or it's Michaels. I can't tell which One. It's funny. That's why Sweeney was nervous. The Kennedy Center put up a, like, highlight clip on YouTube if people wanna watch it of the night before. I think If you, If you look on YouTube the night before Conan Twain, you'll find like a highlight reel. And, and I think, You know, they can see Sona. I don I, I'll say, I think just for some, from some background, there was some, obviously for the last couple of months with the new administration, there's been some controversial stuff going on with the Kennedy Center.


And there was a question of should I go, should I not go? And I, I felt like it was important to show up because first of all, we were brought in under the old regime and, and the people who brought me in are no longer there. But I thought we should honor their decision. And we went. And it was really lovely because so many of the young people that have been working at the Kennedy Center for years were delighted that we came. They don't know what their future is. I got to talk to a lot of them. And they're really, they're going through a lot right now.


And I had a great deal of empathy Yeah. For what's happening there. And it felt something about the situation added to the evening. Somehow it made it, oh wow. It sure did. It really made it feel like this is, and without being pompous, without just, it just felt like this is not a normal event. Something. And, and we all need to be on our toes and, and, and kind of be funny, but also bring some optimism, maybe bring some, I don't know. Yeah. It's not pompous at all. It was a very specific moment Yeah.


That this event occurred and that you had all these great comedians there and you had this change situation at the Kennedy Center that was so dramatic and was in the news all week. Yeah. I mean, dramatically in the news. And so, right. Yes. It's something that I, while, while feting you at the same time, everyone in their own way, You know, acknowledged what was going on. I Thought what was great is all so many comedians that came, I mean, the lineup's insane. Yeah. I mean, when you start a show with John Mullaney. Yeah. Yeah. Well, let's get this thing started. John Mullaney was so good. I was like, You know, as just thinking in terms of comedians in a show order.


Yeah. You're like, everyone has to follow, everyone was great. Yeah. But watching Malaney, you're like, whoa. I would not, if I was watching him and I knew I was in the OnDeck Circle or further down the line when I saw, when I saw Malaney, I'd be scared. Malaney was so funny that I left because I'm supposed to close the evening. Malaney was so funny Getting this award. Yeah. Malaney I ran and I was, I was halfway into an Uber when Sweeney tackled me and dragged me back There about, I was like, I can't follow that. That's Sean Mullaney. He was. But then, I mean Yeah. Everyone, everyone was great. I, I mean, the list of people of Will Ferrell and, I mean, I don't know if we're supposed to be talking about who it is or if it's, I think it's Out there.


Yeah. I mean, will Ferrell, just Tracy. Tracy Morgan. Oh, my. Sarah Silver, Sarah Silverman, g Nikki Glaser, Nick Glazer, Reggie Watts. Oh my god. Bill Gianni Burr. Oh my God. For male. And I, You know what's so funny is Bill Burr understands, 'cause we grew up in nearby towns Yeah. And we're made of the same stuff. Yeah. And Bill Burr just drilled into me, like, I'm gonna say a couple of nice things about Conan and he'll never look me in the eye again. He No, that was funny. You're gonna sit and I was just like, this is a guy who knows. Right, Right. How Horrifying this is. Right. But Andy Richter was there. Yeah. Did we say Stephen Colbert? Stephen Colbert. Oh my God. Col was amazing with Sean Evans. And, and Stephen Colbert came out and You Don did.


And I don't wanna give away too much. He pictures. Okay. Fuck you. Oh, okay. I'm sorry. Fuck you in your picture. Yes. Out there. You, you guys know that things are Documented. He came a, he did a, he did a hot once thing with, with with Sean Evans. That is absolutely fantastic. And I was, You know, I mean, I have such respect and admiration and a for everybody who, who showed up and You know, there's that part of you that feels like, oh no, people have to fly here. That's making me uncomfortable. Oh, that would make me, You know what I mean? Yes. Like you're an imposition. Yeah. It's an imposition and oh shit. And then everybody was so funny that I, that all melted away and there was, it was a happening.


And it was also really nice to talk to all of the people. I say young people, they're all different ages. But to me now, everyone's young who, who have worked so hard for so many years for the Kennedy Center and just really have, give, want to give their lives to the arts. And they're, Yeah. You gave them a shout out. And that was the biggest that got a standing ovation. Yeah, it did. Yeah. 'cause that was the whole audience was employees. No, yeah. No, that was, that was really nice moment. That Was great. It was very cool. It was nice of you to acknowledge that. Yeah. Well, I didn't want to because there's a lot of Oh, okay. Well there's no, there's a lot of uncertainty there Too.


Part, no, there's a lot of uncertainty. And we've, we've heard that a person or two that I spoke to that night is have lost their jobs since. Really? And this just happened. Yeah. And so it's a, it's a, you, you can feel sometimes shallow when you're trying to give encouragement to people who are in that situation. But I did want it to be a positive experience. And You Know, I I do think, and this might sound shallow too, but when you're younger and you lose a job, that is an incredible, I feel like everyone here has probably been fired. Or I talk about the Hollywood in my speech. What An experience For you. I, I start my speech with, Right?


Yes. With A period of unemployment and, and, and what it felt like. Right. And I know that that parts of what I said, I'm anxious for it to come out on, I guess it comes out on Netflix. I I think May 4th. May 4th. I Think I know May 4th. Yeah. Okay. What Did you think? I Thought it was April 4th. No, no. They, okay. No, they looked at the tape and everything was great. But this shit you did No, I, I was just sitting in the audience. No, I know. But even you in the audience and they're doing a lot of CGI and stuff. Oh no. I saw the camera near me. No. It looks like one of the skeleton warriors from Sin Back is sitting in the crowd.


That's A nice, that's a fun. No, it's, it frightened people. And a lot of kids can't watch now. Old smelly Egg in the Audience. They're like, look, there's a skeleton and he's gonna charge the stage. I think That's, anyway, a lot of work is being done. So now it's, it's been moved to May 4th. Are they adding flesh to me? Like are they reanimating me? Yes. And they're also not just flesh, Are they just, but living Flesh so that it looks like you're Still alive. Right, right, right. Because we've tried it adding flesh to you before using CGI and it just looks like you're a zombie. I Don't know why the word desiccated is always used to describe me. I, oh my God. You know, Listen, desiccated, it's my own fault. Because when I found you, that's, you were in a tomb. Yes. In Syria. You knew the deal and Yeah. I unwrapped you and I said, you'll, you'll be my head writer.


And You know the lest is history. That's right. I read all those. I just Said the is history. I was gonna say, I didn't wanna mention it, but I the heard you Say the LUT is history. Well, because I'm now, my head is so swollen with the Twain Prize. Ah, okay. Then it's hard for me to pronounce words. Oh Man.


I do a lot of traveling. Yeah, you do. You know that I do. The travel shows. Nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, is it T-Mobile customer? You can take the perks with you. That's good. Isn't that nice? It starts the moments you take off with free in-flight wifi. So you can stream your favorite show on the go. Obviously that would be this show I would think. Yeah. You, you go in a plane and then you stream your podcast. If I'm anxious about a flight, the thing that calms me is seeing myself. And then when you land T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands. Did You know that? No. Yep. Plus you're covered with five gigabytes, count 'em five of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with go 5G plus or next plans. And I have to tell you, it's a nice feeling when I travel the globe for my travel work, I like to know that when I land in that other country, I'm covered. I'm there. Yeah. I can text you and say, Hey, I got here safely. Yeah. I forgot to feed my cat. Could you feed my cat? Oh yeah. You could remind me. I don't have a cat. Right. It's all good stuff. Yeah. You FaceTimed me before from another country and it was crisp. She was Clear. Yep. You could see every mark on my face. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel qualifying plan required wifi where available on select US Airlines terms and conditions apply.


Hey Sona. Pretty recently I got together with a bunch of my chums. Yeah. Did you do guys I went to college with. We all played football together. Yeah. And don't laugh at that. That's real. Sorry. It was one of those, it was one of those little table games of football. It's actually a video game. A simulated football. And it was the eighties, so it wasn't a very good game. Anyway, it was a good time. And we got together. We had a good time. It's really nice to get together with people. And I gotta say from game nights to parties with friends or special anniversary, celebrating important occasions means more moments with the coolest people in your life. I wanna say cheers to 50 years of Miller Light, the greatest tasting light beer for people who love beer since 1975. Yeah. And now the perfect time to celebrate legendary stories with friends, family, and a great tasting light beer. You know what I call this, what I call it Miller Time. Oh, I came up with that. It's the 50th anniversary of Miller Lite. Can you believe it? I can't. It's the perfect beer for beer lovers. Doesn't fill you up. You always know what you're getting when you crack open a Miller Light. Yeah. It's crisp. It's crisp. Mm yum yum, yum, yum yum. You can have it with anything can with ice cream. You can have it with Corncob Soup. Doesn't matter. Miller Lite. Great. Taste 96 calories. Go to Miller lite.com/kona to find delivery options near you. Or you can pick up some Miller Lite pretty much anywhere they sell beer. Yeah. You know what time it is. Ding-dong. It's Miller Time. Celebrate responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories and 3.2 carbs for 12 ounces.


The best. B2B marketing gets wasted on the wrong people. This makes me nuts play. Yes. You know. Me too. Me too. Have you ever been served an ad that wasn't intended for you? All the time. You know, for a while I kept getting ads for expensive pots. And guess what? I don't cook. I have never cooked anything. I once tried to just boil some ramen and guess what happened? There was an explosion and three buildings were destroyed. My God. So when you wanna reach this, that was, that ad should never have gone to me for a special pot. It's a lot of buildings. Yeah. A lot of buildings went. And I had to flee the country for a while. When you wanna reach the right professionals use LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn has grown to a network of over 1 billion professionals. And that's where it stands apart from other ad buyers. Have they got a billion? I don't think so, buddy. Boy, you can target your buyers by job title, industry, company roles, seniority skills, company revenue, all the professionals you need to reach in one place. So do me a favor, stop wasting budget on the wrong audience. Come on. Get your head in the game. Start targeting the right professionals only on LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. So you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco derms and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.


This message is brought to you by BetterHelp. You know, a lot of people say therapy costs a lot of money. But think about it. You're investing in your own mental health in your state of mind. So let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from a hundred to $250 per session. That adds up fast. But with BetterHelp online therapy, you can save on average up to 50% per session. So it's really not that expensive. Yeah. With BetterHelp, you pay a flat fee for weekly sessions. That's saving you big on cost and on time. Now therapy should be accessible. It should feel accessible. It shouldn't feel like a luxury. With online therapy, you get quality care at a price that makes sense. Your mental health is worth it. Now it's within reach with over 30,000 therapists. BetterHelp is the world's largest online therapy platform having served over 5 million people globally. That's a lot of people. That's a lot of people. Thanks. So, sorry I, that was my contribution to this. Wow. 5 million. I wasn't sure. 5 million people globally was a lot of people. Until you chimed in. It is, It's, I think you need some online therapy. It's convenient too. You can join a session with the click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life. Plus switch therapists at any time. That's a great convenience. Yeah. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash kona to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp. HE p.com/conan.


Did we mention that it's for achievement and comedy and it's given at the Kennedy Senator Comedy? Did we mention Yeah, that's why I don't know if we mentioned what the Mark Twain price Was. No, no. It's for athletic ability. Oh, No, no, No, no opponent. Someone lied to you. Oh. And guess what? No, what it is, it's the Mark Twain price for the most. Riz no. Yes. Oh God, Yes. Yeah. For the most, no one person should Use The word. Don't make it negative that I, I know what Riz is and it says on the award, Twain thinks you got Riz, the Riz of the Year award. Riz someone like a new, a new today. You Know. And guess what? Can I say something else? Come. She was famous for ping a riverboat.


Oh no, we gotta stop. They just put The award away. You gotta take it. They're here to take it away because I said riverboat, They should take it. Oh no. They should take that first Award to be taken. Oh No second. Oh, edit out that May 4th announcement. It's, that's not Happening. No, now it's July 4th because they've gotta, oh Fuck. We got A skeleton in the audience. I'm making dad jokes about Riz. We're All going down the drain. Oh Man. Without giving anything away. I think that Will Forte also should get a shout Out. Oh my God. Well, will Forte. Yes. Will Forte is a surprise, but it's okay to talk about it. Right. He was, I had a notion for how I wanted the evening to end.


And there was, when I thought of it, I thought, there's only one person who can do it, which is Will Forte. And I did something I never do, which is I cold called him and I don't like to do that. But I cold called him and I said, I have an idea, but it means you flying to DC and only you can do it. And he was laughing really hard at the idea. And he said it, do it. And then I said, you have to pay for your own flight. Oh man. And you have to pay me $5,000. That's reasonable. Yeah. And you have to kiss my feet. No, he, he came and he, I mean he's Again, he's the Best Again. He's just so funny. And he can, I, I, I thought of this one idea and I thought, there's one person who can do it. And sure enough, and to the degree where if he had, if he had said, I'd love to do it, but I can't because I'm shooting my, You know, I've got a shooting set.


I'm in a movie. I'm doing this, I'm doing that. I would've done a different idea. 'cause he was the only person who could do it. So what, everything came together and triumph Was, that was your idea. Oh my God. Robert Smigel and Triumph. Robert Was great. Robert was hilarious. And he took you through the evening. And the fact that it was a, you're in the Kennedy Center and it's this very impressive environment. And that, and then Triumph. That's perfect for, and let's, and let's just try and remember, triumph is a rubber dog who speaks like an old Russian lady is, has a microphone and is leading us through the evening. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? It's supposed to be like, this is where Maria Callas gets her special medal.


But then There were a lot of old characters that came Made. Oh, well that's the other thing. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm not gonna give anything away, but there's a lot of, But You know, you could tease two old late night writer favorites. Yes, yes. Made appearances, memorable appearances. Yeah. Yeah. It was, I sent Robert a photo. I looked up at one point and it was just, all you could see was Triumph. Like watching the show sitting next to Will Ferrell watching the show. And it was just great. I sent photo of just try him watching the Show. Just so, and You know what's so funny is that when Robert is triumph over the, whatever, 25 years it's been since Triumph. 1998. 1998 something 97. But, but You know, in between takes of things, I'd be talking to Robert and the puppet would be on his hand and we'd be talking about, and sometimes Robert would be doing the puppet.


Yes. Yes. And I find myself talking to the puppet. Yes. And Robert's not wearing a mask or anything. You talk to Triumph. Yep. But the fact that is, if Triumph is sitting there just watching the event, he is And Will Ferrell's also watching and no one's like, I'm watching it. It's just the most natural thing in the world. Yep. They'll never be Oh my God. A dumber. I mean, there may not be a Twain Award again, but there I will. There even be one again. We don't know. He Gets it next year. Who knows. Yeah. I don know. And we could tease, David Letterman had was at the dinner throwing rolls at you and maybe he showed up for the big award night as well. We'll Never know until you see it. Until May 4th if it ever comes. Wait, yeah. Wait until the 4th of May.


It would've been the 4th of April. Except for Sweeney. May the fourth be with you. Oh, did you make May the fourth be with you? Yes, I did. Why don't you take a riverboat and find yourself a new job. Yay. Anyway, it was Co o brand has a pun. You, you mentioned the, your speech though I do think it already has hundreds of thousands of views up on YouTube. A one Of Excerpt of the speech, which I, You know, I will just say I thought was incredible. Yeah. And powerful. And in the moment, You know, I think I, I think people got chills. I did, You know, You know, watching this, hearing the speech in the moment. And I really suggest everyone go check it out. Well, Well, there's a, oh, go Ahead. Well, you were so distracted. Well, not distracted. You're consumed by doing the Oscars and then the Oscars were over and, and all this, they were planning travel show another travel show.


Yeah. We left the morning after the Twain Awards to Go to Austria To go Aus travel show to, to finish up Yes. The show that had been interrupted by stuff in my life. But I just wanna mention that, that then when you finally, the week before the Twain War Prize Twain Prize, you were like, whoa, this is coming up. You sat, you just, you wrote your whole speech. Every, every ask, every part of it was written by you. And it is fantastic job. Oh wow. Well done. Including the serious part, which is out already. Yeah. And is already been nominated for a Grammy spoken word, Grammy. But anyway, yes. You did a great job, Owen. You got nominated for best special effects.


Yeah. Incredible. Best Skeleton. How did they get a skeleton in the crowd Also? Andy was great at the Dinner. Andy was fantastic. The dinner and the show. Yes. Both. Both. Yes. Amazing job By Andy. He's, he had some great jokes. Yes. And he's, You know, it's, I get chills because Andy, the summer before the show started, I was in so much trouble. 'cause I knew I only have literally weeks. Right. To try and come up with a show that would replace David Betterman from scratch. Yes. Insane. And, and the minute I met Andy Richter, I thought, oh, I like this guy.


Yeah. And in the back of my mind, I thought it'd be cool if he was with me out there. So I wasn't alone. Yeah. And he so funny. Well, he reminds me of Sona in that he doesn't give a shit on. He Doesn't Yeah. Yeah. Which is unusual in a performer. No, no, no. To I interrupted you. I'm sorry. No, no, no. You were gonna say you loved having him. No, no. I, I I i That Andy is always Andy. Yes, Exactly. And it doesn't matter. You can in a beautiful way. He's always himself. Yes. He's true to himself all the time. And there's no, okay. I better gear up, get into Andy Richter character. Right, right. There's no such thing. Yeah. And the same with Sona. Yep. Sona doesn't give a shit about her performances or her work for me. Yeah. Look at me now on your podcast.


Who won that one? You know, you, you win all the time. You win at life all the time. But didn't it feel like a funeral kind of. Sorry. You know, doesn't it feel like we were eulogizing you in a way? Amy? Didn't Amy sort of reference that? Yeah, she said Amy, she did Say that. She said it felt like we were eulogizing you and kind of Did. Yeah. And I did have the strong urge to die afterwards. Oh, okay. Just 'cause it's like, whatcha are you gonna do now? You know? But then I realized, eh, it's on Netflix. People will see it. They'll forget. I need to get that next prize. But Sorry, there was only one American humorous. Apparently. Yeah. I'm sure if we lived, you lived in Britain, there's probably like a humorous award every three weeks.


We've only had one America. No, we've only had one. It's twain. Yeah. Who's the guy that created Garfield? Right, right, right. What's his Name? I don't even know. I don't Know. It would be so cool if I had this. I only know Charles Schultz. Is it? I don't know if anyone comes to, I was thinking Charles Chu, if they skip over Charles, they, what if they skip over Charles Schultz and they just give it to the Jim Davis. Yeah, Jim Davis. Davis, creator of Garfield. And it's the Davis. The Davis. He's Gonna get the Davis. Yeah. But you have to work in a plug for Garfield sell. It's a Bowl of lasagna. That's right. Yeah. Because that's what he liked to eat A bowl. You guys, no one eats lasagna out of a bowl. Wow. Who gonna, this was going so well. Hey, I thought that 20 minute bell was going off.


It went off All right. And right. Not when you Said riverboat. That's when it started going downhill. Also, some great fun video surprises during the show. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Some, Some people Really good video surprises. Yeah. Some Fans will enjoy Yes. Fans if there's still Conan fans out there. Right, right, right. After this self-congratulatory podcast episode. Well, No, I congratulated you. So that wasn't self That's True. That's True. But of course, I'm an employee and Yeah. And what are you gonna do? Value my paycheck? Yeah. I just wish I'd had more time to take it in. 'cause literally the next morning everybody had to scatter.


'cause everyone's busy. Right. And we, you and I jumped on a plane with Austria. With with Ross. And we took off for, and Jordan and Jordan for, for Austria. And then we just got back. So I'm still, and we're edit With this edit. This show's edit. It's due tomorrow to HBO Max. Yes. Yeah. So we're at it. It's insanity. Yes. There's a lot that's happening right now. That's a lot. But I am, I I am, I'm glad they recorded that evening because if there wasn't a recording of it, I wouldn't believe it. Mm. Right. That's how I feel about it. I kind of just wouldn't believe it. And my love, and thanks to everybody who, who came out, I mean, really busy people flew across the country to be there.


And I'll never forget it as long as I live. Wait, just forgot it. It's a very, very funny show. Yeah. And very sweet at the same time. Yeah. All right. Well, I think May 4th Netflix. Check it out. I think you will enjoy it. And next week in this regular time slot, we'll probably be back with a fan. Or maybe just me talking more about how I won a prize. They, they, they're casting more fans this week. So we'll have well more fake fans For you. We're paying people, his name's Conan. Yeah. Hey, Cronin, I loved your late night show. It's Conan and it's late night. I love you.


Doesn't even started in 2011. Yeah. You I love it. You're great. I love when you drive with people. Oh, and ing songs. No, that's Gordon, whatever. Fucking where's my money? All right. Peace out Tupac. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer, Aren Blair, associate talent producer, Jennifer Samples, associate producers Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan. Please rate review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan wherever fine podcasts are down. This episode is sponsored by E-Trade from Morgan Stanley. Dive into the market with E-Trade, easy to use tools, and now there's even more to love. Get access to Expert Insights from Morgan Stanley to help navigate the markets. Open an account and get up to a thousand dollars or more with a qualifying deposit. Learn more at E-Trade dot com terms and other fees apply. Investing involves risks. Morgan Stanley Smith Barney, LLC Member SIP E-Trade is a business of Morgan Stanley Oh nine cookie.


You can get a new box of cookies in as fast as an hour with Walmart Express delivery. Are you my guilty self-conscious? No. I'm the voice offering you promo code express for free delivery on your first order. Hey, Who ate my Cookies? You mean these cookies? Order now. Welcome to your Walmart promotion ballot for first express Delivery order. $50 minimum subject to availability restrictions apply.