
It is time to wake up. People stop accepting a life of rules and routines and instead choose fun. Yeah. Yeah. No one knows fun better than Sonic. And their new dollar 99 menu with five cravable items for just a dollar 99 each. Wow. Build a meal with sonic favorites like the Quarter Pounder double cheeseburger and chili cheese. Coney Hmm. Or new queso wraps in Bacon Ranch and Southwest Crunch. I'm sick of people being stuck in their routines. Yeah. Live free, eat Sonic, that's not included. See menu for details.


Snakes, zombies, public speaking. The list of fears is endless, but the real danger is in your hand when you're behind the wheel. Distracted driving is what's really scary and even deadly. Eyes forward. Don't drive Distracted. Brought to you by Nitsa and the ad council.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hi eda. Welcome to Conan O'Brien. Needs a fan. Hello, EDA. Hi. I am really excited to be here. How are you, EDA? I'm doing well. I'm doing super well. Where, where are you right now? It's really hot. Where are you? I'm in Los Angeles. Oh Yes. Well, then I can confirm. It really is hot. It is too hot. Yeah. I like your space that you're in that looks very cool and sort of inviting. Thank you. Where is this a special nook in your house, your apartment? What's going on? No, This is my bedroom. Oh, very cool. I like the lights you have hanging And.


it looks like you've got some cool I. don Dunno, doesn't that look like a, a place where you could meditate? Yeah. I like The organization. I love the lights. Yeah, I like that door. Thank you. Yeah. And you're, thank you. Yeah. You got a shout out for j Dilla Donuts going on your shirt. Yeah. I just wanted to repeat, that's so that maybe you get some free donuts. It's, what's that? It's an album. It's a hip hop Producer. That's a producer. Yeah. Oh. So it's a dead peace hip hop producer. And I. Thought I was gonna get you, ed, I thought I was getting you free donuts. And now I come across I know I the most out of touch old man ever. Oh. I wanna check out these j Della Donuts. I wonder if they have Coco.


You had no, Eduardo, you stepped in. Oh my God. And, And I'm not feeling well. Can I get a, a meeting with Dr. Dre? He also died in like the early two thousands, so. Well, I mean, he's not really like new. Okay. Listen, ed a Ed, what you're doing right now is piling ons. Very rude. We like it. Yeah. When, when other pack animals attack Conan, it's common for others. It's twisting the night. Yeah. You just jump in there. Tell us a little bit about yourself, EDA. Well, I am a trans woman. I work in a detox and a sober living that caters to the LGBT community.


And I'm from Oklahoma, but I moved to Tucson and then moved here. Okay. Yeah. Did, you get involved in all of this because you had your own struggles with addiction. Yes. Yes. So I have been trying to get sober for about six years. That's why I moved to Tucson. I went to a treatment center in Prescott, Arizona, in like Northern Arizona. And was planning on staying there for a three month program. And, I stayed there for two years because I left and was gonna go back to Oklahoma. But my friend who I met in treatment was like, I could get you a place to stay in Tucson if you want.


And. I was like, okay. All. right. I went to Tucson and was there for two years. How did the, your was that was your, you said six years. You seem really young. So how I am 26. Okay. So, so you've been working on this since you were 20? Trying to, since I was 19. Since you were 19. I have, I have a year and a half, almost a year and a half sober right now. Congratulations. Nice job. That is amazing. Thank you. I think that is. And, and do you mind sharing with us, what was it, the substances that you were, or substance that you were struggling with? So first I did, I mean, I started smoking weed when I was like 14. I did that, I hated it. Absolutely hated it.


Did it every day for seven years and hated every second of it. And then when I was like, maybe like when I was, when I was around 19, I, Oh, gotta get up and smoke this weed. What a strange thing to say. Did, you have a job. Job smoking weed. Yeah, I worked at the weed factory. I was the in weed inspector tester. Yeah. No, it was the weed tester. So no wishes, No I know I Would take that When I was in high school, I realized I was homeschooled And. it was really, really hard for me to fit in. I started high school in middle school. And. I realized pretty soon that people weren't gonna, people didn't like me for me, because I was super weird.


And I realized that if I did really outrageous things, people would want to be around me just 'cause I was entertaining. So it started with like, getting in trouble in school a lot and then doing drugs was like, seemed like a logical way to do that. So I didn't actually do drugs because I liked them Right. At first, I just did it because I could be like the weird druggie kid in High school. Right. In a, in a way it almost feels like it insulates you kind of. Yeah. Yeah. It was like, I just leaned into being weird because I was like, I'm gonna be weird either way. So it was like, if I'm doing it on purpose, then I have like a I can say it's intentional.


Yeah. And then what Did you, I'm guessing you graduated from weed to something else. Yep. So after that it was like opioids, like hydrocodone and Oxycontin Pharmaceuticals. Oh my God. And Xanax. I had a thing with Xanax for about two months. I did, I really, I 10 milligrams a day for two months, which if you know anything about Xanax is a lot. Two milligrams is the maximum prescribed dose. So I pretty much lost two months of my life. Mm. Just don't remember really much at all. And then I went from that to Oxycontin and then from that to heroin. Oh my God. And then from heroin to Fentanyl. Wow.


Fentanyl, And, I did fentanyl for Wow. About two years. And you've been, again, you said you've been clean for a year and a half. Yep. Off fentanyl. Yes, off fentanyl. That is incredibly, I mean, just what little I know is that that is and in a remarkable achievement. And so I'm really impressed. I'm really impressed. Thank you that you were able to do that because all I've heard is that it's, these opioids are a thousand times stronger than heroin. And that's a drug that people struggled with, you know, to, to get off of. So you should, yeah. You should really pat yourself on the back. Thank you.


I I will. Yeah. I, I, I can't 'cause I have a, a rot, a torn ro rotator cuff, so I just have to tell myself I'm great. Oh. But that is absolutely what an amazing achievement. And you know, anything I know about this, about addiction is that this is something you've gotta go at every day. Right? Yeah. This is, yeah. It's not just Welp, I took care of that and now I don't have to think about it again. This is something you, the commitment you have to make every day when you wake up. It is. Yeah. And I had to learn that like, the really hard way. It took six years and when I first started doing heroin, I was like, this is fun.


It's cool and edgy being like my, being like a rock star, but then I'm just gonna stop and, you know, it'll be fine. And little did I know, that's not really how addiction works. Yeah. And yeah. But honestly, I mean, I think, you know, there's no way to know. but I feel like I am a stronger, better person now for having overcome that than I would've been if I had never done it. So yeah. I'm grateful for the, I I mean, first of all, I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're alive. 'cause there are plenty of people that don't, do not survive that. And you seem like a remarkably cool, nice person.


So I'm just thrilled that you made it through that And I think it's for people listening, it's really important for them to know there are a lot of people out there struggling and who are struggling with addiction. And to be listening and think, Hey, wait a minute, EDA did this and maybe I can do this. Yeah. And you know, I'm, I'm just, I'm, I'm blown away by that. What it must, the resilience and, and struggle that it must take to, to get through this. It's very cool. Thank you. Yeah. I appreciate it. It was really hard today. You know, it's not like I, I go much longer periods of time where I don't think about it.


And I. Don't think about like using, but that's, that's risky in its own way because it, like you said, it is something that I have to like, maintain every day. And I'm kind of in a place, like, I've been talking to people recently about how I'm kind of in a place where I feel like I could get by for a couple months right now, like just on inertia and just like, stop doing everything that I do for my recovery. But it wouldn't last more than like a month or two. And the, with the way drugs are right now, like, I mean the last, the last like three outta the last four times I relapsed, I was narcaned 'cause I overdosed.


Oh my goodness. And then one of the most recent ones I did not get Narcan. And. I survived by a miracle. And I've actually been, I've been narcaned by homeless people on the street in Los Angeles on two non-consecutive o occasions. Oh my God. Why my life And I Just wanna Myself was saved by. I want to tell people that this, anyone who doesn't know, I'm sure most people do know, but it's, it's really incredible. There's this program now and I know that my kids have been educated in this too, through their schools. Like they're trying to get everyone to have Narcan on them because there are so many people that are succumbing, oh my God.


To these opioids that they want to train you in. How to use the Narcan if someone looks like they're ODing. And the fact that you are just lying in the street in Los Angeles. Yep. Yep. Oh My god. And They saved your life. Yeah. Saved My life.


Craving a snack. That's cool. Creamy, sweet, soft and pillowy. Are you? Yes I am. Oh, I've got good news for you. Then you've gotta try the number one mochi ice cream in the USA and guess what it's called? What? It's called my mochi. My mochi is premium ice cream wrapped in sweet dough. It's fantastic. I've always loved mochi. I love the combination of textures. You know, that there's that, there's that shell that, that doy sweet beautiful shell. And you bite gives a little resistance and then it lets you go. And then creamy deliciousness ice cream. My mochi makes the perfect midday or after dinner treat. Yeah. Between strawberry, mango, double chocolate and cookies and cream. What's your go-to mochi flavor, cookies and cream. All day. All day, all night. Yeah. You know, I gotta say I just love the, I'm the classic strawberry. Yeah, I really do. I just m yum, yum, yum. Feel joyfully chill with every bite of my mochi ice cream. Find my mochi ice cream at Target or visit my mochi.com. That's my MOCH i.com To locate a grocery store near you. Oh, you won't regret it.


This message is brought to you by Acorns. Acorns makes it easy to start automatically saving and investing for your future. You don't need a lot of money or expertise to invest with acorns. In fact, you can get started with just your spare change. Hmm. I started reading this. I had no idea what it was. I was Gonna ask you to Explain it. I'll tell you all about Acorns. Acorns recommends an expert built portfolio that fits you in your money goals. Then automatically invest your money for you. This is what I need. Yeah. Head to acorns.com/ Conan or download the Acorns app to start saving and investing for your future today. What could be wrong with that? Nothing. Also, I love the name Acorns. It reminds you of squirrels that hide acorns for the winner. Hey. Storing 'em up for a better time. That's Probably where they got the name, I'm gonna guess anyway. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns. Investing involves risk. Acorns advisors, LLC and SEC Registered investment advisors view important disclosures@acorns.com slash Conan.


Conan O'Brien needs a friend is brought to you by ADT. Lemme talk about ADT for a second please. ADT spends all of their seconds helping protect all of yours. That's a cool idea. 'cause a lot can happen in a second. True Did. you know that. That's true. That is True. Like one second your baby can't walk, then suddenly bang, they can walk. Except for me, I didn't walk till I was about nine. Oh yeah. We don't know what was wrong. Legs were fine. Apparently it was just a lack of will. You just Chose not to. Okay. No. One second. You're happily single. The next second you catch a glimpse of someone and well maybe you don't wanna be single anymore. That did happen to me. Oh, I know it did. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And then years later I met my wife. Oh, I love you baby. No, maybe one second. You have a business idea that seems like a pipe dream. And the next you have an LLC and a dream come true. Wow. This whole second thing is really something. Yeah. And when it comes to your home, one second, you feel safe. And the next, well even if something does happen, guess what? You can still feel safe thanks to ADT. After all, ADT is America's most trusted name in home security because when every second counts count on on ADT. Isn't that nice? I like that. I like how that all came around. Yeah. I was worried for a while. It wouldn't get to ADT. I mean, I think ADT should be, she the one worried about it. But. anyway. Visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT ASAP.


You know, if we're being honest, And I think we should be for a change. Sure. We lie a lot. but I think we should be honest. No one really knows what you do for work. Especially if you're in B2B. You know what that is? No, Please explain It to me. Business doing business with other businesses. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So fortunately LinkedIn has a network of professionals who get what you do and you can reach the right people who matter most to your company. Isn't that great? Yeah. LinkedIn has over 1 billion members. Good lord. That's a lot. They should have their own continent. LinkedIn has over 1 billion members on its platform, including 70 million decision makers. Since LinkedIn members are regularly updating their work history, you can precisely build a target audience by job title, industry, company, and more. This is fantastic. You can get to the people who exactly need to get to you. Yeah. You see what I'm saying? I like that. Yeah. Start reaching the right people for your, I'm gonna use this lingo again. B2B business with LinkedIn ads. You really get it? I'm gonna start a boy band and call him B2B business to business. Of course my age may hinder my boy band. Oh, you're in it. I thought in it you were. Oh, I thought you were like the Simon Cowell and you were gonna No. Oh, okay. It's a bunch of like 16-year-old young men and then me, And I just keep falling. It gets even better. 'cause LinkedIn will give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco to claim your credit. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions supply LinkedIn the place to be, to be.


Do you ever wonder, and this is really getting deep and we don't have to go there, but it's clear later on, and I'm sure this is a big part of recovery, is trying to figure out when people use, it's to maybe not deal with something or hide from some kind of pain. And you talked about feeling like an outsider growing up. Do you think that's the kind of, yeah. Was that what this was about, do you think was trying to avoid or is that just too easy? Is that, is that too easy to say? That Is often the case. That is very often the case. I think like with the opioid epidemic, there's been more people who just get prescribed them.


Right. 'cause of the sports injury. Yep. And then, but for the most part, like the people that I know it is and because I, so I work in a, like I said, in a treatment center that caters to the LGBT community and it's very, very bad in, in the LGBT community. Why is that, do you think? The discrimination for sure. Yeah. There's a lot of LGBT homeless people and homelessness often either drug addiction can lead to homelessness or vice versa. So that's a big thing. And then also there's a lot of meth use in the LGBT community, which I was really surprised when I came here because like Oklahoma, I thought of meth as being kind of like the hillbilly drug.


But here and a lot of places, because sex is so, is often like a very heavy thing for LGBT people because of like discrimination and meth is a very, very strong aphrodisiac. So I've talked to a lot of, particularly gay men who say they were unable to feel comfortable having sex until they started doing meth. So that's caused a lot of pain in the LGBT community. That's I had, I had That's fascinating. I mean, I had no idea that's, I mean it's, it's sad to think of so many people who are so unhappy, you know, and you talk about, and you talk about when you were a, a kid feeling like you were an outsider, you know?


Yeah. Feeling like you didn't, I mean, to be honest, it's, it's very hard to get through early adolescence and adolescents without feeling like, actually I think Sona you probably felt, I always think of Sona as someone who always probably felt pretty cool. I know. I definitely felt I did I know, but I, but I, I did not. I I think it's probably no surprise I've, I've built my entire comedic career on letting people know that I was quite, I just didn't know how I fit into the whole puzzle for a long time. And so that's, and like I say, everyone has that in different degrees, but that's, that's really where, I don't know I can, I can very much relate to people that are just trying to figure that out and feeling, you know, like an outsider.


Yeah. It's hard. And for me, like I, like I said, I was homeschooled, so starting school in sixth grade was really hard in public school. I went to like an art school, so it wasn't as bad as it could have been, but it was really hard. And then adding onto that, my gender and being a trans girl who didn't, I didn't really know that I was And I. Didn't know why I like, didn't feel okay with myself until I was like much older. So yeah, like, I mean, like I said, it, it started as just like a way to get people to think I was like crazy and like cool But it pretty quickly turned, especially when I started using like stronger substances, it pretty quickly turned into like, wow, I feel comfortable for the first time ever in my life.


Yeah. And it's a, it's a powerful thing. Yep. That's, yeah. What do you, what's your day today then? What are you gonna, are, are you say that you're working at a treatment? Is it a, is it a residential treatment facility? Yeah, it's a detox center and residential. Okay. So, So what's your day whatcha gonna be doing today? Well, today I am going to be playing a shit ton of video games. 'cause I'm off I do today off this. But Are you Gonna have Tomorrow of donuts? Yeah. Yeah. I just think you know this. I really admired you at a, up until you said that And I was like, no, I'm kidding.


That's, you're doing exactly what my son, I, I admire her, what my son would be doing. My son, anytime there's downtime is like, well, I'm gonna, I'll I'll see you in nine hours. Yeah. I've got some games to play. So, so you'll be playing a lot of video games today? Yeah. Okay. But tomorrow I will be working and it's a, it's a, it's a great job. It's really intense. I I do rounds. That's like the biggest part of my job. I have to know and write down exactly where all of the clients are at. Every 15 minutes for the first 24 hours.


Then every 30 minutes, oh my God. Every hour for residential clients, 30 minutes for detox. So I have to walk around and write it down. It's not that hard because it's a really small facility. It's just a house and there's only six clients max. So it's not too bad. But it's very important that I do it because it's a state regulation. And if I'm even a minute late, that could be like a ding against the center. So it's a lot of responsibility. And then besides that, I just, like, I tidy up, I make sure everybody gets up on time and go to groups.


Not go to groups, but make sure everybody goes to groups except me. And Then they can hear you. Then I go home, hear you playing video games in the next room, but get in there and hash this out. What kind of video games are you guys picturing right now? Hey, I'm the guy that with donuts was an actual donuts place. These are like a shit invaders. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sorry. Welcome to cor. You have found the Gole stone? Is that what you wanted to hear? Yeah, I'm sorry. I were they, are they playing pong in your mind? I mean, like, Man, I Wish.


Do you Think she's just sort of like sitting there playing Atari games? Yeah, I don't know. don don't know. Okay. Eda, you're much cooler than I will ever be, so I should just stop talking because you seem to know what's going on. Pew, pew, pew. Well, thank you Edda. I'm I know. It's, it's a weird thing to say 'cause I don't know you, but I'm, I'm proud of you. I really am. I think you've, your journey when you just describe, I mean, coming from Oklahoma and just, just your, what you've managed to overcome and all the work you've done, finding your way is incredibly impressive.


And you have, you have shown an incredible amount of resilience and strength and courage and you should be very, very proud of yourself. Yeah. It's very cool. Thank you. I appreciate that. I am, I mean, I, I think the community and the program that I work, I owe that a lot of credit. but I also, you know, couldn't have done it without me. Yeah. You know, I had to be, I had to do a lot of work. Yeah. And I had to do, you know, I had to be willing. So thank you. I am really proud of my what I've, where I've gotten. Well have any, have an amazing day. Yeah. Have a really good day. Enjoy playing Pong Space Invaders, asteroids, asteroids, Ms.


Pacman, which is I think the latest game to come out. And I'm gonna do my best to try and make it at least into the early two thousands in my education about video games. So Cool. So cool to meet you, EDA. Thank you. Really, really, really excited to meet you too. All. right. You take care. Bye-Bye. Thank you. Thanks. bye-Bye. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sono of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sacks, Nick Leal and Jeff Ross at Team Coco and Colin Anderson and Cody Fisher at Earwolf Theme song by the White Stripes, incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino.


Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer Samples Engineering by Eduardo Perez. Additional production support by Mars Melnick, talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Khan. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan? Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded, This has been A Team Coco production in association with


ew. Want the same expert advice you get from the pros in the store while shopping online@discounttire.com? Meet Treadwell, your personal online tire guide that matches you with the perfect tire for your vehicle. Get your best match in one minute or less. With Treadwell by Discount Tire, let's get you taken care of


Walmart plus members. Save on meeting up with friends, save on having them over for dinner with free delivery with no hidden fees or markups. That's groceries plus napkins, plus that vegetable chopper to make things a bit easier. Plus members save on gas to go meet them in their neck of the woods. Plus, when you're ready for the ultimate sign of friendship, start a show together with your included Paramount plus subscription, Walmart Plus member save on this plus so much more. Start a 30 day free trial@walmartplus.com. Paramount plus essential plan, only separate registration required. CU Walmart plus terms and conditions.