
This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apple Card is everything a credit card should be. It's easy to manage. Built to be secure, and gives users up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase. The best part about Apple Card is applying as quick and easy, applying the wallet app on iPhone and see your credit limit offer in minutes. Subject to credit approval. Apple Card by Goldman Sachs. Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC. Terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


If you work in quality control at a candy factory, You know strict safety regulations come with the job. It's why you partner with Grainger. Grainger helps you find the high quality and compliant products your business needs to inspect, detect and help correct issues. And the sweetest part is everyone gets a product that's as safe to eat as it is delicious. Call one 800 Grainger, click Grainger dot com. Or just stop by Grainger for the ones who get it done.


Hi, my name is Danny McBride and I feel very righteous about being yes, O'Brien's Friend. Nice. Nice. And a little plug for the series. Righteous Gemstones. I like it. Yes. That's very well done. Thought Out. Back to School Ring Bell. Hey there. Welcome to Colonel O'Brien.


Needs a friend joined here customarily by Sodom of Sian. Matt Corley. Good to see you both. Hi. Good to see you. Very excited about our guest today. Normally we don't talk about the guest in this part of the segment, but we just taped Yeah. With the guest Danny McBride and Danny McBride. I'm walking him out. We had a great time. It's really fun interview. I love this interview. And we've been wanting to get him for a long time. Yeah. And we're walking out on the way out he went, Hey man, I got a gift for you that I brought for you, and I didn't know what it was gonna be. And he's fishing around his pocket and he takes out what looks at first, like a very expensive pen. And then he said, it's a dick light. And it's a light that shines a penis.


What? Onto things. What? It shines a penis, I believe onto Oh, I see it. Yeah. Yeah. It's a little guy. Yeah. I've had girls say that to me. What? Oh, I see it. There it is. Do you, do you wanna try shining it on the wall so we can Well, I don't think it's, but does it not turn off? It's, yeah, there it is. Yeah. Oh, oh a dick. Where? Right there on the, on the door. I see. It's right there. I don't see it. I don't see the dick. Oh, there it's, yes. Yay. There's never been more call for her. That's what she said. But I'll leave it at that. There. There you go. Oh my God. So anyway, this is, is what Danny McBride gave me. At first, I thought he was giving me a Mon Blanc pen, You know? And I thought, oh, I can't accept this, but this is what he brought me.


And I can, I can now shine a cartoon penis on anything at any time. What are you gonna Do with that? What are your plans? Well, I'm going to the opera tonight downtown, and I'm going to make sure that there's a penis head on. That's A cute little dick. I thought it was a vape pen. Yeah. I, I didn't know what to expect. I didn't expect this. I thought it was a dick pen. Yeah. Ah, that's cute. Yeah. Not since Johnson biographer Robert Carroll. Have I been given a dick pen by guest. This is nice. You can use it for drunken frat parties when you don't want to leave like permanent sharpie on somebody's face, You know? You know, it's nice. It's considerate. Yeah. Yeah. You don't want to draw.


And also the time that goes into here, you, you play with it. Thank You. You too. And drunken frat parties. Let Me just ask. Oh, seriously. Isn't that nice a guest, Danny McBride brought a gift and it is the kind of gift that a lot of his characters would probably have in their pocket. Yeah. Sorry, this just recalled and you can cut this part, but I just remember not too long ago, Jamie Fox got into a fight because I guess he was at a dinner somewhere publicly, and somebody from upstairs was shining one of these pins. You can, why would you edit that Out? I don't know if we want to put that Eduardo business out there, but What are you talking about? That's, I just, that's a fine. Someone was shining a like, well, 'cause it is like a laser pointer. The, the headline is, and this is from TMZ, it's a Jamie Fox laser penis pointer sparked dinner altercation beef with jackass crew.


Oh. Oh. So Jamie Fox is somewhere and the jackass crew is above him, right. At a separate area of the bar restaurant still at it. And they're shining a, a penis light so that a penis shows up on Jamie Fox. He becomes enraged Mr. Chow in Beverly Hills. Oh, that's a, wow. You know, that's a fancy restaurant. And if I go to Mr. Chow's in Beverly Hills, which I don't, I'm not allowed in 'cause of my own dick light incident several years ago. No. But if I went there and someone was doing that to me, I mean, that's the last place I would think that would happen. But anyway, it's A laser pointer though. It's laser, it's not really a flashlight, it's a No no, it's a laser pointer. Yeah. But when, when deployed, it makes this, I guess, very cartoonish looking male genitalia.


Yeah. And then you can shine it on people. That's pretty good. All that To say, be careful officer. You're gonna get your ass beat. Yeah. What do you Mean? What's that? What do you say all that To say? Just be careful where you point that, because What happens if, is that considered an insult? Because Some people It Depends. Yeah, it depends. It could also be an invitation, You know, like, Hey, see you from across the room. Click clack. You know, like, Or it's like you're going to be shot with a dick sniper gun. You know what I mean? Oh, right. There's a sniper who's, who's gonna fire a dildo at you. Yeah. From like a Skyscraper. It's gonna be the way Yeah, exactly. It's the aiming mechanism for a dildo. A dildo go a Dildo gun. Okay. Sure. D gun. Anyway, it's a gift. Guests don't often bring a gift and I, I appreciate this.


And it's, yeah, We can count on one hand. Jimmy Kimmel brought barbecue, right? Randall Park brought like cheap liquor store whiskey. Dude, No, wait a minute. What The fuck was that? And he brought cool. And he brought, he also, Hey, He also, that was part of its charm. He went to the liquor store and got like snacks and cheap. Okay, Well maybe present. It wasn't judging him. Maybe present it a little better the next time. He also brought a drawing he did of me in a nice little frame. Yeah. Which is one of the worst drawings of me I've ever seen. It was Terrible. Beastie Boys brought Fruit Tarts. I didn't know that. Yeah. Bill Eilish and PHUs sent a bunch of milks afterwards. That's right. Different kinds of milks. Every kind of milk, Every kind of milks. Kayley Foco sent us little equestrian mugs was nice with candies in them.


And she Sent it to the two of us. Like, why didn't I get a dick Laser pointer. Yeah. Well I think it's probably, You know, not PC for you get a dick, you get A vagina one. Yeah. Oh, those are, yeah. Jesus. Those are, and those are harder to find. That's Because they're hotter tickets. Nobody wants that. Nobody wants that. So yeah, no, it's, it happens every now and then. A Oh no. And Arnold Schwarzenegger, he brought, remember he gave me 65 acres of land in Austria. What? Yeah. What? Yeah. This is for you. It's land in Austria. I hope you enjoy it.


Remember that. It's Beau and I've seen it. It's beautiful. 65 acres up in the, the, the Alps. It's incredible. That's nice. Yeah. It's amazing. Lucky. Yeah. Well it's, I mean, but I, You know what I say that Danny McBride, Dick Lighter 50 50. Yeah. Oh, Chris Martin gave you a, a, a little guitar. Oh, Chris Martin. Yes, he did. And Honey. And Honey as well. Yes. For, for Lizza. That Dakota. That was for, for Lizza. That's right, Honey. That's right. That's right. He gave me a like it's almost mandolin sized. Tiny little guitar. Guitar. And he wrote, he wrote on it. And I play that at home. Yeah. It's really nice. It's got a nice bright tone. That's right. And you weren't there for that. No, no, no. That's the one that I, where I went to Chris Martin.


I know. Lovely fellow by the way. I bet he is. Well we wouldn't know. Wouldn't know. No, no idea. We didn't get anything. Yeah. That's kinda the way it should be. He also bought us lunch. Oh Fuck you. Yeah. Sorry. Sorry. Jesus. Was it just a big pot of honey? No, they're delicious sandwiches and cookies. Ugh. Okay. And we all ate there in the sunshine. And he gave us pins. Y'all gave us little love pins. Oh nice. Oh, that's true. Yeah. How's The cult going? He gave us a lot of cool stuff. Yeah. Then he gave us robes to wear. Yeah. He gave us those. Amazing. And then he told us that Yeah, we had to live in a certain compound for A while. Yeah. It was amazing. Chris Martin compound. Julia Louisie Dreyfus deviled eggs. No, I just made that up. Now I'm making them up. That's a funny makeup.


I like those. Make some up. Michelle. Excuse me. Michelle Obama gave me scrimshaw. She gave me scrimshaw that she had made of a three masted schooner on a whales tooth. Which is Pretty cool. Okay. So that was fun. It was a really nice one to have. We've stopped talking in hopes that you'll move it along. Yeah, Yeah. I'm just gonna pretend I'm looking for something just, I might need a tissue. Yeah. Al Pacino gave me a grill for my teeth. It says Thug Life on it. Remember that? And then he took me to the dentist and the dentist put it on. He went with you to the dentist. That's so nice. He, You gotta go to the I What is this impression?


That was him. He was melting. He was, I didn't realize he was made of ice cream. Oh my god. My guest today. We should get into it. Right. My guest today, as You know, is a hilarious writer, producer, and actor. Also a very generous man. And he's, the force behind such shows is Eastbound and Down Vice Principles and the Righteous Gemstones, which is currently airing its fourth season on Max. And this is a man we've wanted to talk to for a while. Yeah. I've met him before. Of course. 'cause I travel in those waters. Oh, celebrity waters. But you guys, everyone here has been so jazzed. Danny McBride, welcome.


You know, I have to start, this is the most obvious place to start, but I have to start with how I met you, which is one of my favorite things ever. Back in 2006. You're a complete unknown and you make this movie called The Foot Fist Way. And I think I get a call from Will Ferrell who's just saying like, this guy's really hilarious. You have to have him on the show because Adam McKay and Ferrell had seen the film and they were giving it a big boost. And you gotta have Danny on the show. So we booked you on the show and your concept was to come out as Fred, what's his last name? Fred Simmons. Yeah, Fred Simmons. That's right. And we used to love to do shit like this on late night. We didn't tell the audience anything. And they don't know, you couldn't do this now 'cause you're Danny McBride, but they didn't know who you were.


The movie was just about to come out. You're a complete unknown. So you come, I just announced you and you are you. We talked about it and you said, I want this announced as like, this is just the real deal. We have a guy here and he's gonna give a karate, a karate demonstration. Demonstration. And he works with these kids. And you brought these kids out. Yeah. And I'm sure you can see this on YouTube or wherever. And you come out and you, what you have to remember when you watch this clip is everyone in the audience thinks I'm totally dead serious about it. I never give up. That this is, and you come out and you start trying to get the kids to break boards and do stuff. And when it, it's not going your way, you start yelling at 'em and getting really mad at them.


And the kids look a little upset. And I'm looking at the crowd and the crowd is horrified. And it's great. It's one of my favorite things. One of my favorite memories of a almost 30 year late night career is you out there going, come on, try to get over here. Where are you going? And you're shouting at them. It's not going well. And I think it ends with some of the kids getting upset and running away. Yep. Yep. And then you get mad and, and you run away. And I'll never forget, I'm standing there in Studio six A, which is where we, where Letterman had his late night show and I had my late night show and you had just run away and everyone's run away.


I say I, I played the part of looking kind of like a confused, upset host. And I just went, okay, I guess we'll figure this out and we'll, we'll be right back. Go to commercial and, and Max and the band start to play. And these two guys who are about 19 or 20 years old are sitting right near the front row and they go like, Kona, what the fuck? And I went, guys, I don't know. I don know. I didn't even tell them 'cause I thought that's breaking the rule. I didn't say to them breaking, Breaking the illusion. So we did that. And then you do foot fist way and then you go on to all this crazy success and well deserved by the way.


But eastbound down vice principals, righteous gemstones, movies, everybody knows and loves Danny McBride. And I'm thinking, there's something I really love about that moment in time when no one knew you and you're being a total asshole. I often wish I could go back and do it again. That was, that was the first time I had ever even done press. Like I had never even had an interview before. I'd obviously never been on a late night show. And I remember I couldn't eat for like two days before we did it. I was so nervous about what we were doing. And it was so much fun. And you're right, you played along. Oh, you have to. And it felt like we were, we were really offending people and upsetting people.


I think after I was on, I, we looked online and there were, people were mad about it. They were like, they should take his school away. He shouldn't be allowed to be around children. He shouldn't be allowed to be around kids. And the kids were good. The kids didn't let on at all. Not at all. And it was perfect because it was kind of this mini scandal. Like this guy lost it on Kids on Conan's show. It just made me so happy. And I remembered thinking like a lot of people. And then I saw a foot fist way and the foot fist way. And it's a really funny movie. You mine a similar area in all your different characters where you're not particularly good at something or legit, but you have this fervent belief in yourself.


Oh yeah. So you're not good at, you're trying to build up this school, you're trying to teach martial arts. But there's one film, there's one part in the movie that set everything apart from me, which is the, you're trying to show in the movie who this character is. At one point, I dunno if it's your, I think it's your wife comes home or your girlfriend, she comes home and you wanna play a prank on her. And I'll never forget this. It's, and I have not gone back and looked at this since, so I'm probably misrepresenting a little bit. But your idea of a prank is you jump out with a knife and you go, ah, take that. And she goes, ha. And then, and then you just go, ah, just to prank, fuck you.


And I'm like, who says? And I remember watching it, and this is back in 2006, so I'm sure I had like a DVD or they gave me or something, You know, there was no, today they'd send me a link to watch the film, You know, but not a special. Yeah. But whatever, I got a brick of some kind and fed it into a machine that doesn't exist anymore. And when you jumped out and did this, it's, that's not a prank. No. First of all. But then when your response, when the prank is you, you do it and then you go, ah, fuck you. And I was just, I, it blew my mind. And I was like, I gotta know, I've gotta know this Danny McBride, who is this? Danny McBride. I think it's funny to play characters who have terrible senses of humor that Yeah, yeah.


No, it's, that's why I was so, so jazzed about you coming on the podcast. Is I, I thought I've encountered you many times in life, but we've never really had a chance to have a conversation. And I'm such a big fan of yours. And I just want to know, how does a Danny McBride happen? You know, I mean, I, first of all, I know that you grew up in Georgia and rural Virginia, and you've described yourself as kind of a latchkey kid. Yes, yes. So you're, what are you doing? Are you got a lot of alone time? You know, I was born in Georgia and then I actually like lived in Lompoc, California for a little bit, my really young, my dad was a guard at the prison there.


And so I lived on the prison reservation Oh my God. Where all the other, wow. All the other families of people who were working in the prison lived, we were there I think for maybe about four years. And it was kind of, it was crazy. It definitely was, was a, was a nutty place to live in the backyard of a Were you scared Ever? No. You just, You Know, the only time I ever really thought about it was, there was one night I can remember that there was the, the sirens went off at the prison and my dad came in and made my sister and I like go into their room and we had to shut the door. And I'm like looking out the window and he is getting a shotgun and like jumping into the back of a pickup truck with all my friends' dads, like, there was had been a jailbreak and they were like going out to go by on him down, I guess.


Yeah. But he had got transferred to the Federal Bureau of prison in DC after that. So then we moved to Virginia and then kind of grew up there for the rest of it. Yeah. And you say you spent a lot of time in south in the south and you've sort of said that you didn't feel like you quite fit in with what some people would call redneck culture or whatever. Yeah, I think, You know, my mom was from Pennsylvania and so even like when we moved to a place like Northern Virginia, it's like, that's everyone, You know, it's not necessarily just like only southern culture there. That was everybody moving there who worked in DC and it's a mix. Yeah, it's a mix. Yeah. And so when you would meet, when I would meet kids with like really thick southern accents, I was always like just amazed and tickled and liked it and would try to imitate them and, and try to act like I belong.


But yeah, I just grew up, You know, living there, parents both working, that was like the, the beginning of cable TV and video stores. And so I just, I loved all that stuff. I was just like, I wasn't into sports, wasn't into anything like that. I just really loved movies and TV and You know, and just was obsessed with it. You Would find friends that were into the same stuff, which is usually what happens. Yeah. And then and there. And it was very few, You know, I, I had only like a handful of buddies who were into that stuff. I would try to make movies in my backyard with kids and, and then I went to the North Carolina School of the Arts and for film school. And that's where I met honestly, all the guys I still work with to this day, Jody Hill, Jody Hill, David Green, Richard Ry, our production designer or music supervisor.


There's like, You know, it's people who I met when I was 18 years old and we're guys who couldn't afford to go to NYU or USC. We're going to like this little state like run school that is just beginning to have a film program. And I don't know, we always just felt like outsiders there. Like we're learning to make movies in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. It wasn't like we were so far outside the bubble. I don't know. I think it instilled in us this idea that we should all like, stick together and help each other out because we were kind of living on an island so far away from all the resources that other people had. And then we just kind of kept that up through our careers. This Caught my eye. One interview said, I realized I didn't look good in a pickup truck or like a big four wheel drive truck like that wasn't you.


It Was, it wasn't me. But then it was funny, like, You know, you just, because we're, I'm from the south then, You know, we lean in with something like Kenny Powers. I think it, that was the perception was that, but it was sort of like, that was sort of my love letter to all the assholes that I had grown up with. You're so good at being an asshole. You're so good at being an asshole. And this is something I want to connect with you on because, and this is gonna get tricky 'cause my team is gonna weigh in on my part of this, but I think I love being a bad guy. I don't think I am. This is gonna get tricky. I think in my core, I, when, when do we get to chime in?


I meant like a, like a few episodes from now. Okay. Okay. Like in six months you get to chime in. But I love, I've really enjoy it and, and I see a kindred spirit where I, you are a very nice guy. You seem like a very genuine, nice person, but you relish being a dick. You just relish it and it's, it's fun. It's a release. It Is. And You know, I feel like with some of these characters, I feel like, You know, they're the butt of the joke. So, You know, as opposed to just delivering like one-liners and stuff, it's just sort of like embodying a complete joke. You know, like just making someone who is so silly and ridiculous in that, I don't know, I just find I, I have a good time doing that.


You Also have the best dismissive laugh. Like, ah, You know, I, I mean, I'm not gonna do it, but you just, like, you laugh at people, make fun of 'em in in, in your, in your characters. And I'm trying to think of like, there's a moment in the movie about the end of the world. Oh, This is the end. Yes, this is the end. And there's this great part where everyone's playing themselves. And so you're Danny McBride and they come and tell you that all these different people, You know, like all these different stars, real stars were all playing themselves, have died because it's the end of the world. And they come and tell you, they're telling you. And then they, they they tell you that Michael s Sarah's dead and you're like, ba Like nobody wants Michael Ser dead.


Yeah. No one. And people love Michael Ser and you're like, ah ha, turn out. Who fucking cares about Michael Ser? And it was just making me, I remember that moment like, you really popped in that movie because whose response to Michael, Sarah is dead is a good laugh. Happy about it. Yeah.


We drink so much water every day and it's just water. And I'm like, hello. Boring. Yeah. There's gotta be a way to make water more exciting. Well, guess what? Someone cracked it with authentic flavors and lively carbonation. Waterloo sparkling waters bring full flavor artistry. Bla you're drinking one right now. Drinking one right now. I got the raspberry nectarine and it is tasty. It's very good. Very tasty. Everyone here in the office has been enjoying them. They're, they're excellent. They're delicious. Yeah. And, and You know, you say what's flavor artistry? Yes. You know, some people think, are you just talking a lot of high class nonsense conant? No. It's about custom crafting, multi sensorial flavor experiences of aroma, taste and mouth feel that make you say wow. Wow. To that sentence, Waterloo Waters are crafted, not formulated or off the shelf, just purified sparkling water. And non GMO project verified natural flavors, which I insist on me too with zero calories, sugars, or sweeteners. I drink water constantly. I just had a couple of wa glasses of water and it was just regular water upstairs. And I regret that time. It's, it's, it was just boring. You'll never get that back. I'll never get that time back. Three full glasses of water. I wish it was Waterloo and I could've had What did you have? Raspberry? You know what, what's that one? Cracking open a peach right now. Okay, well why you should, you could've offered that to me. You just ate a second when I haven't had one. Oh, sorry. Nice. Thanks a lot. I'm so thirsty. Were are you working tomorrow? Give Waterloo Sparkling water a try. Look for Waterloo Sparkling Water next time you shop. Learn more about the flavors from Waterloo Sparkling water@drinkwaterloo.com.


This bracket season FanDuel is letting you make the call. 'cause right now, new customers can get $200 in bonus bets when your first $5 bet wins. You hear me? That's 200 extra binos to bet on. Everything from clutch shots to last second heartbreaks and even who's cutting down the nets. If you've been waiting to join, there's no better time. There's turn action not slang for tournament almost every day. And FanDuel has amazing bet types like spreads totals, game props, and so much more. I know all about this. You do? Oh, I'm a real, it sounds like it. I'm a real Beto. I I'm, I'm excited because Michigan State, which is my team, I I think they're gonna go all the way. They're number one in the big 10. Yes. Yes. Let's go all the way. Don't shake your head, Eduardo. Listen. You are all a Michigan all the way. You're always That's right. Ever since I've known you, which is like 20 some odd years. That's right. You've been babbling about Michigan. This Michigan that. You gotta try a Michigan soup. You gotta have Michigan pizza pie. I love it all. And, and, and so Yeah. I say with FanDuel, Michigan State all the way. Let's go baby. Go Drink. Yeah. Your favorite murderers are from Michigan. Anyway. That's true. Also, super. Visit FanDuel dot com slash conan. Get in on the college hoops Action. All turn long. Turn is short for tournament. Must be 21 plus in present in select states for Kansas. In affiliation with Kansas Star Casino. Or 18 plus in present in DC. First online Real money wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Visit md gambling help.org. In Maryland,


One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. I know, like I'm trying to sell my coal miners hat and it goes to a dance troupe. Ugh, that's no good. It's just stupid. That's where LinkedIn ads come in fortunately, LinkedIn is a network of over 1,000,000,001. You can't even count that high. I can't, I can't either. Link as a network of over 1 billion business-y people who might actually be interested in your business. You can even target your buyers by job title, industry, company roles, seniority skills, company revenues. Didn't I say gym title? I think I did. Mm, just stop wasting budget on the wrong audience. That's just stupid. Start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will give you a $100 credit on the next campaign, so you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco, that's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions. Bly only on LinkedIn ads.


I gotta bring this up 'cause you and Sona have a similar fascination, which is the Goonies. Mm. And this is one. I'm older than you guys, so it, it skipped my generation when I saw the Goonies, I didn't get it. And then I know that like it's Sona has built a small religion around the Goonies. I love the Goonies is Matt. So does Matt. I like it too. And you like the Goonies? I don, I love the Goonies. I took my, before we left California and moved to Charleston, South Carolina, I took the kids up to Astoria to go see the Goonies House, to go see the Rock, to go see the jailhouse. It was Awesome. I'm wanting To go. It was awesome. I have, oh my God. Yeah. I love that movie. I thought it was cool. I mean, I think it was just, You know, of the age seeing a bunch of kids that are your age on TV and they're cursing.


Yeah. Instantly appealed to me. I think when that movie came out, I was 22. Yeah. And I thought these kids should be in school. Yeah. Oh, I was like, I was like, they're getting in theater. Like why aren't they, why are they running around? A ship wouldn't be underground. Oh my God. You know, it just was, I, I shouldn't have been seeing that movie. I Remember my grandfather's take on it was that it was pornographic and it confused me about what pornographic meant. I'm like, is it, is this pornographic? Is this, but I guess it was the language that he didn't like that the kids were pornographic Were banging each other. I was gonna say, I was gonna say it's generation must a director. Yeah. It must be a director's cut that I haven't Seen. We had the laser disc.


All the kids are just going at it. Oh God. Oh, come on. Like, you haven't thought about it? No. Oh, fuck you. Channel channeling McBride now. Yeah, I was, it's funny though. I've seen the effect because I was in, I was shooting in another country and ran into Martha Plimpton. Yeah. And the people on my crew who are again, 10, 15 years younger than me, their hands were shaking. Oh yeah. And I'm, I love Martha Plimpton and I was like, Hey Martha, how are you? And she'd been on the show a bunch and good to see you. But I, but I thought, You know, it's not Prince, You know, I mean it's, do You know what I mean?


Like it's No, I don No, but they were all, that's the Goonies Goonies fans. I did this really small movie with Jodi called Legacy of a Whitetailed Deer Hunter that was like a, a Netflix movie and Josh Brolin's in it. Yeah. I was like wanting to say something about Goonies like the entire time. And I just like, felt like, oh, I gotta play it cool. And there's like one scene where I'm like almost dying in the scene and he's like, You know, trying to help me out. And he's like, You know, don't die. And then in the take I was like, Goonies never say die. And he, he just looked at me and he's like, that's the worst delivery. You've given him all movement. I could see. I was like, I know. I got scared. I could, I could see him too, being not too happy. Yeah.


He's like, You know, I've gone on to all this other amazing work. It doesn't matter. Can't keep bringing me back there. You know, there's this thread that runs through, like whether it's eastbound down, vice principals, righteous gemstones, they're kind of screwed up. Don Kees. They're, they're on this quest. And I think one of the things that makes Don Kete and that kind of comedy or character so compelling to me is that the character fully believes it. The character is completely invested in what they're doing. And I thought it was really interesting that you made the decision that in the righteous gemstones, the gemstones are not con men.


They are making a ton of money off of this and it's a great business and they'll do what they have to do to grow this. But at their core, they believe. And I think that's essential. It has to be that way. It has to be, I think it, it's, it's what allows you to still make them feel like no matter how far in outer space the comedy might go, that there's somewhere you can kind of get back down to planet Earth by the end and kind of like have a chance to make it touching or to make somebody feel something real. And it, we kind of learned that when we were writing eastbound. I remember when we pitched it, we were so enamored with just Kenny Powers being such a shithead and treating everyone so terribly. And that was making us laugh. And then there became this moment where we were like, what would make him more interesting is if he was actually good at this.


And it's not like he's just a joke. Like if he actually had talent and part of the tragedy is he squandered it. Yep. I remember that being like a breakthrough. 'cause that wasn't part of our initial pitch. It was like, yeah, he flamed out. But the idea that he was really talented and that he had something there, that that's part of why he's overstretching so much is that he's like squandered something that, that was in him that he kind of abused. And I don know, it just was a eye-opener that like, You know, you can make jokes with these characters, but If you can kind of like actually give them something real under there to struggle with it, it just ends up giving you more room to play. Yeah. And it enhance it actually makes the jokes. Yeah. Better Funnier. I, when I was at The Simpsons, I remembered all I was interested in was coming up with really funny ideas for stories and really funny lines for characters.


That's all I cared about. And good visuals. And I thought of myself as, I don't really care about story arc and stuff like that. I just wanna be the, the hot gun in the room. I wanna be, You know, I, I wanna be, I want to come up with the stuff that's really gonna be great and cutting edge, whatever. And I remember getting talked to about, it was explained to me by Mike Reese je they said, You know, that it's, it's really important to James L. Brooks and to Matt Graining into Sam Simon. The thing that makes this work is that it's a family and they all love each other. And I remember at the time being whatever I was 24, thinking, what?


That's so lame. You Know? Or they just watched the Goonies. Ugh. Yeah. I mean, but I, I remembered it's pornographic. I remembered. Yeah. It's possibly, it's completely pornographic. Yeah. I I just didn't, I didn't understand that at all. But I went with it and then later on realized that you don't have a show if Homer doesn't care if Bart dies. Yeah. If he's that level of, yes, Homer does lots of incredibly stupid things, but he does care about his family. If he's a sociopath, you don't have a show. Yep. And if, and if none of them, if they're all sociopaths, You don't have a show.


And that's the kind of stuff that my old writing partner, Greg Daniels, who has done a million great shows, office Parks and recreation and just to name a few. But his, he was so good at, he's funny. He can come up with really funny stuff. But he also knows that you have to care about these people as people. And I think that was one of the revelations of that Steve Carell was so brilliant at Totally. Which is he's being such an asshole. He's so misreading the room. He's so not doing his job, but You know that he's a good person at heart. Totally. And that is such a hard thing to do. And I think that that's, that was one of those things that resonates with me when I watch your work is I care about you, I care about the characters you're playing because you've invested them with that.


Even if they're pretty Awful, pretty pretty terrible. Yeah. I, I, I love that and I love like working with actors that get that, You know, like Edie Patterson who plays Yep. My sister on the show, You know, I met her on Vice Principals and instantly saw that with her that like, not only can she just deliver insane punchlines, You know, that are completely lunacy true, but like, she has the chops to like, make you care too and to make, to hurt your feelings or to make you kind of want more for her. And I think the moment we started messing around with that kind of stuff, it just like, that became what a little bit of the pool was with all the comedy. It's like, how can we surprise people by being so foul? And then weirdly underneath it all, there's like something that might resonate with people.


It's, It's a family. Yeah. And they are, they do care about each other. They live in this insane situation. Exactly. They're gangsters. Yeah. They're gangsters who believe that what they're doing is righteous. Yeah. You know, and that was what was kind of crazy even starting the show is that, You know, I moved down to Charleston, South Carolina with my family about almost like eight years from ago. And I wasn't really sure what I was gonna write next. And once I was there, I saw a lot of the churches there and I was like, on the ra every other radio station, it's like a religious station and You know, I went to church when I was a kid. My family was pretty religious. And it just got me thinking like, what is church like now? And so I started like kind of doing research on these megachurches and it just kind of instantly seemed like it was something that would be in one of our worlds.


Like the idea of like these people kind of seeing themselves as a celebrity and, and being, You know, big shots and, and just the idea of saying one thing meaning another. It just felt like it was right for what we wanted to do. But then I would look at stuff that tackles religion and I always kind of never, I couldn't think of anything that I really liked that had done that. Yeah. Where, You know, I was like, oh, it's, You know, there's something about it that is usually too cynical or it's just bashing on people's faith and I don't know, it just didn't seem like it was like, it was something that I wanted to do. And so, yeah, we started writing that show. It was sort of like one of our mantras was like, You know, yeah. These guys believe, and the butt of the joke is never what their belief is. It's just them. They're the butt of the joke. Yeah. Their hypocrisy is what's funny and not like what they believe in.


And Yep. And everybody on board the show got down with that. They were all that, that was sort of like what everyone kind of followed. And it'd be interesting because you oftentimes would see stuff. People would come with things, whether it's production design or anything that might push things too much. Like, oh, I think the joke here is that it's Jesus and maybe that's like not where we should get the joke from. It should get the, the thought process behind someone, You know, is more funny than just cheap shots, I guess. Yeah. You don't wanna be punching down. You don't wanna be making fun of the faith. You wanna be looking at these people, which it is a family. They live on this ridiculous compound. You know, I mean, I'm a big Walton Goggins fan and I'm curious how you two came together.


You know, I know you were on Vice Principals. Yeah. Walton, You know, Wal, I had seen Walton in the Shield and Walton came in and read for Eastbound. It was the, I think it was the third season. And we ended up casting Sudeikis in that role. He was like, Kenny Power's best friend. But I mean the, I always, I mean it was just be, You know, not because Walton didn't do a good job reading, but it was just like, I think we already had our mindset on Sudeikis and, but Walton just stuck in my brain at forever after that. When he came in, I was like, God damn, that guy was so funny when he, You know, and so unexpected. And I had bumped into him a few other times through the years. And then when I wrote Vice Principals, he just came to my mind that he was, You know, that I would like to spend some time with him.


And I felt like this was a side that he hadn't really shown people. And, and all of his work, there's a comedic undertone to all of it, You know, he's, he's just naturally funny. And so, yeah, it was just kind of awesome. I sent him that script, the pilot and he called me back later on that afternoon and was just like doing the Lee Russell voice, which is the character played best principles. It was like, this is gonna be fun. He was here, he did the podcast and do you remember this? He came, yeah. And he was, I think he was flying back and forth a lot to Thailand for White Lotus Oh yeah. At the time. And so he was tired. I came in and his people said, Walton just needs to sleep for 25 minutes and then he'll be okay to do the podcast.


So he was in that room that I just saw you in and there's a couch there and he just laid down like a vampire and like put his hands over his chest and instantly went out and slept for exactly 25 minutes. And then it was back. And then came and then they like reactivated the go, You know, re reactivate Goggins. And he like sat up and he came in and he was great in the podcast. And then probably said, now I need 17 minutes. There's something I've always thought about in comedy, which is one of my favorite characters, I always go back to him all the time, is Peter Seller's, inspector CSO and the Pink Panther movies.


And those movies were a huge deal to me. 'cause my dad would take me to see those films and I never saw my dad laugh that hard. And I would be laughing, but also noticed clocking my dad laughing so hard. And I thought they were fantastic. So I introduced him to my son and we watched these movies and it took me a long time to realize what makes it work. Is that au he is deadly serious. Totally. Yeah. We never ap weirdly, we never approach any of it. Like it is a comedy. Like we, even when we talk to the, You know, the production designers and all this stuff, we, we approach it as if it's like so serious and then that just makes it so much funnier. I remember even when we sold eastbound, You know, they were trying to talk to us about shooting it all digitally and everything.


And for us it was like, no, we, we like fought really hard to shoot on like super 16 and then even the other seasons were on 35 millimeter film. And it was like, there was no real reason to, to do that. But for us it was all part of the aesthetic of like, we can't treat this. Like, it's just something cheap. You know? It needs to be approached as if it has scope and grandeur and then all these jokes and all this ridiculousness will, will play then, You know, you're leaning To it. Yeah. You're shooting it. You want to, it's like you, you have to go in with the intent that we're making. I'm David Lean and I'm making Lawrence of Arabia. That's it. You know, wait a minute, what's the topic again? Don't worry about that. That's it. That's, that's it. And I think that that comes through. It's funny how you talk about the way people want things shot.


I've heard that some, some produ, some executives want things to be bright and colorful. If it's a comedy, they actually want it to be brighter because they want to let You know that it's a comedy. Yeah. As opposed to trusting that you'll figure out that that that what's happening is very funny. Yeah. I, and We, and, and more so if some t I think if things are a little dark or if there's a grayness to it, It's so true. I remember us hearing that, that like, You know, oh, you need to get a comedy dp. And we were just like, what, what the hell is that? You know? And to me it was like, no, it seems like, You know, we don't want to like play into any of this stuff. There's not like a way to shoot it and, You know. Yeah. For us that always, it felt like if you're filming something, you should use all the tools that come with filming something.


You should be able to know when to make it dark or when to make it light. You should know when to make it beautiful or when to make it ominous and scary. And why would you strip all of those things away just to kind of light something bland so that you, the jokes play better. It just, it felt like it was missing out on what the advantages are of doing something filmed. So I'm curious, you live, You don't live here. You don't live here And we're we're in Los Angeles right now and In your office? No, I've never lived here. There was, there was a year, there was a year where you were going through a little bit of a rough patch. Okay. 2022. I remember. And you lived Here, you found me in the bottom of the pool that you Took out.


When we bought this podcast studio, there was a little pool out there and the first thing I said was that pool goes. And so does that guy. You have to Yeah. If you have to jackhammer it. Yeah, exactly. And that guy McBride, get him outta here. But yeah, I just, it's, it's interesting because I know there are people I really admire. Zach Gakis is another one who, he doesn't live here in LA and he, he's very resolute about, no, I'm gonna live with my people my life. It's not a rejection of la it's just No, I'm, I'll do the work here, but I want to go. In your case, it's Charleston, South Carolina. Yeah.


You know, which is, by the way, I've been there several times and I'm a history buff. I was telling you before we started the podcast that I've been there and taken the tours and Absolutely. I think it'd be a dream to live there. It's, it's, it's insane. You know, I'd never even been there until we shot vice principals and really just fell in love with the place. And I had small, I had small kids at the time. They're still small. They'll never grow. I won't let them. But, You know, my, my wife, You know, it helps If you feed them we'll say, But my wife was from Los Angeles. I loved living out here. I mean, I was here for almost 20 years and You know, I, I loved it here, but I definitely kind of saw that my kids, if I kept them here, it wasn't like they would have a bad life, but it was like, there would just be elements of my life that I feel like they wouldn't be able to experience.


Like there was something free about being able to get on your bike and just like cruise through your neighborhood and stay gone until the, You know, the sun went down and I knew, like when we're living up on Mulholland, I wasn't exactly trusting my 6-year-old son to go on a bike and just come back when the sun comes down, Go down, go down moho and at 60 miles an hour unable to stop. That happened on moho. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. There's the old Manson house. Oh no. But I just wanted, I wanted them to have a little taste of that when we went to shoot vice principals there. I was seeing it in real time. They were getting it, they were having more independence than I had ever had with them here. Like, they were able to hang out with friends and it wasn't like we were overseeing it or like coordinating a play date.


It was like, just kind of naturally happening. And so I just kind of wanted that. I thought it was, it'd be cool for them and yeah. And so that kind of motivated us moving there. And then luckily a lot of the guys I work with, they all were kind of at the same point in their lives where they had young kids and were kind of a little like helpless about how to raise kids here. That everyone had come from small towns. And so it was an adjustment and everyone just kind of decided to go down together. It was like, I think we went down There. Wait, so you live in like a community with your friends? Yeah. We all, some people call That a cult. Yeah. Yeah. We allow others in, You know, there is no, but it is, I, we moved there with like, honestly like Jody Hill, David Green, he's got a place there like Yeah. The John Curi, Jeff Fraley, all these other writers from the show.


We all moved there the same summer and set up shop and yeah. It's been almost eight years now. That's amazing. Yeah. It's been a lot of fun. We didn't have to make new friends. We were able just to keep the ones that, that we've always known. You Can't, at a certain point you can't make new friends. Yeah. It's too much effort. Yeah. Which is Great for this podcast and its title. Have I really made friends with any of them? No, that's true. I, the minute the podcast is over, I tell 'em, get outta here. Yeah. I'll, I'll, I won't see you again. It's all a scam. You know, I have to ask you about working with John Goodman. 'cause he's one of my, he's one of my favorite people as, and I mean, I'm just thinking of all of the iconic I know roles.


He's played so much great work with the Cohen Brothers and he was the first guest on my late night show Oh wow. September 13th, 1993. And I ran into him recently on an elevator. I hadn't seen him in years. I was like, hello John. He was like, hello? And I said, remember you're my first guest. And he said, yes, you, I believe You know the way he can talk. He's very serious. He said, I, I you, you George went canceled. So you, I was your second choice. And and that was not the case. He was misremembering. He remembered that. But he, but the problem is he misremembered it 30 years. Yeah. He misremembered it, which was no, he was our first choice.


And we wanted someone who we knew would be really fun and friendly and go along with all the weird stuff we wanted to do. And that we put, George went in the audience to challenge him to leg wrestling. And that's was just, just to show people how weird our show was gonna be. We wanted to do that right off the bat. So that was always the plan. And now somehow he's got it switched in his mind that, and, and I remembered he, then he got off the elevator and I never got a chance to straighten him, straighten him out that like, no, no, no, you were the first choice. George went, was the plant in the audience. But I know it's lost a time now. He, You know, and maybe it's good for him, but he, I feel like he underestimates how much influence and how great he is, You know? Yeah. I would like be surprised when, You know, I would sense that he was nervous or worried that he wasn't doing good and like, are you kidding me?


It's like you're John Goodman Blowing everyone here outta the water. Yeah. Yeah. He, he's incredible. I mean, I always, I've always loved him and You know, he, he was like making, he was in TV when TV wasn't really that cool and You know, he's like, You know, on your tv and then he still can go do the Cohen Brothers and he can, You know, and he's, everything is so funny and he's lasted for so long and he still can make you laugh and can still do stuff that's challenging. I mean, I never thought in a million years we would get him on this show. It was like completely like a lark. Also, because he's such a good actor. He, his, he can, I mean his menace. Oh yeah. You know, on the gemstones, his sense of purpose and drive.


And I've, he's built this, this thing and you get the sense that he really has and that it comes from something real. Yeah, totally. And You need a real actor to do that. You do. And if we wouldn't have had someone like him, I don't think the show would've worked. I think you needed that legitimacy even for us. Like, I think I could have done it. Oh, there was thoughts that maybe you could Yeah. You could have done it. No, I, I, I'm George went No, no, George went for sure. No, I, I, I, in all fairness, I think yeah, you got a, a Goodman or a Conan like Oh No. Often brought up at the same time. Yeah. Often In the same sentence. Yep. Cohen brothers just don't have my number.


They don't know how to get ahold of me. Yeah. That's the problem. Do you think they don't I'm very hard to get a hold of. Yeah. Real hard. I have a flip phone. Not everyone has the number. That's what it is. You said that you like these guys, these characters, they see themselves as something they are not, which is, I think also it's part of the same line of what we've been talking about, but people who don't see themselves as what they really are, but it's a But their belief in themselves is, is genuine. Yeah. Their egos are just unchecked. Yeah. They, I just feel like that, You know, when you want to make the character the part of the joke that's like the most, I don't know, that's like the richest ground of just, You know, the tragedy of like seeing someone telegraphing how they want you to see them and then knowing that they're not that, it just always makes me Laugh.


So you're in South Carolina now. Is it weird to come into LA and like, okay, now I'm driving around the 4 0 5 freeway and I'm going to do press and things like that. You're, You're, you're, I mean, it's funny. I mean, I would, I lived here 20 years, drive everywhere. And then instantly I feel like I'm an old person who's never been around a mo a a moving car before. It's like, there's so many cars. It's, it's, everything's so fast. Right? You do slow down. I mean, everything is so slow there that you, it, it does, it kind of, I'm like, wow. It's wild that I was used to this pace. It's nuts. One of the things I love about Charleston is when you go downtown, they have the old gas lamps. It's, it's like you've gone back in time. Hmm. You know, they've done a really good job of preserving. And so I would think it's about as not la as you can get to me is gas lanterns in the streets.


Do You know what I mean? Burning in the middle of the day, just burning propane. Yeah. Yeah. Someone over there has a butter churn. So I'm curious, like when something like gemstones is done, you've wrapped it and you're gonna unveil this new season, are you onto the next thing already? Are you, You know, I'm, after I leave here, I go sound mix the very last episode. So after today I will be officially unemployed. I'm done. I don't, I mean, I have ideas what I wanna do, but I really just kind of want to just chill out for a little bit and catch a breath. I mean, I've been on gemstones full time now for like seven years. I mean, it doesn't seem like that because there was covid and there was a strike. But it's, I'm so monogamous.


When I get on something like this, I like live and breathe it. I mean, when we're not in between seasons, I'm literally just like reading the Bible, watching sermons, just trying to find material and find inspiration. And so I think after a while you kind of do have to just shut it off. Because even in my head, if I were to think of ideas now, they all would feel similar to gemstones. Right? 'cause my brain is so trained on finding humor and finding comedy that like fits that mold. So I think in a way you kind of have to just like, let it go and kind of stop thinking about it for a while. And then kind of, So, okay. So what do, what do you do to relax? What are your, what are your fun things? What's your happy place? I need to get hobbies. I don't have hobbies, unfortunately. I've tried a few different ones in Charleston and, and none of them have really stuck yet.


What did you Try When I first got there, I was like, maybe I'm gonna be somebody who's like into grilling. I'll be into big green eggs and like, and like learning how to like master the big green egg. And I had that for a while. And then I was like, I'm gonna have a heart attack with all these fucking steaks. So No one's eating and like, trying to dial the temperature and just, right. It is like, my wife's like, yeah, big deal. You kept it at 250 degrees for 12 hours, like You've mastered it. But this pork, it falls Right on my heart feels tight. My chest, I, I got a, I got a like a little bo You know, I have a dock. And so I got a Boston whale. Like everybody in in that area, like, is out the water.


Water. You gotta have a boat, Right? Well, I thought I did. And then I realized I'm not a, I'm not a boat person. I don't like owning it. I, I would be responsible for everybody's like, safety. I would get out there and I would just have the worst time because I'm just sort of like so worried that I'm gonna kill someone. And I was like, this feels like someone else should be driving this thing. I should be able just to drink and like let the wind blow my hair back. And so, and it's also, boats are so much maintenance. It's like you finish going out and everyone gets to go home and then you gotta sit around for like an hour and a half hoing the fucking thing down and like flushing the, the engine out. I'm like, I don't need nude chores. I don't, I don't like this. So I, I like let the boat rot for like an hour and a, like a year and a half at the end of my dock. I would just look at it and just, it'd make me feel terrible.


'cause I'm like, I have no desire to use that thing I've spent money on. And I would watch it fill with rainwater and barn articles grow on it. And It was just a constant reminder of like, You know, You don't have hobbies. You don't even like going out on boats. And so I sold that and got rid of that and yeah, now that's what I'll do. I'll try to find what the next, I love that you have a camouflage shirt and anyone who sees this on video, you're wearing a, a total camouflage hunting shirt. But I doubt you need it. I doubt that you do anything that requires you to wear a camouflage. I, I I want to, but yeah. I don't have it in me. Even, even, even honestly, even fishing to an extent. Like, everyone fishes down there.


It's like, all right, I'll get into fishing. We have this koi pond in our front yard and there was like, we inherit it when I bought the place, like koi fish there. And then this like fucking heron, this bird started coming, every day would be on, our roof would come down and it would pick up the Coi fish, but the coi fish were too big for it to eat. So they would just drop them on the, on the, leave them on the side of the ground. I would come home and there would always be dead fish, like leading up there. And I Birds just laughing at you. You, I I, I started a straight up war with this bird where it was, it would, the same one would come every day. And my wife and I had all these tricks. Like I had like left my sons and the yeah, I like left my son's like remote control car down there. And then every time I'd see it, I would turn the car on to chase it away.


And then that evolved into just like Nerf guns. We, like that thing would come and I would just like run out there, like lighting it up and it, it knew who I was. I think you found, I think you found your hobby. You have a hobby. Yeah. It's, it's fighting birds, saving Toy fish fighting, fighting birds without hurting them. Did you win? Did You get rid of 'em? Well, You know what was funny is like one day I went out there and I did, I lit that bird up. I, I like, I I made full contact with that thing. It flew over the hedge and I went back in the house like, yeah, got 'em. The bird flew around to the back of the house and started banging on the window and shit all over the back of my death. It was like, oh, he knew. He, he knew, of course he Knew. Yeah.


Cut to the bird at a gun store. Yeah. He's gonna, even the store Buying Yeah. Buying. They bring a Nerf gun. You bring a real gun. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. But I think protecting those fish, I, there was a few times where I saved a few where I got home and the fish was still flopping on the ground and I saw the scared look in its eye as I put it back in the water and I was like, I can never fish. Now. I've ruined it for myself. I'm determined now to go, I'm gonna, I'm gonna go to Charleston, South Carolina and hang out and get the word out that I'm ready to hang with Danny McBride. Yeah. But then it's just gonna be really fun that you don't reach out to me and I know that you're just like six miles away. No, I'll reach out to you, But what would we do? Well, there's a few good bars down the street from my house.


We probably ride around in golf carts. Maybe we go on a ghost Tour. I would love that. I, I, You know, the, the area where I live, people cruise around on golf carts and it's, there's no hotels or anything out there. It gets pretty dark after night. And like, I love to just like put the kids in the golf cart and I literally just like play the soundtrack to the Shining and turn the lights, so the golf cart off and just cruise around The island. It it is, it is more frightening than what you Could imagine. Yeah. So, so how are they doing these kids? They're worried about 'em, worried about they're In therapy. You said they haven't really grown much and they're terrified all the time.


Yeah. I remember when we shot Land of the Lost here in Los Angeles, we were, that's like one of the only movies I ever worked on that shot on a back lot. That was what I thought all of Hollywood would be, would be like, you'd be on a, on a, You know Sure. The studio and every movie would be shooting there. I think we were the only movie that was shooting in town that time on the universal lot. And we would have all these late nights and Will Ferrell and Yma and I would get in golf carts at the, like late at night on like, You know, on these night shoots. And we would drive through Universal Studios when it was closed down and we would pull up in front of the psycho house and one by one you'd have to go up by yourself and knock on the door.


Oh. And it it seems so silly. It was scary as Shit. Oh my God. That does sound scary. It was, it was, you would freak yourself out. There was no way after you knocked that you would not run back to the golf cart where everybody was and they Quickly make some jokes like it wasn't that scary. And Don't they have the mom in the window? But yeah, they have her like, like a mannequin. Yes. Not real. Oh, that might be, I think it's a working actress. Okay. She's sitting four seven. It's so creepy. Yeah. Yeah. She was on a sit, she was on like silver spoons and now that's what she does.


This has been an absolute blast. Absolute blast. You've been on our, our How do we get, how do we get this Man? He's never in LA Just, I'm so happy that you were able to Oh, give a, get yourself in here and met you in 2006 and right away was a instant fan. Like, and then everything just has I, from a distance, I've just watched everything blow up since for you in all the best ways and I'm really happy and righteous. Gemstones is hilarious and great. And you, this is the final season? This is the final season. Wrapped it up this season. Yep. I think we've, I think it's our best one yet. I know everyone has to say that to get people to tune in, but I really do think that, yeah.


Well I am so happy for you and I look forward to the day that I intrude on you in South Carolina. Yes. Please come down. Yeah, I'll give you the real tour. I was and up. Seriously. I mean, I'm a huge, I've been to Fort Sumter. I'm, I'm a real nerd. Yep. I've, I've toured the, I I know a little bit too much about, and I, I've gone to the south and I've told people this. I took my wife on when we were newly married. I took her on a drive through Georgia to look at Oh yeah. Civil war landmarks. And the marriage almost ended there. So, so anyway, thank you so much for being here. Aw, thank you. Seriously. Thank you. And get a hobby.


I'll try


To Sona, which McDonald's breakfast order gets people out of bed the fastest golden brown, hash browns, savory bacon, egg and cheese mc griddles or fluffy hotcakes. What do you think? All, all, all of 'em. If you said all the above, then you are correct. Yeah. You win nothing anyway. With McDonald's breakfast. You just, you can't go wrong. How can you go wrong? You can't pick a wrong thing. You can't from that lineup. Even If you want pair of Diet Coke with your egg McMuffin, no judgment. Not from me. Not from you. Not from anybody. No. It won't. So wake up. Sorry, that was too aggressive. So angry. Wake up. It's time for McDonald's breakfast.


Oh man. I do a lot of traveling. Yeah, I do You know how to do the travel shows? Nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you. That's good. Isn't that nice? It starts the moments you take off with free in-flight wifi so you can stream your favorite show on the go. Obviously that would be this show I would think. Yeah. You you go in a plane and then you stream your podcast. If I'm anxious about a flight, the thing that calms me is seeing myself. And then when you land T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands. Did You know that? No. Yep. Plus you're covered with five gigabytes, count 'em five of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with go 5G plus or next plans. And I have to tell you, it's a nice feeling when I travel the globe for my travel work, I like to know that when I land in that other country, I'm covered. I'm there. Yeah. I can text you and say, Hey, I got here safely. Yeah. I forgot to feed my cat. Could you feed my cat? Oh yeah. You could remind me. I don't have a cat. Right. It's all good stuff. Yeah. You FaceTimed me before from another country and it was crisp. She was clear. Yep. You could see every mark on my face. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel qualifying plan required wifi where available on select US airlines terms and conditions apply.


A number of episodes ago we talked about how you lost your beloved and I think long Term leather Jacket. What? Well, weren't you in a long term relationship with this leather Jacket? I bought it and I wore it a lot. Aren't You burying the lead, which is she lost her house? Yes. She lost her house and her leather jacket was in the house. Yeah. This is the first I've heard of that. Okay. Yeah. You're a real sensitive guy. My house burned out. You lost, you lost your home in the Altadena fire. Yes. And you are still living, you're living with your parents? Yes. Okay. Well we won't get into that too much. There's some stress there probably. It's okay. It's okay. It's all good. It's, I love your mom, love your dad. Okay. But your mom can be a bit much. Oh wow. Ooh.


I'm gonna clip it and show her Quoting you. Yeah. What? I I love her. I don't know what your mom is With said What did you say? What did you say? I love her. Okay. And I was quoting you and you said she, You know, but you and your mom clash sometimes. We We do. We clash. You're, you're two strong personalities because you love each other very much. We, I adore my mom, but we have a generational divide and a, a cultural divide. There You go. So anyway, house burns down. Yes. And among the things you lost was the leather jacket you've been wearing since the day I met you. Yeah. You've had that jacket forever. I have. And sometimes I would kid you about the jacket because sometimes you would wear it every day. You wouldn't mix it up too much. Okay. I loved that jacket.


Yeah. And I'm sorry it went And what did I do? What Did I do? I'm just, I, I forget, I forget what I did. Oh My God. Okay, then I guess we have nothing else to talk about. Oh, okay. Well, okay. So it's still, they still make this jacket and I found it and you very generously offered to buy me a new one. So I went with your credit card, which I have. Yep. And I, I know Bought a new jacket for myself. Yeah. I got an alert that this, they were very suspicious of you using my card. Okay. Yeah. And then, but then I realized what I did was I just bought you like ammo for me. Yes. And that's not that. I don't know why I did that. That's Why he did it in the first place.


Yeah. I, there was a jacket I made fun of and then it was lost in this tragic fire and I needed the jacket replaced immediately. Ugh. So I could make fun of the jacket. I can make fun of the jacket. Again, Ironic because you're sitting here in a leather jacket. Yeah. Yeah. It's like I'm sitting with Mad Max in the Red Baron right now. Yeah. This is amazing. Oh, no problem is now that it's a leather jacket. I love leather jackets. It's just that she only wore one jacket. And I swear to God you wore it to everything. I did wear it to I, it fit me like a glove. It was like stretched in this Wore christened. This sg in that beautiful church. Okay. And I was the godfather and it was a beautiful ceremony. I'm wearing a suit. Liza's wearing a dress. People are wearing robes. You're there wearing Dr.


Zeus's jacket from, okay, Come on. It's so cool. Don't I look cool in it though? No one said looks cool. Who says don't I look cool? Yes, I Do though. I look so cool. It, This, it's a great, it's a great jacket and I'm happy. And You know what's, I'm happy that you got this back. Yeah, me too. I am too. It really felt, I'm, it's reclaim a lot of the things that we lost. We've been trying to find versions of it and Oh, what you, there was one thing in particular, isn't there? That you guys lost a poster. What is it? A cell, an animation self from King of the Hill. Oh. That tack loved. And so it's, it's the first time I've ever really done this. I asked Greg Daniels My old writing partner, good Friend is your writing and who, who, who I've, who I've gotten to know really well over the last few years and not few years, but many years.


Very long time I've been working for you. And I asked him, I said, do you have any or know I could get one? And he gave tack the exact one that he lost. Oh. And it felt like it was just coming back from the day. Greg, you're a mensch. He really, he is a really good guy. That Was really cool. It was really nice. Shout out to Greg Daniels. Yes. That's so nice. Yeah. So you're so slowly, you're gonna rebuild your life by getting back some of the objects. Yeah. Only I lost a hundred thousand dollars. That's a lie. You're just lying. Now you do more. Oh. And guess what? It had real sentimental value. It was, It Was all special bills. I remember you, you, that paper bag of a hundred thousand dollars with a hundred thousand meant so much to you.


So special to me. Yeah. And I really wish I had It again. Well, I guess there's one thing We can do. Whatcha are you gonna do, get some monopoly boards, get a lot of fake money and put it together? No, but I'll, I bet you there are a bunch of things we could go through and, and, and get back. I Hope so. I mean, it is, it does feel like you're bringing things back from the dead, which is cool. This jacket meant a lot. I loved this jacket and I really thank you for doing it. Well, although I do know you're, you're just doing it. No. So you can keep the rif going. No, that's part of the reason I did it. But there's 10% of it. 90% was keep the going so I can continue to bash away at you.


And then there's 10%, which is I love you. I don want you to be happy. That's very Nice. Thank You. Thank you for But 90% total. Yes, I know. You know, guns blazing. I know. Gotta get, You know, I know. Make you feel bad. I Sure. I know, I know. So it had A happy ending. Yes. Did. And did you, you didn't lose anything in the fire, did you? I'm sorry to say I didn't No, it's weird. There's a survivor's guilt. Of course. There. I I'm telling you there is, there is totally a, a survivor's guilt. Like in LA right now, when, when I've, I mean I've talked about this, but I've been very open about the fact that fire got really close to my house and filled it with smoke. And I'm still not back in it. We've been out since the fire. So it's been months now since I've lived in my house.


And it all has to get cleaned out and everything. But you can't, there's nothing I, I'm just still, I'm grateful. I'm very grateful that my house still exists. And if I ever catch myself saying to anybody, My sneakers, my Brooks sneakers got a little, they they have good art support for when I run and whoa, they got a little smoky. And so they have to be wiped off 'cause they got smoky. And then you're, you're probably standing next to somebody who lost their house. I know. Yeah. So keep my mouth shut. Shut. Well, I mean, I, you lost your house. You can't go back to your house. That's why I feel like I have guilt all around.


Survivor's guilt all around. I feel like I wanna sleep in a tent in my front yard. Just, you should. No, that's going too far. You should. I can't. It would feel really Good. And you should fill it with smoke. Well, yeah. Toxics smoke. Well, I'm glad, I'm glad that you Thank you. We got that back and we'll get other things back. Thank you'll, thank you. Peace out Tupac. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino taken away. Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aren Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer.


Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Kahn. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan. And If you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded,


Cats have always acted like they're don't stink. Now with fresh up heavy duties, new 30 day odor control, it actually doesn't. Fresh step's, new heavy duty litter fights odor three times longer than the leading brand. This is Fresh Step's strongest litter ever. Giving your litter box 30 days of odor control. Step it up to fresh step with the new heavy duty litter. Three times claim based on fecal malor versus the leading regular clumping litter. Strongest litter ever is based on odor control. Babe Breeze is used under license from the Procter and Gamble company or its affiliates.


Hey, Sona, do you own a business that's ready to thrive? I do. Well, it's time to let Intuit QuickBooks take things like unpaid invoices and tracking expenses off your plate to take things to the next level. Make sense? I really Want my business to thrive. It should, it should. Intuit QuickBooks is an all in one business platform that can help with day-to-day tasks like invoicing and expenses. You wanna be worried about that stuff? That's perfect. Yeah. That's what I, that's all I do. Yeah. Yeah. That's my whole Business. It's your whole business. Manage and grow your business all in one place. Intuit QuickBooks, your way to Money. Money Movement services are provided by Intuit Payments Incorporated. Licensed as a money transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services.