
Hey, Sona, do you own a business that's ready to thrive? I do. Well, it's time to let Intuit Quickbooks take things like unpaid invoices and tracking expenses off your plate to take things to the next level. Make sense? I really want My business to thrive. You should. It should. Intuit Quickbooks is an all in one business platform that can help with day-to-day tasks, like invoicing and expenses. You wanna be worried about that stuff? That's perfect. Yeah. That's what I, that's all I do. Yeah. Yeah. That's my whole Business. It's your whole business. Manage and grow your business all in one place. Intuit, Quickbooks, your way to money. Get 90% off for three months. Limited time only terms and conditions apply. Money Movement services are provided by Intuit Payments Inc. Licensed as a money transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services.


Having The right people in your corner to support you in life makes all the difference. Trust me, I've been there. The person could be the friend who goes with you to test drive a new car, but it could also be the State Farm agent who helps you choose coverage for that car. Let State Farm handle the coverage parts of life so you can focus on the fun parts of life. Like taking a new car out on the open road. You don't have to worry about the coverage parts Cruise baby. You betcha. Go online at State Farm dot com or use the award-winning app. That app won an award. No surprise. To get help from one of their local agents Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Hey guys, my name's David Spade, and I feel somewhat sick about being just more like bad tummy, about being conan's friend. You know, I think I've always had that effect on you. No. Maybe I'll be, I'll change it to honored too Late. Okay. Fall back to school. Ring bell shoes. Walking loose.


Okay. Hit it. Friendship is a good thing. Quiet God. It's a miserable life. It's a miserable life. The Whole rhythm of friendship is a good thing. Quiet. Oh God. It's so insane. Okay, here we go. Hey there. Welcome to Colonel O'Brien needs a friend joined by son of Ossian. Hi. And Matt Gorley. And I had something kind of sweet and uplifting to talk about, oh, my wife noticed this. Suspicious. I know this is even, I'm suspicious.


But of course, the, the wildfires occurred. And Sona, you lost your home. She gone. It was terrible. Oh my God. What, what's the matter? I just went, she gone, she gone like a, a seventies yacht rock. So palace. I know. Well, but you're, it's devastating. You're processing it. But it was devastating. And, and we've talked about it here. And the fire came. Right. As I've said to people, I was, we were crazily lucky. The fire came to the back of our yard to the edge of our yard and stopped and burned some stuff on the edge of our property. So there's, and and, and there was smoke damage.


But we were overwhelmingly crazily lucky. And I'm back living in the house now. Liza noticed that we had these fruit trees, this little small area of fruit trees in the backyard, and all of them burned and are like charred and had to be cut down and taken away. Except one. Yeah. The pomegranate tree that your parents gifted me. Yeah. And Liza, back when You guys hosted our engagement party. That's right. With just 200 of our closest friends and family. Yeah. No joke. Oh my God. It was Huge.


Yeah. We had a big party in the backyard. Yeah. For your, for your tax engagement and a bunch of, I mean, obviously your friends and your family came and I was, I mean, I didn't think I was getting a gift 'cause that wasn't the point of it. But your parents brought this pomegranate tree and we planted it along with all the other trees and it kind of doesn't make sense because all the other trees burned and there's not a really good reason why this tree didn't burn. Yes, there is. Which is say, Well, pomegranates represent prosperity, so obviously, and it, and It's part of, I Mean, it's the Armenian voodoo that my mom put into the tree.


It's protecting it protected your house. Yeah. That's why it's fine. You're welcome. Did you have a pomegranate tree in your, did your parents, did you one for your house? I, I had that question as Well. Just, I did. The tree survived, so she, oh, Wait a minute. Okay. But wait, did your pomegranate tree survive? It did survive, actually. But it didn't save The house? No, no. It didn't serve its purpose. Maybe It just didn't know which house it was supposed to be guarding. It Did protect the yoga studio that my neighbors built my tree. See the tree? The tree. That's the closest structure to it. You're, you probably face the tree wrong and it probably misunderstood like a well-intentioned dog. Don't worry.


I saved the yoga studio. You idiot. Oh my God. Wait, I have to say, because I've traveled to Armenia with you. Yeah. Pomegranates and the pomegranate tree. It's like, it is a very important part of Armenian culture. Yeah. It's got a lot of symbolism to it. It's very, it's a very important fruit in our culture. And I think that, and also it's also, it's not just, it didn't just survive. It's green and lush. Yes. Yes. Yeah. I, I mean, ours is in bloom. Yeah. It's spectacular looking as if nothing happened surrounded by stumps. Yeah. And I thought that was very cool. You, You now have to believe in the Armenian. I know we've talked about the, like witchcraft.


My mom does. And the things that she believes in. You have to admit that there's some truth. Something. I never, I don't think I was a big denier of the power. Yes, You were. What do You mean? When my mom Buried a baby doll front yard. So you just said buried a baby. Yeah. But when she, it's like, oh my God, she Buried a doll in the front yard. You laughed about it. But wait, what was that for? I can't remember. For me To have babies. And guess what it worked? Yeah. Through science That now you had where My fertility doctors may have had something Do. Yeah. You had modern science. You had twins. Did she bury one baby or two babies? She buried One. But it's not like, Was it a, when you, was it a real realistic plastic baby doll or was it like a ken doll or was it a No, it was like this doll I actually had when I was a kid.


And it's gender neutral too. It doesn't have any daily. That's weird. The the baby doll didn't have a big swing in dick When shopping for baby dolls. I like one with a big Tack. However, did she find one like that? That Wow. That's a real, those Are hard to find these days. Yeah. It Just insane. Your logic today, Sona, I don't know. This stall poops It wets, it cries and it becomes massively erect And it stars in its own skin. Max after dark. Oh, Come on. Well, all I'm, Yeah, all you're saying.


It's Got a little weird mustache seventies mustache. No, it's gender neutral. So it didn't, it didn't look like a girl. It doesn't look like a boy. She buried it. And then I got pregnant Right. With Yes. The help of fertility doctors. But still, I am not someone who I say, if it's working for you, go with it. Yeah. And, and I don't pretend to know the answers. I really don't. Yeah. And so I am and I was very impressed. And I have been very impressed by Armenians and by your country. And I'm just like, you guys have this very strong spirit. And I think, yeah. I would give it up for any power that you guys have and this tree. Yeah. Surviving. I have to say it's a powerful thing to see.


It's Cool. My parents, I sent them a picture of it 'cause Liza sent me a picture of the treat. Yeah. And it's, it's surrounded by just charred Yeah. Stuff. And they were really touched and happy that it survived. Oh, good. They were really, really happy. And my mom was not surprised by the way. She kind of knew what, I don't mean to ruin the moment, but I'm just thinking of your mom bearing a baby doll with a huge plastic dick. And, and The dick is sticking out of the soil. And then it, she buried it six feet under, but still. And then it flowers the dick is coming out and then it flowers and a pomegranate comes out the tip of the dick. Oh yeah. Yes, yes. Oh my God.


And your and your mom just turns to a camera and goes, it's the power. A media. Well, anyway, we've ruined another episode of Conan O'Brien before it even started Needs a friend. All right. My guest today is a hilarious comedian and a very old friend of mine, his latest standup special David Spade Dandelion is available for streaming on Prime video. I am thrilled he's here today. I really do love hanging with this guy, David Spade. Welcome.


I think you should roll right when people walk in, because then you see the real, and then when I drop my bullshit act and I start being nice to everyone for the cameras Rolling. Rolling now. Oh, it is. Okay. Now The whole thing where you said bullshit and when you talk about how you hate Italians, I said that. Why Do you hate Italians? I said it on the stairs. It doesn't count. We are on our way in. Thanks for Being here. Do you have like a beginning or is just the beginning? Whenever you're ready. I've seen this show a million times. I'm clear. I love it. When you walked in, they said, you said which one's Conan? No, I know. I knew was taller. Oh, this one with hidden cameras. Yeah. We have Little Dana told me all about it. Oh, you got the backstage.


It's only what to look out for. What's Well, I wanna mention, first of all, yes, you and Dana do a great podcast, fly on the wall. Thank you. And, And you guys get all the backstage dirt on what's going on at SNL over the years. Plus you talk to other people as well, but You get Yeah, we sort of watered down. We sort of ran through You got through everybody. Yeah. You know, once you had talked to Jim Brewer six times, you knew it was, you had to move on. You Gervis is always like, you, you haven't scratched the surface. This there another 900 cast. I go, yeah, but Bill Squa Meyer from 1988, it just, at a certain point we realized, I guess people do like stars. And that's the sad part. Yeah. Mark Ger, by the way, if you don't know Yes.


You've been a manager at Burstein for I think 75 years. 70 to a hundred years. 70 To a hundred years. He used to represent Al Jolson. It's a funny reference, so you should look it up. I know he is old. Yeah. Thank you. Hey, Conan likes money. I guess you don't like money. So he tell me you wanna do a gig in Ottawa tomorrow? I go tomorrow. Ah, sorry. I'll call Dana. He likes money. That's what Gert says to you. Yeah. So he will give you shit about not taking a gig because he says that Dana will take the Gig. Yeah. And he just does it to make you feel bad. Yeah. Yeah. Because they sit there in their office with their feet up and they get 10% of whatever. So they, it's better if you just say yes. And they hang up the phone and go, oh, he is on three flights to Ottawa and I make money.


So it's better if you say yes. The end Of the day. Yes. Oh, they like a yes. Yeah. Yeah. They like a yes. And they don't care what you go through. No, not, not at all. It's a pretty good Gig. It's an Anchorage. You might like Anchorage. Somebody hates Alaska. I don't hate a lot. I don't, I think it's far. It's Okay. I'll break it to Alaska. There. You fans. This is what it's like, you know, having a manager. Yeah. You know, there it's, I, But I have to, I have to say I had the same guy since day one. You know, when I got out here, I will tell you a quick story that, do we have an hour? This is six hours. Okay. This Will fit in perfectly. This one story.


It's exactly 58. Right? It's about how you grew up until this moment. No, This is a good manager story. So, and I know then we'll get into stuff and I will quickly say Mark Gertz. I've known him for a long time. Yeah. And he's, he's a men. He's a good fella. Yeah. I think I, I've only told this story on 17 podcasts. That's okay. Doesn't Matter. Have you ever heard people say this? No. One listens to podcast. I told this. I haven't told this anywhere. Yeah. And, and they ramp it up. Like, I go, I don't want to see this clip because I know it's all set up. Like, like I want you to make it a clip. Like, I shouldn't tell this. This is, but I'll tell this because it's boring. It'll fit right in. Good, good. So I, here's Spady. This is before you knew me before we fell in love. Yeah. This is probably, I'm 22, moved out here doing standup from Arizona at, got my first movie, got $6,000.


I cleared 6,000, bought a car, looked for two weeks, Cohen. And I didn't just grab the first one. Like first Camaro, what you would think. Hot Rod. Yep. I get in Honda Accord, I take the hit, I go, I just gotta get one. It starts every day, buy it cash, drive it to the improv, come out to show my friend stolen. So, no, don't, oh my God. Not even an hour. Wow. And then it's so embarrassing. I'm like, here it is. And I'm showing I'm a little buzzed. I went in and did a shot and I go and I go, maybe it's on K Kia. Hold on. And then we're walking and I go, would it be on Beverly? Wait, let me check the 4 0 5. Because I just couldn't believe like, where is my car? Where did I Park it? You can't believe someone took it. Yeah, I Could.


That didn't even cross my mind. I go, I just don't remember where I parked it. And then the cops go, oh, they probably sold it to you. Kept a key, followed you and took it. And I goes, now what do you do? Spring into action? He goes, you'd think One would, one would think, yeah. He Goes, I like these cops already. One would, One would, he goes, I'm already forgetting about this as I walk back to my car. But I'll say, we're on the case. But anyway, nothing happens. So now I'm back to zero. I have to borrow money and stuff. Anyway, so I, I, I, this is a police academy movie. This is how it started. So I got that movie cleared that, and when I was there, I was so new, didn't know how to act. I wasn't the fine actor I am today. You've become quite the ian.


Yeah. Yeah. So I, I was there and this Bobcat Goldway who was helping me out was like, Hey, this director of mine is here and he is doing a new show on Fox, which just started, this is how old I am. And I said, okay. That's what I, I always wanted like a sitcom or something. He's like, it's a single camera where you're like a high school. Like FBI. I was like, oh, how fun. You know? So I said, how cool. So Fox New network, I don't give a fuck. You know? So great. So he goes, Hey, do you mind reading this script? Right? So he has sides. This is in Toronto during police Cby, did you fucking glue this on to make me look stupid? Glue it on De Cappo. So anyway, I go, okay, so I just read this.


So I just literally read it to him. Yeah. And he is like, great, well, okay, you're not quite there. We'll work with it. I literally knew nothing about acting. Just read it to him like a story. And he goes, All right, but you got a little heat on you. This is what I didn't know. I had done standup at the Improv for about six months. Some casting. I got this job skateboarder in this movie. And so now I get back and I've got those heat on me. Yeah. Which I don't even know what that means. Just like, oh, they're talking about you. So I got a manager. My agent moved to ICM. So now I'm at ICM, which is too big for me. I get home and they go, Hey, this guy offered you that part, the lead in that show. And I was like, wait my own show.


I said, oh my God, this is like a, a crazy. And they go, okay. So they have a big meeting in ICMI think Gervis is there. And they go, here's why we're gonna turn that down. You've got too much heat on you. That's a new network. We want you at NBC. They're doing Cosby Show. They're all that. And we're gonna have a meeting with Brandon tartar sauce, or whatever his name is, and you're going to Tar Sauce. You're gonna get a job there. Yeah. He's heard about you. He's excited. He saw you do standup. I go, oh, I, I don't know. Wouldn't it be better to the, the one I have that's a thousand fucking percent an offer? No, no, no. And maybe like 20 grand a week, whatever, some magnanimous number. So I said, oh, so we're all agreed, all 12 agents, I don't do this.


Okay. So then I meet Tartikoff, they have me read something, right? So I'm now, I'm a free agent. Yeah. And the fucking casting director goes, oh, you're about to go in. I think we're doing these sides now. I should never have taken 'em. I took 'em. I go, okay, I had been coached on a little scene he wanted me to read. Now I walk in and do the police academy, read again, blah, blah, blah. Read it. I leave. Ger goes, all the people that just got a development deal at NBC, take one step forward, not so fast spade. I go, what do you mean? He goes, you were too green. You, they saw you read, you're not ready, but they like it and they're gonna keep an eye on you. And I go, so now what? And he goes, now we hit the PA and start auditioning. So I auditioned for 30 pilots that year and got none. Not even one callback.


I didn't know what I was doing. Right. And then he goes, you know what? Fuck ICM let's leave 'em. Let's go to, there's a smaller agency, Abrams, which is medium. Right? They're good. This guy loves you. And I was spinning out, I, I could not believe what was going on. I'm like, lost everything. Lost my heat. They all think I'm bad. And I got into classes to act. And then I was with this agency, and I swear to you about three years ago where at dinner in Gervis goes. And then ICM fucked him over and dropped him. And I go, no, no, no, I left. ICM remember? He goes, oh, is that what I told you? Oh. And I go, no, what do you mean? Did they drop me? He goes, oh yeah. I go, they, they dropped me. They're the one that fucked me over.


And he goes, I know. I couldn't tell you that though, because it's just a tough biz. They said, we don't need 'em anymore. He didn't, it didn't click. And I was like, Jesus. I said, he goes, you wouldn't have been able to handle that. I said, I would not have, there's no way I couldn't handle that. Just mentally, like the rejection was so piled on by that point. I couldn't deal with it. So then I went and scraped my way over to, you know, SNL or whatever. Well, I, I, I mentioned this the last time you were on, I was present when you auditioned. I went with, and this was not common, but I, I Don't remember this actually. Yeah. I went with, it was not common, but Lauren, there was a showcase. Yeah. And I can never say who was there. I can't remember This. Yeah. Lorne. I remembered I didn't go to a lot of these.


Yeah. But l wanted me there for some, I was a writer at SN l Sure. Young whipper Snapper. And I, hungry, hungry. I go with Lor and Schneider I think was the same night. Yep. And the other guy was Tom Kenny. Tom Kenny. The voice of, oh yeah. This is before he was the voice of Sponge. SpongeBob. SpongeBob And Mr. Show. And so us and watched you guys, and I remembered you were doing okay. And then at the end you did your Michael J. Fox impression and you killed. And I remembered us driving away and Lauren being like, you know, I, I liked the Michael J. Fox guy. And, and then he liked Schneider.


So scary. And so he brought you two in at the same time. And then I remembered getting to know you really when it was those Tuesday nights when we would stay up all night and write, and you and Chris Rock and Schneider would be kind of wandering around to see who had what ideas. Sure. Do you know what I mean? And you'd come in, you'd go like, Hey fellas, anybody got any, Hey buddy. Got any ideas? And Fucking help me out, man. But it's funny because I know you're special. Your standup special is Dandelion. And you have an explanation for why it's Dandelion, which is a little bit about your Character. Fragile. Fragile on the inside. But I always found you, my read on you was always, this is a guy with you.


You always had that kind of tough, not tough, but I would say sarcastic, dismissive, super sharp. Shell shell. But I could always tell you were a very sweet guy underneath. I would say. Yeah. I would say thank you Andy. I kind of agree that it was so tough there. Scary. And it was tough. It's the same reason I was sarcastic in high school. Like, I wasn't as scared of getting beat up at SNL, but in high school and grade school, it was, I was in some bad places that I didn't like. And so it was sort of my thing being a bit of a pip squeak. So getting to SNL was the same thing. I'm just in over my head clearly. And just trying to take it all in and going to doors going, I don't know what to do.


Like here. You know? And like everyone, it just takes so long to, to seep in and then figure out how to write on that legal pad and all that shit. And Yeah. Mean that high tech legal pad stuff. It's, it's a pad and a pen and you just go, go. And then the door closes and I go, go do what? I write a sketch. T I don't know. I don't write my own sketch. Do I write theirs? Do I, who's the host? Do I get to meet a celebrity? But the Thing, I'm sure you guys have covered this on your podcast, but the thing that about SNL that no one understands how, and this is true of a lot of show business, how little supervision there is. Yeah. I mean, you get to SNL and you think someone's gonna tell you, okay, here's how it works. No one tells you anything.


Yeah. They're almost mad you're there. Yeah. Oh they are. You there? Lauren's Lauren's standard line when you'd encounter him in the hall was still with the show. Still with the show. And you'd think, well I think I am To the mo.


Ice cream is extremely creamy. It's basically what regular ice cream wishes it could be. If ice cream were sentient and had thoughts made with high quality ingredients, each bite is a rich, smooth and creamy. And with 48 ounce family size option, there's enough to share. But when the ice cream is this good, well, sharing is optional. Bla you gotta trust me on this. This ice cream is off Dutch charts. That's DA charts. I love my, my favorite is the brownie batter. You like the brownie batter? Oh the best. Yes. So is perfect Tillamook flavor for you. Bla and so creamy Tillamook. Oh. So creamy. Whatever flavor you get, you'll enjoy it. You know, I like things simple like vanilla beans, cookies and cream. Of course. Good chocolate haze or not. Yeah. Find Tillamook ice cream near you@tillamook.com. That's T I L-L-A-M-O-O com.


Sonic's new sweet topped lemonades are redefining refreshment with a multi-layer experience that will change the way you think about lemonade. Mm. That may seem like a highfalutin promise about lemonade, but no it is not. It is a multi-layer experience. Tart all natural lemonade and velvety smooth cold foam for an invigorating, satisfying sip. Each sip layers and layers of sensations. Try now in blueberry, lavender, strawberry, or a classic. Mm. I thought, man, when life gives you lemons, you make lemonade. Life gave these guys lemonade and they made a multilayer experience. It's my car as an oven degrees out. But Sonic sweet top lemonades are cooling things down with blueberry, lavender, and strawberry. It's a sweet little cold front coming in courtesy of Sonic Tri Sonic Sweet Top, lemonades, lip free. It's Sonic.


Haven't you heard the newest fashion trend is finding clothes? It's such attitude up front. Yeah. Haven't you heard the newest fashion trend is finding clothes that feel good and last. That's where Quince comes in. Their lightweight layers and high quality staples will become your new everyday essentials. Quince has all the things you actually wanna wear this summer. Like organic cotton, silk polos, European linen, beach shorts and comfortable pants that work for everything from backyard hangs to nice dinners. I like those kind of pants. I think I'm just gonna hang out in the backyard. Or maybe I'm gonna go to someone's funeral. Either way, I'm all set. You don't have to change. Don't have to change. It's looks good. It's fine. Hmm. Yep. I love items from Quince. What do you like? I love everything from Quince and I shop from there often. Everything is really great, great quality at a very good price. And you wear the pieces. I sometimes, David, many of the time I've stopped you and said, Hey, that looks nice. What are you wearing? And you've said it's Quince. Quince. Yeah. Yeah. Stick to the staples that last with elevated essentials from Quince. Go to quince.com/ Conan for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's almost a year. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/ Conan to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/ Conan.


I told Lauren when we talked to him on the show, 'cause you know it's a little easier to talk to him, to Lauren now when all the stress is gone. It's, he's fun to talk to. 'cause every year he would talk to the managers or whatever and go, Hmm, I don't know. So can they, can you just say he's coming back so he can keep his apartment? Mm. We're not there yet. So I would, for six years I Left my alarm's. The one that stole your car, by the way. Was it? Oh, it's a Honda Court. I love those. Me, me. Someone give me a ruler. I'll jimmy it open. Take that prick. I know how to hot wire it. I learned it in Toronto at university. Things just got worse for you.


So I love that. That was revealed later on too. Miss your Honda Lord, You hold me Back. I thought troll you. I put the drop on you at ICM. Yeah. So anyway, I says, I says, I says, I forgot you're an old Sailor. I says, I says, I says, remember that Farley bit? I says, I says to him, I says right to his face. I says, I says, I says, I says, and I'm like, I, I go afterwards at read through. I go, you're not really gonna do this on update. Yeah. Oh yeah, I am. Yeah. Yeah. I go, is that enough to kill with one, three words? Well watch. And I did. And he did.


It's so, but anyway, I tell, I tell Lord every, every year he doesn't bring me back. And every year I have to get rid. I drag my mattress down, I have to sell it. I fucking get outta my apartment. Then about a month later, can't get ahold of me. He is an agans at no phones. I mean, it's always the funniest, I can't get ahold of him. Then he finally goes, mm. He says yes. So I go back, get an apartment, I'm stressed outta my fucking Gord. And then when we had him on the show, he goes, you were never in any danger of getting fired. I go, Lauren, look at me. There was some danger because maybe in your head, because it all, it did work out. But it took a while. You were there. It took a while for me to get any, you know, you get a few snarky lines here and there. But I was not that valuable. I remember one time Smigel said, Smigel Smigel Smigel is from Lord of the Rings.


That's And he is the lowliest creature. Yes. And then, and then there's Robert Smigel Smigel, who's also in, And so Mike says, 'cause Schneider was acting up or something. And you know, Rob and I have talked about this forever, but we were all handling it differently. And he goes, he goes, Schneider's tough but he is valuable worth having round. And I was like, I wanna be valuable. That's what it hit me. I was like, oh, you want someone to say in a position like we need your value. My goal was like, we need you round. 'cause he can go to Lauren Rob and he'll go, yeah, he's worth it. He, he, he, because Rob is a funny writer, you know? Yeah. And he had a kind of a gruff, abrasive personality back then, if that's fair.


But I was the nice guy finishing last guy and Rob was like, Hey, I'm gonna get in there. But it was working, you know, You know, everyone stuff gets rewritten over time and everybody. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And there's how you experience it. Sure. And this is actually kind of a big, a recurring theme on the podcast that fascinates me. So I revisited a lot, which is I talk to these very famous people who've had incredible success like yourself. And then their take on it is harrowing. I felt like I wasn't gonna make it. Yeah. It was scary. It was touch and go. I squeaked by. And then in the end, things kind of worked out.


But that is not how anybody else sees it. They just see you as being someone who is like, okay, big star on SNL and then in movies and then many TVs sitcom. You're just like a staple. Yeah. But that is not how Right. It feels to you. I think it, it, in fairness, I, I'm pretty objective about it. I mean, most of things I say are lies, but when, when I look back, it was pretty, it was hard for me to get a foothold. I mean, obviously Sandler caught fire pretty quick and he's got so many moves, all these characters and things. Spoon, man, everything was happening so fast.


I was like, holy shit. He really came in loaded. And like Dana obviously is so good on the show and Farley right from the get go. So I just didn't have that. I was sort of just a comedian that could write some funny stuff, but took a while by the end. I do like, I'm lumped in with Farley Sandler Rock. I mean, that's just kind of how it is. Yeah. And I love it. So when I was just on a show, rich Eisen this morning, I mentioned you because I was saying that that chunk when I got there, of, of talent around, which made me better, was running with people better than you. And I said Conan and Smigel and I think Greg Daniels and Yeah. Yep. And all these writers and Downey and you know, I, I could go on and on Frank and, and then you got Neil and all the cast and Mike Myers and our new guys coming in with me and Adam and Chris and Chris Rock and Meadows and shit.


So that was just a big chunk of people that you could look to anyone and go, oh, I can learn something from this guy. I can learn how to write or I can learn how to perform or look at the table, read it took a while to seep in. And then I got better at it. But man, every I could have gotten, if I left any year, I told Gervin I wanna leave. Once he goes, then what? I mean, where do you go? You left us now and it didn't work. Now that's a hard place to be in Hollywood. Yeah. And so he said, just stick, even when I wanted to quit to do movies, he's like, you're getting movies only because you're on snl. Do you understand? Yeah. I go, well, I don't need time to do 'em. Maybe one in the summary. He's like, but if you leave the, it, it, it's hard to explain, but it's true. Yeah. You know? How did you, I'm curious 'cause I remember I was at your audition and I also clearly, clearly remember it's burned into my brain going into Lauren's outer office on the ninth floor, which is one floor above eight H.


His little office where that looks out over the studio. And there Was a watches the cows graze on Fucking Rehearsal. Really? It's, but it's, that's like the office that he moves to later in the week. Yeah. That's not that office high up in the tower. And so when everything shifts to this stage for the second half of the week, Lauren's there and I remembered there would always be people waiting outside to meet with Lauren. And Lauren would keep them forever. And I have a very clear memory of this kind of stout, boyish looking tossled haired guy sitting out on this couch waiting to talk to Lorne for like more than a day. And I went up and chatted with him.


'cause he was Den Kirk's friend and it was Chris Farley. Oh. And then, and he was sitting there and he was super eager and he was laughing real hard. And I would, and so I took him on a tour of the stage and was doing that shtick I used to do where I would, if someone was already hanging a lamp, I'd be like, and hang that lamp. Yeah. And you over there, Joe. I went, I was saying all their names wrong. And if the guy was on a crane, use the crane. That's the way. And Farley was following me around giggling. Oh, you would laugh his ass off. And and he was, and I just said, I love this. He had the energy of a puppy when you first go get the puppy just so much fun. And then you guys found, was it the two of you that realized we have this thing?


Or did someone else see it and go, wait a minute. Yeah. Someone else, you've got this energy of spade and you've got this energy of Farley, it's peanut butter and jelly, let's put 'em together. Yeah. It was probably, it was either Lo or the Turners because the writing, it would be Bonnie and Terry Turner team. Great Writing team. Yeah. Writer. I forgot to say those two. But you know, Lauren's like, maybe something about how they are at the office. I think that's how it all started. Like, I make fun of Chris. He laughs tells me to make fun of him again. He laughs just we walk around, we go to Moose and Frank's or whatever, not Moose and Franks, Wally and Joseph's, what Are they called? Yeah, yeah. In New York. Yeah. And Huxley's and all the places that have been condemned now.


But In furnace they were condemned then you just still, you just still went. They still, yeah. Yeah. Anyway, so then that got, the Billy II got written up. That one with the Turners wrote that first draft and then I think turned it over to Fred Wolf. Turned into Tommy Boy. But that was also because Billy was Billy Madison. Yeah. That summer. That's so funny. But you know, I'm, I'm curious about something. Tommy Boy comes out and not thought of as a success initially, but then very quickly afterwards you find out that it's huge. Is that correct? I think it, it opened number one, but not crazy through the roof. Right. And then, and then after time it was looked upon more fondly over time.


But, but I mean, when the video Went, like the video sales were Insane. I think it went to a hundred million. Yeah. They said the Paramount goes this video, they ordered black sheep after Tommy Boy for the following summer. They're like, start now. We gotta do another one. Maybe while we were before it came out, because we shot it the next summer. So if I could still be doing those, that was the funnest, you know, I leave SNL go to the Simpsons, I come back and Chris, would you just sign that? That's great. He Simpsons it's worth Less. I'm just trying to remember how I know you. The more you tell me are more clues Worthless.


I come back to do the late night show and you guys were also generous and nice. I mean, I'm the new late night host. I'm down on six and I know all you guys and so you're all coming down doing bits. Chris would come down and do bits, which I look at now and they just, they fill me with joy. They also make me sad because he's The one where he runs here in on Letterman. I see a lot on Instagram. Yeah. Yeah. Runs down and grabs a guy. Then he throws in the garbage can. Yes. Yeah. Unreal. That's one of the best pieces of television I've ever seen. Yeah. F fantastic. So funny. Probably not super thought out. He's wearing a thick suit. The funny thing is he would wear like a a t-shirt, then a shirt, then a button down, then a tie, then an overcoat, then a catchme.


I'm like, God damn dude, how do you move? I, because my neck is fucked up, I can't wear more than two layers. He has layers. He goes, I like to feel tight and hugged. I'm like, God damn. But, and then he is running and he's sweating. I'm like, he's like, why am I sweating? I'm like, you have 14 layers on. And That's the other thing, funny thing too, is that he got tagged as the funny fat guy, but he was incredibly athletic and strong. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. He was, I didn't Agile. Yeah. And, and, and he could do all these amazing things with his body. And I think in the same way, his hero Belushi. Yeah. Because he was, you know, paired with like a bean pole arod at the time or whatever.


Sure. He could, you could think of him as the, the heavy guy of the duo. But I remembered him being just such a incredibly physical Comedian. Yeah. I think it's an extra move that is surprising to people. But it's one more funny thing about him. Like he can do those pirouettes. We did that skating sketch, remember? Yep. Bump up the jam. They will. And it was like, Phil was Vern Lindquist or something and I was Scott Hamilton and it was Nancy Kerrigan show and Farley and Nancy Kerrigan. And he kept falling, oh that's gonna hurt him. He kept falling over and over and he got down to like zero points. But he was a really good skater too. And so it was funny that he could skate well and you go, oh, that's a surprising move.


And then when he doesn't eat sort of like ballet, he can do these weird moves. All, all adds to the funny. Yeah. Yeah. Well he is missed. Yeah. Must be. I mean, I know that you had an incredibly close relationship with him. I miss him and knew him as like a friend and a guy that I would do things with from time to time. But clearly it was must. I hope Time has made that I'm sure. Yeah. Easier thing to handle. Yeah. I mean we were all pretty close with him. And so any, any of that stuff. I remember one time he goes, I don't wanna be known as the funny fat guy. I go, what'd you take?


The fat funny guy? And he said, it's a little better. Yeah. But I remember seeing you at another, this is another Sad Norm's memorial. Yeah. Where something did happen. Funny. Not the dying part, but there was other stuff that was going on. Right, right. By the way, it was like, brought you by Netflix. It was something. 'cause I remember going To Talk. Yeah. And there was like a crane shot or something. I'm starting to cry and they're like, push in. I'm like, is there camera Dolly coming at me? What Was that? I, I spoke, I don't know if I was MCing it or you can't mc at the Funeral. You know, it's funny, But It always just turns into that. Let's be honest. No, no, No. It's true.


It turns into, I think I, I spoke doing well. I spoke about him up front and talked about him. Yeah. And then brought other people up on stage. Yeah. But the two things that I remember are Lori Jo is sort of running it or whatever. And I said, Lori Jo, she goes, can you speak? And I said, I'm not good at that. I said, I would do it if I just do it right away up front, because I don't wanna sit there and rot while thinking of, oh. And I was so, she goes, okay. It was like Downey went up. Yeah. Standing ovation. I'm gonna bring Conan up, standing ovation. Lori Joe goes, then I think you bring her up, she gets to standing ovation. And then we finally get back to you and you finally go, All right, we're gonna bring up some friends, David fate. And so I walked up and I go, well I guess the standing ovation portion is over because I was the first, which Killed, by the Way.


Yeah, that was a good one. I should have gotten off. Honestly, that was the fucking funniest thing that happened. And then, but when I walked up, I fell on those fucking stairs. Oh. And you caught me, I think. And you grabbed me and I think you fell too. Yeah. I'll tell you. I know exactly what happened. Yeah. It's, we're in this goofy, I don't know what venue we were at, where we were. But you went up, you tripped on the stairs. Yeah, I think I did catch you. You don't weigh a lot. So that was easy. It was like catching a packing peanut. 94 90. I don't know. That's that's generous. Nine four kilos. You fell and you started to float. And I grabbed you. You're like a balloon. Yeah. But then I thought, what's wrong with Spain?


Why did he trip on that step? So then cut to me with spade, what's wrong with fucking spade? He can't walk up Stairs. Stay Apart. So then you do your thing. I go up to then take the stage again to bring up the next person. My foot catches on something on the step and I trip and I turned it into like a roll and stood up again. And people thought, oh, Conan's doing like physical shtick. Bet. Yeah. But then I walked off stage and I said to the guy that Step Spades tripped on it and I tripped on it. And the guy went, yeah, that happens a lot. We should fix that someday. Yeah. He knew. He said, we should fix that someday. And I'm like, yeah, what happens when Dame Judy Dench is killed?


I mean, the two of us can take a fall. You know what, what happens when it's the, It was pretty funny to me that he kept going. Like, it felt like most people trip. And I'm like, well this isn't anomaly. Like with, with me. I look over and thought he'd be like this. He was like this, like, yep. Another one. Bites at Dust. Another One. Yeah. And then he said like, I, I, I, I went into it with him a little bit. I went, what do you mean? He was like, well, you know, it's higher than, than the other steps. Like e each other step is exactly three, four inches. So he used to like this, this, this, the one's tiny. So then there's one that's like five. And he said, and it's also uneven and it's coming off. You're like, fix it. And there's also an earthquake That's not my union. You know?


So, I mean, I don't know how many of these funerals you host, but you did, you did a good job. I have, you know what's weird? I became the funeral guy because I've done a bunch. Oh really? Boy. And, and I really fret over them and worry about them because it's, it's not just a regular thing. You're really, really trying to think of who was this person? And now they're starting to rack up where it's like, I've, I've done a bunch now. Too many. It's hard. You're good at that stuff. You're Doing the popes. I'm doing the popes When I is the popes gonna be in la Like, can you get me in this? My friends always wanna get tickets to shit. Can you get in this, Can I just have to tell this one story? Which is, I have to tell this 'cause it's a Lauren story.


But, but after nine 11, you know, there was like months and months and months of cleanup and it was an area that you couldn't go to. But sometimes people went, went down there and Mike Sweeney ran into Lauren somewhere and Lauren knew that Mike Sweeney was my head writer. And they're, they're chatting for a little bit. And then my, and then Lauren to be magnanimous said, have you been down to ground zero? And, and, and, and Mike Sweeney went, no, I haven't. He went, would you like to? And suddenly ah, yeah. Sweeney pictured a velvet rope. And you are a Sweeney, but look Yes, yes. Right this way. And there's the big pitch And we, we called ahead. Yeah, I'll have the veal.


And I'd like to be near that part of What I kept saying, which was never working, was I might head down to ground zilch. And everyone's like, didn't catch on. Huh? Ground zip. And they're like, you're talking about the nine 11 where people died. I go, no, no, I'm talking about something else. But that was tragic. But yeah, I went down there like a week later 'cause there's a nine 11 benefit where we all flew in and there was a concert and Adam went on. Everyone went on and they took us down. It was one of the perks. Oh my God. It's it was a weird time. It was so weird. Such A crazy time To be, it was like a humble brag. I went down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Do you get close? Yeah. I got a little souvenir, but nine 11.


Yeah. I know. You think it's funny. It not funny. But, but yeah, my friends, my friends. It's noted that you left my friends. Go Sona, can I get Sona? What the fuck is wrong with you? You so funny. You're a monster. I'm crying Monster. We are doing a thing about how it's not funny. Yes. And then you start laughing. That's awful. No, it is awful. It's awful. I'm still, you're young and stuff. But we lived there and we went through it. He said ground Zilch. Yeah. That was funny. Let's Not forget he said ground Zil never forget. Let's not forget. Never forget. It means nine 11. Yeah. Yeah. Not forget that. David Spade called it ground zilch. Never forget, let's never forget. Never forget the terrible day. No. That spade called it ground Zilch.


You're a monster. Come on, let ask you about Norm. Okay. You did stuff on, you were on the road with Norm. And a lot of us when Norm passed were shocked. And I kept thinking, oh, I must have been the only person that didn't know. Oh. But, and people all thought, well Conan, you knew Norm and he was right. Does cla his classic appearances on your show and dah, dah, dah da. And I was like, I know. We were desperately trying to get him back. I desperately wanted Norm on my last episode. Oh. We were trying to get him and not getting an answer back. And I thought, well, he just doesn't wanna come. And I was bummed about it.


Sure. But thought he's probably got other things to do. That's too bad. Get these all time. Great guest. And then he, he dies. And I just thought, well, I didn't know, but everyone else must have known. And then Jim Downey called me and said, you know, more or less Conan fuck you for not telling me about Norma. And I said, Jim, I didn't know. And he and, and Jim Downey said, I would think Downey might know. No, Jim didn't know. Yeah. Did you Know I did not know. And I And you were touring with him? Well, I'd done some gigs with him and then before COVID me, him and Dennis Miller was our last one together. But great, super fun. Obviously. And then, but, but you know, we would talk and he, it was more about coming over for dinner.


Same thing where he didn't tell me. 'cause he'd go, no, I can't. And then I, he goes, I go, well it's just me and you sitting 10 feet apart, but something to do. And he is like, yeah, okay. For sure. And then that night I go where he goes, David, it's COVID. And I go, what is it? So you're not coming, we're not supposed to leave the house. I go, I know, but we've talked about this. Like you're allowed to go places. And then, oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, well let's do it next week then. And then he just did that routine and then until it was too late. But I didn't know. So I don't know. Who knew? I think Gertz knew and maybe, I think Gerts. Laurie. Joe. Joe. Yeah. I think that's about it. Yeah. And, and I think, I mean, I, I think two things about it, and they're diametrically opposed.


One is I wish I had known 'cause I would've told him what he meant to me. Yeah. And there's that feeling of feeling I wish I had known. And so initially I was mad that I didn't know. Yeah. And then there's the other side, which is great respect for him wanting to keep it private. Yeah. And him not wanting people to treat him any differently because he was sick. Yeah. I don't know. I I, so I I have both feelings at the same time. Yeah. I feel the same way. Like I, it was just so overwhelmingly horrible that I just like, then I later it took me how it affected me, where like it was, I was mad at him.


Yeah. But I'm by the way, just not to lighten up the load the the feel here because I know it's getting sad. But when we were at the memorial or whatever that special was For Norm. Yeah. Yeah. Where we watched Were you, we were watching the special, remember that we watched his special, that's why the cameras are there. That's A separate, that was, that was a thing. Wasn't that a at, after the memorial We, The room talking about, you're talking about two different things. No, there was, there was a, a kind of a Oh, okay. Eulogy. Yeah. For Norm that I sort of spoke at again and brought people up. And then there was a separate thing where Norm had made A Netflix session. He was planning to do a, he was plan.


It was fascinating. He was planning to do an hour and he had an hour together or 50 minutes. And he really had it in his mind. And he knew, I think, I believe, and Lori Jo would know better. I don't wanna speak for her, I believe, but I think he was planning to go into the hospital for what he thought was gonna be Something Routine maintenance. Yeah. Routine maintenance treatment for his condition. So what he did was, he said, before I go into the hospital, I wanna record. So he recorded using similar technology In Amateur way, like just a, Literally just a camera there. Yeah. I mean we're doing Here is far or something sophisticated. And he did from memory, his whole Yeah.


50 minutes. And it was really funny. Yeah. That was funny. And great. He goes into the hospital and he dies and then Lori Jo found the tape. Yeah. And they thought to round out the special or to give it something else. Let's have you, me, Sandler Chappelle Letterman. Who else was there? Was it One more? Molly? Molly was there. Molly Shannon. A bunch of I That was it might have been. It. It was, and and had us watch it. We hadn't seen it. Watch it in real time. That part was a little weird because, And then Talk Camera was filming us. Yes. And then talk about it right afterwards. Yeah. And that part, I mean, I think it came out really well, but I remembered being, it was very powerful to be in a room and have everyone else leave and shut the doors and then show and then suddenly Norm was there.


Yeah. And he's, he's being hilarious. And we're laughing and loving it and then it's over. And then I think we just started talking about It. All teary eye parts though. Because you can, you're just watching 'em going and then you start drifting your mind going, okay, it's over this, it's right before. And then we talk and then it's funny 'cause we're all talking. And then also we're like, just a weird scene. Yeah. Would that ever be released? Do you think It was, I think it, it won an Eight. I didn't realize that. Yeah, It was Netflix. I think it's on Netflix. Concise. Oh. Oh, your mistakes get Oh yeah. Cut out. That's nice. Yes. It won a no, it Can you edit out me laughing at nine 11?


No, no, no. Okay. Because we never forget. Oh, nothing's Special. We never forget who thinks called. Nothing funny, Special, funny though. Yeah. All right. It's called Nothing special. And it won an Emmy. Was it called? Nothing special? What's that? Was it called Nothing special? Yeah. Yeah. Norm McDonald, the thing that you guys are watching is aired. Yeah. The whole His Material. No, no, no. Just, and just so we're, has he clear Listening? This is his first podcast. Is he new? He won, he won a contest. Is he a contest he gets to sit in? Yeah. He's a contest winner. He got to fly in and, and we didn't, he told him not to talk and then he Loves that. I make fun Of that microphone isn't even real. Yeah, no. It was the special was you see itch plays, norms special. And then you see our reaction to it. Okay. So that's the whole, so you see both.


Sorry. No, that's okay. Don't be sorry. Yeah, don't be sorry. I, I, I, and that's humanity. You should feel terrible about your crimes. Oh, okay. We should edit that Out. You know, we'll edit all that out at the memorial. The first one with the dolly shots, whatever that one was. Yeah. That you were falling everywhere. Did, when people die, I, and I am, I'm mourning them. I tend to do a tumbling act. Yeah. A little bit just to sort of loosen up The crap alive. Also, by the way, I think it was like four inches and the next one was like nine inches. Because everybody, their toe hit that fucking thing. I'm still mad about that step, but I left in between that and then there was like a part two, or maybe it was the, I'm confusing him, but I had to come back. Yeah. So I had about, or I just left during it because it was getting too sad.


So I ran out, this is when I went to McDonald's and in the Amazon special, I talk about that exact Yeah. Thing. I went to McDonald's in my suit and was in line and the crazy guy comes outta the bushes and starts, takes off. She says smacking. Yes. The guy ordering. Yep. So I go, let's back up, but let's park. I don't, I wanna watch. So I went in and that whole thing takes place from the Nor McDonald thing. I Didn't real. Okay, so that happened from the norm thing? Yeah. That's a real story. And it was really happening. And I did get scared when he came in because I thought we were gonna get in a fight. First of all, I want it noted that someone, you were very close to a colleague and a cherished person passed away and you were president at the memorial, but walked out halfway through to go to McDonald's.


But also, But then something funny happened, which you could use in your special Because Dandelion. So I guess we got my set. I've already done my set. Yeah. Yeah, you did your set. So then you're outta there. I scored and now it's time for some chicken McNuggets. So yeah. Gets, I try to sound real and it, it's too many comics there and I'm trying to sound like, say nice stories about Norman. Everyone's just looking for punchline. It's such a weird scene. 'cause it's all comedians and you're just like, I'm just gonna leave here. And everyone's gonna be like, who did? Well, you know what I mean? It's like that's Everything. It is. Okay, let's talk about this. This is a real phenomenon. Yes. Where a funny person dies. Yes. Who are they? Who are their friends?


Other funny? Yes. Professionally funny people. We get together when people pass on when they die and there's a gathering. People speak, but you've got a room full of people who are competitive about getting up and being funny. And it's a strange, it's very weird phenomenon. These things are weird because you think, Nope, it's not about that. But there's some part of you that wants to do well And there's some nerves and some awkwardness. And I think it started, I went to Gary s Channelings. Yep. Funeral. And then everyone was like, Phil Mar did great. Yeah. I kept going. And then I was saying, but Can I say something? Mar used props and that and I, and I, he had a lot of balloon.


He was doing balloon work. Oh, he Was? Yeah. I don't remember that. Had some stuff I remember. Remember it clearly. And he had a whole trunk. Like, like Gallagher or Gallagher two that Was being filmed too. Yeah. I think Ow film. Yeah. They had, yeah. Filming for something, for a documentary. Oh, I Thought Gallagher was, sorry, I got confused. What's, I thought, I thought Gallagher. So you guys are here to help. Is that the Idea? No, we're, we're, we're She's throwing confusion in I am. You should do Gallagher. Three. Three. Do you know what Gallagher two is? Gallagher two is his brother. Yeah. And he does Gallagher's act. Right. But I think, are they, have they both passed onto their reward? I think Gallagher one. Well, according to this podcast, I'm sure they did because everyone's dying so far that we talk about. I know you Guys are talking a lot. Well, I'm sorry. Its it's a lot of Deaths.


I'm sorry. We're jinxing Everyone. I know. We are two survivors here. You know, we're Sona, you're and you young people. You don't know what it's like. We, we have been through the shit. We're like, guys that were in war together, We're like in the Titanic. We're just talking about it. SNL together. I don't think that's, I know it a lot like the Titanic Nel. That's All right Now. God, we talk about sn l forever. It's so embarrassing. But it, it is something to talk about. Right? He said doodling. Hey, if you're bored, just let me know. No, I'm not. I think this is, I actually love talking about this stuff and it's meaningful to me. And for you to, No, because we were both there. If you wanna take a break and go to McDonald's, go ahead and I'll just keep talking. You can get yourself the M griddle, whatever it's called. No, I almost got beat up.


That's a big story. You're not even concerned. Well, let's hear about it. Oh, I can't.


When the world feels stuck in serious mode, fruity pebbles and cocoa pebbles burst into unleash pure childlike creative energy. One awesome bowl at a time. And a shout out to my brother Neil. Yeah. Who is nuts. So for Fruity Pebbles and Cocoa Pebbles. Yeah. Many a time When Neil and I get together, even now in our advanced age, first thing we do is have some fruity pebbles or cocoa pebbles. Neil, I'm thinking about you. Eating Pebbles is a full sensory experience, delicious taste, mouthwatering aroma, vibrant colors, and crispy flakes in every heaping spoon. It's amazing. The texture is so great. Those little flakes. Fruity pebbles are tangy and intensely fruity. Cocoa pebbles are rich and chocolatey just like they should be. 'cause it's go go like an instant treat. Pebble cereals are loved by kids and adults who like the magic spans generations. When was the last time you could say that about any product? Yeah. They turn every bowl into pure milk Magic. Fruity or chocolatey. That's my favorite part. Yeah. Make your breakfast less blah. Yeah. More Yaba Daba. Do head to your nearest grocery store to buy a box of delicious pebble cereal. Now don't do it tomorrow. Don't do it yesterday. Do it now. Yaba dba Do in the Flintstones and all related characters and elements. Copyright and trademark. Hannah Bara.


This episode of Con O'Brien Needs a friend is brought to you by McDonald's. All new mc crispy strips. Mm hmm. New Mick crispy strips are here. I've been waiting. I've been waiting patiently. Yeah, you have. And then just the other day, the Tom Crya came down the street and said, here you he, the new mc crispy strips are here. It's chicken made for dipping tender juicy white meat chicken with the golden brown pepper breading it's chicken. So good. It deserves its own sauce. The creamy chili mc crispy strip dip. Say that nine times fast. We'll get arrested. A sauce that's creamy, savory, and sweet with a little heat. But it works with any of their sauces, you know? Yeah. New mc, crispy strips with a new creamy chili mc crispy strip dip. Oh my God. They're trying to get me, but they didn't. It's McChicken made for dipping. I've lost my mind.


I very much enjoyed your special, did you watch it? Yeah, I did. Oh my God, That's, I watched it last. Nice. What are you talking about? When I talked to a friend and they have a special, I, and you know, I Nice. You know what I, what I liked is that you've got very funny material. You're obviously a very funny comedian, but when you notice something that's just happening in the real moment and fuck around about it. I know. You're one of my favorites. And one of the first things he does in the special is you're talking, and I didn't even notice it, but I realize you're kind of doing that thing when there's a long cord mic cord, your cord mic cord, and you're trying to run. And you went, by the way, the cordless mic was invented in 1996, guys. And it's, it, it's hilarious. And it's not even part of the set that you had planned.


And then you go on this whole riff about Jeff Bezos. Yeah. And, and Give me a shitty mic for my fucking specialist. Yeah. And I noticed this at the SNL 50th, and I know I'm bringing SNL back into it. Yeah. But for a reason, you did a sketch in that and at one point, you're not even in the sketch anymore and you ad-libbed a line. That was one of my favorite lines of the night. That's Right. You told me. That was very nice. And, And, and I mean, it absolutely was hilarious. Which is a sketches going on. You take us through it. I'm doing a sketch with Malaney and Pete Davidson, Broadway, New York musicals. Yeah. So it's kind of a long sketch. And, and, and it's about the evolution of New York throughout the different eras. Like starting out in 75 when SNL starts out and then a bunch of people saw this is, I Mean, and Peter like two young kids.


Yeah. And he's telling us the story of how it started. Yeah. Yeah. And so as we go through it, I, I don't know if they predicted this, but of course I got bored during it. So they have me, they write me in the middle of it. I walk in and I sit in the audience. You're in The audience suddenly. So it's, which All the way people don't really know you. Like, suddenly you're not there, but you don't quite clock that. Right. And then all of a sudden they just, They wonder where's David goes? He goes, listen Jimmy. And then he goes, wait Pete, he just breaks character. Where's Spade? And he goes, oh, I think he went back to the audience and sat in the audience. And then they look around and then they have a camera at me and I'm sitting in the audience and they cut to me and I go, oh yeah, no, I got a feel for it.


So I, I, but, and so I asked around and I think that was you, was that your line? Well, they gave me a line and it was something like that. Yeah. And then they, Wally goes, I'm not gonna give you a cue card. You got it. And I go, yeah. And then when it came to me in rehearsal, I said that, which was basically something like the line and then Right. But you said it your way. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And you were so dismissive and it was so, it was so thrown away. You're like, nah, I got a feel for it. And I, you know, I laughed very hard a bunch of times that night. That might've been my favorite moment. Thank you. That was fun. 'cause we didn't rehearsal and it worked. And then Melania was like, just do it like that. Like whatever. So it was perfect. It was, it was fun to be at the 50th and it was fun to ha be in something because, you know, we just go and I thought Lovet is line was funny too.


Oh My God. They, they didn't, that Levitt is at the American Girls Store. He's sitting so far away. He's so, he's, you know, they have people sitting and he is at the American Girls Store and what was his line? He's, and and they go, 'cause they have the All stars in the audience, but you can't fit everyone. And they go, where's John LUTs? And then they pan to the am the Real American Girls store. He's sitting with all these dolls around him and they go, oh. Johnny goes, I'm not mad. I just wanna know why They Go, sorry, John, that you're all, you're all the way over across the street in the American girls. I'm not mad. I just wanna know why. Like, he doesn't get, there's not enough seats. He's like, We had a crazy night. I dunno if you're gonna remember this. It wasn't that crazy. But we occasionally get dinner together.


Yeah. It'll be, and when I say we, it's you, it's Dana Carvey, it's myself. It's the same group. We always go to the exact same restaurant on La Sienenga. Yeah. Coi love it. And it's this thing we do. And we'll just sit around and talk. And I remember one night to, we don't, it wasn't planned. It was a total accident. We're leaving the restaurant and we hear hell, hello and it's John Levits. What do we have here? What Do we have? Him and his, and he is, he has always himself. And he's always, he's one of the funniest people you'll ever meet because he's always himself and the, whatever he's doing, if he's standing with an attractive woman, he'll say, oh, and this is, you know, and this is Jessica.


And then he'll look at me in front of her and say, jealous. He's always very, he's a walking cartoon character. And he, he does play the John Lovis. He doesn't, he he does what you want to hear. But We were with him and we're all talking to him. And then I, I I, I can't believe this really happened, but we all walk outside the restaurant and Levit is standing there and he said, hold on, they're delivering a car for me. And they delivered like an one of those trucks. Oh yeah. Yeah. Was delivering a car to him at the restaurant. What? I don't mean like an Uber. I don't mean, I mean he was taking possession of a fancy car and looked to me and was like jealous.


Yeah. I was jealous Dude. As they were lowering a car. You a Porsche, sir. Yeah. And I thought, who, who the fuck says yes? Well, yeah. So I'll take possession of my Bugatti and I'll be over at Co Yeah. Looking for old friends from Saturday Night Live. Wait till you see me standing with them and then pull up When you see me standing there and you see with them with their shitty cars. Yeah. Make sure you wait. Oh man. And then back up and have the car delivered. And it was, it was a happening. I loved that. Yeah. Yeah. We love it. This is always a cracker, but he does have tons of cars. I'm shocked. I like cars. He has way more. He pulls up, do you like it?


You like it? He goes, how can I, because he goes, you should get a Mustang. And he pulls up and this new blown out Mustang goes, how can I get you in this car trying to sell it? Yeah. He is always a crack up. Oh, also, you, you did the Mark Twain. I saw you at the last Mark Twain that I was in, which was the samr. Yeah. That was a really funny one. Was yours? Was yours fun too? Yeah, It was a lot of fun. Yeah, it was a lot of fun. I it was more fun than I thought it was gonna be. I like, I really like showing up for other people. Yeah. Being talked about. Of course. Is Is It weird? I was dreading and then I loved it. Yeah. Just because everyone was so funny.


And your Ference. Yeah. I just saw the lineup out there on the poster that you signed for yourself or something. But it was on Other people And Signed it to me. I know exactly what happened, but No, I stood with a marker and I signed Letterman Malaney It, it's part of your deal sign here. I signed everyone else's name on it to pretend I Was with Nikki Glaser in Vegas. And she gallantly took a, We did our show. Yep. And she goes, I'm gonna miss your set. I'm going straight to the airport. Went straight on the red eye to you. Got it. Together. I mean, she killed, that's a brutal. She killed and I was to do just in Vegas yesterday. Oh. And ran, I think drove by seven different signs that now hope Are me and Nikki.


Yeah. For you and Nikki. And I adore her. Yeah. She's great. I adore her and I adore you. I love the idea of you two. It is fun. Yeah. Being out there together. And that would be a show. I would love to see that show. Yeah. You'd laugh. It's funny. We just, and like what you're saying earlier, it's like when you do corporate shows, you probably do those when you, Dana and I do a bunch of 'em and he fucking kills. He's exactly what they want. He Exactly. I'm pretty much what they want when he's exactly what they want. But whenever you do anything in actually any show when I'm on the road this tour, if you say anything that they don't think is scripted, like that mike thing, or you say something about this or you make fun of the guy over here with the lights, it always works 10 times better than whatever you're really supposed to say.


Yeah, of course. Yeah. It's so funny that it always works that way. One time I was doing this corporate, and this is just a dumb example, but it was like three nights one night was like Stevie Nicks me and then Journey, right? So the, I'm going backstage, they're like, and don't forget tomorrow night we got David Spa coming. But don't forget Tomorrow Night Journey, they would put over loud. Speaker Chef wrote six times before I go on, I go, Hey guys, I don't wanna hear one fucking more thing about Journey. Okay, we're here tonight. I don't give a fat fuck about Journey and all their contest winners that are in that, it's not even all Real Journey. And I'm ready to break it to you. But I said, we're here and I'm here and it's gonna suck and we're gonna get through it. And then you get your Precious journey And then that works better than the whole act.


Of course. Anything else? Anything like That. Anything else you've got. And then I go, anyway, dogs are funny and they're like, oh, I smell your act. Go back to journey. Yeah. You really got it with that journey thing. Say shit about anything else, David, I've kept you here long enough. God, that did go fast. Conan. I have to say We did a good job. We, I it was nice and fun and you were Great was I think I did a good job. You Did a great job. You were all over the map. I think Sona and I did the best Work here. Yeah. I think me and Matt in your own way Killed it. We learned about, oh, building seven over there. Yeah. Jesus Christ. Oh my God. 37.


So to end on a positive note, Pearl Harbor. Yeah, There we go. He Sona doesn't know what you're talking about. David. Yes. On a serious note, I've known you. I wanna, I don't know, I think it was 1989, something like that. 1990. I can't remember. It was a long time. I've known you a really long time and I'm always really happy to see you and Thank you. It's really easy. You, You are a deeply funny thank you person and also a sweet gentleman. I've, you always known you to be that, That sweet rumor. I hopefully, hopefully it's sticking around. Yeah, We're getting it, we're getting the word out there. It's not trending well, people aren't buying it, but there's a lot of pushback on it.


But David Spade Dandelion is available to stream on Prime video. I watched it last night. Very nice. I really appreciate It. It's really funny. And that's it. You're a good man On the road. Come see me. And so I know your friend Adam. Tell your friend Adam, I said hello. Actually, someone said they, there is a house over there by you guys for, I don't even know where you live exactly. But we keep it that way. Didn't you get, didn't it get close to you? Yeah. You can take this out. Oh, oh, no, no, no, no. It's, it's fine. The fire's got Sandler and I live very close to each other. Yeah. I lived closer to the fire than Sandler. Sandler. But can you still live there or you cannot? Yes, I Can. Yeah. Oh, great. Yeah. Yeah. Great. Our, our we're gob, you know?


Yeah. I'm very lucky. We were very fortunate that our house was close. Yeah. And we had to, we had to move out of it for a couple of months, but it was just smoke damage. Sorry to bring that up, but Yeah. I'm glad your is okay. So You saw us getting out with some good sentiment Yeah. And some good feeling. And you brought up the fires. Yeah. I said quickly I was rocking my brain chat. GPT what's the saddest thing that's happened recently? Three fires and latte and, And, and it goes, this show's over. I wouldn't bring it up. I go So wait, so chat. GPT knew. Yeah. Even they knew that it was a mistake. Oh no. They knew everything they did. I would've ended on the journey bit. Yeah.


That really killed. Yeah. I thought you had timing. You're proving. Yeah. All right David, I hope I see you real soon. Yeah. Gimme, gimme about a hundred yards ahead Of you and then You take off. Yeah. Alright, thanks. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aren Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns.


Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Con. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash Conan. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded,


Look, if you've got prescriptions, the Walmart app is your place to manage them, transfer your scripts, refill them, and have them delivered straight to you. Migraines managed allergies alleviated. Dermatology, Derma delivered. Ding-Dong. Is that your pizza? Nope. Walmart pharmacy delivery with a refill. Switch to Walmart and manage your prescriptions in the app. The Walmart you thought you knew is now new delivery not available for all prescriptions. Exclusions apply.


Psoriatic arthritis symptoms can be unpredictable. I had joint pain and I couldn't move like I used to. I needed relief. I got Cosentyx. It helped me move better. Cosentyx Secukinumab is prescribed for people two years of age and older with active psoriatic arthritis. Don't use if you're allergic to Cosentyx before starting get checked for tuberculosis. And increased risk of infections and lower ability to fight them may occur like tuberculosis or other serious bacterial, fungal, or viral infections. Some were fatal. Tell your doctor if you have an infection or symptoms like fevers, sweats, chills, muscle aches, or cough. How a vaccine or plan to, or if inflammatory bowel disease symptoms develop or worsen serious allergic reactions and severe eczema like skin reactions may occur. Learn more at 1-844-COSENTYX or cosentyx.com. Ask your rheumatologists about Cosentyx.