
Supercuts knows what you think. It's a quick, cheap haircut. You can get almost anywhere. Well, you're right about quick. Okay. I'll give you that. Yes. I'm gonna give you that one. You're right about quick. But Supercuts is not that cheap. It's not a bargain basement chop shop. Like some discount options out there. You got the wrong idea about Super cuts, if that's what you're thinking. Yeah. Super Cuts just happens to have 2000 reputable salons full of trained proficient stylists who give great haircuts at reasonable prices. Right. Not some cheap chop shop. In fact, if you were to imagine a brand that was visited by nearly 25 million people last year with a satisfaction rating of 96%, man, wow. I Wish. This podcast had that 96% satisfaction. That's a lot. That's almost everybody. That's almost everybody. Yeah. What, what brand would come to mind if you were thinking about that would Super Cuts. Probably not But. it should. That's the point. Supercuts is super convenient. Their salons let you check in at a time that works for you. That's what I like to, sometimes I try to make a, an appointment at a salon. Yeah. And. I say, you know what? Time works for me. And the person on the phone says, I don't care. You gotta come in. When we tell me tell you to come in, that's when you gotta come in. Okay. Yeah. And I'm like, whoa, this isn't, so I'm like a salon for me. Do you happen to know where Super Cuts is? Oh, good. Then they go, girl, Supercuts wins again. Supercut. Super convenient. The salons let you check in at a time that works for you@supercuts.com. Or just walk right in. It's your hair. It's your goal.


Sonic has really done it this time. Yep. They've achieved the perfect balance of texture and flavor with their latest burger. The new Sonic Smasher. Yeah. And Triple Sonic Smasher. Oh my God. They broke the barrier with this one. They've got made to order smashed and seared Angus patties that are crispy around the edges and juicy in the middle. I always ask for that and no one can do it. But Sonic, to top it off, there's tangy smasher sauce, creamy melty American cheese, crinkle cut pickle, diced onions, and it's all served on a pillowy soft potato bun. Yeah. God bless you. Sonic. Try the Sonic Smasher today and don't forget to add a half price drink when you order in the app. Live free Eat Sonic.


Hi, my name is Deon Cole. And I. Feel amazing about being K O'Brien's friend. Well, I'm glad you say that. Yeah. 'cause we've known each other, I think it's been 50 years since I first met you. I think I was three. Yes. I was three when we met. And they were like, what are you doing with that white stranger? Who's that White lady? I don Back to school.


Ring Bell shoes. Walking. loose the fence. Hey there. Welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. And I. I'm sorry. Every time I say Hey there. And welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Matt, you do a little look to Sona. You share this little look. And you've been doing it for five years. Yeah. And it's making me angry. Do you Wanna know what it is? Yeah. I think we're looking at each other to see Are we gonna laugh? But What Is, It What. Is It. That's so funny about me saying Hey there. Welcome. Well, 'cause your voice drops and you get very kind of pseudo broadcaster.


You go Hey there. I don't think it's that bad. No. I'm exaggerating for effect. But you do change your voice a little bit. I Just, so what would, after the Shenanigan, That's the thing. That's the part after all these, you do a lot of things that are just bananas. You know what, I do a lot of weird stuff before we start rolling. Yes. And then I think it's, that's it. It's the transition. Yes. Yes. Yes. 'cause I was just going on some crazy series of ticks, microaggressions, yes. Throwing props around. And then all of a sudden it stops. And I go Hey there. Welcome to, and that's why you look at each other. That's, and there's also this feeling of like, we're two kids in school trying not to laugh in class. You know what I mean? Yeah.


Or in church. Yeah. Yeah. We got the church giggles. Did, you, when you were in church growing up, you went to church regularly. No. No. So how do you Yeah, it's like when you're in church. Oh, you went to church. I never did heard. I've heard of the Church giggles. But they wouldn't let her in. They'd be like, not you. No. There I went, I went for Easter. Yep. And then, you know, I'm Armenian. I went to like a wedding every weekend or a funeral or Right. You know, quickly, because I stopped. I didn't get to say, oh, and Sonas here, and Matt's here, blah, blah, blah. And that's probably what I'm gonna do from now on. But it, I, I'm interested, interested in this because I'm thinking now about growing up and going to St.


Lawrence Church on Route nine in, in Brookline with my family every Sunday. And when you're a kid, all I was trying to do was think of things that would make my brothers and sisters laugh. Oh God. And what I realized was foolproof was to full on commit to singing the song. And what's great is you can't get in trouble for that. That's great. You know what I mean? You can't, it wasn't me like doing faces or anything like that. It was just me full on committing to whatever the song we were singing in Hosanna here, the highest. And if anyone got Gimme a look, it's like, Hey, what's wrong with you?


I'm filled with the spirit of Christ. You can't get mad at me. It was foolproof. Yeah. I loved it When you guys came to church, was even the priest like, oh fuck the hill brighten Must Oh my God. I'll tell you exactly what would happen. I will tell you, you know what I'll do, I'll tell you exactly what happened. Okay. Picture this, you know, mass is at, you know, 10 30 in the morning, St. Lawrence Church, route nine, Brookline Mass. It starts at 10 30. And the O'Brien's, and remember, there's six of us, plus my parents, plus my grandmother at one point. So nine of us would come crashing in.


Of course we're late. I think I've mentioned this before. I never saw, saw the beginning of a movie because my father was, people who knew. My dad used to call it O'Brien time, Dr. O'Brien time. He was, we were late for everything. It was not the kids. It was your dad. No, it was not the kids. Wow. It was, you know, so we, anyway, we'd all get piled into this one goofy station wagon, and we'd go up Route nine and we would come in late. Now, if you come in late at a Catholic mass, and I'm thinking this goes for everything. I think if you came in late at Temple, if you came, you know, whatever where, what, whatever religion we're talking about, my guess is that you sort of stay in the back. Right? Yeah. Yeah. No, my father would, ins he wanted to be up front.


And so my father would be late and he would just start going and be like, TA ta, let's just sit back here. There's a, there's a pew weight back here. And he'd be, he'd make a face a big smile. So, no. And he'd be like, follow me, follow me. And we had to follow him. And he'd be going, he kept going. And people were looking, and it's like, oh my God, here's the fucking O'Brien hillbillies. And my grandmother's with us going, oh, Moses. Oh Moses. And we're like, making our way down. It's this, oh God. It's this crazy procession. And then he would take like third row from the front and push people over, and we'd all be like, dad.


He's like, it's fine. It's fine. It's fine. And then of course, you know, I would, I would get It. And then the redheaded one start singing Obnoxious. Yeah. And then the one that looks like a little Lucille Ball with broken teeth would, would insist, I would insist on like, okay, fucker, you had me sit two rows back when we're 20 minutes late, we're almost at the Eucharist, which is supposed to be two thirds of the way through. So I'd be like, ho in the Oh yes. Hosanna in the highest and the, you know, the, oh my God, they hated us. Oh my God. I would be like, if I worked at that church, I'd be like, just tell the O'Brien's we're closed.


You know what they should have, have done? They should have moved you like a Disgraced priest to another Parish. You know what they should have done? They should have just put like an ax handle through the door when shirts started. Yeah. And my father would've been like, shaking. You know, it would've been like the graduate where Dustin Hoffman trying to puts a thing through so that the parents can't get at him and they're all smashing the door. Yeah. My dad would be like, Jack Nicholson in The Shining. He would crash through and then his head would stick in front, row, please. First Pew. Oh my God. Oh my God. Madness this asleep so much. I know. but I love them. Your family. No.


Jesus. No. My friends in show business. but I love them. Your parents, right? Nah, everyone in show business who can help me? My guest today is a hilarious comedian. I, I am a huge fan of this gentleman. I've known him a long time. He was a writer for my show way back in the day. And a performer as well. Sona, you've known him. I love Dion so much. Yeah. Writer, actor. You know him from such shows. He's the best as Blackish, Angie Tribeca and Grown-ish. And he's done so well. Yeah. I mean, so funny. Clearly I was holding him back. Yes. I'm so glad he ditched us his latest comedy special.


Dion. Cole. Okay. Mister is now available to stream on Netflix. And it's really funny. I'm just delighted he's here. Dion Cole, welcome. I am so happy you're here. You always make me really happy from the first day I saw you do standup years and years and years ago, and then you became a, a writer on our show. But you always, always make me really happy. Yeah. Thank you. You've just got that thing. And then I watch your special. Yes. And it's hilarious. Thank you, Man. And by the way, just so I get this out, the special's called Dion Cole. Okay. Mister.


It's on Netflix right now. You are so fucking funny, man. Thank you, man. And, and it's just a joy. And I also want you to hook me up with those leather pants you're wearing. You know who I, you know, I have one pair of leather pants and you know who gave it to me probably around the time. Well, no, it was, it would've been before you. And I met each other. Andy Richter really gifted me a pair of like, really nice leather pants once on my birthday. And I put 'em on once. And my wife said, you can never wait. Why? Why did Andy give you leather pants? Don? Don't know. I think he just, I don't, I think he just thought, don don't know. We'll see what happens. Because he wasn't wearing them anymore. Yeah. Andy had quit his job at the club and he wasn't wearing them anymore.


Of course. You look amazing. But look, you know that, why can't I wear leather pants? You know Why a lot of black comics wear leather pants? Why do you, do you not When, when they do comedy specials, it's like a homage to Eddie Murphy. Yeah, that's true. Every, anytime you see a, a comic and leather this, it's, it's to Eddie, Eddie Murphy. Hmm. So yeah. That's why we were him. The show that you did with me the tour way back in 2010, there was a part of the tour where we thought it'd be really funny if I wore an exact replica you Did of Eddie Murphy's suit. Did and I know which one it was. It was raw. It was raw. I remember that. And. it was These leather body suit. And I would come out Suit V suit, And I would come out. We made an exact replica.


And I would come out wearing this thing. And I. Remember, one of the things about the tour is I burned about 35,000 calories a night on the tour. And I was insane. And I never slept at the end. You can see it hang, it was skin tight. When we got it, it skin tight. And in the end it's hanging off my ass. I look like a snake that's halfway through shedding its skin. Oh God. But we thought it'd be really funny if I dressed like that and came out, you look Like a mystique from X-Men Mid transition mist transition. That it was, It was a mistake. Let's just put it that way. It was a mistake.


How have you been? How's life? Oh, I've been amazing, man. I can't complain. You know, just, you know, doing what I do and staying outta everybody's way, man. And just, man, You know what I like? I'm just gonna say there's a part in the special 'cause your, your special is hilariously funny. And you start a joke and then you stop and you go like, no, no, no, no. That could get me in trouble. I'm not gonna do that. And you say, don, don't, don don't want 'em to cancel my Old Spice contract. It's like, oh, okay. I love your thought process. I like that. You're, you're taking care of business. You gotta take care of business. You, I Cannot fuck with old.


I did Not wanna, I did not wanna say the joke, man, because I was like, no, I'm gonna get canceled for this one. Yeah. Yeah. So I was like, I'm not gonna tell them. But I had it written Down. I just, I bet there's an Old Spice guy in a suit that follows you everywhere and he's just waiting. Right. And all I do is he has to push, push one pre-program button on his phone and you're done. All I do is look that way. And he just does this all time. He does this. He's here right now. He does this. He's in the lobby right now. Is it, is it Terry Cruz? Is he following you around? It's Terry Cruz. I mean, I did not wanna say it, but it's Terry Cruz. Shit.


Terry Cruz follows me everywhere. Following You around. That's hilarious. You know, It's so funny because I've also seen you, you have evolved as a comic. Not that you needed to, 'cause you were always super funny. but I was so impressed with the way you walk out in front of a, an audience, there's nothing needy about you. You come out and you look at the crowd and you say, okay, let's just get started. Yeah. And then you proceed to be hilariously funny. And I'm watching you and you barely move. I mean, I'm contrasting you with someone else.


I know, say me, who's everywhere, trying to connect to everyone and make sure everybody's happy. And you are this matador that's just like standing there. Yeah. Man. And And I think you have, you have very funny material and great observations. But your face, you do, you, you do so much with your face that it is so funny because you can look very fierce. You can, and you can be very, very, don don't wanna say like, alpha serious. Deadly serious. And then you can switch to complete goofball for five seconds if it's necessary.


Yeah, absolutely. But it's really fun to watch. Absolutely. Man. It's just, you know, I never really, really even noticed that until other people saying that. They were like, you don't move. And, I, And, I went. 'cause I used to move back and forth, and then I just found this groove where I was like, if I just stand here and just try to control the room from this one point, it, maybe it'll feel different. Maybe it'll connect different with people. You know. And I learned that silence is just as good as Yep. Like laughter. And so I looked for that. Yep. You know, and I can't say man, and I'm, I just had a conversation about you maybe about a month ago, but I was just with The police.


Yeah. Yes, officer. He's a terrible man. This Is why I think this way. Do you know Conan? Yeah. This is why I stole these things. Six Foot four ladies. Yes. Yes. He told me the world is mine. And I decided to take everything that I saw. No, no. But, but like a month ago I was having No, and and, and even just recently, we were talking, somebody was talking about Adam Sanders new special. Yeah. Right. And they were just talking about, like, people were talk about how they hated it. And then to me, I was like, it's classic Adam Sandler. Like, yeah. Like if you love Seth Adam, you're gonna love his stuff or whatever, you know, And I.


I said, you know what I said? I said, with the stuff that was breaking in there and falling apart, I instantly was like, man, I wonder if it was that like a homage to Conney. I just honestly did. I said, I said, I think he's doing that because he's paying homage to Conan. 'cause Conan, that's Conan 1 0 1 and his special, I just, I saw the, I saw it. I honestly don't know what Conan 1 0 1 is. Conan 1 0 1. He's A Conan is a mystery to Me. Conan 1 0 1 to me is when, when writing you write a bit and then you destroy a bit. Yeah. And destroying a bit is just as funny as writing a bit. And that's what he Did. you know what I mean? Yeah. Like, he was like breaking down And I said, man, this is great.


If this is a homage to Kona And, it has to be. Right. Did he, did he ever say That? No, I want my money now, because that guy's got a lot of money. And he lives like two streets over from me. I know where he lives. He's a great guy. He is an amazing guy. He's an amazing guy. but I just was like, man, that's so dope. And I was like And. then we just started going down this rabbit hole of, of, but you know what your type of comedy and, and yeah. Just, Well, you know, one of the things that Giving Love Man always made me Well, that's nice of you to say. I, I just, one of the things, the first thing I saw you do when I didn't know who you were, and you came on my show, and this is a long time ago, but you came on my show and you were an unknown and you, you told some, you started telling jokes and then you took out a little piece of paper and you had a pen.


And it's become such a staple of your thing. And it's, yeah, it's so funny. 'cause on your new special, you don't do it at all. And You don't need to do it. But, but people love it. but I always loved that you stepped outside yourself. 'cause you can kill doing it the conventional way. And then you had this thing where you take out a little piece of paper and you tell a joke and you kinda look at the crowd and then you write something. And sometimes if a joke didn't work, you could see you take that little piece of paper and maybe it's very subtle. It kind of looks like you're, you know, like you're scratching it out. But maybe you're not. No, I think, I think it's, it is, I think it is. I always thought not being funny is funny because Yes.


Yes. It's hilarious to see people bomb. You know, And, I be in the back room, cracking up. But And, I, And, I. You think I, I don't want you thinking I'm just saying this 'cause we here, but I mean working with you solidified the way that I thought in the get go, which was, it ain't how you laugh. It's you laughing. Yeah. You know? Yeah. And I think a lot of people get caught up in how you laugh when it's like, nah, it is. If you laughed, I won. Yeah. Yeah. And, and, and that's the, the approach that I take with everything now. It is just, you just like sent me to another rim with it where I was like, I was thinking this, but I wasn't sure about it. But then when, when we rocked for years, it was like, oh yeah, this is, this is is exactly how I think and this is how I feel.


And And, it went on to me doing other projects that was similar to that. Like, I mean, we, right after I left the show, I did Angie Tribeca with Steve Carrell. Yep. And Steve Carrell from the show was like, yeah. Like, he, like, you can do this, you can pull this off or whatever. And so on your show, you learn so much that I still take, to me, take with me to this day and and ha and got jobs from it, from just thinking with that mindset. You know what I mean? Well, what's really funny is I think about you now because you, as I said, the, the standup special's hilarious. And you have shown how funny you are in so many different ways, and now you're doing dramatic roles.


And I. I love that. That I love that you're saying No, I'm gonna try that. I'm gonna do that. Yeah. I'm in the color purple. And you and you play a very badass fucker. Yeah. In the color purple. I'm gonna tell you a story about that. I, they called me And. it was like, well, long story short as I Yeah. They want you to be a, they want you to be a part of this movie. The Color Purple And I was like this. Oh, that's great. And they was like, Steven Spielberg, Oprah, Oprah Winfrey, Quincy Jones. They're producing it. And I'm like, this, that's fantastic. And I'm picking to myself, who would they want me to play? Because this guy named Harpo Harpo's the funny guy in the movie. I'm like, I gotta be Harpo. Right?


And then I was like, no, we want you to be the father. And I was like, that's the father. And I was like, Mr. The, the, the guy she married. They was like, no, the father And I was like the father. And then the original movie, the father is a pedophile. Yeah. He, he, he touches the girl. So I was like, the the pedophile, You want Me to be And? it was like, yeah, we think you Can. Yeah. The minute we saw you, The minute, the Minute we saw you, We think you can, we believe in you to pull this off. Wait, are you not actually a pedophile? Everyone thinks I'm a Great actor. Yes. Everyone thinks I'm a pedophile. Every Time. Your whole life you've been No, his whole life Dion's been walking into casting calls and they're like, pedophile.


Fantastic. Unfortunately, we're casting for Harry Potter, but when we got one for you We're calling you Dion. When I was a five, I was a, I was a pedophile at five. They was like, oh, he's, he's gonna be an amazing pedophile when he gets, it's Really hard to be a pedophile at five. Its really hard to definitionally Impossible, I think. No, no. You have all, you rather met me. You haven't you haven't met me. The master. You haven't met me. So wait, so they tell you this? Oh, no. And you're thinking, you gotta be thinking clearly.


You were thinking, I gotta do this. I was, At first I was like, no. And then I was like, wait a minute. And I was thinking And I was like, man, this would be another part of some a real, to show me different, you know, show me doing some different stuff and showing some rains. And I just was like, All. right. Fine. Cool. And so I just Started Doing some things at No, no, no. It's not like when someone is gonna, it's not a method actor. It's not like when someone's gonna play a cop and they do a ride around. It's the No, no. You don't just, well, I guess I gotta No, no. You don know.


Just read the words. Oh boy. I was good. Say I got to watch the old Movie. Yeah, That's good.


Some trips are better in an Airbnb, like the trip you wanna take with extended family, where you wanna stay close, but you don't wanna all share that one bathroom. Yeah. You just did it recently. I just Went to Lake Arrowhead and I stayed in a, a listing that was a guest favorite. And I loved it so much. I was like, I think I wanna buy a house in Lake Arrowhead. And I remembered. I don't have money to do that. Yeah, yeah. So I, I, that changed. but I loved the Airbnb experience there so much that I was like, let's look at real estate here. My wife, And I did an Airbnb on this island that is off of Washington. The coast of Washington. And. it was amazing. It was great. And. it was just such a nice experience. Yeah. Better than a hotel. Yeah. And, I. Don't want someone miss you. Brian, would you like us to carry you to your toilet, please? Well, yes I would. I would like to be carried to my toilet, but occasionally I don't want to be asked that. Yeah. That's when I want to Airbnb. So yeah. Whatever it is, Airbnb is the best place to be.


Conan O'Brien needs a friend is brought to you by ADT. Let me talk about ADT for a second, please. ADT spends all of their seconds. Hmm. Helping protect all of yours. That's a cool idea. 'cause a lot can happen in a second. True Did. you know that That's true. That is true. Like, one second, your baby can't walk, then suddenly bang, they can walk. Except for me, I didn't walk till I was about nine. Oh yeah. We don't know what was wrong. Legs were fine. Apparently it's just a lack of will. You just chose not to. Okay. Yeah. No, one second. You're happily single. The next second you catch a glimpse of someone and well, maybe you don't wanna be single anymore. That did happen to me. Nice. Oh, I know it did. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And then years later, I met my wife. Oh, I love you, baby. No, maybe one second. You have a business idea that seems like a pipe dream. And the next you have an LLC and a dream come true. Well, this whole second thing is really something. Yeah. And when it comes to your home, one second, you feel safe. And the next, well, even if something does happen, guess what? You can still feel safe thanks to ADT. After all, ADT is America's most trusted name in home security. Because when every second counts count on ADT. Isn't that nice? I like that. I like how that all came around. Yeah. I was worried for a while. It wouldn't get to ADT. I mean, I think ADT should be, she the one worried about it. But. anyway. Visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT ASAP


As a B2B marketer. You know how noisy the ad space can be. Yeah. If your message isn't targeted, did it just the right audience, it just disappears into the noise. Like throwing a little piece of popcorn into the sun. Yes. It's gone. It's hard to B2B these days. Exactly. With LinkedIn ads, you can precisely reach the professionals who are more likely to find your ad relevant. Not just going to anybody targeted. Yeah. With LinkedIn's targeting capabilities, you can reach them by job title, industry, company, and more you'll have direct access to and build relationships with decision makers. A billion members. Hello. Stand out with LinkedIn ads and start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. You know what B2B means? No business to business. Oh yeah. It's not two Bs meeting each other. Oh. It's not like little B and another little B. It's B2B. Nope. Business to business. Start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. They'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco to claim your credit. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions apply LinkedIn the place to be, to be.


You're a you're a convincingly bad guy. You did a good job. You did a good job. And, I, And I. know that. I mean, to me it's at this stage in, in a, in a career, you've gotta push yourself outta your comfort zone. You gotta do things. You, we know what you can do. And then it's just take these roles that, and especially if you've got people like Oprah and Spielberg and Quincy Jones. Jones's like, yeah, okay. I'm gonna, I'm gonna give this a shot. You have to, you have to like, you ha I feel like if you're comfortable, you're not elevating. So that means that you, you can, you're content, you're content with with wherever you at And, I feel like you just have to try different things.


I might be one hell of a golfer. I just, you know, I've, I've, I might be the best. I might be. I might be the best motherfucker out there. I just gotta go golf to go to go see them. Great. It, the first time you tried it, you were the best In the world. In The world. She's so amazing. I used to golf all the time and then I just, you know, but, but my thing is, yo, you just have to try these things, man. And, and, and see what you can and can't do. I, I don't, I would never be a standup if I didn't try it. Yeah. You know what I mean? It's like you, you have to, especially if it's something telling you that you can do it.


You know, You know what's crazy to me is I I know your story, I think pretty well. And one thing I can identify with is you were a late bloomer in comedy. I always felt I was too, in some ways I was funny with my friends. A lot of people thought I was a pretty serious person. And. I was, I was a very serious person. 'cause I knew I wanted to achieve something. but I I wasn't the class clown. I wasn't goofing around. Yeah. And. it, it took you a while to figure out that comedy was something that you could do, right? Yeah. Be, yeah. Be, because I felt the same way. I felt like I'm not hitting myself in the face with pies.


So how can I be funny? Right. I'm, I'm not slipping on banana peels and shit, so I'm not funny. But you begin to learn that your perspective, if your perspective is different, it could be funny, you know, and then you start looking at people like, what's my man's name? Mitch. He, he, oh, Mitch Hedberg. Mitch Hedberg. Yeah. Mitch Hedberg. And you start looking at George Garland, you start looking at these people and you're going, oh, these are, they're not hitting themselves in the face with pies. Like they Right, right. They're just talking and they have a perspective And. it was like, ah, okay, well maybe, maybe I can do that. And boom, you Must have had friends telling you Nobody.


Oh, really? Except for this is what my friends used to say, nigga, you crazy. That was it. That's all I got my whole life. That's what My friends used to Say to me. They say to you too. Yeah. That's my whole life. There's a reason I, there's only one reason. don. Don't say that to you. Oh, what's up? It's something about one of the words. Okay. I just think the word crazy's a little. It's tough. Yeah. It's, it's a Tough word. Crazy is, yeah. Yeah. That's, But Nobody said, nobody was like, you are hilarious. I never got that. It was just always be like, and one day my friend was just like, dude, you should do standup. And he was like, man, look, I give you 50, $50 if you do it.


And, I was just like All. right. That was it. Right? Yeah. But. it wasn't me. It wasn't me sitting back like, yeah, I'm about to do standup. Like, like it wasn't me going, I'm gonna be the best pedophile ever. Like, it wasn't me again. It wasn't me again, is what I'm saying. Exactly. I'm not choosing my life. Conan. No. It's chooses you. Life chooses you. Life chooses you. And that's all that I'm saying. The Heart wants what it wants. I'm just here for The choosing. Yeah. I'm here for the choosing The, so I'm, so I'm watching your special and I'm laughing really hard. And you have so much great material about being single and you know, having relationships, Different women.


And. I'm watching. I'm like And, I. Like, you just say it normally I know. It makes you so sorry. Did. you guys know I became an ordained Lutheran minister over the weekend anyway. Yeah. Finally. No, but I'm like, I'm watching it And. I'm laughing really hard. And I. Always think when I'm watching someone, you know, it's, it's natural to think this person's talking about this life. And this is so funny. And, and then I'm realizing, huh, I don't do any comedy about this. I wonder why. And I'm like, oh, I'd been married for 22 years. I go home.


We eat some broiled chicken And, then we watch some foreign television show that was made in Norway, but not French. Not French. That gets a little too heated. And. then we arrange the curtain that separates us in our double bed But. it was like, but I wa but your your, your comedy is so much draws on your personal life and these experiences. And it's so funny. And your observations are so funny. And. I'm like, I I'm just living vicariously through you because, and then I'm thinking it would be really funny if I went out And I did a special about me.


And I talked about all that stuff. And. it was complete bullshit. Yeah. Do you know what I mean? I basically had, basically if I had Deion write it for me. Yes. Oh, that would be great. And. It's me just going out there saying, here's another thing. Remember we used to do that with, with Brian Co. Yeah. Used, I used send him out there with, with something I wrote. Yeah. He would say that stuff. Yeah. Yeah. No, but, but, but, but, but here's the thing though, But, it is beautiful. It's beautiful. That that was, that was the beauty of our dynamic was that these two worlds collided. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And they collided And.


it was just, just unrelentless funniness that went on. Like, I think, what is that one video? Remember when I took you to that Soul food restaurant? Yes. I love that remote. I love that remote. It's just the Two of you talking yo. But it's so funny. It's so funny. Like it was, it was pure. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's the pureness of that, you know? Yeah. I came to work with some food in the Cool Whip Bowl and it was like, what's that? And I'm like, soul food, you know? I was like, Conan ain't never had soul food. I'm like, he ain't never had soul food. Shit.


Let's go get some soul Food Now. Let's go. And no Mike Sweeney's like, yo, let's yeah, let's do it. Let's do it. Let's do it. It and Cub on. You know what I mean? It's just the pureness of that. So your, your world. In my world colliding was always just the best man. Well, I think one of the things that is, I, I think it's funny 'cause we come obviously from completely different places, but we both find similar things. Really funny. Absolutely. And that's my favorite way to connect with people. It's The fish out award of beauty and, and And. it wasn't just happening just on stage. It was just like in real life too.


That was just fun. You know, I remember one day he came to work And. it was a Bentley in his parking space. And he Was like, who the fuck has a Bentley that Works for me? I'm looking out the window. Hey, get away from, Hey, I just get away. Just watched that motherfucker. I remember that so well. Oh my God. Remember that so well. Looking out the window. Andy Richter doesn't have a Bentley. He's driving a Volkswagen thing from 1975.


He's wearing leather pants. Leather pants. Just about to give him away. Man, these things stink. I know Conan's birthday's coming up. Let's give him to Conan. I can get these cleaned or I can wrap it up in a J Crew box and give 'em to Conan. He'll, he's stupid enough. He'll wear 'em. You know what's, you know what's, you know what's crazy to me is it Was so funny, man. We talk about these differences, obviously. Me crazy. Two white, sickly white Irish Catholic from Boston, mass, you from South Side Chicago. And there are differences between, I'm always amazed by this.


Humans will always find a way to have an attitude about someone else, even if it's you're on the south side of Chicago and you, and you say there's like a chasm between the south side and the north side. And I'm wondering what's that all about? Man, I have no idea man. It's just Chicago's one of the most segregated cities. Still is to this day. Yeah. It's you, you, the Irish is Irish on their side. The Hispanics on their side, Asians on their, it's this, it's really bizarre when you go to Chicago right now, you go why is it's still like this But. it really is. And it always been that way. But with standup in Chicago, I just never wanted to stay on the south side.


I just always wanted to hit every area in the city to see if it worked. Because I just always felt like And I feel this way towards like, barbers who do hair. I be like, why would you just do like, like black hair? Why wouldn't you just do all hair? You, you a barber? Why would you only do white hair? Do all hair like learn? Because if you are a barber, be a barber. Right? Yeah. You learn everybody's hair. Have some curiosity. Yeah. Do everybody's hair. And, I felt that way with jokes. I felt like I'm a comic. I'm not a black comic. I'm a comic. Yeah. So go work out all these, go to all these parts of the city and do it. So it worked in my favor in a sense. But Did, You have friends that say, why are you going up to the north side or why?


It'd be crazy. I had friends in each part. Nobody hung out. With each other. but I would go up north, And I, be with all my wife friends, and we'd do sets and then I'll leave and I'll go over the, to to the Hispanic part. And I got my Hispanic comedian friends, And I perform them. And my Asian friends, I would just go around the city. And so I just always, you know, had a good relationship with everybody, you know. And so, And, I, And, I, And, I thought that way. When I wrote, I thought like, I don't wanna write this and then have to rewrite it. So let me just do it this one time. And hopefully it'll work with everybody. And. it could be hood enough, but smart, smart enough as well that everybody can get it.


And to this day, I just try to write like that where it, it takes, it takes me two years to write a special when a lot of people only it takes 'em one, one year. I, I only can, I only can do it every two years. Well, First of all, to be fair to you, you're busy doing a lot of other stuff. I mean Yeah, but I mean You've got, it's not your only gig. You've got, you've, but how do you write? Do you write on stage or do you like sit down? No, I, I I have to live. I have to live, I have to put myself in situations I wouldn't normally be in, in order to like find something funny, you know? So when you do a bit about murdering a stranger, yeah. I either know someone who did it.


I either know someone who just murdered someone or I thought about it. No, but I go, I go, like, I was just at NASCAR like probably about eight months ago I was there and just at nascar, just soaking it in. Like I was in the pit masters and all that shit. And I was sitting there. I ain't know what the fuck was going on. but I just noticed the cards just kept going around the circle. And everybody had beers and shit and outfits and checker pants. I don, I still don't know what the checker shit is about But.


it was like, oh, checker shit. And How Did you wait a minute. So, but We had a good goddamn time. But, and no, but someone didn't like anesthetize you knock you out and take you to nascar. You chose to go there. I chose to go. Who invited you to nascar? Yo nascar. Oh, Okay. That's a man. NASCAR was like, Hey, you wanna come To me? Lewis Jay, NASCAR Lewis Jay nascar All. right. So They invited you? They invited me. Did, you perform there or No? I think a Lot of people was like, fuck no. And. I was like, hell yeah, lemme go And. I didn't perform nothing. I just went, I like, I I went to the writer's meeting. The driver's meeting before I sat there with them, I went, they had like a red car. I'm gonna tell you how white it was there. They had this red carpet.


And I walked the red carpet. And no one, no one even looked at me. And I was, I was standing, it was one black lady with an iPhone that took a picture of me. It was all these photographers with real cameras. It was just one black lady, like, I love you, old Spice Mercy, Click. I was like, thank you And. I just, I'm wearing Old Spice now because of you. I walk up, nobody saying nothing to me. But then everybody else came up. They was screaming, everybody in. They like, that's how it was. But we had so much fun, man. After a while we was just like having fun and joking about the shit.


And people started finding out that I was a com they were finding out that I was a comedian. They was like, Hey, what you do? And? I was like, oh, jokes. Oh, I like jokes. Come on. And we hung out and they grilled and shit. We just fucking kicked it, man. And I was like, man, I like this And I left with it a hot five minutes on nascar. You know what's really fun? I went to all the black clubs. Anybody Go nascar? Nothing. I had nothing. Nothing, nothing. Silence, crickets. Silence. Yeah, silence. This is the problem is if you go too far into exploring other worlds, you'd be like, so I'm in Bermuda and I'm buying mattress shorts.


You guys with me? Hey, where's everyone going? You still gotta take, you know, you got, you don't wanna go too far. You gotta read the room, man. Yeah. And, and that's the problem. but I still have the material. And I. And I'm going to use it one day. No, but I, I have to, man, I have to do that. That's how I write, man. I have to, I have to like, do things I normally wouldn't do. Or just, or listen. I like to listen a lot. Like a lot of people might think I talk a lot. I go in a room full of people. I'm, I'm quiet. I'm just listen to everybody's story and, and everything, you know? And just trying to find funny in it, you know? And that's just it, you know, con's like that to Cony, And I. Remember what happened that time?


I think something happened. I went to the hospital, he was like, let's film it. Sure. You know, some people would wait to see how serious is it? But I'm like, well On The, before we do that, let's make sure we get it on. Let's, let's make sure we monetize whatever's happening to Dion. Right? Is that what you're talking about? Yeah. I remember they, they kicked me off the lot. And I hung where to park at and shit. Yes, I remember that. Yeah. You remember that? And? I say what happened? And, I don't, I didn't even know this could happen. But every time you park illegally on the lot, they give you a warning. And everyone, I think everyone at some point got a warning. But Dion got so many warnings that they didn't let him park on the lot anymore.


They g they like revoked his parking privileges. Yeah. So you had to park, I think down the street. Down The street and walk into the lot. Wait, you're parking a Bentley At a meter. Wait, you really had a Bentley? Yes, yes, yes. It was beautiful. It was gorgeous. It's the only Bentley I've ever seen. It was White. It was Convertible. I've never, it was beautiful. I've never ridden, I've never in my whole life ridden in a Bentley. And I asked Dion and he said no. He said, I want your leather pants stinking up. I used to park in this, there was a parking space on Warner Brothers and the parking space, say Bruce Willis.


Yeah. And I parked there. I parked there every day. 'cause I'm like, ain't no motherfucking Bruce Willis parking in here. Hey, the belly Seems like it could be him. Sure. I parked there for like, like seven months. Nobody said nothing. Right in front. Right there in front. I was like, nothing. No, because I used to And I one day they tripped out And. it was like, you can't park in Bruce Willis. Bruce Willis Ain't parking here. I know one day he does. And he pulls up in a white Bentley and they beat him. So, so you were here already. Oh my God. So you got kicked off the lot. Yeah. Yeah. And.


then we did this bit where you let me park on the stage. Yeah. And. then we had to rent a car. And I Pulled on the stage and the car stayed there. The whole show. Yeah. And then at the end, I got my car Back down. You know what's fun is I remember you started doing stuff on our show and then you started getting friendly with celebrities. And. it was just fun. And, and you'd be telling me about how you were hanging out with some incredibly cool person. And I'd be like, they've never reached out to me. And. I. Don't blame them.


They, they shouldn't. But it's really fun. When you talk in your, in your comedy, you'll sometimes you'll talk about some of the people you hang out with. And it's, it's really fun. 'cause I, man again, I'm living vicariously through you. You're having all these crazy adventures. You're out there meeting these different women. You're out there going to these parties. Yes. But I love how I say parties, I know I know these, these parties. What people apparently congregate. And to have liquor In libations, look, I Feel like you're gonna sentence a witch to death. I'm sorry. There'll be no parties on my time.


No, but the people I used to meet with you was like, I remember I didn't know all these great people. I met with him and shit. Like, I remember one day there I was like, I was telling my guy and they was like, I was like, yeah. I was like, we was on tour. How was the show? I was like, yeah, it was cool. This motherfucker named Neil Diamond showed up and he was, you know, he was cool. He was cool. Neil was cool as shit. Like, not even knowing the magnitude of Neil Diamond. Just like, yeah, Eddie better that that nigga, that nigga Eddie better All. right. Man, we was, we was, It Was like, Eddie Better. Yo Eddie Veter came and you had no idea Who is Eddie? And you're like, no.


Is this your accountant? Yes, it's my accountant. Eddie Veder. No, we was kicking it like, like kicking it. We like, they wasn't on they name shit and like Right, right. They was just cool. Motherfuckers not even knowing the magnitude of who they was until later. You know what I mean? Then going, oh shit, yo, that's that motherfucker. I was eating cake with like That Neil Diamond, me And. it was eating cake. I swear. We was eating, we ate cake on the same plate. Like Straight. I Don't think you're thinking of Neil Diamond. I think it's Neil Young. Neil Young. Neil Young. That's Neil Young. Oh my God. Even better.


I fucked the name I know. It was Neil. Neil something. It was Neil Arms. So Neil Sakas is Conan's main hang. What? Yeah. Neil Saka. It was Neil Young because I kept Thinking, wait a minute. Neil Diamond was hanging out on our tour. And I didn't get to meet him. Sweet girl. La la la. Oh That was Neil Young. Neil Young. Yeah. Yeah. That's why he came through Neil Young. Yeah. And everybody, I feel like everyone bonded with you too, dude. We like you met everybody In everybody With everyone's phone numbers. Yeah. Everybody loved you.


And then later on you'd be at these parties and you'd be sending me crazy pictures of you with like the biggest stars in the World. And I'd be like, oh, Oh Did, you mention me to Beyonce. No asshole. I didn't Should just drop my name. Tell Beyonce I said hi. She probably loves my stuff. From the early nineties, We really, We really broke the fourth wall. Didn't Happen so much. We Really broke the Fourth wall.


Like that's cool. Right, right. The sketch was One idea, but then it became another idea. It Was sort of meta. That's what's Gonna win over too. Oh he did? Oh He did? Okay. The fourth wall. Oh shit. Give his number. Fourth wall breaker. Fourth Wall breaker. Never saw Jay-Z Break the fourth wall with some meta comedy. Then Jay-Z's really jealous of me. What's that shit you're doing with comedy? Your whole monologue is breaking the fourth wall. I know I know I know I know at Every talk show I know for 50 years it's been breaking.


Yeah, exactly. Nope. Just me. Just me driving. Jay-Z Crazy at night, tossing and turning, he tries to relax in his, in his plane made of diamonds. That can't even take off 'cause it's made of diamonds. God Damn. That Conan This Weird fourth wall breaking comedy. Oh man. That's hilarious. Now how do you, like now because you're doing this show, average show, it's on BET and now you are the guy, you're the num you're the, you are the first name on the call sheet.


So that's great. That's what everybody wants. Yeah. But there's shit that comes with that, right? Yeah man, I, when we was first doing it, it's on, it's on, it's on Netflix now. The average jokes on Netflix, when we, when we first started doing it, it was the first time I was number one on a call sheet. So I went down to shoot, still doing standup, still doing whatever I do. And still thinking I could And. it was so, I was so miserable because nobody told me that I, I couldn't do that no more. I'm walking around with four one hour scripts every day. The two, 'cause we were doing like two episodes every two weeks.


So I'll be doing the two episodes that I'm shooting. Right. And then I had to study for the two that's coming up. So it was like 4, 4 1 hour scripts that I had to study all the time. It was so brutal. And. it was like, oh God, they didn't nobody tell me I can't do standup no more. I can't do nothing no more. And I was like still trying to do it. And it wasn't working. And I just was like, you just have to like submit and be like, All. right. Fine. Forget it. 'cause don't nobody teach you how to be the first on the call sheet. You just jump into it, you know? And so, and and yeah, it kind of a lot comes with that. So I learned to just let everything go knowing when I'm shooting. Like it's about that, that only Yeah.


And can't do nothing else or whatever. It's funny to me because I notice on your special, I notice it when you walk in here, you, I mean, how many years have we known each other now? Has it been 15 years? Maybe? Yeah. I think it's been 2009. You were on the Show. 2009. Yeah, 2009. Anyway, you look, you don't look, he doesn't, you don't look any different to me. Yeah, you really don't. And, and you really don't. And, and it's funny 'cause you talk in this special a lot about aging and you're really funny about it and you talk about it in this very honest way, but it's hilarious. And, I, after I watched the special, I thought Aging's really on Dion's mind.


And then I thought, you, you look like a young man. You're, you know, and then I thought, if you're thinking that much about aging, I really need to be About aging. And I'm not thinking that much about it. It's like, shit, Dion, you know Man, you man, I have, because I've been thinking more about like, you know, like just legacy type stuff where you just like, man, I'm getting older. What am I, what am I going to keep doing this going? Am I gonna keep eating chicken fingers in the back of the club at, at at night? Am I, am I still gonna ride home with four comics in the car?


Like, am I, everybody's pitching ideas, like, am I gonna keep doing, like what am I, what am I gonna do? You know? And so every year it's just, it's just this, this process that I go through in my mind and try to figure out where I'm at. You know, And, I have to go. I'm getting older. I can't wear, you know, turquoise no more. You know? I don't think that's true. Haven't you seen the gold? Yeah. Can't Wear Bright colors though no more. Well that's not true. That's Not, I don't think that's true. Don don't like old going bright colors. That's true. Come on. Okay, well that's different. That's different. Hot pink Miami Vice shirt. No, I can't, I can't. I I'm done with them, babe.


That's one thing I said I didn't want give anything away, but I can't help but this's part where you're talking about how your body's changed. He said you, you said You had an orgasm and only wind came out. And. I thought shit. He's just like, okay. I don't think that's true, but it's really such a funny image. It's such a funny image Is Really kind of close. Yeah. You said it and you were like, yeah, I think it's those vitamins I'm taking.


Oh my God. I was like crying when you said that. And I'm like, I'm again, I'm just saying watch the special because, because that's just, that's, there's so many little nuggets in there, but that image, I'm gonna tease people with that image. You should put a little read down there so it whistles Yeah. Makes a little, makes a little sound. Maybe if you can sustain the orgasm and with a little manipulation, Like you're playing a saw, You get some notes out of it. That's crazy.


My god, my cheeks Hurt. That's funny that you got that as a, people would say to you, you're crazy. And that's what I would get Too. And then this is what we do. You know? Yeah. It's fun. It's fun. I think there might be, I always go back to my dad who did say, I think there's something wrong with you, But. it seems to be making money. And he's like a doctor who would, who would? And he'd say it to be funny. He was like, yeah, no I, there's something wrong with you, but keep going because it's, It's doing something Right. Taking care of some shit. So, yeah. No, we, we, we, we, I think we're the only occupation where insults are actually compliments.


Yeah. You know, they'd be like, you crazy motherfucker. You'd be like, thanks a lot. We appreciate that. Thank You. I really appreciate That you piece of shit. Thank you. Thank you. Appreciate. Thank you. You pedophile. Hey, you bought me in the role. Thank you. You must think I'm a fantastic character pedophile. Thank you. Glad you saw it. I've never seen the movie. So glad you saw it. No. Oh, That's you pedophile. Well, you know what? God dammit. I ah, is great. Love, love hanging with you, man.


Always have. It was such a lucky day. The day our paths crossed, man. And I just keep watching you killing it left and right and I'm so happy for you. I really am. Thank you. Nothing but joy. Some envy some anger, because I know, man, And I. I swear to God, someday we should, you should take me somewhere and we should. Where I don't belong. We, we should. Where you do belong and where I don't belong and we should film it. You Know, we should definitely do that. Because You have to see me at a club's so funny. We gotta go someplace. We gotta go some where we, I don't belong.


And then just see what happens. I think we'd have a lot of fun. I'm with it, man. Let's do it. Definitely, man. I appreciate you, man. And, I tell you, man. I'm telling you. I learned so much from you. And. I. Thank you, man. You, you, this gonna sound really weird, but watch, you gotta watch who around you, man, because you, you, you give a lot of people a lot of stuff and they run off with it and they go become uber famous. But, but Don don't think you can. I think don don't think you can. Well, how can I say? You, you, you can't help but give what you give, you know, because you, you, you, I'm happy for, I I you Have, you ha Because the way I'm thinking about you can't help but give what you give and what you giving.


I think people should give you way more credit for. And there's a lot of yous out there, man. And, I see it all the time. But this is such a thankless business. We in. but I want to let you know, anytime I see that shit, I expose it. And, I let them know, oh, you no I do. I'd be like this. I'd be like, man, that's Conan be like, yeah, Conan do that. Right. I'll Be like, yeah, Conan do that. Right. And they'd be like, yeah, yeah. I be like, yeah, yeah. Did. you ever shout 'em out about that Shit? Like, Shout them out, shout them out. Like, yo, it's, but, but, but, but, But what you but no, I honestly, I honestly, I honestly think that, you know, I don't, I I think about all the people I grew up watching and how much of Demi You, they're in my DNA, they're in my bones.


And I just think we all, we all do that. We all do that. So there's no, that's facts going around trying to, I, I, I, I'm just, I'm just happy. I'm so happy when people that I think have a real gift, like yourself, people who I really love and care about, go out there and do their thing in an uncompromising way and kill it. I'm just happy. That just makes me happy. And, and, and that's, and you made a great point. I just, I just want people to know that you are the reason why they are the way they are. And I. Just, I'm, I'm, I'm big on that. I just, I'm big on giving back and just acknowledging, like I'm, I'm big on that.


Like, I, because that's how people live. They, we like you lived through me. Yep. Like you lived through other people, but I acknowledge it. Yep. You know what I mean? And all, I want everybody just to acknowledge you, man. And that's it. 'cause you, you, you've, you changed the game on several occasions and you still are. And Oh, Jesus You don, what you doing bro? All. right? We're getting out there. 'cause I don know What to say. No, for real. You are, brother. You're So uncomfortable. No, It, it Don Real. but you know what? Never, you know what? Never am I, am I telling the truth though? For real? You're I know. You are. I'm like, for like, for real. We're, we're all, we're all nodding our head. 'cause we, Well, you know what? Never caught on the Hair. I would love it if, no matter what community you went into, what ethnicity they all had the kooky hair.


I don't care. Like, I just saw this Jamaican comic last night. Big red ice cream. Pompadour on his head. He's doing the string dance. That shit never caught off. And. I'm pissed. All. right? I love you. I wanna see you again soon. I love you man. And we're gonna a club. Let's do it. I'm with it.


Some trips are better in an Airbnb, like the trip you want to take with extended family, where you wanna stay close, but you don't wanna all share that one bathroom. Yeah. You just did it recently. I just went to Lake Arrowhead and I stayed in a, a listing that was a guest favorite. And I loved it so much. I was like, I think I wanna buy a house in Lake Arrowhead. And I remembered. I don't have money to do that. So I, I that changed. but I loved the Airbnb experience there so much that I was like, let's look at real estate here. My wife, And I did an Airbnb on this island that is off of Washington. The coast of Washington. And. it was amazing. It was great. And. it was just such a nice experience. Yeah. Better than a hotel. Yeah. You know, I don't want someone, Mr. Brian, would you like us to carry you to your toilet, please? Well, yes I would. I would like to be carried to my toilet, but occasionally I don't want to be asked that. Yeah. That's when I want to Airbnb. So yeah. Whatever it is, Airbnb is the best place to be.


Colonel O'Brien needs a friend is brought to you by ADT. Let me talk about ADT for a second please. ADT spends all of their seconds helping protect all of yours. That's a cool idea. 'cause a lot can happen in a second. Did. you know that. That's true. That Is true. Like, one second, your baby can't walk, then suddenly bang, they can walk. Except for me, I didn't walk till I was about nine. Oh yeah. We don't know what was wrong. Legs were fine. Apparently it's just a lack of will. You Just chose not to. Okay. Yeah. No, one second. You're happily single. The next second you catch a glimpse of someone and well, maybe You don't wanna be single anymore. That did happen to me. Oh, I know it did. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And then years later, I met my wife. Oh, I love you baby. No, maybe one second. You have a business idea that seems like a pipe dream. And the next you have an LLC and a dream come true. Well, this whole second thing is really something. Yeah. And when it comes to your home, one second, you feel safe. And the next, well, even if something does happen, guess what? You can still feel safe thanks to ADT. After all, ADT is America's most trusted name in home security. Because when every second counts count on ADT. Isn't that nice? I like that. I like how that all came around. Yeah. I was worried for a while. It wouldn't get to ADT. I mean, I think ADT should be, she the one worrying about it. But. anyway, visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT ASAP.


Sona Miller Light. Keeps it simple. Yeah. I do unbeatable quality, great taste. Only 96 calories. I've counted 90, counted not 97. You counted the Calories In it. Yep. I have a special machine. Only 96 calories. It's the beer that strips away everything You don't need and holds onto what matters most. It's the original light beer since 1975. People always think, is it great taste or is it less filling? Hey, how about both? Hello? Yeah. Ding Don. Can I come in? My name's Hello. You don't have to choose what's best. Miller Light has great taste and is less filling. Tastes like Miller time. Oh yeah. In the middle of Miller time. Yeah. I look at a clock. I see, you know, 12, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, and then 12 again. Yeah. My favorite part of the dial Miller time. Okay. If people ask you what time it is, do you just say, Miller time, every single Time I say two hours to Miller Time. Hour to Miller time, Miller time minus two, let's try my kids. So when people say, what time of the day were they born? I say, well, my daughter was born Miller Time plus four. My son was born Miller Time minus three. And then my wife's in the corner crying. You don't have to choose what's best. Miller Light has great taste and it's less feeling. Tastes like Miller. Time to get Meite delivered right to your door. God, I love America. Visit meite.com/ Conan or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories per 12 ounces. Fewer cows and carbs than premium regular beer.


Okay guys, I got something. You got something there the other Day. My wife was messing around with chat. GPT Actually the way that she's having an affair with chat gt. I saw your wife and chat GPT at a restaurant and they were very cozy. I know. Yeah, I know they were canoodling. I got a lot of texts. Yeah. But. it made me think, let's see what AI thinks. We are the three of us. Oh, That's a good Idea. I said I want you to do a little scripted segment like we normally do for the intro or the segment of a show. Sure. And so we're gonna read those now as ourselves. Oh, okay. Okay. Oh, have fun. Let's do it. All. right. Hold on. And you know what I'm betting this is a, because chat GBT has become very sophisticated.


Here's what it says to Be here. This may be a viable way to do the show from now on. It may if it's close enough to reality. Okay. AI says, here's a playful podcast segment featuring banter between Conan O'Brien, sono of Cession, and Matt Gorley capturing their dynamic from Conan O'Brien needs a Fred. This Is so far fantastic. Yeah. Upbeat music fades out. Action All. right. We're back. I'm here with my assistant son Obsession, who let's face it. Barely qualifies as an assistant at this point. Jesus. That's good. Oh, we're starting like this today. Okay, great. Says laugh, It says laughs. Laughs. Yeah. And we've got Matt Gorley, who I'm not sure what you do exactly, Matt, but you're here and that's enough for me. That's really all anyone can ask of me.


Conan, I'm like a house plant, low maintenance. But occasionally you wonder why I'm still here. Right. A house plant that somehow manages to insult me every episode. It's a Delicate art like Bonsai. Wait, Hold on. Conan, are you complaining about someone insulting you? You, Mr. I never go more than 10 seconds without roasting someone. Well, Sona, it's different when I do it. I'm a master of the form. It's like Michelangelo chiseling David. When Matt does it, it's more like dot, dot dot. Someone trying to fix a broken lawnmower with a fork. Wow. I can actually picture that. Just jam the fork into the carburetor and hope for the best. This metaphor has already gone off the rails, but now I'm invested in Matt's lawnmower repair business.


Matt, would you wear coveralls with your name embroidered on them? Oh, Absolutely. And they'd be oddly clean for someone who fixes lawnmowers. Okay. Okay. We need to focus. When did I become the angry dad in a sitcom? I think as you say that often before you introduce the guest. Okay. We need to focus. Can we talk about something that matters? Like how I think I would make a phenomenal Disney prince? What? No. That this is the kind of fantasy we're really diving into today, huh? Yes. I've thought about it. Imagine me in a forest, maybe singing birds landing on my shoulders. The Birds would immediately fly away And probably sue you for emotional distress. This is why I can't have a real conversation with you two.


I'm just trying to picture myself in a soft velvet tunic, crooning to a doe-eyed woodland creature. And you are ruining it. Listen, if a woodland creature saw you coming, it would just pretend to be a rock until you left. That's That's pretty good. You know what? Forget it. I'm gonna write my own animated film where I'm the prince and you two are cursed objects that follow me around but can't speak. Great. I'd love to play an old broken lawnmower. It seems fitting. Ha Ha ha. I'll be a fork. Perfect. Now that's a movie. And you know what I'm gonna say? This is usable. It's Not too far off. No. I mean, they got our dynamic right, which is that I am clearly chat. GPT knows that I'm an egomaniac.


Yeah. Yeah. I need to be in control. I have crazy flights of fancy and that you two are Mm. Kind of quizzical about my lyrical and verbal misadventures. Right. The great thing about this is that you can go back and do revisions using tweaks. And I made a tweak. Something that you, And I have long been wanting. Yeah. On this show. Right. Not here. What it is. And just we guess what it is later. Yeah. Okay. All. right. Upbeat music fades out. All. right. We're back. And today I am gonna do something a little different. No jokes. No roasts. Roasts. Just straight up sincerity. Hold On. Is this a trap? Yeah. Conan being nice. I'm suspicious. I assure you it's not a trap. I just wanna take a moment to say how truly amazing you both are.


Wow. This Is unexpected Did. you hit your head on something. No, no head injuries. Just a genuine appreciation. Sona, you are the most indispensable part of this show your wit, your timing, and even your ability to keep me in check. It's all invaluable. Oh, okay. Now I'm really suspicious. Are you planning to fire us and need to soften the blow? You Don't talk that way. No, no. I mean it. You're the glue that holds everything together. The fact that you handle all the chaos with such grace and humor is nothing short of remarkable. Oh, I'm feeling pretty good about this, but I'll wait for the other shoe to Drop. And Matt, let me tell you, your creativity and humor are beyond impressive. You bring such a unique energy to this show. Your ability to turn a simple conversation into something special is a rare talent.


Thanks, Conan. I don't think I've ever heard you speak like this before. I'm almost waiting for a punchline. There's no punchline. I promise you're both incredible at what you do, Matt, your insights and quick Witt elevate every conversation. And Sona your ability to keep everything grounded and running smoothly is unmatched. And let's not forget, while we do have our moments of roasting each other, it's all part of what makes this show work. Your contributions are crucial to our success. I Guess this is a nice change of pace. I'm almost feeling warm and fuzzy inside me too. Almost Makes me want to give you a hug. Conan Ha. Easy there. No hugging required. I just wanted to make sure you both know how much I appreciate you.


This is a team effort. And I couldn't do it without you. Now let's get back to doing what we do best. Having fun and making people laugh. And who knows? Maybe next time I'll try to be nice again. We'll Hold you to that. Absolutely. And if not, we'll just keep roasting you until you come around. Ha. Deal. Now let's get back to the show. Yay. That was a good edit, Matt. Yeah. Thank You. That was the best. That was awful. Did it hurt you to say that stuff? Oh, no. No. Not at all. You know I love you both. But. it is funny. It's because chat GPT does pick up. Yeah. On the intent and the rhythm. And then But, it's, it's that thing I've always said it's an alien who's seen pictures of hamburgers only.


Yeah. And then made a hamburger and you bite into it and you're like, there's something very wrong here. Yeah. And the alien would say, no, it is hamburger. Just as I have seen it in over 10 billion images, I'm like, I know. It just doesn't. A quiet human. His hamburger. Wait, why are you using Elizabethan language if you're an alien? Elizabethan aliens. We got one more with just a, A final tweak. Nothing Too important. Okay. All. right. I'm actually really enjoying these a lot. I think they're really fun. Upbeat music Phase out and action All. right. Welcome back to the show. Today we're diving into two of the most iconic franchises in cinema history. James Bond and Star Wars. Okay. Oh fuck you. I've got Son of Obsession and Matt Corley here.


And we are about to geek out over some classic favorites. Oh, I'm so ready for this. I mean, who doesn't love James Bond and Star Wars? They're practically the definition of cool. I've been a Bond fan since I was a kid. There's something so thrilling about those high stakes missions and the gadgets. And don't get me started on Star Wars. It's a galaxy far, far away. And that's just endlessly fascinating. By the way. That sound you hear is Chachi PT shooting itself? I can't take it. This is bullshit. Right? I think the cool factor is the big draw for both Bonswa style and Star Wars Epic Space adventures. It's like the ultimate mix of sophistication and imagination.


Absolutely. I've always admired how Bond manages to look so effortlessly classy while driving an Aston Martin off a cliff. And then of course, star Wars gives us the Millennium Falcon and Lightsaber duels. It's a great balance. Speaking of gadgets, remember when Bond had that watch with a laser in it? I wanted one so badly. And then you've got Star Wars with droids like R 2D two and BB eight. Those are gadgets I'd really love to have. Yeah. The idea of having a droid do your bidding sounds amazing. Imagine having R 2D two just follow you around, handing you all the annoying ta, handling all the annoying tasks. Just Imagine a crossover James Bond in space fighting off the empire with a martini in it. He'd definitely have some clever gadgets. He's just able to star guest star's laser while wearing a perfectly tailored suit.


No need to thank me. Just saving the galaxy in style. And while we're at, oh my God, does this keep Going? While we're at it, let's have a seamer bond team up with Hans Solo. They could have a high speed chaser and asteroid field with bonds, gadgets, and Hans piloting skills. I'm already sold. Oh my God. There's a full peach left. I'm already sold Bond in Han Solo, the ultimate dynamic duo. And don't forget, chew back in Q and make a great team. Two chewy. This is Q. I've got some gadgets that will make your wooki roar. And what about Adding a little Star Wars flare to to bond's Arsenal Sona. Why are you still trying A lightsaber watch perhaps Or a droid That's also a master of disguise. Ha ha ha. This crossover is getting better by the minute. I'm just imagining the new catch phrase Bond.


Star Wars Bond. Perfect. It's got everything. Action, adventure and a touch of intergalactic sophistication. And the best part is we get to imagine all these epic scenarios while watching our favorite movies. It's like the ultimate fan fantasy. Absolutely. Whether it's Bond's, world of espionage or Star Wars, epic space battles. We're like, we're lucky to have such amazing universes to dive into. Here's to many more years of thrilling adventure. Cheers To that. A crossover. A John James Bond. Star Wars Crossover. I that Did. you say Did, you put into chat. Chat. GPT Go way too long. I I edited this down, believe it or Not.


Did, you edited this down. I did. Yeah. I didn't change any wording, but I edited down There. Oh my God. That was awful. Yeah. Oh my God. I think I just asked, what if Sona and Matt and Conan discussed James Bond and Star Wars as if they all liked it. I have a question. Oh, AI is gonna get very good at simulating our voice soon. They already have. Yeah. It's already good. It's Done. Okay. Yeah. So what are we doing here? Well, this, This is the content you're gonna get. You're okay with that? No, not that. but I mean the first and no, the content isn't there yet. But what are we a year away? When are we all being replaced? I'm sorry. When are you all being replaced? And. I. As soon as you're ready, get all the money. Do we Get the check weight? We don't even get the paycheck.


No, you Get nothing But. It's not Ness. Well, Don don't know. You Gotta cough Up. No, didn't Scarlet O'Hara. Scarlet O'Hara Scarlet. Where this going? Jesus. Where is that going? Scarlet O'Hara. Huh? Where is that headed? Where did that go? Didn't Scarlet Joe Hanson like win a loss? Johana Joe Han in. I been up all night. My daughter had me up all night. Didn't Scarlet Johansen, are you okay? Oh my God. Having, this is the part chat. GPT can't recreate. He's broken. Human breaks. Yes. Humans chat. GPT doesn't understand. Yeah, I turned a computer on at five in the morning. It doesn't give a shit.


It just does its job. Didn't She win some court battle where they couldn't use her voice in AI or It's just her voice? But they said yes to everything else. Really? Yeah. Us. No, I'm lying. Oh, Oh, oh. I'm so glad. What court? What court would say it's okay, you can't use Scarlett Johansen, but you can use everyone else. Yeah, No, you I, that would actually be my dream is I just do nothing. Yeah. And then you have to send me A check. Dream achieved, mission accomplished banner to the four guy I did for decades though I love Sona. Like if There was only some way I could give very little and still make money. Oh boy. Maybe tomorrow.


All. right everybody. There you go. That's a sad look at the future. Oh hell. A sad chilling. Look at the future. Our overlords, Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Cession and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Con.


You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three free months of Sirius XM when you sign up at siriusxm.com/ Conan. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded.


I'm Cindy Lauper with fellow Cosentyx advocate, chef Michelle Bernstein. We'll share our experiences with plaque psoriasis with psoriatic arthritis, and Dr. Panko will talk about the possible connection. Cosentyx Secukinumab is prescribed for adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis, 300 milligram dose, and adults with active psoriatic arthritis. 150 milligram dose. Don't use if you're allergic to Cosentyx before starting get checked for tb. Serious allergic reactions, severe skin reactions that look like eczema and an increased risk of infections. Some fatal have occurred, it may lower your ability to fight infections. So tell your doctor if you have an infection or symptoms like fevers, sweats, chills, muscle aches or cough, how to vaccine or plan to or if IBD symptoms develop or worsen. Learn more at 1-844-COSENTYX or cosentyx.com/cindy.


We all have our own behind the wheel persona. Are you a Windows down? Sing along to your favorite song seat, lean back kind of driver. Or perhaps an AC blasting podcast on hugging the wheel kind of driver, however you move through life. Atlantic Union. Bank is on board. 'cause we agree things should be done your way. Especially banking work with someone you trust who's there when you need them. For all the ways you bank. Call schedule a video appointment or make a pit stop at an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more. Atlantic, Union, Bank. Any way you bank.