
This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Each Apple product, like the iPhone 16, is thoughtfully designed by skill designers. The titanium Apple card is no different. It's laser etched, has no numbers, and it earns you daily cash on everything you buy, including 3% back on everything at Apple. Apply for Apple Card on your iPhone in minutes. Subject to credit approval. Apple Card is issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


Having the right people in your corner to support you in life makes all the difference. Trust me, I've been there. The person could be the friend who goes with you to test drive a new car, but it could also be the State Farm agent who helps you choose coverage for that car. Let State Farm handle the coverage parts of life so you can focus on the fun parts of life. Like taking a new car out on the open road. You don't have to worry about the coverage parts. Cruise Baby. You betcha. Go online at State Farm dot com or use the award-winning app. That app won an award. No surprise. To get help from one of their local agents Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Okay, I wait you a second. I need to put these things on you look really cool and professional. Look. Yeah. I look like, like, oh my God. I'm part of the franchise at Star Wars franchise now. Okay. Hi, my name is Diego Luna, and I feel, oh, damnit. I feel I have to say, I feel really comfortable. Oh, good. About being Conan O'Brien's friend. Thank you. I feel very safe. Fall back to school. Ring bell fence friends.


Hey there. Welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. I'm joined by Sonian. Matt Gorley. Nice to see you folks. Why'd you pause? I paused. 'cause I was thinking, and then I thought, yeah, it is nice to see you. Aw, Sona, you're having a bit of an issue today. You had a bit of a spill. And this is a common problem for you. Is it not? It's a common problem. You are a spiller. I am a You know what, before I get, get Angry. What? You know what I love? You always say what? And then immediately say Yes. I know. I know. 'cause you are right. I do spill on myself a lot and I have to be more aware of it. 'cause this is filmed. But earlier today, I had a dish with pesto and I spilled it all over. Oh, I see it. My Yeah.


Do you? It's right there. See? Yeah. And what did you, how did you try to get it Out with a, with a Tide stick. Shout out Tide. Well Not shout out Todd. 'cause I don't think it worked. Well, you used the Tide pesto stick. Yeah. It's gotta be specifically Tide pesto. You Got it in. And then I, and then it was wet for a really long time. They were like two wet spots. And then I thought, oh, when it dries, maybe it'll be cleared up. And it it's not. Yeah. And I just, it's bothering me. That's gotta go to it, isn't it? Boy, and and can I say, I've known you quite a while, Sona. And you have been traditionally a spiller. I'm a sloppy eater, Yes. Oh, Well, you are. Who else is a sloppy eater? You are a sloppy eater.


I don't spell on myself though. I always wear a giant bib. And then I say goo goo gaga when I'm eating. Oh my God. And I have to feed you. And you Have to feed me. And why do I wear a bonnet? And I, I just, and I kick my feet up in the air and little booties. Yeah. And you're sitting in a high Chair, often doze off. And then you put me right in the crib, Sona. Why? It's just something I used to request. My God. And you went along with it. I went out. I want out six foot four baby needs to go to bed. Bed. Look, we all have our fetishes. That was mine. I try Tof you, What are you gonna do in the future to avoid these spills? Because Nothing. Okay. It's just a part of my life. It's like something I know about myself and I think I need to carry more tide sticks.


Shout out Tide. Well, or send us something that's going to work. Did the tide stick work, do you think? No. Okay. Well then why do you want more of 'em sent this way? And maybe they just need to work on their formula. Or maybe Tide's gonna say, look, we're a good product, but there's nothing we can do with So Sion, like, that's not fair. Like, that's not fair. You know, I, I do have a, we're good sponge, but you just threw us in the Pacific and you're bitching that it's still, the Pacific is still there. So I'm gonna say Tide. I bet you're a great product. 'cause I can almost not see it. And it's Sono obsession. Yeah. Really? So good work. Tide. I have a lot of them all over the place. Sometimes they what?


Tide sticks? Yeah, I Do. Oh, so you're like a someone who hides knives around the house only for you. It's tide sticks. What? What do you mean? What, you know what mean? People when hide weapons in movies, when people have secreted weapons and guns around the room, that's you. Except it's all cleaning sticks. Yeah, it is. But When you have a 3-year-old, I'm the same way. Your, your clothes are constantly covered in food from your kids, you know? Yeah. It's From the kids. Yeah. Oh. Oh, wait a minute. Oh No. It's from me. Oh, wow. I'm just like, do you often get food on your kids? They're very clean. You have, they're very, very tidy. You have three and a half year olds who are always wearing little white tuxedos and very fastidious about their eating habits. Yeah. And you're like, Hey guys, this burrito's good. That mama's blah. Mommy, mommy.


Our but our white tuxedos, You know, I love eating. Yes. I love eating. And I, and I'm a shoveler into my mouth. Yeah. And so it just, sometimes it spills on me. And that's okay because it's, you know what I love? It's an expression of joy. I love that. You love eating. I eat quickly. I unhinging my mouth, get it in and swallow it. And I don't enjoy it. You have to enjoy it. I Know. But will you agree that? Yeah. Yeah. It's just, yeah. I've got, I've gotta get rid of that. I'm getting better. But that just get to the grave mentality. Get this food in, and then get to bed and blah. I like, you know, for me it's like, I, I swear, I feel like after every bite I, sometimes I can hear my, in my brain going, mm mm yum, yum, yum, yum, yum.


That's, and then I'll do it again. I'll be like, mm, yum, yum, yum, yum, Yum, yum, yum. You know, tell when stone is liking her food is that she'll have a knife and fork. And if she's really liking it, she conducts a little bit while she's chomping. She does. She's like, mm. And then she, I can see her. I've seen her conducting an orchestra that's not there. I do that because she's really liking her food. You do that. I did. I really Well, People in cartoons do that. That's nice. I like that. Yeah. You should be more like me. I should, you know what? I always, You should aspire to love the food you eat. As much as I love my And love life. Yeah. I do love life as much as you Do. You're zorba, But yeah. Okay. All right. No, You are, you're Zorba the Armenian. Okay. Also quarter Greek And also quarter Greek Zorba the quarter Greek, I Think.


And you, you get to like, eat such delicious food, man. I feel like. Okay. All right. Nevermind. Whenever the waiter brings it over, I'm like, let's just, he starts to say, now let me tell you what We did with the food. And I'm like, let's get it in me grave waiting is, sir, what we do here. It's very beautiful. We infuse the, the olives, just push it in the hole and open the casket and shut it. My God. So someone else can live. I wanna give up my spot. That's Me. I don't know what my problem is, but that's always been me From now on in your head. Just go, yum, yum, yum, Yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum.


Conducting, conducting an orchestra that isn't there. What about you girl? You seem like someone who can live you live life. You enjoy. You know, I'm more like, I mean even more like you, but lately I've been more like you. But I wish I could say it was 'cause it's like, ah, life, it's more stress. I'm like finding in my twenties it was weed, forties was alcohol. And fifties is food is how I cope. Oh. Kind of like I've used up all those other ones, you know? Yeah. So now I love food. Yeah. But it's like a stress coping. You skipped heroin. That's My sixties. Heroin in your sixties. Never a bad idea. This message brought to you by that. Yesterday I was having lunch with my friend and I had to come here for the, got to come here. I don't got to, I had to come here and I had a piece, I, there was a piece of sourdough on the table, and I was like, should I take it with me?


And then I did. And I just came here just shoving a, a giant lo thing, slice of sourdough in my face. So you walked down the street holding the sourdough that you would taken from the table. Just a Huge slice of sourdough. And I was like, is this a normal thing to do to just eat a giant piece of bread? That's okay. That's kind of Parisian, you know? Yeah. You were Walking and some bread. Okay, cool. You were walking along the banks of Theen here in Larchmont. Yeah. And there was someone, did you pass an old man playing the accordion? No. Yeah. Could you pass a painter painting a nice landscape? How about a mime? A mime. Okay. Yeah. Okay. We went too far. Yeah. A lot of stereotypes. Well, anyway, I'm gonna try, I do think I should try and be more like you. Even if it means the occasional spill. Okay. Enjoy life. Live life tide.


It's the stick that can help anyone. But Sona, my guest today has starred in such movies as I Mama Tamen and Rogue One as Star Wars story. You can also see him in season two of the hit Disney plus series. And, or I love, and, or I know you're a fan too, Matt. Yes, sir. I'm thrilled he's here today. Diego Luna, welcome. You feel safe being with me. That's Nice. Being your friend. Yes. Being my friend. I mean, I can use that, right? Yeah. I've been using it. Yeah. To get into places, to get away with doing things that are dodgy.


You know, I go like, oh, but I'm con's friend. And they go, oh, of course. Now we get it. Oh. Oh, wow. Okay. Like, I'm glad that my name creates that much of a sense of protection for you. Yes. You live, we were just talking be before we began. That you live in Mexico City and in, in the South, or as I say, esp. Oh boy. Listen. Oh God. And I, here's the great dynamic. Eduardo. Eduardo. Eduardo are, are sound. I, I know. It's, it's not Eduardo. It is Eduardo. Eduardo, Eduardo, Eduardo.


Eduardo is in a constant hell of me pretending that I am fluent in Spanish and understand the culture and that maybe I'm, I'm from Central America. What? Or Mexico. Oh. And you look it, I look it, you can blend right in. So, and then you immediately bonded with Eduardo because of the, the pain. Oh. As soon as we arrive to a place, you know, as soon as you get into a place and someone speaks Spanish, you go like, oh, okay. I'm comfortable now. I mean, he's gonna protect me. Well, that's why you're comfortable being his friend. Yes. Obviously. Obviously. Yeah. But what About when someone like me butchers it a well-intentioned way?


I, I it's very, I mean, it, it, it makes me, it makes me feel like, yeah. Like I've done something good in my life, you know, that I get to witness you trying so hard. Because, you know, like first times I, I went to your show. It's, it's, it's you. I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm freaking out always before going in there. Oh. You know. Yes. Well, just 'cause I'm so scary. I'm tall. Very, very white. Well, yeah. And you have an audience and they laugh, you know, to what you say. And so, or They're punished. Or they punish. No one pays them. So they laugh at what you say. And that makes everything you say be so like.


Yes. So then you're freaking out. So it's kind of nice to see you now freaking out, trying to speak another language. Yes. Yes. Well, you did a i you and I have a bond, which is very important to me. Yes. Which is many years ago during the first Trump administration, my staff and I, when we were doing the show at tbs and you were part of the Sono I was, we, we worked it out with Telsa and We did a show from Mexico City and you were a guest. And it was really a beautiful thing. I I, I I loved doing that show. I did a monologue in Espes in Espanol. Yes. And got through it. And the audience actually kind of laughed. It's sort of the right places. And I think there was some pity there.


Oh. But this was some pity. He's trying, he's trying. He's really trying. Which is how my wife, they Were all ese actors. Yeah. All the people from the tele novellas were sitting there. Didn't they look extra cute? They were so beautiful. Well, yeah, they Did. But you came on the show and No, You did amazing. It like, I, I just wanna make sure people understand you really put yourself there, which was something like, it needed gods, it was like a big risk and a lot of fun to see you really going for It. Well, you know what was fun is Vicente Fox. Yeah. The former president of, of Mexico came on the show, and I still, they're in my office.


He gave me these Boots, holy crap. Which Say, no, no fucking wall. And then he put my name on them and they're fantastic. They're fantastic boots. He found out my size. He does good boots. I guess that's what, that's what he does. Good. His main contribution, I think, as the president was he, he People voted for, He Made good boots. I'm sure he charged someone for those boots. I mean, they might be a gift to you, but not, no, Not someone. Somebody had to, as a gift, somebody had to pay Paid for that. Yeah. You know, we were talking earlier about, We did that show and it was a very special time.


And we thought, well, those times, those times ended. Yeah. And now, in some ways it, those, in some ways, those times have returned with a vengeance. And I know you touched on it a little bit when you first started talking about how you feel safe being here. And these are tricky times, but it is, and you know, we're not the most political podcast. We're really not a political podcast at all. But you ha we have to address the fact that you and I had this really special time in this special moment during that first administration. And then many of us thought that we were moving past that to maybe a, a a a better future.


And here we are again. Yeah. History repeats. No, yeah. And but, and reloaded kind of thing, you know? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's, I don't know. I'm, I'm, I'm shocked on on yeah. On on many things of, of what we are witnessing these days. And I, the, I think the, the best way to, to talk about this is I don't think I can fully understand what some part of the community, the Hispanic community in this country are going through. You know, the, the fear and the, it's like, I can't imagine, I mean, how that is, you know, that you dedicate your life work to, to build something and suddenly they tell you they're gonna take that away from you.


Yeah. Instantly. Just, just because of it. It's just, it's quite scary. Yeah. Scary times. But It's, it's also just pointing out that we, I've been living in Los Angeles for many years, and Matt and Sony are from Los Angeles. But you live here in Los Angeles and everybody, just, everybody I work with everybody who works with me. Everybody who helps me in any way or helps my family in any way with, you know, everything that needs to be done with our house. There's no in, in every way, every day. I am working with people who are from Mexico or Central America or South America.


They're such a vital, they are the community in Los Angeles, they're, that's just feels like it's such a Yeah. They're doing all the work, which is really powerful to see every day. And it's, I I, I have empathy because if you're paying attention, you understand that it feels like 80% of what's getting done here to sustain, you know, our lives and our culture and our community is coming from south of the border. So, I didn't mean for things to get this heavy this quickly 'cause you're such a funny, you're such a funny guy. But I, I think I just had a little bit of a flashback to the times.


But it's good you do this. We've spoken before and I know that this is very important to you and you're a very proud and vocal member of, of your community. And so it's meaningful to me that you're here today. Yeah. 'cause I've been thinking about it a lot lately, and I was very happy you're coming. And it meant so much to me that you did our show in Mexico City. And I, I consider you a very special friend for that reason I consider you a special friend to man. And I, I, I was very disappointed to hear that because every time I have to come and promote something, I, I always go like, can we go to Conan? And I'm glad we are here. You're Ukrainian impression that people say, no, no.


Well, it's just that you don't have a show anymore. That That would not be a good Move for you. What happened, Diego? We're trying to build up your career and it's really going great for you. Exactly. Con is the wrong move at this time. No, you're always welcome here. Always welcome Here. I I love that. Now you have this new format. I I love it. And, and it's good we started like that. It's good we said it because it's important. You cannot come to this country. You cannot come to California. You can not be in front of a microphone and not say something about that, you know, situation with, with the, this community is going through and, and the amount of, of support and help they, they need these days.


Yes. You know, they need you to show up. So the that, that you dedicate some, some space for that means a lot. And it's a good example of what people should be doing with microphones these days. Yeah. You know, that being said, I do miss you having a, a, a, a show on TV because now I can't go there when I have something to promote. Well, I might stop. Well, you can, you can come here. And also, I do a travel show now for Max, so maybe we'll go someplace. Oh, Can we travel together? Oh, you know, we just did a new season is starting in a few days, and Javier Barda did a whole episode with me In Where? In Madrid.


And we're, we're total idiots. Lunatics. Yeah. It was really fun and silly. And he's a fun guy. He is a really fun guy. Yeah. And so, and I'm thinking you and I, we'll find a, we'll, we'll find a, a way to go and do it. I mean, you did do a travel show with me because that was the Mexico City show. But in this new HBO Max format, it would be really fun to do something with you. Yes. So we'll do it. I Would love to, I'm gonna bring you to Northern Ireland. You'll feel right at home. Well, I'll tell you one thing. You're, you're not gonna, you're not gonna believe it, but I am half Scottish. I did know that. Okay. I did know that. My mom was born in Scotland and, and Scottish family.


I have a, a big British family. And I, I've never done, I've never traveled through Scotland looking for my roots. So, oh, this is perfect. Oh, wait a minute. This is perfect because, and now I have to pay you for the idea. I did have the idea. Right, Eduardo? It's, it's Edo. You got it right. You Got my back, man. Okay. Eduardo Edo say edit. I wonder what the word could be.


I'm a bit of a grill master. You know that Sona? Yeah, you sure are. Yeah, you really are. But You don I've always known as a grill master. There's no wrong way to grill. You know, we've just got our own ways to prep for the perfect event. That's all. Well, guess what, since 1975, man, what a year that was. Yeah. Miller Light has been the go-to beer to fill up the cool, when it's a good day to grill, it's made with simple ingredients. It's like malted barley, which gives it rich, balanced toffee notes in that classic golden color. Stock up today for the grill season ahead. It's Miller time. People know I'm the grill maestro. Yeah. Yes. So all my friends gather Ricky Tron, Jackal Mac, Sam Omare, all my friends, you know? Yeah. But then we have Miller Lights. 'cause that's what makes it, we could almost forget all the grilling. Yeah. In fact, I don't even know why I'm grilling. Most of these people are vegan, but we love Miller Lite. So I'm there and I'm flipping flipping them their soy burgers. But we're having the best Miller Lite I've ever, it's just Miller Light, man. It makes everything. Yeah, it does. It's fantastic. Miller Light. Great taste. 96 calories. I've done the counting myself. Go to Miller lite.com/ine delivery options near you. Or you can pick up some Miller Lite pretty much anywhere they sell beer. Cheers. To 50 freaking years of Miller Time. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories and 3.2 carbs per 12 ounces.


Let's be real. I mean, it's time we got real, don't you think guys? Yeah. B two P marketing is pretty tough. It is. You can craft the perfect campaign, but if it lands in front of the wrong people, it might as well be invisible. Hey, where is it? Where is it? I don't see it. It's invisible. It's like reaching pro gamers instead of programmers. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Makes a big difference. That's where LinkedIn comes in. Gather around everybody. Yeah. LinkedIn's a network of over 1 billion professionals who actually get business on LinkedIn ads. You can target your buyers by job title, industry, company role, seniority skills, company revenue, and did we say job title yet? I guess that's a joke. So stop wasting budget on the wrong audience and start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign so you can try it yourself. Hmm. Pretty cool. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco, that's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads


At Leidos. We make things smarter and more efficient from reducing in-person wait times at the Social Security Administration by 73% to already being done with this ad. Leidos making smart, smarter.


I was reading about your family. I know you, your mom, you lost your mom at a very early age. Yeah. And your father, this fascinates me. Your father was a set designer for everything, for theater, for opera, for, you know, movies, anything. And so you grew up, it's no accident. I mean, I'm sure it's part of, it's you're extremely talented, obviously, but you grew up in a house where your dad would be building sets in the house. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That had to inform your sense that, oh, life is magical and mysterious and there's different, my dad is building weird sets for operas in the house that would maybe think, make you think this is a world I could inhabit.


Definitely. And, and I saw things go from like a Quick drawing to like a model thing, to then suddenly like a gigantic set. You know, there's a, there is a film called Santa Sangre, and I was very young, that's why I remember Santa Sangre, because it made a huge impact. It's Aki film. And my father was, was working there as the Yeah. The, the art director. And there, there's this moment where an an elephant dies, you know, and there's, and I, I, I was with a, with half of the head of the elephant and the Trump, you call them Trump's trunk?


Trunk. Trunk, yeah. Trunk. Trunk. Oh, good. I just said Trump. Right. Damnit. Listen, he's the other end of the elephant. Cut to 1930s audience applauding. Very well done, Matt. Very well done. I'm sorry. I'm sorry to bring that. I, I wasn't trying. So, and, and the thing, because the thing I re there's a moment where blood is coming out of the trunk. Yeah. And so I, but I had the piece of the prop, the gigantic thing in my, in my living room for months, you know, I was interacting with that thing there. It's Like a sand worm. Yeah, Exactly. From Dune. Well, that's Roski as well.


Dune. Yeah. Well, exactly. So it's, it's, it was quite, quite a thing. And, and my father at the same time, because you always, everything you do somehow at that age is to piece off your parents. No. Yes. Yeah. So my father, like, he, he, he loves actors and he works for actors to suddenly use his sets, but he always complains about what they do. You know, he would, he would always say like, oh, the actor never gets in the light where, you know, I put a light here and he stands there, then I move the light and he stutter in the other side. Or like, they don't, these damn actors, these damn actors don't know how to use the ramp in the sta in the, in the theater or the blah, blah, blah.


So I decided to become an actor also to piss him up And then intentionally stand in the wrong spot. Exactly. Exactly. But yes, it was, and and to be honest, it was more, I, I never had like the moment where I went like, oh, I wanna, I wanna be an actor because of what happens on, it was just about being part of his world. Sure. Yeah. And make sure no one would take him away from me. You know, like, and, and, and also because school was boring. And it was nice to feel I could be around adults that were acting like kids, you know? Yeah. That's, that's what theater represented for me. Like these adults are, are much more fun than the kids in school. Yes. These adults, these crazy adults pretending to be someone else.


Telling stories, playing games, like Yes. Spending all day in this fantasy world. It's, It's like that old idea of running away with a circus. Yeah. There's a, my reaction to getting into comedy and when I was 18, 19, and seriously thinking about it was, wait a minute, this can be a job. I just assumed that I, my job had to be something that I hated. That, you know, I have to go and do something serious and it's gonna be something I hate, but then I can be fun with my friends and my family when I go home. Yeah. And the idea that, that this could be a profession was insane to me.


'cause I'm from Boston, Massachusetts, nobody's doing that. It was a very strange feeling, but I know that idea that, well, of course I'd rather do this than go to school. Yes. Or memorize something. Or take a test. And also it's, it's a family that shares a passion. And that is like such a difficult thing to find. You know, imagine a a, a Christmas dinner where everyone talks about something that matters to the other, you know, because Christmas are like, oh my god, here, the uncle, the drunk uncle again. Oh shit. Now he's gonna tell the story of, but imagine you care about what they're talking about and you really wanna be around that gang. And, and that's how it feels in, in these communities. You know, also, my, my mom passed away when I was two years old, but she was a costume designer and a painter, and she worked with half of the people I grew up working with.


So in a way it was her love stories that were around me, you know? Yeah. And all these people trying to, to, to be their best because they knew my mom wasn't around. So suddenly everyone like, was like feeling for my mom. You know? Somehow I got all these crazy interesting mothers, you know, that were like actors That's beautiful in a way. Actress or directors or Yeah. Designers. And they were all like, very into making my life nice and easy and fun. And it was, it was the best. You've Said that you had a real connection with women always. And, and this, what you're saying may have been the introduction to it, but that women would befriend you and confide in you and trust you and you were that guy growing up.


Oh, Yeah. Which sometimes I was, I I was that way a little bit. And I would, I take it a little bit of as an insult, you know, Conan, we don't see you as a sexual threat. Yes. You don't even seem like a man to us. So we're very comfortable. I'll braid your hair, you braid mine, and we'll tell you all our secrets. And there was a time there where I thought, this is, this is insulting, but I'm still happy. Yes. No, I never felt I was being insulted. Yeah. Not at all. And I do, I do connect with that. Definitely. Yeah. Yes, yes. And, and always also there was stories you could tell. No, I mean, because I was having a, a, a life that no other kid was having so I could talk to you about stuff.


Yeah. No one else could. Yeah. So it was fun. I guess that that's a, a nice way in. But then it's quite frustrating to have to go back home and, and say like, oh no, she's now with a boyfriend. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. We were, we have this great deep connection, but she doesn't see me that way. She's with this other guy that Happened to me, like from Yeah. Like for a, a year or two of my life. Yeah. Then things got better. Are you still, are you still there? Because she look very, you look very well, very Sad things never got better. I do have a wife. I love her and we've been together a long time, but she also does not see me as a sexual person.


You're the mayor of friend zone. Yeah, I'm in the friend zone. Friend zone. That's it. I have a very healthy marriage, but I'm in the friend zone with my wife of 23 years. And I don't know how that happened. And we have two children, but who knows how that happened for your wedding, you guys get, just gave each other friendship bracelets. Exactly. Yeah, exactly. Instead of kissing after you high fived, we high five. Do you take this friend to be your friend? And do you take this friend to be your friend? I'm curious about, I know the breakout for you. Was that the beautiful, terrific movie I Mama Tambi and that, how old were you when you did that film?


That's probably the best Spanish I've heard from you. Eh? No. Really? Wasn't it? Yes. Didn't he say I Mama Tambi Tambi. Okay. Okay guys, if we call it out every time I manage to get it kind of right, it makes it worse. Okay. Good job. Cory. Corey. We did it. That was cute. Oh my God. This is, this is quite like a structure. Have you ever noticed show about them making fun of you the whole time? Yes. Is that it? The investor here, when you guys leave though, he he comes at us. Oh, yeah. But you don't record that therefore, like the actual No, We do. Oh. Oh God. We record it. Ah, okay. No, I am very comfortable being, I'm one of six children in my family.


I've many brothers and sisters, so being mercilessly made fun of. Oh, he's in my DNA and I, I actually sick in a sick sadomasochistic way. I like it. But Yeah. Sorry, you were saying. Yeah, No, no, no. I was saying that, that that was How old were you when you made that film? You were, I I was 19. 19 I think when, when We did that film. And, and that Kind of changed. I mean, you obviously theater was a big part of your life and theater still is a big part of your life, but that must have been a huge Yeah. Change for you. Film I was doing, I was doing, yeah. Because I, I was very comfortable and in Mexico, and I didn't even think it was possible to actually start, like, moving around and, and, and traveling with my work and finding new audiences.


Like I was pretty comfortable doing cinema. That was very small. We had a, an industry that was doing 10 to 12 films a year back then, so it was very small. Your, your family would watch it and someone in a festival? Probably, but that was it. But I had theater and I was doing TV to support myself. I was living by, yeah. What kind of TV did you do? Oh, like the last Did you Do telenovelas? The last telenovela? I did it. IW it was just right before I, because I was 19 years old. I remember that day as like, the day I stopped doing telenovelas. I'm never gonna forget. I, I, But I started really, like at 12, I I worked on the first telenovela, so it was good.


Seven years of my life, I occasionally will be talking to someone from Mexico. This happens a lot. They'll, they, they and, and will be chatting and they'll wanna know. They know that I work in television, they've seen clips. But I always say to them, well, I did a telenovela because I did it when I was in and I was in, I think it was the something Mal Dion, I forget what it's called. Ion. Yeah, Ion. That's, that's close. It's more like ion you, you'll get it. Oh, Eduardo. Okay. Get it later. Get it. Yeah. Know. He just needs a little more time under my tutelage.


Wow. Yeah. I'll teach how to do it in a Boston accent. But, but no, they wrote apart for me and they were really funny. They wrote apart for me as a cheese merchant, and they gave me a mustache. And I come in and I have this scene where I am getting very angry and it's this one of the most beautiful women I've seen in my life. The women in these, the men are so good looking. This woman was, took my breath away. Yeah. She was so beautiful. And you can see the clip online and she, there's a point where I'm getting very angry with her and I'm, I'm, it's all in Spanish and I'm yelling at her in Spanish, you do not treat me this way. I will not be. And she puts her hand out and she touches me.


And I guess they have a name for it in tele novellas, which is the Thunderbolt or something where a woman touches a man and suddenly they have that moment of connection and it's such a soap opera thing. It is. But she, I'm yelling at her and she touches me and I look at her and they cut to her and she suddenly feels this emotion, which by the way, she would never feel in real life. No. And the crowd went crazy. This crowd, they go crazy. And it's one of my favorite moments from my career, and I, I love to show it to people I talk to. I'm, I'm constantly calling it up on my phone and saying, check this out. And my wife is like, you're not making them watch. You're telling Ella. I'm like, this is Pedro and this is Jose. And they, I'm showing it to them. And they always, but I, it's so funny because It all depends on the perspective, right.


I'm trying to disappear everything that's out there from the work I did in tele novellas. Really? No, no, I'm Not, you were a kid. You were a, you were a young man. I, I, I was 19. I was still doing Telenovelas and there was a few, no, there's a few that I'm more proud of than the others, but, but it is a big thing. And, and, and it was one I grew up in, in theater where they would see like, they would like judge you if you were going to, to to work on at Telenovela. But the point came where every actor had to be in both things, you know, to survive, you know, theater wouldn't be enough to pay your, your, your rent. And, and, and, and actors would be doing telenovelas in and, and theater in, in at night.


And it was quite a thing. And, and, and you can tell like what happens with the popularity, you know, in telenovelas, like, you are doing one and you are very popular, but another one comes and everyone forgets immediately, you know? Right. It's that kind of thing where, because it's What some people have said too about being in soap operas or telenovelas is that if you're playing the bad guy, people in the supermarket who see you are mad at you. They, they're like, I don't, I don't like what you're doing. And you're like, no, no, no. That is a role when I'm playing. Exactly. So, yes, they, people take it very seriously, become part of their lives, obviously. I mean, and, and things have changed, I think in the nineties and early two thousands.


Like the TV was always on, you know, in, in, in many homes. And you were there, you were part of their everyday's life. You know, it was like tele novellas. There was the ones that were meant to be playing while you were doing something else also, you know? Yeah. And, and that's why they repeat them over and over the same scene, you know, because you're not really paying attention sometimes, you know? Right. But television was really important for audiences. Not these days. Now, now people are more like into searching for what they wanna be consuming. They're, you know, they're online. Yes. Yeah. There was a time they, they, it's a great term for it here, where people are siloed. Everyone's in their own little tube watching all this stuff that they just wanna see.


They're not connected to each other. Yeah. The bubble. No, you live in this bubble. You're in your own little bubble and you're watching, and all the content is catered just to you as if you're online. You're seeing everything that you would wanna see as opposed to when I was growing up, obviously I'm much older than everybody here, but it was TV was, there's three, four channels and, and you had to wait for what was, what had good reception because we didn't have cable. So sometimes the channel that had something good on wasn't coming in. And then you'd flip the channel and it's that Catholic mass. You're like, oh my God. But it looks good. Humming in, I guess we'll watch this and hope a gunfight breaks out.


Jesus Never did. But, but you're right. You were forced to be, be exposed to things like old movies, things that you wouldn't watch normally, because that was what was on television. Yeah. What's fascinating to me about your career is that you have this very bohemian background theater, small movies, art house movies, and then you're in what's arguably one of the best of the Star Wars franchise films, rogue One. And that's gotta just change everything. I mean, it's, and then it's led to, you know, today you're here because, and or is out with the second season a show I love, by the way. Oh, cool. It's cool's fantastic.


And I'm not even a Star Wars person per se, but I love it. I think it's such a great, it's a beautifully told story. And so now you find yourself in this world of a huge international audience in, in, and the power of the Star Wars franchise behind you. It's, it's such a, you weren't setting out, you weren't looking for that. No, not at all. Not at all. And, and also because it would've been painful. There was no room. You know, I grew up watching these films, but I never thought I, I mean, I, I never saw someone like me there. Yep. I never thought it was possible, and I didn't even want to, like, I was doing theater, really happy. I was, when it, when I did it to, I started traveling with my work, and it was suddenly I realized there was a community that it was really close to me.


You know, in the States, for example, when I went the first time to Sonance, I realized there was people that struggled the same way I struggled to work on film, you know? Yeah. The, the Hollywood wasn't a thing like a Hollywood, like Hollywood was just like a a that There were different subsets. Communities, Yeah. Independent cinema, theater, people doing cinema, but theater and then cinema again, and struggling to get financing for their movies and finally getting it and having very little resources. So have to like, with creativity, solve things and all of that. I, I started finding those connections in, in the States in London, in Spain, and, and suddenly was like, okay, great.


I can keep doing what I, what I do. When I was asked to do Rogue One or, or to go into the process of, of doing auditions for Rogue One, the director said to me, I wanna do a film in this universe that tonally it, it feels very realistic, close to what you guys did in it, Damian. And I was like, what? Are you okay, Man? Exactly. Who was saying this specifically? Gareth Edwards. Yeah. Yeah. The, the, the director who I, I, I owe him being here talking about, and or because he had the idea, he, he, he shot in Mexico film.


He loved it. And he was crazy enough to think that there was room for me in that project. I couldn't really believe it. I, I make the joke a lot of times about, like, I, I was sitting there going like, what does he want from me? Does he ha want the number of an actor? Or like, does he want me to help him with Gael or what, what, you know, I don't even speak English, you know, I mean, what, what is this about? And, and he was like very honest and saying like, and he got an amazing cast of, of people that were doing the cinema I was doing, but in their context, you know? Yes. Felicity Risa Met and the Match Mickel. So like, it was a cast of like, people that were doing tiny films in their countries and, and, and, and dramas that were all about the, the, the, the storytelling.


And, and anyway, so I went into doing that and, and I, I freaked out. I was like, wow, this is amazing. Because I can still be myself and I, I have to thank Yeah. Lucas film and, and, and Disney and everyone because they gave us the, the tools, but then the freedom to, you know, so it felt like I was just on a set of a film that I've been my whole life. I felt the same freedom. I didn't feel like, oh shit, we have to now behave differently because we're doing this gigantic project. Well, I think that also the moral of the story is sometimes a big popular movie can be fantastic. Yeah. Do you know what I mean? There's a, it, it, it, there could be And can have integrity.


Yes. There can be a reverse snobbery sometimes of, oh, this is a popcorn movie, this is gonna be huge. Everyone's gonna love it. No. Yes. People are gonna love it. A lot of people are gonna see it. It's a big franchise, but, and it's now, this television series is, and it is beautifully acted. The story is so well told. And what's so fascinating to me is Cassian your character. It makes sense to me because of the story, the backstory of, of Rogue One is he comes from this other place and he doesn't belong. Yeah. And so there's something that lines up very neatly with someone coming from, in your case, Mexico.


Yes. You know, and you are coming from a different land and trying to struggle to figure out what your place is in it. So it's all, it all makes sense, but it takes someone with vision to see that and go, yes, we gotta get Diego Luna. And 99.9% of the people in the room would say, whatcha talking about? That's, That's exactly what, what Gary said, Including me. I don't mixed it out out of they did call me because I had worked with you. And I said, I think it's a mistake. It's A mistake. Yeah. He's very good Version. I said, I'm more of Ala but I said, I, I'm more of a Cassie. And when you think about it, oh, okay. And they did some tests and apparently not good. No, You don't fit in the cockpits.


Also, My head, they had to cut a hole through the spaceship. No, but it head sticks out. So I I, I did realize on, on the process and of, on the process of, of Rogue One, and then under that it was more my prejudice speaking you that, because I think, and is a, it's a, it's a great example of, of of, of how things should be done. You know, it's like a, it is a gigantic project. It, it has a, a, a wonderful and very diverse reach. But, but the way they did it is the way they do the films. I love, you know? Yeah. We, we, we are there because there's a perspective, a point of view, which is the, the creators, Tony Gilroy, the amazing writer and producer and director that is behind this.


And we're following a leader and a voice. And, and if you commit to that, then that's integrity. That's where integrity comes from. Sure. You know? Yeah. And then this thing can fly and be huge, you know, and obviously we all get it. I mean, we're part of a community. People really wanna see this. People really want this to be good, and they're expecting the best out of you, and you have to bring it. But, but it, it had that kind of like, that sense of like, okay, we're working for a vision, you know? Yeah. From beginning to end. And, and I, I was really pleased. And, and then many people, many people like think your life changes because of being part of a project like that.


Right. And it's true, but not in the way probably that people imagine, you know, it, it changes because like, I'm a different person. I went through a revolution myself with this project. I'm part of a community. I got to work with people that are as talented as it gets, and I got to learn. But then you go back to your life and your life is the same. Yes. You know? Yeah. I, I, I go back and I wanna do a, a tiny little film about this particular event or, or, or character. And I don't go out there and find money to do it. And you know, they go like, oh no, that one. No, not for that one. You know, the Yeah, Yeah, yeah. No, it doesn't change.


And in a and in a way that's refreshing. It is Because you can still be yourself. Yeah. And, and you can go through an experience like this and, and be transformed in a, in the best possible way, but then also go back to who you were without having to, to to, yeah. To leave something behind or, or don't, yeah. To avoid being, being back, you know? Yeah. As if it was a bad thing. To me, it's the opposite Is great. I've always found it very, in a way, refreshing that I'll have a moment, I'll have a moment that's supposedly like a big moment or something in my career. And then the next day someone will say, oh, I saw you, you know, host the Oscars last night, and then you did a really good job.


Oh, you do That. Good job. But I'll say, thank you very much. And they'll say, and you can't park there. Exactly. And, and I go, oh, oh, I'm sorry. And you're like, oh, good. Nothing's, it's gravity. Gravity is always acting on you.


At Leidos, we make things smarter and more efficient from cutting development time in half on a new class of cruise missile for the DOD to already being done with this ad Leidos, making smart, smarter


Adam Pey here. And I'm John Gabriels. We're a Couple actors and best friends who you may know as the host of the TV show. 101 Places to Party Before You Die. Now we're bringing you a comedic look at health and wellness. With our new show Staying Alive, We'll Have guests like our friend, actor, Jerry O'Connell, ketamine Therapist, Dr. Steven Ritz, Pauls Sheer, Eggo Wda, Jillian Bell, Dr. Doolittle Staying Alive with John Gaber and Adam Pale is out right now. Get Them a week early and ad free with SiriusXM podcast Plus on Apple Podcasts.


Well, I want to see the floor to Matt for a second. Oh, because Matt is a huge, He's falling asleep. No, no, no. Just so relaxed listening to you guys talk. I'm serious. I could listen. I don't know that you should see to, but I just, I, it's only fair and right, because Star Wars and the, and all of it means so much to you. And this is, I, I know that you have raved about, you mean when you saw Rogue One, just you thought that Oh, they've really, they've really, yeah. It's, they've made a beautiful, beautiful movie and particularly And or, and Rogue One and what you and Tony Gilroy and all the other actors are doing, it's so damn enjoyable and so good.


I I mean, it's just, that's all I have to say. No, but I Mean, you were, you were, you were in a, a very happy place today because Diego was coming in and I know what, what I've noticed about and or is that I don't, again, there are some shows in a f that are part of a big franchise that kind of demand, you know, X, y, and z And I remembered going to see, when I was a kid, my brother Luke and I went to see the movie Dune This with Kaa McLachlan in whatever it was, 1980 or something, at the Hearthstone Plaza Theater, which isn't even a theater anymore. I think it's a pot dispensary. 'cause everything that I grew up with is now a pot dispensary, except the pot dispensary is now an ATM.


But, but I remember we got there and they handed you a little booklet that you had to read Oh God. Before you could watch the movie that explained, okay, this is the, and I thought, what the fuck is this? I Think that's just because what David Lynch did to that story, you know, God bless his soul. Yes. But anyway, I Like him. Don't get me wrong. Yeah. Don't get Just insane you and your anti David Lynch propaganda. I won't have it. But, but what I love about Andor is you can know absolutely nothing. And it's just great storytelling. Really great storytelling, and terrific acting. And then, man, you Get to sit in a tie fighter. What's that like? Oh boy. Yeah, we got to that. You be quiet.


The tie fighter. Yeah. It's a, it's a special prototype, right? Yeah, I sure Isn It was, it was fascinating because things actually work and you guys Can go, we got this. No, I wanna hear, so when you say things actually work, what do you mean? You, you turn on the A button and a light comes on the, the screens are showing you, you know, information you can relate and communicate, you know, with, with the I didn't know that. The object, I didn't know that. It's, it's, we, and, and I don't know. I mean, I, I'm not sure how they do every, every Star Wars show, but ours is very mechanical.


It's very much like a, a homage to, to the filmmaking that started the whole thing. You can feel it, you know? And so we are interacting with props, with real pieces of, of, of, yeah. Of the stage is, is real, is built. You, you have to wait till it's built. You have to use it, and then they bring it down, you know? Yeah. There's a whole process and there's a whole design behind things. You, things don't get decide later. You know, they don't tell you like just turn buttons and pretend you're flying and then we'll figure it out. Yes. No, there's a reason. There's things on the right, things on the left. If you move this forward, it, it has to be like this. And also, you, you, there's someone behind the design.


So there's someone defending the design and telling you and walking you through what you are about to use, you know? Yeah. Therefore, it's, it's like actually happening. And you're in a platform that actually moves. So you turn, oh wow, it's okay. Turn right. And the thing moves right, left down up, you know, if you're hit, it shakes. So Are you ever like your father where you're just like, oh, he's messing up my design Many times. I'm sure that happened many times. And some, and sometimes you have screens in front of you, so you are looking at what's, what's gonna be there, you know, somehow. So it is a, the, the putting together of the, of the show takes a long time because there's a lot of work behind everything.


And, and, and that again, is because it, it has to do with the vision. The way Tony writes is very special. Yeah. You'll, you'll be interested in this. Like, he, he doesn't write a scene where they go like, okay, they're doing a podcast in a studio. And, and he sits down with the set designer and says, okay, how big is the studio? Okay. And they design a studio and a piece of paper, you know, and they go like, okay, they'll have a table with four microphones. O over there is gonna be the computer. There's three seats there. So when he's writing the scene, he's describing a space that already exists and that is been designed for this. Therefore e everything has a reason. Yeah. Everything has a purpose and things are already designed when he's writing.


And, and he's the master, I believe, of collaboration because somehow in that moment, it's not just his material, it's also the production designer's material because his vision is already in, in the page. Yeah. You know, so when you get to the place and you read a line and a direction, it makes sense. You go like, oh, okay, I get it now. I get it. But it Informs read it, it informs it's a collaboration between, because you're acting then is a, it's a collaboration between all this work that's happened. Yes. Before you even show up to set. Definitely. And you know, one of the things that always, 'cause I'm old enough to remember what it used to be. Science fiction used to be shiny and clean, meaning spaceships always were kind of Yeah.


Shiny Buck Rogers and Buck Rogers everything. And people wore these immaculate spacesuits and that was what we knew as science fiction. And if you watch 2001, that's how it is. And then I wanna say Blade Runner was kind of a revelation because as we all know, in real life, cars are rusty or dirty or banged up or dented. And then in Star Wars you saw that things are kind of retrofitted, they're kind of holding it together with tape. Yeah. You know, the Millennium Falcons got some problems. Some of the, the, the robots or the droids are kind of dirty. They've been banged around a little bit. And I remember that being a real revelation. And what you really see in, in and or, and, and Rogue one two is, is also just this idea that stuff, these are machines that get used.


They have to be fixed, they have to be repaired. People are, there's dirt everywhere. Things get fucked up. And that informs the story a lot. Do you know what I mean? Yes. Clearly it's, it's, and it's, it makes it to me more real. It makes it very real. And it's different than the science fiction I grew up with. It's just so tactile, the world that you guys have created and, you know, you just feel like all exists for real. How much of it is on location, or at least exterior, right? 'cause the wind's blowing and it doesn't feel like a studio or it's, It's all Cleveland. All of it. And, and you don't have to do anything to Cleveland. It just looks like a, you know, The first season we had in mind was, it was gonna be a shoot that we were gonna travel around the world hoping to, to be in amazing locations and, and again, be a homage to filmmaking.


You know, allow the accident of the real location to come part, to be part of, of, of the result, you know, and the creative process to be influenced by what happens when you're out there and, and you can't control everything. But then the COVID, the, the COVID came and we had to, we had to adjust. And we, We did a very, a show that happened mostly on studio because we, we had to be there, you know, and we started building things in the studio, and they build ferrets completely like the whole town. And it's a town, like, you can get lost infers. I mean, Adria talks about getting lost infers, and it did happen.


Like you can, it's, it's, it's so wonderful. And, but it's, again, it's a design that, that Luke Hall did next to Tony. And Tony understood the logic of that city perfectly. And then started writing for the city. And the city gave you everything, gave you all these big streets, stores, food, you know, the restaurants, the hotel, the, the, the place where, where you would need to hide are, do exist. And they're the size for you to actually play that scene there. You don't have to like, you know, you can shoot in order and allow things to actually happen. That's how we, we, We did the first season, then we went to Scotland for, for a bit when we were allowed to travel.


Yeah. And to the mountains. And it was beautiful. And again, you can't control everything. There's a scene where, where, where we are supposed to be in the top of the mountain, seeing where we are gonna hit the next day to, to, to do the, the big robbery, you know, and we get to the mountain, there's just a, you can get in cars to one point, and then we had to walk and we get with all the equipment at the top of the mountain and there's a huge cloud not moving. Oh no. And we go like, oh God. And it signifies those sins. You know, you have a, a, a scene with Nemic talking about how, how much fear he has for what's coming. And, and it adds because yes, I'm scared too.


We, we, we can't even see where we are going. This is crazy. You know, but the, the scene just, just becomes that scene deep. There's the place, there's, there's no telling the cloud, Hey, this is Lucas, Lucas, Phil. I mean, come on, move along cloud. Yeah. That's not gonna happen. Exactly. Kathleen Kennedy send a a, a note that would No, it's not. And, and, and the, and the beauty of this is that it brings all the attention to where it has to be. Everyone is, you know, like focus on, okay, how do we tell the story? How do we tell the story? Because also we know the story by, by that point, there is no, there is a secrecy, you know, out of the bubble. But for us, we are all very much invested in the same story that Tony Gilroy wants to tell.


You know? That's Great. I'm just sad this is the last season. Well, sad but relieved. No, yes. I'm also, because it's hard for you. No, no, no. But not, not in terms of like, oh, I, I I wanna be at home. No, it's just like, it's, it's, it's not easy to, to get something, right? Yeah. Yeah. So when it happens, it's nice that you keep it, that, that big, let me put it this way. I think TV is, has brought great things, you know, it's a great place for, for young talents to find their voices. It's, it's wonderful. It's taking all the risks cinema stop taking, you know? Yeah. Which is great. But there's one thing I I don't like, which is things start without knowing where they're gonna end.


Yeah. You want, thi everyone's talking about the next season and probably there's another one and there's an anxiety of like, how much more can we achieve? Yeah. And it's nice to start something knowing where it ends, the therefore you throw everything in, you know, you put everything there, and if you succeed, you celebrate. And if You don't, you learn and you try again. But, but knowing the ending of the, the, the story allowed us to, to yeah. To work this tough and, and, and, and in, in detail in all those layers that you can bring in. But I remember we, we sat down in the first season, half the way of the shoot in Scotland, Tony and I, and, and, and he was like, we can't do five seasons of this.


Like, it takes two years and a half of our lives. You know? Yeah. I'm gonna be 60 years old pretending I'm the guy I was, you know, in 2016. Impossible. Yeah. So how do we do this? And, and he came up with the idea of doing these four blocks, because our goal was, let's, let's tell the story of the five years before Rogue One and then finish this story, the, the moment Rogue One starts. Right. That was the goal. So he came up with this idea of like, in the second season, move through four years of the life of these characters and get to the point that we promised at the beginning. And that was such a relief because then suddenly we understood that it was possible that we had to aim for another three and a half years of work, but we were gonna make it, you know, Which Is great.


'cause that's what Rogue One does, is it goes right up to the end before Star Wars too. So they all just connect so seamlessly. It's a prequel. Rogue one is a prequel. Then We did a prequel and it's, yeah. So this is the prequel of the prequel, right? A repeat quel. Exactly. The, We got very technical. Now everyone's like, oh no, I do think this is like, and I appreciate that little Tangent, by the Way. Thank you. Yeah, no, it wasn't little at all. And, and you're fi and you're fired. You're fired. I understand. So you'll now work with, you'll, you'll go with Diego. Okay. He's now, you live with him now. Okay. I do think people talk.


I don't eat a lot People, it's just work. You live with him people. I like that. Diego has no say in it. Either one said so, said bunk beds. You're in Mexico City in bunk beds. Well, goodnight Matthew, just one more thing about casing avenue. Go To sleep. You know, it does, people talk about this a lot, but, and, and it can almost sound like a cliche, but it's so powerful that when you said you didn't see yourself in any of the Star Wars, in the Star Wars world when you were growing up, and it seemed like an impossibility to you, that someone like you coming from where, you know, from Mexico City could be in that world.


Think of how powerful that is to millions of kids who are seeing you in this franchise. And what's fascinating is that it has, your role has absolutely nothing to do with the fact that you grew up in Mexico. Do you know what I mean? It has nothing to do with that. You're just a great actor. The more that happens in different cultures, I, I can't prove it, but I feel like it's the, it's, it's the answer to a lot of our problems. Oh, I agree with you. I think it's, if I think about the reference, I grew up, you know, watching, following and, and hoping one day I could like, be like them compared to the ones that are my kids are growing up with.


Yeah. Yeah. It feels, it feels much diverse, interesting reach today, you know, and things are, are are changing and, and getting there. And I always, like, I I always wanna bring it back to where I think everything started happening, which is it's because of the audiences, because the audience started to have a voice, you know? And, and now all these tools that we have, the, there's terrible and dangerous in many ways, but they are also very useful. Yeah. And one, one very useful thing they do is that you can send messages, you know, you click or you buy a ticket and you're sending a message and, and the industry has to listen because they want you to keep clicking.


You know? And if you ignore, if you decide not to click, you not to buy the ticket, you're also sending a message. So it's audiences who are somehow reshaping what the industry is talking about. What voices are there, what stories get to be made. It's still a process. We're not there yet. But, but the idea, I grew up like watching those films where e every decision in, in the movie business was made behind the desk. And someone was like, this is what they wanna see. Big cigar, you know, big cigar, here's what we're gonna do. She Exactly. You got it, right? Yeah. Yeah. And today's not like that. Today's people at home, you know, clicking or not clicking, paying attention or not paying attention. So if we as audience act with responsibility, the responsibility that this, you know, tool brings or gives you, we, we are, we are having something to say on this industry that somehow for a a long time it didn't seem to talk to us, you know?


Yeah. And now it is. So I think it's, I think it's cool. I think I'm, I'm part of something big, you know? Yeah. I see many people coming from where I come from having an opportunity. You were just talking about how cool it was to travel with Javier in, in Spain. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it is happening. It is happening somehow. And, and again, I think we can, we can be really proud because it's a moment where you can, you can be yourself. Yes. You know, I grew up, I grew up with people telling me, are you gonna work on your accent? Are you gonna clean your accent? And I was like, clean your, well, I mean, why do you think it's dirty? Or what, what's wrong with my accent? Accent? My accent is mine. It might not be yours, but, you know, but when I was 20, that was the thing is like, okay, you're doing great.


What if you start working on your accent and you start sending like these other people and you can start doing what they can do. And today is a moment where that is changing. I think. I mean, I'm, I'm here because I, I bring what I am, you know? Yes. And that's what got me here. I might not be there and not there, but I'm here because I'm these, You're exactly where you, you're exactly where you're supposed to be, where you should be. Yeah. And, and that's kind of like a, a cool idea and message. Yes. And also things are happening where sometimes you can do something in another context that not even thinking of traveling and, and that can resonate with someone here or in Europe or in, you know, Japan or whatever. Yes.


And so there's a also like a, a respect and, and a, and a search for a specificity that today is really cool in, in the movie making, you know? Well, I'm very proud to call you a friend. I'm honored. It's, it was, it was one of the great honors of my life that you came on my show in Mexico City and, and blessed our kooky project there. Just delighted, delighted to have you here. And I love what you represent. You're, you're an artist and you're a really good guy, and just a pleasure, absolute pleasure to have you here. Oh, and thank you so much. So please come back and let's have an adventure together. Let's, I'll take you to Scotland. Let's Scotland.


Yeah. So much water. It's incredible, Scott. That is not what the tourist bureau says Scotland. So much water. But also, I think It's so green, man. It is beautiful. I, and also, I accept your invitation to return to Mexico City. You should. And, and appear on a tele novello with you and live with you. I think that was mentioned at some point. That was my, That Was mentioned. I get to live with you. No, no. I'm living with this triple bunk bed. Yeah. Triple bunk bed. You can come too. I'm out. I'm out there. No, no. You're gonna ask a lot of, you're gonna wake us up at night to ask him questions about and or, and that bullshit is not happening. And I'm gonna ask you, and I'm gonna wake you up to correct you on your accent. Yes, please. In Spanish. Very, very important. No, thank you so much because Yeah, yeah.


This was so much fun. And it's cool. And come back soon, Diego. I will. And, and thank you for everything. Seriously. Great to have you here. Oh Man. Thank you. Thank you all. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sono of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes, incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aren Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns.


Additional production support by Mars Melnick, talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Britt Khan. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review read on a future episode, got a question for Conan. Call the Team Cocoa Hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash Conan. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded.


At Leidos, we make things smarter and more efficient from helping the VA cut disability exam processing times by half to already being done with this ad Leidos, making smart, smarter


Adam Pey here. And I'm John Gabriels. We're A couple actors and best friends who you may know as the host of the TV show. 101 Places to Party Before You Die. Now we're bringing you a comedic look at health and Wellness. With our new show Staying Alive, we'll Have guests like our friend, actor, Jerry O'Connell, ketamine Therapist, Dr. Steven Ritz, Pauls Sheer, Eggo Wda, Jillian Bell, Dr. Doolittle Staying Alive with John Gaber and Adam Pale is out right now. Get them a week early and ad free with SiriusXM podcast. Plus on Apple Podcasts.