
It is time to call out the biggest villain I know to me it's the person who drinks half a soda Mm. And then leaves it in the refrigerator. Oh, yeah. Hate that person. And some, okay. Sucks. guess what? Sometimes I'm that guy. Oh no. Yeah. My wife is like, what is this? And I'm like, I had as much as I wanted. And, I thought I'd drink the whole thing, but then I did it. I cry a lot.


Hey, Conan. Yeah. How do you sleep at night? Exactly. Well, it's true. I would ask any villain like that. How do you sleep at night? That's what I would say to that scum. That drinks half a soda. but I already know how they sleep at night. Mattress, Firm All. right. Mattress Firm has quality mattresses at every price for your best rest. Hmm. Soothing. Yes. Even those who don't deserve to rest can get the bed that will make it happen. From Mattress Firm, even someone who leaves half a soda, let's it go flat. Boo in the fridge can sleep well with Mattress Firm. Get matched at mattress firm's best sale of the year, the Labor Day sale, and sleep at night. And text Conan to 7 6 6 6 9 3 for an extra 20% off your next purchase at Mattress Firm exclusions apply.


Introducing an SUV where everything for every passenger feels just right. The all new 2025 Infiniti QX 80. Wow. Infiniti's most luxurious, full-size three row. SUV full of customizable advanced features. You know SUV's quite handy? Yeah. They are. Store a lot of stuff. You got a family, you got a bike. Take care of it all with an SUV. Want some personal attention? Individual audio technology isolate sounds to the driver's seat. So if you're listening to me right now, you're getting the best quality. C and sound and biometric cooling technology automatically cools passengers in the second row. And you wanna keep those second row passengers quite cool. Discover you are just right. Visit infinity usa.com to learn more about the all new Infinity QX 80. Availability of features may vary by trim level packaging and options.


Hi, my name is Don Cheadle And I. Feel delighted about being co O'Brien and friend Fall here. Back to school. Ring Bell shoes. Walking. loose the fence. I can Hey there. Welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. And I am Conan O'Brien. I'm saying that the way, you know, someone would say, I am Spartacus. It sounds more like an alien or a robot trying to prove that they're human.


I swear I am Conan O'Brien. I swear I am the aforementioned form known as Conan O'Brien. Come at me, bro. Hi five. Me with your appendage. Joined by Mac. Matt, nice to see you. Hi. And Sona. Yeah. Ian, how are you? I'm All right? I'm not doing bad. I'm not doing bad. Not kidding. You're alien too. What is up with you two? Yeah. I'm not doing Bad. You're not doing bad. Yeah. That came out weird. don. Don't know why I said it Like that. How is your life going? Everything All, right? Everything's Fine. Oh, you know, yesterday I was at a Target And. I was looking at the laxatives. I shouldn't say this. Just go ahead. It's okay. We don't need to know what you were looking at But anyway. No, Because it's part of the story. Okay. It's 'cause it's a thing. It's, I was looking at laxatives 'cause one of my kids is constipated.


Okay. That happens, right? Yeah. Yeah. And he's a kid. And, and, and two, two of our fans came up while I was looking at the laxatives to tell me they're big fans of the show. That's nice. Were you at all embarrassed that they came up to you while you were looking at laxatives? Not only was I embarrassed, but if they didn't notice it, I was like, I'm, I'm looking at laxatives for my kid. I'm like, it's not for me. And then I was like, well, if I'm constipated, that's human too. It's okay. Yeah. So I was like, But, it's okay if I'm constipated. Yeah. And then they, I think they, I was just rambling so much. I think they really regretted approaching me. Yeah. I had this happen to me. Fans approached me as I was walking into butt plugs are us. Oh, wow. And they had a, they had a seven for your kids or what?


No, no. Definitely not for my kids. This was for me. And I was just walking right in and they, I mean, it's, this is, you remember they're, they went outta business. But this is a They were big. Yeah. They had every butt plug and they Had that mascot, the butt plug mascot. Yeah. Quirky. Yeah. Quirky. Quirky. It was quirky. And anyway, so I'm walking in and they're like, whoa, Conan O'Brien, we love, you know, we love the podcast and the videos and stuff like that. Yeah. And I had to kind of, I panicked And I just said, I'm just going in here to check it out. You know what? But That doesn't help You.


No, it didn't at all. And it And I think they could tell the way I was walking that I already had one Or two. I was wearing the grand Oh no, it's called, yeah. Oh no. Yeah, it really, oh God. Yeah. And it, that was not, I had not purchased it. It was a gift that's right up there with the 1776 er. Yeah, exactly. So. anyway, I'm headed in and these fans see me, and then it's just like, you gotta get over it. You gotta let people know that we're all humans. Some of us, you know what I mean? Yes. We, we all By butt plugs. Sure. Ah, I'm guessing everyone I'm talking to right now is listening.


It's like, yep, me too But. anyway, that happens where sometimes you're seen in a situation, has it ever happened to you, Matt, where you've been spotted somewhere and people say, oh, you're Matt Golia the guy who irritates Conan, and you're in the middle of something that you wish was private. I mean, I was probably already doing something embarrassing, like, at some, like you'd say like at some flea market or something. So they'd probably come up and go, oh, this is exactly what I expected. You know? Right, right. Because you were probably looking at like a, a loot at the Rose Bowl swap meet. And you were thinking of buying, I Was looking at Cold War butt plugs. The Eisenhower. The Eisenhower.


If you can find it Right. Boy, I, you know, I just think, I think it's nice though. I bet you're very nice to them. I bet you seem like you'd be very nice To the fans. I, yeah. I still get very excited when people are fans and they recognize me. It's cool. I had a nice thing the other day. I was with my dog, Loki. We went to this Airstream in the neighborhood that sells coffee. And so I bought myself a coffee. And this very nice woman, I believe she's Irish, she came up and she was talking to me with her friend, and, but she said, I know from the podcast that you like talking to people. So I thought I should come up and talk to you. And then I did have a wonderful time talking to her. Yeah. He really did.


Yeah. So I'm glad she knew that it was okay to come talk to me. Because I've talked about the fact on the podcast that I enjoy talking to people. Yeah. I, this actually reminds me yesterday I got a second weed delivery guy come to my house. We covered this on the podcast before you got, but I had a further First weed delivery guy that came to my house. He recognized me. And then the second guy came, and this is, you know, weeks later. And then I talked, I was talking to him, and then he also recognized me and he said that he met you once and he was so taken aback because you wanted to keep talking to him. He was like, I expected it just to be a quick thing. But he kept talking to Me. Yes.


I know it's a problem. Well, I had this with my butt plug delivery guy. Okay. All, Right, because you can have them delivered. Where's That wrap Sign? Oh, is it white glove service? It has to be. Oh man. Why do we do it? We, we, I mean, when I say we, it's the royal we, If you are the royal family and you are into butt plugs, like how do you get one? Oh please. They don't, there's a guy that makes it for you. And. I. They make it for you. But it Emerald butt plug. Yeah, Probably. It's probably in the Tower of London. Okay. It's probably have One Henry the eighth on. Yeah. You know What's down. It's, it's passed on from generation to generation. Like the scepter and the crown.


Yeah. Okay. All. Right. So you have to boil it. All. right. We have to get going. You have a kink. How do you get, how do you do that? You have a kink. Trust me. Oh yeah. I'm, I'm worried that people in the royal family may have a kink and can't exercise it as Pritz. Andrew, What are you talking about? It is, that's what royal families are for, is to have kinks and weird, crazy, insane inbred madness. And you're like, well, I don stand. If you're in a British royal family and there's a Monarchical dynasty that's been breeding into itself for 11 centuries, what happens if maybe you have an odd fetish, I know and unlimited money?


How do you service it? I hope they're okay. Yeah. Their craziest is incest fucking thing I've ever heard. Hey, my guest today, poor guy again. Poor. He doesn't deserve this. This such a fine actor doesn't deserve this intro. My guest today is Star in such movies as Hotel Rwanda crash in the Ironman and Avengers films. Now you can see him in the Peacock Series, fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist. And in the upcoming movie, unstoppable. Good Lord. He's busy. I'm thrilled This year, today I really admire this gentleman, Don Cheadle. Welcome.


Delighted. I love that you dropped your voice on Delighted and whispered it. You know, I was trying to do that. A What Is It. A SMR. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I was delighted. That's Great. Here, why don't you try that Sona And I. Feel delighted. Ooh. Yeah. Yeah. Wait. Everybody do it and I'll, I'll play with the panning in the post-production. Oh, okay. One at a time or together. Yeah, yeah. Or, but well, one at a time and then everyone goes together. Okay. I feel My name's Conner O'Brien and I'm delighted to be me. I'm sorry. Delighted to be me. Yeah. If you get the little smacky and all this. No, don't do That. I'm chewing little sesame seeds while do, You've already Ruined this. You Yeah. Ruined Did. You did. Well, sorry. You went in, you came in with too heavy an idea.


That's your problem. I know. We'll cross fade. I never said cross fade. I never said CrossFit. Well, thank you for being here. Glad to be Here. You're this, this person who has done so many different types of roles. You've occupied so many different spaces that I don't think of you in one way. I just And I think that would be the ultimate goal of any actor. Yeah. Yeah. Is that you've had, I I know. What do you get when people see you on the street? Well, It de it depends. Yeah. Right. You know, I used to play like, you know, I used to try to profile them and go like, wait a minute, how old are you? What's your age? Right. Where are you from? Right. What kind of thing? And. I would try to guess the thing they would, and a lot of times I would be right, because it is generational now for some, you know, done this for 40 years.


It's Like, you can tell when someone's gonna be a Marvel fan Mostly, And they'll know you from Yes. You know, Ironman. Yes. So they'll, that I would think would be clearer to know. But then you've done, Well, house of Lies are a lot of consultant people that come up to me. And if they're coming there in a suit and certain cadence, I'm like, I know which one you love, you know? Yeah. Yeah. You made us look like fools. They're usually saying, thank you so much. Yeah. Yeah. They're like, Ooh. But, you know, And, I get Mouse a lot from, you know, I know people that have come up and go dead in a blue dress. I know somebody like, just like Mouse. You know what I mean? Yeah. So it depends. but I. But yeah, I'm very fortunate in that way that I've gotten to do a lot of different kinds of things.


And that's always what I wanted to do as an actor. And that was always what was really exciting to me. Not to just play one thing over and over, but to, you know, I came up doing theater and we had to do everything right. So I just wanted to keep doing that. I can't settle on one. But the first time I you really popped for me was in Boogie Nights. Mm. And when you are at that famous party wearing that insane getup. Yeah. Yeah. I don't even know what to call that getup. It's like Earth, wind and Fire meets Rick James meets. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Meets Egyptian Sung guys. Yes. Yes. But yes, you're sad. Yeah. And it's, it's really a beautiful piece of acting because you're sitting there and you're not connecting with anybody.


And to be wearing that getup and be sad, well, what's, and a party was to me like a beautiful thing. Well, What's so funny about that moment, and we talked about it a little bit, was that what people imprint on that moment. Because really I was being nothing because that was what I was told by Paul to be, which I was trying to figure out what he, what that meant. He was like, in this moment, I just want nothing. And I was like, okay. So I kind of did it. And then he came back. He's like, okay, you are doing, you are doing nothing. I was like, I bet you wanted, he's like, no, I want, I want, I want nothing. don don't want you to do nothing. I want nothing. Right. So I was sitting there trying to figure out like, what does I want?


What does that mean? And he walked over and went, okay, we got it. So he had been rolling. He was rolling on you. Basically digesting Yeah. Trying to lunch. Yeah. And thinking. Yeah. Yeah. That's why I think Paul Thomas Anderson is one of the greats. Just probably all the great shots were He didn't tell people. He just let the camera roll. Yeah. Most of the acting is people digesting. I just, there's, There's a book that I think that's good. That's, and that's another kind of acting method. Yeah. Have a big lunch just before you do your roll. Yeah. Yeah. I was remembering that you were a serious musician growing up, studying jazz.


And then there's this fork in the road where it's, is it gonna be jazz or is it gonna be acting? And you had to make the choice. I think you blew it. I Do too. I do too. Looking back, except I may have been a horrible, horrible musician, we Never know. Think of the money you'd be raking in with jazz. Yeah, You're right. You're right. And different people recognizing you for different kinds of jazz, different Licks. D Different, I like your, Oh, thanks man. I really had you pin more as a Did.


You just never know. You never Know. Man Takes all kinds. Do you still play Now? I kind of play the bass more than I, I came up playing sax, right. And thought I was gonna do that for a minute. And came up singing, you know, doing vocal jazz. And I thought that one of those two things are what I was going to do. But then I really was enamored of people who could really, really do it. And I was kind of intimidated by the music. And it's, you know, it's not, it's not easy. And I knew that I was going to be going away, you know, for school. And I wasn't going to be wood shedding. I wasn't going to be spending 12 hours on, you know, scales and da da da. And you know, when I grew up later and talked to a lot of these musicians who are now amazing musicians, I said, Did, you used to have to beg your parents to practice.


Or did they used to have to beg you to do something else? And he goes, they would be, you know, all of the great ones are like, oh no, they had to, they had to pull me away from the piano, or they had to pull me away from my trumpet. It's like, that's all they wanted to do. And I was like, yeah, I'm not driven like that, but I want to be that good. So I can't do it. This, I have to be a recreational musician. Because Yeah. To get there, you have to be, you already have to be kind of wired like That. I keep coming back to, there's so much that we do in our careers, it's compulsion. I don't know another word to say it, but we do the things that we end up that eventually we were compelled to do. I agree. And And, I always come back to, I can't take credit for that. I didn't make a conscious decision.


Whatever this thing is I'm doing, I was compelled to do. Right. And which is why I think murderers should not be put in jail. Oh, they were just compelled Hot take. Yeah. Well, sorry. Hot take. Yeah. They had a lot like just Dead left turn. I'm sorry. Yeah. But if a murderer is compelled, it's not his fault. That also sounds like a backdoor confession to me. Yeah. We'll get to that. We'll get to that later, kinda. Yeah. We'll get to that later. Okay. Are you, you wanted to be a, a lawyer when you were growing up and now you just went into this. I wanted to be a murderer, but I just knew the hours you have to put in. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. You can't wood she murder. No, no. I mean, in a way, you and all, all the woodshed murder. Oh yeah. You put it somewhere.


All the supplies you have to buy. No, it's a lot. The sauce. You could be recreational murderer. Tried hobby. I've tried it. Then real murderers come along and I'm like, man, that's the real thing. Yeah. You're no Casey, you're really, you're really doing it. Did you, I'm curious because Wow. I'm sorry. Don. I, I Enjoyed every moment of it. Let me just say that Was Don. Let me say, you knew better than to come here. I did. We've encountered each other. You did the late night show many times you've been here. No, you're right. You knew not to come. You're right. But when your publicist said, what about Conan? You were compelled. I was Compelled, compelled Did you, because you've been able to I know in your acting career and producing career, you had the opportunity and the desire to do something about Miles Davis.


Did that give you sort of an insight into him as a musician by getting to do that? I mean, you know, researching him and meeting people that, you know, his family that were very instrumental and no pun intended, getting that thing done and being with, you know, people that he played with and knew him and, you know. Absolutely. Yeah. 100%. And again, he's like on the, you know, Mount Rushmore, he's one two on it. So it's, it's seeing all of the people that he influenced and all the careers that he influenced and all the music that he influenced. And the coolest thing about when I would meet people and told them that I was doing this is there were people that three different distinct people, kind of like when you're saying, how do they recognize you?


There are people that dunno anything about Miles before he was electric. They never started listening to him, to him before Bitches Brew or you know, any of those Electric Super Rock. Now you listen to it like all the heavy metal dudes know all that Miles music. But there were other people who had never listened to him. They were just traditionalist jazz. And soon he went electric. Stop listening to him. Right. And then there was this other whole generation that only knew him when he started doing covers of like, SCRI Puli and, and you know, time after time and human nature. It's like, that's when they knew who he was. So he generationally affected all these different musicians that did not cross pollinate in their, you know, genres. So I was like, that's, that's a testament how many musicians do that?


I heard a Miles Davis story recently, because we always talk about this in the podcast that we wanna start ruling right away. 'cause sometimes people come in before they even sit down, they start saying this amazing Yeah. Stuff. And you're like, God, you know. Yeah. We rolling on that. Well, no, they hadn't sat down yet. And someone I was relating that to someone, it was Jack Black. It was Jack Black. And he said that Miles Davis used to say, start rolling. When I'm in the parking lot outside, like, I believe hit play when I'm, when I'm still parking my car outside the recording studio, I want, I want you recording on my, my feet walking in, opening the door, me biting into the cheese sandwich, everything before the music even starts because I, we need to capture it all because you never know.


Yeah. Album of just Cheese Sandwich by which many people think Thinks Best Work was gonna say, whatcha gonna say You. Like, you gonna try to tear that out up. It's no Hammond Rice Sandwich album. I beg to, I beg to differ. You know, all these different roles that you've played. I've always thought And I could be wrong. That the Ocean's franchise seems like it might might've been the most fun because it felt like, well that's a fun group of people Yeah. To be around and Mostly, Ooh, let's get into it. Yay. Yeah, let's dig in a little bit. It's gotta be Carl Reiner. Yeah. You know what?


We won't do it on this. We'll talk afterwards. Okay. Carl Reiner renowned prick. No, no, we're not gonna go into anything. Well, whatever the important thing But, it does seem like it would mostly be a fun gig, you know? Oh, It was absolutely a fun gig. And we got to go everywhere and, you know, Jerry Wine trial, who was hell on people in the business, but great on for us, you know, just made it like perfect. Right. And when we were in Italy where we shot the second one, we had like the, a one whole floor of a hotel just, well we kind of had to, 'cause you know, paparazzi isn't Italian we're, we could not, there was no place where we could really go.


So they're like, you guys live right here. That's it. And our families came and we, it was just, it was great. Like, and if we ever did get, the paparazzi would come, you know, I'd be with George or Matt or something and we'd go, look, there's Brad. And we just All Is that Brad? Oh, that It's a different Brad. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And it's cool to have seen all of the different levels and, you know what I mean? Because I can still pretty much just go around. You know what I mean? I don't really get bothered that much. Somebody will say something or I'll know somebody recognize me. But for the most part, I just am low key and people just let me live my thing. don don't think Brad can be, you know what I mean?


It's like he can't go anywhere. And. I don't think I would want that. Right. I think I would, you know, it's like, it's hard and people feel like, and I know you've heard it, but you've probably heard it before. People are like, well what Did you expect? Like that's what I, they think it's the contract. Like, I should get to walk up to you and like, put my hat on your head and go take a picture. Like, what's wrong? I paid for this. It's like, well no you, I did that thing and you paid for that thing and then that was, you shook hands and that. Right. And now I'm just a person out here too. You know. So it's, it's tricky. And it, look, these are high class problems and it's like, don't complain over this stuff. If the, if nobody came out, nobody would be seeing your things. Nobody would, you know, if you didn't have fans, nobody's coming. But. it is an interesting sort of a thing.


I think what I think What you're talking about is this whole other, you know, I get, Hey, Conan cool, hi. Or Conan not a fan Karate Chop, but I get some version of that. And it's, it's very friendly and they're, they know me as me. It's not that, you know? Right. It's not that level where the street gets blocked. Do you know what I mean? Right. And I think that's the thing that nobody signs up for. Like, you know. Yeah. You and You don't. When Brad Pitt wanted to be an actor, he, I don't think he thought, no, they're gonna have to close an entire airport. Yeah. If I show up, because that's a whole other thing. Yeah. And you can't anticipate. You're not, I mean, you've seen it, but you never think like, that's, it's not gonna be me.


I'm not gonna have to like do maneuvers to get outta traffic 'cause anybody's trying to chase me. But it's like, yeah, sometimes We had, I think we were doing a live podcast And, it was after someone sort of charged the stage when Dave Chappelle was performing and security, you know, got to the person. And, but then it was like a week later I was doing something at like a Netflix comedy event and This whole security team came up and said, just so you know, we're gonna be protecting you when you're on stage because of what happened to Chappelle. And I said, gentlemen, stand down. That is not gonna be a problem. We are good I know Dave Chappelle, And I Don't inspire that kind of fanaticism.


We're fine. Yeah. Someone might throw like a book of poems on stage Yeah. For me to read. Yeah. But that's about, you know, it'll be a small paperback that will bounce off my head. It'll be fine. That Is hilarious.


There's nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you. Check this out. That's nice. Whether you're going on a weekend getaway outta the mountains, or let's say you're on a dream vacation, or in my case, a work trip to Thailand. It's just fantastic. Let me explain. It starts the moment you take off with free in-flight wifi. So you can stream your favorite show on the go. I mean, that's incredible. That is actually pretty sweet. I love that. I mean, that's insane. I'm always there with my credit card. You know, I can't figure it out. I lose the credit card. Yeah. The phone is stolen. Someone punches me. You start crying. I cry a lot when you land T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands and an upgrade to Hilton Honors Silver. Mm. Plus you're covered with five gigabytes. Five gigabytes. That's more than four of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with the go 5G plus or next plans. These are just a few of the perks that feel like big wins when you travel with T-Mobile And. it, it's nice to stay connected to your family. I travel a lot, I do these travel shows. And if I'm filming in another country, I know I can get to my family right away. Yeah. They usually don't wanna speak to me. But they have to. They screen your calls a lot, don't they? I suspect them of screening. Yes. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel today. Qualifying plan required wifi were available on select US Airlines registration and Hilton Honors membership required for Hilton Honors Silver terms and conditions apply.


Conan O'Brien needs A Friend is brought to you By ADT. Let me talk about ADT for a second please. ADT spends all of their seconds helping protect all of yours. That's a cool idea. 'cause a lot can happen in a second. True Did. you know that That's true. That is true. Like, one second, your baby can't walk, then suddenly bang, they can walk. Except for me, I didn't walk till I was about nine. Oh yeah. We don't know what was wrong. Legs were fine. Apparently it was just a lack of will. You just chose not to. Okay. Yeah. No, one second. You're happily single. The next second you catch a glimpse of someone and well maybe you don't wanna be single anymore. That did happen to me. Oh, I know it did. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And then years later I met my wife, da da. Oh, I love you baby. No, maybe one second. You have a business idea that seems like a pipe dream. The next you have an LLC and a dream come true. Well, this whole second thing is really something. Yeah. And when it comes to your home, one second, you feel safe. And the next, well, even if something does happen, guess what? You can still feel safe thanks to ADT. After all, ADT is America's most trusted name in home security because when every second counts count on ADT. Isn't that nice? I like that. I like how that all came around. Yeah. I was worried for a while. It wouldn't get to ADT. I mean, I think ADT should be, she the one worried about it. But. anyway, visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT ASAP.


Football's approaching. It's time to get in on the action early this season. What are your favorite NFL future bets? Do you have an NFL team? You like Sona? Well, I, I like the Rams 'cause they're an LA team. Yep. but I also grew up liking the Raiders 'cause they were an LA team. Yep. But. it gets confusing in la. Yeah. Does Teams, teams coming, team's going. Yeah. You know, I'm from Massachusetts, so I gotta go Patriots all the way. Yeah. Pants guy gotta go. Bats I. don know why I did it in Chicago. Accent. No, Neither Da Pats. I got my brat and da Pats, I I'm saying Lions all the way this year Now. Detroit Lions. Okay. You like Detroit loins? I I do like the Detroit Lions. I don't know a lot about sports, but FanDuel makes it easy. So, you know, I, I think I'm, I think lions all the way, man. Let's do it. I I I'm wishing the lions well. Thank you. I like it when victory is spread around. Wow. Thank you. If it can't be the Patriots Okay, then I'm, I'm happy for it to be the Lions All. right. But, And but not the Raiders. Not the Raiders No. Or the Rams? No. Oh, okay. Just you And I Not 10 because they're just running around. How do they might not even all The teams run around that's Football. May not. No. They may not be in LA next year. Your team. They may come on. Yes, they go. You know what I mean? It's like an unreliable girlfriend could be gone in a second. So feisty. Oh, they'll be the Catalina Catalina Rams. Oh wait, no, they're the Alaska Rams. Tons of different player props like passing yards, TD rushing and receiving total and more. Also great team markets like to make playoffs win the division in Super Bowl matchups. And you can probably together different picks for even bigger payouts. Yeah. Right now new customers can get $150 in bonus bets. If your first $5 bet wins, there's no better place to get ready for the football season than on FanDuel America's number one sports book and official sports betting partner of the nfl. Just visit fanduel.com/ Conan to sign up today. 18 plus in present in DC First online Real Money Wager only $5 First deposit required bonus issued as non withdraw bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem. Call or text 1-800-GAMBLER 1 804 2 6 2 5 3 7.


What's nice is, I think especially in your case, is you're, and this is my compliment, is you're such a great shapeshifter as an actor, that you're, you're able to inhabit all these different roles. You've, your career doesn't fit any standard pattern in this fantastic way. You know, you've Tell my agent it's fantastic. He's like, why don't you pick Something I can sell your ass. Who is he? He's this, he's that. He's that. Jesus. I'm kind of with your agent now. I wouldn't sign you. I think you must be a nightmare. but I am I'm a problem. I'm a big problem.


Does It lead to, 'cause I've heard you mention this And I find it fascinating. We all look at different people and, and make assumptions. And I would look at you and say, well, Don Cheadle would have no anxieties about his next job because who's worked more steadily in more different ways. And not just as an actor, but producer and more consistently and is respected and check all the boxes. But that is not the case. That's not how you feel. I don't, I don't, I don't know if any actor, I mean, of course there's certain people who have piles of scripts that come in and they're always like, which one of these do I want to do? But you know, it's not, doesn't mean you're always gonna find one that you want to do or one that you think is good.


And I don't, by the way, I don't have piles of scripts coming to my house just to be clear. but I, you know, I get offers and there's things that I look at and there's a lot of stuff that I wanna put together as a producer and try to find ways to put people in it and get it over the transom. That's just like, roll up your sleeves. And that's a grind always. It's more the anxiety of once you've said yes to something and are doing it and the level of that you hope you're able to achieve with it. Like, I'm literally right now like trying to figure out the proper proportion for that. It's like, it's not your responsibility. Once you've done it, you put it out there, you let it and it's gonna be what it's gonna be. don don't know any actor that doesn't leave and just go like, God, I hope they don't use this take.


And, you know, what's it gonna actually be? Because You give up a lot of control Too. It's gone as soon as you're done, everybody else gets to play with it and you don't know what it's gonna be. Which is even more of a reason to just be like, okay, it is what it is. I I'm it's outta my hands. But it's very, you know, if you are doing it right, I think you're, you're using a lot of you and you're exposing a lot of stuff and it's a, it can make you very vulnerable. And then to put that out there and be like, whatever is something I'm trying to learn about more. How to be more, I guess, graceful with that moment with myself as opposed to being, to use your word neurotic about it. 'cause I think most doctors are pretty neurotic. Yeah. If you care if it matters, you know, you want to, you want do the best job possible and you want to, you know, if you love the material, you wanna like, do well with the material.


You wanna be in things that are that work and that feel good and that you can tell yourself the reason that you spent four or five months out of your life doing it. You know, that's another thing. It's, it's, you can't get that back no matter what they pay you. It's like your, your time is your time. So you wanna make all of the best decisions you can going into the thing. And then you wanna show up fully and be there as much as you can be. And so it's weird to then after it's over, kind of like how you dial that down or turn that off or, it's just a very interesting process and it's And it, it's over, you know, it's a long time. You do the pre-production and you do the production, then you do the post-production, you're doing a DR, then you do press. It's like a, a project lasts years in your life.


It's not just when you shoot it. It's amazing to me. It took me a long time to figure this out, but over the years and years and years of doing the late night show to realize, 'cause I, you know, not from the world of acting movies and so it was very foreign to me. But the idea that when people were coming by the time they got to my show or anytime you came on my show, which I think you came on my show like nine times. You were promoting something that you had maybe finished making a year or a year and a half earlier. Yeah. And then you would had to get yourself into the mindset of, you know, yes, I'm here to talk to you about this. Right. And, and that is so foreign to me.


'cause everything, you know, this world particularly, but even late Night World, everything was, we think about it at three o'clock in the afternoon. Right. We tape it at five 30. Yeah. Yeah. The immediacy, they like it, they hate it. People that night like it or hate it. Someone on the street maybe the next day, but you're already onto the next thing. Right. And so that I, that was news to me. Yeah. Was how the, it's it's an, there's kind of a marathon quality to it. Yeah. Like you said, all these steps and you've gotta be totally invested each time one of 'em comes up, but then you move on to the next project. Right. And then by the time the podcast or the talk show rolls around, it's Like, that was six months ago. Yeah. That's, it's far away.


I mean, fight Night, you know the one that's coming out in September that's not that far away. We've wrapped it in, I wrapped in June, but yeah. Very often. It's six months, nine months, a year. And you're like, set up this clip and you're like, I don't remember that. Oh, trust me. I was out there so many times. So many times. Right At the 10,000, you know, late night shows. I did, I was out there so many times where I'd say like, so tell me what are we gonna see? And they'd go like, well, And I could see it in their eyes. And then I'd say, you go to a camel store. And they're like, right, right. Yes.


Yes. Camel Store. Oh, Don't tell me. Don't tell me. And then, And then tell me it became a game show. Right. Where I'm telling them what their clip was and ding ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding. Right. you get a new car. A camel store. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sell. You didn't see that movie? No. They sell Camels. That was a a movie. Yeah. Okay. That you're very proud of by the way. Absolutely. And I came up with the Twist in the Fly. That's right. The Camel movie. Yes. Camel store. Camel store. Yeah. You probably sussed me out as a Real camel guy. I look there, there was one ticket sold And. it looked like it was to you. A geek bought a ticket. That's The good news.


Hey, we Only said no, no, no. Not that kind of Geek. The good kind of geek. The good kind of geek. You brought up Fight Night. So I wanna talk about it, which is, this is a true story. It's based on a true story. Right. You guys, I think we have to be clear with that. Yeah, Yeah. Based on a true story. Yeah. It takes place in and around Muhammad Ali's big comeback fight. That's right. 1970, I think. Yeah. And one of the things, first of all, Kevin Hart Yep. Is in this with you. And I. Think you And I have to agree to grab that man and hold him still. I, because He try to ankle him many times I try to kick his back foot out from under him, but somehow he rolls up and he is just like, no, you can't do it man.


See, it's a good shot. But lemme tell you what, I'm, I've never met anybody. He doesn't Stop. It's insanity. He doesn't Stop. And I do think he, he makes so many different projects. He's always good. I adore him. I think he's fantastic. I think he's a huge talent. But then I think there are moments in between projects where there's not something lined up. And so they just put a credit card into his hand and start shooting and they tell him it's Amex goes Okay with Amex, It's C back, whatever. Move him over there. Okay. Slightly to the right and we're gonna switch out cards. Yeah. Yeah. He's like, fine. I can do it. I know who I am. Yeah.


I have had the experience of, he asked me to do his podcast And, it was on Zoom and he clearly, I'm waiting around for a little bit. Right. Which doesn't usually happen. Right. But I'm like, okay. And then he comes running in and clearly he's just shot nine other things. Yeah. And, I. Think also entertained at a kid's party. He does a lot. Yeah. It's fantastic But. anyway, he's great in this. Yeah. He is really good in it. And I, can you have such an amazing cast. Yeah. It's really Good. In, in this, in in and, and the look of it is so, such a great homage. So that's like one of my favorite periods. Yeah. It's a great era For 1970s. Hair, cars, music, cars, you name it.


Yeah. And it's, yeah, it was a lot of fun to work with. And I had great, you know, the, it's me, Tara Raji, Terrence Howard, Sam Jackson, and Kevin And. I've worked with all of them before. So that was the first time that I had been, you know, we are all together in one thing. And. it was just great to have. They're on one side of the show really. And I'm on kind of the other side of the show. So toward the end our characters kind of collide. And then I'm with them for the rest of It. Your character's based on a real detective? Yes. Detective JD Hudson, the first, one of the first black officers in, in Atlanta at that time. And also one of the first black detectives at that time. So yeah, it's based on this true story about when Ali couldn't get a fight after he didn't agree to go to the draft, the senator in the town, in Senator Atlanta at that time, there was a loophole in the laws, which would allow him to get a sanctioned fight in Atlanta.


So he brought him, there was a lot of controversy. People didn't want him there. It was a lot of death threats, you know what I mean? And my character gets asked to, gets not asked, but gets assigned to his detail to, to protect him while he's in, while he's in Atlanta. It's crazy. I don't know, I hope young people know this, but how many prime years of his boxing career Ali lost. Yeah. Because he refused. Because He stood up for what he believed in. Yeah. Stood up for what he believed in. He said, you know, I'm I know North Vietnamese has ever done anything to me. I'm not gonna go over and fight. And it was a really principled stand, which, you know, there's a lot of people talking in the world today when people say, oh, this celebrity or that sports, they were really brave for doing X, Y or z And I.


Think you don't know what bravery is. Yeah. Until you go back and look at some of the stands that some of these athletes took that cost them years of their prime career. Some of them. All of it. Yeah. Some of them. Everything. And never got back from it. And then you go back to your hometown and have to deal with, we're not just talking about getting canceled, we're talking about people like maybe lynching you, you know, people maybe shooting you. You know? So Absolutely. That spirit of who he was and still is for so many people is, you know, was really cool to, to have the, you know, opportunity to hopefully bring refresh people about that. You know, people will talk about that as being an aspect of the story too, entertain by the story.


But all these real things that were happening at that time were really important and interesting too. Which is why it's fun to tell a story like this. Because if you get a chance to, you know, do edutainment, like Ks one would say, you know, it's really, it's really cool that you can entertain and people can actually learn something historically, because I guess some people don't want us to know history anymore. I guess that's a problem. So, you know, to, it's funny to look at movies and look at entertainment and to look at something as being, well, may, we may be the last bastions of trying to make sure that people un remember stories like these Yep. If people win who don't want us to, but it's nothing I ever thought about. We would nes that would be necessary in our business. Do you know what I mean?


But it's great that we have an opportunity with a story like this that I still think is, even with all that, whatever is heavy about it, which is a lot heavy about it, but it's just, it's a really good story and great cast and really good actors. And a a time period that was very formative for that state and that city where the city really became a different place. Somebody was telling me that they was in this golf tournament with this guy and he said he took a, a African American studies course at Columbia or something, and he's very young. He was very young, of course he's 17, 18 when he went to school. And the guy said, what do you think is the black population in the United States? And he is like, oh, I got this. And he raised his hand. He goes, yeah, he's like 33%.


And he went, Where where are You from? He said, Atlanta. He's like, yeah, it's like new. You're very, We're roughly half. Yeah. I think it's Most really, I'm, I'm gonna just undershoot It and say half like Yeah, no, but that's, that's When Atlanta like became Atlanta. You know, that's when it became a chocolate city. That's when it became a black mecca. And, and, and that's what a lot of this show is about, is these people trying to find their places in society and find out where they can be somebody and you know, how they can show up and how they can like, get their piece of the American dream and you know, what happens around it with them robbing the wrong people is really cool.


It's a, there's a great speech too that Kevin Hart's character gives, which is about how Atlanta is so unique. Yeah. And he is like, we've, we are not, you know, we're not New York, we're not la we're not Boston. This is a unique place. He sort of talks about the Civil war history and Yeah. Reconstruction and just like, this is, this is its own place. Yeah. And it Martin Luther King born there. Yeah. Yeah. And it's ours. It's ours. Exactly. Yeah. A real ownership and a real time where that was possible. And someone could go into a class and say, yeah, it was 30% black people In the country. Well, Sona believes that 95% of the country is Armenian.


Is Armenian. Yeah. That's Because you're, when you're in Glendale Yeah. You go to Glendale. Exactly. 95%. Yeah. 95%. That's the country. That's the whole country. Sure. Yeah. It's the same everywhere. Yeah. It's the same in North Dakota. There's a lot of Armenians there. Yeah. Well I believe 50% of this room is Irish. Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah. If we're just doing volume by size, definitely. I don't even think that's true. Well, I'm at the table. Yeah. Irish are just, we're like, I know we're everywhere. No, you also have a project I wanna make sure that I mention which is unstoppable. Which is a, a true story. Yeah.


Also based on, I think based a true story they make us say based on it. Because if they say this and then you say it's true and then this happens, they're gonna be on no But. it is. I'm based on a true story then too. Yeah. Hi, I am Colonel O'Brien and I'm based on a true story. Yeah. But yeah, just my lawyers make me say that. What Is based the kids say Based what is based. Yeah. What's based like A good thing. Oh, we all go to Joe. We all look at Joe. We all go to Joe. Yeah. We know who to look at. What. Is, It. I was remember Conan? He doesn't know. It's Like, it's, it's like a good thing. It's like that's based Oh, that's based like someone's or like the music or Like, is it mean Like food? Don't say like a bass guitar. Don't say that. No, no. Not like a bass. Were you gonna say that? No.


Is it Like a bass guitar? What, Is It. Like a, it's probably worse. Like The kids like a, like a good bass guitar. Right? So they're like, Hey, that's bass Bass. Or Is it like a, a cooking sort of a term. B-A-S-T-E. Oh see I didn't even know that. That's what I thought. No, it's B-A-S-E-D. It is BAS But Don don't know what it, why it, I was trying to Make a funny, Oh, I'm Sorry. Thanks a lot. Let's Google this. No, no. Stay whatcha Googling. It's where, Where based comes from. Don't piss off Sona. Don. She's 95% of the country. I think it means like being she'll take you out, being genuine. Being yourself is what kind of Google says, oh well, like there's based Is a slang term that originally meant to be addicted to crack cocaine or acting like you were, but was reclaimed by rapper little B for being yourself and not caring what others think Of you.


I knew it was little. I knew it was little B. You do. I thought that Was good. E at first. But it is little B. Yeah. No, no. Little E does Case And it's, yeah, a little E is cased. You know what, this went from one of my favorite episodes. Oh no. To absolutely just nose dive in the last eight seconds. Can we go over some of it and get it back? I mean, is this I think We can, I think we can pull this out. What Do we, yeah. Okay, let's get rid of this. But Look at this. You've got not one, you've got two projects. 'cause you've got Unstoppable as well. Yeah. Greedy. And it's based on a true Story. Yes. It is based on a true story about Anthony Robles, the a SU wrestler who went on to become the, you know, won the, the whole thing that year in college level.


And he has won Leg, which was, you know, oh, poor guy at the beginning until he started beating everybody. And then they're like, that's an advantage. That's an unfair advantage. Stop him. I Wish. I only had one leg. Some of us get all the luck. Exactly. He is, he was there when we were shooting the movie. He, he actually is in some of the movies. It's great. But Jarre Jerome plays him great young actor. And it's a really incredible story based on a true story about this guy's life. That's so nice. Man. You got lawyered up before you came in here. Look man, It, it's not gonna happen to me again.


Maybe One of you guys in Here fool me. Fool me. Four times ain't happening again. What Did you say? He made me say it. We got into a base thing. And, it went all Weird. All right? I'm gonna go off script here for a second. but I am obsessed. This was all scripted. Yeah. All of it. And you did. What do you mean? We're both holding scripts. We've been doing this Film or not. Guys, are we on camera? Can they see what's happening? Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. That's what he said. Don't worry about it. Hey, don't Worry about the camera. Just do what I told you to Do.


Geez. This is based on a true story. Yeah, yeah. I'm obsessed with Nicholas Cage, I'm just gonna tell you. Yes. And I'm going somewhere with this. 'cause I know you've worked with Nick Cage. Yes. And I. I covet any Nick Cage story and if there's anything you can give me, I'll be, I'll die a happy man. Oh man. And and very soon. Yeah. What Can I give you of Nick Cage? You worked with him in Family man. The family man. Yes. Which is like, I think it was made in 2000, I think. Yeah. Yeah. Nick always had very serious things to, we, we didn't have a lot of light conversations. Really? You, you meet Nick, he gets in the car and he's right in. And we were right into some heavy stuff. Like right away And I was like, oh, I'll meet you where you live.


We'll just live in heavy, so we'll be in heavy stuff. So I can't, I don't have any like apocryphal light, delightful stories about Nick. That's, that's just making me happy. But let me tell you, I am so glad and so happy to see what he has done. Yeah. And how his career, because he's doing what he wants to do and he has become, I mean he was already really, really, really, really good. but I think opening himself up to all these different things and going like, I'll do an insane comedy all the way. I'll do a super dark horror movie. I'll do, you know. Yeah. He's just my favorite kind of an actor who's like, let's see how many gears I have. Let's open this thing up and just have fun and just play and do a lot of good stuff.


And I think he's really proven that. He's like really real. He's really nuance. I, I re-watched Face Off recently, And. it is one of the most bananas. It's insane slash bananas slash delightful films. Yeah. And, it's both of these guys. It's Travolta and Kate just going for it, Chewing the scenery, chewing It up, swallowing it, bombing it back up again. And then, then like the dog ree it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But one of my favorite moments is, you know, we did so many weird odd bits, but we had one bit that's not even, wasn't well known or anything, But. it was a segment of the show where I'd go visit a, a horse.


It was a horse's head, like it was a kid show, and the horse, it was someone in a horse costume and his name was Loppy. And I'd say, now it's time for another visit with Loppy. And we'd play this goofy kid's music. And I'd go over and I'd talk to this horse and the horse would say these very, he'd be like, oh, co. And, and then he would say these very depressing things, very depressing things. And then wander off and you'd always hear a gunshot. And I'd go, oh my God. Like clo he killed himself. Oh geez. But then Loppy would come back and explain what the gunshot was and how it had nothing to do with him and, and he's okay. But then he'd be very depressed again. And then leave and the and that was the bit, oh my God. And then this faux very dark sketch for kids about a horse named Clappy.


And. I had a really fun song that went with it. And one day we didn't even do it that often, but I think Nick Cage was on our show one time and he came out and we were talking, and then out of nowhere he just went, I like Loppy And. I was like, I do Clappy. What? And he just, it turns out had, you know, caught the show once when Loppy was on and that had caught his imagination. Right. And I of nowhere. He just went, I like clappy. So what we did is I insisted, I told my writers, take that and the next time we do clappy, and every time we did Loppy after that, we'd do the whole opening to Loppy and then Play that.


A circle wipe would come up, And, it would say, endorsed by Nicholas Cage. And he'd go, I like Loppy. Without his permission, of Course, but I don't know why. He was probably so flattered. He was probably so And, I disliked the whole concept that this sketch has been endorsed by Nicholas Cage. And then just his head comes up outta nowhere from the interview. Oh, like Clop? Like clop. Yeah. I bet he loved it. I bet if you guy, if you saw him again, he would maybe do the Loppy movie. If you guys figured it out. I bet. I don't even have to figure it out. No. I can just write something quickly on an envelope. I'll Do it Based on a true Story based, based on the true story.


Sued by the real Loppy Loppy heirs come to get you. That's not how Dad was. You Misrepresented Dad. Wasn't there a story where you were in a car with him shooting a movie and he owned the car or something? Yes. And he did not rec. Yes. That was the day one. So like, Hey, it's Nick, nice to meet you. I'm like, nice to meet you. He's like, yeah, I, it's a great car. This is a Ferrari. He told me the exact make and the the year, and he is like, I love this car. I had a car like this. I think this is my car.


But this is the car you're shooting in. Yes. The camera car. The picture car what? With his car. He had owned it before he had owned it. He had so many cars that he was like, oh my God. Looks like one of the cars that I like. He reaches under the seat and finds like, cha, this is my car. Yeah. Wait a minute. Turn your head. I have to reach over here. They told me they destroyed this car. Oh God. He's owned that many that he's owned. So yeah, the chances that any car he gets in probably 50 50, he's owned it. Yeah, he is owned it. He did it. Look, Nick Cage was a movie star back.


I mean, he still is, but he was like sweet spot of movie star. He was island getting movie star. And. I. Think He was the, I mean, I remember him, I think buying a dinosaur or something. Sure. He was one of those guys who was buying. Yeah, That's right. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Just crazy things. A Dinosaur egg and Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. I got, you know, it's, it's funny, I've never come close. Even if I had the money, I'd be like way too cautious to like to buy a dinosaur. What's the smallest dinosaur you guys have? It's for my wife. Yeah. I don't, I'm not used dinosaur. It's a little baby velociraptor. It's two inches high and they're quite plentiful.


They don wanna stand out at parties. Yeah. $75 for this Petrified baby. Velociraptor. Do these things appreciate or like a car, as soon as you put in your pocket, it starts to lose value. I'm not gonna buy one dinosaur for a lot of money. I'm gonna buy a lot of small dinosaurs for little money. You're gonna amortize your risk across and Hang onto them. Dinosaurs. Yeah. Just hang onto them. Yeah. I'm not stupid. Like People say Conan went long on dinosaurs. Did it work out? No, it didn't work out. No, he's Ruined. He has an ice cream truck now. Here he comes. DA shitty dinosaur museum.


Ding. Can Ice Cream Cream? You can go in the back and look at the, the Dyno Museum. The Dyno Museum In the back. Oh no. Wow. That's A character in the Loppy movie, by the way. I just, he's got to be in the movie. Look, the question is, will you do the Loppy movie if I can get Nick Cage? I think we've seen that. I'll do anything. I just love that you're, when it gets out that you've agreed ahead of time to the Loppy music, your agent just screaming at you. You Right now. They're like, I, can I had you all lined up for Ocean 75? It's Conan guys. It's Loppy Conan. What? I'm gonna say no. Yeah. Look at Conan's track record in film.


I mean, it's unbelievable. What? Track record? I don't know. I got him confused with someone else. He's big. He intimidated me. Yeah. I have to tell you something every time I talk to you, it's an absolute just delight. Seriously. Thank you. You are fun. You're crazy talented. And, and, and just don don't know. Just, and, and man. Yeah. Improv. We need an form, an improv team. Let's Do it With Don. Cheadle. This would be such a good use of your time all being in film. I'm thinking a small improv troop in the valley. Oh yeah. Run it by Your agency. Yeah. I'll, I'm sure. Oh, is that them at the door? Unscrewing the hinges.


They're breaking it down. Get outta there. No, you are so smart and so funny, and, and also such a nice person. Thank you. I remember running into you and I remember you and at Restaurant and your wife at a restaurant and An airplane. That's right. but I remembered running into you with my son who knew you from the, and and he never does this, but he was, I just got respect when we got in the car afterwards that I knew you. Oh, That's hilarious. And that's, and then it ended. It was Shortlived. Yeah. Soon as you get that ticket to the guy, it was like, man, And, I'm gonna be calling him today. I, I saw Don Cheadle again. Doesn't quite work.


That stuff doesn't carry Making it creepy. Dad. It's sad. I know where he lives, Dad. We're in an improv team together. Yeah, we're gonna do the improv in the valley. He'll be here soon. Dad, we've been here for four hours. I know he's coming. Oh, no. Anyway, Don, congrats on everything. Thank you as always. You're the best. And I. Hope to see you soon. Appreciate you. Thank You guys. Lot of fun.


Hey, Sona. I have a question. Yeah. You're craving a snack. That's cool. Creamy. Chewy. Satisfying and indulgent. I like always. Yeah, that's what I thought. Then you have got not maybe got to try the number one mochi ice cream in the USA. It's called My Mochi. My mochi is premium ice cream wrapped in a sweet dough With. each bite you get the perfect combination of texture and flavor that is sure to satisfy Choose from flavors including strawberry, mango, double chocolate, and cookies and cream. Which is your favorite Cookies and cream all day? Oh, I like strawberry And. I like mango. Every flavor offers a unique taste experience. There's something for everybody to enjoy. Each box listen carefully has six perfectly portioned mochis and there's only around 90 calories per piece. Plus my mochi is gluten-free as well. It's a great on-The-Go snack with no spoon required. Just grab a piece and enjoy the deliciousness wherever you are. My mochi makes the perfect midday or after dinner treat. Feel joyfully chill with every bite of my mochi ice cream. Find my mochi ice cream at Target or visit my mochi.com. That's my MOCH i.com to locate a store near you.


Some trips are better in an Airbnb, like the trip you want to take with extended family, where you wanna stay close, but you don't wanna all share that one bathroom. Yeah. You just did it recently. I just went to Lake Arrowhead and I stayed in a, a listing that was a guest favorite. And I loved it so much. I was like, I think I wanna buy a house in Lake Arrowhead. And I remembered. I don't have money to do that. Yeah, yeah. So I, I that changed. but I loved the Airbnb experience there so much that I was like, let's look at real estate here. My wife, And I did an Airbnb on this island that is off of Washington. The coast of Washington. And. it was amazing. Mm. It was great And. it was just such a nice experience. Yeah. Better than a hotel. Yeah. You know, I don't want someone, Mr. Brian, would you like us to carry you to your toilet, please? Well, yes I would. I would like to be carried to my toilet, but occasionally I don't want to be asked that. Yeah. That's when I want to Airbnb. So yeah, whatever it is, Airbnb is the best place to be.


This podcast is supported by FXs English teacher. It's a new comedy created by and starring Brian Jordan Alvarez from Paul Sims, the executive producer that brought you what we do in the Shadows. Love that show English teacher follows Evan, a teacher in Austin, Texas who learns if it's really possible to be your full self at your job, while often finding himself at the intersection of the personal, professional and political aspects of working at a high school. FX is English teacher is now streaming on Hulu, all new Mondays on fx.


You know, just before we started the podcast today, there were other things I was thinking of talking about. And then I came in at the tail end of you describing Matt a job you used to have. And I. I immediately thought, I wanna hear about that And I Ho honestly have not heard the whole thing yet. It just sounded quite strange. And I'd like you to tell this tale if you don't mind. Yeah, Sure. It is very strange. There was a guy who found a corporate loophole with an airline where he figured out if he could pay dumb people like myself to fly legs of a flight, he would accrue more in mileage for his company than it would cost to pay us to do this thing. So, Who's us? You said?


Me And some friends from our improv group. And this was in the nineties. Well, okay, hold on. In the 1990s, you're in an improv group. Yeah. How did they find, how did he This person, this, this. Oh God. This gets deeper and weirder. I know I'm asking the question to be, I'm the lawyer here. I'm asking the questions. There used to be a show on NBC that was on after Saturday Night Live called Quick Wis, which was improv comedy type show that we, I, sorry. I worked at NBC in the nineties in the comedy division. Never heard of Quick Witch. Nor would you, nor would you. Because this thing I think was syndicated and we were all on it And. it was, it was, it was what It was And.


I Don't, maybe Quick Woods wasn't doing well enough that he figured out he had to somehow scam an airline. I don't know. He was a very nice guy. But he paid a bunch of us in this group. And I would, so He was associated with the show. He was a producer on the show. Okay. Okay. But he was also running the side hustle where he would pay essentially mileage mules like us. And I would do three round trip flights a day. To where? To where? To LAX. Well, that was the thing you could choose. So you could, A bunch of my smarter friends chose Vegas and Arizona. I chose San Francisco along with my buddy Jeremy, just thinking, ah, it's cooler up there, but you get fogged in up there. So we couldn't even complete all of our flights each Day. So you're flying LAX to, to San Francisco.


Yeah. Three times back and Forth. Three times in a day. And We, we get off the plane and get right back on the same plane and the, the flight attendants would look at us like we were drug mules or something. Well, you may have been drug meals. I just, well, we were handed these things to places. Did you Places. Did he ever put you to sleep? And then when you woke up, you felt something in your bottom. Yeah. Yeah. But that's most nights. Okay, so quick wins. So many questions. Do you ever WIK Of course, Wit you don't, you don't have to explain lazy that anyone who comes up with the name Quick Wits would have to of course, spell it that way. I know. So Look, I'm not proud. Okay? Did, you ever suspect, because I never saw this show, And I worked at the fucking network.


Did, you ever suspect that there was no show and this was just a trick to get you to be mileage mules? I'm suspecting it now. Yeah. I don't think, I mean, I think this person literally said, I wanna get as many mileage, as much mileage as I can. So I'm gonna pretend there's a TV show. Hire eight improv people. And then your, your improv game was fly on an airline three times a day. Yeah. don don't know what to say other than the airline figured it out and they got into a big argument. And eventually the other thing is you had to pitch a quota amount that you would do. And if you didn't do that amount, you had to pay a penalty. You had to pay him. You had to pay him.


So if you didn't meet your quota, you had to pay him money as a penalty. Yeah. Okay. Now is the crucial question. How much money did you get paid to say, wait, go to the airport, wait in line, go through security, get on the plane, fly LA to San Francisco, get off the plane, then get wait around for the next plane. Get on flight back. How'd you get? How much did you get per flight? We've got $50 per flight. Well, this is late nineties. Pre Nine 11. I was gonna say pre tsa what? Pret No. Hundred 50 a day. Because we were doing three flights. No, But here's what gets fogged In I know that was the problem because you were And. I wasn't gonna make my quota. You were always just circling.


You probably never landed in San Francisco, by the way. They were first class. No one's ever landed in San Francisco. These were first class. They were, but it's those little air buses. So that almost doesn't even matter. No, There's no first class in the Airbus. No Did. you try and eat a lot of free snacks and stuff, you'd Just get peanuts. That's it. You know, I mean, I had a nice time with my buddy Jeremy. We became best friends because of this. But then they got into an argument, the airline and this guy were You, how do you know this? He told you, we Found out because most of us were not gonna make our quotas by this deadline. And luckily the airline, and he settled for some amount and we didn't have to finish our quotas. He then went and wrote a book, I think like a self-published book about it that's maybe on Amazon or something.


Okay. Has this guy continued to flourish and show business? I don't think so. With shows called The Wacky Wiggles. Can we watch Quick Wits? I don't know how you'd find it. I don. Is It on YouTube? I doubt it. Not really. I googled, I googled it. And it did come up. But there Are no clips. Yeah. Clips. Yeah. It says Quicks certain people. It says eight mileage mules circle. The San Francisco Bay area. No, Wayne Brady was on it a bunch. Oh, he went on to other things. Yeah. Somehow he so escaped it. Here we go. Ordinary walking team. Yes. But what could become in the hands of Wayne Brady and Corey Ro Put your hands together for a funny comedian. Emmanuel Lewis. I'd like to do my impersonation of Gary Coleman. What you talking about?


When is, Oh boy. By the way, none of this was improvised. Wait, Where Are you? I'm not in this episode. It changed every Wait, You're not even in the Oh, because you're, oh, your plane is circling. I'm a, I'm 10,000 miles above San Francisco. Who? Did. you recognize someone That, that was She's in nervous. Mrs. Maisel. Yeah. See, what was her name? I love her. Never seen this. No. And why would you have? It was on at like two in the morning. And by the way, it's presented as improv. Everything was written. Alex Borstein. Okay. Can I ask a question? Yeah. You're saying that everyone I'm looking at right now was flying? No, no, no, no, no. Wayne Brady was not doing this. Alex Borstein, to my knowledge. How Did they get, how did they get outta it? I know.


He just went, he, I was part of an improv group that did this. And a lot of the people in the improv group were also on quick wits. And we knew him because he ran it. But Wayne, were Brady. Were were you ever on Quick Wis? Yeah, I was. You appeared on camera? Yes. You were doing this at the same time that you were flying around to roughly. I don't remember. Yeah, somewhere around there. It's all a blur. Yeah. That's Fun. It's, that's a, that's a, that's a, that's unbelievable. And, and it's just insane to me. I guess it's not illegal what this guy was doing. I don't think so. But. it was something shady about it that they settled with him outside. There's something shady about it. Hey, you kids go jump on an airplane.


I'll give you 50 to nowhere. I'll give you 50 bucks. I did, I did feel like exploited for sure. You know, but in the most like, innocent way, you know, it could have gone a lot worse. We all did things for a buck. What? I, yeah. I, well, Sona, do you wanna go ahead? No, I'm, you know, just, we did things. Yeah. What did we do? We Did, we, we flew to San Francisco three times a day. Oh. But now what Did you do. That's right. No, you did not. No, That was you. No, I'm, we did it. We're okay. Okay. You don't wanna hear about No, we don't wanna hear about it. I did like a, a thing for the National Association of Music Vendors.


And is this like Pre any kind of pre Exposure and Yeah. I'm just getting started in the business. I'm just, I'm writing for not necessarily the news. And someone saw me at an improv show and said, you're funny. We'll pay you some money if you can get yourself. It was like an hour and 40 minute drive out of LA to this weird structure where they shot videos of how to sell. They wanted to teach you how to sell musical instruments and how not to sell musical instruments. Oh man. And what I realized later on is they wanted to hire an improviser because they didn't wanna hire a writer. Mm. And so, yeah, they would just say be, you know, a real handsome guy would come out and say, the one thing you don't wanna be is the know it all salesman.


Like this guy. Oh. And then I would just be behind a counter and say, well, if you're gonna get a synthesizer, you don't want the moo guard two three. Lemme tell you why. And I would just make up all this stuff. And the customer would go Yh too much information. And the handsome guy would gay. Now let's try that again and let's have this guy, you know, listen more than he talks. So I did that. And I have it somewhere. It's in my parents' house up in the attic on three quarter inch tape. Do you remember what, three quarter inch tape that was big. A giant brick. Yeah. We should bring these in. 'cause I think I have a DVD copy of quick Wi. I would have to fi I, we would have to build that machine that could play, we could get it trans. This, this stupid tape of mine. We should have a a, a segment where all three of us bring in our most embarrassing thing.


Do you have anything embarrassed captured on tape? I have 28 years. I know I don Don. Don't think I five nights a week. I don't think I do. I haven't. I've only been on TV with, with Conan. But when I was in second grade, I was in the opening credits for a show. It was a legal drama. And there's a quick shot of me saying the Pledge of Allegiance. I love This. Oh, that's great. Yeah. I would love to see that. but I don't even remember the show. But you know, you know what I, I wanna see that. I wanna see you and a quick wits. And what I really remember fondly more than anything I did was the opening of the video has that kind of late eighties It's space. Oh yeah. And cubes spinning that have an image on each side of the cube showing different parts of what you're gonna see in the video.


And like, woo, welcome. I love it. To the And I Love And I. And you know, likewe And I. Just thought, We gotta find this. I gotta find it. I've been on a million game shows. And then I also won a toilet flushing, national toilet flushing sound effect contest once and was all over. What? Like National people from all over the country did this. This is just, this Is so, is this a noise you could make with your mouth? It's a noise I did make with my mouth and I'm not going to do again, because that's not what won me. The competition. That sounds what won The competition. No, it's just the way I set it up. It was, I slept with everybody. I slept my way to the top at the toilet Flushing competition.


I just love you in bed. And I. You're smoking a cigarette. You're like, what'd you think? Pretty good. Good enough to say that. I'm King Flusher tomorrow. I've Finally found what I want to give it away for. You're always right. You're taking a cab home, you're crying in your mascara running the next day. And the winner is Matt Goly. I love the one who actually deserves it. Just being really upset about it. Yeah. The artist. The artist. The Artist. Oh man. Well, we learned a lot about each other. Yeah. Let's never talk again. Okay. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Cession and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive, produced by Adam Sachs.


Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino taken away. Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista, and Brit Khan. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at siriusxm.com/ Conan. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded,


Sonic has embraced a new harmony of textures and flavors with the latest burger, creating a completely different experience introducing the Sonic Smasher. Yeah, check this out. It has two Angus beef seasoned patties, smashed and seared, crispy on the edge and juicy in the middle. That's layered with two slices of melty American cheese, a signature creamy and tangy smash. Your sauce crinkle, cut pickles, diced onions, and served on a pillowy soft potato bun. Mm. guess what Sonic is going to be sending us these smashed burgers. Ah, yeah. Yeah. You excited about that? I love Sonic and the I do. The idea of burgers that have been smashed together. Probably using some sophisticated cyclotron that fires the two patties at each other. Yeah. A thousand miles a second to create a whole new patty. I can't wait to try that. Try the Sonic Smasher today. Live Free Eat Sonic. Oh. Patties are proudly hand smashed by Sonic's dedicated team of Grow masters. No cyclotrons are used in the making of the Sonic Smasher.


This message is brought to you by BetterHelp. What's something you'd love to learn as an adult? Do you take time to learn new things as often as you'd like? Or was that kind of lost in childhood? I think a lot of people think once they're out of adolescence, they're not really learning anymore. I know, it's kind of sad. Yeah. Well, as you know, kids are always learning and growing, but as adults sometimes we feel like we've lost that curiosity and it's, it's just a muscle. You just have to exercise it. Yeah. So sometimes you'd be surprised. You can get into gardening. Mm. You can learn a new language, you can pick up a sport. There are all these things that make you feel like you can expand your horizons a little bit. Well, therapy can help you reconnect with your sense of wonder. Really can, because your Back to school era can come at any age. And talking to somebody can really help you connect with that sense of optimism, enthusiasm. And I'm a big believer if you're thinking of starting therapy, I suggest giving BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online. It's designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. You just fill out a brief questionnaire, you get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. And that's key. I think a lot of people get self-conscious about seeing a therapist. 'cause they think if it doesn't work out, how do I extricate myself? That is not the case with BetterHelp. Rediscover Your Curiosity with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Conan today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/ Conan.