
You know what's nice? In the old days, if you wanted a cinematic experience, you had to go to the movie theater. Yeah. You had to get your ass to a movie theater. Not anymore. With Samsung Ed, you get a full cinematic experience without leaving your couch. There's actually a brand new Samsung ed here in Team Coco studio, and it's tough to say. Focused on podcasting. When the picture quality is this good. I'm always losing track. Oh, I'm supposed to be interviewing one of the great people in history. And I. Start drifting away from them. I've noticed, because I'm looking at the amazing picture on the Samsung oled. Yeah, you dropped the ball a lot. Yeah, maybe. Yeah. Yeah. The AI powered processor upscales your favorite content in brilliant 4K resolution. you get to experience colors on a TV as they're meant to be seen, because this is the only OLED TV validated by the industry leading color experts at Pantone Plus on OLED S 95 D, you get OLED glare free technology so you can watch everything you love with nearly no glare. I can't stand glare. And I. Hear you. When there's glare. I can't even see the picture. Yeah, gamers, picture gamers. You're covered too. Hey gamers. Don't worry. What's that? Gamers, you're covered too. Oh really? Yes. Motion Accelerator 144 Hertz delivers ultra smooth motion and AI auto game mode tailors your game settings to its genre. Speaking of gaming, you know we're gonna be filming another Clueless gamer play. What game are we playing this time? I Like to surprise you. So don don't wanna tell you. We're also narrowing the games down. So if you out there have an idea of a game you want us to play, go to Team Coco podcast on Instagram and leave us a comment and we might pick that game. Can't wait to see how great this game looks on the Samsung OLED tv. And I'm just gonna add, it's AI powered upscaling. That's right. Stay tuned for the next Clueless gamer releasing late November experience TV the way it's meant to be seen with Samsung oled. Visit samsung.com/oled to learn more. Upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experiences may vary according to types of content and format.


Man, holidays coming up gets pretty intense, doesn't it? It does. Very intense. During the holiday season, it feels like you're packing a lot into every second. Everything gets compressed. Pressure lot. It's stressful so much to do. That's why ADT spends all their seconds helping protect all of yours while you're out. The ADT Plus app gives you complete control over who has access to your home. Mm. With the Google Nest doorbell from ADT, you can know for sure if that Santa or Aunt Mildred at the front door. See, I'd be suspicious 'cause I don't have an Aunt Mildred. It's Aunt Mildred. Thief ADT has the largest number of companies owned 24 7 monitoring centers in the industry. when every second counts count on ADT. Visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT A Google and Google Nest doorbell are trademarks of Google LLC.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hi, moon Tosser. Welcome to Conan O'Brien. Needs a fan. I love it. Hey, moon Muser. Hi guys, how are you? Hi. Conan. Okay. There's a lot to talk about here. First of all, I wanna make sure I'm saying your name correctly. How do you say your name? It's Ser Ser. Yeah, exactly. S very nice to talk to you. And. I. Love. It looks like later Hosen, you're wearing. Is that Yeah, exactly. I thought I should dress fancy for Conan. So this is my later Hosa.


Oh, very, very nice. Yeah, it's, yes, I do like it when my, when my guests wear later Hoen. I think that's well known. Actually, actually there is, there is a another reason for, for me, wearing my letter Hosa, I, I'm applying or trying to get the Austrian citizenship. So I have been wearing this for a month and running back and forth in front of the mayor's office. Hasn't out yet, But Hopefully it'll help at some point. Incredible. Really?


Well, that sounds like as good a plan as any mutasa to get citizenship in Austria is to run back and forth of the mayor's office worrying later. Ho in Hosen Mutasa, where are you from originally? So I am from Iraq. And I fled to Austria nine years ago. Wow. 2015. How Did you, can you describe how you, you said you fled to Austria from Iraq. How Did you do it? I just took the longest hike ever. And I landed in Austria somehow. Did, you really tell, you told the Iraqis, I'm going on a hike.


Don't worry about me. I'll be back. Don't wait up. Don't worry about the fact that I'm wearing 19 canteens And Later hose and later Hazen. I'm not gonna Austria. This is actually, I I got in with my later hose. They didn't suspect me. You said, this Is just my, this is, I'm into bondage. This is not later ho in. I am into bondage. Don't worry about it. So you, this is, I'm, I'm impressed you, you essentially walked all the way from Iraq to Austria. That's an incredible story. Yeah. So to Turkey it wasn't a problem. I flew to Turkey that, that went fast.


And then from Turkey to, to Austria, I pretty much walked most or half of the way, let's say. And sometimes I, I got to use a train now and then, or a bus. But yeah. And a lot of times I, I just was hiking. Wow. So you arrived in Austria and you've established yourself now, you've been living in Austria, in Lynch for quite a while now. Yeah, it's been nine years. So the first few years weren't that easy, but I started studying here. I've finished my bachelor and I'm teaching now in a private Catholic school in my city.


I also train beginners swimming. So I teach swimming as well. And yeah, I teach physical education and English in a middle school. I have to say Mutasa, you're an impressive person. Yeah. I think you deserve, oh my God. No, no. You deserve a lot of credit. Because the, to be so young to leave your country, you know, pretty much on foot, make your way all the way to Austria and then establish yourself. That's a feat. That's a real accomplishment. Many people. Thank you. Don't accomplish a quarter of that in a lifetime. So my hat's off to you. That's very cool. Thanks. Thanks, Conan. This is, this means the world to me, coming from you.


This is like, yeah, it's crazy. Well, I've never done anything like that. So I, I think you're the one to be respected here. Tell me a little bit about your life now. What's going on in your life besides I know what you do for work and I know that you are applying for citizenship in Austria, but what's your life like? Well, it's not much. Austria is a pretty much small country. It's not much going on. I've got a new apartment few months ago. I've got an Austrian girlfriend. Oh, let's hear about your Austrian girlfriend.


What about him? Yeah, just like to hear about her. Tell us about your Girlfriend. Yeah. Well she, she is Austrian from, from the Arabs, from the heart of the ARBs. We live, we live in upper Austria, between the mountains. She is five years younger than me, so she doesn't really think that I'm cool. She just From a five year age Gap. And you walked across all of Europe. Keep in mind she keep in mind he's wearing later hoses. That's true's wearing later hoses. Seen that snippets. We're getting snippets. So, so your girlfriend is younger. What's her name?


Isabella. So Isabella is Austrian. She's your girlfriend. And she doesn't think you're cool? No, no, not really. I'm still trying to convince her. Well, what do you think would help make you look cool to your girlfriend? Well, Conan that was my, my next request is for you to come to Austria and maybe we could wear Austrian litho, go to a beer tent and impress and take my girlfriend with us. So, oh, the girls will see, my girlfriend will see the girls going crazy at us. Yes. Then she will be like, I should keep Ser no ser.


Oh no. Ser I know. People think I'm crazy and diluted and that's partially true, but I'm not that diluted. I don't think you're a beautiful young girlfriend from Austria. Maybe Though standing next to you, this is a kind of like, she'll look and go, oh, he is pretty cool. You know, Maybe. Exactly. Okay. It's always good to have friends with me here in the, in the trenches firing their rifles into my side as I fight the good fight. Win tosser. Win tosser. Yeah, I am.


I just wanna make sure we get your plan straight. Your plan is, you would say it again. You would like me to come to Austria to help you look cool in front of your girlfriend. And what would we Do exactly? That is my plan. I mean, there, we, we could have another plan as a, you have, you are a powerful man. So you could come to Austria and convince the government to give me a citizenship if my leader plan doesn't go right. I I have to tell you something right now. Muta, your later hosen plan is not going to work out running around in front of the mayor's office wearing later Hosen will not yield results.


I don't know that I can do anything but I do know this. Anything I do will be better than your later Hosen plan. So, so the idea is maybe I help you get citizenship, but the main thing I'm interested in is young people in love. That's what, that's what I care about. And so does your girlfriend even know who I am? Yeah, she knows who you are. I introduce her to, to your videos, to your sketches. And she likes them. Of course. I showed her your sketch of you and, and Richter in Munich.


Yeah. Where you were learning how to dance. The Shoeler. Yeah. Shoeler. Yes. That's a very fun, I love that video. Yeah, it's, she, she loves it as well. Okay. So she's aware. And she's then seen me in later Hoen, which is good. I believe I'm wearing later Hoen in that. And so is Andy. Exactly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I remembered it being very tight and sensual. I kept asking them to make it tighter and then there was a certain limit where they just, they stopped Sona. Sorry. It's very constricting. Okay. That's all you need to know. but I don't need to know that. No, I think you, I'm gonna do a little drawing for you. No, no, no, no. We're good. No, No, no, no.


That pen ran out of me. You're good. No, there's actually more I can always replace. We Go tighter in Austria. We go tighter than the Germans. Yes. Yes. That's why I prefer Austria Tighter. So ser I would be your wing man is what you're saying. You're familiar with the American term term wingman. I would be your wing man. And by being your wingman, maybe Isabella would be more interested in, you think you were cooler? Is that the idea? Yes. So I, I I don't know. She, she goes to music festivals that last like for several days. She's going to, to a music festival in, in next week. I think they last several days.


And it's just loud. And too many people, And I would rather watch my beards grow for four days than be in a music festival. It's, it's just the last place that I, I would I wanna be at. So. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Not, not so much in College. No. I, I am with you Muta. My daughter loves a music festival and they go on for days. And, I like some music, but when it goes on and on and on and everybody's twirling around. Yeah. It's not for me. I would rather be at home. Yeah. Sleeping in tents and getting sweaty and No, that's, That's not for you. No, no. I, I go to the museum, don don't know.


I go to, I like to climb trees and pick walnuts, for example. That is other, another thing I do. Gee, I don't see what the problem is with Isabella. She got, she's got a boyfriend who likes to wear tyrian. You're from A fairytale. You Yeah. You, you are a fairytale man. You love to wear later hose and climb trees and, and pick walnuts. And she wants to waste her time at a Taylor Swift concert. No one likes that.


Sona when you take a big trip Yeah. With the family. And I know that you love to travel and your kids are getting old enough now where they like to travel too. Yeah, that's true. Who looks after the house? That's the thing. Nobody. Yeah. And so I've actually been toying with the idea of maybe, you know, putting my house up on Airbnb, making some extra cash, having someone there. It's like you're hosting people. Exactly. It's like you're getting paid to travel. You can use the money Yeah. That you get from putting your house up on Airbnb. Right. To help finance your trip. Exactly. And you know what? There's people there that are looking after my relics. You have a lot of people don't know this, but Sona has a lot of ancient Greek relics. Etruscan relics. Yes, exactly. You have a lot of sculpture from the Assyrian Empire. Sona has billions and billions of dollars worth of ancient Yeah. Ancient artifacts that have never even been looked at by archeologists. They should all be in a museum. They really should be. Yeah. But it's nice when you're, when you're away, your home could be in Airbnb and that's something to keep in mind. Yeah. So your home, aka your future Airbnb might be worth more than you think. Find out how much at airbnb.com/host.


There's nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you. Check this out. That's nice. Whether you're going on a weekend getaway outta the mountains, or let's say you're on a dream vacation, or in my case, a work trip to Thailand. It's just fantastic. Let me explain. It starts the moment you take off with free in flight wifi so you can stream your favorite show on the go. I mean, that's incredible. That is actually pretty sweet. I love that. I mean, that's insane. I'm always there with my credit card. You know, I can't figure it out. I lose the credit card. Yeah. The phone is stolen. Someone punches me. You start crying. I cry a lot when you land. T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands and an upgrade to Hilton Honors Silver. Mm. Plus you're covered with five gigabytes. Five gigabytes. That's more than four of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with the go 5G plus or next plans. These are just a few of the perks that feel like big wins when you travel with T-Mobile And. it, it's nice to stay connected to your family. I travel a lot, I do these travel shows. And if I'm filming another country, I know I can get to my family right away. Yeah. They usually don't wanna speak to me, but they have to. They screen your calls a lot, don't they? I suspect them of screening. Yes. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel today. Qualifying plan required wifi were available on select US Airlines registration and Hilton Honors membership required for Hilton Honors Silver terms and conditions apply.


God, I love football season. I love the rituals of football. Like what? Don't do that. Whatcha talking about from defending your favorite team after a bad loss to obsessively checking your fantasy lineups. Yeah. You know what I'm talking about. Football fandom is bigger than just Sundays. And you know, who knows that Miller Light? Miller Light knows the passion that comes with rooting for your team. That's why Miller Light keeps it simple, un debatable quality. You can try and debate it. That debate won't last long. You'll lose because it's Miller Light. You'll lose great taste, only 96 calories. It's the beer that strips away everything you don't need and holds on to what matters most. Who says, Hey, get me a beer with everything I don't need in it. Nobody. It's the original light beer since 1975. I've said it before and I'll say it again. Red Sox won the penant that year. Yeah. Make your game time taste like Miller Time taste great. Less filling. Let it be both. Why fight? You know there's enough fighting in America right now. You can Have both. There's space for Both. Thanks Sona to get Miller Lite delivered right to your door. Visit miller lite.com/ Conan or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories for 12 ounces fewer cows and carbs and premium regular beer


as a B2B marketer. You know how noisy the ad space can be. Don't just on a so many Ads. Yep. They're all over the Place. Yeah. If your message isn't targeted to the right audience, it just disappears into all that noise. Yeah. It's like dropping a coin down a fountain. You never hear that. Splash Down a fountain or a well Shut up. Okay. With LinkedIn ads, you can precisely reach the professionals who are more likely to find your ad relevant. I Wish, someone would find me relevant. Oh my God. With LinkedIn's targeting capabilities, you can reach them by job title, industry company, and more you'll have direct access to and building relationships with decision makers. A billion members. That's what 130 million senior level executives, 10 million c c-level executives stand out with LinkedIn ads and start converting your B2B business into high quality leads today. They'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. And go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco to claim your credit. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions apply LinkedIn the place to be Do to be.


I'm worried about you, ser because I identify with you. I'm a strange man myself. It's very rare that we end up with the cool girl. It's just, it's tricky one, you know? Yeah. Yeah. But if you, if you come to Austria maybe, and you do that, you will think, well, Conan is, is climbing a tree and picking walnuts. So that is probably cool. I will get you a nice health insurance in Austria, a nice cheap one. And we will go to Alex. You have Mutasa, you have the, I have to say you have the worst ideas for how to get citizenship and how to impress your girlfriend.


You know, you're not calling Brad Pitt, you're not calling any of these super cool people. I'll get Conan O'Brien to pick walnuts with me. My girlfriend will see that. And then it's sex hoy. Well, my dad just using her as an ex excuse for, for you to come and pick walnuts with me. Yes. Well, So She doesn't exist, Does she? Yeah. And I. Don't think this girlfriend's real. You'll keep saying she's just there around that corner. Look at his mug. Yeah. Show us that mug. Hey, hey. You got a Team Coco mug? This is My Conan Team Coco. Mark Conan. You are, you are applauding, but I'm not sure if I got it from the, from the official website.


So you probably didn't get any money for, for this one. It's okay. It's I friend, my friend. My friend got it for me for as a, as a birthday present for one and a half dollars. So it's totally Well SI bet if you put it in the wash once, it'll say world's best golfer on it. It was written Conan with a K. Yeah. I changed it ser I like you. Yeah. I like the You're just a, you're a good guy. You're a good guy. And I, quick question, this is important for me to know. Do you and Isabella live together?


No. No. Actually I'm trying to convince her to, to come to, to my city and live with me because I've just got a new apartment. Are You in your apartment right now or are you No, this is, this is my friend's room. I just, I'm staying here 'cause he has a nice head gear and a, a nice left. It looks like a room that a Lego figure would live in. I thought you were waiting for an elevator. Yeah. Yeah. It's a dormitory. It's a student, student's place. Okay. So you have an apartment now and you would like her to come live in the apartment. Does she like your apartment?


Well, she, I haven't decorated the apartment yet, but she lives in a very nice house with the lakes and the mountains. And here in the city, we don't have lakes or mountains, so Oh, she has her own house or she live with her parents? No, She, she lives with her parents still. Oh, that's tough. It's tough to get her away from that nice big mansion and come live with you in Walnut Tree. No. So yeah, that's, that's, that's the thing. I have a new apartment, but I haven't decorated it yet, so. Yeah. Are you good at decor do you think? Maybe. No. If you ma Oh, you're not. I'm Horrible.


Okay. Well listen, maybe if, if you made the apartment look cool enough, right. That might, I mean, Sona, you jump in here if Yeah, if a guy was trying to entice you to move in with him, would, if, if he made the space look cool enough, would that entice you? I think it would be more can I put my own stuff in there and make it cool myself? I see. But yeah, it does make a difference if you put the effort in, I think instead of, you know, like a, an apple crate for your TV stand and stuff, which I've seen Yeah. And dated guys like that. Yeah. Didn't love it. Didn't love it. Dated you, dated guys that would just use like stuff from a construction site to make a bookcase, right?


Yes, I Did. Yeah, I did. I was younger. It's okay. It's okay. Everyone's done it. We've all been there and done that. Yeah, We have, everyone's done it. I if you got for Instance, a nice big bowl for your walnuts on the table, like a fine bowl. I have got one actually on. Sure you did. She she got it for me. Oh, she got it for you. Oh, that's nice. She said these are for your walnuts and that's when you knew you were in love. I think what's important, use it for something Win taser. I think what what's important is that you don't decorate your apartment the way you would do. You know what I mean? You be I think that's very important. don don't know. don Don't know either.


I think He could be himself. You said Sona. Yeah, that's true. That it's important to ask her what she likes and maybe make the apartment yield to some of her aesthetic wishes. Is that a possibility? Well, how about you help decorate my Jesus, my apartment according to your taste. Okay. And then, Okay. Does she, does she like Civil war memorabilia? Oh No. Yes. Oh, I I think she does. I haven't asked her, but I'll answer for her. She does, Sonin has Has a civil war memorabilia tree that even climbs up and picks memorabilia.


All three of you can go furniture shopping together. And then she, the Three of us can. Yeah. Then She can put in her 2 cents. but I amm nervous about you. You shouldn't be, or Even ser just doing it all on Amazon. I don't know why you would look at MTAs and look at me and be worried that we don't know what a woman finds sex. Yeah. Okay. Sorry. I think you're outta your mind. Yep. Sorry. Sorry, MTAs. I I'm very, I'm very impressed by you. I think your personal story is incredible and what you've done to single-handedly forge your life through a lot of hard work and taking some risks is amazing.


You're a very impressive guy. So I would do anything I could to help you with Isabella And. I would try not to hurt things. I would try to just only make things better. Thank you, Kona. Thank you. I will make a whole list of things you can do for me to fix my life and, and everything. And I'll send it to Team Coco. My career has taken some weird turns. Yeah. I now just have massive to-do lists. And I rush around the globe, running small errands. You're Like Mary Pop. Well, you haven't been to Austria, so I I have still Have some time to I would, I've never been to Austria. I would love to go to Austria.


And I would love to meet you and personally shake your hand. 'cause I think I'm lucky to, I'm lucky to have a fan like you Mutasa. You're a cool guy. Thank you. Thank you. Well, I, I have been listening to you to watching your stuff like for, for years since my beginning in Austria and I watched thousands and thousands of videos. And I laughed at least 12 times. And That's the ratio. That is the ratio Montas, sir. At least I said at least it's Probably more, it's always been 3000 to 12 has been the ratio And Yeah, there were some, some difficult times where your videos helped me a lot and yeah.


I I used to just be alone and giggle with watching your Conan Without Borders Or Oh, nice. Jordan Schlansky stuff or, yeah. Well you know what the important thing is now we know each other so I know you now. Er, And I. I hope I get to know you better, but I'm very lucky to have a fan like you. Thank you, Conan. Thank you very much. All I think it's this, it's Means the world to me. And I. Think it's time you go and waxed and oiled your clothing. So, And your walnuts. Yeah. All. right. Well, take care. Muta, sir. Bye. Thank you.


Thank you Conan. Bye-Bye. Thank you guys. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer Aaron Blair, associate talent producer Jennifer Samples, associate producers Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at siriusxm.com/ Conan.


Please rate, review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wherever find podcasts down


Experiences make life more meaningful. And with MasterCards priceless.com, you can immerse yourself in unforgettable experiences in dining, sports, art, entertainment, and more in over 40 exciting destinations. From a round of golf with a legendary player to cooking class with a celebrity chef, or getting on the field during the 2024 MLB postseason. You can fuel your passions and create lasting memories with experiences available on priceless.com. Explore experiences today@priceless.com exclusively. For MasterCard card holders, terms and conditions apply.


What's your boldest, truly ambitious life goal? Everyone has one and everyone deserves a way to get there. That's why State Street offers a wide variety of ETFs to give all investors access to the market and the chance to reach their goals. Like with DIA where you get 30 US blue chip stocks in a single trade, wherever you are heading, getting there starts here with State Street. Before Investing, consider the funds investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Visit ssga.com for prospectus containing this other information. Read carefully. DIA is subject to risks similar to those of stocks. All ETS are subject to risk, including possible loss of Principle ALPS Distributors Inc. Distributor.