
Three couples, four vacations. A lot to unpack. Watch the Four Seasons, a new series starring our comedy favorites. Tina Fey, Steve Carrell, Coleman Domingo Will Forte and more in a hilarious and heartfelt love letter to long-term relationships based on the original Alan Alda film. Watch The Four Seasons streaming now only on Netflix.


You know, it's nice to have friends who are supportive of what you're into. Yeah, it is. Whether it's hip hop, country mashups, or the latest indie comedy flick, they're just down with what you want at that moment. Yeah, well, like those friends, State Farm is there. I didn't see that coming. State Farm is there to help you feel supported by helping you choose coverage. Yeah. It's just like choosing coverage, You know, You know, with so many options. It's nice knowing you have help, finding what fits for you. Yeah. So you can check coverage off the list and spend time laughing with friends at the movies. Mm. Or whatever else you are into. Maybe going to a rodeo. Just thought of that. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hi Lucas, welcome to Conan O'Brien. Needs a fan. Hi Lucas. Hey There everybody. Hi. How are you? Good, how are you? We're we're doing well. Our friend Matt Gorley is not with us today. He called in sick when Okay. Which means he's probably at the mall scoping out the chicks. I know what he's up to as he does, as he does. Okay. Lucas, tell me a little bit about yourself. Where are you in the world right now? I have no idea. I am currently in Amsterdam. Oh, okay. Is Amsterdam where you're from?


Yes. It's also where I'm from. Yeah. Oh, Wow. Okay. I love Amsterdam. I was there many years ago. I shot some travel stuff there in a whole other lifetime, I believe in the nineties or early two thousands. Really? And I loved it. Whoa. I thought it was one of the most beautiful places I've ever seen. And the really, I, I think it's absolutely gorgeous. So, good for you for living in Amsterdam. And tell me a little bit about yourself, Lucas. How old are you? I am 26. Okay. So I lived in Amsterdam with my girlfriend and my two cats. I currently work as an IT consultant and I play basketball. Okay.


Basketball. That's that in a nutshell on, Okay. You say I you play basketball, you mean just as kind of a hobby? Or how serious are you about basketball Nowadays? More of a, it, it's more of a hobby. I used to play professional Whoa. Some a while back when I was still studying, but I could not combine work and professional basketball. So You played on what level did you play professional basketball? The highest level in the Netherlands. That's, That's fantastic. That's, that's imp impress. That's impressive. You were, yeah. Compare it to the rest of the world. It's kind of meh, but it's, it's, it's all right here. Can I say something, Lucas?


I don't like your attitude. I, You know, you're saying I, you, all you have to do is say, I play professional BA basketball. I played pro ball. That's, and then end the sentence there not, you don't have to mention in Amsterdam and for the Netherlands it's okay. Yeah. But it's kind of mad everywhere else by that point, the woman that you were talking to at the bar has gone. Okay. You just say, I played professional basketball. Yeah. But yeah. But I don't want to get, want to let it get, get to my head. So I want to keep myself grounded and keep myself Humble. Okay. It could get to your head. Yeah. I think I would let it get to my head. I would, I think there's nothing wrong if I had played professional basketball for a day.


It's all you'd ever hear about. It's all you'd ever hear about. It's true. Were you any good? You must have been pretty good. Yeah, I, I dated for I think five years. I, I, yeah, I was pretty good. I was playing, I was also playing here in Amsterdam, so yeah. I, I was having a good time with a lot of traveling. It was still when I was still in college, so that was kind of rough, like comparing, doing the studying stuff next to the basketball and combining that. But it, it was, it was a good time. Now Let me ask you some stats about yourself. How tall are you? I'm six three. Okay. All right. That's So, I'm not that tall Again.


I mean, Lucas, we have a lot of Oh, but Compared to other basketball players On the court compared to, yeah. Guess what? Compared to the sun, I don't generate much warmth, I guess I'm a cold fish. You've gotta stop doing that Lucas. Okay. Okay. Okay. Alright. You're six three, which is tall by just about any standard. Okay. You're a six foot, we're gonna work on you Lucas, you're a six foot three badass who played pro basketball. Yeah. And now you're an it genius. Okay. Yeah. That's the way to Yeah. You need some of this American swagger. Here's what we do in America. And I think you've probably noticed, we just say we're great at stuff.


Yes. Even if we're not, and a lot of times we don't know what we're doing, but we just say we've got it all covered and the rest of the world just shakes its head and goes, they're wrong, but whatevs. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Whatevs. Yeah. So I, I think you should feel better about yourself, You know? Alright, I'll take that attitude. Sure. And you should start wearing a lot of chains. Okay. Don't you think that's an Odd Yeah. Okay. Chains, just chains that say Lucas, why? And, and I'm six three. Okay. He, you want him to wear his height on a necklace instead of just Like, yeah. And I'm a badass Existing. I mean, I feel like people will know he's tall just by being around him. You mentioned a girlfriend.


What's her story? Yeah, so she also plays basketball. She still plays basketball pro for the National team. Wait, your girlfriend's a professional basketball player? Yeah, she is. That's fantastic. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's pretty, it's Pretty cool. I, I met her through her brother. I used to play with her brother on the, on the team I used to play on. So What's her name? I, I met her. Sorry, what's her name? Zoe. Okay. So Zoe and how tall is Zoe? Six one I believe. Six one? Yeah. You Keep looking off to the side. Is she in the room with you? No. No. She's two rooms, two rooms apart. Wow. This relationship is flourishing. We live two rooms apart from one another.


What are you? A Mennonite. Okay. Well, alright. But thanks. How long have you been going out for? Seven years. Oh my Goodness. Years. All right. Wow. Okay. Things are getting serious. Yeah. And you're young. Yeah. So you started dating when you were 11? That's, But You know what, again, it's, it's, it's Amsterdam. You guys were probably, You know, token on that bun. Oh boy. Dayton when you're 11, You know? Yeah. So, no, no, no. Those are just stereotypes about Amsterdam, which we don't indulge in anymore. We know there's so much more to Amsterdam. The, well, I think this is all very impressive. It's Really cool. I think that's pretty sweet that you guys are both basketball players. I mean, do You play ball with each other?


Not that often. Sometimes when she needs a sparring buddy on practice, I go over there and we can play some basketball. But You give her a little, you do, you play defense a little bit and try and keep runner, You know? That's good. That's good. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I'll try to make it, I'll try to make her life a little bit tough. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's, that's good. You live two rooms apart from each other and you try to make her life more difficult. It's all adding up now. This is, this is the way. Okay. Well, I, I feel like you've got a pretty good life. Are you done with basketball or do you wanna continue with it? No, I'm, I'm, I'm certainly, I'm still currently playing, so I quit pro basketball and then I had two years of, well, not playing and I just started playing again this season.


So yeah. I'm, I'm still, but on a lower level, so I'm kind of relaxing. Hmm. Yeah. What's your strength as a player? Ooh. I think, I think I'm, are You those guys? I think I'm a pretty good score. Oh, sorry. Are you those guys that has like a killer outside shot? Like you can just, you can just Drainin it. Yeah, you can Drainin threes all day Buckets. Yeah. Hey, I'm a I'm doing the cool talk. Can you just Drainin buckets all day Doing the cool talk. It stopped when you said cool talk. That's when it stopped being cool. You just Drainin in trays. Oh my God. All day and all night.


Are you just, are these raining down? Is that what's happening with you? Or are you a guy that drives, do you drive to the hole? Because I'll tell you, that's what I did in Monday. Okay. Ew. What? Yeah. No, I meant drive toward the basket. Oh, that's okay. Yeah. Okay. I thought you meant something, You know. No, no, no. Vagina, no, no. Jesus Christ. No. Right. And that doesn't exclusively mean vagina. Okay. Okay. There's another hole. I'm just saying. Oh, no. I'm saying how dare you assume it's not anal. That's very insulting.


Lucas. Oh God. This has gone way off the rails. And I think I blame Lucas. Yeah. I blame Lucas too. Lucas, You know what? As Americans, we blame you. Yeah. Dutch. Yeah. You European, you are not pulling your fair share. Yeah. You piece of shit. Hey, that was too far. That's too far. This guy can Drainin trays all day and drive to the hole, provided it's the right hole. Lucas, I'm ashamed of myself. I'm ashamed of my country. I'm ashamed of my assistant. Sona, this is just a mess. Hey, easy on the water. Okay. Yeah. That stuff ain't cheap.


He keeps gulping water. No one ever said easy on the water. On the water there, pal.


You know me, Sona. Sometimes I like to get away from the hustle and bustle of the podcast, the television show for Max my rock and roll concerts. Oh. Why my, my modeling gigs. I like to just disappear, get away for the weekend. And You know what, when I do, I like to think, Hey, maybe I could host on Airbnb my place. Yeah, I think you could. And then I think Yeah, but it's just covered in pictures of me. It really is. There's a lot of pictures of you giant paintings of me with various Bassett hounds I never owned. But you Yeah. You do this all the time. I do. And I'm actually planning a camping trip to Kern River, and I am going to put my place on Airbnb while I'm gone so I can make a little extra money. And guess what? I just got a sweet new blender so people staying at my place can use that blender. Yeah. That's nice. Yeah. People looking for, I bet a lot of people are saying, well, I, yeah. I, I don't care what kind of place I'm in, as long as it has a blender. Oh, It's a, it's an amazing blender for anybody who wants to stay at my place and I can make a little extra money while I'm out under the stars. It just makes so much sense in these modern times. It does. Just think about it. If you host while you're traveling, it's a great way to offset some of the cost of your own trip. Yeah. Your home might be worth more than you think. Find out how much at Airbnb dot com slash host.


I mean, mother's day's coming. It's a special time. I remember the time I made my mom breakfast in bed and I brought it to her and then I spilled it on her lap. Oh geez. The orange juice went everywhere. Oh God. Flapjacks were flying. I really screwed up. She never forgave me. Sorry, mom. It's hard to find a gift for a mom because what do you give a superhero? Mm. Macy's gonna help you give the gift of luxury at a great price with makeup and fragrance sets or skincare products from the brand everyone loves. Like, I don't know. I'm just gonna couple off the top of my head. Lancombe, Clinique, Estee Lauder. Hmm. Macy's has the fashion too. Of course, you'll be able to find just the right clothing, shoes, and accessories to match whatever style of mom you have in your life. With all the best brands and newness for the season in stores. Now it's the perfect time to head to Macy's. What kind of mom are you? Are you fancy mom? Cool. Mom laid back. Mom, biker mom. I'm, I'm definitely a cool mom. I don't know. You're kind of a nerd. Mom. I'm a Nerd mom. Okay. It's coming from you. Wow. Oh, you got your glasses. They're taped up in the middle. I just made a robot in the garage. So make a Mother's Day. This Mother's Day. Let Macy's be your guide to gift and from Mother's Day Shop now on online liner in store.


Sure. We got blue jeans, baseball, bald eagles. But come on, there's really nothing as American as the burger, right? Mm. And there's nothing more burger than the Sonic Smasher. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, this thing is made to order. Hands smashed Angus beef patties seared to perfection with those incredible crispy edges that make you want to start a slow clap. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. That kind of slow clap where you're like, yeah. Sonic, you brought the Sonic Smasher. Then there's the layered melty cheese, crinkle cut pickles and onions too on top of it all. Oh my mind splitting. Try the Sonic Smasher is a double, or why not? God forgive us all A triple Make the Sonic Smasher your next new favorite burger. Live Free Eat Sonic.


This is an ad for the active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. And You know what? That's a mouthful. Yeah. It's, that's a lot to say, but I did it. It's a lot of word. You know what, it's a mouthful because it packs a lot in. Hmm. You can earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases with it big or small. So whether it's buying tickets to the game with your mom or grabbing a coffee with your dog, my dog doesn't drink coffee. Earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases made with it. Learn more at wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply.


Does Zoe know that you're talking to us right now? Yes, she knows. Yeah. Does she approve or does she think this is a huge waste of your time? No, she approves. Okay. She approves. Okay, good. Is there, she Was pretty high for me. Does she Like Conan? Does she know who he is? Yeah. Yeah. She, she knows who, who he is. She likes him. Yeah. Hey. Yeah, there you go. I mean, who wouldn't, You know? Sorry. International, international star. She's just two rooms over instead of like, outside excited. So I just thought maybe she was just, And You know what? She ambivalent. They didn't even have that room. She rented that room when she heard that Lucas was gonna be talking to me. Paying a lot of money right now to stay away.


Lucas, is there any way that I can help you? I like to help people and you seem like a nice guy and I'd like to help you in any way I can. Yeah, sure. So we were on the topic of basketball and you were saying like those interesting phrases with like driving through the hole and that kind of stuff. Yeah. So I'm in a team with a lot of introverts and I think, and I, I'm also kind of introverted, but, but when I'm on the court I can get more vocal, but Yep. I think you could help me and maybe my team through me be more of a trash talking team. Oh Yeah. Oh, you, you came to the right guy. Yeah.


I'll tell you what. True story, Lucas, I used to play a lot of basketball with just kids in the neighborhood. There was a hoop, there was a school across the street. There was a hoop there. And so my brother and his friends would get together and a bunch of us would play, and my sister Kate would come over and play. She's a good athlete. And we would have these games. He's just pickup games in the neighborhood. And I spent all my time describing who my character was. I would stop the game and describe who my character was, how, how he had died time in prison for murdering a fan in the stands, but got off on a technicality.


I I would go on and on and on. Then I would talk constantly when they would pass me the ball, I would start talking as my character. Oh God. And it was so, I mean, occasionally people would be laughing, but a lot of times they were just annoyed and frustrated. What? And so all I did was talk. So yes, you came to the right place. I swear I could teach you guys to trash talk. I would be so good at it. That would be great. Yeah, I could because I really don't did that. Go ahead. I, I was about, I was about to ask, did that trash talk open up anything? Like in the game for you? No, in no way. It helped my game. It in no way helped my game because there were long periods of time where I'm holding the ball, not moving and not trying to score or pass, but just monologuing as my, as my character.


Nikki Fis. Nikki Fis was actually one of them. Nick, his name was Nikki Fis. P-H-I-S-S. Oh God. And he had done time in prison for attacking a, an old woman in the stands. And, and she had died and he had gone to prison for manslaughter, but then got out on a technicality. Oh my God. That is a real story. And I remember my brother Luke holding his head in his hands saying, can you just pass the ball? And I would be the announcer. This is Nikki's first time since being let out of prison on a technicality. May I remind you, Nick Fis murdered a 72-year-old fan in the stands. We have tape of it now. We'll go to it now. And they, they were just begging me to play.


So I will make your team more vocal. I will team make your team great. Trash talkers. Will you be better at basketball? No. Will you be worse? Yes. This will not help your game. Okay. That sounds like a good deal. What about physically? Is there any way I can help you physically like to train or anything like that? I'm a very, I'm a very physical man. I am six four and I have a very impressive physicality in person. I know it doesn't come across on screen. Shut up everyone who's here. Just shut up. Shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up in person. I have a very, a physical aura.


How can I help you in that area? Well, maybe, I mean, I have to, this, this is not a good way to start this story, but I've completely giving up on gaining weight, even though I think I still should gain some weight just to like, throw people around a bit more on, to be able To do That. You're, Are you saying you're skinny right now? I'm, I don't, I don't say I'm super skinny, but yeah, I'm on the le I'm more on the leaner Side. How much do you weigh? And If you use kilos, I'm gonna fucking lose it. I want pounds because we are the dominant empire right now. How much do you weigh?


I don't know how to convert this. Well, we, we can convert it. How many kilos? I think I'm about 85 kilos an hour or something. Okay. 187 pounds. Wow. 187 pounds. Okay. Okay. Six three. You know what? We're not far off. 'cause I am six four, about 1 91, something like that. 1 92. Somewhere in that neighborhood. Of course. Mostly muscle that weighs more. Oh God. I do this when I'm lying. I never did anything wrong. I have no lust in my heart. My god. Okay. Quiet man. Can look, can he, anyway, you wanna, you wanna bulk up, right?


You don't wanna just put on weight. 'cause If you wanna just put on weight, I would say drink liquid ice cream. Literally. I've heard actors say that you just buy ice cream, you leave it out so it becomes a liquid and you just ingest as much of it as you can. But that's how actors put on. But you wanna put on muscle, right? Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, Yeah. I, I used to like, before, like, like I told, I had an intermission between the basketball season. Yep. So I, I didn't play for two years and I went to the gym more often and I gained more, yeah. Weight and more muscle. But once I started playing again, I basically didn't go anymore. And how does Zoe feel about this? Is Zoe content with Lucas right now? Lucas who? Yeah.


Yeah, yeah. She is. She's not complaining, right? No, she's not. You're not manning up? I want more muscle mass. No, not that I'm aware of. No. Well, she's been calling us. We get some calls from Zoe. Can you talk to him? Can you set it up? Okay. I, I would say If you wanna put on weight quickly, and I, this is my advice for not just you, but anyone in Amsterdam. In fact, anyone in Europe, I would say move to America, live here for six months and you'll put on a ton of weight just, and you won't even know what happened.


But that seems to be, that's just the American way. It's our garbage food. Yeah. Just live, just live here. Yeah. And you'll gain weight. So I, that's what I would say is move here. Now, it's not gonna be muscle, it's not gonna be lean muscle mass, but you will put on, you'll go back to Amsterdam, you'll weigh 240 pounds and you'll have had three knee replacements. And you'll only still be only 26 years old. How many Kilos? 108 kilos. 108 kilos. You weigh 108 kilos. Yeah. Yeah. What kind of car? That tough movie you do you have a car or do you drive around on a bicycle? I Got a bicycle. I knew it. That's it. Do you ever go la la la la la when you're on your bicycle? That's all we do. Because when I was in Amsterdam, true story.


I was standing on a bridge and two beautiful girls, literally two of the most beautiful girls I've ever seen that were wearing plaid skirts drove by together on one bicycle. Not a bicycle built for two, one girl and another girl. Like, You know, and these women were, I wanna say they were like 19, 20. They, they were, one was sitting on the, on, in front of the other, like straddling the front of the bike and the other was behind. And they rode by and they rang the bell and they were going, la La la, la, la, la la la la. And I thought, this is Amsterdam, La la la la la la la. We live in Amsterdam. Ding ding. If you do that for two seconds in LA, you'll be beaten with a pipe.


Imagine if I got on the 4 0 5 freeway. Ding, ding, ding. La la, La, la, la, la. Three gunshots out the window. Yep. Yep. Lucas, I admire you. You seem like a very nice guy. I think you need to, I think you need to project a little more confidence. You're an impressive person. I think you're a little hard on yourself. I am. I'm very happy that you and Zoe have found each other. I hope someday you spend some time in the same room. I look, I aspire for that for you. I hope someday she moves to the room that you're actually in. But this seems to be working for you guys now. And it's been an honor.


It's been an honor talking to you. Well, Thank you for having me. I'll, I'll, I'll phone to Zoe and see if we can arrange something in the future. Yes. Why don't you write Zoe a letter and then I want to go through the postal service. Okay. And then be delivered to her door, probably within a week by a mailman who'll be singing la la, la, la, la on a bicycle. Well, Lucas, so cool talking to you, and I hope our paths cross someday. That'd be fun. Yeah, that'd be fun. Thank you for having me. Yeah, take care. Cool to talk to you. Thank you, Conan. Thank you, Sona. Bye-bye. Bye. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona Ma Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive, produced by Adam Sachs.


Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer, Aren Blair, associate talent producer, Jennifer Samples, associate producers, Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan.


Please rate review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wherever fine podcasts are down,


Are your ulcerative colitis symptoms proving difficult to manage. Taya Guselkumab can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms. At one year, many patients taking Taya achieved clinical remission, and some patients also achieved endoscopic remission. Individual results may vary. TREM is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis, serious allergic reactions and increased risk of infections may occur before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tb. Tell your doctor If you have an infection, flu-like symptoms, or If you need a vaccine, ask your doctor if Tremfya can help you manage the cycle of uc symptoms, call 1 805 2 6 7 7 3 6 to learn more or visit tremfya radio.com.


You know one of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. Do You know what I mean? Yeah. It's ridiculous. It's crazy. Yeah. It's like, Hey, Santa Claus, get your bathing suit over here. Oh my God. Hey, he doesn't need a bathing suit. He is up at the North Pole. What did I waste my time for? Yeah, and he's got elves. Exactly. They can make it. Okay. You're ruining the point I was trying to make. Yes. No. One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. Fortunately, LinkedIn is a network of over 1 billion businessy people who might actually be interested in your business. You can target your buyers by job title, industry, company roles, seniority skills, or company revenue. So stop wasting budget on the wrong audience and start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will give you a hundred dollars credit on your next campaign, so you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco, that's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.