
The new Sonic Queso. Smasher now available. You're gonna wanna try this. They made the Sonic Smasher you love. 'cause you do love your Sonic Smasher, don't you? Sonic? I love Sonic Smashes And I love queso. Yeah. Well, guess what? They took the Sonic Smasher you love and they added the new creamy queso in hand. Smash patties Made to order. Just Makes my brain explode. I just saw your brain explode in Queso came out. The Sonic Queso smashes the perfect combination of Angus Pats creamy queso, jalapenos, and a Southwest aioli. Sounds like juicy goodness to me. All that's left to do is choose a double or a triple make mine two triples. That's a sex tt. The new Sonic Queso, Smasher. Live Free Eat Sonic.


It's officially sock season, otherwise known as Bombas season. That's right. The Cushiest Most pillowy socks. That also double is the best holiday gift. But don't be surprised if you end up keeping a few cozy things for yourself. You ever do that Sona? I love Bombas socks. And I, I also love all the other stuff that they do, the underwear and stuff like that. I like it. It's perfect and perfect time of year for Bombas. Yeah. I want socks. I want underwear. That's, I don't know. It's got my back. You know what I'm saying? Mm. It's, it's holding me. It's caressing me. What? It went too far. What? No. Bombas. I'm wearing 'em right now. They're fantastic. So, ready to feel good and do good. Head over to Bombas dot com slash Conan and use code Conan for 20% off your first purchase. That's Bombas. B-O-M-B-A s.com/ Conan. Code Conan at checkout.


Hi, my name is El Fanning And I feel ecstatic about being coated O'Brien's friend. Yes. I'll take it. Fall here. Back to school. Ring Bell Shoes. Walking loose the fence. Hey there. And Welcome to Conan O'Brien. Needs a friend joined, as always by son of Sian. Hello. And just put a little pep into it next time.


And Matt Gorley. How are you? Hi, how are you? I'm good. Hey, I ha I wanna bring up something that was a direct quote from you just now. Okay. You just said in this room, when I see a Hallmark movie, I watch it. I did. We weren't on mic. I didn't know that that would come back to haunt me. Well, Yes. So you're, you're prepared to admit that and you're good. I I I will not only admit it, I will encourage others to do it as well. I'm the same. I'm the same. And I'll say many people say that our nation is divided. That, that, that, you know, we've lost our way. I think nothing would unify this country more than everybody watching Hallmark movies. I just enjoy the pattern. You know, you could say that there are certain tenets of of drama that were set up by the Greeks and it's never really changed since then.


I love that Hallmark has a certain formula. They follow it every single time with chilling regularity. Yeah. And they've also come up with something that I think is revolutionary when we think of story. We think of conflict. Conflict is the center of story. Right. It's the what is the conflict? What is the problem? Any scene, someone comes into a room, there's an, there's a problem here. How does the person get the thing that the other person's trying to keep them from getting? That's how all good drama story works. Hallmark, I watch these things. There's hardly ever a conflict. They're conflict free yet they exist. They're extremely popular and it somehow works. But attractive single person meets other attractive single person.


Yeah. Oh, they one lives in Los Angeles and the other lives up in the mountains of Utah, but in an fairly affluent community. And they can get to each other within a 40 minute flight or something, hour and 40 minute flight. And there isn't really, they meet each other. She always immediately has to dislike him, but for not a good reason. It's Never a Good reason. There's never a good reason. And then it's a reason that can quickly be removed. So it's really not a conflict, it's a conflict the way, like, I'd like to come over there, but there's a small tissue in the way. Okay. Oh, you know what I mean? Well, There's usually some big city X boyfriend that they've got to kind of like, get out from under, but barely.


I don't know. I've seen ones where it really is just, I've, I've gone back and looked for the conflict and haven't found it. Do you think you could write a Hallmark movie? Yes, I do. Do you think you should? I think I should. That's the better question. Yeah. I think it would be a good use of my time. I really want you to write a hallmark. Do you Think you could star in A hallmark? Did somebody, I thought, did somebody make a hallmark? Somebody will. Ferrell Ferry and Kristen Wig. Yeah. Will Ferrell Christian Wick's a good one. And it's brilliant because, so it's been done. If they hadn't done it, I would do it. And, but I, it wouldn't be that funny. I think. Well, Would your situ, if you're the star of a Hallmark movie, what's your situation? Who are you meeting? Where are you going? Who are you leaving And where are you leaving?


Well, geez. Okay. Wow. This is a lot. Yeah, I know. I'm sorry. Okay, well, let's see. I am a guy, a very good looking. This is the part I play. Oh, come on. There's prosthetics. Get off my ass and light with prosthetics and, and, and lighting and CGI, they could do all kinds of shit to my face. Okay. So anyway, I'm a guy who has built an inn. I have, I have an inn and it's up and, and I'm very rugged And I sort of look like the brony paper towel guy. Wait, You're playing a rugged guy. You're playing the rugged archetype. I said CGI. No, I I'm not saying, look, I think you're an academic.


You're teaching at a university and you're like a frazzled professor. Okay. I think that's more your Sneak All right. You know, can I say something? But you're handsome because, and you don't need CGI stop being Mean to yourself. I appreciate the notes because that helped me. Sometimes I see myself differently than other people do. And I, I do see myself as a woodsman. Oh, as someone Woodsman. Not Even an outdoorsman. You have the specific trade of a woodsman. No, No. I, I, I swear to God. Did you know that I sued Brony? You Did. I sued the Brony paper towel people. 'cause I said, you totally ripped me off because it was around the time I was doing the Tour Sonar. I remember when I had the red beer And I sued them, And I said, you totally ripped me off. And Judge threw it out.


And he's, he did a picture, he had a side by side picture of me in, in boxers and the drawing of the Brony guy. And apparently they just threw it out immediately. And I tried to take it to the Supreme Court. Yeah. IIII have to interject here because this is, By the way, I just wanna introduce, this is Aaron Blair. We call him bla That's right. And he and several major celebrities have told you to shut the fuck up. That's right. When you interject The biggest. That's right. Tom Hank, Hank Harrison Ford and Tom Hank have both. Yeah. So anyway. And Shut the fuck up, actually. And, okay. And so let's hear it. Well, I just wanted to say, I, I am a huge fan of Hallmark movies and Lifetime movies. And every Monday, I I watch a movie with like, on, on Twitch with, with some people. And I think you would be really interested in a series by Vivica a Fox that's on Lifetime called The Wrong Ex.


So Like the Wrong Man. Okay. The Wrong Tutor. Right. The wrong Stepmother. Is every episode Different? Like Every episode is different, but they're all kind of the same. And I think you would be perfect for, And I wanna start a campaign for you to be in one of these movies. I Would do it because I would do That. There's always a moment. And you want conflict. Oh, there's conflict. Okay. Okay. There's always someone in a hoodie peeking around a tree. Oh, I could be a guy in a hoodie. Exactly. And, And I, You are a guy. I'm wearing A hoodie now at the end. And many times, many times I've peeked her onto Tree at People. And at The end, she, I'm a known peaker Always says the title of the movie. So she's like, told you he was the wrong man. Yeah. Told you it was the wrong tutor. And I think you would be perfect for this. And I want to start a campaign. Okay. I'm okay with that. And I wanna play this part.


And, and, and money doesn't matter. You know, I'll make sure that, I mean, as long as they, you know, you know, I what I know. I'm not sure That these movies have a huge budget. I'm just gonna put it out there. I know, but they're fantastic. And there's like, I think there's, I think ID you Do them for free. I think I've seen 19 of them. I'm not even kidding. Oh my God. First of all, first of all, you know that when someone says money doesn't matter, it means it all depends on the money. Oh, sorry. Okay. Sorry. But second of all, I'm willing to do it, but I think we should explore because I, I do take constructive criticism, And I do think I'd probably a frazzled academic. Yes. Yeah. But one of those things where when I take my glasses off, the woman realizes he's, you know, he cleans up. Okay. Yeah. But should, Should it be that You are in a current relationship with a kind of mean, snobby academic Yes.


And you go to a rural area and suddenly you meet this, let's say like Woodsman A nature guide, a woman who's like, does whitewater rafting and breaks you out of your shell. Yeah. And you don't know what to do. And you frolic and she finds the real you. Oh, first of all, I'm petrified. Yeah. And then you leave her and go back to the No, No. I, I, no, no. I, I, I have, I, I work at a small New England college. Yeah. Yes. And What do you teach? History. What's that? History? I just, only I know my one subject is Grover Cleveland. Oh. I'm a professor of Grover. Yeah. My, I'm a professor of Grover Cleveland ology. And It has to be liberal arts. It has to be, no, It doesn't have to see, Because you're sensitive. Hey, gimme something. This Is your archetype. Oh, okay. So You are a sensitive man. You Know what? She's right.


I've Seen you guys think this is a game for me. This is real life. Okay. I'm a sensitive guy. I teach like Emily Dickinson. I teach poetry. Yes. Okay. So, And I, And I have a very safe but frigid relationship with this other woman who works there. Yeah. She's controlling, manipulating, She's controlling. And she's always saying things like, maybe this weekend we'll go and look at that antique shop. And it's always very, Sounds pretty good. Is she how long, how soon she can be single? No, she wants to go teach at a big city like Ivy League University. And you're like, this is my home. This is where I, I love teaching. God. Just go, go preach from here. Preach then, then you're like, okay, I need to go find myself.


So you go on this white water rafting trip, which is so outside of your comfort Zone, but also, and it's, and then I get to do my trademark Conan Physical Comedy, where I'm, I'm like, wow. Wow. And my, my, my glasses are getting knocked off. And, and, and my book goes in the water Yes. Symbolically. And she keeps saying, dude, just chill. Just go with the flow. The whole trick of whitewater rafting is just, is letting loose. Yes. And then You guys kind of get marooned on a little forest island, and you have to like, kind of spend the night and make a fire together and stuff like that. And I, of course, I am inept, right? Yeah. I'm sorry. No, it's okay. You, you're, but that's okay. It's okay. But then there's one point where she's kind of fed up with me, And I look up at the stars.


And from memory, I recite this beautiful, like Walt Whitman poem. Whoa. And she sees me in a different way. And then we go into a tent, and this is the part that's gonna depart a little from Hallmark. We fuck like animals. We go at it. And at first the camera's outside the tent, and you just see silhouettes, but then the camera pushes into the tent. Oh, no. And it's two naked animals. And I am just a machine. A machine. And then you cut, you have all the cutaways to animals going, oh god. Owls head spinning around and deer running away, and salmon swimming the wrong direction.


Like A mama owl puts its wings over the baby owls ears. And then you, you come to the, the sun is coming up and you go back to the tent still going, You're still doing it. It's like Eight hours later. And then I pause to rehydrate and then, But anyway. But what's the conflict? Well, the conflict is then I You have too much. I have no, no, no. I, I lose myself. But that terrifies me. Okay. Yeah. So I go rushing back to the New England College where Enid crud, professor Enid crud with That's good. With three Ds. C-R-U-D-D-D awaits. And she's like, you said, you'd be three days and you were four.


Well, on our calendar it says, we're gonna move up to second base. We've been going out for years, and we have never done it. You haven't even Done second base With Enid crud. And yet I'm away one night with this whitewater rafting woman. And god damn it, I just went to Jesus Christ. What's the name of the movie? Hold on a second, whitewater. Hold it Rafting. Fuck. We gotta think of this Rapid love. Rapid love. That's good. Jesus, Sona. Yeah. Why are you wasting your time with us? I know, I know. That's perfect. Why are you wasting your time with us? I know, I know. That's, I know, that's right.


Ask myself every single day. Why do I A lot of times do this while you, A lot of times you're saying it out loud during the podcast. Why am I here? Why am I wasting my time? Rapid love. Yeah. We have to get this made. And I'm gonna get on this ViiV, because I love Vivica a Fox. I'd work with her any day. I think you would be fantastic in one of these wrong movies. Okay. I'm gonna start the campaign, but this is great. We got a lot of business sorted out. Yeah. All right. Let's get to it. My guest today, she's one of my all time favorites. She's a talented actress and saying talented actress does not even come close. No, I love her. I, I think she's a phenomenon. And she star in the Hulu series, the Great, which is one of my favorite shows. Now you can see her in the new movie, A Complete Unknown.


This is the Bob Dylan biopic with Timothy Chalamet. And everyone's waiting to see. It's gonna be in theater's. Christmas Day, El Fanning. Welcome. I'm ecstatic you're here because am I not right? Yes. The last, last time you, you were here, you left. And all of us were just bathed in Golden Light. True. Because you're, you're just, you've got a great energy. Thank you. You've got like, the nicest, kindest and, and like, super funny game. And then I came home and my wife was like, well, you're in a good mood. And I said, I was with El Fanning having a conversation, And I amm as happy as I've ever been.


And then she started to cry. And then You haven't seen me for how long. That was a Long term. And I haven't seen my wife since that night. Pretty much ended it. Thanks to you. I'm so sorry. Yeah. So sorry. I've never been that happy again. No, I'm so happy that you're here. We get too. We get it today. Yeah. And it's like, but I feel the same. Well, thank you so much for being here. And we were just, I mean, we, I mean, and the second you came in, before we could even start recording, you started talking about this Colin show that you were obsessed with for a while when you were in school and how they caught cheaters on it. And we just found out that it was a lie. Yep. Yeah. It was a lie. I'm devastated.


I can't believe that that's a lie. I Know. It's sad that these cheaters are fake and that they're not real tos. I know, but what was the show? Just say what it was. It was Ryan's Roses. Ryan's Roses. And you Yes. Which I think they still do. And you used to listen to it when you were going to school. Yes. In the mornings. Going to school in the mornings. And my grandmother list, she actually tuned in. This is what it was on the top of my mind, because she said that she listened to it the other day and she hadn't listened to it in forever. And we would listen to it together. And now I'm like, I have to go break the news to her. You don't have to tell your grandmother. No, don't tell her. I Won't tell her. She's Always skeptical of things being fake though. Actually. Well, this isn't like Santa Claus. This is good news that this is fake. Explain quickly what it is.


Yeah. Well, you, you know it better than I do because I Yeah. Well, But yeah. Ryan's roses, it's basically, It's Ryan Seacrest, Ryan Seacrest on Kiss fm. And it's a call in show where if a partner suspects, you know, that they're being cheated on, someone from Ryan's team will call that person and say, we have, we're a free florist company and we're giving out free flowers today. And would you like to give flowers to anyone? Meanwhile, they're being secretly recorded their partners on the other line listening in. They don't know that. And then sometimes they'll send flowers to the person that they're cheating with. Oh God. And then they catch 'em. And then like, their partner comes on is like, You, you, but that sounds horrific.


Yeah. But then, but then Sona, you come out with a bombshell that Was, it's, they were all actors that they It's fake. It's fake. It's, the whole thing is fake. And I would, when I was just hearing it for the first time, I thought it would kind of have to be fake because You are destroy. Well, you're destroying lives. No. We all believed it though. You should hear it. Should Really good. Should hear it. They were, yeah. They're really believable. Yeah. And then they would even cut out, like, they'd be like, oh, we lost them. Yes. You know, like, oh, they, they hung up. They, they realized they're recorded, But makes it more realistic. Yeah. Soup. That's right. Yeah. I'm just like, oh, we can't, we're trying to call 'em, we can't get 'em back. I just texted a deep source within Ryan's roses. You did? Okay. And I asked this person if it was fake, and hopefully by the time this interview is over, we'll have at least their denial, if not admission.


Okay. Okay. This is good. If he Responds and he's like, who is this? Yeah. I'll Say, this is Ryan. Yeah. It's What we've been doing. Maybe he doesn't know. Yeah. He could be Nixon innocent. Oh, wow. I said this too, when I, you Could do it on this, but do it for real. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. That could be a new segment. Show cheating Anyone's chocolates. Coco Chocolate. Coco's chocolate. Coco Coco. Hey, Conan here from Team Coco. And well, I send free chocolates to people. Who should I send them to? Is that your wife? It isn't. Is that how it goes? No, it's not. It's, he has another bird. She calls the guy or girl.


And she'll be like, Hey, you've been selected for, to send a free bouquet of roses to, to anybody you want. See who do you wanna send them to? So it's, it's like you've been punked, you know, but you've been caught cheating. Yeah. Here's the thing, I'm terrified of pranks when people say, oh, what's play a prank? And we're gonna play a prank on someone. People have assumed, because I'm in comedy, that I would love a prank. I hate a prank. Mm. Because they always think someone's gonna get hurt. Yeah. I'm, I'm that way. Their feelings are gonna get hurt or they're gonna be physically hurt. Like, oh, it's really funny. They're gonna open the box and this thing's gonna spring out. And I immediately go to, it's gonna detach a cornea. Someone's gonna get hurt. Yeah. Well, 'cause you hear those things and then it's like, oh, it was all just for, you know. Yeah. A laugh. And then it's like, they're dead.


They're Dead. Wait a minute. I wasn't allowed. I, I don't think you should be pulling pranks. L pranks are always like, yeah. And then it's a bomb. No, no. LL Yeah. But it's funny. 'cause who would expect a bomb? L But no, no, we weren't really allowed. Like my sister And I like pranking. We weren't a pranking household. No. It's too Dangerous. Yeah. That's what my mom was like, like, no, no. Prank. You know what, let's, about your childhood, because you grew up in Conyers, Georgia. Yes. And it blew my mind because I realized today that that is the birthplace of Mr. Jack McBrayer, who plays Kenneth Page. Yeah.


Kenneth Page Rock on 30 Rock. Oh, is from Conyers, Georgia. Oh, Oh, yes. But I know him. He Oh yeah. You know him real well. I Know. I think it's, Wow. This is a terrible day for Jack Mcbe. I Know what I do. Jack Mahu. No, I actually from 31 who played Kenneth a, he I really do. I think he, he knows my aunt really well. And I think they went to school. Oh, That's so funny. He is a guy who would bother your aunt. I, wait, let, let me, lemme make sure, excuse me that I'm thinking mean this. Yeah, no, totally. And I've actually hooked out with him a lot of times. Yay. I just wanna, because He does know my aunt.


Yeah. Yeah. You don't know him. You don't know him from all of his film work. He's in Wreck Ralph. He's just not The, that I think like, you know, like, No, hey, trust Me, prayer. Like, oh, I know him real well. And I never think of him. I spent a whole day with him and have Exactly from there. So it's a small, small town. Like, You know him, but I, I constantly give him shit all the time about everything. And I'm, and when, whenever we're like, I had lunch with him not that long ago, right. Near his apartment. And we, I just love to, if we get on an elevator, I'll go Now don't be scared about this technology. I know. You don't have elevators in con years, Georgia. And he has such a thick accent. Yes. Oh my God. He sounds like a donkey.


And Oh my God. He does. He's like, YY God. Anyway, Jack Is just getting like offended left and right. No, we have this relationship where I've been doing nothing but abuse this man. Yeah. For like 20 odd years. My God. I've never had a real conversation with him in my life. But anyway. But he's The only other person, you know, that's from There. Yeah. Con Georgia and, yeah. Oh, which, what Did you got there? I have an update. And from this person, I will not name. Okay. That's okay. I Asked, is Ryan's roses fake? It is. Right. And the person said, depends on who is asking and what they would want to use this information for. Whoa. Well, we have our answer then.


There we have our answer. We have our answer. Okay. Like, cut that bit out. No, I know, right. Why? Why cut it out? We'll, See, they want, I'll see what they're continuing secret. And I don't wanna, in the world, I don't wanna jeopardize their standing. This is a friend. Okay. Okay. Sure. Yeah. This is the biggest secret. Well, you're the one that introduced this whole I know, I know. You know, you introduced this and now it's part of the podcast. I know. And, and you're, you're a terrible person. I did not introduce this. Well, you said I'll contact the guy. Oh. Anyway, any mention of Kanye, Georgia has to come out too. Oh. And also any mention of Al Fanning also, I never Met. I said it was A guy. Okay. Oh, good. Cover


Sony, you like to travel, you like to go away and have a good time, right? I do. I like taking the boys and Tack And I go somewhere. Yeah. For the holidays this year we're thinking about, you know, just taking a trip to, you know, lake Arrowhead for Okay. For a week or something, you know, just somewhere nearby Lake Arrowhead. That'd be beautiful. It would, yeah. And then it occurred to me recently what happens because you've got a lovely home. Yeah. You guys have a beautiful home. You've done a very nice restoration on it. Yeah. What happens to your home when you guys are away? It Just sits there. It just sits There. Go. It shouldn't, yeah, it shouldn't. I know. Think about it. If you host, okay. If you host with Airbnb while you're away, it's basically like you're getting paid to travel. Exactly. I mean, it's genius. I know. So don't leave money on the table the next time you're outta town. When you're away, your home could be an air B and b. Yeah. It's a cool idea. I know. Think about it. I will. And I've got good ideas. Your home, AKA, your future Airbnb might be worth more than you think. I think yours would be worth a lot. 'cause you guys did a beautiful job on it. Thank You. I hope so. Yeah. Find out how much your home's worth at Airbnb dot com slash host.


There's nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you. Check this out. That's nice. Whether you're going on a weekend getaway to the mountains, or let's say you're on a dream vacation, or in my case, a work trip to Thailand. It's just fantastic. Let me explain. It starts the moment you take off with free in-flight wifi so you can stream your favorite show on the go. I mean, that's incredible. That Is actually pretty sweet. I love that. I mean, that's insane. I'm always there with my credit card. You know, I can't figure it out. I lose the credit card. Yeah. The phone is stolen. Someone punches me. You start crying. I cry a lot when you land. T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands and an upgrade to Hilton Honors Silver. Mm. Plus you're covered with five gigabytes. Five gigabytes. That's more than four of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with the go 5G plus or next plans. These are just a few of the perks that feel like big wins when you travel with T-Mobile. And I, it's nice to stay connected to your family. I travel a lot. I do these travel shows and if I'm filming another country, I know I can get to my family right away. Yeah. They usually don't wanna speak to me, but they have to. They screen your calls a lot, don't they? I suspect them of screening. Yeah. Yes. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel today. Qualifying plan required wifi. Were available on select US Airlines registration and Hilton Honors membership required for Hilton Honors Silver terms and Conditions apply.


Hey, check this out. 50 years ago, Sona, listen to this. Supercuts invented the entire concept of a value salon. Yeah. Okay. It meant you could walk right in, no appointment needed. Hello. In the old days. Hello. Hello. Conan here. Can I get an appointment? No, this meant a special technique that ensured a great haircut and it meant a price point just right for the common man or woman. Yeah. Okay. Now I'm of course no common man. All right. Hmm. But as I understand it, Supercuts has now invented something else. Supercuts Rewards. Supercuts Rewards is the first ever National Salon a rewards program. You earn points for every dollar you spend. Those points can be redeemed for discounts at Supercuts. Or even it says drum roll, but no, no, no, no. That doesn't, what is that? This is ridiculous. It just sounds like a bunch of little children running across a drum anyway. You get a free haircut, it can mean that, you know, usually when someone says free haircut, I say, no, thank you. Yes. Do you know what I mean? But I think this is gonna be a good haircut if it's Supercuts, if it's cut my hair. Yeah. Supercuts rewards, that's a legit free haircut. Yeah. Start racking up Supercuts reward points at any of their 2000 locations, nationwide. 2000, or join today at Supercuts dot com. You get 50 points just for joining. So go ahead and get your butts back to Supercuts.


Where were we? Let's see. Con Georgia, we're back after having an off mic discussion. Sure. Yeah. We had a quick off mic discussion because someone here got us into legal jeopardy. Mad Gourley. That was my superlative In high school. Most legally dubious. Yeah. Yeah. I did something very recently where there was a child actor on set And I was playing a Santa Claus and there was a quick break and this woman came on the set, grabbed the child and took the child into another room and started teaching her algebra really quickly. Yeah. Like in between the shots.


Literally, you know, that was me, a co-sign. And then, you know this, but remember negative numbers and, And then we gotta Get back on set. And I, Negative numbers, negative numbers Pulled away. But, but that's what it was like. Right? It Really was. Yeah. Totally. Because I, I mean, I went to a regular school from fourth grade on and, and graduated senior year, whatever. But when I would work, I would like go and I'd had a studio teacher that would teach me things and it would be like, you'd be doing these like, really intense scenes, like be like crying and then going down to like a basement where they've like set up a little, you know, picnic table and two chairs and you're there and having to do your schoolwork.


Right. And then I also, because the school that I went to was pretty hard. Like I had to keep up with the schoolwork or like, I couldn't do Well that's good films, which I mean, I think was very important. But then I would be like staying up till like 3:00 AM like getting stuff done and like writing papers and like, I think now I'm like, how did I do that? No, But you think about Like, I had the energy to do that when I was little. And now when I'm doing a project, I'm like so exhausted at the end of the day. But it used to be that I would go home and have all this like, work to do and Right. Book reports. I'm like, how did I find the time? But It's just so funny for me to think of, you know, an actor at your level who's doing this intense work. Even as a, even as a kid, you're doing this intense work and then quickly take a break and you gotta go make a paper mache dinosaur.


Yeah. It's kind of nice. There's act. Yeah. There's something about it that is nice because you can just switch in and out of it and it's, I don't know, not that I'm not the type of actor anyways, that really stays in it in between. Like, I need to go do something else, or, you know. Right, right. But go to crafty and like laugh and relax and like, I don't really stay totally in it, but I think because when I was a kid, I was so used to switching in and out of it. Yeah. That, that's what I'm programmed to do it And helps. It's making, it's making me think. Now, wouldn't it be amazing if it was required of everyone, not just kids, but anyone during in between scenes had to learn stuff. So I'm just thinking of like, and Then you'd be quizzed on It later.


Yeah. But I'm thinking of like Al Pacino and Scarface, you know, and he's just doing This over the top, like my little friend. And then they're cut And he's in the next room and they're like, now remember the Kansas Nebraska Act in 1950? He's like, he's like, oh yeah, I got it. I think I got it. So, okay. So that's A great, a great skit actually. So everything north of the, everything north of the 50 degree latitude had to be Okay. Those are had to be Okay. A free state, but everything below. Okay. And back on six say, I think everyone has to do that. I like that. You know, it's hard for me to believe that you've never, you've never done a scene or you've never acted in a scene with your sister.


Like, you guys haven't done that yet. It's crazy. We've done, I think the closest thing was an animated, we were in my neighbor Totoro when they did the American, the English dubbing like version of that. And I was four and Dakota was eight, I guess. And we played sisters in that. But it was voiceover. It's not the same. Not the same at all. No, no. Are you Guys looking for something? Yes. Yes. And we have a production company that we are producing projects together. Is It Lou Luellen? Is that your project Company? Yeah. Lu Pictures. It's our, Did did Luellen do the great, Did you guys, were you a producer on the great? Yes. Yes. Wow. That's so producer on the Great. So That Good for you. Yeah. Really cool. And Louellen is our, she's was our family dog. She's passed away, but yeah, that's, we're honoring her.


But she, yeah, we have this and we're, you know, always looking at projects And then we had a couple projects that were like, oh, it's almost gonna work out that we were gonna do together. And there are still some ideas 'cause we have to make it happen. It's like, it's crazy that, you know what I'm gonna do? We're always looking for it. I'm gonna write the script. Great. Oh yeah. No, nice. And I don't think that's good. No, no, it's good. And I've never listen, first of all, never written a movie script, but I got It. And I You'll be the third sister. Yeah, I'll be the third. Yeah. I look like, I look like the Wendy's girl, sister, two checkoffs, three sisters. You know what I love? It'll be, yeah. It'll be you two and people will be like, this is great. This is F Ben Dingdong you, me in a big red wig.


Totally. Like checking out, looking into the camera lens, doing all the things you're not supposed to do. Yes. Totally. Unbelievable. Yeah. Yeah. Wearing heels. Six foot eight. Well, sisters. Well, I think that's very cool. You guys both have, 'cause I know fashion, you know, fashion's very important to you. Yes. And, and you seem like a very artistic type. I know you cook, I know you like to express yourself in different ways and you like fashion, you like to take risks. Yeah. I do not take fashion risks. Like You are wearing a cashmere hoodie under a blazer. Yes. Basically That is a risk. It's called the Larry David.


I think this is what he Well, that's a risk. Yeah. But It's like, it's a good color convo. Thank you. It's dark green with, with The Navy. I'm doing a benefit. It's very interesting. I'm doing a charitable thing tonight. Okay. So I'm usually dressed down for the podcast, but because I'm doing this charity thing tonight, I, I need to be dressed up a little bit. So this is me. I would say a but I don't take fashion risks. I mean, I don't Yeah. What I'm saying is I know that you'll really go for it sometimes. Yeah. Yeah. Which is cool. I don't think I have the guts to do that. I mean, I think I, I always like, growing up I was kind of allowed to like, put my outfits together and wear what I wanted to. I did a lot of like, thrifting and vintage shopping and stuff like that. So, and then it's like, I don't know, acting It also comes with this whole other area that's like this red carpet side, which is like, you know.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Which is weird. 'cause it's like, not everyone likes to do that just because you're in movies, it doesn't necessarily mean that you wanna like, get your picture taken all the time. Sure. But I think, I don't know, for me, maybe I was like, I do like this. Oh Yeah, I do. I do like the red carpet kind of artistic expression and getting to, it's like another character, you know? Yeah. The other thing, keeping up with those things, it Is so unfair. We'll be going someplace and will be seen, and my wife will be in the closet for an hour and she'll keep coming out and trying different things. And I just go in and put on a suit. I know. And, and, you know, and, and when my, I just put on a suit and people and everything is just like, yep, check.


You're fine. Yeah. And my wife will come in, she'll come out, she's in a beekeeper's outfit, then she goes back in, she comes out, she's, you know, she's wearing like a, you know, a, a lion costume. Costume fashion. Yeah. She's Trying fashion every time. Fur, Fur pants with like armored Flemish armored top. You know, she's trying all this crazy stuff. But, but I feel like it's so much, the pressure is so much different. Yeah, there is. There is. And there are some days you're just like, oh gosh. Like you're, you have to think so much about that stuff. But then, I don't know. Other times it's, it's very fun. But it's interesting with like, with movie like this, like certain press tours and stuff, you know, that it's gonna be, oh, you know what clothes you wear And like, that's a part of promoting films now.


Yes, I Know. Yeah. Like literally what clothes you wear. Well, let's talk about this because, And especially like Timothy Chalamet. Yeah. He's a fashionista himself. He is quite the fashionista. I just, I just was passed the television the other day and a commercial play. It was a a, a men's cologne ad that he, he's in, he Oh yeah. For Chanel. For Chanel. And he's like falling through the air wearing, And I just thought that should have been me. They are never coming to me. Oh no. Wow. Look, if we can't get Timmy Chalamet, we've got Conan O'Brien on the line. Martin Scorsese directed that ad. Oh, really? Actually, Well, let's get into it. Because a Complete Unknown, highly anticipated biopic about Bob Dylan.


And You are in this movie and You are playing, it's interesting. You're playing kind of a composite character. Yes. I mean, she, I play in the film, her name is Sylvie Russo. Yeah. But she's based on Suze Verlo. Yep. Who was Bob Dylan's girlfriend. And she's on the cover. Exactly. I mean, I know the iconic, one of the most iconic covers ever is for the FreeWheel in Bob Dylan, where he's walking down the street in Greenwich Village. Yes. He's with a woman who's like, sort of holding his arm and snuggling up against him. And that was his girlfriend at the time. Yes. And that's her. Yeah. So that's who you're playing. That Is. And it's really, honestly, it's really true to their relationship.


It's just her name is different. That's the only thing. And I think it was actually out of a request from Bob Dylan himself, because everyone else's name is what their name was. But Except for Timmy, who plays do villain. Yes. He's a folk, he's a folk singer. But everything's a little off. Exactly. He, he sings glowing in the wind stand lady stand, stand lady stand, stand, stand. Do not sit longs. You must stand, stand, stand. Well, first of all, I am so excited to see this film. And I would think, because also I am fascinated with that period.


We're talking 19 61, 60, 61, around that era in the village. And I've always thought clearly there are times in American, hi, not just American history in any, in all world history, there are times where there's a moment that happens in a city that's organic. It happens in a place, it happened in Seattle in the late eighties, early nineties with grunge. It happened in Liverpool in the late fifties and sixties. Something was going on in the village in the fifties. Stuff is percolating. Yeah. And Bob Dylan makes his way there from Hibbings, Minnesota Yep. And changes everything.


And so, I mean, and you guys are incredible actors. I'm, I'm cannot wait to see this movie. Yeah. It was so amazing to see. And I Yeah. 'cause it's pr it, yeah. Frank takes place from like 61 to 1965 of basically ending when he was at the Newport Folk Festival and goes electric for the first time and gets it, changes the course of music and gets boo music forever. Gets Yes. And I think he was, well he was called Judas. Yes. At that festival. What happened? I don't know if it was at that one. I don't, I know in our movie it is. 'cause we play, you know, we try to stay true of course, to what happened. But then at the same time, it is a film.


And James Mangold, who directed the movie, he wanted to take liberties as well, because it is a movie. And also Bob Dylan himself as a figure, he is so mysterious and he himself likes to play with what's true or not. You know, we don't necessarily know All that, all the truths with Him. First of all, I am, I have no time for people to sit and watch a biopic and say, hold on a second. I know that happened in October. I Know What, what they described in the film, it's November. 'cause they just had, you know, I think No. And there are those people. Yes, there are those people. But the point of a, of a, of film like this, an endeavor like this, in my opinion, is to capture the spirit and the energy of what was happening and transport you. It is not a visit to the IRS where you have all of your documents ready.


So the stuff that happens in, in entertainment that is so out there and so explicit and so crazy. And you realize that Bob Dylan basically just plugged in his guitar and played electric Yeah. At a folk festival. And someone in the crowd shouts Judas. Yes. Oh my God. Yes. Because I mean, it's so preposterous now and so laughable. But there are these famous stories of, he's playing in Pete Seeger's backstage with an axe trying to cut the electricity cable. Yes. They say that's so they say again. So they say, but you think about, oh, Pete rap hasn't shown up yet.


You know, like, like funk rap. I mean, there's all this stuff that's gonna blow your mind. You know, like he's still playing folk with an electric guitar. Exactly. And it just takes that kind of one person to be daring enough to change, you know, and step outside of the box. He risked. I mean, he, he risked, he disappointed his core fan base, which you're never supposed to do. Right. I've done it many times. I think I'm very brave, but I think I'm very brave. Yes. And I, if that could be the pull quote from this interview, what did Al say about the movie? Sh Well, Conan kept talking over her and he kept shouting, I'm very brave.


And don't sell yourself short. You've disappointed all of us as well. Well, I was calling, listen, You are my core fan. No, no. Oh man. But I would think, I Would think we're gonna host the Oscars. I know. Yeah, I know. That's, that's insane. I know, but they'll, I said I, that's Exciting. It's exciting. But I, I think they'll, after this interview, they'll revoke it. They'll say, Kona, Did you shout, I'm brave that El fanning. But, but I would think LI mean, I am, I was born in 63, so this is ancient history to me because I i, I wasn't connected to it in any way. But for you this might as well be 1861.


You know, it's, it's such a long time ago. But the style of that time is so iconic. Oh, completely. And I mean, not not just the music, but Yeah. Getting to, I would just think from a art production standpoint, like I'm, I really wanna see the movie and I'm looking forward to the performances and the story, but I'm also looking forward to the cars. Yes. The guitars, the, the clothing. Yeah. The look of things. Yeah. It's really shot with like, such authenticity. I mean, we shot in New York and also New Jersey because obviously a lot of those iconic New York streets now are very modernized, so. Right. We, we actually took, like in Hoboken kind of created like Cafe Wa and Yeah.


Yeah. West Village, you know, over there. Arianne Phillips did our costumes and she's just absolutely incredible. I think Timmy had like 70 outfit changes. 'cause it really goes from him like starting Robert Zimmerman to Bob Dylan. Like in we, you see him as someone from Minnesota who like literally just got off the bus and seeing New York for the first time. Yeah. So there's such an evolution that he takes That's cool. In the film. And I was a huge, I i i, it I saying this, it's like, oh gosh, I hear how I sound. But it honestly is true. But I was a huge Bob Dylan fan because Cameron Crow, I did, we bought a zoo with him when I was 13.


I think that's what I came on your show for the first time. But he introduced me to Bob Dylan And I became like a Bob Dylan nut. And I wasn't allowed to have posters on my room, but I had a corkboard. And on the corkboard, I had Bob Dylan up there, And I would write every day it, And I have, I have to find photos of this something, but in middle school I would write Bob Dylan on my hand right here in cursive every day. Wow. Like weird. But you know what, also, I don't know, that was, I Don't know why I also did that. I think I was like, I'm cool. You know, I like Bob Dylan. And in middle school I was like, you don't know who he is. You know? And I'm like, I do. But I did that And I, I really did. So I feel like I manifested like getting this part, it's kind of wild.


Well, you manifested it. Yeah. People, you manifested it. You're, You're And the good kids in school were like, what is that? Who is that? I'm like, you don't know. Wow. You sounded like an awful kid. I know, I know. I was just more like, oh, you know, I love that you don't do you? I wrote his name on my hand and you couldn't possibly know what kind of kid were you. Well, bye-bye now. Yes. Yeah. I, I, I know. But I was very excited about What's Also doing this. I was like, what? And they came to me. I was like, people Have dream boards where they're supposed to. Right. You're supposed vision boards.


Vision boards were supposed to, your hand was your vision board. That's right. I never, never Done that. You were just manifesting things. Never. Totally, totally. I mean, I, you know, they, I know this the movie they'd been trying to do for a while and with the strike and COVID and like Timothy's been training for it for like five years now. So he, he sang everything live. He did the guitar live and it was really kind of amazing, like hearing him for the first time. Like it was extraordinary. And we were in That's so funny when you said he tri been training really hard, I thought he went the Marvel route. Yeah. And so he shows up as this completely jacked and he just misunderstood. Bob Dylan just All right it up.


Exactly. V-shaped torso. Yeah. I'm all set to go. I put on a hundred And I put on 150 pounds of muscle. Well now we need to do your algebra. Come on. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So what, so I didn't realize, I didn't realize he did all of his own. He did. Yeah. Yeah. All of his own singing. I was in like an auditorium for the first time and hearing him sing, I think it was a hard re's gonna fall. He was singing that and all the background artists like in the auditorium were like, that's not him. Like he's lips singing. I was like, yes, it is. I like tapped him. I was like, I know it is. I know it's him. You're Always a know-it-all in all your stories. Yeah, I know. I'm like, that's horrible. I happen to know it's, and I've written, it's on my hand like the most Annoying person.


Like, well, it actually is. Oh no. We should have you get, we should have you just pop into the podcast every now and then and go, ah, it is, And I haven Was that out fanning or just pop through that little window? Wait, you have Conan O'Brien written on your hand currently? I'll Start, I'll start. I don dunno what that'll manifest, but you know. Yeah, Yeah. Oh, you don't wanna know being on the podcast a ninth time. That's so cool. I'm looking forward to, I'm really looking forward to seeing it. And you know, one of the things that fascinates me about Bob Dylan and always has is he was a shapeshifter, probably still is a shapeshifter.


Totally made shit up left and right. Yeah. So there's this famous introduction a couple of years before the incident where he plugged in, there's this famous incident where, where Bob Dylan's introduced by Pete Seeger at Folk Festival. And Pete's Secret says, you know, he tried to run away from home nine different times, but was caught and returned. And then finally he like jumped a train and came here and camped out with hobos. And here he is tonight. And he had, and they, everyone believed that it later turned out to be his, like, parents were like, well, good luck. Here's a, here's some money and don't forget to write, here's a cell phone. Yeah. Here's a credit. You know what? Whatever. He had made it up.


Yeah. And he just, he said he worked at, or that he like worked at a carnival. Yes. And yeah, he said whatever was part of the traveling circus, which I don't know if that's true. I don't, But, but I guess I think it's part of an American tradition where William Faulkner completely made up his past Ernest Hemingway made up stuff. Great artists invent themselves. I believe that. And they come up with all these stories. And I, I think Faulkner had everyone convinced that he had flown in the Royal Air Force and World War I, it's like, nope. Completely untrue. You know, he was like tending a furnace, you know, some, somewhere in like Tennessee or something. But that it's part of the creative process in a weird way.


Sometimes you hear it and you think, oh yeah, that's, that's a sociopath. But no, that was his, that was part of his process was inventing himself. Yeah, Definitely. And I think even like through his, I mean obviously his songs and he's like one of the greatest writers I think that we have. I mean, and it is interesting, like thinking about he didn't wanna kind of deal with the fuss of people judging him for his past. Yeah, sure. You know, like, he just was like, this is my work. I want you to judge Yeah. At face value. And I thought It was hilarious when he won, wasn't he won the Nobel Prize And I just love that he was annoyed. I don't wanna go, where do I have to go? And I get it, you know, just like annoyed by it all.


Yes. Which would not be anyone else's reaction to winning the Nobel Prize. Exactly. Didn't want the fuss. Yeah, I know. I never, I haven't met him. I was told, wait, Did you, I thought you did meet Bob Dylan. No, I did not. I was, I was told no, Timothy hasn't met him either. Jim has met him, James Mangold, but we have not met him. I was told that I was gonna have a rehearsal with Jim and Bob, Dylan And I, I got this email And I was like, oh my God. I was like, this is amazing. Like, I have to pick out what I'm gonna wear. I have like, I, what am I gonna say to him? What am I gonna ask? I'm like so excited. And I walk in the next day and it's Jim and Timmy. Oh no.


And I was like, oh, what Boo. I know. Who wants to meet Timothy? I know, I know. I was like, what a waste of time. I thought it was Bob. We were laughing. He in character the whole time Or something? No, I think it's just like, sometimes they do that on set. He's just being whimsical. Yeah. Okay. Well there's, you know, and, and you know, an assistant had like written it down Bob Dylan. Like, it was like bo both names like Bob Dylan, all caps bold in bold. So maybe I should have realized, I I've met him briefly. I've told you have, I've told it before, but just because you're here and it lines up perfectly. Yeah. I can do it really quickly. Backstage at a concert with my good friend and guitarist Jimmy Vivino in this sort of backstage area.


And then I'm pushed, like literally pushed into a room and there's a bunch of people there. And then suddenly I'm, because of the way people are moving in the room, suddenly I'm sort of spit out at the front of the room and there is Bob Dylan staring at me and I'm right in front of him and he's got the little tiny pencil mustache that he had during that phase where he is wearing the string ties. Yeah, yeah. And the little pencil mustache. And he looks at me and he goes, Hey, I know you from the tv. Whoa. And then just then I get interrupted by somebody who literally drags me out of my one conversation I'm gonna have with Bob Dylan and Bob Dylan. Like skidders away. Oh no. And that person was Al Gore.


Whoa. And I've always been pissed at Al Gore ever since because literally he went, Hey, I know. He said, I know you from the tv. And I'm about to go like, oh my god, Bob Dylan. And I'm just about to speak to him. And he is looking at me. When I hear Conan Conan, it's me, Al Gore, God no. Global Warming's a reality. It's an inconvenient truth. The earth is warming by three degrees every fi No. And, and I'd see Bob Dylan shrug and kinda walk away. Oh man, Did you know that? Geez. And that was it. That was it. But he knows you. He knows me from the tv. He didn't know my name. And, and it wasn't the tv it was the TV accent on the TI gotta get to Shala man and tell him That's how you pronounce tv.


Yeah, yeah. You should have told him. I I, I saw him at a concert right before we went at the Kings Road Theater in New, in New York. And I saw him And I actually, so sad. I had eaten a bad Turkey sandwich And I was like in the middle, like the concert. I'd never seen Bob Dylan live before. And I'm like, I knew I was doing the movie and Timothy was there and or there. And I just was like, oh no, I'm going to throw up. Oh boy. And so it was, I had to leave like halfway through. I, and actually I, so I ran out of the stadium and it's like a beautiful theater, like really kind of grand and gold. It's like, it's really pretty run out right next to the concession stand, like in the lobby.


And I, I can't make the bathroom just puke Turkey sandwich all in the carpet. Oh my God. And then I know, I was like, oh gosh. And I had, I had to leave And I went to the bathroom. And then when I came back, they had like a sad little like, cone over my throw up, you know, like, avoid this area. I was like, no, I have to get back to the concert. Oh, that's terrible. I must see. I know. So darn. What was the Turkey sandwich? It was not Bob that made Was the Turkey sandwich. Yeah, exactly. It was the Turkey Sandwich. Well, I don't even, I think you met Timmy Chalamet, but you don't even know it. I met him right before he blew up. I went and had ice cream with him. What we had, we went to ice cream after. Yeah. Yeah. Gosh. What was that like? Was he, what was he like? He was cool.


I mean, he was like a young kid. Yeah. I mean, you know, he, he was taught, he was, he at that point had already been an inter, was Interstellar the one with Matthew McConaughey? Yes. Yes. Yeah. He was in that movie already. Yes. But he had a small part in it. And, you know, I think everyone was like, you're gonna, you're gonna do great. Yeah. You'll be Great. And I remember and Then called me by Your name came out. Yeah. You sat him down, I think, and said, I, you know, look, you should try comedy because acting's not your thing. And, and, and you'll, you know, try comedy and maybe you could be like half a Conan O'Brien one day. Remember when you said that? I did. I did. I was like, I don't know, comedy seems like it would be a better fit for you than drama. And he's like, I'm gonna show these two people. Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


You made him, It's because of, Have you ever noticed Nature villain origin story? That's right. Yeah. Do you know what he has written on his hand? Conan is wrong. Well, I, you wrote that on my hand as I I've seen it. Yours is a little, your sin is fucking wrong. Yeah. I think we all do. I think all five of us. Something. I just said it tattooed. You know what's so nice? I was, I was breeding different interviews with you in preparation for chatting with you today. And you said something really interesting to me, which that you learned, you've learned different things from different people. You say that a big part of your education was working with Sophia Coppola. Like, so you've, you know, your education continued long after your, your formal education.


Yes. And I really believe in that. I really believe we learned so much. But you said that you learned manners from working with Kirsten Dun and Nicole Kidman. You are working with them and you learned manners. And I thought nobody talks about manners. And now I'm gonna sound like an old man, but I promise you I think it is a magic power. It's a magical thing to be well-mannered. Yeah. And You are exceptionally well-mannered. You're just a, you're, you're a very kind person. And I, I, I don't think people understand the superpower that that is. Yeah. Do you know what I mean? Totally. And and no one talks about it a lot. Oh yeah.


They don't talk about ma. Yeah. It's all about, well, you know, obviously you gotta have talent, but you also have to like, you gotta be tactical and you gotta do this. And I like, how about I swear to God just being nice. Being, being well-mannered. Being well-mannered and, and completely it's a, it's, and it, And I understand it's, maybe it's, I've always heard it's part of a southern thing. Like Jack is insanely well-mannered. Yeah. So anytime Jack McBrayer comes to my house two days later, I get a note, sir. It was an honor, you know, a feeling that's not what it, yeah. He doesn't say it was an honor, but he does, he does write. He says, it was lovely, it was an honor. Hanging out with your wife, everyone.


Like, there you go. Everyone likes Liza. And people tolerate me. But, but no, it's just like, that's such a nice thing. Yeah, it's true. I mean, I think, like, You must have learned a lot Just growing up, you know, from, I didn't go to like, acting class or anything, so it was just like being on set and around different personalities and different people and picking up on, you know, what people do. And I mean, honestly, it's like my mom. Yes. Like, you know, she would be on set with me or my grandmother And I would have, you know, write a note, get rap gifts for everyone. Like, I've just always done that. Even like small things about like putting at the end of the day, like your costume, like making sure that it's like hung up, that you hang it up at, in, in the trailer.


But that's, yes. 'cause then you hear, 'cause you hear people say like, they just throw and they're like, thank you so much for just hanging it up. It's like, well, it takes like a second to do that. You know? Like it's, and also Sometimes it makes you realize how other people are behaving. Right. Because I've had situations where I don't know, I'm doing something and I'll, I don't know, it'll be like a SiriusXM record in New York or something, and I'm headed out and I'll pass the person at like the front thing and I'll say, I'm gonna get coffee. Do you want any? And they go like, what? Yeah. What? And I'm thinking, I'm not giving you a kidney. Right. I'm saying, I'm getting a coffee. Would you like one too? And you realize, oh, it's such little things like that I know mean a lot to people.


I know. It just makes you feel better to, I don't know, to be, to be kind. I mean, it sounds so cliche and easy, but I don't, in this business it's like there's a lot of not nice people. Why'd you look at me? And by the way, I know that's a made up story about getting the coffee. Yeah. I was like, Did you really get coffee For, fuck that? No, I think you took the coffee from that person. I, you threw I took the security, I took her coffee And I said, thanks for the Java. Now go get your own. But You Are known, you a, you actually are known as like the nicest and the best. Well, that's Very sweet. You are. But, but Everyone says it and everyone thinks it. But Sona, you've seen the real me. I have seen the real you. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


I have, I have. It's coming out in a tell all You already wrote it real Conan, right? You wrote a book? Yeah, I did. I know that's right. I did did she wrote a New York Times bestseller. Did called World's Worst Assistant. Yes. She basically put it all out there. But it's basically the two of us acting like she did have a Little edge. We Mostly, mostly you read the book and it's a hilarious book, but you mostly just read the book and think both of these people are idiots who shouldn't be allowed to do anything. I Think I started writing it thinking it would be a takedown of you, but it was really just an indictment on me. Yeah. And how bad I was as your assistant. But having, being your assistant, I will say there's a difference you can see between people who will dismiss you and people who actually talk to you. Right.


I got that a lot. Right. Yeah. And it makes a really big difference. Yeah. Yeah. What do you mean people? It's Remembering people's names. You know, people. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like on set you do meet a lot of people. It's like assistant, like people can sometimes just be very rude to assistants because they're trying to get to you. And there's a lot of people who I had a really will Actually talk to You. And I had a really interesting thing happen to me. I've never forgotten it. Which is I was working on The Simpsons, I was a writer producer there. This is before I got the talk show. And I'm probably, I don't know, 26. I used to just wear like a t-shirt and kind of that, you know, that Red James Dean kind of iconic jacket with the flip up collar? Yeah. I had one of those. So I'm wearing like, that's just how I'm dressed and I'm wearing sneakers.


And I remembered I was gonna go meet my friend Suzanne Daniels, who was a big exec over on the Fox lot. I remember for some reason I had a package in my hand that was just my package. And I walked into this office And I said, yeah, I'm here for Suzanne Daniels. And this person behind the desk went, yeah, just put that down. Just leave it there. And I went, well actually. And they went, just put it down. Okay. Like, because I'm the delivery guy. Yeah. I kept trying to stall and the person was just, just looking through me like I didn't exist. Oh my God. And then of course Suzanne saw me went Conan, hey. Yeah. And this person, she was like, have you met Conan? He's a writer producer at The Simpsons and dah dah dah.


And he is gonna have a late night show in a year and a half, even though nobody knows that yet. And she Just knew, yeah, Suzanne Curly, he is a delivery boy. But anyway, I just saw in a moment, And then he is like, oh, I saw a status Completely shift arbitrarily. Because why does that make a difference? Yeah. And yeah, completely. Yeah. That executive was Jeff Ross. Oh no. I mean that, yeah. He was terrible to me. Oh, I'm sorry. When he was assistant. No, it doesn't make any sense. You made it. I know. It's, you really Messed that up. Face that up. Yeah. I got it wrong. But anyway. No. You know who the assistant was?


It was a very, very young Timothy shaman. Oh my God. Wow. Bring it around. My God. Yeah. I remember he was a fetus. It was like there was a fetus. A really good looking fetus. Yeah. Wearing like some kind of exotic cologne. They said like, just leave the package there. And I said, why do you have an umbilical cord? Just wave the, just leave it there and cue the wrap. Like the wrap. There we go. I got us out. Hey L everyone's gonna see this movie and I am just, it's, it's a Complete Unknown. It's you, Timothy Chalamet and Edward Norton, Edward Norton, mark Barbara.


And I can't wait to see it. But also, anytime you want to come in and just sit down and talk about anything, you're one of my favorite people. Ah, no, seriously. You feel I wanna pop in now. I wanna like, because the office is, it was, this is really nice with the kitchen and everything. Yeah. Yeah. Just don't go in there. That's our kitchen. Like, I've already have like pockets full of snacks. Okay, well I'll need you to empty your coat before you leave Snacks. Don't grow on trees. No Conan, they're nuts. They literally growing trees. You are an absolute delight. And I, as you know, I'm a massive fan of the great and, and watching you in that role walk this crazy tight rope of being near death experiences being assaulted, but being, but then being hilariously funny in the next scene.


I don't know how you do it. It's one of the best performances I've seen in a show ever. And it's one of my favorite shows. And then you just have this insane career and you're a, a delight. You're a delightful person. Thank you. So come back anytime. I will. And thanks for being here and sharing your energy with us. 'cause these guys are sucking the life out of me. God, I'm looking forward to the holiday party this year. We have a staff holiday party that is, And I'm gonna use, it's a new term that the kids use. You probably haven't heard it before. Off the hook. Oh. And yep.


Oh no. Yep. Just heard that on the street the other day. That's really old.


And I love our party. And one of the things I love about it's, we always elevate it with Miller Light. Oh, I like it when things taste like Miller time. I do. It's the taste you can depend on. No games, no gimmicks, millerites brewed for taste. It hits different than any other light beers. And here's the clue, right? You're thinking like, how do they do it? It's simple ingredients. Sometimes people are doing a beer and they're like, oh, that oregano. Hey, I have an idea. There's a spice I found. I found a spice in Middle Earth. No. It's so simple. Simple ingredients. Malted barley for rich, balanced toughy note flavors. And the iconic golden color. It's the original light beer since 1975 when Red Sox won the Penant. Right. And it's still the best one. We all get together. We're around the fire pit, we're having a good time. And we're coffin. We're drinking down those millerites glug glug glug glug. Yum, yum, yum, yum yum, yum yum. Making memories at year end gatherings with your staff. Whether it's Chaz Billington, Phil Rockingham, Stu Mullaney, Bix Chazen Hazer tastes like Miller time. Go to miller light.com/kona to find delivery options near you. Or you can pick up some Miller Lite pretty much anywhere they sell beer tastes like Miller Time. Celebrate responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories and 3.2 carbs per 12 ounces. Fewer calories and carbs than premium regular beer.


Hey, get ready to tackle the NFL action with FanDuel America's number one sports book. Yep. 'cause right now, new customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets if you win. Here's how it works. The FanDuel Sportsbook app gives you everything you need to place live bets on the NFL all in one place. When you get a hunch in the middle of the game, you can check out the latest stats. If you live play by, play so much more on the same page where you place your bets. I know this is your thing play. That's right. Detroit Lions man. First in the NFC North right now. They're doing great. Nine, one and zero. My God. Now you Feel like when you, when you place the bet or something, you got a little skin in the game, it probably raises your adrenaline a little bit when you're watching. That's Right. And I love the live play by play because I can't always be near a television when the game's going on. So I can follow along in the app. It's fantastic. Well, it's hard for you to be near a TV 'cause you're just a man of the world. You're always wandering around. You're like Johnny Appleseed. Wow. That's really nice. Thank You. Yeah. Except she did a positive thing by playing apple trees. I don dunno what you're doing anyway. Fair. You're just looking at your FanDuel screen. Anyway. Visit FanDuel dot com slash kona to joinin today. You'll get started with $150 in bonus bets if you win your first $5 bet. That's FanDuel dot com slash kona. Never waste a hunch. Make every moment more with FanDuel. An official sports book partner of the NFL 21 Plus and present in Virginia. First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued as non bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This message is brought to you by BetterHelp. You know what my favorite part of the holiday is? You light a fire. You know, you get that Christmas music plan or whatever holiday you prefer. Right. Could be any holiday. Like Any, it could be Valentine's Day. No, that doesn't make sense. Oh, specifically a Christmas. Okay. Sorry. I just was trying to include all different religions that happened around that time of year. Oh, that's what you were talking about. Yeah. You totally screwed up. Yeah. That's just, if you're listening to Valentine's Day music, I think something's wrong with you. Well anyway, there are lots of ways to get cozy During the holiday season. Whether it's a mug of cocoa or wrap it up in a blanket. There's another way too. Therapy therapy's a great way to bring yourself some comfort. That never goes away, even when the season changes. You know? And people I think sometimes forget that taking care of their mental health is a very important part of being good to yourself. Yeah. And the holidays are especially hard for Some people. They're, they're very tricky. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online. It's designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. You just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist. And then you switch therapists anytime you need to for any reason. For no additional charge. So think about this. You're taking care of a lot of people on the holidays. Take care of yourself. And if you wanna get cozy, remember self-care is one of the best ways to get cozy. Find comfort this December with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Conan today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/ Conan.


We thought we might initiate a series of staff reviews here at Good Idea Team Coco facilities. We're gonna start with your producer, longtime producer. Jeff Ross. Jeff Ross. Not to be confused with the Roastmaster General. Jeff Ross, the comedian. Jeff Ross has been my producer. We really started in late night together, What Is It, 31 years ago, Jeff? 93. April of 93. We met in April of 93. So someone do the math. I think it's 31. I don want to, I think it's been, I Don't feel you get a calculator. No, no. It's been 57 years. I don't care enough. Any who, you get the point. We've been together side by side on this crazy adventure through shell business and what we're doing, Jeff is thinking that maybe we just review people, talk to 'em about their work.


It's not gonna go well. No, no, no. It's going to go well. Of course it's going to go well. Jeff, you've been with me at the helm of this ship for a long, how long time? That's how we've been through. We've been through highs. We've been through lows. We've been through highs again. And then some more lows. Then Lots of lows, then a quick high, then years and years. No, it's been great. It's been great. We've had a great ride. But I think it's time for a, a brief catch up. Sure. Lately on your performance here at the show. Mm. Jeff, I'm just gonna come out and say it in all the time I've known you, you've worn glasses. Okay. This is where you're going. You've worn glasses the whole time. I've known you. True. Very recently. Yes. You had a surgical procedure which you needed to have.


Correct. This is non-elective. That's, it was a surgical procedure that you needed to have on your eyes. And while they were doing that surgery, they were like, Hey, we can correct your vision. At the same time. They kind of, that's the way it works. Yeah. That's the way it works. Yeah. So they corrected your vision And I didn't, you didn't first of all talk to any of us about this. You went ahead and had this surgery, which you had to have. What? Which you had to have, hold on. Why would he talk to me? Because I talked to Jeff about all the surgeries I have. That's true. We talked to each other about our Yeah. Our various Surgeries over the years. Yeah. When I was circumcised and then I went back and had it put back on. What? And then I was circumcised and then had it put back on again. I Tried to talk him about it both times. Yeah. You had it and you were just like, put it back. Yeah. I wanted it back. And they couldn't fi You gotta keep it. They couldn't. Well, I was holding it for A while. Here's the thing, I don't, Jeff had it for a while in his wallet.


The way high school kids keep a condom in their wallet. People were like, Jeff, you got a condom in your want? He's like, no, no, no. It's going sports kids. But thank you for keeping it. You're supposed to moisturize it. But he didn't. Oh. So anyway, Back on there, just like an old dry pig Here. Yeah. Well we went back and forth two times. 'cause I kept changing my mind. Now it's back on And I'm not convinced it's mine. But that's a whole other story. Anyway, that's not why we're having this review. Okay. The focus should not be on the crazy surgeries that I've had butchering my, my, my member. Maybe They should be. But Jeff, yes. You had this, you had this thing and you come in and suddenly you're not wearing glasses because you don't need to anymore because you have now 2020 vision.


And I need readers. You need readers. But most of the time you're walking around the office. I just went on, we shot a travel show together in a foreign land. We've, we traveled the world together and you're not wearing glasses. And you're, he's Jeff, you will agree. A very good looking man. Yes. You're a good looking guy. Thank you everybody. You, You are, you're, You are, you're a good looking man. I think you're out your, your whole listen, the whole time I've been with Jeff, people, women always nudge me like that Jeff Ross is a good looking guy. And I'm like, Hey, what am I chopped liver over here? But Jeff, make it about you. What's that? Yeah. What? Excuse me? I said, said, make it, excuse me. You, you make it about you. Yeah. I was born on make it about you mountain. Okay. So Jeff isn't wearing glasses now and he comes in and you walk around, you're not have glasses on.


Right. And I can't get used to it. And I'm not the only one. A couple of us, Eduardo, feel free to weigh in. Weird. It's weird. I can't get used to it. Well, and here's the thing. I can't get used to it. And you'll get to talk in just a second. Wait a minute. I'm not even sure that's true. I might just keep talking. Oh, this is a great Problem for you. True. A lot of us are having trouble adjusting. And the thing is, it's our problem because you've had a certain look for a long time, but, and then suddenly it changed and you look great, but I'm not used to it. Mm. What are we gonna do, Jess? Lemme Say two things. First of all, I'm not used to it either because still I wake up in the morning And I reach over to the bedside table. Actually it's on my left. Mm. And to reach for my glasses and they're not there.


Mm. And sometimes at night when I brush my teeth And I wash my face, I reach for my glasses and they're not there. What I might do, what I'm considering is what you did, which is get like progressive nothing up top and readers at the bottom. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. I have, I'm considering That. I don't mind wearing glasses. And I just decided I'll, yeah, I did the progressive thing. So my eyes without glasses are fine, but I don't like putting glasses on and off all the time. Yeah. This is a pain. And so I just wear glasses so that when I can pick up a book and read. And I have, I'm sorry, I have a Question. This is a staff review. Okay. All right. Okay. Let me get back to the review part of it.


Could I just do a segment of reviewing the staff reviews? Because I have A couple notes I'll do, but listen, But please, let's talk more about your progressive lenses. Well, I didn't put on that. That was Jeff who made the executive producer decision. You Asked me a question And I answered it to No, here's what I'm saying. I want you to immediately, this is a staff review. I want you to immediately start wearing glasses. I want you to wear them all the time. There you go. No, those are at the end of your nose. Now you look like grandma most well Look like this. Yeah. That Doesn't work. Okay. I want you, and if not, I'm gonna go do what you did. No, no, no. Let's not Get, because I, I do that a lot. Anyway. Let's Not get onto progressives again. 'cause that's a we Sonas told us that's a bad topic.


No, I had a thought. Go back to your four game. No, no, no. That's a separate episode. That's from my staffer way. Yeah. That's different kind of staffer review. And by the way, I could get it again. Yeah. So listen, Jeff, I had an idea, which is that you get a tattoo of glasses. Oh, on your eyes. You get glasses drawn on as if you fell asleep at a, at a fraternity. And instead of a, a penis on your cheek, it's just some really nice glasses. Tom Ford glasses. He Also do, only if we can go back to New Zealand to that place with the guy with the crazy tattoos on his arm and he does it. Oh, okay. You like that guy? You like the tattoos. Oh geez. What's that? Oh geez. I, I like to keep it secret where we're going, but Jeff I guess likes to just blab it out there. That New Zealand Wait, you thought was a, a secret 'cause everybody knew you were there.


Yeah, that's True. You know what? I'm think in a, A stadium full On social media. You know what? All I heard the whole time was in, in the van was Blake, how's socials doing? How's socials doing? Staff reviews. Staff Staff. Review. Review. Well, listen, I like the idea of no glasses. It's a whole new world. I just have to get used to it. But I want, I like things. I'm at a stage in my life. I'm no spring chicken where I like things to be the same. And so the other thought of that I had was get Jeff two monocle. Oh. And he puts one in each eye. Yeah. And you walk around with two monocle. Yeah. You know, Colonel c Clank had one, you get two I remember. And you weren't. And then we in one of the room. And then when you're in a meeting with me and you're surprised by something like Conan stole that much from the budget, your eyes widen and they both fall out.


That would be funny. One at a time maybe. Yeah. One and then the other at a time. Well, when Something's Quizzical or skeptical, one falls Out. Like one falls out. Yeah. But you meant to keep the other. Anyway, these are just ideas you should think about. I appreciate that. And that's weird for me too. Would you like to maybe quickly review me since you And I You are the only person that can, You are only one that has the authority. How am I doing Jeff? To you? You're doing great. We're still working. Wow. We're still Going. We're still going. We're still, you don't have any notes? I have a few notes. Sona, we can feed you A few notes. Sona, you don't have notes. I've been riding this gravy train for 30 years. Okay. Jeff, if you think I'm gonna start giving notes. Jeff is, you're crazy. Jeff's sitting on top of the caboose of the gravy train. Well, Jeff, other than the glasses and get that shit straightened away, I'll, I'll a plus all the way.


I like it. Keep doing what you're doing. Thank you. Well done. And I thought this was pretty painless. Yeah, Totally painless. All Right. Force skin on the table. Ugh, Come on. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick, talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista, and Brit Conn.


You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash Conan. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are


downloaded, This is Comedy Bang Bang, the podcast, the promo. And in 30 seconds, I'm gonna tell you why you should check out the show. I the host, Scott Ackerman. Have a lighthearted conversation with famous celebrities like John Ham, Allison Williams, Phoebe Bridgers, Bob Odin, Kirk, just to name a few things. Go a little off the rails when different eccentric characters drop by to be interviewed as well. Each week is a blend of conversations and character work from your favorite comedians, as well as some new hilarious voices. Comedy Bang Bang, the podcast. Listen, every Monday, wherever you get your podcasts,


Do you ever watch TV and think, wow, I'm really good at this. You are right with Rewards on Sling. Watching 30 minutes of TV daily gives you chances to win up to $10,000 in cash and other monthly prizes. Sign up for Sling or Stream for free with Sling free stream to get rewarded for watching tv. Sling lets you do that. Visit sling.com to learn more and get started. No purchase necessary for we Prohibited by law. Visit sling.com for more details.