
Man, holidays coming up. It gets pretty intense, doesn't it? It does. Very intense. During the holiday season, it feels like you're packing a lot into every second. Everything gets compressed. Pressure lot. It's stressful so much to do. That's why ADT spends all their seconds helping protect all of yours while you're out. The ADT Plus app gives you complete control over who has access to your home. Mm. With the Google Nest doorbell from ADT, you can know for sure if that's Santa or Aunt Mildred at the front door. See, I'd be suspicious 'cause I don't have an Aunt Mildred. It's Aunt Mildred. Thief. ADT has the largest number of companies owned 24 7 monitoring centers in the industry. when every second counts count on ADT. Visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT ASAP. Google and Google Nest doorbell are trademarks of Google. LLC


Fall here. Everyone's getting back from vacation headed Back to school. You know what that means? You bet you do. Hmm. Time to get into Bombas. Oh, okay. Amazingly comfortable socks, tees, and underwear. I love saying underwear that gives back with every purchase. They have the best socks for fall. They really do. You put those bombas on. You feel like your feet are being snuggled 24 7. I'm a purely bombas sock person. You are. And I. Love them. And, I, And I Am too. And every time we see each other, we high five each other and go. Bombas pals. Yeah. We high five with our feet. Yes. I broke my hip last time I did that. They, they, they really do have the best false socks. They aren't regular old false sock colors. They're actually playful. They're fun. They got a little style. Yeah, they do. Yeah. And the Marino wool socks are so cushy. They're like walking on pillows and I've walked on pillows. Oh yeah. 1997 to 19 eight. That's weird. So, ready to feel good and do good. Head over to bombas.com/kona and use code Kona for 20% off your first purchase. That's BOMB ass.com/ Conan. Code Conan at checkout.


Hi, my name is Eric Idle. And. I. Feel horny about being co I only laugh because I don't wanna cry. You're always cornering me at some party grinding up against me in front of your wife. That's The closest she gets to sex Back to school. Ring Bell Walking loose the fence. Friends.


Friends. Hey there. Welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. We're laughing already. And you know, when we can laugh, it means we're alive. And life is good, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Would you like to talk about what we were laughing about? No, absolutely not. Abso some things are meant for off mic. Yeah. Yeah. Some things are meant for not even off mic. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Listen, I'm happy to be here with you guys just had a lovely interaction with your family. Oh yeah. Mr. Gorley. My daughter lives here. Your beautiful wife. Your daughter. She's how old now? She's three. She's turned three. She's never to come here again. I understand. Without my permission. I understand. Yeah. No, she was Ha kids love it here because we have this nice office building.


Yeah. And. it has lots of candy and treats. Yeah. And yeah. I mean, Glen came with a mini mouse on a noose. Right. And there's a story Behind that. Okay. Yeah. That was a little disturbing. She had, she had mini mouse and Min Mouse looked like mini mouse was in bondage Your your beautiful daughter. Yes. And in, and some of it was kind of around the neck. And. it looked like it was Definitely Frontier. It looked like Frontier Justice for Mini Mouse. There's, there's an Explanation. The Sale witch trial. Yeah. Mini committed manslaughter. Oh, I see. Okay. So well then, then Penny and Minnie had to pay. No, we had to get, to get her to go on our bike. We had to tie Minnie onto the bike so that once Minnie was on there, Glen would go on the bike.


Okay. We don't tie Glen to the bike. She has a seat. Right. But, but if she doesn't, if she holds Minnie, Minnie will fall somewhere. So we had to tie mini of the bike seat. Okay. And we did it by hanging her by the neck till she be dead. Yeah. Yeah. It was disturbing. It was. Yeah. Because Minnie was lifeless and your daughter didn't seem to care. Shout out to the Disney company. Does Disney have any control over how they're, if once they've sold the doll they have no say over it? I Don't think so. You can, You can do whatever you want to it. Oh, wow. Normally Glen was a black hood. No. Oh, I, what What? No, just take it out for drinks. Oh no, I was it saying anything like that? Oh, I was saying you could like stab it or light it on fire.


We both goofy. Where Did you go drinks. What's wrong with taking goofy out for a, a drink and watch the game? It just You and Goofy. A stuffed goofy sitting in a bar. I would like to do that and see if anyone came over and said anything. They would probably not. Yeah. Wait, Do you treat him goofy like he's an actual person? Sure. Someone walks by and I'm like, Hey, goofy. You know What, What, what? Yeah. What? Don don't know what I'm wearing anymore. So Goofy. Just sits there with a full drink. And then do you try to surreptitiously drink it to seem like Goofy's drinking or what? Yes. Every now and then I drain a little bit of Goofy's drink. Oh my God. So that it looks like, and then I say, excuse me. Hello. Goofies Goofy's running a little low here.


Time for A re-up. And if there's a game playing, do you make him high five you? I go to High Five, but he just falls off Limply. He just falls off the couch. And then I go like, someone's had too much over here. Goofies. Do you see Goofy back up to his room? Or does he come to yours? Okay, now We're not getting into that. Now. You took it too far. Now I Did. you did. That was you. This is a classy I. do wanna bring up this reminded me that that one of my sisters, I forget, was not me. It was not me. I wanna say that. But we were really little. Well, it's clear to you now. Okay. Geez. Someone went in And I, I forget which sister it was. But someone went in there, cut off all the hair on like three of their dolls, and then wrote, carved their name backwards onto the skull, which is so, oh my God.


On the Forehead. Your sister's name or the name of the doll. I think it was the name of my sister. Backwards. And Are you kidding me? Yeah. And And. I. Remember that being, I don't remember who did it. I, it was not me. I swear it was not me. but I remembered seeing the results and thinking this is like, we're all really young at this point. And whoever did it just wrote the name backwards. What's the name? Ock. No, it was not Ock, but I. Just remember that being like a chilling, like, oh, this is a grizzly crime scene. Yes. But. it was Dolls. But the backwards thing is what's getting me That feels Very I a devil. Like, no, but I think it was because they were trying to spell their sister's name. Neil. And, and wrote it backwards.


'cause they were very young. Wait, so was someone writing someone else's name? Like a frame job? This was you? No, I didn't do this. I did lots of terrible things. Okay. Yeah. I did terrible, terrible things. Mostly to Justin And, I. Apologies. Justin. I've Told you this. Right. I would play. Yeah. Very complicated game. He just wanted to play cops and robbers. And I would immediately get lawyers involved. Yeah. I would say, well now we have to go see a lawyer. 'cause you drew your gun. He'd be like, I didn't even fire my gun. I went, you drew it. And in Massachusetts, count, you know, like in the, in the commonwealth of Massachusetts, And I would make him fill out papers. Insufferable Iterable, my god awful person. Like the absence of fun. No. And there was a big gap between us. So he was a very young kid. And I was in my late forties, but he's fine now.


They just released him. I get it. People Do weird, Weird things with dolls. I used to do weird things. Well, But yeah, just, it's a, it's a time of life when, when dolls, it can be a crime scene and it's acting things out in a safe way. Yeah. You know? Okay. I guess. Yeah. That's weird Though. Well, did your, your brother was a bully a little bit to you. Yeah. Danny used to beat me up a lot. And. I used to always think, Hey, I got a chance. And I Never did. I just, Danny's a strong Guy. Can, can't take Danny. No, you can't. No. He was a football player in high school and he used to, he was huge. And he would beat you Up. Well, now you're making me feel like I should try and fight. Danny. You would lose, he would beat you up badly. What if Okay. He would badly beat you Up. I could choose my moment. What if he doesn't see me coming?


I come up from behind like A sucker punch. Oh No. I've got, I'm holding something. I've got like a stick. What you, that's still like, you kind of a sucker punch. Yeah. But like you, he doesn't expect it. I Mean, I wouldn't use my real hands. My hands aren't very strong. Okay. So I would have like a big bag. Like a weapon. Weapon. Yeah. You would, you would probably win. But you, yeah. Okay. You'd be a bitch. But I don't care about that part. Okay. You see a scenario where I could take your brother Danny? Yeah. If he doesn't see you, Danny. Yeah. I got, suck it Danny. Oh, okay. Take it easy. Okay. Have we accomplished anything here with this opening? No. No. Nothing. This is awful. All we've managed to accomplish is we've killed five Minutes. Okay. And so It's time to start The show. I think we start the show. I sin.


I'm satisfied. Are you? Yes. Satisfied. With less the podcast rule. My guest today is a comedy legend. One of the members of the iconic comedy group, Monty Python. His new book, The Spamalot Diaries is out now. I can't even, there are no words. I am to say I'm honored is just dumb. 'cause it's a word. Way beyond honored. Mm. I am elevated, elevated, filled with light. Here with us today. Eric Ile. I could not be happier that you're here. You've been on the podcast before. You're one of my favorite human beings on earth.


I will say that without reservation, he hates a compliment. But as you know, I've been telling you for years and years and years in my, in my opinion, there's Python. And then the rest of us are just dicking around. So, I mean that and, and And I love. I wanna say this right up top, that you have brought this book in that I adore. It's called the Spamalot Diaries. And it's a joy, it's a real treat. And it's about the process. And that's one of the things that I adore about it. But first, let's talk about how much you admire me. I'm, I've allotted 40, I've allotted 40 minutes. Well, you know, you should know how I feel about I I've, I think you're Can't even don that.


Nothing. Nothing yet. Yeah. Yeah. I think you're one of the funnest people on the planet. Oh, that's insanity. We're not doing That. No, it is. I I went And that was a surprise to me. 'cause I thought you were hilarious. But then I saw you do standup at the Largo. Yeah. And you kill me. Oh, thank You so Much. And I. I've forgotten that. Obviously you've been doing standup for millions of years when you weren't around. Not really. but I had, I had, I had done, I never did classic standup, but I, when I'm in front of an audience, I'll try anything. And so Well, You are like me. You're shameless in front of an audience. I Am. Oh my God. You know. Oh my God. It's, But you are much funnier than me. And I. I, oh, Nope. But. anyway, let's make this about you. I'm cutting it off. I don't like this. This is about Eric Idol and one of You just invited me to say something nice about you.


Yeah. but I thought you'd take that up. You Guys really are horny For I thought you'd take that opportunity to shit on me. And you fucked it up. I've had one of, one of the best things that's happened to me in my adult life is getting to know Eric on a bunch of occasions. And then Eric I know you've moved since then. But you would have me to your home. Your lovely wife Tanya would be there. Your daughter Lily would be there. My wife, And, I. Eliza would go and you'd put together this salon of really funny, cool musical people. And, but one of the things that always grabbed my attention is I'd walk in the front door and there was a poster, And. it was from university. It's from 1963, I think It is.


From 1963. And it's from the Edinburgh Festival. Yeah, it's from the Edinburgh Festival. That's my first public performance. And It's you as a, as a, as a squeaky young lad. And it's a giant photo, I Think of a handsome young man. Know with the world ahead of him. You know. Okay. Squeaky might not be the right, I meant you were clean, squeaky clean, Probably. Yes. But it's, it's this poster from 1963. And it's, when you're getting started, this would be easily six years before Python. But you're just getting started. And I always looked at that. Every time you had me over, I would look at that poster and kind of time travel back to this other time when all of you guys were getting started and finding your way.


It's before you all found each other. And it's Magical. Well, that's not quite true. See, oddly That's True. You had worked together. Yeah. Quite by chance. I had already met John Cle, I'd already met Graham Chapman, who was at St. Bart's Hospital studying to become a fully qualified alcoholic. You know, I like a person who does their, really does their work. Puts the time in Yeah. Puts the Time in And I Met and Edinburgh, Terry Jones and Michael Pay. That's right. That's right. Who were doing the Oxford Review. So in 1963, we'd all met, you'd all met with the exception of Terry Gilliam. Right. Whom no one has yet met. You can meet him, but you still haven't met him.


Yeah. I would look at that and, and just think about, this is a document. This is a, you know, I'm a history buff and I'm also a comedy buff. And to look at that poster, it was always hard to lure me away from it because I just thought that's the year I was born. And I. Just want to, I wanted to put that in. Why? Just to accentuate that. But it's also the year of the Beatles. So It's the Yeah, it's the year. The Beatles in England. Not the, not the year of the Beatles in America. We think 64 But. it was 63 was Yeah. Yeah. Very much so. Yeah. At the Edinburgh Festival with the first time all, all the guys were playing all their records. And I once. All this about, what's all this about? So yeah. These, these guys with this weird hair that are living from Liverpool Absolutely.


Makes all noise. And then they came through Cambridge the year after and everybody changed. The whole world changed. They, we used to wear little old tweed jackets with leather pads. Yeah. Suddenly we were wearing Bele jackets and saying Yes. Who's your favorite Beetle? Yeah. You know, And it. So they, they actually did literally change the world after that Admir Festival. You, you know, it's funny, you can look at high college yearbooks and high school yearbooks from 1963. You could in this, in the United States, if you look at a high school yearbook from 1964, everyone's got buzz cuts and horn rim glasses, everybody. And they all look kind of the same. And then you look at the high school yearbook from 1965, there's still the occasional guy with a crew cut who just can't get the message.


But everybody else has that hair. It changed everything. But we'll talk about The Beatles another time. I wanna talk about the Rolling Stones. The Rolling Stones. They took the blues, which is deceptively simple form, and they transformed it. I, I have A theory issue that, that that python, because this was all rock and roll, came in just in no shows. And everybody's, the band used to be in the pit. And then they came up on the stage, put on tight trousers, started to play loud music, and all the girls chased them. Yeah. And the comedians had to wait in the wings for a while. Yeah. But my theory is that Monty Python became the first mock and roll group.


Yes. Because we did stadiums. We ended up playing the Hollywood Bowl. We did O2. We were, we were the first ones. And, and, and the second was of course, Saturday Night Live. Yeah. 'cause they had all the, they brought rock and roll into it. Yeah. So the comedians were all fighting back then. And It, it was, it's funny you say that because, and then I, yeah. I guess that'd be third in that line. Oh, wait, what? I, I came along and people were like, you know, women were like, I gotta fuck that guy. No, no. They're just saying Fuck that guy. Oh yeah. Oh. Oh. I misheard it. Yeah. I misheard it. The now you're right. Okay. I gotta get the hearing checked.


but you know what? On The, no. When I first did SNL, the first time I did it, my first guest was Joe Cocker. And Belushi came on and mocked him. So that was actually really mock and roll. But you, this is an interesting trajectory because your good dear departed friend, George Harrison famously said he felt the Beatles break up, sort of, I think technically in 69 at beginning of 1970. That's right. When Python is hitting the air. And George Harrison said he really felt the spirit of the Beatles was passed on and went into Python.


And I, thought Did. you guys ever talk about that? Did you talk about that with George w We talked about almost everything. 'cause we, when we met, we just talked all night. And we just talked and talked for about two or three weeks. But you were like, what was it like being in your group? What was your group like? You know? Yeah. Yeah. What was your John like? but I, I think that the, the secret of it was that America, George, John, Everyone's gotta have a John. But what was America, what happened in America was when the, when the Beatles first arrived in America, what made everybody love them was they were funny. Yes. Yeah. And there was this guy called Ringo with a big nose, a funny name, the funny haircuts. And everybody knew Ringo first. Yeah. That's the first name.


They knew But. it was their humor at the airport conference that broke them in America. I'm, I'm convinced of it. Yeah. And so, in a way, they were just as funny as, as we were. They, they just were were all Liverpool comedians. Really? Yeah. Yeah. But they, you know, they went the wrong way. They Went the wrong way and Got, they went on the dark side. They wasted their time in music when they Really Could have been a standup, a sketch troop. Yeah. They really could have been a sketch troop. And it's sad when people take the wrong turn. But whatcha gonna do what I really wanted to start with, because sometimes people bring their, their project along. And I think, okay, we'll get to that.


The thing that's special about the spam Aott Diaries is when you were putting spam aott together, and this is 2004, 2003, 2004, you kept a diary of the entire process of putting it together. You then set the diary aside, And I, remember going to your house when you and Tanya were packing it up to leave, to move to, to a different house. And you were packing everything up in that process. You find the diary that you had forgotten. I had completely forgotten I'd written it. I completely forgotten. I'd kept it. And I read it. And I gave it to actually puddles, you know, puddles his wife to read. And she said, this is great.


Right. And I And I gave it to my wife. And she said, oh, this is fantastic. Because what's interesting about a diary is You don dunno what's gonna happen. You don't know it's going to be that thing and it's gonna be successful And it. So it's, it is full of anxieties and our arguments and Ros and, and it's the process. Yes. This Is what I love think saying about it. It's a process, not a miracle. There's this misconception, and maybe it's, it's a appropriate, it should be this way. People love to think they're gonna come in and they see something miraculous and that it just happened. And maybe that's the way an audience should look at it. But what's amazing is you read through this diary, because I think, well, oh yeah. Spam a lot.


Massive hit sold out forever. So of course it just happened. You read this and you, you see how much work anxiety rewrites and the creative wrestling between you and the director, Mike Nichols, the famous Mike Nichols. You have emails in here, you have notes back and forth. There's disagreements with other, you know, or sometimes friction with other pythons. And you're, you're just like, job, you're just going ahead trying to make this thing happen. And I think that's what's interesting. 'cause I I, and I'd forgotten about it. I, I was just writing at the every few days what I was feeling.


Right. And, and so it just comes up with a direct form of honesty. And I kept in the rows. 'cause I thought, no, no, people mustn't believe that the artistic process is just, we all have a cup of tea and we'll, we'll make this thing right. There are conflicts. People need to be angry. We used to row in Python about what sort of chair it should be. That's not a funny chair. This is a funny chair. Right, right. No, no. This is a funny chair. You know, so I, I think those, those were important. And so I kept in particularly Thera Rao early on with Mike, because I thought it was very important for people to understand that you must maintain your vision of something if you are a writer and you're doing a play.


And the director doesn't have every say. Yeah. And fortunately for us, we'd been friends for 15 years. You and Mike Nichols had Met Mike And I. We'd just been pals We'd been on holidays. We'd had the best of times been to the theater, been to places all overseas, and we had never had a cross word. And then suddenly we're working together. And it's a completely different relationship, obviously. Yes. Now you are the real, you are that person. He's that person. And I. I, I thought, well, I'm gonna leave that because I think it's important to know that people establish who they are and then they can move forward. I guess the part that is most fascinating to me is the statement that one of the themes that comes through in the Spamalot Diaries, and this applies not just to aot, but to Python, And I think just to comedy and, and all work, is that fighting arguing is an essential part of the process.


Turmoil anxiety is part of the process. And I cannot tell you how many, when someone tells me, oh, I love to write. I just love writing. I think you must be a terrible writer. Because I don't under, that's not my, my process. And my wife is a very good writer, and she will tell me, oh, I'm just, I'm, I hate it. It's miserable. And I'll say, write. Exactly. Yes. That's what it is. That's, you know, keep going. But that's what It is. I think if you're content with what you're writing and not very good. I I I, and almost all great writers, you know, I think Graham Green said he'd written one or two sentences. He was quite proud of Yeah.


Sentences. Yeah. You know, I think, I think all writing is like that because you're trying to capture flies in aspect. You, I mean, you're, it's, it's really a very difficult thing. You're doing it, you're putting down life Yep. In this code 26 letter code. Yeah. How does that possibly even work? Yeah. And you and how some people have the gift of making you just read any sentence about anything and you just pick up a book and you just read them all the way through. Yeah. Because of the way they write. I find that fascinating. But, Well, it's, it's also, I read a biography recently. There's a wonderful biography of Mike Nichols. And you find out, I mean, his childhood, in his experience, re fleeing Nazi Germany, coming to America re kind of remaking himself.


He had famously had alopecia. He lost all of his hair, all the having to wear a wig, Not speaking English. Not speaking English. And he completely remade himself into the coolest, smartest, most urbane guy doing comedy along with Elaine May the, for the sheer, not just talent, but will to, and, and the amount of struggle and pain you have to go through to remake yourself as Mike Nichols into that. And then I think you, we've talked about it before in the previous podcast, and you've, you've been very open about it. You had, you have a very difficult childhood in many ways. Yes. Yes.


I think that's an advantage in our heart, I think. But my, nobody had as more difficult childhood as Mike And it for me. There's a new book about the making of Virginia Wolf, and which he's in and I'm amazed it's his first film. Yeah. And he's standing up to Harry Warner Yeah. And saying, no, it's going to be in black and white. Who's afraid of Virginia Wolf. He, he wanted to shoot it in black and white. He's got the two biggest stars on earth. Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor. And he's a young punk who's never directed anything in his life. And he's telling the biggest man in show business to fuck off.


And so the ball's on that guy and absolutely incredible. Unbelievable. But, and it's, but it's based on some kind of his perception of what should be Yeah. Was really, was really pure. Right. If Mike said something, And it, you it wasn't quite right. You go, oh, it's not quite right. I, I never had any doubt that some, you know, sometimes he would, he was, he was the most fabulous friend of hell. He didn't write, but he wrote with you in a sense that he, he'd say, well, we, we need somebody to say, say this. And I, And I say this said me. And then you, you know, and he would encourage it out of you so that you wrote better always with him. Well, there's a line in the Spamalot Diaries, you would, and Mike Nichols, there's a lot of correspondence back and forth between you two.


And at one point, Mike Nichols writes you and he says, I've given, I've been thinking a lot about you, Eric, and your childhood. And he's talking about what he, he acknowledges that he had a crazy, insane childhood. But he's talking about how your childhood was so difficult. And he said, this line that really stuck with me, which is, I guess we all inoculate ourselves against our own childhood. And that really stuck with me. That whatever happens to us individually, and this in close to anyone listening, it happens to you. You tend to dismiss it. Like, well, no, I I was fine. Oh my God. What this other person went through. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yes. And, and, and when Mike Nichols says that line, he said, Hey, because you are so good.


I don't know how much of it is being English and how much of it is your own character as Eric Ile your own personality. but I could just see how you have a stiff upper, upper lip. You could be very dismissive of any kind of pain in your life. I'm fine. Oh, this poor other person. But how much is that? How much of that is English? How much of that is you? And you're gonna be charged for therapy when this is all I know. I mean, I, I think you learn empathy. I mean, you start by being an egotistical shit by going into show business. Look at me, I'm in show business. Yeah. And then you can behave very badly. And I learned from lots of very good people.


Like Robin Williams taught me how to be nice to fans. I would just tell 'em to fuck off and they would laugh and go away, you know? But that was good enough for them because oh, he taught me to fuck off. I just was told to fuck up by Eric Ile. And that became a thing. And then I thought you, and then I watched Robin and, and his empathy and remembering that this is somebody's moment in their life and it's a big moment in their life. Yeah. 'cause they've, they've waited. They love you. They want this moment. So if you are a shit or dismissive it, it, it, it's, it's an, it's a nasty memory. So what I always do is I always say, well, I'm Eric and And I get their name.


Yes. And then you are on a one-to-one human ba basis Yeah. With them. Yeah. And you are not some kind of God and they're not some object fan. So I, I I, I try and And I think, I think that works in all sorts of situations where you remind people that they're people. Yeah. And we're just here at this moment.


Sona when you take a big trip Yeah. With the family. And I know that you love to travel and your kids are getting old enough now where they like to travel too. Yeah, That's true. Who looks after the house? That's The thing. Nobody. Yeah. And so I've actually been toying with the idea of maybe, you know, putting my house up on Airbnb, making some extra cash, having someone there. It's Like you're hosting people. Exactly. It's like you're getting paid to travel. You can use the money Yeah. That you get from putting your house up on Airbnb. Right. To help finance your trip. Exactly. And you know what? There's people there that are looking after my relics. You have a lot of people don't know this, but Sona has a lot of ancient Greek relics. Etruscan relics. Yes, exactly. You have a lot of sculpture from the Assyrian Empire. Sona has billions and billions of dollars worth of ancient Yeah. Ancient artifacts that have never even been looked at by archeologists. They Should all be in a museum. They Really should be. Yeah. But it's nice when you're, when you're away, your home could be an Airbnb. And that's something to keep in mind. Yeah. So your home, aka your future Airbnb might be worth more than you think. Find out how much at airbnb.com/host.


There's nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you. Check this out. That's nice. Whether you're going on a weekend getaway to the mountains, or let's say you're on a dream vacation, or in my case, a work trip to Thailand. It's just fantastic. Let me explain. It starts the moment you take off with free in-flight wifi. So you can stream your favorite show on the go. I mean, that's incredible. That Is actually pretty Sweet. I love that. I mean, that's insane. I'm always there with my credit card, you know, know I can't figure it out. I lose the credit card. Yeah. The phone is stolen. Someone punches me. You start crying. I cry a lot when you land T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands and an upgrade to Hilton Honors Silver. Mm. Plus you're covered with five gigabytes. Five gigabytes. That's more than four of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with the go 5G plus or next plans. These are just a few of the perks that feel like big wins when you travel with T-Mobile And. it, it's nice to stay connected to your family. I travel a lot, I do these travel shows. And if I'm filming another country, I know I can get to my family right away. Yeah. They usually don't wanna speak to me. But they have to. They Screen your calls a lot, don't They? I suspect them of screening. Yes. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel today. Qualifying plan required wifi where available on select US Airlines registration and Hilton Honors membership required for Hilton Honors Silver terms and conditions apply


as a B2B marketer. You know how noisy the ad space can be don't ya? So Many ads Yep. Are all over the place. Yeah. If your message isn't targeted to the right audience, it just disappears into all that noise. Yeah. It's like dropping a coin down a fountain. You never hear that. Splash Down a fountain or a well shut up. Okay. With LinkedIn ads, you can precisely reach the professionals who are more likely to find your ad relevant. I Wish, someone would find me relevant. Oh. With LinkedIn's targeting capabilities, you can reach them by job title, industry company, and more you'll have direct access to and building relationships with decision makers. A billion members that's lot. 130 million senior level executives, 10 million C level executives. Stand out with LinkedIn ads and start converting your B2B business into high quality leads today. They'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. And go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco to claim your credit. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions apply LinkedIn the place to be.dot two B.


It is funny you mentioned Robin, because I didn't realize how close you guys were. You guys were very close. And I was lucky enough to have some great interactions with Robin Williams before he passed. One of the most memorable examples to me of his kindness is when I went through my whole Tonight Show debacle and finally I'm, the show is done. And I don't know if I have a career anymore or what am I gonna do next. You remember this, this part very well, Sona. 'cause Sona was with me during all that. And I'm lying on the floor in the living room of my house and my phone rings And I, pick it up. And it's Robin Williams. I don't even know how he got my phone number. And I'll never forget, he goes like, how you holding up Chief And I said, oh Robin, thanks so much for calling.


And he said, you know, listen, you know you're gonna be fine. You're gonna be great. I know you like to ride bikes. 'cause he was really into bicycling. And he said, I know you like riding bikes. Go down to this, the bike shop down in Santa Monica. I want you to go down there and I've set up a bike for you. And I said what? And he said, no, no, no, just, just head on down there and so, and ride around. You'll feel better. And I went down And, it was a Ana, which is a very nice bike. And he said, I told him to paint it in all these crazy Irish colors. And I, get down there and it's the most, it's the ugliest. I mean, it was just, you know, greens and And, it shamrocks and everything.


And I couldn't believe. And he was like, oh, you're gonna like that bike chief. Don't worry about it. And, I just thought I, And I thanked him many, many times. I just couldn't believe that he was thinking about me. You know how we are in life. Yeah. But that's how he was. You think about someone, oh, that's too bad. What happened to him? Oh, whatever. Anyway, I'm gonna go get a sandwich. No, no. He reached out. He thought, what might please you? He went and got to a shop and chose, I mean, he would put a lot of effort into making you feel better. Which I thought that's very, very Robin. Yeah. That's fantastically typical Robin. And that generosity and kindness is a, is something with combined with the wit on the man is is a not an a common combination.


Yeah. You know, I don't think Dr. Johnson was busy sending people maybe might have done but I, I think. Yeah. I mean, he Had Boswell Do it. He had Boswell Boswell Send that fucker a bike. There's so much in the book that I wanna make sure I weave in because you can't on so many themes I love, as you're approaching the premiere, of course, now we all know how the story turns out. But when you're reading through the book, you, it is very much what you say. You're reading these texts, these messages, these diary entries day by day you don't know what's gonna happen. And you can feel the anxiety, you can feel the self-loathing. You can feel the gloom. And at one point you say, I think the English, there's an English tendency to prefer failure.


And I thought That is so fantastic. Because in a strange way, I understand how failure can feel more comfortable and a big hit. It's the tall Poppy syndrome, which is very Irish, it's very United Kingdom. It's what do you do with a big hit? And everywhere you went, people were congratulating you and you, you are uneasy with it. I wasn't used to it, but also I didn't quite expect it. And it's, it takes a while to know what to do with that. Right. Because you're still trying to understand, have we fixed it? Is it, did it really work? And Mike would always keep on making it better and better. He cut little bits and, and keep improving it.


But, but I think there is a thing in England that that that failure is a, is a, is a noble and a wonderful thing. And if you look at like dunk Kirk and some of their great victories Yeah. The English ran away quite a lot. Which is often a wise choice. Maybe a good choice if, If the English don't run away in 1940, They don they are not there to fight Hitler in 1942. So Yeah. No, I mean I I I think there are many reasons for it. But, but also I think the tall poppy, which is what the Australians also call it, it, it is also that when you're on a small island, people are envious of people's success.


And so it's people trying to either play it down a bit or Oh yeah, I did happen to climb Everest last week, but I'm, I'm also working on some Natin thesis. You know, I mean people, they, they tend to try and diminish Yes, it's, it's not a America's great because says, look, you, let's, let's all try and be successful. Yeah. That's the, that's the starting point. Right. And it's fine. Yeah. Well, in England, if you've been successful and you got a car, people will scrape the car with their knives, you know, as they go by, you bastar it. Whereas in America, the reaction would be, one day I'll have one of those And I think it's completely different attitude. This is something Bono said, bono said that, you know, in America, if you see a house on a hill and you walk by and you see a mansion on a hill, you think someday I'm gonna have that mansion.


He said, in Ireland, if you see a big mansion on a hill, you think I'm gonna burn that fucker down. Yeah, I understand that. I don't want it for myself. I just don't want that asshole to have it. It's funny because this leads into my next question, which is that you bring up that you had this realization at one point that the holy grail, which is spam aott, the, you know, that, that it's really about Python and the members of Python. And when, and this resonated with me right now because all you do, you just said it right now, is, you know, there's this tendency to wanna run away all throughout Holy grail.


One of the res Sir Robin is able to, his only strategy is to run away, run away, run away. And I've, you know, I've always, well now King Arthur says run away. Yeah. No, he's a command. Yeah, it's a command. Yes. Yes. Robin does. You're quite Happy. Robin denies he's running away. Yeah, yeah. He was pissing off and buggering off. No, no, no, I'm not. Jay was saying, you know Robin. Yeah, yeah. But, but you talk about, and you go through and you talk about the different members of Python and how they kind of fit their role in the Holy Grail, whether it was intentional or not. I, because I had to, I had to bring, I mean, there were 98 characters in the Holy Grail. Yeah.


So I put that on stage. So what I did was I collapsed as many as I could of the characters played by Michael Palin into one character or aspects of that character. And the same with me, and the same with Lancelot, John Cle, you know, so that, so that then when you do that, you do find more of, of, of Michael who's always like, you know, who's, he really wants a bit of temptation, but he, he better hadn't, you know. No, no, I gotta go, I gotta go. No. Yeah. One of my being rescued from all the, From all the girl, all the Girls who were horny. Oh. Oh. And you could tell he's, yeah, it's, so He made two films about that too.


Yes. Yeah. Of of his own. Which yeah, that's basically the same theme. He, he, he is probably, perhaps not No, Ben, I'm not now. And And I think it's very significant about Michael. Oh, I, it's so funny because I relate to both your character. I, I I relate to running away and, you know, oh, there's some temptation. Oh, well I I should probably go watch my cholesterol. I'll just be over here. but I'm gonna think about it a lot and I'm gonna hate myself a little bit. But yeah, you go through, it's, it's very convincing that whether it was intentional or not, I think that often writing reveals yourself.


Yeah. I mean, I think good writing is it definitely all about yourself in some really bizarre way. And, and, and if you, when you're adapting something, a piece of work, it's very nice to come across themes that are just in there. There's one scene when Michael is being led away from Castle Anthrax, you know, and Ccle is getting him out. Come on, let's go. He said, no. Can I have a bit of temptation? No, no, no, Don't Worry. No temptation at all. No temp. And just as silly frame you hear Michael say, oh, I bet you are gay. And we use that for a whole scene. Yeah. Where lunch alot whole rage and anger is explained by the fact he's repre, you know, he really is.


He's repressing something. Yeah. He's repressing it all. And out he comes and he dances the song King. His name is lunch a lot. He likes to dance a lot. There's a huge Peter Allen number, And I. I find that that's really the most exciting thing about adapting work, is finding little things in there which will make it work on stage. Because, 'cause Mike and, and Casey, there, there was a whole scene. We, we kept trying to write the spanking song. And, you know, because the, the girls say, oh, spanking, spanking tonight, and we keep writing a spanking, spanking, there's going to be a, and they said, no, no, no. And they would not have it. So the way out was this, just this hint in the, in the script, which I improvised And.


it was just, it was fabulous to find, 'cause it, it, it makes Lance Lott's character very much more, he's not just angry. He's angry 'cause he had an angry father and he stands up for Herbert and saying, yeah, this man is your son. And he comes up with the most wonderful, like it could be Arthur Miller. Yeah. He comes out and, and and stands up for him. And it. And it's a very nice dramatic twist in Act two, which don don't, like You said, in Python, there were disagreements. I I know, in my comedy career, I, I just, just became with all my different collaborators and creative partners, arguments and fights. And you'd come down to, if someone else was listening to it, you'd think you were insane.


You talked about how you'd all argue in Python about, is this the right chair? No, this isn't the right chair. Or no, the dead parrot should look like this. It shouldn't be look like that. 'cause that's not funny. But this is And I remembered Robert Smigel, you know, one of the just genius people. I've, I've been fortunate to work with her over the years. I remembered once us going back and forth arguing about something forever, and this is maybe 30 years ago, And I said, no, But, it got a big laugh. And he went, yes, but that's not the kind of laugh we want. At that point, And I was thinking it's a goddamn laugh. What do you mean? It's not the laugh we want at that point. but I also understand what he's saying, you know, and so, but anyone else listening outside the door would think these two idiots, what is their problem?


but I think that is the common thread just in this process. If I think if you're trying to do it right, which is, I I think it's a fascinating process. Yeah. And I, I've, I I I always had some very good mentors. We used to write for jokes for David Frost and I know Barry Barran vo for people who taught me how to be, you know, what to do and how the ropes, and then you become, you find your own com compar, you know, companions who, who then become argumentative. It's really was very argumentative. I mean yeah, sometimes rows used basic rows would break out. But, but I again, I think that's because if you, if you don't care, it's not important.


Yeah. And, and, and, and And I think irony was not be good at standing up. 'cause I was a solo writer in that group. And I remember? And then, and that's why I think I got on with George. He was a solo between two big forces of Lennon and McCartney. Right. And I was between, you know, Mike and Terry. Mike and Terry wrote, and John and Graham wrote And I, remember when George came out to the filming of the life of Brian, he paid for, he said, how's it going? He said, well, it's All, right. It's hard to get on screen, you know, with, with Michael Payin. And, and, and, and John Cle, he said, imagine how I was trying to get into the studio with Lennon and McCartney.


Mic Drop said, okay, you got it. I got it. You think you have problems? Yeah, exactly. Crime a river. This is, and we don't have to talk about this, but it's something that as a lifelong, someone who's been so influenced and odd by Python, I think of it as sort of Santa Claus. Like, like a child. I just wanna believe that everyone's getting along and you and Clea famously lately have had your disagreements and that have come out in public. And I know. I'll think, oh, don don't want mommy and daddy to fight. But that's childlike of me because you're human beings that disagree and you've known each other a long Time, but you don't disagree about comedy.


This is only about money. Yeah. This is only about business. Yeah. And, and there's no reason, I mean, a fool and is money are easy parted, you know, six of us, you know, much more quickly. I mean, I think, I think there's, there's no right or wrong way to deal with business. And if somebody has one view of it and somebody doesn't and somebody has another, those can lead to very bad arguments. Yes. And unfortunately, we don't see each other enough. I haven't seen them in 10 years. And if You don't sit For 10 years since you saw John Nine, since John 10 is Mike, if you don't sit across the table and know that person and what, what decade they're in, I think there's, there's, there's a lot of room for disagreement and you know, it, we are just old And it, it's like we never disagreed on the very important things on what was funny.


Yeah. Really. Yeah. And, but that was a while ago. You know, there's also, there's a, there's a misconception that anyone could have, which is wait a minute, Monty Python the most, in my opinion, influential show of, of all time. And then that led to these movies, which are, in my opinion, flawless and beautiful and fantastic. And that you, you've all gone on to these things. And then of course, spam Aott a huge hit. And you talk about how there's this perception that, well, everyone in Python must be driving around in Bentleys with cash, you know, in convertibles with cash just flying out. Absolutely.


And that he, you say, you know, we're all touring to ke, you know, at this age to keep it going. And that's, I think That that's a misconception that people can have. I think So because, you know, it sort of depends what sort of deals you, you have and, and, and, and, and nowadays residuals are becoming a thing of the past. You know, they've got, they've got rid of all the music re residuals, you know, you've got Spotify and YouTube. Everything takes everything. You know, I mean, I think it's very difficult. I don't mind it because I quite like doing what I do. I quite like going out there and making people laugh. See if I can still make 'em laugh. Because I think that's the sort of little joy that we get.


Yeah. I think it's a secret, little secret, little joy. We're all comedy junkies. Laugh junkies, And I. And so I'm about to go and do a tour of Australia and New Zealand and I've got some really wonderful surprises. I like surprising people. I like, I like making my shows about something. So there's like a through line. I was with Professor Brian Cox last week and he said he's doing a show. And I said, he said, what's yours about And? I said, mine's about the meaning of life. And he said, well, so's mine. I said, yeah, but mine will be deep. You, you introduced me, you introduced me to him at a, at a par.


I mean, again, this is one of the gifts of getting to go to Eric Idol's home is you said, oh, here's Brian Cox and we chatted and he's this brilliant mind. And the next thing you know, he's, I become somewhat, you know, friendly with him. And I think this is, you have salons, you have, it's nice what you do. I you get really smart. It's not just funny people, it's, it, it's music people, it's people from science, it's people from astrology. It's people who are historians and I can just see that you have this endless joy for trying to figure it all out. I like putting people together. I like conversation. but I love, love at the end of the evening is a ding-dong. We have a play.


And so I love musicians. Yeah. And so I've always got musicians, anybody, I like Brian Cox, if he's gonna tell you about Quantum and that's very nice over Denny, you know. Yeah. But, and he also plays a piano. So we, we have gigs. He, his son George plays guitar. Wow. And I. I've been playing with this group who have been playing with the Monkeys and they're really great. And we just sit around and play Hit after hit. It's just gr That's my hap that's what I'm happiest after dinner out come the guitars. We'll just sing for hours. It's funny you say this because like What Is It about, I've love playing guitar. I could never make a dime off of it, but it's, it's, it just, it's my hobby.


And I really love doing it. And I got to do the Newport Folk Festival a month or two ago. And there's, there's footage of it. And I'm up there playing with all these amazing people and Jack White came. But the comment that shows up every time I'm up there is Conan seems, this is the most joyous I've ever seen. Conan. He seems so much happier doing this than comedy. I thought, I love comedy, but they're not wrong. No, I love that. Me too And I and just playing and ha gigging with people and having fun and listening because it's a different part of your brain. You're not thinking, you're not obsessive. Yeah. And where's the next laugh one?


You know, you're just feeling the next chord or the, I I I love that And I. I, I'm doing a show now, which is really a one man musical. Yeah. And I do a couple of songs. So one's a tribute to George Harrison. I, I wrote, which I, I really like, 'cause I miss him a lot. And One's for Robin, which I wrote for his memorial. And it's a very sweet song. And I put up pictures of them, And. it, it's kind of a nice way of recognizing that people have moved on and gone and say for Well, it isn't all like, you know, isn't all Morlin. Yeah. I mean there's a lot of, there's some good jokes, but, Well, you've written, first of all, it's the, it's the most requested song at funerals, I think in, certainly in the, in the uk maybe in the world.


And what's the second? That's a really good question actually. It was my way it Replaced, which is really a terrible song for when you're dying in it. Yeah. I did it. I smoked. I smoked and smoked. They said I shouldn't, but I did. I ate fatty foods. They said I shouldn't. but I did. The, you wrote always look on the bright side of life. And it has, it's such a great song. I mean, it's an amazing scene in life of Brian.


And at the time I remember it extremely controversial because, you know, it's, people are being, they're on, they're dying. They're on a crucifix and singing Always look on the bright side of life. And, I think it's everything. It is the perspective that I completely 100% agree with, which is this is terrible and ridiculous and silly at the same time. That is sometimes the only way we can go. We can move on. And it's just, and it's got my, one of my life's got a funny plot. You're here and then you're not like it's, that's all there is to it, I think. Yes. I, I, I, I mean what's really funny about always talking on the bright side of life is you are being crucified. Yeah. There's very little to look forward to at that point.


Let's face it. If there's anything point In life, I think you're, I think Eric, Eric, I think you're being overly negative. Yeah. You're giving it a bad rap. You're getting yeah. You're getting a good stretch in the low back go. Well you're, oh man. Between the L four and L five, you get Gravity has giving you a little pull. But. it is an ironic song. And I. Think it's a war song. And. I think it comes from my father, my their generation. Those songs always like, oh, always look on the bright, the blue fly blue Skies, skies were open. You know, Bluebird over the Bri, they were always about future optimism because they're in a war. Yeah. So I think that that's what that sort of song is.


It's just like a war song. Yeah. And. it was played on the, in the Flans when h Hm s Sheffield was hit by an next set and they had to wait for rescue for three hours. They sang that. That's amazing. For three hours. And so I, I think there's, there is something recognizing that it is a ridiculous thing. And, and, and teams, you know, seeing it when they're losing at football. Yeah. I mean, they, they move on the bright side, you know, there's nothing to look forward to at that point, but, Right, right. We're down. It's over. There's not enough time left. I have to ask you this, 'cause I know that you've, you talk about playing guitar with these iconic musicians. You played for hours and probably thousands of hours with George Harrison.


You also stayed up all night once in Rome playing with Keith Richards. And I'm just curious how you can, don't you leave your body at some point and say, that's Keith Richards I'm playing guitar with, or That's George Harrison I'm playing guitar with. How do you get over that? Oh, I, I think pretty quickly. 'cause you, you a player playing along, you know, so you're in the moment if you're playing with somebody. And I. Luckily I had, I had a pretty good back, I had a jazz guitar background. I knew better chords than they did often. Right. But, but with Keith, you know, I mean, Keith is like the most extraordinary. He's like, no coward. You know, he behaves, oh dear boy. Do come up and have a Well, can I get you, I mean, he is thinking wearing, you know, dressing gowns and very calm.


You. He is not. Where's the lunatic? You know, That's hilarious. Oh, come in. Please, please do. Come in. And he's wearing like a calf. He's wearing a calf tan. He's not a calf. Dressing gown. Dressing gown. And a little, you know, little Smo fan. Oh dear. Boy, would, can I get you a glass of beer? What would you like, how can you take, you know, I mean, quite, quite a different world of that you'd expect. And what we did sing all night that night. And, you know, it was in Rome and, and Went in Rome. Went In Rome. So I was then the next day I turned up at the set and Chevy. I hadn't got any words left. It was my last scene. Yeah. And then Chevy comes up to me, he says, I've written this big new scene for us.


Oh, Is this for European vacation? Yeah. And I went, I've got And it all. Fuck. So, so you had to lose a scene. I lost A scene in European vacation. Yes. 'cause you were up all night playing and singing with Keith Richards. I'm sorry. Yes. I Well, that's probably as good an excuse as anybody. 60, 50. It's worth it. Yeah. I think it's worth it. Yeah. I'm gonna miss the next podcast. I'm sorry. I was singing all night with Keith Richards. No, no, no. He's in, he's in London. Whatcha talking about You're in the Pacific Palisades. You were with Richard Keats. Yeah. Yes. We, we got on this very dark topic of death and everything. You have one of the funniest ideas ever I've heard for an inscription on your tombstone, which I really like.


I'll tell you what it is. 'cause you've clearly forgotten Eric Ile. See Google. I'm glad to know that still stands up. Yeah, it's good. I Why, why not? I mean, yeah, yeah, yeah. What are we getting into here? Exactly. The rest is, is nonsense. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I, I wanna thank you. It's a great day for me when I get to spend any time with you. You're one of my all time heroes and you've changed my, you changed my life in so many ways with your work when I was a young lad and you guys completely, I think, reordered the universe and showed us all what could be done.


And, I. I still think you're, you're far ahead of everyone else. My love to your family, Tanya. And, and, and of course Lily. Thank you. Who, who I adore the book is the Spamalot Diaries And. it is a joyous read. It's a little harrowing at times, but it's great. And it's a great book for anyone to read. Who's in the process of trying to make something happen. It doesn't ha It could, it could be a Broadway play. It could be anything you're trying to do. It's very inspirational. Yes. And so thank you. You've given people a real gift here. Oh, that, that's very kind. I I like that. I'm glad that that's so, because I I do think it's a process, not a miracle. Yeah.


And let's end with just explaining our shirts. Indeed. You wanna explain these? Well, the, these shirts of to raise money for statue for Terry Jones. And they're gonna build a statue for him on the promenade in Wales, where he comes from Colwin Bay and they're raising money on a go for FundMe basis. And so we're here promoting, I think there should be a statue to Terry Jones. I think this is a lovely idea and We are hoping it will be the nude organist, but we're not sure. And You said it was a GoFundMe, is that correct? It's A GoFundMe. A GoFundMe.


Yes it is. Okay. So People can just Well they can see Google. Yeah. Very nicely done sir Eric Ile. Go, go forth and do good works. Thank you. I's been always a joy to talk to you.


God, I love football season. I love the rituals of football. Like what? Don't do that. Whatcha talking about from defending your favorite team after a bad loss to obsessively checking your fantasy lineups. Yeah. You know what I'm talking about. Football fandom is bigger than just Sundays. And you know, who knows that Miller l Miller Lite knows the passion that comes with rooting for your team. That's why Miller Lite keeps it simple, un debatable quality. You can try and debate it. That debate won't last long. You'll lose it's Miller Lite. You'll lose great taste. Only 96 calories. It's the beer that strips away everything you don't need and holds on to what matters most. Who says, Hey, get me a beer with everything I don't need in it. Nobody. It's the original light beer since 1975. I've said it before. And. I'll say it again. Red Sox won the penant that year. Yeah. Make your game time taste like Miller Time tastes great. Less filling. Let it be both. Why fight? You know there's enough fighting in America right now. You can have both. There's space for both. Thanks Sona to get Miller Lite delivered right to your door. Visit miller l.com/ Conan or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories for 12 ounces fewer cows and carbs than premium regular beer.


This message is brought to you by BetterHelp. It's gonna take a second. Give a shout out to the, some of the people. Yeah. I wanna say two people in my life who helped me out a lot. 'cause they, they listen to me. My wife Liza. Amazing. And you Sona you listen to me when I'm low. Yeah. You make fun of me a little bit. But then when you see that I'm really low, you, you talk to me. Yeah. Because you've known me a long time. That's true. Well, this month is all about gratitude and along with thanking the people, say I've mentioned, it can be someone, a friend, it can be family. In my case it's both. There's another person we don't get to thank enough and that's ourselves. Yeah. Okay. It's something hard to remind ourselves that we're trying our best to make sense of everything in this crazy world. It's not easy. Be nice to yourself. If you're thinking of starting therapy, I think you should give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. You just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and then you can switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. That's huge. Let the gratitude flow with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Conan today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/ Conan.


The new Sonic Queso Smasher is now available. You're gonna wanna try this. They made the Sonic Smasher you love 'cause you do love your Sonic Smasher, don't you? Sonic? I love Sonic smashes And I love queso. Yeah. Well, guess what? They took the Sonic Smasher you love and they added the new creamy queso in hand. Smash patties made to order. Just makes my brain explode. I just saw your brain explode in queso came out the sonic queso smashes the perfect combination of Angus patties, creamy queso, jalapenos, and a southwest aioli. Sounds like juicy goodness to me. All that's left to do is choose a double or a triple make mine two triples. That's a sex tt. The new Sonic queso Smasher Live Free Eat Sonic.


On an episode not too long ago, we talked about your grandma Maud Maori, right? Yeah. Ma Yes. This would be my mother's mother, Ruth Rearden. And yet for reasons we didn't know when we were kids, everyone, we all called her Maori. And then I asked her once, why do we call you Maori? And she said that there was a cartoon strip back maybe even before the turn of the century or at the turn of the century. I I believe she was born in 1890 and she was in a, on a playground and some kids were harassing her or, you know, teasing her. And so she kicked at them and they started calling her Maori because there was a well-known cartoon at the time about a don Don't know if it's a mule or a horse that kicked people.


Oh my God, here it Is. And this is the mule or the horse kicking someone right there. And her name was Mod And her name was Mod. Yeah. This is it. Oh my God. I'm trying to see what the date is on this. That would be cool to know. I can't see, I can't make out the date. I thought Some, I thought it's said 1904 somewhere. But that be too late. No, don Don't think so. You can still kick people when you're 14. This is really cool. This is Her classmates sound like Dicks. Well don't They? I mean, Kids don't change. I know. But she, they were bugging her so much that she needed to kick them and then they started calling her a, a kicking mule.


Well, Yeah, but it's not like the name stuck. And her grandchildren ended up using it. Oh no. This is so cool. This is a good, there's a guy who gets kicked by a mule. He's angry. So he takes the mule. He says, I'll fix this pesky critter. He ties the mule up. The mule kicks some more people. It's kicking automobiles. It's kicking everybody. And then the people realize that the owner's the one that caused all this problem. So they go and they kick him. And the mule then gets to laugh at the owner who just got kicked. Mm. He haw. Oh, and by the way, you can see this just go to at Team Coco podcasts on Instagram. My question is, did they do the same bit every week?


don don't know how many of these cartoon strips did. They, did they do? At least this is a, a, a cartoon strip that's acceptable today. If you look at a lot of cartoon strips from the turn of the century. Oh yeah. They would not pass muster anymore. They're incredibly, You find out that mules politics. Wow. This this is an America first mule. He wants closed. This is a closed border mule. This is so cool to see this, to think that my grandmother would've seen this, It does say to be continued next Sunday. Yep. So I bet there's a whole story.


Yeah. I think this, my guess is this mule just keeps on kicking people. Yeah. Here we have a little info about it. And her name was Ma Yeah. Is the name of the strip is a comic strip by Frederick Burr Opera. It first appeared in the Hearst Newspapers on July 24th, 1904. That's it. Well, the rest of the stuff is, wait, You can I just say, Adam, you approached the mic like I've just got some news. The Hindenberg has exploded at Lakehurst New Jersey. Those have been lost. Even You seem Surprised by your own lack of Information. Curse is less interesting than I thought I doing. Yes. Her name is Ma in 1904 newspapers. Yeah. Although Earth Papers though, it probably does have some politics. Yeah. Well this is, I I know.


I love that kind of connection to just, I mean, first of all, this is, as I've spoken about before, loved my grandmother and after my grandfather passed, she lived with us for a while. And she, yeah. She was this amazing link to the late 19th, early 20th century. And I remembered her telling me it was once in New Year's Day. And she told me she had a very clear memory of New York City because she was staying with relatives in New York City in 1900 on New Year's Day. And she was describing it. She was describing the carriages going by how cold it was, the snow. She said I can see it right now. Like perfectly And I thought. I I'm always fascinated by time travel that concept that you can have a human connection to somebody.


You, I don't know if you had this with 'cause I know Sona you lived with Oh my. Yeah. My, your grandparents. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And they had both lived into their nineties. Into their nineties. Yeah. And they came from, They came from Istanbul. Yep. And I mean my, my grandpa started, he was a butcher when he was 12. Like, they just put him to work really early. Right. So it's like, the idea that you are trusting a 12-year-old with slaughtering animals is just, feels like a completely different world. But Also just the fact that then they come to this country and they're living with you and it's, you're going out to in and out to grab a burger. Yeah. And whatever else you're up to.


It's just this amazing clash of cultures. I, I find that stuff fascinating. Well, my great grandma also lived with us and she was old as shit. She was really old. You don't say old as shit. She was really, really old. And I. Remember she was this old wrinkly lady. And. I was really young. I was maybe like 10. And my mom's like, she's gonna sleep in your room. And, I. That it, from then on, I was terrified of the dark. 'cause I thought she was like a old witch lady. And she was just like, Wait, when you say she was what? Did you say old as shit. Yeah. I how old is old as shit. She was, I mean, when I was 10, she was like 95 because There are young comedians out there that now see me and go, you're old as shit. So it's all, it's all relative.


That's right. I was 10 and she was 60. No, no, seriously. How old do you think she was? She was 95. Yeah. Wow. But she was like an old wrinkly lady. And I was young. And I was like, why is this old person in my room? And I. I got terrified of the Dark. Dark. Well, you like an awful grandchild. I was really bad. I I love this like old and wrinkled. Why is that in my room? I Have, we did something else. don don't wanna, I shouldn't Frame. Well you gotta now come On. This is really bad. So she had a son who passed away that no one told her passed away. And then my uncle who was still in Istanbul, and we'd hold up two fingers and we'd be like, Menzie touch, you know, touch one of 'em. And we would, she would touch 'em and be like, oh, that's, you know, bedda, who was my uncle.


And she just instantly start crying. And we thought it was so funny. Wait, I don understand what was happening here. She, because We kept reminding her of these people she hadn't seen in a long time. And we'd instantly make her cry. And Danny And I were like, let's go make Menzie cry. Whoa. Oh my God. You're a, you're a monster. You're a sociopath. How is that? We were just fascinated with her instant like sadness. Thought, Thought you heard the true sociopath, but it's you Wrong. I really was mad though. What That no, I, to be fair, I did it to my grandmother Ma too. I used to go remember that, that Billette loved one. That perished It was fun. We used to call it, it was the old fun, we called it the parish game.


Oh hey, let's go play perish. And we go into mommy's room. Remember the one you loved who perished? Look at them waterworks. You're an awful, awful person. No, no joke. That was really bad. Yeah, you're a bad person. It was bad. We would make her laugh just for All. right. Fun. Well listen, let's have some good come this don don't need to clarify. No joke. We know That it's bad. We would make her cry just for fun. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause we were Terror. Let's have some good come out of this. If you're listening right now and you're tempted to go mock a very, very old relative by reminding them of someone they lost long ago, think twice. Yeah. That's a little word from Conan O'Brien needs a friend.


Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, soum of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent Booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Con. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode.


Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Cocoa Hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at siriusxm.com/ Conan. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded,


Net credit is here to say yes because you're more than a credit score. Apply in minutes and get a decision as soon as the same day loans offered by net credit or lending. Partner banks and service by net credit application subject to review and approval. Learn more at net credit.com/partners. Net credited credit to the people.


Have you met? All modern? All modern. Brings you the best of modern furniture and decor. And right now through November 20th, you'll score up to 50% off during their early access to Black Friday sale. Simplify your holiday entertaining with deals on plush sofas, modern tabletop essentials, and more. All on sale at all modern. Then get them delivered for free in days. You heard that? Right days? That's modern made simple. Shop all modern's early access to Black Friday sale now through November 20th at all modern.com.