
Man, We were just in summer, and then we're like rocketing into Halloween. I know. I'm on the beach. We're in my Speedo 10 minutes ago. Oh No. Now I'm dressed up as a guy in a Speedo on Halloween. That's your costume. Yeah. It saves money and time.


Yes. A lot can happen in a second. That's why ADT spends all their seconds helping protect all of yours while you're out. The ADT Plus app gives you complete control over who has access to your home. It's great with the Google Nest doorbell from ADT. You can know for sure if the person at the door is a scary goblin or just your next door neighbor. This season may be spooky, but you can feel secure. Hey, Sona? Yeah. With this app, I can stop by your house and you can let me in remotely. Okay. Or I can just pretend I'm not home. Oh, when every second counts. Count on ADT. Visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT ASAP. Google and Google Nest doorbell are trademarks of Google. LLC


Well falls here. Everyone's getting back from vacation headed Back to school. You know what that means? That's right. Time to get back into Bombas. Mm oh man. The amazingly comfortable socks, teas, and underwear that give back with every purchase they have the best socks for Fall. Now, these aren't regular old fall colors. They're actually playful and kind of fun. And the Merino wool socks are so cushy. They're like walking on pillows. And. I've walked on pillows. Oh. And Bombas And. It's the same. Yeah. I like 'em too. Yeah. So ready to feel good. Head over to bombas.com/ Conan and use code Conan for 20% off your first purchase. Let me explain. That's Bombas. B-O-M-B-A s.com/ Conan. Code Conan at checkout.


Hi, my name is Ezra Koenig. And I. Feel cautiously optimistic about being Conan O'Brien's friend. I think that's Wise Fall here. Back to school. Ring Bell shoes. Walking. loose the fence. And. I friends. Hey there. Welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. A fine program today. Matt Gorley joining us. Hi. Good to see you. And Sono Mosan and a happy birthday to you.


Oh, Thank you. You, you had your birthday yesterday. Yesterday. Yeah. But you know, I celebrate all month, but that's okay. Yeah. What's that all about? I just, I like it. Yeah. I also get confused by your Christmas celebrations because you celebrate real Christmas, but also Armenian Christmas or Ours is real Christmas. Yours is fake. That your, you know, Christmas. What? Said what I just said. And I wasn't even trying to be funny. Was very offensive. It was And I. And I. Apologize. Oh. Oh yeah. Oh. Because I shouldn't have said real Christmas. I'm sure people think of the Christmas on December 25th and you guys celebrate it when? January 6th. Yeah. I'm, I'm sure that I know now. January 6th is like for something else.


Well, yes, of course. Well, there's a theory that the, the fracks, I call it frack at the Capitol. Frack occurred. And I later on looked it up. Everyone participating in that It was 98% Armenians. No. And that they were rushing, they were rushing the capitol to exchange to, to give gifts to each other. Oh, I Thought To get the trees over. Yeah, exactly. To, it was just a misunderstanding. It was, it was a, it was an Armenian Christmas and people, it just happened to be the Capitol was in the way. Oh, okay. Okay. There were a lot of good sales and they were Trying to get, they were on their way to celebrate Armenian Christmas. That's right.


And. it was like, God, we could go around the Capitol. Let's go through it. Listen, All, right? Yeah. My birthday was yesterday. Your birthday was yesterday. Yeah. So You celebrate all month. But are, is everyone else obligated to celebrate your birthday all month? She always did this when she was my assistant. She would keep bringing up. It's my birthday month. Yes. Yeah. And. it was a kind of a nightmare. It's not A nightmare, isn't it? In just a nice way to see people and just be like, Hey, it's, It's no, you wanted it. It was like extortion. It's, oh my God. You wanted, It's not a slippery slope where you start going, it's my birthday year. I mean, it could be. And then suddenly it's eternally your birthday. Wouldn't That be great? Well, don't let me give you any Ideas. See then, and then it turns into my birthday year. I just like seeing people, and especially now, it's harder for me to see people.


'cause I have family obligations and so I like to use it as an excuse to like, go to dinner. That's nice. Yeah, sure. Everybody Should do it. Let's get back to Armenian Christmas now. Oh God. No. No. Armenian Christmas. Armenian is the oldest sect of Christianity. Is that correct? The oldest Armenians are the first to adopt it as their national Religion. That's right. That's right. Yes. Yes. That's the correct way to say it. Thank, I glad you, glad, glad I educated you. You Didn't educate me. I knew that Pretty much. You're welcome. I knew that. Okay. Lemme teach you more about Arm Armenia's, right? Worked for you. Yeah. You're gonna teach me about Armenia? Yeah. What? No you's not what's, You're not, I think I know more about it than you. Yeah. You might know more about the Soviet Union Shares Armenian.


Oh, Really? Yeah, Dr. You're Kidding. Dr. Korian, why Do you always do Dr. Korian second? Those are your two big ones. Don't Don Ian. Don't Do it. Yeah. No. Let's not do the Armenian list again. Okay. Because Here's the thing I will say to you. You do both though, right? You do December 25th. That doesn't, I don't like when people do both. Yeah. What? Pick one. Pick one. Why? I'm an Armenian American, so I'm doing Armenian. You're taking gifts away from us. Yes. I don't, then I feel like, yeah, but guess what? I believe that's, that's true. It's a really Us versus them mentality. Well, I didn't start this. Yeah. I'm tired of immigrants coming into this country and taking Christmas gifts from me. Oh, Eduardo. Eduardo. That's just the way it is. You, if you come into this country and you celebrate more than one, one Christmas, we've got a problem.


What If we take the gifts you guys didn't even want. Yes. Thank you. Oh. Oh my God. This is, man, the metaphors here are blowing my mind. Oh. because there is a lot of re-gifting at Christmas for white elephants and things. Yeah. Why is it called White elephant? This is really blowing my mind. Yeah. So you're saying that you guys are taking the gifts that we don't want. Yes. But then bitching about it, right. All, right. White elephant, white Christmas. Yes. Holy shit. Why wait, but why is it January 6th? Was Jesus born on January 6th? I know December 25th. I Know than Right. It's I Know Eduardo, you are married. Your, your wife is Armenian. Correct. And, and in Mexican American culture, or Mexican culture also, January 6th is celebrated because of the Three Kings Day.


Three Kings Day, the George Movie. So it's possible. No, you're really tangling this thing up more than needs to be. So January sixths, Also Elvis's birthday. So technically it's four Kings. Kingston All. right? No, Elvis' birthday's January 8th. It is. Yeah. That's my dad's birthday too. Yeah. Wait, your dad was born, born, born. On January 7th. Wait, you Intro. Wait a minute. Bla, you waited to interject. You wanted to make sure you had something good and you jumped in with Elvis's birthday and you were wrong. Yes. That's fucking crazy. I'm sorry. You're like a guy that waited outside a house in case there's trouble. It caught fire. Other people put it out. And then long after the fire was out, you came rushing in and threw Fluffer nutter all over the Place. And I set the fire myself because I didn't need to interject.


And, and that just, and his Birthday's actually January 8th. Yeah. Not the 6 0 7. Oh, sorry. I thought you said the seventh. It's his dad's Birthday. Can we straighten one thing out? No, I think everything's very clear. January 7th, we determined that January 6th was when the Capitol was attacked. Oh, it was an insurrection, but also Armenian Christmas. Yes. But also three Kings Day. Correct. Is it possible that a lot of the crowd And, I'm, I'm not making God excuses. Oh God. But is it possible that many people in the crowd were excited about Armenian Christmas and three Kings Day and should we look into this and then the ca they were on their way to some big festivity and fucking capitals on the way. Is that possible? And yes, there's ways to go around it, but oftentimes I found it's better to smash doors and go through.


Oh, you do. And then later on the left is like, this was an insurrection. Excuse me. Pull The crowd. How many were celebrating three Kings Day? They Arrested a lot of people who were there. And nobody mentioned Armenian Christmas. Well, I think after the fact you'd, you know what? You're embarrassed. Yeah. Probably embarrassed. And I know we Got at it. You don to wanna to smirch It. Yeah. You don't wanna smirch it. What if someone was like, it's Elvis's birthday. Maybe they were early for Elvis's birthday, which is on the eighth. You all know what, guess what were doing? There were like nine people. The guy wearing the buffalo horn hat. The bison dude. The bison Dude. He Was there celebrating Elvis' birthday and like most insane people wearing a bison hat.


He was two days off. Yeah. And two people there were celebrating my dad's birthday. Yeah. I just think the Justice Department should really figure out, I agree. How much of the crowd was celebrating other stuff. Yeah. And just got confused. Yeah. Or Blazes birthday too. Maybe they were there for Blazes birthday. When is your birthday? January 7th. Were you there? You know what, there is usually a big crowd in Washington that gathers the day before Blazes birthday. And then they quickly remember that they're off by a day. And so they try to rush to where Blay is. And oftentimes the capital's in the way. I just think this is an alternate, it should be an alternate history show where we explore. I like this other possibilities. I like this.


Yeah. Yeah. In fact, stay tuned for the third act segment of this episode and we'll be back with another alternate historical possibility. Yes, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Booth was just angry that Lincoln was blocking his view Yes. Of what was happening in the theater. That's Down in front. He paint. Yeah, sir. He's tall. Sir. Sir, remove that hat, sir. I'll remove that hat when I'm no longer president. A whipper snapper. Ah, if only I had out right. Derringer blam alternate history. Is that Your Lincoln impression? Eh, I tell you, poor score seven years ago. What? Whoa. Yeah. That's not, that's, You know how I will tell you. He sounds, many people don't understand what Lincoln really sounded like.


He had a high reedy voice. Many people give him a a four score in seven years ago. Yes. No, he, he did not have that voice. He was described at the time. I Like the other one. That one. Yeah. I know. But I'm being an, and my accurate Lincoln is, we, we No, no, no, no, no, no. Cool. Is he? No, don't do that. I'll take off my hat boost once you settle down. But I'm trying to enjoy my American cousin. See, I mean, honestly, why are you wearing a hat in the theater though, too? Right? He didn't take it off. It was a thing with Lincoln. He really didn't. He was a real prick about it. Yeah, he refused. Now what are you talking about? I don't know. Nothing Here is real. Let me just remap the thread of this conversation I made up that he refused to take his hat off.


Okay. Of course he took his hat off. We're be in the Smithsonian right now with a big hole in it. But the Armenians going through the capitol to get the Armenian Christmas Is real. I just think we should investigate that. Okay. That's all I'm saying. Wait, But what is his voice? It was high and reedy. It was High. Andre. That's real. Come on, man. And didn't, didn't Daniel Day Lewis kind of play it that Way? Yeah. Daniel Day Lewis gave him the real voice that they think he had. Yeah. And a lot of theater goers were like, what? He doesn't sound like James Earl Jones. And that's not what Lincoln sounded like. Right. So we actually did get a little historical at fact out of this, despite my best attempts. I know. And now you're convinced that Booth shot Lincoln. 'cause he didn't take his stovepipe hat off. Yeah. And. it gave Booth an obstructed view. I'm only not convinced because you keyed me in that.


That was false. Yes. So, thank you. I now know the truth. Okay. But That would've been warranted. Okay. Terrible. A terrible segment. Sorry. A segment Spoken like a true Christmas denier. Sometimes I Want to, I think someone should bust into this room right now and shoot me with a barringer. 'cause that is the only way to end this. I, I volunteer. Oh, I, you know what? And you are a guy that would own a Derringer. I got Tyra. You Know what? You got a bit of a boothy vibe to you. You do. You do. You're a little Whatcha and also whatcha talking about Little Also with the greatest actor of All time. Also, he's a guy that would own a derringer. Can you imagine A guy bus busting? He would A guy busting it and he has Oh, I got it. At a local flea market. I do not Own a Derringer.


Singular. Yeah. Okay. First of all, You own Daring J. Yes. I. do one on each leg. Garter. I love it. Someone busting into your house and you're like, don't worry honey. And you're putting a ball into a little derringer and powder and you're packing it in. No, No. Those were cartridge based guns. A little boothy All. right. A little boothy around. Yeah. He's a little boothy around the eyes. Okay. That's fair. Let's get into it. My guest today, lead vocalist and guitarist for the Grammy Award-winning band, vampire Weekend. Their fifth album, only God was Above Us, was released earlier this year. Thrilled. He's here with us today. Extremely talented.


Ezra Kenney welcome. I remember very well the first time I met you would've been when I was towards the end of my original show, the late Night show in New York. I was very excited because your guys Vampire Weekend's first album had come out. And. it just hit me over the head in a, in the best way. Mm. And I have very clear memories of, you know, being nervous about I gotta move out to la There's a lot of unknown stuff coming my way. I'm, I'm, I'm transitioning out of this job I've had for 16 years. And then your guys came along and listening to those songs and walking around the Upper West side of New York and just being so happy.


I just loved the music so much. And then heard that you guys were booked to come on the show. Mm. And I was excited the way a fan would be excited. You know, not. Yes, yes. You know, that's How you normally are. Normally I'm like, Mr. Burns. Yes. Yes, yes, yes. This is Rock and Roll will keep those, Those youngsters happy. Can you, is it, Hey, is that the name Ra? How do I know that name? Anyway, I was very, I was very happy and you guys came on and again, in that situation, we didn't really get to talk. Right. But then go through that whole Tonight Show Madness.


And I go on tour. Sona joins was with me for the tour. Yeah. And I. Forget where we were. but I heard that you guys were willing to come. And I think I I know for a fact that you did Walcott at Radio City. And. I was so excited about that when you guys said, yeah, would you play Walcott with us? I was, everyone kept trying to talk to me about the comedy that we were gonna be doing. And I was like, shut up, shut up, shut up. I'm gonna be playing with Phi weekend. I gotta get this right. You know, you're like, well yeah, but we're gonna really turn you down a lot so you don't fuck it up. But. anyway, that was a big deal for me.


So it was very meaningful to us too. Yeah. It was a lot of fun. Oh, we growing up, growing up, we're huge fans of yours and you really are like our target demographic. Thank you. That's the nicest thing anyone's ever said to me. You specifically. Yeah, exactly. Just Conan O'Brien. No, but even a guy, a guy from Boston walking around the Upper West Side. When I think about the early albums and like the imagery and how Yes. The kind of like love of the East Coast, or forget about love, just heritage like East coast bound. Yeah. And but also, also some of the references to, well, especially in Walcott, you know, you talking Yeah. Cape Cod. Cape Cod. And I mean, I so distinctly remember listening to that album and, and getting hooked on you guys and then have been a fan ever since.


And so happy that you could come in. And I also got to hang with you, our mutual friend. Rashida your, Well more than friends, but have you met Rashida Mutual friend. Mutual friend. So you're both married to her. What's going on here? Mutual wife. Yeah. But I remember you guys came over once we sat out on the deck, we were looking at the beach. I think at the time we, my wife, And I and kids had this place in Carp. And you guys came by California And. it was on the water. And you guys came over and you introduced me to White Claw. I remember you and Rashida brought White Claw, And. I didn't know what it was.


And Was that a big mistake? You've been pounding, Pounding the claw. No, we can't get em off. I need White Claw. I've been in rehab 11 times. Remember a different flavor. But remember you guys, you came up the steps. Yeah, that's right. It was this really small house and you and Rashida came up the steps and you went, we brought White Claw And. I thought, what's White Claw? And you went try it. And I thought it was gonna be, and what I remembered is you need to drink a lot of white claws before you get a buzz. That's what I remember mostly. Yeah. It's, It's like a beer. Maybe even a beer lighter than a, Than a beer. I think it's less alcohol than a beer. Yeah. It's funny. I remember that we brought White Claw, but it's not like we're, we drink it often. We must have, I think at the time I was particularly interested in White Claw because that was the summer that there was this stat going around the music industry, And I and probably the beverage industry.


That White Claw had outsold beer at Lollapalooza that summer. So I think I was like, well that's interesting. I'm like curious about it. So we must have been talking more about White Claw and Yeah. I don't that, that's probably the last time we drank White Claw. I was afraid that you did that because you thought Rashida said, we're gonna go see Conan O'Brien. And you thought, oh, then we need to bring alcohol. That it was some weird Irish slam. Aw. Because you also brought potatoes, Right. And Lucky Charms and Pan and R charms. Corn, beef and pants made of burlap and a shovel. You know what that was just, it was just white claw season. And I. Think we just all wanted to get in on the fun. There Was that one summer that was a white claw.


They talk about Brat Summer. There was like a White claw summer. Yeah. What was it? And and by the way, we are not getting any money from White Claw. What was it? But we'll take it. We'll take It. Send it It to us or some free White Claw. But No, we don't want That. Is did kids like it because it had less, I think it had less Alcohol. It's like lightly Alcoholic Seltzer. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I think it's low calorie tastes great. Well, and also since then, there's And I. Remember You kept saying Conan, you should really drink low calorie drinks. Yeah. If you're gonna stay on television. I remember that very clearly. Yeah. That's why we brought it. I'm, I'm sure. I'm sure I'm, I'm sure it's still huge. And, and there are, There Are a lot of competitors now. Yeah. Yeah. So, so whether or not White Claws still on top.


I, I pray they are because 'cause but, but whether or not Whitelaw is still on top, they clearly tapped into a need in the marketplace. Yes. Which now everybody from Topo Chico Yes. To any sparkling water you can think of has, has entered. Yes. Well, I love that your interest in music expands to what will people be drinking who are in the audience. Like that's cool that it's not just the writing and the singing and producing and the playing of the music, but you're also thinking about what are they drinking? What are they having? Yeah. I know. I'm very, I'm very into beverages and beverage history And seating arrangements. Yeah. Things of that nature.


You study the seating before you play anywhere. Make sure it's, it's just Right. Who are The ushers tonight? Is it that one guy? Yeah. don. Don't like that guy. It's gotta be perfect. I don't want him on the aisle. I was thinking about this today. 'cause I know that your mom, when you're growing up, your mom's a therapist. That's right. And I was thinking if you're a, and you started writing songs at a very young age, if you're writing songs, lyrics, and your mom's a therapist. Mm. There might, there's a potential trap there where the mom is reading can, how can your mom not help but read into the lyrics? Right. Yeah. I suppose that's, that's true. Right? Yeah. And the first song I ever wrote was called Bad Birthday Party And.


it was, That's true. Right? Well, she, and she always, she threw, she, she threw great birthday parties for her children. I think maybe just as a kid, that was like one of the worst things I could think of was having a bad birthday party. Right. It's still, even now as an adult, it seems pretty sad for a kid to have like a very dis disappointing birthday. How old were you when you wrote that? Thinking like eight or nine. So were you consciously trying to write songs or it just kind of happened? I was consciously trying to write songs. You know, once I started taking piano lessons, And I knew how to like, you know, the rudiments of like writing out music. I was interested in kind of like writing songs. Yeah. Yeah. That is, I mean, to me the key seems to be to start young and do it a lot, which is true of a lot of things.


But to start at a young age and write a lot of songs before you get to some that you wanna hang on to. No, that's very true. And I did write a lot of songs. And, I always had bands from like middle school on. So I remember being 13 and, and we had a band that played at the seventh grade graduation. And we played another original song called The Beast from the Sea, which was kind of, it was kinda like a B 50 twos pastiche. Yeah. Not particularly original, but Yeah. but I, so we, there are always songs. And I, And I can kind of remember that sitting down at the piano and, and writing the beginning of Oxford comma was kind of the first time I felt like, okay, I entered a, a slightly different phase.


Right. And they always say that someone who writes a really good novel ha has to have like six bad novels in their desk drawer than, I mean, you need to go through that process of, of, I remember reading some interview with Paul McCart and he said, yeah 'cause he started trying to write songs and he was young and they said, well what was an example of an early one you wrote? And he went thinking of linking. He was like, I thought that was kind of a cool, like, you know, thinking and linking up. So thinking of linking And it, he said it was terrible, like But. anyway, it's interesting 'cause you start playing the piano.


When do you switch over to guitar? Is that happening around the same time or? No, I, I, I had a few years on piano maybe when I was like 12 or 13. I got a guitar for my birthday and I've, I've always, I've always been a little better at piano. So with, but with guitar I could try to start writing some riffs and stuff and then, yeah. Yeah. Ever since then I always had bands. I was always obsessed with my left hand making just the right shape that's gonna make the sound. And much later on I learned. Yeah, right hand is really important, you know, and yours just goes like a hummingbird on, on a bunch of, you know, it's, I love that. Well, You know, I think I, I was just talking about this with a friend. I think part of it was people forget, 'cause we were all born in like the mid eighties.


So we were coming of age right when there was this very brief surf boom in the nineties, which you probably remember, you know, like the pulp fiction soundtrack, fiction led fiction Sure. Led a bunch of bands. Right. And so, yeah. Ever since then, like the first songs I ever wanted to learn on electric guitar were like miserably and pipeline and you know, stuff like that. So ever since then, all I ever wanted to do is have a little bit of rev and go. Yep. And still that's kind of like one of my go-tos. But I thought it was interesting even the first time I heard you guys, as I said on that first album hearing, there's a musical term for it, which I don't know 'cause I'm a caveman, but playing in like triplets or something, whoever, whatever that is, it's so fast.


And, it almost sounds sometimes like a bica or something. It's got this kind of fast. Yeah. Some people call that double picking. Yeah. Just going back and forth so fast up and down. Yeah. Yeah. And I like that in, in the, I like that kind of about, it's also very like zba the Greek. Yes. Yeah. It cano kinda like Fun stuff. Many times when I'm listening to your guys' stuff, I start smashing plates. Papapa papa. Yeah. And you, you can, right. You're, are you half Greek Quarter Quarter quarter Greek. Yeah. Quarter Greek and yeah. Okay. So then more like just Opa kind of a depressed opa. Yeah. So not a full up Opa. Yeah. So yeah, OPA just, OPA one of the things that every is keeps easy.


I'm sorry, you keep saying upa, it's Opa, It depends on where you're from. Okay. All, right. As most idiots say. I've heard it both ways. Yeah. That's how I can cover for any mistake. I've heard it both ways. All. right. One of the things that interested me was always is that you guys come out of the gate with this great album, which you had essentially just made yourself, you made that album yourself while you were all working full-time jobs. Yeah. So it's not like you were signed and brought into this slick situation. You No, and in fact we, we experimented with remixing some of the songs to see like, oh, is is there a, are we missing some kind of professionalism or something But, it just didn't sound as good.


So yeah. It's really not, the, the version that came out is not particularly different than how it sounded when we were selling CDRs at our shows. So you're, you come out with that, it seemed to me like you were very interested in not having to be any slack coming out with more material very quickly. Like, and that was a pressure. Did that come from you Did you feel this pressure like, we've just gotta keep this going? Oh yeah. Yeah. I, I was obsessed because also because I'd been working full-time, I was a, the public school teacher, eighth grade English and New York And. it felt like a big deal to go, you know, tell the principal I'm gonna go on tour with the band.


You know, so I, so let's say that's probably June. June that year. I, I taught a full year and I'm like, I'm going on tour this summer, so I don't think I'm gonna come back. So it felt a little bit high stakes to have this like, brief moment of success. So it felt like, let's keep this going before I go have to go back to being a teacher or something. So yeah, I put a lot of pressure on myself and the whole band to try to get our second album out quickly. I was obsessed with that. And you really didn't wanna go back to teaching. How awful were those kids? There were, there were, I have a lot of affection for, for the kids But. it was, yeah. It was a very difficult job. Yes. And when, and also I just felt like we had this rare opportunity. So, You know, no one can begrudge you wanting to be a a well 30 kids can.


Yeah. Yeah. Ah, gee, he's a huge star. Yeah. So I, yeah, there was definitely felt like we had to keep things going. And then also, you know, the putting out your first album in many ways it was a big success. But then of course you're dealing with criticism and haters for the first time. So then there's also that part of you that felt like you wanted to continue to show more dimensions of the band as quickly as possible. Yes. Yeah. Be, because our first album, it's very, it, it was the perfect first album for us. But you know, it was also so kind of youthful and collegiate and kind of like cheery And. it always felt like a such a great starting point.


But yeah, I did also, I was anxious to show like different shades of the band. Yeah. And people, well, music critics especially. And everybody loves to say that's the sophomore slump, you know. And Lorne Michaels told me many times that they did the first year of Starnet Live, which is October 75 to summer of 76, you know, June or whatever. And then they break for the summer. And he said every season after that, like the second season, all he heard was not as good as the first. Yeah. Like what he the one with the Muppets, you know, like no, what, what do you mean Steve Martin doing King Tuts like the third or fourth, you know?


Right. But that's all he heard. And then of then of course it was not as good as, you know, 1975 to 1980. Right. Then it was not as good as when And it was just, it's something that, that follows you. Which is what I prefer is you've never been good and you never will be. And you never will be. And I'm like, dad, we've had this conversation.


Some trips are better in an Airbnb. It's just true. Like the trip you want to take with extended family where you wanna stay close, but not all be sharing one bathroom. That's key for me. Okay. That's why Airbnb is the choice I often wanna make. Or or for example, the couple's getaway where you'd rather have your own pool than share one with a bunch of strangers. Ugh. Oh. When I'm in a pool with strangers I start shrieking. Okay. That's weird. Or that last minute local getaway when you just really need to get outta the city for the weekend, but don't wanna deal with the airport. You know, I have to say I've used Airbnb a couple times, And, it always makes me feel like I'm at home even when I'm away. Do you have that area of that I do too? I mean I have, you know, I have two small kids who are loud. And so when I'm in a hotel I feel a little Uncomfortable. Well, you're allowed too. Oh yes. Okay. Yeah, we're all loud. And then in a Airbnb, I just feel much more comfortable. You traveling, you're not a self-conscious. No. Yeah. And also you're staying in someone's home. Yeah. It's got that vibe of comfort, relaxation, normalcy instead of some stuffy hotel with a, yeah. I don't wanna mint on my pillow. Hey bla. You use Airbnb, don't you? I do I love it. And And I will say it. It, there's staying in in someone's place really does add a lot. I'm a huge Stephen King fan. And the last Airbnb I stayed in had this book from a Buick eight, which is one of the few Stephen King books I haven't read. So I actually started reading it in The Airbnb put awesome nerd. And you know what I do? Sometimes when I'm at an, I often travel with a picture of myself in frame. Oh boy. And I. Take it out. And I put it up. And. it feels like home. I travel with my own framed headshot. Do you leave it there for as a gift or no? That's mine. Those things are precious. So if you're booking a trip soon, my number one tip is to check out Airbnb first to find the perfect place to stay. Because your accommodation really does make all the difference.


Robert Haaf research indicates nine out of 10 hiring managers are having difficulty hiring. I didn't know that. I didn't either. If you have open roles, chances are you're feeling this too. Interesting. That's why you need Robert Half. Yep. I don't think that's a person. That's the company. Okay. I was confused. Yeah. They're specialized recruiting professionals engaged with their proprietary ai Welcome to connect businesses of all sizes with highly skilled talent and finance and accounting, technology, marketing and creative, legal and administrative and customer support. See it, Robert Half They know Talent. I Wish. I had had Robert Half back in the day when I was hiring. Okay. So no offense, Sona. Oh, I feel like you did mean to offend me. Yes. You wouldn't be here if I had had Robert Half visit Robert half.com today.


This message is brought to you by BetterHelp. Well all have things that we're afraid of. I'm terrified of say doing a podcast or Oh, doing a comedic talk show for 28 years scares the daylights outta me. but I did it anyway. That's true. But seriously, I, do you know I a lot of fear before I, I perform or I go out in front of people hoping that it'll be funny and wondering what I'm gonna do. That's just, that's just common. We all have things that we worry about. Yeah. It's interesting 'cause Halloween lets us have fun with what scares us. But what about those fears that don't involve zombies, ghosts, and mostly candy. Oh yeah. See what, that's what Halloween does. It's genius is it's it, you're scared, but you're gonna get some candy. Yeah. And let's face it, you're not really scared. Those kids don't look like ghosts. It's just a plastic sheet. Anyway, we're talking about fears and for a reason, therapy is a great tool for facing your fears and finding ways to overcome them. Because sometimes the scariest thing is not facing our fears in the first place. And holding ourselves back. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. That's huge. So visit BetterHelp dot com slash Conan today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ Conan.


So there's this, there's this pressure to come out. You do three albums, I think in a relatively short time. Yeah. Within five years. Within five years. Which is, you know, by today's standards, that's moving, that's moving quickly. Yeah. Not as fast as The Beatles, but when I look, which in some ways is what's something people always say were like, well, you know, they made, you know, it was six months between the White album and Yeah. You know, whatever. But yeah, it, it felt fast. And then, and also for me, I kind of remember like, I turned 30 when we were finishing up the tour for the third album. And, you know, there were so many reasons why I think events first three albums tend to have, like, there's just something really special about the first three.


You can look through so many bands where that represents a unit, a trilogy, whatever. Our first record deal was a three album deal. So there was so many ways in which after that intense five plus a couple year period of touring, it felt like, okay, turning 30, that was like a, a speed run through my twenties. The band is now in a different place. And yeah, time for a break And then six years, six and a half years. Yeah. What Did you do during that time? I did all account for your time Young man. I mean, I, I Wanna see receipts. Yeah. Guilty. You know, I did all I was Account. Yeah. I Did all sorts of stuff. You know, working on music, trying a few different things. It's a little hard to remember, but the, I remember thinking that the six years felt like nothing.


You know, And, I still kind of feel that way. And I. And, and in some ways when I look back, I feel like we did it right, which is like, yeah. In your twenties, do it as quickly, like push yourself to go as quickly as possible. But that pace into your thirties, let alone your forties is insane. Yeah. I, I, I can't relate to it. I don't want it, you know, I am so aware that so much of stuff that I've done is because I had to just because I was part of a machine where you now you need to do another one and then you have to do this and then you have to do that. And that there was a, if I did shows when I felt like I might have done like five shows.


No, you, I don't know. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. Like, there's something that some And don don't know If you've had that, I'm sure you've had that creatively where it's just creativity can happen in so many strange ways, but sometimes the good thing comes really easily or sometimes it, yeah. Sometimes it comes when god dammit, we need another song. And No. Totally. And, and And I, I've actually, I struggle with it a bit just because I have, I used to, when the ideas wouldn't come or something, I used to feel more anxious. Like, we, this, it's important, we gotta get this album going. And then I, I learned a little more how to calm down and, and how to chill more. And then, and then it, it stopped mattering to me that much how quickly things came, which is very like, positive for my life, but not, not positive for the output.


So I, I'm a little bit now like it comes, when it comes. We'll see, I I've never regretted the amount of time between albums. Like looking back now. So now, you know, we started this in our early twenties this year I turned 40. So a bit of a milestone looking backwards. And I, think All, right? We have five albums out. If I'd been like a little more of a nut and probably gone harder and pushed harder, maybe we'd have seven albums out. Eight. Yeah. It just, what difference does it make, you know? Yeah. You've got an amazing body of work. You've got a great body of work and you can keep adding to it. But you're right. I, it's, I mean, first of all, I could take, I think I'm getting better at chilling.


Yeah, you are. I think I am. Yeah, definitely. but I had a major problem with it for a long time. Well, you had A crazy, crazy job for how Way too long. Yeah, yeah. Years and years and years of craziness. And I think kids just changes you, right. It changes you so much and it's, and then you, there's a while where you think, wait a minute, is there be creative versus be happy? And then it turns out well no, that's ridiculous. There's a way to be, there's a way to do both. It can just come in so many different forms. Right. But when I'm not creative or I do work, I don't like, now I can blame my children. That's that's why you had them. Right? You robbed me. But what could have been genius, you should do that.


You should just yell sometimes. Yeah. Just yell. You've robbed me of a great song. I mean, there's also something, it's funny about songs too. Like I, I'm, I'm not, not trying to be too negative, but I I've always looked at at other, you know, I, I think there's comedians who've done like great work late into their life and directors and novelists and stuff. You know, the, the number of people who recorded their best albums in their forties or fifties or sixties. It, the consensus would be, there's not a lot of people who have done that. So there's also some part of me that feels like, well, if you only get a certain number of songs in, in this life, like really wait for them, spread 'em out and you know, don't, don't rush through it.


You know? Right, Right. Who, who are the people that, that you look to, you know, whether musicians, artists, people that you, careers you look at and think Okay, that are there. Do you have people in mind sometimes and Yeah, sure. I mean, it's, last time I saw Bob Dylan here in LA at the Pente just theater, and he was touring his last album, which had that I know if you guys heard the, the 17 minute JFK song? Yes. Murder. Yes. Murder Most Foul. Yeah, I Did hear that. Yeah. And I thought that was just such a monumental achievement. And I thought, wow, this guy's, this is the best popular music ever recorded by an 80-year-old. He's pushing into territory we've never seen before.


So that, that was inspiring. But then, if I'm honest, I've always been really excited about stor. Like another famous songwriter of course is Leonard Cohen. Yeah. He, he, he had cool albums up until the end of his life. but I really think one of the reasons I was always the most interested in him was because he had that period where he went up Mount Baldy, you know, to study with his Zen teacher for like seven years. And I. And then I started to realize that I've always been so interested in people who take serious time off or people who kind of disappear for a while. In some ways those are like the most inspirational stories because sometimes they come back and do great work like Leonard Cohen and then sometimes they don't.


And even that's kind of cool. I find that inspiring too, just to know that it's possible. So you're telling me to go away? Yes. Just like seven years. I'll Be Ted. I haven't got seven years. No, but I I do understand completely what you're saying. And I always think about, I think about people in comedy. I think about that probably a lot more And I. Think about the people that have done consistently good work and you know, Steve Martin, Marty Short are doing, I I mean they're both faster than and funnier than most people I'm ever gonna meet.


Mm. And they've got a bunch of years on me. They don't want me to say how many, but they're 115 years old, individually not, not added up. And, and that always, I always looked to those people and Bob Newhart, who just passed was so funny. And throughout his career, starting in 1960 and going through all these different permutations, he was so smart and so funny and so quick right up to the end of his life, And I lived to be, I believe 96 and just passed away about two months ago. And I think I look to those people, And I think no, they, there is a way to do it. I think we live in a society where people think they have to be trending all the time.


And they have to be discussed all the time. And I think No I know exactly what you're talking about. People can have, they can have a little peak and then they can go away for a while and think and regenerate and then come up with something else. I get that. I like that. I mean, it's like when there's a, we Are the World documentary that, that was great. A lot of people watched it, really enjoyed it. And you see this moment, Bob Dylan in the mid eighties Yep. And that a lot of people remarked on, he seems so nervous and he, and it's, and maybe part of it is he felt like, does my voice sound good on this song? Whatever. But also part of it is that Bob Dylan in the mid eighties was releasing his least loved albums. Yeah. They always have some, a few great songs on them.


There's like some classic stuff. But, but either way he was, it probably felt a little bit random for him. You know, a guy who in the sixties and seventies crushed it so hard in the eighties, still trying to like, figure out how he could relate to the sounds of the day. And there he was surrounded by these people who were breaking new ground for how big an influential a pop star could be. Yes. Bruce Springsteen in the eighties, Michael Jackson, whatever. So how, of course that was like a weird moment for him in his life. And yet, you know, he consistently don don't know, he never really went away. He seems to like to work. He re-released tours a lot, releases albums, but you know, he just like kept on trucking and eventually he was back to releasing more loved albums.


But then you go back and you're like, that was cool work. I know what it felt like for him. Looked a little uncomfortable in, in the, in the documentary. Yeah. I think in The documentary too, he's around these people who can belt. Yes. And of course that's not Bob Dylan's thing. And so he's working with people who are, you know, kind of saying like, You don really hit this thing. He's like, don don't really, I don't do that. You know, and but you're right. You can take a snapshot of anybody at, you know, a moment in their career. Mm. And it doesn't tell you the whole story. You know, And I think it's why I'm always kind of fascinated. It sounds like I'm making a joke and I'm actually not.


I find obituaries to be one of the most interesting parts of the newspaper because they tell the whole story. Like there's going, there's no more story to this person. This person has passed and they're gone. And sometimes if it's a fascinating person, I read an obituary once, And, it was Stalin's daughter and she had lived this, I mean, she's born, she's living in the Kremlin's Stalin's her dad. She lives through all that. But then after he dies, she goes off and she becomes like a jet setter in London in the sixties. But then she ends up at the end of her life, after 15 different chapters, she ends up being this little old lady who's living in like a small hut in Montana.


And you think Montana that Yeah. Okay. Literally in Montana. I someplace in the, in, in the, you know, like in the plains and you look at the whole arc of her career And, it has like 75 different crazy improbable chapters. Right. And I thought that's a life I love, you know? Right. But you could take any one moment from it and not see the whole story if you just checked in on that one moment. Yeah, Totally. And I think what you're, what you're talking about is for musicians. You can check in on them at a moment and not see, not get the right picture of what they're up to or where they're going. Oh Yeah, of course. And then also the, you know, timing is everything. So like, you release an album, you do your best, you hope that people like it and judge it on its merits.


But of course, like when, when our first album came out, of course I'm very proud of that album. I think it's a great album. People still discover it today. So, but that was also a little bit of a moment where people were interested in bands from New York. Yeah. You know, it was also this moment when the major labels were a little bit confused. I always think of it as this brief historical period between, between Napster and Spotify, which kids today will never know about. Yeah. It was a really brief window. So it wasn't the nineties where people were buying CD's hand over fist, nor was it like the Empire Strikes back moment where the major labels were kinda like, oh, we know we actually know how to do this again. We figured it out. Yeah. It was a weird moment. And people were interested in, you know, what they called indie and you know, so again, I'm not taking anything away.


I'm very proud of the album, but it's good timing. Yeah. You know, if, if that, people always used to ask us questions like, does it ever bum you out that people are buying less CDs? Pretend it's like 2008. It doesn't, CD cells are way down. Do, do you wish you came out in 1998? And I? Just remember thinking, I have no idea what, how we would've fit in in 1998. It could have been way worse actually. Yeah. Why would I assume that in 1998 we would've been like Matchbox 20 or something. For all I know in 1998, it never would've gotten off the ground because So anyway, these moments, You guys would've had huge hair in the eighties. Right. Like be dancing with a snake, you know? Right. We, we might have been even more indie in 1998 and So. anyway, that's all to say that like there are these bigger moments, you know, the forces of reality that come and go and there's headwinds and tailwinds.


And at, at some point, you know, that's so much bigger than you I Know exactly what you're talking about because I was very crazily lucky to get into what I was doing in television in 93. But TV audiences start eroding rapidly about seven years into when I'm working on a big network and it's becoming more about cable and everything. And so you could have people say to me, don't you wish you had been come along, started in like 1958 and then you could have, you are like, this is this dumb question because right then I wouldn't get to do what I'm doing now. Or we wouldn't have videos online. So there was a time, if you took a snapshot of, of me in the late two thousands where you'd say, well this is just a terrible time to be trying to do this, be a late night talk show host because it's becoming whatever, if it's becoming less and less relevant or audiences are getting smaller.


But no, it was the perfect time. 'cause you could, you know, make it your own. So I understand exactly what you're saying. Yeah. And in that window, you, yeah. Was there another time, because you got to do like the, in the nineties, the, the sense of humor you had, would you have been allowed to do that in the sixties? I wasn't really Allowed to do it in the nineties. Okay. Yeah. People I worked for were not happy. There was a movement. Get me out their plan for a while. But, but yeah, it all, like I say, you have to your delta hand hand you're dealt and you, and I think we've both been really fortunate. You know, I, I think about Yes, you're right. There was a moment there. I think you are crazily talented and would have found your way in any era.


I always, one of the things that stands out about you, Ezra, is your ability to write a melody, I think is very rare. You write some beautiful melodic turns and throughout your music, and I've always, it catches me And, I And. it always reminds me how hard that is. I think that's a very difficult thing to do, and it's a rare gift. Oh, well, thanks. I mean, that's also, you know, I, I wait until I have a song where I feel like it's, it's got a, a melodic hook. And that's probably one of those things that, especially in pop music, like you can get pretty sophisticated with chords and stuff, but usually the people want something simple and memorable.


And, and a lot of my favorite music is, is like that. And yeah, I sometimes I can overthink stuff about what the production's supposed to be like or the, the references or the lyrics and stuff. But in some ways it's just either you have a good melody or You don't, and sometimes you gotta wait for it. But yeah, that, that's, it's the most fundamental thing without Like getting too technical. What's your process? Because your lyrics are so good and it's crazy to say they're literate, but they are, they're, they're very smart and they're really well crafted. And I think, okay, are you sitting down and write it? Do you get the melody first? Do you write that or can it happen in any order? Well, I just basically wanna know how to do this and I'm not leaving until you tell me. The truth is, I, I really don't know.


And that's why I'm not prolific. That's why even when there were times where I, you know, once or twice I wrote something that ended up being part of somebody else's thing. Like once there was this demo i I made with Diplo And, it turned into Beyonce song. So a lot of people were like, oh, do you wanna do like, more pop writing? And, and like, just deep down And, it was kind of ex an exciting idea, but deep down I just had this feeling like, ah, I can't don don't know if I can go subject. Some pop started just me sitting there and being like, now we wait. So, Because I don't have a lot of good ideas like this, certain songs, Oxford comma, I sat down at the piano at my parents' house, And I started, gives a fuck about an Oxford comma And I was like, oh, that sounds like something. Yeah.


And then since then I'm, it's, it's a good question. I'm trying to figure it out too, because I don't want there to be 10 years between every album. But the, the one thing I know that kind of works for me is when I have no inspiration or something, I just keep a running list of phrases. I come across words on my phone. So that way if I sit down at the piano or the guitar, And, I start playing something, nothing comes to mind. I can always scan that list and see, like, there's a song on the new album called Prep School Gangsters. There's a, the New York magazine cover story from the nineties. It's, it, it's kind of like a classic cover. And the phrase was always so like, funny and evocative to me. So, you know, once I've started working on something, I looked through list prep school, gangsters, And, it started to come together.


So that's, that's the only way I know. Do you ever think, okay, what if, God forbid you put all of your money into a bad theme restaurant and it's all gone and it's, and I'm, I'm gonna pitch you a theme restaurant when we're done here. And, I, And I. I really need you to put all your money into it. Okay. But do you ever think to yourself, what if I had to take this ability that you have this talent? I have And. I just had to make money to put food on the table. Mm. And I mean. I had people saying like, okay, Ezra, Wendy's wants a jingle. They want a jingle. Yeah. And it's a triple patty. Right. And the meat hasn't been frozen. Yeah. And, and they're using a new kind of cheese.


Yeah. And it's really fantastic. Called Lund Lader. You gotta give us something. And you're like, damnit, I, I want braces for my kids. I've gotta, I've gotta do that. I have to, I have to. I. do you ever think if you were in that position? I don't think you understand rock music. Oh, I do. Okay. And. it can be. Have you lit a lot of jingles? Have a have a, yeah. I guess I'd like to, to think that it push came to shove I can make Wendy's proud. And I. I, I'd like to think that, let's Get the Wendy's I know if you're listening in. Yeah. 'cause in, in some ways, maybe the, over the last 16 years, the thing that I've tried to protect and, and grow is my kind of artistic indie sensibility, because that's Sure.


What I've needed. Whereas in a, in ano, in an alternate lifetime, if I could have like, suppressed that and turned it into something more utilitarian, like Yeah. I like a challenge. Yeah. Once the, the, the director of the new Peter Rabbit movie asked me to write a song, And I was like, okay, let me, like, really try to think about what it means to write something for kids. Sure. Yeah. And the truth is, a lot of times when I've thought about what a, another job I'd like besides music, it, it has, it, it's been a little bit like marketing in, in the, in the food and beverage space. So I really would like to put together I can We're back Together. I can White Club. Yeah. White Claw. You're listening. Wendy's. I would never guess that your side hustle would, I just think the marketing of food and beverage is something that we need to get into.


And you're talking to the rest of the band guys, listen up. No, I bring it up. Because people talk about the great music of the sixties and obviously there was so much of it. What doesn't get mentioned a lot is I do think some of the best music of the sixties was television themes. Hmm. There, there are incredible, incredible television themes that came from sixties and seventies television. There's a lot of terrible ones, but the good ones are fantastic. They're just great scores. And you think that's people that were like, All. right. What are we doing today? You know? Right. Okay. It's, what's it called? It's called Mission Impossible. It's called Hawaii five. Oh, it's called the Wild Wild West.


It's called the Flint All. right. Let's go. Yeah. And they had to just churn it out. It's called F Troop. And you, but I And you think I'm kidding. Listen to those songs. They've, they, they're fucking crazily good. They're fantastic. Oh, Yeah, totally. And I. There's something inspiring about that. And also the, the, the, the songwriters of the, you know, twenties and thirties where that image of like a couple people in sweater vests sitting at the piano Yes. With the Grinding it out. Yeah. Grinding it out. Yeah. There, there is something really appealing about that Tin pan Alley. Yeah. Yeah. So I, I'd like to think that there, you know what it, what's tough is just like, I, it's, it's just the, the other side of the coin from what I've been doing. So maybe I've never really known how to, to how to kind of like, do both I've, and especially, Well, clearly You don't have to, and this is not something I'm suggesting But it is funny How thinking about it really, seriously No, you, but, but what's interesting to me is when I started my career in 1985 with my writing partner, Greg Daniels, we were put in a room on this TV show, it was called, not Necessarily the News, And I remembered early on, they just wanted little site gags from us.


Little visual, like non site gags that they could put music over that people could perform. And we would sit there and we would just grind on these things. And our desks faced each other. Like we were just two bankers grinding away. I went off to do all the weird stuff I've done, and Greg went off to do the American office and Parks and Recreation and King of the Hill. And he's just, you know, been this machine turning out all this great television. But we started out doing this very, Hey, you, you know, literally, like, I, I would picture someone just throwing a sandwich into the room. Right. And we, and then get back to work.


And, but I, I don't dislike that part of my career. But. it was write some jokes, write some gags. Come on you two, we'll shut the door. And, and at the end of the week, you better give us 75 gags All. right. We're on it. And that's, that's what it was. And so I've always been kinda fascinated by that side of things. And so I'd like to reach out. Love that. I'd like to reach out to Wendy's on your behalf. No, I, I love that. And even just the, the, that visual of the you guys is at the desk. I've always wanted more, a little more dustiness in, in my world. I there, at some point I became a little more mystical. And I felt like the Vampire Weekend's its own thing. It'll tell me when it wants the song as opposed to what you're talking about.


but I've always loved, in fact, there's, you know, the French band Phoenix? So I know them very well. And they were working on their last album a few years ago. And I happened to be in Paris. I went to visit them at the studio for that album. The studio was the Louvre. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. It sounds like you're just like making up French stuff. They somehow they had a connection and maybe 'cause it was po like the tail end of Covid. They Were a connection. They were, they were. Hey, you want the Louv? Yeah. Look at the Louv. You want the Louv. So, so literally you'd, you'd go to the Louv and you would enter the Arts and Decoration department and Yep. Somebody from the museum like, took me up.


I remember we walked, they were like, oh, that's Napoleon's chair. So I walked past Napoleon's chair, and then they were just in a room anyway. I, I'd never actually seen them working on an album. And they had a desk in the middle of the room with like four laptops as if they would just like, sit down at the desk. And there was something about I'd, I'd never seen anything quite like, it, it even just the, the just the spatially normally in a studio, you know, everybody's kinda looking at the screen. And so you're probably sitting, you know, when I work with, like, Ariel is the main producer I work with, you know, his back is to me, maybe I sidle up behind him a little bit, but these are just four guys at their laptops at a desk. It, it, for all, you know, they could have, it could have been like working on like a, a, a takeout app or something.


But there was something I but I remember at the time what They do also have a successful insurance company. Yeah. But I just, I just love that vision of just the University, Them sitting down at a desk. Like, what are we doing the same idea of just a couple people throwing around ideas? No, I I, well, first of all, we can get, I'm gonna make sure I'm gonna talk to Rashida. We're getting you a desk. Thank you. I can get you with a, an iron desk from the fifties. Oh, great. And I wanted to ask you about this because I know that you once compared your discography, your body of work to weed specifically certain albums having a different ratio of, you know, THC to CBD To CCB D.


That's right. Yeah. And I wanted to bring Sony in on this. Oh geez. Always Just 'cause you're right. Yeah. You cannot help me understand this, but explain to me, like, when you talk about your first album sake, and then maybe comparing it to only God was Above Us, your last album, what are we talking about here? How would you describe them in terms of ratio, the weed ratio To CCB D? Yeah. Well, the first album would probably be high C, B, D and, and the, the last album would be very like high THC. It's, it's a little, well, and this is my, you might have more experience than me, but when Yes. Sona has more experience than you. Okay. Yeah. But you look, we've had nine interventions with Sona.


Yeah. And she always leaves them. Yeah, yeah. And goes and gets more weed. I get high while you're doing it, you're like, cho chomp. Yeah. Just eating edibles. Yeah. I, I'm definitely not an expert. I, it probably whenever I did that interview, that might have just been, I was just trying to think of any, anything that has ratio, but I probably should have said chocolate and could have done, could have done cocoa versus Sugar. That might, That would've had like less connotations, you know, it could have done something worse too. So, you know what I mean? But, well, once, once I tried to make a rubric where I was trying to, you know, just anything to try to like think about where the band's going. And, and I've always believed every album should have a, a very different vibe. And, and so I, I've definitely thought about them on being on the spectrum of kind of like from preppy to goth.


So that was a useful, you know, which is Yeah. A useful rubric. And, and maybe a little bit like outdoorsy versus indoors. I don't know. I sure. And so, yeah, when I think of the first album, it's, it's extremely sunny And. it presents as Sunny And. it presents as Young And. it presents as fun. And I. Think every And, I, And I. do think there's like elements of darkness in there and maybe Oh yeah. But, But still, you know, it's, it's, it's about how it presents. So when I think of the, the current album in many ways, it, it kind of feels like the, the inverse of the first album. It's also a kind of like reflective New York album But.


it probably has, you know, the, the t the inverse THC to CB, D ratio. I'd like to figure out the ratio on this podcast, you know. Oh. Do you know what I mean? Are we a, are we a mellow? Are we a mellow? Do we mellow you out this podcast? Or do we Anyone can weigh in here. Oh, like what the Hybrid version of wheat Is? Yeah. What are we, yeah. Are is this a I Think we're mostly THCI think it's just like we're, What're what does that, I don't even know what that means. We're tripping to THC is what gets you high. Okay. C, b, D is what, like, makes you, let's like, you know, c, b, d ointment, if you have like an ache, relax. It's not Yeah. It's, it doesn't, it doesn't, Yeah. Late. Wait. You also partake of the, of the ganja.


There's A little meth in there. Yeah. Yes. There's a little meth. Maybe that's more of The interest. We're very methy. Yeah. Very. We, I think we are very methy Meaning, so we're That tweaky cousin who doesn't have teeth. Do you, When you say we are very methy. I think I'm I know, I'm meth. I think if you're looking at the podcasting industry as a whole, we are the Methy cousin. It Sona. CBD, goly, THC. And you're the, you're the meth. Yeah. Yeah. I, this and I'm saying Talked rapper. We're the rapper. I've talked about that. Yeah. You're a, we're the papers, you're a wrapping paper. No, I've had, I've told you I've talked about this. I had a doctor tell me that he, you know, let's talk about your cocaine use And.


I was like, I've never done cocaine in my life. And he said, you've gotta be honest with me. I'm your doctor now. Yeah. He just took that from the way I behave. Yeah. Not, not based on your blood work, just your Yeah, no, no. Your demeanor. I've never done. Yeah. And then after hot ones, everyone, the hot ones were, people just think, oh, don don't know what he's doing. He's probably having a, you know, meth enema every night. You Seem like you're able to chill and you like to chill. Like you're, you're able to relax. Yeah. You're able To. Yeah. I've, I've, I've had to, I've had to learn how to do it a little bit. I said in the interview, when we were first releasing the album, that some people seem to enjoy and some people made fun of me for, but I said, and my passion in life is chilling And.


it really is. And I kind of even remember as when the band started getting going and things got kind of intense. I even back then, I remember thinking, I hope there's a time in later in my life where I can chill more. I I'm still waiting on that. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm working on it. But maybe you'll be my Yeah. I want, I want you Ezra to be my spirit animal. Maybe stop taking cocaine. Yeah. Yeah. I'll, I'll, it's just so good. I'll, I'll Show up at your house in some white phone and I'll, I'll show you how to chill. but I, I really needed to learn how to I bet, I bet you've never in, in your adult life had time as much time off as I I've had, which, which I have Not. And, I, And, I haven't had wander around time. Like, and, and, and that's not just because, I mean, my career has been a lot of it, but also kids and this wife with her demands.


But I, that's Liza. But yeah. Just demanding you get over here. That's exactly how she sounds. She's the voice of the Velociraptor in God. Yeah. It's true. True story. God. Spielberg was like, that's it, Liza, I love you. And people are laughing because it's the exact opposite of who you are. But. anyway, I would like to, I I do aspire to that too. And there are times when we shoot these tra that I do travel shows now. And when I shoot those, there'll be times where I'm like, in Dublin and, or I'm, you know, or I'm, I'm, I'm in don don't know. I'm in some foreign land. I'm in Norway.


I'm, I'm, and I'm walking around and there's a little downtime and I'm walking around And, I just love kind of being someone else. Do you know what I mean? You're just walking and you're going and getting a cup of coffee and you're in a, a place you've never been before. You'll probably never be again. Oh Yeah. Have to do that all the time on tour. When Rashida was shooting that show in Japan. That's right. We lived there for six months. Yeah. And so, you know, she's working a crazy TV schedule. Our son was in school. I didn't know that many people, And I. I didn't particularly feel motivated to go, like, set up a studio or something. So Yeah. I, I realized all you really need is, you know, obviously people need a little bit of like, something to move towards in life. And I realized it could literally just be a coffee shop that's an hour and 20 minutes away.


Right. You walk there, you get the coffee, read a little bit, walk back. That's most of the day. You know what I mean? What speed are you walking there? There were so many. Well, I, I always felt like the classic day in, in Tokyo would be like, I bet you Taking a step. Like I'd take our son to school and then I, I would walk to this old school vinyl bar. This one's from the twenties that only plays classical music called Lion in Shibuya. I'd walk there, it was about like an hour and a half walk. I would get there, have a coffee read for an hour, and then maybe do something in the neighborhood, then walk back so easily that could turn into four and a half or five hours. Wow. Maybe you get back home at that point.


It's like 5:00 PM Yeah. At 5:00 PM you're allowed to say, I did the day. Sure. You know, you start thinking about dinner and stuff like that. Oh, throwing, going to the gym in the same day. That's the whole day. Wow. That sounds amazing. And it felt And. it And. it did. But, but even then, even being somewhere like cool, like Tokyo, like you do that every single day. Like a little, the novelty of being somewhere different wears off. Yeah. And then you really just have to focus in on, on how much you really love chilling. You have to find the love. Well, you're talking to the chill hums. Yeah. We're here. We know about chilling, we chill and yeah. I think my lesson in life is that no matter you can be in the most beautiful place in the world, you can be in Rome, you can be in Venice, you can be in Florence.


And if you're there long enough, one day you're gonna go, I gotta get out of this dump. Right. Yeah. All this Italian food and beautiful. Ezra, I'm gonna let you go, but it's been really fun talking to you. Thanks so much for having me. I'm a, I'm a fan. I'm an admirer. Likewise. And I love getting to talk to really cool, creative people that do things I do not understand. So, oh, thanks. You're that. Thanks category. So we'll see you next time. See you next time. I'm getting you a desk, by the way. It's coming tomorrow.


I think I'm a pretty chill person. Sona. But there's one thing that freaks me out. Yeah. When I have to wait a long time for Furniture I know You ever have that happen? All the time. If you hate waiting for furniture. Have you met all modern? I have. Yeah. Aren't they great? I Really actually, I, I'm, I really like all Modern. All modern brings you the best of modern furniture and they deliver it for free in days, not weeks, days. Waiting weeks for your order to arrive isn't ideal. Especially when you've just moved. You wanna be sitting around in an empty apartment? No. Get your sofa. ASAP. That means as soon as possible. Thanks. From all modern and sit comfortably while building out the rest of your space. That's modern made simple. Let me explain at all. Modern, you'll find only the best of modern styles. From Scandy to mid-century minimalist to Maximalist. Every piece is hand vetted for quality and designed for real life. Shop the best of modern outdoor furniture, Thomas Decor and everything in between. Find timeless designs in every style that fold function and fun all at once. From smile decor swaps to full room revamps all modern has you covered Baby Shop online@allmodern.com or visit them in store in Linfield and Dedham, Massachusetts. Hey, I was a summer camp counselor in Dedham. So cool. Or in Austin, Texas where I wasn't a summer camp Counselor.


Are you a chronic interrupter incapable of letting other people talk? Do those people ask how do you sleep at night? Then you should go to Mattress. Firm. They have 120 night sleep trial so you can get your money back if a bed's not right. That way anyone, even someone like you can sleep get matched at Mattress Firm sleep at night. Restrictions apply. See, store our website for details.


You know what's nice? In the old days, if you wanted a cinematic experience, you had to go to the movie theater. Yeah. You had to get your ass to a movie theater. Not anymore With Samsung Ole, you get a full cinematic experience without leaving your couch. There's actually a brand new Samsung ole here in Team Coco studio. And it's tough to say. Focused on podcasting when the picture quality is this good. I'm always losing track. Oh, I'm supposed to be interviewing one of the great people in history. And I. Start drifting away from them. I've noticed. 'cause I'm looking at the amazing picture on the Samsung oled. Yeah. You dropped the ball a lot. Yeah, maybe. Yeah. Yeah. The AI powered processor upscales your favorite content in brilliant 4K resolution. you get to experience colors on a TV as they're meant to be seen, because this is the only OLED TV validated by the industry leading color experts at Pantone Plus on OLED S 95 D, you get OLED glare free technology so you can watch everything you love with nearly no glare. I can't stand glare. I hear you. When there's glare. I can't even see the picture. Yeah. Gamers, depiction gamers. You're covered too. Hey gamers. Don't worry. What's that? Gamers, you're covered too. Oh really? Yes. Motion Accelerator 144 Hertz delivers ultra smooth motion and AI auto game mode till is your game settings to its genre. Speaking of gaming, you know we're gonna be filming another Clueless game or play. What game are we playing this time? I like To surprise you, so I don't want to tell you. We're also narrowing the games down. So if you out there have an idea of a game you want us to play, go to Team Coco podcast on Instagram and leave us a comment and we might pick that game. Can't wait to see how great this game looks on the Samsung OLED tv. And I'm just gonna add, it's AI powered upscaling. That's right. Stay tuned for the next Clue Gamer releasing late November experience TV the way it's meant to be seen with Samsung oled. Visit samsung.com/oled to learn more. Upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experiences may vary according to types of content and format


As teased in the intro to this episode, we thought we might do some alternate historical timelines. And Sona just pitched D-Day as a nice little boat ride. What you call it. Maybe they were, they thought, Hey, we're gonna go on boats. It's a boat ride And no, they're headed to the beach. Yeah, they're gonna the beach everybody. It's beach day. What happened was, it was a, everybody, it was a a, a very large beach picnic and then it got, it got rowdy. Is that what you're saying? Yeah. That's why, why most of 'em were in trunks and they had towels with them. They Did not have trunks and towels. Yes, they did. They did. That's What I heard. This is a, first of all, apologies to all the amazing heroes Yeah.


Who gave up their lives, Especially the ones that are still living and listening. Yeah, That's true. We probably have a couple of, God, they would be almost a hundred years old now. There's were there. Yeah. A few s their hearing's not so Good. Yeah. They'd be so mad. What? We weren't there for a Vacation. So you're saying alternate history, meaning, because earlier we were talking about how just exploring other possibilities. Yeah. Or maybe a better or easier explanation for why things went down the way they did. Oh Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Right, right. So we haven't discussed this. We're just gonna Brainstorm, start. All the things in my mind are so, Come on, don't censor go. Just go. Just go.


I mean the, the Manson murders, my, they thought it was their house. Okay. Oh, what? They thought it was their house. And that's what you do when you walk into a house and other people were there. You start Sona. This is why I wanna censor myself. Maybe He was an Avon lady. Yeah. Okay. Alright. He was there to show them how to put on foundation. This isn't happening. No, I am telling you. I wanted to stop talking. I, you guys told me not to censor myself. I wanted you to stop talking 15 years ago. I Know. But this is, this was the whole, you did the whole Lincoln thing. Yeah. But that's, it's been enough time. Oh, these are fresh. Yeah, they're fresher. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They're fresher. I went back to, so What's, what's the time?


How, what's the cutoff? What. Is. It. I think the cutoff should be 1865. Oh, come On. I think anything later than that or not involving death and murder, I know That's the problem. You know what I mean? I mean, that's a tragedy. The Those are tragedies you're talking about. They're awful. Yeah. They're terrible. And so I'm distancing myself from you and what you said. What? I Thought we were spit balling here. This is just us do doing it baby. Oh my God. Oh my God. We wanna alternate history for this. Yeah. Okay. Hey, I am spit bowing here, baby. Hey Dario. Yeah. There's an alternate universe where Sona is a comedy writer at SNL. Hey babies. I'm spit bowing here and Lauren's like, who is this? la Who is this woman?


Hey, just spit bowing here. Lauren. Hey Cat. Hey. Catio. Caio. What you mean? Caio? Oh, give us some more. Give us some more. But do them as that guy. Yeah. You know, just like, but all the ones that I have are not good. So we can't do that. Wait, we're talking alternate histories. Yes. Well, you, first of all, I'm the one who knows the least about history. This Is why yours is the best. Yeah. I know because yours are great. Mine are all from this century. I don't, I mean, I Can't wait. Go ahead. Like the Salem witch trials or, oh, that's good. Great depression. Salem Witch trials. Great depression. A great depression. Nobody Died. Alternate. That alternate history of the Great Depression.


It was Okay. I think it was a soup craze. A hot, there we go. There we go. I think the Great Depression. Sure there was some financial distress, but suddenly all across America, everybody really wanted hot soup. Yeah. And they were willing to line up for it. Yeah. In the cold to get it. And the fashion trend was holes In your shoes. Holes in your shoes. Yeah. And also, people wanted to like, I feel self-conscious riding trains in the car. I wanna be out where, out where the luggage goes, I wanna ride the rails. Yeah. So that would be another alternate history is it was a soup craze that turned That's good. And yeah. And people, people's pockets were stuffed with cash.


Yeah. But they were just lined up for soup. Boy. My dad lived through the depression. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. The real one. Well, he was, yeah. Yeah. My dad's. What Do you mean? Oh, the, not the soup, Please. No, no. He didn't just want soup. He was like in The depression. He has told me everyone was fine. We just went soup crazy. He said we were nuts for this stuff. He said it's like if you've got, if you've got the ies, if you're a little thirsty and a little hungry, and we said we all, we were all doing the Charleston one minute. And then someone said, I need soup. And everybody went soup nuts soup.


Crazy. Soup to nuts. That's where they all went. They all lined up. Oh no. And when you're lined up for a long time, your clothes get beat up. People were like, we should probably put on our rich fur coats. Nah, we'll lose our place in line for soup. Yeah. So we look a little ratty Now. What ended it all, world War II came along and killed the soup craze. Yeah. People just got over soup. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Then it was time, you know, the minute Glen Miller started tune, started hitting them, everyone was like the soup thing's over. Things come and go. And everyone was into Malteds. Banana splits. Phosphates. Phosphates in egg cream. Yeah. What A what a weird an egg cream. Never. What did they call it? Where you were when I was a kid in growing up in the Boston area, older people called a chocolate soda.


They called it a A frap. F-R-A-P-P-E. I don't think we have, have you heard that? I've never heard. but I mean. but I heard it in a modern sense. Like a Frappucino. Yeah. But they called it a frap. And I. Just remember thinking at the time, what's going on. And then I heard that in New York, they would call it an egg cream. I've heard of egg creams, but I don't think any of these really got west. We were too smart for that. Sorry, you just called it a milkshake or something? Yeah, Just called it what it was. And is it frap or frappe? Well, I Don know. I think it's frappe because doesn't it have a little be on top of it? Yeah. De What. Is. It called. Oh yeah. Okay. Okay. Well I did it. But you guys knew what I was talking about though when I said that There's a theory that in podcasts it's all good.


It's true. We're just riffing and it's all good. And you know what? It's not. And Yet it is and It's not. And yet it is a babu. No, we can't. We can't. This one can't go out. It's already gone out. Okay. It's already gone out. Yeah. Okay. People are hearing this. You forget How these are as I speak All, right? Yeah. Yeah. So your fun riff about the murders by the Mansons is, is out. I thought we were doing a rewriting of his. I'm the only one who came here with ideas. Well, You two dicks sat back, didn't you didn't come with ideas and watched me flower. First of off. You didn't come with ideas. You didn't throw it. You started, you said, I'm gonna riff baby. Let's spitball. It's Terrible. I thought we were rewriting stuff.


Yeah. We gotta end this. This can't go out. This Can't go out. Yeah, this can't go out. Okay. You're gonna send this one out, aren't you? Oh yeah. Jesus Christ. I mean, I don't want to have to record a new segment and wasteful this. Awful. Yeah. Who am I introducing? This is not intro. This isn't an intro. This Is a segment. In fact, we even covered that. This is a segment because it's carrying on from the same episode From the intro. And wait, and what am I doing here? I don't know. You know what? I was on television. I I was on television. But don't you know that was as high as I thought I could get. People took you off television and literally put you in a padded room with a team of nurses in disguised as podcast. Took Me off the television.


They did. They put me in here. Notice you drinking tea and soft foods. I know you're on a farm. I know I've been put down. I'm sorry. I'm like an old horse. They said, come over here on a padded room. Come over here. And then you cut to a bottle of Elmer's Glue. A alternate Conan history. He's actually in a padded room, not doing a podcast. I just, I, that's crazy. I have, and you gotta keep that in too, because I have no idea how this podcast works or what we're doing. You don't need to worry about a grand. I'm a chimp. I'm a chimp. You guys put in a room and when I throw my poop at the wall, you just, you record it, you sell it, you sell it. All. right. Well, hope you enjoyed What. Is. It. A podcast. Oh, I know radio show.


Not, not at this point. It's gone. Okay, All. right. Well, that's the end of this Seru Baby. And now will you introduce Eser Kanick? We just did that. I know. I know I'm joking. Oh Fuck Jesus. Funny joke. You can't joke with people of my vintage like that Quickly. You've gotta get out of here. The house is on fire. I'm on my way. Kidding. Ha ha. All. right. Peace out. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes.


Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick, talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista, and Brit Khan. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at siriusxm.com/ Conan. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded,


Net credit is here to say yes to a personal loan or line of credit when other lenders say no. Apply in minutes and get a decision as soon as the same day loans offered by net credit or lending. Partner banks and service by net credit application subject to review and approval. Learn more at net credit.com/partner. Net credit credit to the people.


If there's Anything better than getting a few of your favorite things from McDonald's, it's getting a few of your favorite things from McDonald's for less in the McDonald's app. Delicious. And what could be better than two of your favorites for 3 99? Like the four piece McNuggets McDouble or Hot and Spicy McChicken? So stop in for twice. The delicious prices and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.