Firehouse Subs (3s):
How hot do you like it? Firehouse Subs is churning up the heat. They've teamed up with hot ones to create two new sandwiches. The zesty garlic hook and ladder is the milder option. Can you believe that? Those still packed with flavor. And for the bravest spice chasers, the spicy dill hook and ladder sandwich is sure to be a three alarm ion. Well, Sona bla, you guys sampled the wares today? We did, yes. You had yourself those hook and ladder sandwiches. How were they? They were great. And they had a kick. Yeah, They did. I, I did the zesty garlic hook and ladder. Oh. And, and I loved it. I took a walk in the wild side with the spicy dill hook and ladder and it was great. I loved it. Well, I'm glad you guys enjoyed yourselves. Find out how hot you like it. Try the zesty garlic and spicy deal. Hook and ladder at Firehouse Subs. For a limited time, life doesn't go on forever. You gotta grab the moment, dude. Visit Firehouse subs.com to find a restaurant near you. Individuals sensitive to spice or the Carolina Reaper Pepper should not consume this spicy dill hook and ladder. Limited time at participating Firehouse Subs restaurants.

Sport Clips (1m 15s):
Hey guys, spring cleaning time. Let's start with your mop, because that overgrown winter hair ain't doing you any favors. You look like Mo from the Three Stooges. It's sport. It's an old reference, but look it up. It's Sport Clips. Haircuts. They've got pro stylists who know men's hair TV's playing sports 24 7 in a place boat for guys. That's right guys. To get a great cut without the hassle. No appointments, no stress. You just wander in fresh cut in a place that's made for you Dudes. Yeah, bros. Yeah. High fives all around. So shake off that winter scruff and step into spring looking fresh 'cause they got you covered bra sport clips. It's a game changer.

3 (2m 6s):
Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started.

1 (2m 16s):
Hey everybody, Conan O'Brien here and we're gonna try something a little different In this short time that I've been doing, Conan O'Brien needs a friend. I've just been delighted. I'm having an absolute blast and it's working. I'm actually making some nice bonds and friendships with a lot of different people. But what occurred to me is all these people have one thing in common, they're celebrities. And I thought it might be nice to try making friends with average folk, people out there in the world. Civilians, not celebrities, just talk to the people who make this great country we call the United States America, or even people from other countries.

1 (2m 59s):
It doesn't matter. Let's just talk to some regular folk and then hope, hope desperately that they become celebrities.

4 (3m 7s):
Oh my

1 (3m 8s):
God. That's the concept. What do you guys think? That's horrible. Yeah. I'm all Why? Why is, why is that horrible? It's very important to me that eventually they become celebrities. So

5 (3m 17s):
You don't have time for anybody that would live their whole life as a regular Joe, as

4 (3m 22s):
A folk

1 (3m 24s):
Who, who would do that? What kind of monster would choose that life? Oh no, seriously. I really do. I do wanna, and especially I have to say, a lot of this comes out of this last year. Let's get outside this bubble, this this celebrity bubble that we're trapped in. I'm not trapped in a celebrity bubble.

5 (3m 43s):
No, I'm not even

1 (3m 44s):
Adjacent to Oh God. Oh God. No, I didn't mean either. Either of you. Oh God, no. Oh, okay. Oh, no, no, no. Oh, please. Oh, oh, oh. How embarrassing. Oh, oh, I'm covering my mouth. I'm laughing. Oh, because I mean,

5 (3m 54s):
We don't even do a podcast with a celebrity. So how would we do?

6 (3m 58s):
Oh, snap. Snap Dity. Ouch. I'm looking Ouchie Ouchie.

1 (4m 3s):
I'm looking it up. Death. I'm looking it up. I am looking it up. Yes, I am a celebrity. I just looked it up. You Google it? Yeah. I am a blister, but I am a celebrity, so of Oh, okay. I am a solid bee. I'm a solid B list celebrity and I'm proud of it. And if Love Boat, were still on the air. I could, I wish I could, I could potentially be a guest. Oh God. Not the first guest, but like the third guest who's the comic relief guest who stowed away.

5 (4m 34s):
I would kill to see you on Love Boat.

1 (4m 36s):
Yes. And, but anyway, this is, this is something I wanna do and I'm really looking forward to it. And I don know. We're just gonna give it a try and see how it goes. Yeah, this

5 (4m 47s):
Is, Conan O'Brien needs a fan and it'll be out weekly in addition to the regular episode. So just an extra special treat. And we might as well get to our first guest. Are you guys ready? Yeah,

1 (4m 57s):
I am very ready.

5 (4m 59s):
Conan, please meet Donovan who is a minor league professional wrestler.

1 (5m 3s):
Wow, Donovan, very nice to talk to you. Where are you coming from? Donovan? Where are you?

7 (5m 8s):
I am in Michigan right now from Montreal.

1 (5m 11s):
Do you consider yourself a Canadian? No,

7 (5m 13s):
No, I'm from

1 (5m 14s):
Michigan. Oh, you're from Michigan. Yeah.

7 (5m 15s):
Sorry, I probably said that wrong. My wife is from Montreal.

1 (5m 19s):
Wait, yeah, I'm confused already. You are from Michigan. You've married someone who's from Montreal. Yes,

7 (5m 25s):
Exactly. Okay. So I'm in the process of getting my permanent residency there.

1 (5m 30s):
Oh, okay. You're going to move to Montreal?

7 (5m 32s):
I'm going, yes.

1 (5m 33s):
Okay. Yeah. Well, that's all the time we have. Thank you. So Donovan, you are a professional wrestler, is that right? Yes. Okay. Now help me because I know of a type of professional wrestler that has a character and I don't know, are you a professional wrestler who's really wrestling and using wrestling moves and it's not that fun to watch? Or are you a prof, a wrestler who's also kind of a performer and has a a character?

7 (6m 1s):
I am a character. Actually, I have a picture If you wanna see it. It's, oh, that's

1 (6m 6s):
My God. Okay. Well we are a podcast, so I'm gonna describe it. Yeah, sorry. You're sort of demonic looking. You, you, you just showed me a picture of what looked like a very fierce, evil demonic wrestler.

7 (6m 18s):
Yes. So I go by demon moniker, very nice, very evil because nobody likes somebody who's too evil. So I in introduce the nice part of it. So then they buy into it and I can trick them.

1 (6m 27s):
Okay. Very nice. Very evil.

7 (6m 29s):
Often I get described if somebody a demon possessed you actually,

1 (6m 34s):
Oh, a demon possessed me.

7 (6m 36s):
If Cohen and O'Brien was possessed by a demon, that's what it gets described as. 'cause I'm heavily influenced by you rather than other wrestlers.

1 (6m 45s):
Yes. You mean of the wrestlers, I'm the one that's influenced you the most. Yes,

7 (6m 49s):
Yes, of course.

1 (6m 50s):
That's fantastic. Describe then a demonic Conan O'Brien as a wrestling character. What, what are you using? Some of my moves. Is it my attitude? Does your character have, You know, sort of little beaty eyes and thin lips and sharp cheekbone?

7 (7m 11s):
Yes. Yeah. I don't have the height, but I have, I utilize, so I pour teeth in my opponent's mouths to disorient them. Pour

1 (7m 19s):
A what in their mouth?

7 (7m 20s):
Teeth. Human

1 (7m 21s):
Teeth. You pour human teeth into the mouth. That's amazing. I love how that's, people see that and go, oh, that is so Conan. That

7 (7m 28s):
Is, no, no, no. It's just, I think it's the presentation. 'cause I, in, I take a lot of like Simpson's references and references from you and just eighties horror movies. And I pull it all together because these, these are the things that I like. So I included it into the character because wrestling should be fun. Yes. Wrestling. Are you just saying it shouldn't

1 (7m 47s):
Be worth? Yeah,

7 (7m 47s):
It's No,

1 (7m 49s):
No. So, okay. Your, one of your standard moves is to pour loose teeth into the mouth of your opponent to confuse and disorient them. What are some of your other moves? Yes,

7 (7m 60s):
And I kick him right in the mouth. I have the go to sleep, which I call the goodnight hausen. I had hausen. My, my wrestling name is Dan Hausen and I add hausen to everything to make it all about me.

1 (8m 12s):
That's very, that's very coated. Okay. That's very nice, Matt. Yeah, I love that you just add hausen to things. So it's so goodnight. Hausen is like a goodnight move. Yes.

7 (8m 20s):
And I popped them up off my shoulders and I knee them in the face. Okay. That's my finishing.

1 (8m 24s):
Well, you knee them in the face hausen the face. Yes, exactly. Sorry.

7 (8m 28s):
Like if, if I were talking to you, I'd call you Conan Hausen. I had house to the end of

1 (8m 34s):
This is fantastic. You're I'm delighted by you. Yeah. You're, I'm delighted by this foolishness. And that you've like me dedicated your life to absolute idiocy. This is fantastic. Now, are you a good wrestler? Are you a good athlete? Yeah,

7 (8m 51s):
But that doesn't matter. No one cared when I was just a good wrestler. They cared. Once I switched and put on makeup and started acting goofy and doing Simpson's references in the middle of matches. And like, I stole the Mr. Burns hop in. But with, I brought a tiny airplane to the ring and I told my opponent to hop in and I had three, 400 people chanting, hop in at this guy.

1 (9m 15s):
How successful have you been? It sounds like, is this growing? Do you feel like Dan Hausen is becoming a, a bigger and bigger character?

7 (9m 24s):
Yes, absolutely. Since I've switched this, which is about two years ago and about a year full of doing this actual character. I've been wrestling for eight years. Once since I've switched this, it's just like snowballed more and more and more. And now I have a shirt and hot topic and I've gotten signed to like a TV company and they're just like, go do your weird stuff. Like do it. That's have fun. Be Dan Hausen. That's, that's what we need. I

1 (9m 48s):
Wanna be a part of Dan Hausen world, You know? Don't you see that Matt and Son? Yes. Like, I wanna maybe do some sort of, I wanna tape a video. I seriously wanna do something where you're in the ring and then I appear and I'm either for you or against you. Do You know what I mean? Yes. Or you're my long lost son. We've, we've gotta, we've gotta somehow get into, I wanna get into the lore of Dan Hausen. I, I, do You know what I mean? I wanna be part of it. What would you do with me? I

7 (10m 16s):
I oh with you. I would, I would call us both legendary. Late night for one.

1 (10m 22s):
Guess what? There's a lot of those now. There's literally like 600 in America, so he might want to come up with something cooler. This,

7 (10m 29s):
This character is all about himself. He's all about making sacks of money. I call them. Yes. I carry around a, a money sack. I pulled it out after I won my contract on TV and I revealed it from my cape. And

1 (10m 42s):
I pulled

7 (10m 44s):
A, I pulled a $20 bill and I said, look at these millions. And he threw it.

1 (10m 49s):
Would we actually fight? And first of all, You know, I know how to handle myself, wife. Wait a minute. Oh, come on son. You need a minute. I'm fairly athletic. I I can take a punch and I I and I, I love to fake fight. And so if I entered the ring, would we start out being friends? But then I would think that you had gotten too cocky and I would attack Dan Hausen. What would happen?

7 (11m 12s):
Maybe I, I think I do this thing where I, I try to punch people in the groin Yeah. Right before the bell rings so I can just pin them without doing any work. Yeah. So I don't think I would do that. 'cause people know that I love Conan. Right? Like, as a character, it's very public that I love Conan. And that's one of Dan ha's idols. So I don't think they would think that they'd probably be taken back If you did it

1 (11m 32s):
That. Okay. How about this? Lemme pitch you this. 'cause I'm really into this. All right. So Dan Hausen, you're fighting your foe. He starts to get the better of you. He starts to win. He grabs the bag of teeth and starts to pour them into your mouth. Oh, he steals your sock of money. Yes. Oh, he punches you in the groin. It's all going badly. When all of a sudden the music changes, fog machines go on and I appear, I come down on wires and it's me and I'm there to save Dan Hausen. And I

7 (12m 1s):
Think the crowd would go nuts.

1 (12m 4s):
I, I hope so. What if the crowd's just like, all right, okay, there's Conan, I guess. Cool. Let's see what he's got. All right, well, let's go, let's, if we go early, we can beat the traffic in my mind before I go on. That's what I think. That's the reaction I always think I'm gonna get. If I leave now I can beat the traffic. I, I want in on the Dan Hausen world. I really do. Donovan. Yeah. Well,

7 (12m 27s):
I I would love that. If that's a possibility. That's like the ultimate guest for Goodnight Housing with Dan Hausen.

1 (12m 34s):
You know what I've always said? If there's a way that I can be involved with Goodnight Hausen, with Dan Hausen, I want in Hausen. And right now, Hausen not tomorrow, Hausen, but today Hausen. I'm not fucking around Hausen. I'm serious housing. So let's make this happen. Hausen. Let's sign a contract. Hausen, I wanna get paid. Hausen.

7 (12m 55s):
Yes. We'll pay you in a wonderful sack of human money.

1 (13m 0s):
There's only one kind of money. He, there's only human money. No animal uses money. He

7 (13m 8s):
Has no, he has no idea. He just knows. It gets you power.

1 (13m 11s):
Yeah. Wow. That's, that's very exciting. Well, You know what? I think you're gonna do well, I, I love that you're going to Canada. 'cause I, I, I don't say this just to suck up to Canada, but I, I love, I love Canadians and I think they're like the funniest, one of the funniest countries in the world. They're really funny people. So I think, and they really love nuanced, like weird kooky comedy and they've always been so nice to me. So I love that you're going to Montreal. I think that's great.

7 (13m 36s):
Thank you. Yeah, it's been exciting and a lot of work.

1 (13m 38s):
Donovan, you have my blessing and thank you. I will figure out a way to enter your, the world of Dan Hausen. I will.

7 (13m 44s):
Please do. I would lose my mind and so would my fans. I it'd be crazy. All

1 (13m 49s):
Right. Well Sona, you make sure we, you'll follow up.

6 (13m 51s):
We'll follow up on this. Oh, I'll follow up on this.

1 (13m 53s):
Yes. We'll follow up on this'll.

6 (13m 55s):
I'm really excited about it. I'll up on this. Yes.

7 (13m 57s):
Thank you. All right. Thank you for doing this. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

1 (13m 59s):
No problem. Hey, really nice to meet You Donovan. Nice

7 (14m 1s):
Meeting you too. Nice meeting you all. Nice meeting you.

8 (14m 3s):
Thanks

Airbnb (14m 3s):
Donovan. Airbnb, man. That's what kids are doing now. Yeah. Bla you like your Airbnb, don't you? Yeah, It, it's great because when I go on a, You know, I'm gonna go back to Michigan for about three weeks. Yep. And my place is just sitting there empty. Might as well make some scratch. Why not? Yeah. Scratch is money, right? Like Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Great. Some greenbacks. And it's nice because you're gonna go stay in Michigan. That's right. That's where you're from. But why not make some money off your pad? Exactly. I'm staying with my mom. No one's staying in my place. Let's, let's, let's get some money from it. And it's a good feeling to know that your place is being used, it's being enjoyed and you're getting paid for it. Yeah. And I Got a cool place. Yeah. You know, like, I, I went to this bachelor party last year in Miami. Remember when I went to that bachelor party that Was I heard it was Wild. And I, I wasn't even invited. I just was, I saw that there was a bachelor party and I went in. I have nobody my age getting married. Amazing. Yeah. And it just was so great. But I made sure that I rented out my home, You know, before I went to the bachelor party that I wasn't invited to. And it was a good feeling. Great. Made some money. Not a great feeling to be asked to leave the bachelor party. Yeah. Think about it. If you host while you're traveling, it's a great way to offset some of the costs of your trip. And If you get a big year of travel ahead of you, hostings a Pretty cool and unique way to make some money back. And then you can buy that special travel purse you want. Or man bagg or Yeah. Purse 2025 is the year to be financially savvy. So don't leave money on the table when you travel. Your home might be worth more than you think. Find out how much at Airbnb dot com slash host

Nissan (15m 29s):
the all new Nissan Armada Pro. Four X is an unshakeable fortress powered by a twin turbo V six engine. Yeah. Ready to propel your adventures to new heights. Yeah. Your voice changes when you do a car. A I'm trying to, I'm trying to become Will Arnett. Oh, okay. But I can't do it. He's like, oh, new Nissan Armada Pro Fourex. No, listen, I'm gonna, I'm gonna explain this car to you. 'cause this car is fantastic. It's Max 8,500 pound towing capacity has the power to haul all your favorite toys on your next big adventure. You could steal the Statue of Liberty with this. It's incredible. I'm not saying do that. I'm just saying this thing that's a lot of Holland power. Nobody gets left behind with the Armada Pro Four X's premium interior that seats up to eight passengers. That's crazy. I don't know. Eight people going big. Never goes outta style. No terrain is too tough for the all new Nissan Armada Pro four x the most capable armada ever built, built for the most rugged of terrain. The all new Nissan Armada Pro. Four X gives you freedom to explore further

FanDuel (16m 42s):
This bracket season. FanDuel is letting you make the call. 'cause right now, new customers can get $200 in bonus bets when your first $5 bet wins. You hear me? That's 200 extra binos to bet on. Everything from clutch shots to last second heartbreaks and even who's cutting down the nets. If you've been waiting to join, there's no better time. There's turn action not slang for tournament almost every day. And FanDuel has amazing bet types like spreads totals, game props, and so much more. I know all about this. You do? Oh, I'm a real, it sounds like it. I'm a real Beto. I'm, I'm, I'm excited because Michigan State, which is my team, I I think they're gonna go all the way. They're number one in the big 10. Yes. Yes. Let's go all the way. You know what? Don't shake your head, Eduardo. Listen. You are all Michigan. All the way. You're always That's right. Ever since I've known you, which is like 20 some odd years. That's right. You've been babbling about Michigan. This Michigan that. You gotta try a Michigan soup. You gotta have Michigan pizza pie. I love it all. And, and, and so Yeah. I say with FanDuel, Michigan State all the way. Let's go baby. Go Drink. Yeah. Your favorite murderers are from Michigan. Anyway. That's true also. So visit FanDuel dot com slash conan. Get in on the college hoops action. All turny long turn is short for tournament Must be 21 plus in present in select states for Kansas in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in present in DC. First online real money wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued as non withdrawal bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Visit md gambling help.org. In Maryland,

Molson Coors (18m 22s):
Lot of people when they think about winter snow, You know, snowman, not me. Snowball fights. Snowball fights. That's not what I think about. Okay. I think it's a great excuse to gather with friends and crack open a cold one. Yeah. From basketball and hockey to game night. Winter means more moments with the coolest people in your life. And I've got some Pretty cool people in my life. Like me? No. Oh, okay. Not you. Okay. But like my really cool friends. Oh, okay. You know who I get together with, right? I patch Jones. Oh yeah. He's cool. Yeah. Oo, shrimp. I have a lot of very cool friends. RJ Johannes make these moments even better with Miller Light. That's my crew. The great tasting light beer for people who love beer. Miller Light is brewed for taste. Hello. It's different than other light beers. Other light beers are just blah. If you like it. Okay. But If you don't go to hell Yeah. Well, guess what? Not. Miller Light. It's made with simple ingredients like malted barley for rich balanced toffee note flavors and the iconic golden color. The original light beer since 1975. And still for my money. The best one. Yeah. I remember when I was out with my gang, right? We were out, out on our bicycles. Oh yeah. And we were driving around and then we, we pulled over and got a Miller Light, You know, and it was really nice. 'cause it was a lot of people don't think you don't ride a bicycle in the winter. No, but we put snow tires on our bicycles. Okay. Big chains. And it was just nice to sit with my friends next to our bicycles that were really heavy with chains and crack open a cold one. You know, Miller Light. Great. Taste 96 calories. Go to Miller lite.com/conan to find delivery options near you. Or you can pick up some Miller Lite. Pretty much anywhere they sell beer. Yeah. Tastes like Miller time to me. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories and 3.2 carbs per 12 ounces.

10 (20m 6s):
Leanne, please meet Conan O'Brien.

11 (20m 8s):
Oh my gosh, I'm so excited.

1 (20m 10s):
Well, I'm very excited to talk to you, Leanne. Yeah, Leanne, tell me just a little bit about yourself, just so I, when I meet someone for the first time, I'd like to ask just a few questions. Find out who they are, where they're coming from. Yeah,

11 (20m 22s):
For sure. And I'm from Toronto and I'm actually, I'm an engineer, so I went to school, I did engineering in school, and now I'm a mechanical engineer. And I love to ski. I love to bike. I know you like to bike too. I listen to your talk about biking recently and your trip to Mexico. So that's kind of me. I like outdoorsy kind of stuff and I like having fun and hanging out with my friends and a good laugh. You like

1 (20m 47s):
A good laugh. Yeah, a good laugh is good. Yeah.

11 (20m 50s):
And I listen to your podcast all the time. I think I've listened to every episode at least once. So I'm a huge fan of your podcast.

1 (20m 56s):
Do you get a sense of maybe any mental illness when you listen to the podcast? Oh God.

11 (20m 60s):
What? Why is that your first May or may not, but

1 (21m 4s):
Okay. Well I was just wondering if, You know, you're, you're obviously a very intelligent person. You're an engineer. What kind of engineering do you do? So

11 (21m 13s):
I did chemical and chemistry in school, but now I'm doing mechanical engineering.

1 (21m 17s):
But you understand chemistry, you understand chemical engineering. Yep. And have you ever, when you're listening to the podcast, thought this guy, I think we need to regulate his brain. His brain needs some sort of chemical regulation

11 (21m 32s):
A couple times, but it's okay If you get asked the podcast. So,

1 (21m 36s):
So what you're saying is what adds to the podcast is my mental illness.

11 (21m 39s):
That's true. Also, my mom's in the background laughing her head off, so

1 (21m 45s):
That's okay. It's always good to have a mother in the background laughing at me. Yeah. It adds to the whole podcast. She's me

11 (21m 50s):
Experience at me too

1 (21m 52s):
There. She's Oh, and look, oh, and look, she's shooting this on her iPhone, which is piracy. That's piracy. That's, I'm gonna have her arrested for stealing our copyright.

11 (22m 2s):
So

1 (22m 3s):
That'll come later.

11 (22m 4s):
We, we fled the country because of that reason. So you're too late on that.

1 (22m 10s):
So you fled, you fled to north of Toronto. Yeah. Just because you wanted your mom to record. That's right. You talking to me on the podcast on her iPhone.

11 (22m 21s):
That's right.

1 (22m 22s):
And you wanted to escape any attempt for me to seek retribution. That's right. You thought this through so far in advance. Yeah. You're so smart.

11 (22m 29s):
We have, it was a big move, but You know what, it's worth it. So we're nice people. We're Canadians.

1 (22m 35s):
Oh yeah, yeah, sure. Oh yeah. I've met some of nowhere

11 (22m 38s):
American could fled the country.

1 (22m 41s):
Oh, that's right. Good improv skills. Right? You picked up on your mom's mistake. Yeah. Yeah. Mom, good improv. Cut it out. She put out the information. Leanne put out the information that you fled to Canada. Yeah. So you can't, you can't ruin her improv by denying her information. Oh god, moms Yeah. They always ruin improv. Yeah. They always ruin improv. But

11 (23m 2s):
I was gonna say too, I know your mom had, I love when you talk about your mom on the podcast, it's hilarious. And how her dryness always kind of sparked your, your comedy. It sounds pretty good. Yes. Yeah. I listened to a most recent episode and you were saying how she, she always thought you were pretty crazy, but

1 (23m 20s):
Well she always, she would say, my mom's line is, I don't like that. Even fooling. I love that. And she had a good sense of humor. But yeah, she was always saying that to me. And I think that spurred me to go further and further and further. She's a great straight man Yeah. In comedy. So that helped me. And I hope your mother's helping you in your comedy pursuits. Yes.

11 (23m 39s):
You know, she is. Yeah. Mine are more domestic. But that's,

1 (23m 44s):
Yes. I understand your mom helped you so much with your comedy that you're an engineer. So Yeah. That's that'ss all I have to say to you about your mother, it's her fault you'd be playing Vegas right now. You'd be in the biggest rooms in Vegas. I would like, oh no, your mom had to get in there and go, that's not true. Yeah. You are from Toronto.

11 (24m 4s):
Yeah,

1 (24m 5s):
It's true. I love, I do love Canada. I've had a very good, Tim, I'm, I love myself at Tim Horton's. Yeah. I love a Tim Horton's donut and a cup of coffee

11 (24m 13s):
You'd blend right in a double double,

1 (24m 15s):
Wouldn't I? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, a double double. And then I get on the hockey rink and I beat someone to death. Its a good time. Yeah. Wouldn't she just, I really enjoy myself. She

11 (24m 23s):
Just got off the ski hill. What, what is she saying now? No, she's just my, she's just,

1 (24m 28s):
She's Does your mother just spout things in the corner throughout your life? She

11 (24m 31s):
Said, I just went off the ski hill. That's what she's saying. Snow. Snow skiing. I think you called it in a bit a long time ago on, I don't know where you were, but it looked pretty good.

1 (24m 41s):
It was the Olympics. You were pretty talented. It was the 2002 Olympics. Yep. And I, I learned how to snowboard. Yep. And I'm still recovering from that. Yep. That's, I lost most of my spine. Had to be replaced with a

11 (24m 51s):
Yeah. But you're here now with a code hack. Yeah. And you're still tall.

1 (24m 54s):
I'm here now. And so that's good. And what I'd like to do, Leanne, if it's okay, is I'd like to tape an episode of my show sometime where your mother's in a little inset box randomly saying things while I'm trying to do the show. That would be great. So I'm trying to talk to Hugh Jackman and she's saying things like, I was on the snow hill.

11 (25m 9s):
I shout, shout in. The

1 (25m 12s):
My favorite chowder is corn chowder. And it just randomly. Okay. Our next guest was in the fly. You know him as Jeff Goldblum, but You know, onions are best on a sandwich. Okay, mom, we got it. But how can I help you, Leanne? I know you have a question for me and I know I can help you.

11 (25m 29s):
Yeah. I just wanted to ask you, because I was gonna say like, so I, I've listened to the podcast so many times and I noticed that you're always just yourself, no matter kind of what anyone's saying. And I really like that. Even sometimes it might come off as mental illness, but you continue to do it and I think that's really cool.

4 (25m 47s):
So I wanna,

1 (25m 53s):
I really like you. It comes off as mental illness sometimes, but I like it.

11 (25m 57s):
Yeah. But I just wanted to ask you if there was any time that you had to pretend that you weren't showing a, any sign of mental illness and you had to, you had to stray from being yourself. And I just wanted to ask you like how you deal with that kind of thing.

1 (26m 12s):
I am mostly, and, and I am mostly myself when I perform or show myself to the public, but, and Sona and Gole, you'll back me up. I, I can be weirder than even what people have seen or heard on the podcast. Yeah. The podcast. That probably catches it the most. But I go on these rifts sometimes that they start out making sense and then they get more and more twisted and strange and they're just not for public consumption. Isn't that true, Sona? Yeah.

3 (26m 42s):
I think that you would be arrested if a lot of the things that you said were, were released. What are you talking

1 (26m 48s):
About? Well, because claiming mean, arrested. Well,

3 (26m 49s):
Because I mean, well, she's asking If you ever turn your mental illness off, but it's actually much more amplified a lot of times.

1 (26m 56s):
Can we just start calling it my gift and not my mental illness? Sorry. I know

3 (26m 59s):
I'm just using what Leanne said. Yes, you're

1 (27m 2s):
Oh, fine. Okay.

3 (27m 3s):
Your gift. Okay. Your

11 (27m 5s):
Gift.

5 (27m 6s):
Yeah. Leanne, you're getting the s sanest version of him. I know. We are getting the most

11 (27m 10s):
Gifted. I can only imagine.

1 (27m 12s):
I am constantly talking and babbling. Yes. I say a lot of words that don't make sense. I have microaggressions

5 (27m 21s):
And macroaggressions

1 (27m 22s):
And macroaggressions, but none of it's really based in reality. Like I'm constantly threatening you Mr. Gorley, but I'm not even angry with you. It's just like I, I have no anger towards Matt Gorley at all. I think it

11 (27m 35s):
Comes from a good place too.

1 (27m 38s):
I do too. I think my desire to kill and kill again comes from a good place.

5 (27m 47s):
Listen to that laugh. It's the Joker. We do a podcast for the Joker. Yeah.

1 (27m 56s):
Yes, Leanne. I I I know there was a question in there somewhere, but I think you've, I think you nailed it, I think. Yes. Got it. Has there been a time where I've needed to hide? Yes. There are times where my mind goes probably to a darker place and I edit myself. How about that? That's, that's very true. Sounds

11 (28m 15s):
Good. But I love how you're always, it just seems like you're always yourself. And same with Matt and Sona. And that really shines through in the podcast and that's really cool. Aw.

1 (28m 24s):
I would say that's very sweet. I would say Sona is very much herself. I don't know who the real Matt is, so I don know if I don either, I don't know. Like you're a Shapeshifter Goly. You could be. I just don't know. You could be someone completely different. It's like that movie, the stepfather. I just don't know. You could be a complete maniac and I wouldn't know it.

11 (28m 43s):
Matt's like Switzerland. I am like Switzerland. Yeah. Sticks in the middle. Yeah,

1 (28m 47s):
He's like Switzerland. Rarely visited part. That's hilarious.

5 (28m 50s):
Amanda and I just went to Switzerland. Like

1 (28m 54s):
Did

5 (28m 54s):
You? Yes, we did. Specifically and only Switzerland.

1 (28m 57s):
Oh my God.

5 (28m 58s):
Isn't that just ridiculous? I'm with you. I'm a mess.

1 (29m 1s):
You're not a mess. Yeah. You're good friends. And they, You know what? It really does help. Good to do this. What to tell.

5 (29m 8s):
What was that was the most robotic, were you talking about Sona and me or am I good friends with myself? What did you

1 (29m 13s):
Do? That's actually, that's actually, I created that soundbite with my computer. If you, If you listen to it again carefully. All I did was press control D and it just was like, yeah, good friend.

5 (29m 25s):
You are good friends. Good, good, good, good, good, good friends.

1 (29m 28s):
And then Ctrl Alt J is, I enjoy people.

5 (29m 35s):
I am, I'm a human man.

1 (29m 36s):
Control Alt w is, I love children. When my wife and I visit her family with our kids, we stay in this hotel in Seattle and there's one of those elevators that has a voice, a robotic voice that's telling you what floor you're going to. It's this accent we can't place. But when the elevator, when you get in the elevator on the fifth floor and you're going to the lobby, this, this woman's voice says going down and it burned into my brain. And whenever I'm in an elevator and it starts to go down, I hear in my brain going, yeah, I do. It's very, it's very, I find it very disturbing and I'm glad I shared it with you.

1 (30m 18s):
I think your mom's trying to get in on the act again. Was that your mom who just walked behind you? Yeah,

11 (30m 22s):
It is. Yeah. It's,

1 (30m 24s):
She's encourageable. She can't be stopped.

11 (30m 26s):
She can't, she can't. She's fierce also. That's an awesome guitar. Is it a gretch behind you? Yes.

1 (30m 31s):
It's Do You know your Gretch guitars? Yeah.

11 (30m 33s):
I, I want one. I don't have one, but I love to play guitar. That's another thing I love about you. I love to watch you play. Like I've seen a few videos of you playing and it's just so fun because it's just, you're up there and it looks like you love it. And I love to love

1 (30m 46s):
Car. I love it. I really love playing with Jimmy Vivino and guys from my band and we've put out a couple of videos and I was really proud of it until someone said Great Viagra ad and, and it was like, yeah, like look at the older guy bopping out with his guitar Viagra. Don't You know? And I, that was a torpedo that never stop, just blew me apart. I just, I think I almost burned my guitar that night. I was like, I'll never play this again. But yeah, maybe the good news is I'll probably get an ad for Viagra, so that'll be good.

11 (31m 21s):
Congratulations.

1 (31m 22s):
Well, it's been very nice talking to you Leanne. I've loved talking to you and occasionally your mom. Tell her I said, is your mom still there? She

11 (31m 30s):
Is. She's right there. Hi con.

1 (31m 31s):
Okay. And I'm coming after you. What's your first name?

11 (31m 34s):
My name's Carol.

1 (31m 34s):
Carol, I'm coming after you. You've been, you've been taping this call illegally. I'm coming after you. I will use the Canadian courts to bring you down.

11 (31m 44s):
I'll have bike to Mexico by then, so it'll

1 (31m 47s):
Be tough.

11 (31m 49s):
Be tough.

1 (31m 50s):
You guys are taunting me. Like come and get me. Oh. Oh man. I'm going after this family. Hey, lovely talking to you.

11 (31m 57s):
You too. Thank you so much. Thanks.

1 (31m 59s):
No problem. Bye-bye Leanne, take carene.

11 (32m 1s):
Bye bye.

10 (32m 3s):
Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sacks, Joanna Soter and Jeff Ross at Team Coco and Colin Anderson at Earwolf Music by Jimmy Vivino, supervising producer Aren Blair, associate talent producer Jennifer Samples, associate producers Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm. Engineered by Will Becton. Please rate review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend on Apple Podcasts, Stitcher, or wherever fine podcasts are downloaded.

12 (32m 46s):
This has been a Team Coco production in association with Stitcher.

The Home Depot (32m 59s):
Spring Starts with savings at the Home Depot. So if you're working on getting your yard spring ready, you'll need the right tools to get it done. Like the REBI one plus 18 volt cordless string trimmer now only $129. Or the Rio Obi one plus 18 volt cordless blower Also for only $129. Save on cordless power during Spring starts event at the Home Depot, now through April 2nd.

Dove MEN+CARE (33m 29s):
It's game day and everyone's working up a sweat from last minute prep for your big viewing party to Tide scores at halftime. There might be some close calls with your BO this football season. Dove Man Plus Care whole body do is everyone's MVP. It defends against all your odor zones. From pits to privates to feet with long lasting 72 hour odor protection and care for your skin. You'll be covered from morning kickoff through triple overtime. Tackle body odor everywhere with Dove Man Plus Care Whole body deal. Find it at your local Walmart.