
Your next crime family Sock Obsession is coming this March to Paramount Plus Mob Land, an explosive new series from the underworld of Guy Ritchie Stars, Tom Hardy Pierce Brossman and Helen Meen go inside the Harrigan crime family who will stop at nothing to ensure they come out on top in a war that threatens to topple empires and destroy lives. New series Mob Land streaming March 30th on Paramount Plus.


How hot do you like it? Firehouse Subs is churning up the heat. They've teamed up with hot ones to create two new sandwiches. The zesty garlic hook and ladder is the milder option. Can you believe that? Those still packed with flavor. And for the bravest spice chasers, the spicy dill hook and ladder sandwich is sure to be a three alarm ion. Well, Sona bla. You guys sampled the wares today. We did. You had yourself those hook and ladder sandwiches. How were they? They Were great. And they had a kick. Yeah, They did. I, I did the zesty garlic hook and ladder. Oh. And, and I loved it. I took a walk in the wild side with the spicy dill hook and ladder, and it was great. I loved It. Well, I'm glad you guys enjoyed yourselves. Find out how hot you like it. Try the zesty garlic and spicy deal. Hook and ladder at Firehouse Subs. For a limited time, life doesn't go on forever. You gotta grab the moment, dude. Visit Firehouse subs.com to find a restaurant near you. Individuals sensitive to spice or the Carolina Reaper Pepper should not consume this spicy dill hook and ladder. Limited time at participating Firehouse Subs. Restaurants.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hey Dan, welcome to Conan. O'Brien. Needs a fan. What? I couldn't remember if it was friend or fan Or foe. Hey, Dan, how are you? I'm doing great. Thank you guys for having me on. Where are you coming to us from? Dan, where are you? I'm in Vacaville, California. So near Sacramento, Napa Valley area. Oh, Nice. Okay. Very nice. And I'm looking at your background. It looks like you're working on a nuclear submarine. I mean, there's all kinds of machinery behind you. It's, it's very cool looking.


Are you, are you, what are you building? I mean, it's looks like you're up to something. I'm a glass blower. Glass artists. Oh. So I work with, these are glass lays, so I work with glass tubing and, You know, glass rods and I create stuff outta glass. Okay. What kind of stuff do you create outta glass primarily? Are you, are you talking like a, a vase? Are we talking like a test tube? Are we talking glasses? What are you making? My main product that I make is water pipes. So I make bongs basically. I see 'em back there. Look at those? Yeah. Oh, okay. Sweet. Sona is salivating. Yes. You make, you make bongs. So, and that, and, and was that, did you start making bongs because of your personal affinity for bongs?


Or you just like making them, or you like the shape? What, what drew you to making bongs? I started in high school, so I feel like everyone in high school, You know, kind of wanted or needed a bong. And I liked making things so that, You know, drew me to it. I originally started wa I wanted to do welding, but it was a little complicated, I feel like. So I went into glass blowing, which was even more complicated. Yeah. Yeah. I was gonna say, glassblowing feels incredibly difficult. I mean, any, just the little I know about it. Right. You have to, you gotta heat up the material Right. And get it molten. And then you, I watched The show on Netflix. Oh, no way.


Yeah. Blown away. So I know I'm basically a glassblower. Okay. Yeah. And is that, is that an accurate representation of glass blowing the TV show blown away? Yeah, it is. Mine's a little different. I use a torch, so I don't have a big furnace of glass. I have a torch that I use and then I get, I get these glass tubes and four foot lengths and then I'll create stuff out of that. So I don't have a big furnace that I pull globs of glass out of. I Use, well, You know, You know what I think I rather more respect for you? 'cause I think anybody can do it with a big furnace. I do. I think anybody could do it with a, I mean, oh, oh, big furnace yawn. Oh look, I have a big furnace and I accidentally made 900 glasses today.


But If you, but you're using a torch and that takes real skill. I think that takes a real artist. And I, I know I don I know I'm probably throwing shade on a huge part of the glass making community, but fuck those guys. I'm with you man. I'm with you Dan. And I say it's torch or nothing. And I'm gonna start saying that to people who say they're a glass blower. I'm gonna say furnace or torch. And if they say furnace, I'm out. I'm just gonna walk away and then I'm gonna smash all the glass. Oh, I appreciate That. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm gonna drive by later and throw stones through their window and go back. You should get the torch and peel out. Really? Took a turn. I'm sorry. If you use a furnace out there and you make glass, You know where to find me.


I'm not afraid of you with your furnace, Dan. I don't know what happened right there. A neurologist take On that. A neurologist would say it's a a brain bleed. Possibly. I don't know. I'm getting faint, but this is cool. What's the name of your company? It's called Apix Design Glass. So I, I made that name when I was in high school for a web design business I was doing, and then I just kept, I kept it through my glass blowing business as well. Okay. And or is it easy for people to find you if they want some of your custom made torch? Torch Hune. Bongs. Yeah. If you look up Apix design, then yeah, I got a website.


I got an Instagram. I have a good little following of people who, You know, like my glass. So do you, it's easy to find it when Someone buys a bong. Do they, how long does that bong last? And do they then come back for more bongs? Does a person buy multiple bongs in a year? How does it all work? What's A bong life? Such a square? Well, I'm sorry. I want to know more of this bong culture. I took an aspirin once. I took an aspirin once in 1992 and I was taken to the hospital. So I, I I don't, I don't know a lot about bongs, but I've seen them portrayed in film. Can you, can you, do you have some bongs there? You could show us? I, I just wanna see some of these bongs.


I don't wanna keep saying bongs bong. It's so much. I actually sent you guys a gift. What? Lemme see. Oh my God. Oh my God. This thing is, I didn't know about this. Look at, oh my, this God, sir, I'm not all jo. All joking aside, you are an artist. Truly. That is gorgeous. Look, he's done. I mean yes, you've got the Conan logo. You've got, oh my God. He is got the late night our We're bearing moon, the lead. There's three mouth pieces here. This is like the equivalent of sharing a milkshake except for a throuple. And It's, It's for At a Grateful Dead show. It's a chill chums bong. So you all can take a hit at the Same time.


It's yay. Look, it's for when the cast of challengers wants to use a bong together. This is beautiful. I mean, look at the, the design is gorgeous and then it's got this, this God stopper has kind of a pompadour, I guessing that's It's a bowl. It's the Bowl. What's that? It's the bull. The right. Isn't that so? It's not a stopper. That is The bull. Yeah. No, no, this I don dunno, the official. Yeah, I don dunno what the name is. This isn't the stop. This is, this is the cap. No, that's The, that's where where you put the Weed that you put the weed in there. I know the weed goes in here. He said lying. No, The weed the weed goes into the thing you're holding. Yeah. It goes into this top. Right. So this, oh, I see. This is the bowl.


Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Okay. All right. Okay. Spli, take it easy, but go ahead and Show where the stopper is. I know. So what you do is, you, you, and then when it's heated up, you, you drink. No. Oh God. Do you remember when we had, we had Seth Rogan on the last Conan O'Brien episode and he on camera offered me one of his marijuana cigarettes. And do you remember this? I do. I put the wrong end in my mouth. Yeah. And people thought, oh, Conan's doing a, a, like a, a bit. I wasn't doing a bit. It's okay. I just didn't know.


I know. It's okay. It's not okay. I know it's, I've gotta start doing a lot of drugs quickly and catch up. There's so much going on here. There's, it's Beautiful. Is this a gerbil? What? Those are gerbils. Yeah. Add something put in there. Suck of gerbils. This is incredible. This Thing is, is we need to take play. Is that a butt plug? No. What, what what, what you see, how does this get in your Butt with these three things in The way? What is your butt? Like? There's no butt plug on it. Can I just say, this is a Rorschach blot you've given us. No kidding. Everyone sees what they wanna see. I just see a Bong. You two are insane. This thing You have to take multiple. We will Yes. Detailed photographs of this that capture we shot.


Dan, you are, you're an artist. This thing is, and all, I mean this is just as a work of sculpture. We have, we have Conan's Doodle on there. We've got the old, we've the late night moon and Stars Team. Coco branding Conan on TBS branding. It's got a big cockatoo kind of glass. It's a, it could be aor. It's aor Yeah. Who? And it's a, it's a three Way glass to base it on your hair glass bong. So again, all three. That's real question. Do you think We'll ever Actually three. Yes, we will. I think we'll doesn't work. You know what our faces, If You guys are down, are gonna have to get this close. I know. For the next summer. S'mores. No, no. Guess what? I will We'll do it. Really we'll Do it. Yeah.


Get Over Myself. Sure. You're telling I wanna say that to me. Like, Get Over Myself. I wanna like Anything. There's no drinking when it comes to bogs. There's no drinking. You said, oh, there you take a sip here. There's no, Can I just say one thing? It also looks like it would make great coffee. And You know what? I think, I think it would make great coffee. 'cause I see where the little creamer would go in. This is incredible. It is absolutely beautiful. It makes me want to relive some Old days. Yeah. Girl. Flashback to last week. Last week in Pasadena. I was talking About the gerbil, The gerbil filed


papers. By the way, The all new Nissan Armada Pro four x is an unshakeable fortress powered by a twin turbo V six engine. Yeah. Ready to propel your adventures to new heights. Yeah. Your voice changes when you do a car act. I'm trying to, I'm trying to become Will Arnett. Oh, okay. But I can't do it. He's like, oh, new Nissan Armada Pro Forex. No, listen, I'm gonna, I'm gonna explain this car to you. 'cause this car is fantastic. It's Max 8,500 pound towing capacity has the power to haul all your favorite toys on your next big adventure. You could steal the Statue of Liberty with this. It's incredible. I'm not saying do that. I'm just saying this thing that's a lot of Holland power. Nobody gets left behind with the Armada Pro Four X's premium interior that seats up to eight passengers. That's crazy. I don't know. Eight people going big. Never goes outta style. No terrain is too tough for the all new Nissan Armada Pro four x the most capable armada ever built. Built for the most rugged of terrain. The all new Nissan Armada Pro. Four X gives you freedom to explore further


This bracket season. FanDuel is letting you make the call. 'cause right now, new customers can get $200 in bonus bets. When your first $5 bet wins. You hear me? That's 200 extra binos to bet on. Everything from clutch shots to last second heartbreaks. And even who's cutting down the nets. If you've been waiting to join, there's no better time. There's turn action not slang for tournament almost every day. And FanDuel has amazing bet types like spreads totals, game props and so much more. I know all about this. You do? Oh, I'm a real, it sounds like it. I'm a real Beto. I I'm, I'm excited because Michigan State, which is my team, I I think they're gonna go all the way. They're number one in the big 10. Yes. Yes. Let's go all the way. You know, don't shake your head, Eduardo. Listen. You are all a Michigan all the way. You're always That's right. Ever since I've known you, which is like 20 some odd years. That's right. You've been babbling about Michigan. This Michigan that. You gotta try a Michigan soup. You gotta have Michigan pizza pie. I love it all. And, and, and so Yeah. I say with FanDuel, Michigan stayed all the way. Let's go baby. Go drink. Yeah. Your favorite murderers are from Michigan. Anyway. That's true. Also, soup. Visit FanDuel dot com slash conan. Get in on the college hoops Action. All turny long turn is short for tournament. Must be 21 plus in present in select states for Kansas. In affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in present in DC. First online Real money wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued as non withdrawal bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fan dual.com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Visit md gambling help.org. In Maryland,


A lot of people when they think about winter snow, You know, snowman, not me. Snowball fights. Snowball fights. That's not what I think about. Okay. I think it's a great excuse to gather with friends and crack open a cold one. Yeah. From basketball and hockey to game night. Winter means more moments with the coolest people in your life. And I've got some Pretty cool people in my life. Like me? No. Oh, not you. Okay. But like my really cool friends. Oh, okay. You know who I get together with, right? I Patch Jones. Oh yeah. He's cool. Yeah. Saue shrimp. I have a lot of very cool friends. RJ Johannes make these moments even better with Miller Light. That's my crew. The great tasting light beer for people who love beer. Miller Light is brewed for taste. Hello. It's different than other light beers. Other light beers are just like, blah. If you like it, okay. But If you don't go to hell. Yeah. Well, guess what? Not. Miller Light. It's made with simple ingredients like malted barley for rich balanced toffee note flavors. Mm. And the iconic golden color. The original light beer since 1975. And still for my money. The best one. Yeah. I remember when I was out with my gang, right? We were out on our bicycles. Oh yeah. And we were driving around and then we, we pulled over and got a Miller Light, You know, and it was really nice. 'cause it was a lot of people don't think you don't ride a bicycle in the winter. No, but we put snow tires on our bicycles. Okay. Big, big chains. And it was just nice to sit with my friends next to our bicycles that were really heavy with chains and crack open a cold one. You know, Miller Light. Great. Taste 96 calories. Go to Miller lite.com/conan to find delivery options near you. Or you can pick up some Miller Lite. Pretty much anywhere they sell beer. Yeah. Tastes like no. What time to me celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories and 3.2 carbs per 12 ounces.


One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. I know. Like I'm trying to sell my coal miners hat and it goes to a dance troupe. Ugh, that's no good. It's just stupid. That's where LinkedIn ads come in. Fortunately, LinkedIn is a network of over 1,000,000,001. You can't even count that high. I can't, I can't either. As a network of over 1 billion businessy people who might actually be interested in your business. You can even target your buyers by job title, industry, company roles, seniority skills, company revenues. Did I say job title? I think I did. Mm, just stop wasting budget on the wrong audience. That's just stupid. Start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will give you a $100 credit on the next campaign, so you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco trips and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.


So Dan, my favorite thing is when we meet fans that are so creative, we have a lot of creative fans. And man, you have just rocketed way to the top because Yeah. He's also, he's also made some glasses here. We have some glasses. These are oh, these Are beautiful. And then he made, he made special drinking glasses for each one of you. This Is really, I'm God Sona. This is yours here. Oh, gorgeous. And this is for Conan. It's obviously the biggest one. Okay. Yeah. Well, You know, you gotta, oh my God. And then Matt here. The smallest one. Yeah. These, yeah, these little gobbles. These are, these are beautiful. These are And and what kind of glass? Is this glass?


Is it a type of glass? What? Tell us what this is. Yeah, this is a scientific glassware. So like, you'd find in really nice, You know, Pyrex glass basically. Yeah. Oh yeah. This can be used for, You know, it can go in the dishwasher. It's not sensitive to heat. So you can put hot stuff in there. No problem. This is extraordinary. Oh my God. This Is, What's this? It's like a Sherlock Holmes pie. That is really sweet, Dan. Thank you so much. And so A special extra gift for Sona. Oh, That's nice. Yeah, that is so that really means a lot. Thank you very much. Which Is a, a balloon. Ah, no problem. I'm glad I could get you guys some stuff. I, once I heard I was gonna be on here, I really wanted to, You know, get something made for you guys.


This is, well, I am, I'm just, that's, I just almost said it and then realized people think I'm trying to make a, a lame joke, but I am blown away. I really, I I wasn't trying to make a joke. I just started to say it. You should wash it first. 'cause it's gorgeous. The way they finish it is in cyanide powder. Is it safe to drink outta Dan? Can I drink outta this? Yeah. Okay. Outta How long it take you To build that bong? Well, I mean, I, I got told on Thursday that you guys wanted me to be on here. And then by Saturday I was finishing it up. And then man, Sunday I did the sandblasting and I sent it out on Monday. So, oh my God. If I'm, if I'm really, You know, really want to get something done, I can do it pretty quick.


I, I Can't believe you put this in the mail. 'cause the guy who delivers my boxes shucks them over the fence. Yeah. That's incredible. You know, I'm, I'm amazed this made it in one piece. I know. It's incredible. Know, it's so beautiful. I'm using my glasses now. I'm glad I made it to you guys. Wow. Did you have any question for me, Dan, other than, I mean, look at this. I think it should be a requirement now. I was just gonna say The guests, more Fans. More fans that send wonderful gifts and, and I mean, they didn't even have to have made it, but like, oh, I went to a store and I bought you. Yeah. This paddock Philippe watch. And I'm like, Hmm. Yes. Add it to the bio. This made me cry a little. Oh, it'ss beautiful. Really sweet.


It's, I know. And also Sonas been through a really rough time lately. Yes. And that's just, it's Nice. And the know was very sweet, Dan. And things are coming your way now. Yes, Yes, yes they are. It's just beautiful. Yes they are. I'm Glad you guys, Mom's gonna be happy tonight. It's all Fixed. Why is mommy asleep? It's four in The afternoon. Quiet Charlie. Quiet Mikey. Quiet stepbrothers on all day. On a loop. Wow. Dan, I cannot thank you enough. This is, this is absolutely beautiful. Really, really great. And we are gonna find a hallowed space for this because we have little spaces here that are like ins that are becoming installations.


Like this is our PeeWee's playhouse and this is gonna have a prominent space here. Yeah. And we're very proud of this. And we're proud of you. Proud to have you as a fan, really. Hey, Thank you very much. And yeah, I had one quick question. I was curious, You know, as a celebrity, I'll handle this. You know, you like, when I get home, I, I like to do stuff around the house. So like I'll help my wife doing stuff or I'll, You know, work on the backyard. Yep. And I was curious, as a celebrity, is there something that you go home and your wife's like, I want these photos hung up on the wall. Like what do you do when you get home and you're asked to do something?


Do you just call someone or Immediately do you Get in charge of doing Stuff like that? Immediately pull rank. I say, God, do you realize who I am and what I've accomplished? Then I start to show her like a montage of things I've worked on over the years. No, there are a big thing for my wife, Liza, is she, she's very good cook and she does the cooking. And I am, I'm not good at cooking. She really wants me to set the table. And that's important to her that I set the table and sometimes I kind of set the table, but she'll make a passive aggressive comment. Like, usually people use napkins and, and then I'll go, oh, right.


And then I'll go and get the na You know, the na go to the napkin drawer and get those and, You know, did you put trivets down? 'cause I gotta put something. This is hot and Okay. All right. Because sometimes I try to go real minimal, like setting the table means just there's two or three or four of my kids around plates. But I, I, it's important for her that I do that. And then a big knock on me is that I, I've, I've gotten much better at loading the dishwasher. I've gotten much better. But I think for a long time, and this goes back to childhood, I had this, I just, it was a problem for me. Loading the dishwasher. The way you do it or just doing it in general?


When I do it, it's doing it in general. And then when I do it, it's awful. Like I'll try and jam a large plate into this silverware tray and my wife usually ends up redoing it. And so there's twice as many calories burned. So pity this woman because it's like asking an ape to help you with brain surgery. Yeah. And then I just go rushing around the operating room, smashing into things. So yeah, I would say at all, it's, most of my chore is revolve around dinner ways that I can help compliment and, and facilitate the serving of dinner. And so that's a little peek into my life and, yeah.


Okay. Awesome. Yeah, that's, that's what I wanted to hear. I was, I was curious what you, You know, If you called like a butler to come help you or something. Oh Yeah, we had a butler once bla How did you like it? Still waiting for payment? Yeah, yeah. No, no. Butler not yet. I just, that's one of those things from, from just old movies that I, I have to say it always fascinated me. The, I, it was an idea from that if someone had means they would have a butler. Even if it was just a bachelor, there would be like a gentleman. Oh yeah, a gentleman there who, this is my man. Yeah. You know, his name's Gordon. He'll take care of everything and he's in the corner usually polishing a glass behind like a little cool mini bar.


Yeah. No, also Aval. I always thought, wow. So You know, someone who, you wake up in the morning and your clothes are all laid out and then you have to get, we travel so much for the travel shows. Yeah. I'm always running around cramming things into bags and going, Where's my extra special sunblock? And What's special about It? It was made by the government. Anyway, that's what I do. I'm, I I would say it's a fascination. No, no butler and still noval.


But one day it'll all come my way. But now I've got the world's only triple bong. I can't with my name on it. Can't believe that. I can't believe there might be a point in the future where the three of us we're going to our faces that close together. Not we're going To And you're gonna, that's where you're gonna see me up close and fall in love. Oh my God. Sweet. Sweet. Alright. Well, Dan, thank you so much. I salute you. And I love, I mean, you're an artist. You really are. You are. You're a great, you're a terrific artist. And even though we are not related, you're a young lad. So I'm allowed to say I'm proud of you. I really am. I'm, I'm glad when I see, I, I really do get energized when I meet all these young people that can kick ass and do all these amazing things.


You're a craftsman. You're out there killing it. So thank you so much and best of luck with your company. Apex. Apex. AP AP Apex Design. Yeah. Apix. A-P-I-X-A. Right. Cheers, Dan. Oh, There it is. Yeah. Oh, I was, I was distracted by my own face. Thank you guys so much. Thank you. All right. Shout out to ap. I Can't wait to see you guys use that all. You will. You will. All right. Take care, Dan. All right. Thank you guys. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy.


Supervising producer, Aren Blair, associate talent producer, Jennifer Samples, associate producers Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan.


Please rate, review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wherever fine podcasts are down,


Let's make sure your goals never miss a beat. Northwestern Mutual Financial advisors are expert listeners. They hear what's important to you and help make it happen. It's a better way to money. Let's get started@nm.com. The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin.


Every sandwich has bread. Every burger has a bun, but these warm, golden, smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best, the phileo fish. And you, you can have them too. And you can have it all at two for $6. Like a phileo fish, big Mac, 10 piece McNuggets or large fries, limited time only. Price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offers. Single item at regular price.


Bottom.