
When you give a gift from LL Bean, you're giving favorites in the making designed with thoughtfulness and care for years of joyful connection. That's really something. 'cause when I usually give a gift, it provides, I'm gonna say, 15 minutes of joyful appreciation. Yeah. If that, yeah. I don't give great gifts. But LL bean years of joyful connection, like the Cozy Sherpa wearable throw made from Cozy Sherpa fleece with a hood and two hand pockets. What I love, two hand pockets I do too. Over 1,805 star reviews and counting. That's a lot of five star reviews. A favorite gift for home camp or backyard. It's the perfect gift for anyone from teenagers. Listen to that. Rock and roll. Yeah. To grandparents. Oh, It hurts to book club friends. Hmm. I read That. Shop the Cozy Sherpa wearable throw and more holiday favorites at llb.com/gifts.


What's your boldest, truly ambitious life goal? Everyone has one and everyone deserves a way to get there. That's why State Street offers a wide variety of ETFs to give all investors access to the market and the chance to reach their goals. Like with DIA, where you get 30 us blue chip stocks in a single trade, wherever you are heading, getting there starts here with State Street. Before investing, consider the funds investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Visit ssga.com for prospectus containing this other information. Read carefully. DIA is subject to risks similar to those of stocks. All ETS are subject to risk, including possible loss of principle Alps Distributors Inc. Distributor,


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hello? Oh, hey. Hi, rusty. I'd like to apologize. Hello? King Cook. How the red? Yes. Podcast. Cut. Cut. Blunderer. Thank you. Freckle fiend, freckled Fi. And holy puppet of the gods of mischief. And man, what the hell is Going on? Lady Mian of Cas mother of coyotes. I love this intro. Thank you very much. You are Barely the white as hello assaulted minions and henchmen.


And I. The no s up. Oh my God. Who, who I have to know Who are you? Who Are you? Identify yourself, sir. Immediately. I am sir Rusty Russ from Mumbai, India. Oh my God. Your name is Rusty and you live in Mumbai, India. Absolutely. I, I don't think I would've guessed that, but I wouldn't have guessed anything. Nothing you said after that intro would make sense to me. From one, from one cartoon character come to left to another, I would expect Rusty. I love you already. I really do. You seem like an amazing person. What a, what? A burst of energy and joy from Rusty.


Yeah. Wonderful. Rusty, tell us a little bit, And it's only 1:30 AM at night, you know. Sorry about that, rusty. I'm not even caffeinated yet. I'm not even caffeinated. So can You believe that? Yeah. If I don't wanna see you on caffeine is if this is you without caffeine. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Let me slow it down here for a second. Your name is Rusty. Sure. Sure, sure. Rusty Irani. And you are from Mumbai, India. That's where you're talking to us from. And tell us a little bit about yourself, rusty. Well, I'm from Mumbai, India. I have born and brought up in India. The accent is a result of me having traveled to the US since I was 13. Okay. To find the cure for the disease that I suffer from. So I'm on a wheelchair.


I've been on a wheelchair all my life. I suffer from this progressive neurological condition called spinal muscular atrophy. It's SMA for short. It's got the world's most expensive drug right now, which I won't ever have access to because, you know, it's, I don't fall under the Compassionate user program. So it's a progressive disorder where my body doesn't make this protein that like, helps my nerves to, you know, create more nerve cells to help my muscles grow. So hence the atrophy bit. And yeah. And what is, I was a kid I. Can, can I can I ask you quickly, so you have this, you have this ailment, It's a progressive neurological, Progressive disease. And, and are, are you, how do you get, so I could walk as a child and then I met with a bike accident at the age of nine.


I go figure, like, you know, so yeah. Met with a bike accident and I've been on a wheelchair for the last 35 years. Okay. And I've, like, I've driven different wheelchairs like since then. And I went to school here in Mumbai, and then I went, went and studied English from a college here in Mumbai. I majored in English, got my first degree in English, and then I had this bug up my ass because I loved films. And during the whole period of my convalescence as a kid, my mom opened the whole world of cinema and books. And because I could not speak as legibly and as articulately right now, as I'm speaking with you guys here, I I, I used to only speak with the head nod and like speaking like this guy, like all, every typical Indian, how we usually tend to talk.


And so my mom opened like the whole world of books to me and like cinema and cinema that is not meant for like a 9-year-old. Like, you know, I was exposed to like all the Arnold Schwarzenegger stuff and all the Silver Stallone stuff because that's, Yeah. That stuff isn't meant for adults either. I'll be honest with you, rusty. Exactly. Exactly. You know what? I'm very impressed though because you And I thought Like all Americans spoke like Arnie. That's what thought. You know? So, so you're walking around Mumbai as a kid. Syl, Stallone, you know, Stallone Everybody Ago. Exactly. Welcome to Mumbai. So, yeah, exactly. Rusty, first of all, I I just love that clearly you've been wrestling with this progressive disease, but you have such Pun intended.


Yes. Yeah. But you, you, you have such a fantastic don don't know. Yeah. You have such a fantastic outlook. You're so funny. You're, yeah. I'm not one of those visible guys who shows up on like, reality television with like an inspiration porn story. Like, I'm like, I don't even have like those kind of stories. Like it's all my life. It's all about these wackadoo incidents that have been happening with me. Like, you know, it's like one crazy adventure after another And I. I can't see myself sitting at home and like, you know, moop about this shit. But I'd rather like, you know, joke about it and like, you know, crack a smile and like, go on with life because it's hilarious to me. Like, you know, I don't know how some disabled folk can like, you know, just make some kind of inspiration porn story out of the life and Yeah.


Self-entitled Pres. But like, you know, me, I'm like different. So I, I like, you know, like just putting myself out there. Yeah, yeah. You can laugh. Like, you know, I'm allowed to make these jokes, so. Sure. Yeah. Well, I, I mean, you, you have a, you have an amazing spirit and an amazing attitude, rusty. And tell me what's it like? Thank you. Sorry. Conan What, Is It. Like to be someone who's in a wheelchair in Mumbai. What's that experience like? Well, first of all, they all think like, I'm some kind of a, like, you've been to Thailand, right? I mean, I saw the episode that, so you remember all those tuks in Thailand? Yeah. The small little rickshaw scooters. Bombay is full of those. So every rickshaw guy thinks I'm like some new competition in town at the moment as step out of my home.


Either, either. And I'm a big guy, I'm like, almost like, you know, 56 inches across and I'm like six foot two. So I'm on this chair and everybody thinks I'm just out for a ride. The, the, the seriously creepy part about my disease is I don't look disabled. Like, you know, when I speak like this and when I'm like sitting with you guys here, you would not even realize, like, you know, I'm like, no, I can hardly function in terms of like my motor skills and my ability to like, you know, even transfer myself. But when I'm out there, like from the local transportation buses to like guys on like the, the cows and the dogs, everybody like chases me. If someone's trying to run me off the road, it's, it's mayhem. And, and Mumbai roads and Mumbai infrastructure is not even meant for like, regular pedestrians, lemme tell you that.


So, so they're not, because, you know, in the United States there, there's a lot of rules and regulations about, as you know, because we've visited, visited here about wheelchair, And, I started there. Yeah. Wheelchair access and making sure that, that people that, that use wheelchairs. But I, I'm sure you guys also know about this because if you've seen the documentary from Crip camp, like, you know, you know, the kind of struggle the the the disabled guys in the US had to go through to get the kind of, to get that Yes. Facilities that he got. Exactly. It was like such a, like they actually went and like, you know, took over the town hall in San Francisco, you know, I Wish. I could do that, but nobody here would like even come to support me. First of all, I would not even be able to make it to the town hall here. So like, you know, that would be like a challenge. Right, Right.


Well, it, it doesn't sound like it would be much good anyway to go to the town hall. It doesn't sound like it'd be receptive. Exactly. So, so yeah. What if I were to come to Mumbai and you And I were to hang out together. What would you want to do with me? What would you, what would we do together? I wanna, I, the first thing I'd do is put you on a wheelchair, like, you know, without causing you any bodily harm. And like, you know, we, we just, I mean this, this, this big guy on a wheelchair and this other tall freak on the wheelchair, like, you know, talking name all over My life. Hey, easy there buddy. Easy. I mean, have you seen the attitude of the Indian towards like, any person with like, pale skin, like, you know, you would be like the star attraction here. Like, you know, like, I could pay, I could get money from people to just have you on the streets.


Like, like going over ramps, like evil canal. Hey, this isn't a circus, rusty. This sounds pretty good. You can't just say behold the Conan. Oh, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Every time I try to get into my vehicle, I have like an audience of 15 to 20 people. Like, you know, if I had to charge them, I could have earned enough to like, you know, pay for some medicine for my disease. Like, you know, like the, the, that's the first thing I would do. And the other thing I wanted to do is like, you know, I want to get all these pent up energy and all this pop culture like crap that's full of my, like, experiences all in my, I wanna start my own YouTube channel. Like, you know, oh, And I. wanna, I've already, I've already trademarked a name called Wheel Vision. Wheel Vision, I don't think Wheel Vision. Yeah. It's, it's a channeled by the Disabled for the Disabled.


And it's got nothing to do with like, sad stories. It's all about one day dedicated to like, you know, doing actual wheelchair reviews. Like you would do like a car, car review. But this Sounds Dedicated To doing, it's, this sounds like a fun Doing a talk show. This sounds like a fun, cool channel. And it sounds like you also, We've been nursing for a long time. Yeah. It Sounds like you would wanna do a lot of comedy too. Oh, I, I, I mean from everything from like a Key and Peel, kind of like a skid comedy show where no holds Barr. Like, you know, like, like do blind guys having sex using dotted condoms where like the condoms are in braille. So you get to learn new things as you're having sex. Okay. I'm writing these ideas down. Blind guys using condoms with braille.


This is, Yep. And then like, you know, somebody with like a, like a, a sign language interpreter going with a deaf guy for a singing competition and And it, the interpreter does the singing, but the guy who is actually deaf and mute gets to win the prize because, you know, well there Wait, so you just, you're just sitting around thinking of this stuff? Pitching, pitching. I, I think about me, I wake up at night thinking, what if it's the next zombie? Like apocalypse, And, I. I'm on a wheelchair, And I, turn into a zombie. I wouldn't be able to operate my wheelchair. Like, you know. Oh, I mean, I think about these things. I, I think about going to a bar and like, you know, going way over the limit. And I don't have a designated driver for my wheelchair. Like, you know, how does that work? Like, you know, So you're suggesting, and, and To be honest, like, you know, I go to like a pharmacy in the US here, it's all over the counter prescription.


I go to a pharmacy in the US the first thing they hand me is like a pill, like a bottle full of pills. And, it says don't operate heavy machinery. I'm always operating heavy machinery. Like, you know, what are you supposed, you know, it's shit like that. Yeah. Like, you know, it's, it's funny. It's, it's, I I want people to laugh at the disabled and not in a bad way. You know, it's, it's, it gets I Think you want them to laugh. You want them to laugh with the disabled. Yeah. Absolutely.


Hey, no matter where you're headed this holiday season, the trip goes better with a cup of delicious coffee, doesn't it? It sure does. I need it. That is my real fuel I know that the car needs its fuel. I need mine. It's the old Java. Yeah. Old cup of mud up and then you cup Of drink your coffee. Yeah. Best cup of coffee on the road from my money pilot travel centers. It's just what you need to bring a little joy to the journey this season. And best of all, you can save $1 on coffee now through the end of the year. Here's what you do. Download the My Rewards Plus app and save the offer. Come back every week to save $1 off any size coffee all season long. And if you've never been to a pilot, don't miss their cold brews with options like Brazilian or Cinnamon roll. Oh my god, that sounds good. You're bound to discover a new favorite. You can make and customize your coffee just the way you like it. Then get to where you're going for the holidays. So stop in for $1 off coffee when you use the My Rewards Plus app at Pilot. Pilot. See you out here. Offers available for a limited time only terms and conditions apply. See my rewards plus mobile applications for details.


Have you met all modern yet? Sona? No. don didn't. I haven't. Oh, you two have got to get together. You would love each other. Would we? Yeah. Grab a mochaccino talk. No, all modern. Lemme explain whether your style is Scandinavian inspired or it's more iconic mid-century modern, which is, I've been to your house. You guys are more mid-century. Yeah. We Are a we are, we are. Yeah. Or paired down minimalism. All modern has the best of modern furniture and decor all in one place. I'm sick of like, well, I wanna look at some modern furniture. Well, there are nine types. You have to go to nine stores. Why am I even talking to that guy? I don't Know. That guy doesn't sound cool at all. I hate that guy. Yeah. You can get 'em all in one place at all. Modern Every design is hand vetted for quality by their team of experts who can be sure to last through moves and milestones ahead. Hmm. Not to mention fast and free shipping. Yep. That means you can upgrade your space in days, not weeks. Plus, right now you'll save big on every style of modern with Black Friday deals all month long on cozy living room furniture, holiday hosting must haves and moa. That's modern made simple. Shop now@allmodern.com or visit them in store in Linfield and Dedham, Massachusetts or in Austin, Texas.


Flying is more fun with Virgin Atlanta because you get everything you need to feel like a VIP no matter which cabin you're in. That's important. Yeah. I like to feel like a VIP when I travel. Sometimes when I'm flying an economy class on another airline, I feel like garbage. Yeah. Yeah. And people actually throw garbage at you. Sometimes you do. But everyone feels like a winner on Virgin Atlantic. Baskin purple and pink mood lighting sink into comfy seats. Enjoy delicious food and drink, serve throughout the flight, including afternoon tea on day flight. So sophisticated and experience next level onboard entertainment with hours of curated movies, TV and music. Man. They know how to do it. Yeah. Plus Virgin Atlantic's, famously friendly crew provides warm, welcoming service. You know what I can tell? They are when you're on a virgin flight, they're so nice. They are really nice. I do like the, like, like lights that are in the cabin. Isn't It nice? It's cool. It makes me feel like I'm in a club. Yeah. And maybe you are in a club. Oh No. It's an, it's an, you're Right, it's an airplane. Yeah. Airplane. Anyway. Premium flyers can skip the lines with priority check-in and boarding, relax in an extra wide seat. Enjoy delicious dining with proper plates and cutlery, and sip some welcome bubbles. I hope they mean champagne and not just soapy water. And with Virgin Atlantic upper class, take VIP treatment to the next level with a private wing to check in your own security channel at London Heathrow, a dedicated bar and social space on board and your own private suite to stretch out in complete with a live flatbed. Hello. Sounds good to you, huh? Son. It does Remember, no matter where you're seated with Virgin Atlantic, it's all about you. And that's not true of the other airlines. Were like, get on the plane now. Get off the plane. Yeah, yeah. And, and on Virgin. Yeah. You are treated real well. So if you're thinking about flying to the UK anytime soon and wanna do it in style, check out Virgin Atlantic.


Hey, NFL fans, you can start the season with a big return on FanDuel America's number one sports book. So when you get a hunch in the middle of the game, you can check out the latest stats view, live, play by play, and so much more on the same page where you placed your bets. You'll get started with $200 in bonus bets guaranteed. When you place your first $5 bet. Just makes things more fun. It does. Hey bla, you're you're on FanDuel all the time, huh? You know It, I'm a Detroit Lions guy all the way. Well, You don't have to tell us specifically who you're rooting for. I'm just saying The silver, the silver and blue of their uniforms. I love it. And I. Love that team. That's Why you wrote for Teams is the colors of their uniforms. Isn't that 'cause you're from Michigan. Well, I'm, I'm from Michigan, which is why I root for the lions. but I'm just saying they're also, I thought you just randomly chose the best uniform But anyway. Isn't it true that if you've got a bet on FanDuel, it kind of has an excitement? It does. It adds Stakes. It adds excitement, drama, all Of it. It's great. Yeah. Incredible. Yeah. That's fanduel.com/ Conan. Never wastes a hunch. And make every moment more with FanDuel, an official sportsbook partner of the NFL 18 plus in present in DC First online Real Money Wager only $5 First deposit required bonus issued as non withdraw bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem call or text to 1-800-GAMBLER 1 804 2 6 2 5 3 7.


I'm curious, you said that you're, you spend a lot of time, you obviously you're very well versed in cinema. What about video games? Do you like video games? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I grew up on video games. Like, you know, like I said, if you are like on a wheelchair, there's not a lot of outdoorsy stuff that you can do though. I like gave it a shot. But yeah, video games like were introduced to me at a very young, young age, from the old Atari system playing pong with that big joystick thingy, you know, then moving on to like knockoffs. We didn't get like American game consoles. Oh. They have, they have ripoffs of, of popular video games In India. They still proliferate the markets here in Mumbai. Like you get ripoffs of every known console ever. But they've got this funny Chinese names, like the Nintendo NES used to be called the Samurai system.


Like, you know, for some reason, Do they have a knockoff of Grand Theft Auto? There is one being developed right now in India where they've taken all the old versions of GTA Grand Theft Auto, and they've taken all the tanned players from like the, the non NPC characters, the non-playing characters, were all having tans and they're put into the Indian version of the game. So every tanned n PC player has made it into the Indian version of GTA. Like, I think they just pulled this up. We've got a clip here. No, we just went Eduardo, I, Eduardo was very fast. Eduardo was just able to find a clip. This is, this is the, oh God, Indian version of, Indian version of Grand Theft Auto. And you see what I mean?


There you go. Oh My God. Oh, What, what Mario's in there. Mario's in there. Just, Oh, multiple Marios. Multiple. Yeah. I can Read the show. I don't know what's happening. I don't know what's happening. That was insane looking. Give them new credit. It's still in the prototype, prototype state. So yeah. That it's still a pilot project. Yeah. I hope that's the prototype. I've Got some notes. You have notes. Not me. That was perfect. Yeah. Yeah. It got, So it all involve and so there it's always, it mostly involves rickshaws. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. The Grand Theft Auto, it doesn't involve cars, it involves rickshaws.


They haven't progressed beyond rickshaws yet, so Yeah, that's, wow. But it's actually still called Grand Theft Auto? No, no, no. It's, it's got some Indian name. Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah, it's a working title. They still haven't figured out what to call it yet. So you say you live with your mother and your father. Tell me what's, what's your relationship like with your dad? They, they are my, my caregivers, my best friends. Like, you know, nice. And they, yeah, I'm like on first name basis with them in that sense. Like, you know, they know everything about me and I know. Wow. Wow. It sounds like you about them. That's so cool that you know your parents. Yeah. They don't throw potatoes at me. Like, you know, like, This is now world famous that my parents would fruit potatoes at each other.


Yep. No, but like my dad has like, he's never given hope. He's now 72 and he always thinks as a cure writer on the corner. And my dad is also the biggest wingman slash cock blocker. Like, you know, like every, every Wait, how is he a wingman slash cock blocker? I will tell you. Tell me about Mr. Conan. My father thinks that every woman I meet is an ideal mate for me. Like, you know, like, he couldn't do better than this. Like, you know, this is the one for him. And so the moment I strike a conversation again, I'll give you a movie reference. You've seen the Seventh Seal with the God of Dead playing chess with that night, right? Yeah. The gentleman Surrealist film.


Matt, you know about this, right? Yeah. The Nar Bergman film. My dad, my dad suddenly randomly pops out of nowhere while I'm having a conversation. I'm like using my best lines at, on a woman at a bar, like asking her to turn me on and play with my joystick. Like, you know, and then I'm using like this Very, very good. Oh yeah. That's a great line. Rusty. I can't believe your dad stepped in and ruined it. don. Don't think so. You're telling a woman at a bar play with my joystick and then you're mad that your dad fucked it up. Yeah. I mean, can you think of a better line for somebody on a wheelchair who's already like, had like a few too many and like meets a very attractive woman who like, has shown some promise to us towards him.


Yes. And my dad comes up and then he rattles off like all the assets I own and that how I could live independently. And, I make a pretty decent living. And then I would make a great husband. And I would, I'm absolutely capable of getting erections and like, you know, giving her as many kids as she wants. Oh Boy. Well, first of all, this is nothing my dad didn't say to my dates. He was constantly stepping into the room and saying he can become erect. It has happened. And then he would go back, he would retreat and the door would shut. There's like a little cuckoo clock, but He just float back. Yeah. He'd float back. Erections Are possible with the boy. And then Woo.


That was the cuckoo of you get on an erection twice a day. Yeah. When the clock strikes. Oh My God. Yeah. Wow. Well, it sounds like we have similar fathers. They were built to embarrass us because I mean, I wasn't in, I obviously I was not in a wheelchair, but I had my own struggles and my father was always coming in at just the worst time and saying the worst thing. Absolutely. Yeah. Well, I think, Were you playing with your joystick when that happened? Oh, Okay. Rusty, please. Rusty. I was raised Catholic and we don't masturbate. Yeah. Lemme see your palms. Yeah. Okay. Rusty Hair growing.


Rusty, rusty. I, I don't know what to do with you, rusty. I really don't. I think I, I but I, you know what I have to say? I am You've been dealt a difficult hand to say the least, but good Lord you have, you can say that again. You have made, you've just, you've made this such a joyous experience. You're really funny. You have a great sense of humor. It sounds like you're having a good time. And I applaud you. I really do. I think you're an really impressive person and thank you. It's very cool to know you. It really is. It has been cool to know you for the last 30 years. And if I can, if I can get to, if I can get to Mumbai, I would happily ride around.


Yeah. In a wheelchair with you side by side. Yeah. And if I can like, you know, make a few Americans s cripple and like bring them along on wheelchairs, that would help with my other startup as well. Like, you know, I'm starting a startup called include trip.com. Oh. It's like a travel startup for people with disabilities to come and visit India. That's, I want to show the world. That's a very cool idea. And, it also sounds like he could use a new wingman. Yes. Oh, and by the way, yeah, I'm not a great wingman. I'm not biased that way, Rusty. I'm not a great wingman, but I'm a lot better than your father. Okay. Yeah. I want, I'm not gonna gonna, I'll Take a word for it when you're around here. So All, right? I can prove it. Well, rusty, it's so cool to talk to you And. It's such a pleasure. Yeah. Such a pleasure to talk To you.


You meet my day, my year, my decade since 1993 when I was channel surfing for porn and came across you for the first time. I Always show up in porn. I don't know why, but I got more fans who thought they were finding porn. They said more people typed in than what they did. I guess they just typed in, I wanna see a dick. And then I popped up. No, no, no, no. It wasn't like that. Okay. The first guy I saw was the late great Joel Garden with like a young Korean guy by his side. Oh my God. He was, oh Yeah, he was awesome. Hey, Minute. I think Joel Goddard's still alive. I late, I think he, Yeah, Joel Goddard's still alive. I think he is. He, let's not get it out there that he's dead. 'cause they might try and bury him.


Okay. Okay. The late the great great Joel Godard then. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. He's still, he's still alive from God for first Godfather preparation Edge by preparation Edge Raymond. Then like, Oh my God. It's a super fan. Yeah. Hey Rusty. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. I'm so glad that you found me. You were searching for porn, but you found Conan O'Brien and that's the best way to find me. Absolutely. And thrilled to have such a funny, creative, cool person. Be a fan is All mine. Conan Pledge is all mine. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I hope we, and You guys are awesome too. Sona, Matt, Aaron, all you guys, like, you know, like you made it worth like pushing through the pandemic.


Oh, you Absolutely Did you. Thank you. You made it worth my while and like, you know. Yeah. I mean, I just put in this like, you know, everybody like asked me even the, during the pre-checks, like, you know how many times Did you apply? I said, I just did it the once. And if it was meant to be, it was meant to be. Wow. And yeah. That's so cool. It was meant to be. so there You go. Well, rusty, I hope to meet you in person one day, but until then, same here. Con be well, Tell your father to knock it off and, and be, be and take good care of yourself. Long days, pleasant night folks. It was wonderful talking to all of you. Take Care. Care, byebye. Lovely. Lovely day. Take care. Bye-Bye. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley.


Produced by me, Matt Gourley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer Aaron Blair, associate talent producer Jennifer Samples, associate producers Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez. Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at siriusxm.com/ Conan. Please rate review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wherever fine podcasts are, down


Fall is in full swing and that means whiskey season whistle Pig whiskey has the world's best aged rye and bourbon whiskey. For your favorite fall cocktail, try a Maple Old Fashioned with whistle pig's piggyback rye and barrel aged maple. Both available@whistlepigwhiskey.com slash shop. Use the code Conan for 10% off your order@whistlepigwhiskey.com slash shop. Stir sip and thank the pigs. It's Whiskey Season. Cheers.


The new Sonic Queso Smasher now available. You're gonna wanna try this. They made the Sonic Smasher you love 'cause you do love your Sonic Smasher, don't you Sonic? I love Sonic smashes And I love queso. Yeah. Well, guess what? They took the Sonic Smasher you love and they added the new creamy queso in hand. Smash patties made to order. Just makes My brain explode. I just saw your brain explode in queso came out. The sonic Queso smashes the perfect combination of Angus Pat's, creamy queso, jalapenos, and a southwest aioli. Sounds like juicy goodness to me. All that's left to do is choose a double or a triple make mine, two triples. That's a sex tupt. The new Sonic Queso. Smasher. Live Free, eat Sonic.