
Hear that Spring is here. And the Home Depot has great prices on grills to make this season yours. So if you're working on improving your hosting skills, you're going to want the next Grill, four Burner Gas Grill for $229. And of course, pair it with the next Grill eight piece Grill tool set. Now get outside and show off those new skills. Shop a wide selection of grills under $300 at the Home Depot.


Worried about what ingredients are hiding in your groceries. Let us take the guesswork out. We Thrive Market the online grocery store with the highest quality standards in the industry. We restrict 1000 plus ingredients so you can trust that you'll only find the best high quality, organic, and sustainable brands all free of the junk. With savings up to 30% off and fast carbon neutral shipping, you get top trusted groceries at your door and you can stop worrying about what your kids get their hands on. Start shopping@thrivemarket.com slash podcast for 30% off your first order and a free gift.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hey Stephanie, welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Hi, how are you? How are you Stephanie? Great. This is funny. So weird. Nothing. Absolutely nothing funny has happened so far. So you have a very low bar for funny. I do. It's been a tough week, so I'll tell I Yes, the lowest of bars. Oh, I'm sorry. It's been a tough week. Anything that matter or? No. My kids have just been home from daycare with the flu forever, So.


Oh, okay. And when the kid, no, no, no, no. Yes. Yeah, it's tough when their kids are around and You don't really, when them I Know, I know I had agency in that decision, but I didn't think I'd have to be around them all the time. It's tough. It's tough even when you adore your children. It's tough when they're constantly around. It is. It's, it's more the job. But yeah, We're getting a lit, I'm just gonna check in a little bit. Is that a little bit of feedback? Feedback? Would that be Let's just do a quick test, Stephanie, let's do a quick back and forth. How are you, how are you doing? Great. Love and life. How are you? What's your astrological sign? Capricorn. Leo Rising Gemini Moon. Oh, Jesus Christ. She was ready. I don't understand how, yeah. I'm A real scientist though, too.


I thought, wait a minute. I thought people just gave one answer when they gave their astrological Sign. Yeah, but that's not the whole picture. All Right, well, okay. I'm just an Aries. I'm not an Aries. There's no moon rising, there's no ram jumping in all you do Have it. You just might not know it. There is. You don know it. No, no, but I've looked into it. Just Aries. Stephanie, tell us a little bit about yourself. You're coming to me. I'm, they, they say you're from, are you in Central Virginia? Yeah, I'm in Richmond. Do you want me to hit recorder? We still doing it back, like No, no, no. You don't have to hit record. We can proceed just like this. Thanks for asking. Yeah. Okay, perfect. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm in Richmond, Virginia. Yeah, Central. Okay. Why'd you make, you went like Richmond, Virginia. So disgusted. Yeah. I mean, Virginia's a beautiful state.


Yeah, it is. I'm not from here. I miss Wow. So you don't work for the tourism board, do you? I don't, I do not. They should not have me. I, I will complain about the bugs and the humidity and the heat. Mm. And their inability to deal with snow and all of that, So, yeah. Okay. Well I'm gonna move on to more pleasant topics though, than the fact that you hate living in Richmond, Virginia. People know it. What do you Yeah, it's that t-shirt you wear. I Hate Richmond. Yeah. It's just, Yeah, they know. They say Virginia's for lovers and yet they have a hater living right in the center. Stephanie, you Do in the capitol.


You, I, I I see here that you're a geography professor. Is that correct? That is fully correct, yeah. Okay. This is not a police interview. You're allowed to elaborate. No. Well, I don't. Yes, I am a geography professor. That is, that is my job. Okay. And how did you get into that? I mean, how does one become a geography professor? Yeah, it's a, I as an undergrad, I checked off a box. It said I was to travel so that I got into this geology program. And that's not geography. Geology is rocks, geography is people in places. You're Talking to me like I'm an idiot. I don dunno. That's what you're doing. People Know. Do You know what geography Is? Yes. I know the difference between geology and geography. Oh, I know.


But it's more than maps. The Listeners might not all know if listen, If you, if if you're a listener right now and you don't know that geology is rocks, never listen to this podcast again. You are banished. No. Oh no. And that includes you, David, because you seem genuinely confused. So, Stephanie, you, you, you studied, you studied, you studied geology and then you said, You know what? I studied biology. I'm gonna move ge into geography. So what is it you do now? What is it you're studying? Yeah. I study a lot of different things, but I mainly use satellite data to understand changes in the landscape.


So one of the things I, yeah, do you want I can, I feel like I'm lecturing. One of the things I study is how climate change is affecting the timing of fall foliage in Maine. 'cause I love Maine. Another thing I study is how deforestation in Brazil is affecting the regional climate there. I think about that in the southwestern Amazon. I do stuff locally in Central Virginia that I love. I use drones to help map historically black cemeteries that haven't been funded. Wow. I do A lot of different things. First of all, I'm gonna cut you off and say, this is all very cool stuff and very valuable stuff. Thanks. This, this is important work. You know, it, it's forefront in our minds now, obviously, I mean, climate change has been for a long time, but we live here in Los Angeles and we're seeing the effects of terrible effects of a hundred mile an hour.


Santa Ana's and, and a a lot of homes lost in a, in a bad fire. And we're wondering, clearly things are changing and, and I think everyone's, almost everybody, I shouldn't say everybody, but I think almost every Yeah, it's almost there. Everybody is slowly getting to the reality that there is climate change. What advice do you have for, for example, there's just so much anxiety about it. My wife has anxiety about it. Yeah. Yeah. I have two children that have anxiety about it. And I, I sometimes want to be, the voice of things will be, okay, we'll figure this out. But then I sound like, You know, very Pollyanna.


I can sound like a moron. What, what's your take on this? What is, is there a way that we can be positive or talk to people about who, who are anxious on this subject? Yeah. I think it's okay to be anxious about it. I think it's kind of crazy if you're not anxious about it 'cause it's very real. But I also have a two and a 4-year-old and I, that was like an act of radical hope in society. Yes. That we would kind of figure this out. I think just getting outside and breathing and taking a walk and connecting with nature. That's what I do. If I'm getting overwhelmed, I think you can be overwhelmed, but it, you can't let it, you can't let it take over. Yep. You right. And you find, you just like find faith in your community. Like you find what you can do. Maybe eat one less burger a week. But I'm not saying become a vegetarian or a vegan.


Don't go vegan. You don't have to do that. It's not that good for the environment. If you just eat a little bit less meat, feel better about it. You can take one less flight a year. But honestly, just like being okay with being upset, allowing yourself to feel your feelings. 'cause you're ki it would to me, I think we all should be feeling our feelings a little more. Yeah. That's, that's very good advice. That's very good advice. And then Just getting outside, I should tell you, I drive a 12 cylinder car and I Sure. And I eat seven burgers a day. All your private flights. I took a private That's not probably great for your arteries. Oh, terrible. They keep trying to get me to stop, but I can't hear them over the revving of my 12 cylinder. And it runs on rainforest wood that just, I Oh my god.


The mahogany. Yeah. I mean, it's the best Wood. No, I, I, I'm trying in my small ways to do my part. It, it can all feel so overwhelming. Yes. And I also, my son gets really mad when I say this 'cause my son's a very, he's into stem and science tech and all that. And he, and I'll say to him, look, we all, we humans have to change their behavior. But I'm also hoping that science comes up with some answers. And he gets mad that I'm just putting it off on science. Like, don't worry, science will fix it because that can sound, I think irresponsible. But I do think science is gonna have to be, is gonna have to come into the equation.


Because I have my doubts that China, India, the United States, Russia us Yeah. And I'm including us, trust me, are all gonna say, You know what? We gotta change our ways. Yes, I agree. I think it's not worth it feeling guilty because like, you're not Exxon, you're not the us you're not bp, you're not the people who like lied to people for centuries about what harm this would do. So it's not worth feeling guilty. But I think you can look for the good stories. A negative headline gets 10 more clicks and a positive ones that people are always gonna write negative headlines. There are some really cool climate resiliency things going on. Some cities, they're planting more trees.


Trees are really great for cooling down cities. La I think painted some pavements white for a while. 'cause like dark surfaces trap a lot of heat. There are small scale changes that a lot of cities in the US in particular are making. And yeah, I think it's gonna be a mix of science and everyone realizing that these disasters that we keep having cost so much money. So it'd actually be cheaper if we start actually investing in climate change solutions and resilience. Yeah. I Think insurance companies in LA are gonna start investing in climate change technology because Yeah. You know, and Yeah, of course you're gonna see, I mean unfortunately at a certain point it takes, I hate to say it, but it it it does.


Yeah. Once you hurt, start hurting big businesses, pocketbook, that's when they pay attention. Yes. And they see, they see religion. I know. I'm so sorry. This is the most depressing conversation you've probably ever had. No. In first of all. No. I just talked to my staff 10 minutes ago and that was much more depressing. Real downer. Yeah. Real downer. They're just not fun people. Yeah. We had a quick meeting where I encouraged them to tell me how they really felt about me and that that went terribly. We're never doing that


again. This bracket season FanDuel is letting you make the call. 'cause right now, new customers can get $200 in bonus bets when your first $5 bet wins. You hear me? That's 200 extra binos to bet on. Everything from clutch shots to last second heartbreaks and even who's cutting down the nets, if you've been waiting to join, there's no better time. There's turn action that slang for tournament almost every day. And fan drool has amazing bet types like spreads totals, game props and so much more. I know all about this. You do? Oh, I'm a real, it sounds like it. I'm a real Beto. I I'm, I'm excited because Michigan State, which is my team, I I think they're gonna go all the way. They're number one in the big 10. Yes. Yes. Let's go all the way. You know, don't shake your head, Eduardo. Listen, you are all Michigan all the way you are always. That's right. Ever since I've known you, which is like 20 some odd years. That's right. You've been babbling about Michigan. This Michigan that You gotta try a Michigan soup. You gotta have Michigan pizza pie. I love it all. And, and, and so yeah. I say with FanDuel, Michigan State all the way. Let's go baby. Go drink. Yeah. Your favorite murderers are from Michigan. Anyway. That's true. Also, soup Visit FanDuel dot com slash conan. Get in on the college hoops action Attorney long turn is short for tournament. Must be 21 plus in present in select states for Kansas in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in present in DC. First online Real money wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Visit md gambling help.org. In Maryland,


Spring starts with savings at the Home Depot. So if you're working on getting your yard spring ready, you'll need the right tools to get it done. Like the rebi one plus 18 volt cordless string trimmer, now only $129. Or the Rio B one plus 18 volt cordless blower. Also for only $129. Save on cordless power during spring starts event at the Home Depot. Now through April 2nd.


Here At the Almond Joy factory, where tropical vibes are bound, we use soft, fresh tasting, coconut, the Crunchiest, almonds, and delicious chocolate candy. Ah, but do You know what our most important ingredient is? Sometimes you feel like a nut, Sometimes you don't. Almond joys got nuts. And something Even way better than that. Yes. Almond joy is made with almonds


and


Every sandwich has bread. Every burger has a bun. But these warm golden smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best. The filet. Fish. Fish. And you, you can have them too. And you can have it all at two for $6. Like a phileo fish, big Mac, 10 piece McNuggets or large fries, limited time only price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offers. Single item at regular price.


Bottom Of Stephanie, I I know how to brighten this up. Yeah, I'm gonna do it right now. Go I, I I take to heart what you said and, and you shouldn't be, be self-conscious. 'cause I want these discussions. Yes. It's nice when they're fun, but it's also heartening to talk to people who are out there dealing with the real problems in the world. So don't feel badly about that. Okay. And I won't feel badly about my job. Okay. Yeah. Great. Yeah. Yeah. If you wanna feel badly about something, feel badly about thinking that I didn't understand the difference between geology and geography.


No, just, I just think we don't have geography at many schools, so I just am used to, it's a battle. I've been fighting for years. Do you feel that people have lost touch with the outside world? That we're all on our screens, that we've lost touch? Yeah. With nature, I think everyone should just get out more and breathe more oxygen and stop looking at your phones more. Yeah. I, I mean as a, it's, it's weird. There was an onion had a land like 15 years ago that was like, humans look at glowing rectangles all day. And I was like, oh, it's only got worse. Yeah. I think everyone should just talk to more people and go outside and look at a tree and be like, wow. How long has that tree been there? Yeah. Longer than I have. I have an, I have an app on my phone called Nature and I just, I click it and it shows me pictures of nature and it calms that's What I really Need.


It calms me. And then, You know, every, every 15 seconds there's an ad, usually usually for a porn site. And then the porn sites are great and sometimes they're, and I'll be honest with you, Stephanie, sometimes they're outside. What If you take your phone and you watch your porn outside though? Does that work? I, that's too, but I'm just encouraging more outdoor porn. It's always in a indoor facility in the valley and I'm thinking there should be more porn that's shot outside. What's wrong with that? And I think it's 'cause of splinters. I think that's the big thing that's getting in the way. People are like, You know, I'm gonna get hurt splinter if I get in that position on top of that Redwood.


So my point is, and I don't really think I have a point, I just say that sometimes when I know where I'm going, Stephanie, I think you're right. We gotta get outside and we gotta also know what nature is. I think, I mean, there are people that don't know that the sun rises in the east and sets in the west. They don't know that, You know, they don't know how a, a tree grows. Do You know that? They don't know what's edible. Like sometimes I just go outside and I just start eating stuff, berries and things to educate myself about what's edible and what's not. Now the problem is I don't record it. I don't write anything down. I just start stuffing berries and leaves into my mouth. And then I have a very powerful diarrhea.


Sometimes violent vomiting. And so that's a mistake. I think I'm probably going at it the wrong way. You're You're employing the scientific method on your own, which is Yeah, But I'm not recording. A big part of the scientific method is record the data. Yeah. I don't do that. That's true. They, every time I go to the emergency room they say, what did you eat? And I say, I don't know. Dunno. I don't know something. And then they, You know something. Yeah. But they usually do a biopsy on what's in my stomach and find out that, so you ate a piece of a fire hydrant. A lot Of people don't, a lot of people don't know why we have seasons. That's the question that my students get wrong all of the time. Why we have seasons. Why we Have seasons. Yeah. Yeah, yeah.


Yeah. Could you explain to us why we have seasons? I know, but I wanna make sure that you Went to Harvard. Why do we have seasons? I did not go to Harvard College. I went to Harvard driving school. What's That? And I was asked to leave 'cause I couldn't parallel park. That's a common misapprehension. Well, I mean, the tilt of the earth has a lot to do with it. Yeah. Nice job. Okay, great. A lot of people think distance from the sun and that's not, we're actually closer to the sun during the winter. Yeah. But Of course the, and people get back, the angle of the earth tilts us farther away from the sun. But, You know, I don't like to brag about my own knowledge. I'm so proud, So proud of me for knowing that the ill that the earth tilts every now and then. Yes. And that I know what a rock is, Stephanie And a tree, maybe sometimes my bar is low.


I don't know. No, you seem fine. And, and your life, you said you have kids. Describe I have two kids. I have a 2-year-old and a four year-old. And they're pretty feral. And my, my oldest is a budding mycologist. He loves mushrooms. We always go mushroom hunting. But he has a book and he does record what we, and he doesn't eat it. We don't let him eat the mushrooms. Oh. The responsible parent. That's great. He's four years old and he is learning the difference between, You know, the, the safe and the dangerous mushrooms. Yeah. We have a, like a little mushroom fan club book. He's really into mushroom. He's got a mushroom fan club book. Listen, he's gonna be bullied. You know that right? I know you're not the first person.


No, no, no. But I just wanna make sure that he learned self-defense because David here was in a mushroom fan club. Yeah. Things did not go well for me. They were constantly smashing his glasses. Yeah. That was awful. Yeah. And then he came to work for me and I smashed his glasses. Yeah. I, but I think it's great. I, I, I applaud, I applaud young people being passionate about knowledge and I, I, I think that's a great thing. I think that's really cool. Yeah. Yeah. He gets outside. We, we make sure we get our kids outside. Yeah. And, and who's we? Who's your partner? My, my husband Chris, who's a delight. Okay. I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not. He No, he's the best. He's actually the best. Okay. 'cause when my wife says conan's a delight, it means she wants me dead.


What? No, No, no, no. He's great. He's with my two kids right now who are homesick from school. He's The best. What does, what does he do? He really Is, he's a behavior analyst. And what he does, he is the most patient man on earth. So he spends his days trying to help adults with disabilities, just like successfully walk through the world. Great. I mean, I think you two are killing it. Good for him. Thanks. Yeah. Go for him. Yeah, he's very Good. No, seriously, he's, I mean, I'm constantly surrounded in show business. I'm surrounded by people that are just out for themselves trying to advance their own career. I mean, I've never done that. I've taken mine, worked very hard to drive mine into the gutter. But, but I think it's amazing. I You sound like a, like both of you are working hard to make the world a better place.


Do you two get along? Thanks. It sounds like you get along pretty well. Does he ever use Yeah. His behavioral techniques on you? Yeah, a hundred percent. All the time. Whenever we're arguing, a snack will appear out of nowhere and I fully know what he is doing and I will take the snack and it doesn't matter. Wait a minute, If you, well, we did a Conan. If you, if you're fighting with your husband and arguing, he'll pop a snack into your mouth. He'll just, well he won't pop it into my mouth 'cause it's a little much. But he'll be like, are you hungry? Do you want this thing over here? And I'll be like, yeah, I want that thing. But also, Jesus, It's a, it's called a Scooby snack. Yeah. That's Okay. Well, I guess, I mean that's, that's Has he ever tried to lead you through a maze with a snack?


No, not yet. Okay. That's good. I just picture we Have been, or we have been orienteering together, but, and the snacks were more for like my self preservation. But orienteering is when you run through the woods and you have a compass and you have, yeah. Are you allowed to have a map with you when you're orienteering? You have A map. 'cause the map has checkpoints, but it's not, not like your phone and just a compass. And you have to figure out how to get where you're going. See, That's a great thing to know how to do. I dated someone once who was into orienteering and she used her orienting skills to get away from me. She got out of that relationship with a compass and a map. Stephanie, how can I help you?


Is there anything I can do to help you? Because a big part of my life is trying to help others. That's, You've described that so well before. Yeah, I was Right. So I have these two little kiddos who are two and four, two boys and they just are wild. And I was just wondering what the best parenting advice you've ever received was and maybe how I can bring that into my daily life to not get so overwhelmed. Do You have duct tape? Oh my god, do Yeah. Hundred duct tape is Yeah. Get the really strong electrical kind. It doesn't break. And you tell them it's a fun game called sit still. You just duct tape them to something. I don't, You know, it's a, it is a tricky one.


'cause all kids are different. And so how to get, are you trying to say how to, you want me to help you parent these two? You've described them as feral children that are Yeah. Running around the woods, grabbing mushrooms and stuffing them in their mouths. Yeah. And they grab our chickens and Yeah, yeah, yeah. A hundred percent. And they'll just like pick up snakes. Even though another reason Central Virginia is bad is there are venomous snakes here and there aren't back where I'm from New England, so Yeah. How do I, no. Hey, where are you from in New England? From Brockton, Massachusetts. You're Kidding. You buried the lead. I'm from Brookline, Massachusetts. I surprisingly know that. Yeah. I played Brookline High and sports a lot. Yeah. What sport?


Golf. 'cause I played golf to get outta running the mile in gym class. You got respect That, I respect that. You wait to get out of running the mile. You golf. If You played a varsity sport, you didn't have to run the mile. And I was like, I can do golf. I Love this So stupid. I wanted to be a sprinter and I tried out for the Brookline High School track team and they made me a two miler. So I ran the two mile. Oh, that sucks. Yeah. And they made me swing a golf club as I ran for no reason. It just looked funny. Wow. I have miserable memories of, of my days on the track team at Brookline High School. It, it not, no. Wasn't anything Brookline High School did. It's just that I had the lungs of a, of a 2-year-old child when I was in high school.


And it was not a fun experience. I don't think I was a good winner. Yeah. I I'm not built to run either, which is why I tried to golf it out. Yeah. Well, you're from Brockton and you've made your way to I am a, a play even though you study maps and your specialty is where things are in the world, you have moved to a place you seem to despise. Called It's so hot here. It's so Humid. Then get outta there. Get out. It's so buggy. Go. What's keeping you there? Academia, the whole hierarchy. It's so, it's so hard. They Have schools other places. I know, but they have to want me to.


I I, yeah, you're right. They have schools other places. I have. Yeah. I don't know what to say. I've applied. I love my job here from 600 miles north. I would Never leave Job. You know what I love? I can't wait job. I can't wait till word gets out and it will 'cause this is a popular podcast. No, stop, Stephanie, that you were pleading with a way to escape and that you're desperately sending out applications to other schools. I go up for 10 out. You're up for tenure. Not anymore. Not anymore. You're gonna be eating mushrooms day in and day out. You're gonna be living in the woods with a compass. I Love it here. Oh, I love it here.


I love it here on the ninth level of Dante's. Ha. Oh, Stephanie. People here Know how I feel about Richmond. Sure they do. They do now. They do now. Well listen. Well, I've did Before. Yeah. Well, listen, I hope I've helped you. I've, I think I've helped you move out of that job. And once you're homeless, once you're homeless, you'll have to move on and you can move back to Brockton. Yep. Yeah, I can. My parents moved out of Brock. They're in Wilmington now, so, but yeah. Okay. I guess I would go somewhere around northern bo, north of Boston. I can't afford that.


No one can afford that. What are you talking about? First of all, it doesn't sound like, I mean, your children can feed themselves. True. They sound Yeah, it's true. Pretty much like wildebeest. So they don't need clothing. We have these two mon we have two, these two monsters. Yeah. They'll just be, you'll just have them on long ropes and you and your husband will be walking around the woods and you'll be saying, look, a tree. Isn't it crazy? And your husband will give you a snack to change the topic. All Perfect, Stephanie. It's all a mess. What a perfect Life. What a perfect life you've just envisioned. Like I I love it here. Yeah. Too late Stephanie. I know.


I just did one. Listen, it's been really nice talking to you. And why don't you check in with us and tell us what your new city and new profession is in about six weeks. I know It's too late. Stephanie. You did this to yourself and You know what, this was a cry for help. You didn't, don't worry about it. You did. Yeah. I actually didn't have a question about parenting is how do I get out of this job that I do like I just in a place I don't like Too late. You're just digging the hole deeper and deeper. And as You know from geography and geology, If you dig deep enough, you'll end up in China. All right, Stephanie, I gotta run. But you take care. Okay. Thank you so much. And say hi to your kids, Greg. And Greg, those monsters.


Close enough. All right. Take care. Thank Greg. Bye-bye Stephanie. Bye. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer Aren Blair, associate talent producer, Jennifer Samples, associate producers Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan.


Please rate review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wherever fine podcasts are down,


Hear that Spring is here. And the Home Depot has great prices on grills to make this season yours. So if you're working on improving your hosting skills, you're going to want the next grill, four Burner Gas Grill for $229. And of course, pair it with the next Grill eight piece grill tool set. Now get outside and show off those new skills. Shop a wide selection of grills under $300 at the Home Depot.


Here At the Almond Joy Factory, where tropical vibes are bound, we use soft, fresh tasting, coconut, the Crunchiest, almonds, and delicious chocolate candy. Ah, but do You know what our most important ingredient is? Sometimes you feel like a nut, sometimes You don't. Almond joy got nuts. And something Even way better than that. Yes, almond made with almond.