
Sonic has really done it this time. Yep. They've achieved the perfect balance of texture and flavor with their latest burger. The new Sonic Smasher. Yeah. And Triple Sonic Smasher. Oh my God. They broke the barrier with this one. They've got made to order smashed and seared Angus patties that are crispy around the edges and juicy in the middle. I always ask for that and no one can do it. But Sonic, to top it off, there's tangy smasher sauce, creamy melty American cheese, crinkle cut pickle, diced onions, and it's all served on a pilly soft potato bun. Yeah. God bless you. Sonic. Try the Sonic Smasher today, and don't forget to add a half price drink when you order in the app. Live free, eat Sonic.


Introducing an SUV where everything for every passenger feels just right. The all new 28 25. It's Infinity QX 80. It's infinity's most luxurious, full-sized three row SUV that's full of customizable advanced features. Yes. Individual audio easily isolates calls or directions to the driver's seat. Oh, that's cool. So when you take a call, it's all business front with a party going on on the back. Yippee. Happy New Year. Feeling parched or hungry, hit the front console cool box for an icy cold drink or snack. Here it is here a snack. It probably doesn't do that But. anyway, that's just a few of the many amazing and new features available in the all new Infinity Q QX 80. Discover your just right. Visit infiniti usa.com to learn more about the all new Infiniti QX 80. Availability of features may vary by trim level packaging and options.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay. Let's get started. Hi. Hi, Mara. Welcome to Conan O'Brien. Needs a fan. Hi. Hi, Mara. How are you? Nice to, nice to meet you all. Nice to meet you too. Mara, where are you? Where are you in the world? I am from Vienna, Austria. Are you in Vienna right now? I Am in Vienna right now. Yes. I have never been to Vienna. I, I love Vienna. I think was Vienna where they shot the movie Mozart. Which one? There are several. Amadeus, Amadeo Ahmad Am I think they shot, they Shot the Third Men.


They Shot the third Men. Oh, the third men in Vienna. That's right. I don't know. Vienna is one of those cities that I've always wanted to visit because it's just magical. I've heard. It's beautiful. It's genuinely one of my favorite cities. So Mara, you live in Vienna, Austria, which I think sounds lovely. I'm sensing a lot of pink your hair. Oh, no. It's, it's, it's awful. It's just the worst color ever. There's, it looks like you're on in a scene from Barbie, but there's, I'm, I'm sensing that, do you like pink Is pink, maybe your favorite color. That's the sense I'm getting just in this scene. I'm seeing it. It is, it is. Yeah.


It's, it's kind of o bleak story. I dated my ex-boyfriend for too long. And I toned myself down for him. And after he kicked me out with five days to get lost, basically I decided, okay, I'm gonna stop that. I'm gonna love myself so much more and just be the brightest version of myself. And then I also came out as gay, so, Okay. Well, first of all, Double whammy, But are you happier now? I am so happy. Good. That's all, that's important. I mean, that's the important thing. And also, I, I, in a way, it's a very, it's a powerful story because you found yourself And I like that.


You're just doubling down on what gives you joy, color, pink that I'm going for it. You know? Good for you. Yeah. So And I would just like to mention that we have the same hairstyle. True? Yes. I was going to say, your hair looks, maybe I should, maybe I should dye my hair pink. Go pink. I should go pink. What do you think? Go do it, Mara. What do you think? It's, it's Such a great color. It's such a great color. It's so complimentary though. You have a lot of pink undertones, so maybe, maybe not You. I have pink undertones. Are you, are you saying that my skin? What? What are you saying? She started Off, so like, you gotta do it. And she's like, oh, wait. Nevermind. You're already too pink, as she's Saying.


Do you realize I have advanced liver failure? I mean, me too. Maybe so. Okay, good. Oh, wow. Well, how, Hey, we're, hey. As long as we're all laughing about how our bodies are shutting down. Well, tell me a little bit about yourself. What do you, what do you do, Mara? Tell us a little bit. What's your full name? Mara. Oh gosh. My full name is Mara Emelia Langberger. Oh my goodness. That is a long name. Yeah. Maria, that's A very long name. Ma Amelia er La Bager. Yeah. That sounds like a really cool beer. Yeah.


And I would like another la Sorry, I'm just gonna market that. If You don't mind. I your permission. What are your, go ahead. What are your hobbies? What do you like to do? Well, I'm a very normal person with very normal hobbies. You know, Mara, wait a minute, Mara. Whenever people say that Uhoh uhoh, it means that we're in for a world of weirdness murder. Yeah. So tell me what is, let's hear it. Let's hear it. Mara. So, so maybe there's several taxidermy hamsters in my apartment right now. Oh, Oh, so you, you like taxidermied? Do you like all animals?


Taxidermied or just hamsters? No, I like all taxidermied animals. Okay. I just happen to have a couple of hamsters. Okay. So how do you acquire these animals to taxidermy them? And here's where we reveal that you're possibly a dangerous person. Yes. I, I strangle, I actually, I sent my cats out. My cats. No, what do you really do? Cats out to murder hamsters and get them Hamster murderer. I, I'm gonna say, Mara, just by talking to you, you seem like a gentle soul. And I. I, I believe that you probably do not harm any animals.


Is that true? No. They are all ethical taxidermy. That means the, the animal died of natural causes, or they are just vintage and extremely old. Okay. So by vintage you don't mean alive because I'm old by, I'm vintage, but still here you mean that you find animals that have suffered a massive heart attack. Yes. They, they've passed on already and then you taxidermy them. I Don't taxidermy them myself. I work with an artist who is extremely talented. And how many of these She does the taxidermy. Okay. I like that though. I like ethically taxidermied animals, animals that have already pe I only eat, I eat meat, but I will only eat steak where the cow Oh.


Passed away. It was, it was pet death. Old age and, and like, yeah. Old age, old, old cows. Sometimes if the car was in a, if a cow was in a car accident and passed on, then I'll eat the cow old Diseased cows. Yeah. That's What you like. I, I just, that's my way And. I'm ethical. What about cows that have died from mad cow disease? Now you're getting crazy. Okay. But if they were, if they had mal mad cow disease and were stupid enough to get on a motorcycle and then got killed at eat them, Mara, we went on a little bit of attention. Stupid attention. Stupid. Yeah. And. I. Apologize. And you're better than that. And. I'm not. Okay. So you like taxidermy animals? Yes. And how many of these taxidermy animals do you have?


I own a cat skull. It's not taxidermy. It's just a skull back. There is Miss Daisy. It's a little duckling and two hamsters. Okay. So that's the full compliment. That's everything you have? No, there's currently a third hamster on the way. On the way. You mean you're just waiting for him to die? He's in hospice. He's in hospice. He's in You check in every now then. How you doing there, Mr. He's been in a coma for a very long time. How you doing There, Mr. Pins? We're waiting to pull the plug. And. then we can actually, Actually, today I'm feeling a little better.


Really? No, you don't. Oh my God. She just pushed the ster off a No, no, no. She put the pillow. They were the pillow. Did. you Did you put Did. you ever walk in on a ledge? Did. you ever walk into the hamster with a tiny little hamster sized pillow with A tiny hamster pillow Sleep. Well, Mr. Pimps, what else do you do? Oh, The tiny hamster pillow. Tell us a little more about yourself besides taxi dering. Tell me, tell me other interesting things about you. Things that you do with your time or, I'm a textile. I'm a textile designer. I design fabrics. Great. Very good. Yeah. The dress that I made is from a f The dress that I made, the dress that I'm wearing is from a fabric that I made.


And, I made the dress as well. Wow. Oh, you're very talented. Yeah. All of this back here is is from, from me. Yeah. Very good. That's very impressive. That's very impressive. Yeah.


Some trips are better in an Airbnb, like the trip you want to take with extended family where you wanna stay close, but you don't wanna all share that one bathroom. Yeah. You just did it recently. I Just went to Lake Arrowhead and I stayed in a, a listing that was a guest favorite. And I loved it so much. I was like, I think I wanna buy a house in Lake Arrowhead. And I remembered. I don't have money to do that. Yeah, yeah. So I, I that changed. but I loved the Airbnb experience there so much that I was like, let's look at real estate here. My wife, And I did an Airbnb on this island that is off of Washington. The coast of Washington. And. it was amazing. It was great. And. it was just such a nice experience. Yeah. Better than a hotel. Yeah. You know, don don't want someone, Mr. Brian, would you like us to carry you to your toilet, please? Well, yes I would. I would like to be carried to my toilet, but occasionally I don't want to be asked that. Yeah. That's when I want to Airbnb. So yeah, whatever it is, Airbnb is the best place to be.


There's nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you. Check this out. That's nice. Whether you're going on a weekend getaway outta the mountains, or let's say you're on a dream vacation, or in my case, a work trip to Thailand. It's just fantastic. Let me explain. It starts the moment you take off with free in flight wifi so you can stream your favorite show on the go. I mean, that's incredible. That is actually pretty sweet. I love that. I mean, that's insane. I'm always there with my credit card. You know, I can't figure it out. I lose the credit card. Yeah. The phone is stolen. Someone punches me. You start crying. I cry a lot when you land. T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands and an upgrade to Hilton Honors Silver Plus you're covered with five gigabytes. Five gigabytes. That's more than four of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with the go 5G plus or next plans. These are just a few of the perks that feel like big wins when you travel with T-Mobile And. it, it's nice to stay connected to your family. I travel a lot, I do these travel shows. And if I'm filming another country, I know I can get to my family right away. Yeah. They usually don't wanna speak to me, but they have To. They screen your calls a lot, don't they? I suspect them of screening. Yes. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel today. Qualifying plan required wifi were available on select US Airlines registration and Hilton Honors membership required for Hilton Honors Silver terms and conditions apply.


Football's approaching. It's time to get in on the action early this season. What are your favorite NFL future bets? Do you have an NFL team? You like Sona? Well, I, I like the res 'cause they're an LA team, but I also grew up liking the Raiders 'cause they were an LA team. So But It gets confusing in la Yeah, it does. Teams coming. Teams going. Yeah. You know, I'm from Massachusetts, so I gotta go Patriots all the way. Yeah. Pat guy Gotta go. Bats I. don know why I did it in Chicago. Accent. Oh, neither da pats. I got my brat and duck hats. I I'm saying lions all the way this year. Now do You Detroit Lions. Okay. You like Detroit Lions? I I do like the Detroit Lions. I don't know a lot about sports, but FanDuel makes it easy. So, you know, I, I think I'm, I think lions all the way, man. Let's do it. I I I'm wishing the lions well. Thank you. I like it when victory is spread around. Wow. Thank you. If it can't be the Patriots okay, then I'm, I'm happy for it to be the Lions All. right, But, and, but not the Raiders. Not the Raiders No. Or the Rams? No. Oh, so just you And I. Not 10 My 10 because they're just running around. How do they may not even, All the teams run around. That's Football. No, they may not be in LA next year. Your team. They may come on. You know what I mean? It's like an unreliable girlfriend could be gone in a second. So feisty. Oh, they'll be the Catalina Catalina Rams. Oh, wait, no, they're the Alaska Rams. Tons of different player props like passing yards, TD rushing and receiving total and more. Also great team markets like to make playoffs win the division in Super Bowl matchups and you can parlay together different picks for even bigger payouts. Yeah. Right now, new customers can get $150 in bonus bets. If your first $5 bet wins, there's no better place to get ready for the football season than on FanDuel America's number one sports book and official sports betting partner of the nfl. Just visit fanduel.com/ Conan to signup today. 18 plus in present in DC First online Real Money Wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued as non withdrawal bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem call or text to 1-800-GAMBLER 1 804 2 6 2 5 3 7.


Sonic has really done it this time. Yep. They've achieved the perfect balance of texture and flavor with their latest burger. The new Sonic Smasher. Yeah. And Triple Sonic Smasher. Oh my God. They broke the barrier with this one. They've got made to order smashed and seared Angus patties that are crispy around the edges and juicy in the middle. I always ask for that and no one can do it. But Sonic, to top it off, there's tangy smasher sauce, creamy melty American cheese, crinkle cut pickle, diced onions, and it's all served on a pillowy soft potato bun. Yeah. God bless you. Sonic. Try the Sonic smasher today and don't forget to add a half price drink when you order in the app. Live free eat Sonic.


What else? What other things do you do? Oh gosh. I build miniature, miniature miniatures, tiny dioramas. And currently I am working on a seventies themed living room that I have nicknamed the Coke room. Whoa. You build tiny dioramas. Yeah. And you're building one that's a tribute to the seventies called the Coke room. And then do you ever put your little taxidermy animals in there? Like there's a little hamster who's Scarface? And there's just a bunch of cocaine on a table. And then maybe, and then maybe a little cat. I mean, choking. But a cat skull.


Cat skull comes in wearing a white suit. And. it is just a, I Mean, I mean, I know you're choking, but I, that's the plan. Can we see it? Do you have any made that you can lift up? Can you show us the day around? Sure. You're making a miniature cocaine den and you're gonna put your taxidermied hamsters in there. So. Oh, Oh my God. Look at that. What the, I have to take the dust cover off. Yeah, you're gonna have to hold it up a little more. So there is a hamster. Is that a hamster? It is a hamster, yes. And That doesn't up.


Oh my God. There's electricity. Oh my God. And is the, is the hamster. What's the hamster doing? He is just sitting and reading a book. Oh, well that was seventies coke room. No, that's not the seventies coke room. The seventies coke room isn't done yet. Oh, I see. I'm sorry. I thought that was the seventies coke room. No, that was And I thought. Man, you have never done cocaine. Do you think it just involves sitting down and reading? No. Oh, there, oh, there it is. Okay. I just, ah, you're very talented. The, the bones, the bones are done. You can't see it. Probably, but I designed the wallpaper for it.


And I built Good thing. I don't put anything away. And it's, it's just all on my desk here. It's a tiny Oh oh, nice. Teeny tiny bookshelf. Oh, cute. You are very creative. Yeah. There's a little chair, Tiny chair that I still have to put the upholstering on. And is the textiles the way that you make money? Is that the only way that you make money, is through the textiles At the moment, yes. And, I mean if you want to give me money, I accept it clearly. Sure. I mean, I'm always willing to mail anybody money who wants money. Sure. Yeah. Really?


Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, anyone, anyone here at the, I've always, it's a policy I have here at work that if anybody needs any money, I will just tell. Take care of you. Yeah. And I think she's fixing her light first. Okay. But I, it's very good. I'm sorry, the, the cat's got in the way. Oh. Oh, I thought the lights went out, but, whoa. Oh wait, that's a live cat run. Cat run. Get out of there. Hey, cat, get out of there. No. Oh, what a good cat. Wow. I know what's what. Lays ahead for that guy. So, so Mara, it sounds like this is a very good time in your life because you've found it's, yeah. You've found things that you really love.


You've, you've got your textile work. You love the color pink. You seem to wear that almost exclusively. You love I I. do you love taxi dering animals that have died in a peaceful way or violently, but not at your hands. You have a cat who, it's just a matter of time. I, I have, I Have Two. You have two cats. And do the cats ever check out the taxidermy and look at each other and go, we need to split. We need to get outta here. Well, no, because the, the big black one that you just saw is blind, so she literally can't see it coming.


Fuck. So you made sure to get a blind cat. So the blind cat has no clue. Yeah. And the, the boy Catt is just, he's challenged. Yeah. Yeah. Well, aren't He's he's not particularly smart. No. If he's living with you, he's not. No. Also seems selected that way. If he's living in death alley, then no. And I'm glad you got out of that bad relationship. Are you in a good relationship now? Yeah, Me too. Yeah. I am. I'm married. Oh, you are? Okay. And I am married this week is my two year wedding anniversary.


Happy anniversary. Thank you. Do you My wife lives in Sacramento. So you are more likely to, to run into them than I am. Actually. Wait, your wife lives in Sacramento? Yeah, they do. Okay. And what do they do there? Living there? They, they are American. Oh, gotcha. I see. But you still get to spend time together? We spend time together once a year. We try to, yeah. Okay. You have a little advice for me, Mara? Yes, of course. You should definitely come visit Vienna because it's a beautiful city and it's absolutely fantastic.


The thing is, you have to be very careful when you're on the escalator, because the right side of the escalator going down or up is reserved for people standing. And the left side of the escalator is exclusively for people walking. And if you don't walk on the left side of the escalator, but you stand still, it is very likely that an old grandma will come by and beat you up. So All. right. Well, this is good to know. So, yeah. So on the right side, you can stand still of the escalator on the left. You need to move up the stairs.


You need to move. How fast do you need to move up the stairs to get outta the way of this insane grandmother? And I mean a little bit faster than the grandma and grandmas are not that fast usually. Is it just one grandma that we're worried about or just Yeah, A bunch of them. And if there, if it is just one. Can't we taxi Jeremy her? I wanna find this grandmother. Yeah. If they have a walking stick, you have to really, really look out because they will use the walking stick. Is it, it's acceptable in Vienna for somebody to strike someone else with a walking stick? I, it happened to me at least twice.


Oh my God. Because you weren't moving fast enough or you weren't moving at all? I Wasn't moving on the left side of The escalator. Are you sure? You just kill their hamsters and they're out to get you. Yeah. What if Conan wants to fight a grandma? Yeah. Can I say something? I have fought many a grandmother in my day. And I mean all around the world. I can't say my record is good, but I want to challenge grandmothers everywhere. Yeah. In all parts of the globe. Bring it. Yeah, bring it, granny. Let's bring your stick, bring your crutch, bring your, bring your hard cake that you let go stale.


You can throw your teeth at me. I will take you down. Do you think I'd have a good time in Vienna? Oh, absolutely. I mean, absolutely. I think would escalators Would love it. Escalators aside, I'd have a good time. Would I fit in? Yeah. You think people would accept me in Vienna, You would stick out because you're so tall. But other than that, I think you would do fine in Austria. Yeah. We also hate every other people. So you fit right in. I think. Well, wait, that would include me, wouldn't it? They would hate me then because Yeah. But then it's, but then it's mutual. Okay. So All, right.


Okay. I think I get it. Yeah. So the slogan in Austria is, we hate you as much as you hate us. Yep. Yeah. Pretty much. Yeah. Yeah. And watch out. Here comes granny. For sure. Well, Mara, it was really nice talking to you, and I'm glad that you have found the life that's making you happy. You know, I'm, I'm glad I'm Thanks. You seem like a very nice person and a good soul. So I, yeah, it's, I applaud You that I put on that, that people don't realize how fucking awful and hamster murder as I am. Well, we have you on tape confessing, so we're sending the ham, we're sending the hamster detectives right now.


They have little pipes, you'll see. Nice talking to you, Mara. Take care. Nice talking to you too. Bye-Bye bye-Bye bye. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gourley, executive, produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer, Aaron Blair, associate talent producer, Jennifer Samples, associate producers, Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at siriusxm.com/ Conan. Please rate, review, and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wherever fine podcasts are down


At Ashley, you'll find colorful furniture that brings your home to life. Ashley makes it easier than ever to express your personal style with an array of looks in fun, trending hues to choose from, from earth tones to vibrant colors, to calming blues and greens. Ashley has pieces for every room in the house, in the season's most sought after shades. A more colorful life starts at Ashley. Shop in store online today. Ashley, for the love of home,


Look around. You can find cars like these on Autotrader. New cars, used cars, electric cars, maybe even flying cars. Okay? No flying cars, but as soon as they get invented, they'll be on Autotrader. Just you wait. Autotrader.