
There's a lot to say when buying a new home or car, but only one thing to say that can help you protect them like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Hear me? I did. I heard you. And just like that, a State Farm agent will be there to help you choose the coverage you need. You just say that and they show up. They come jumping out of a shrub. Oh, cool. No matter where you are in life, when you need the coverage options, your State Farm agent is there to help on the phone or in person like a good neighbor. State. Farm is there.


Well falls here. Everyone's getting back from vacation headed Back to school. You know what that means? That's right. Time to get back into Bombas. Oh man. The amazingly comfortable socks, teas, and underwear that give back with every purchase they have the best socks for fall. Now these aren't regular old fall colors. They're actually playful and kind of fun. And the Merino wool socks are so cushy. They're like walking on pillows and I've walked on pillows. Oh. And Bombas. And it's the same. Yeah, I like 'em too. Yeah. So ready to feel good. Head over to bombas.com/ Conan and use code Conan for 20% off you first purchase. Let me explain. That's bombas. B-O-M-B-A s.com/ Conan. Go Conan at checkout.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hello. Hi Penny. Welcome to Conan O'Brien. Needs a fan. Hi, How are you All? Hi Penny. How are you? I am amazing, thank you. Even better now. Well first of all, penny, it's wonderful to meet you. I'd love to know just a little bit about you. Where are you calling from and tell us a little bit about yourself. So I'm calling from RO in New Zealand. I'm from Christchurch. I have a part, lovely partner, Malcolm. And we have four cats, which is overwhelming, but that's kind of our, our main personality at the moment.


Okay. So Did, you ever think Yes, after one or two cats, Did, you think maybe enough? What made you get four cats? We got a third one 'cause the other two are quite old and he was really lonely. So we got a fourth one and we thought it would be okay. We're like, it's fine. It's not that many more, but the two younger ones are Maine coons. So it suddenly felt like a lot. And even we are like, oh God, we've become those people. We are, we are the crazy cat people now. Yes. You have become that which everyone fears. Yeah, it's true. Kenny, I've, tell me, oh, so you have this, you have a, a partner named Malcolm, is that correct? That's correct.


Yep. Okay. And how long have you two been together? We have been together just over five and a half years now. Oh, very nice. And how's it going? It's Good. It's good. Yep. We, we own a house together, so that sounded really unsure. No, it's great. We own a house together. We have four cats. Like what could, what more could we want in life? Well, you just described it's the American and apparently also the New Zealand dream is a cat. Yeah. Four cats in a house. How, how do you think I would like New Zealand if I visited you? What do you think we would do? Oh, you would love New Zealand. It's a really, everyone is very, very friendly and welcoming. The things that you would do. We love adventure sports in New Zealand.


So I'd take you bungee jumping. bungee jumping was invented in New Zealand. So everyone that comes to visit has to give it a go. Ooh, Okay. Here's the no first of all, penny, I don't have to give it a go. Let me explain to you that I'm taller than people think. I have very long legs. My fear is that they will attach the bungee cord, but they will underestimate my length. And also they will underestimate how much I stretch so that my neck will hit the bottom of the gorge, And it will crack leaving me paralyzed. I think there's an 80% chance that happens. They always do it in really deep water. So you might just get a wee dunking, your head just might go in the water and you'd be okay.


I know there's gonna be a rock right where I dunk. I, I'm also afraid, and I'm being honest about this, that my ligaments are weak. That my legs would just tear off when I hit the end of the bungee rope and my torso would go spiraling into the water. Oh no, I'd still survive somehow. But it Would be a memorable experience. You'd make it on the news in New Zealand. Everyone, even It'd be a big Story if, If losing my leg, if separating my legs from my torso and almost drowning in the water gets me on the news in New Zealand. I'm in. Yes. I love attention. I love news coverage.


Is there anything I can help you with? If I visited you, are there, is there any way a penny that I could be of service to you? I like to try and help my friends around the world. Absolutely. So as I mentioned, Malcolm And I have been together for five and a half years. We are getting so much pressure from everyone in our lives to get married. And everyone's asking the question, when are you getting engaged, when you're getting married? And we are both pretty chilled out about it. We're at no great rush, but everyone else we know is getting engaged and married at the moment. So the conversation's coming up all the time. I am Malcolm's an even less of a rush than I am. So when the time comes, then I'm really like, okay, it's been long enough, now it's time.


I need to really help with like a way I can just subtly start putting that thought in his mind. He's a pretty chilled out, easygoing person, so he's just kind of like, yeah, it's all good. No rush. We'll get there when we get there. But he is also a really big yes man. So if I suggest things And I come up with plans for us to do, he's really happy to go along with things. And so I just need a plan to help. Have you suggest, have you suggested Penny that maybe, first of all, a couple of questions. A lot of young people just don't see the need to get married these days. They can live together forever and never get married. But would you like to get married? Probably one day It would. It'd be nice to at least get engaged and, and just have, have, have that at least.


Yeah. Yeah. So you'd like an engagement ring, but then you'd never want to get married. Maybe just an engagement ring for a long time. Is that right? Maybe we'd eventually get married, but we'd like elope somewhere. It'd be really casual. It wouldn't be a whole big, a whole big shebang or anything. Like Here's what, what I'm getting Penny, I'm getting that Malcolm isn't that focused on getting married, but you are not either. Is that right? I'm not at the moment, but I feel like in another year or two I might be like, okay, it's it's time. It's, it's the logical next step. Like, so right now I'm not but I feel like it might be coming. Okay. Penny, are you asking me to come to New Zealand and talk to Malcolm and maybe put some pressure on him?


Would you like me to do that? E Either that or if there's some like way you can subtly just start, give me some like little subtle hints of things. I can just weave into our conversations. Mm. Well no, I don't think I She are You don. She doesn't want you to come. Doesn't Want to. Well, no, I'd love you to come, but only if you come bungee jumping. Oh. Oh wait a minute. Okay. So you don't really care that much if I help you get engaged. That doesn't seem to be important to you. But you do wanna see me be badly injured, jumping off a bridge in New Zealand? No, I just really want you to experience like the, a great Kiwi tradition of bungee jumping. So you really feel like the New Zealand culture.


Do You have any other traditions besides bungee jumping? Like we drink a whole bottle of red wine and Well we, we watch old, we watch Old Bay watches, you know, anything like that. We actually do. New Zealand's has a, is a little bit of a binge culture, binge drinking culture, which is not the best. But we do have a tradition in December, the first weekend of December called Crate Day and everyone gets a big crate of beers. It's 12 big, big beer bottles. And you drink, you start get up early in the morning, you drink the crate. Oh, Oh. And then then you go bungee jumping. Yeah. Yeah. That's the thing is we want to integrate both. So maybe a creative beer and then bungee jumping and then a Wedding it might give And followed by a wedding.


Yes. Yes. Yeah. So what if we did that? What if I drink some beer, then bungee jump and then you two are married on the bridge that we just bungee jumped on And you could officiate the wedding. I would do that. I've done that before. I've officiated weddings before. Would you, do you think Malcolm would be open to that? I think Malcolm would a hundred percent go along with it if it was a big, like, if if the plan was there, he'd be like, yeah, why not? Let's do it. Wow. So you could just by sheer fact that you would officiate might e escalate their wedding. Yeah. That's big. Yeah. But Did, you hear the two parts before that? Yeah. You gotta do those. I have to drink like this crate of beer. Yes. Yeah. I'm not exactly a beer person.


Can we change the, we we could swap it out. Can we modify it? So it's like a, a really nice Russian River Valley Pinot Noir Jesus Christ instead of a bia. You know, We'd have to make it like a New Zealand Mora wine. Like it would have to be a wine from here. 'cause it wouldn't feel right having an overseas wine. Okay. I do. So you'd have To travel out wine. You know what I'll do? I can put a New Zealand label on any, any wine. We'll figure that part out. We have, you know, a prop department. In fact we can put anything in the beer bottles that we want. So I'm not worried about that. We'll I think what, what's important is that what you're describing is a scenario where I drink the beer, then I bungee jump, then I officiate a wedding between you and Malcolm.


Do you think that could happen? Absolutely. It definitely could happen. Wow. That's cool. That's exciting. And you know what? That's a cool wedding. That's, and tell me something, would that be thought of in by New Zealanders as a Oh that's a great New Zealand wedding. Oh yeah. Everyone would be like, fuck yeah. That's pretty awesome that, that's New Zealand Grand Grandmother's everywhere. Fuck yeah.


Have you met all modern yet Sona? No I didn't. I haven't. Oh, you two have got to get together. You would love each other. Would we? Yeah. Grab a mochaccino talk. No, all modern. Lemme explain whether your style is Scandinavian inspired or it's more iconic mid-century modern, which is, I've been to your house. You guys are more mid-century. Yeah, we are a We are, we are. Yeah. Or paired down minimalism. All modern has the best of modern furniture and decor all in one place. I'm sick of like, well I wanna look at some modern furniture. Well, there are nine types. You Have to go to nine Stores. Why am I even talking to that guy? don don't know. That guy doesn't sound cool at all. I hate that guy. Yeah, you can get 'em all in one place at all Modern, every design's hand vetted for quality by their team of experts. You can be sure to last through moves and milestones ahead. Not to mention fast and free shipping. Yep. That means you can upgrade your space in days, not weeks. Plus right now you'll save big on every style of modern with Black Friday deals all month long on cozy living room furniture, holiday hosting must haves and more. That's modern made simple. Shop now@allmodern.com or visit them in store in Linfield and Dedham, Massachusetts or in Austin, Texas.


Sona when you take a big trip Yeah. With the family and I know that you love to travel and your kids are getting old enough now where they like to travel too. Yeah, That's true. Who looks after the house? That's the thing. Nobody. Yeah. And so I've actually been toying with the idea of maybe, you know, putting my house up on Airbnb, making some extra cash, having someone there. It's Like you're hosting people. Exactly. It's like you're getting paid to travel. You can use the money Yeah. That you get from putting your house up on Airbnb. Right. To help finance your trip. Exactly. And you know what? There's people there that are looking after my relics. You have a lot of people don't know this, but Sona has a lot of ancient Greek relics at Etruscan Relics. Yes, exactly. You have a lot of sculpture from the Assyrian Empire. Sona has billions and billions of dollars worth of ancient Yeah. Ancient artifacts that have never even been looked at by archeologists. They should All be in a museum. They really should be. Yeah. But it's nice when you're, when you're away, your home could be an Airbnb and that's something to keep in mind. Yeah. So your home, aka your future Airbnb might be worth more than you think. Find out how much at airbnb.com/host.


You know what's nice? In the old days, if you wanted a cinematic experience, you had to go to the movie theater. Yeah. You had to get your ass to a movie theater. Not anymore. With Samsung oled, you get a full cinematic experience without leaving your couch. There's actually a brand new Samsung OLED here in Team Coco studio. And it's tough to say focused on podcasting when the picture quality is this good. I'm always losing track. Oh, I'm supposed to be interviewing one of the great people in history. And I. Start drifting away from Them. I've noticed Because I'm looking at the amazing picture on the Samsung Olad. Yeah, you Dropped the ball a lot. Yeah, Maybe. Yeah. Yeah. The AI powered processor upscales your favorite content in brilliant 4K resolution. you get to experience colors on a TV as they're meant to be seen because this is the only OLED TV validated by the industry leading color experts at Pantone Plus on OLED S 95 D, you get OLED glare free technology so you can watch everything you love with nearly no glare. I can't stand glare. I hear you. When there's glare. I can't even see the picture. Yeah. Gamers the picture. The picture gamers, you're covered too. Hey gamers, don't worry. What's that? Gamers you're covered too. Oh really? Yes. Motion accelerator 144 Hertz delivers ultra, ultra smooth motion and AI auto game mode tell is your game settings to its genre. Speaking of gaming, you know we're gonna be filming another clueless game or play. What game are we playing this time? I Like to surprise you so I don't wanna tell you. We're also narrowing the games down. So if you out there have an idea of a game you want us to play, go to Team Coco podcast on Instagram and leave us a comment and we might pick that game. Can't wait to see how great this game looks on the Samsung OLED tv. And I'm just gonna add, it's AI powered upscaling. That's right. Stay tuned for the next clueless gamer releasing late November experience TV the way it's meant to be seen with Samsung oled. Visit samsung.com/oled to learn more. Upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experiences may vary according to types of content and format.


God, I love football season. I love the rituals of football. Like What? Don't do that. Whatcha talking about from defending your favorite team after a bad loss to obsessively checking your fantasy lineups. Yeah. You know what I'm talking about. Football fandom is bigger than just Sundays. And you know, who knows that Miller Light? Miller Light knows the passion that comes with rooting for your team. That's why Miller Light keeps it simple, un debatable quality. You can try and debate it. That debate won't last long. You'll lose because it's Miller Light. You'll lose great taste. Only 96 calories. It's the beer that drips away everything you don't need and holds on to what matters most. Who says, Hey, get me a beer with everything I don't need in it. Nobody. It's the original light beer since 1975. I've said it before and I'll say it again. Red Sox won the penant that year. Yeah. Make your game time taste like Miller time taste great. Less filling. Let it be both. Why fight? You know there's enough fighting in America right now. You Can have both. There's space for both. Thanks Sona to get Miller Lite delivered right to your door. Visit miller lite.com/ Conan or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories for 12 ounces fewer cows and carbs and premium regular beer.


Wow. I mean, yes I would, I would do that. Yeah, I would do that if I can. I, I would want to check with my, my doctor first. Dr. Arroyo. Yeah. I wanna check with you Broke hot wings. So I think you should do all this drinking of the crate and then the bungee jump under. Sure. What if you don't make it Well? Oh that never you get married, you get someone in here. You know what? I bet Paul Rudd could slide into this slot very easily there. There Should be a contingency plan if he doesn't make the bungee Jumping. Paul Rudd is my backup. Careful. Okay. Because people love Paul Rudd. Yeah. He's super funny. He would slide right in. You could still call it Conan O'Brien needs a friend and Paul Rudd would do it and everyone would be just as happy. We don't lose one listener. No. They Might actually be rooting for you not to Make it.


Yeah. That's what I'm worried about. We don't lose one listener. We Gave, you know what you're Allison, you what you're gonna find out. I'll die. And then someone's gonna notice the bungee cord was cut. Yeah. And you'll see Paul Rudds scuttling into the underbrush. Yes. Wearing a fake mustache. The ultimate assassin. I, I like this plan. I like the idea because I do think I'm an older gentleman, penny I know. That's shocking to you. You probably see me as young in Vero, right? Absolutely. Thank you. Absolutely. Very Yes. Even now just gets the way he's trying to speak. Well no, just a, just a, you know, a real catch.


My guess would be that and from I'm, I'm gonna say from my perspective, I think it is important to make some of these plans and these decisions. And so that's why I'd feel good about, you know, getting you and Malcolm all, I mean let's formalize this, you know, let's, let's let's have a ceremony. That's what I think. Amazing. Because I think you're married now. That's what I think Te technically by law we're in a, that civil, I can't think of what the word is, but we're in a civil Yes. Yeah. Yes. We've lived together long enough. Penny def fact de facto Penny. Once you guys got the fourth cat, you were married. Yeah, That's true. The first Cat.


You know, I take it easy. I take it. Sorry, I'm not a cat person here. No I Know. Clearly not. Yeah, yeah. It shows in your sensitivity, your lack of sensitivity and and what kind guy that before one, I just sometimes talk over them. 'cause they're, they're just voices in my head. They're not real people. And Penny this Malcolm would I like him. Is he a nice chap? He he's an amazing guy. He's very easygoing. He is very relaxed. He really loves race cars. If you like race cars. Yeah. Anyone who knows me knows I love race cars. It it seems like something You, it's, there's not a day that goes by. If you see me around town, I'm in a race car usually. Well, as part of if you came over for the wedding, like a for his stag do you could go out racing.


He could, he has owns a race car and he could take you out as a passenger in his race car. So just really start there. Give you a bit of adrenaline to prepare you for the bungee jump. I have Penny. I have some experience 'cause I sleep on a race car bed. The kind that they make for little kids. I, that's what I sleep in at night. My wife tucks me in and then she sleeps in another room. This makes sense. Yeah. And, I have, there's Graham Cross. Just Put a sound machine with card. Just traffic sounds from downtown Boston. Put me to sleep. Penny. I like this plan. I think we have a good plan and I'm looking forward to, I Think it's a solid plan. I I'm looking forward to meeting Malcolm. I hope this happens. If I can arrange it.


Yeah, I think, I think now we have this plan. This is the only way we are ever gonna get married. 'cause nothing's gonna, nothing's gonna live up to It. What if Paul Rudd shows up and does it instead? A hundred percent Absolutely. Get married. I have to call Paul and tell him, by the way I've announced you are, if God forbid something happens to me, you have to slide in and do this. Yeah, yeah. I'm sure we can't meet his price, but that's for Adam to figure out. I'm excited about this And I. And just quickly tell me what do you do? So I know a little bit more about you as a person. Oh God, I work in finance. I'm a business and finance advisor. Just to everyone else.


Really boring. Yeah. Okay. Well clearly a lot of, clearly a lot of joy in your work. I love it. I I have a passion for Excel spreadsheets, but not many people in the world appreciate it. Yeah. But Annie, you've gotta shout that from the rooftops. If you have a passion for Excel spreadsheets, you've gotta be proud of that. And you need to shout that to the world. I just said that out. I feel like I just said that out loud. And I. Don't think you should. Yeah. Yeah. So I feel like I would maybe lose some friends if I did that. I wouldn't attract people to me, they'd be going away from me pretty fast and then they'd find out I have four cats. And, it would just all go downhill from there. Okay. Well listen, I wouldn't, yeah, don't tell too many people about your passion for Excel spreadsheets or the four cats, but boyfriend, race, car driver.


That sounds cool. Your love of bungee jumping. That's cool. So I think we stress those things. Do you know what I mean? Yeah, Absolutely. Yeah. Focus on those. Put those first. Yeah. And then slowly ease in the other things. No, don't mention them at all. Well, I'm, I'm, I'm, this is great. Yeah, yeah. I'm, I'm Should we ask the, We have a little more time. Oh, that's right. I forget the different, there's so many different rules. Well, pen, penny, what are your cat's names? The, I'll just tell you the main coons 'cause they're the interesting ones. One of them's Wilbur and one of them's Theo And Wilbur is I think 22 pounds.


He's 10 kgs, which I think is 22 pounds. So he's pretty massive cat. What are your Excel spreadsheets names. Okay. What, Sorry. Well, there's Walter Yeahs Nikolai. Are your cats indoor outdoor cats or do they just stay indoors? They, They are indoor cats. Because This is, this is a, this is a very important to me because here in California we have cats that are indoor outdoor and that gets very dangerous. Yeah. Especially in the summer because coyotes and various critters come down outta the mountains looking for water and they see what looks to them like an appetizer walking down the street and they eat these cats and there are, there are just posters all over the neighborhood saying Cat missing, cat missing.


And you know that cat's not missing? No, that cat is being digested. Oh, come on. Well, I'm sorry, it's And I. This is tough for people to hear, but that's a problem. And then I think, oh my god, New Zealand, you must have very exotic creatures out there. This is gonna show my ignorance, but are there wildebeests? No, I just made that up. What do you have in New Zealand? What's roaming around out there that could ORs? So ORs, yeah. Yeah. ORs, uai, hobbits, new Zealand's actually really, really safe. So we don't have snakes. We have whoa. One venomous spider and they literally Just one And it still one guy. Yeah, just one guy. Like Literally just one. So if you see 'em step on him, and then the problem solved.


We don't have beers, we don't have wolves, we don't have anything like that. It's, You don't have, I think, you know what I, if I do come, I'm gonna bring a bunch of breeding snakes. Oh no. Breeding wolves and breeding bears. Because I think, I think New Zealand's getting away with murder. Yeah. I mean, I think you need to have something and instead of, we actually do the occasional extra from a Lord of the Rings movie. There is a rumor that down in the south island but lowered, there is a, was a panther released. And there, lots of people have claimed they've spotted this panther in the wild and no one's, and everyone's got really blurry, grainy pictures of it from far away. So no one's ever actually found it But. it has been a rumor for many, many years.


And that one panther would be our, like, one dangerous thing in New Zealand. Oh, All. right. Well, I'm gonna bring us back home and say, I'm thinking of you, I'm thinking of Malcolm. I'm thinking of a ceremony on a bridge. I'm guessing it's a bridge. Do they do it from a tower? What do you bungee jump from in New Zealand? Is it a, is it a, when you do it, is it a bridge or is it a tower? It's from bridges over Rivers. Okay. Can I ask A question? Yeah. Does, does Malcolm like, Conan? Like does he Malcolm, is he a huge fan of his like you are? Well, we don't even know that. Are you a fan of Conan's? I'm a massive, massive fan. Malcolm is aware who, of who you are and hears me talk about the podcast all the time.


But Malcolm's a massive fan of the Simpson. So he, he knows that connection. So, But he is also a huge fan of Paul Rudd. So if, if it went that way, he'd be okay with that too. This could go really well for me. So Penny, you've been with him five and a half years. You're a massive Conan fan and he's vaguely aware of me. His favorite work of mine is work I did 40 years ago on the Simpsons. Got it. Well anyway, I can't wait to meet him. Looking forward to that. And, but Penny, very nice talking to you. You're funny, you seem like a really nice person and you're a fine representative of Christchurch New Zealand.


They're lucky to have you. Thank you. It was lovely to talk to all of you as well. And, I. Think there's a spreadsheet calling your name right now. There actually is. I'm about to start work and jump straight on in, so I'm Okay. Take care, penny. Really nice to meet you. Bye. Thank you so much. Bye. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer Aaron Blad, associate talent producer, Jennifer Samples, associate producers Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at siriusxm.com/ Conan.


Please rate review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wherever fine podcasts are down


Track your glucose, like you track your favorite artist's Next album release. Introducing stello, the powerful glucose biosensor that tracks how food, exercise, and even sleep affect your glucose. Join the Personal Health Revolution today@stello.com.


It's time to call out the biggest villain I know to me it's the person who drinks half a soda Mm and then leaves it in the refrigerator. Oh yeah. I would ask any villain like that. How do you sleep at night? Well, I already know the answer. Mattress Firm Mattress Firm will find you the right bed with their wide selection of quality mattresses at every price. Get matched at Mattress Firm Black Friday Sale and sleep at night. Restrictions apply. See Mattress Firm dot com or store for details and text Conan to 7 6 6 6 9 3 for $100 off your next purchase at Mattress Firm exclusions apply.