
Introducing an SUV where everything for every passenger feels just right. The all new 2025 Infiniti QX 80. Wow. Infiniti's most luxurious, full-sized three row SUV full of customizable, advanced features. You know, SUV's quite handy. Yeah, they are store a lot of stuff. You got a family, you got a bike. Take care of it all with an SUV. Want some personal attention? Individual audio technology isolate sounds to the driver's seat. So if you're listening to me right now, you're getting the best quality cone and sound and biometric cooling technology automatically cools passengers in the second row. And you wanna keep those second row passengers quite cool. Discover you are just right. Visit infinity usa.com to learn more about the all new Infinity QX 80. Availability of features may vary by trim level packaging and options.


Conan O'Brien needs A friend is brought to you by ADT. Let me talk about ADT for a second please. ADT spends all of their seconds helping protect all of yours. That's a cool idea. 'cause a lot can happen in a second. True Did. you know that That's true. That is true. Like, one second, your baby can't walk, then suddenly bang, they can walk. Except for me, I didn't walk till I was about nine. Oh yeah. We don't know what was wrong. Legs were fine. Apparently it was just a lack of will. You just Chose not to. Okay. Yeah. No, one second. You're happily single. The next second you catch a glimpse of someone and well, maybe you don't wanna be single anymore. That did happen to me. Oh, I know it did. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then years later, I met my wife, da da. Oh, I love you baby. No, maybe one second. You have a business idea that seems like a pipe dream. And the next you have an LLC and a dream come true. Wow. This whole second thing is really something. Yeah. And when it comes to your home, one second, you feel safe. And the next, well, even if something does happen, guess what? You can still feel safe thanks to ADT. After all, ADT is America's most trusted name in home security because when every second counts count on ADT. Isn't that nice? I like That. I like how that all came around. Yeah. I was worried for a while. It wouldn't get to ADT. I mean, I think ADT should be, should the one worried about it? But anyway. Visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT ASAP


At your job. Do you ever have to deal with a nose roller? How about a snub pulley? Well, if you're installing a new conveyor belt system, dealing with the different components can sound like you're speaking a foreign language. Luckily, you've got a team ready to help. Grainger's. Technical product specialists are fluent in maintenance, repair, and operations. So whenever you want to talk shop, just reach out. Call click granger.com Or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


Hi, my name is Jack Black. And I. Feel magnificent about being Conan O'Brien's friend. Last time you were on You said shitty. I said shitty. Yeah. And now it's magnificent. It's a fine line between shitty And. It's not a fine line. A broad line. It's a massive Chasm. Fall here. Back to school. Ring Bell shoes. Walking. loose the fence. And I.


We are gonna be friends. Hey there. Welcome to What Is. It called. Here we go. Three, two. Leaving that in. No, you are not leaving mad. You'll never know. Yeah. You won't Know. Someday I'll listen to this fucking thing. Oh, please don't Hey there. Welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. And sitting here with my squad. Yeah. So obsession. How are you? I'm All, right? I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm Chilling. It's a podcast. Get your hands away from your mouth. I'm sorry. Yeah. I feel like I'm loud. Am I loud? Well, you mean in general? You mean general? Yeah. Oh, okay. Well, today, but okay, let's do more bits about me being loud bits. No, I'm fine. And just, I feel like I'm loud in my Ears.


You've been used at sea to guide ships through the fog. What? You are the loudest, not just person. You are just the loudest entity that I've ever known. I'm not louder than Blay. Yes, you are. Am I? Yeah. Yeah you are. Yes you are. No, I'm not. I disagree. No, no, no. When comes onto his mic, he comes in with a certain energy and excitement. But that's not how loud he is all the time. Oh, you are unbelievably loud all the time. And Matt, you're here too. How are you? Hi. Good to see. See you, you little church mouse. You. Hello. I'm quiet. I'm Matt. I podcast. You know, I have an idea. I know what volume I should be.


Would you just quiet down please? Yeah. No, Sony. You know, you, you must have had people tell You that. I, everyone has always told me. Yeah, yeah. No, no, you're right. I'm don. Don't know why I'm arguing. I I Was driving to your house not long ago. We were gonna record that Chill chums, which is an Altadena And I got near your home and didn't know where you were. And I rolled down the window and heard you and drove the next six miles to your house. It's absolutely incredible. And you weren't even mad about anything. You were just saying, oh, I found the hummus. And then, you know, Why is it got always be hummus? Do you like hummus? I do like hummus, but I like baba ush more. Oh, okay. Well that's not ethnic. You like Quaker Oats Baba.


You're, You're so kind. I'm a kind person. Yeah, just No, you're not. Oh, you're right. I forgot. I swear to God. I was sitting today, this morning, I came in, we have our little office here at Larchmont and it's kind of nice. And I thought, huh? This is, it's kind of cool. We, we do a podcast out of here. We do a lot of the pre-production and all the editing for the Max Travel show here. It's like a little Keebler elf tree where we do all this kind of cool stuff, you know? And then I thought we should do more. And then it hit me, detective agency. Ooh, don't you think it'd be cool if we ran a detective agency?


And? it doesn't all have, it doesn't have to be all of us, but maybe bla you would front it, you know, because you usually wear like a Hawaiian shirt or something. Anyway, you're saying That 'cause he is wearing one today. I know. But he usually, you know, the way the old stereotype is kind of a guy wearing, you know, a Hawaiian shirt. He's a little messy. He's eating a big sandwich. Walked up a little washed stuff. Yeah. Washed up. Totally. You were on the forest, but then something went, happened. You can't go back to Chinatown. That kind of stuff. So. anyway, you would front it and then occasionally you would use all of us to assist and we would make extra money that way. I, I love this idea. I could see people coming up finding out like, yeah, I know this. They make a podcast here. And Yeah, I know that they do some production here, but, oh, I also saw this flyer that says there's a private detective agency.


So like a Send Vital walks into a room with like the shadow of blinds on the wall and says, Mr. Bla, I hear you can help me. Mm. Well I, I kind of think I, I feel like you would be the head of the Operation Conan. You might send me out into the field. You know, like, like I think pe you're the brains. 'cause you read all these, these spy novels. That's true. You do. Oh, and also, what The fuck am I doing? Well, First of all, oh, you're, how they find us. 'cause they hear your voice. Literally, they're like 15 miles away and they go, what? I didn't want seeds on this bagel. And then they just start walking towards that. And then they get here. She's Not even like publicizing the business. No. Oh, they just talking about a bagel.


Yeah. I have the least My job sucks on this detective agency Guy. You don't have to do anything. A cool guy. Yeah. But you get paid and you just basically All. right. That's cool. That's all you care about. Yeah, that's right. Anyway, I envision it this way because bla you can't, you can't lead with Conan. That's just too overwhelming. Oh, that's true. And also you want this woman to come in and sort of start to fall in love with you. If I come in, that's okay. Screwed. Okay. Okay. All. right. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. No. I know what you mean. I come in with my BD energy. You don't stand a chance. Well, what, what Are you doing then? In this Tation? Yeah. What is, what do you, what do you do? I think I come in every now and then in certain situations, like undercover work and what?


Yeah, I think you, You're the, You're the, you Would never be able to do undercover work. I would I can crouch if your life depended on it. No, And I, crouch You. don the Twist villain. Yeah. I can crouch. I can crouch people. What Does crouching have to do with being undercover? Most people spot. That's Literally being under some covers. Yeah. Most, Most people spot me because I'm very tall. Right. So if I crouched, oh, And I hid the red hair, the red Pompadour, And, I could have different disguises, but I would go out there. And, I'm a, you don't have to admit I'm a pretty good character. Actor. I could, I You've done all those soap operas on the travel shows. Yeah. You play All those different Characters, you know, But. anyway. I he Looks exactly the same. You look exactly like you, you can, I've been out with you when you're wearing a hat and sunglasses and you're looking, trying to look like Blend in.


Everyone knows it's you. I've been there. Don't you have a, a story where you were literally covered head to toe and Martin's shirt was like, Hey, Conan. And you were like, I'm fully under a sheet. Yeah, I was, it happens. I was with my daughter and, and people were saying hi and stuff. And so we went into a sunglass store and my daughter Nev and this is a true story, we're done in Santa Monica on the Promenade. And they had this, these glasses that like cover your whole face. And I said, let's just try those. And I bought them. And I put them on And I walked out with my daughter and she's a witness. And the person went by and went, cool. Glasses. Conan But. anyway. Well, the other thing I could do is also just be me. If the undercover isn't gonna work, I could say, Hey Conan O'Brien, you're probably a fan.


You know? And then that gets the conversation started. And I. Get some information. But, and another way, you know, way detectives are always shelling out, here's a 20, here's a 20, here's a 20. What do you know what's on the street? I could do that. but I could do it with like, you know, here's, here's tickets to a podcast. Jesus down at the, here's A Headshot, here's a, yeah, here's, here's a headshot. What's the word on the street? And then the guy would be like, what? I don't want this. And by the way, this headshot looks 20 years old And word on the street is you're going around passing out headshot. Yeah. Just find out, you know, I'm at the shoe sign stand. I'm like, shine. Hey, hey buddy, what do you know? What do you know? He's like, well, I don't know much. Oh yeah, I think you do. And I hand over a, a headshot that was taken in 1993.


I'm wearing like a padded shoulder jacket. It's for the late night with Conan O'Brien. Show And. I'm like, Hey, maybe now you remember a little better. And he's like, yeah, I remember that. You've aged horribly And he already has one because the guy before you gave him one that you gave that Guy. And they're, and they're all, and guess what? I walk back to the detective agency and they're in the trash cans all the way back. They've been thrown away. Never Solved the case. Yeah. Don don't know. I just think it's something to explore A detective agency. I'm fully board could be up for it. Right. Board. I'm fully on board. Does sound funny. I, I think my life needs more excitement. All of our lives need more excitement. I think You know what we could do? We'll put it in the tropes, which is we can light it so that it looks like there's window coming through.


Some shades. We can get a slow moving ceiling fan. Lot of filing cabinets. Messy sandwich. And that'll just be one corner of another Bourbon pristine office. Yeah. I it bourbon in a drawer. We, we hire a saxophone is to just kind of play. Just always. Aren't we supposed to Always Lonely Saxophone. Choose the Hawaiian version. Her version of a detective or that version. You can't blend the two versions. I don, do whatever you want. I. don, who's I know Don who's even listening to this thing right now. Oh, okay. Who cares? The wrap sign's been up for like five minutes. Yeah, I thought you were just asking us. Do we wanna order a wrap? Oh, that would be wrap question mark. This Detective agency is never gonna work.


Okay. Maybe the detective agency is a bad idea. We'll, think of something else. I want us to have another service here. So let's think of what that is. I'm fully in, I'm, you Know, Cera, ceramics. Hey, Massage. Oh, okay. No. Like people come in to give you a massage. Wait, That would be fantastic. Does this, what kind of business is that? I have To start giving people massages in a Hawaiian shirt. I can I don dunno. I'm gonna work on this. I'm gonna figure it out. Okay. All. right. Well, and, and if anyone out there has any suggestions, I'd like this. I'd like there to be one more income stream here. One other source of revenue. Okay. So let's think of what it is here at Team. Coco. Okay, now, now we have to do an intro.


Yeah. Now this is what this was. Never Forget. He's right. Jack Black. Jack Black. Oh, okay. My guess today is a hilarious Actor. And you know him from movies like School of Rock, Tropic Thunder and Jumanji. Welcome to the Jungle. Now you can see him in the new movie Borderlands. I am thrilled. He's here today. He is a light force Jack Black welcome. You're the first guy and or woman who brought me an apple. Yeah, you brought me an apple. I did. My father has an apple orchard in Washington. And. I had him FedEx in a ice box.


Like I am kidding. I got that from your green room. Damn. Oh my God. And honestly, I was gonna eat it myself. But then as soon as I stepped in here, I was like, I'm giving it to con take your, Take your apple. Ow. Oh yeah. You know what? For a st Was there a second where you thought his dad Was? I was on board that whole time. Yeah. You know why? 'cause there's a kernel of truth. My father does have, well he did have an apple orchard. He switched over to grapes. Boo Boo. It's hard work farming like boo I don like to boo arbitrary things like yay apple boo grapes. 33. What happened? So now he's, I'm thinking about how old my dad is born in 1941.


Okay. I can do the math on that. He is, he's 111. No, He's like 84. He's pretty, he's getting up there for farm work, you know. Yeah. But he is still living on the farm. Doing, Keeps him healthy. My dad 95. No way. Yeah. And he's, he, he does, he spots people at the gym, which is, that's what he does for a living. Great jeans. Yeah. Well it doesn't work out. His torso always falls off the minute he grabs the weight. Dude, Spotting is no joke. You gotta be ready. He doesn't bleed. Just a weird dust comes out. I'm telling you. They sew him back up and he's okay. Gotta respect you. Gotta respect As jokes. Go. That was an apple. Listen, we're gonna get a lot of good apple crunch going right now in this podcast.


That's Nice. Yeah. What do they call that? The thing the kids do now with the sounds Sin. Smr. A smr. What was I going for? Are you going for what? Did. you say anesthesia? Yeah. Syn mis What's the one where a kid can't stand? Misophonia. Yeah. Mis misophonia or misophonia. Yeah. Is it misophonia? Miso. Horny. Okay. I let it go. You know what I did? I saw it. And I let it go. I saw it. And I let it go. And you grabbed it. And that's the difference. Metal jacket. That's right. I see what you're doing. Full metal. Jack, black miso, hony. Yeah. Nice. Hey, that's exactly what I was doing. Jack. As you're, as you're chomping away on that apple like an animal.


I mean a horse. It's so good. A horse has more dignity eating an apple than you are right now. You're outta control. Also. I could have gotten a, in this class if I had just let you think I got you this apple. But instead I took it back. And you've angered me and you've Angered, I'm gonna say worth it though. Every bite is another delicious explosion. You got good apples. You know this beard that your face has generated is insane. Mm. Look at that beard. That is a, that's a crazy beard. That's man. And all I'm wondering is how much food, 'cause I'm looking at you eat the apple And I. Think a third of the apple is going into the beard. Jack. So much of my food goes into my beard nowadays.


It's, it's funny. It's certain foods. So apples, I'm not gonna get any apple in my beard. No. Maybe some apple juice. Yeah. But the food that gets in there, obviously it's the soups. Anything that's got like that you have to eat with a spoon is gonna end up in my beard. Yeah. And people say, oh, it's great. I get to eat it later. It's not great. No. And whenever it happens, I I'll, a lot of times I will go and take a shower right after a meal because the napkin won't get it off. You'll still have residue. Yep. In the hair. Did. you just Say residue. I did What, Is It. The French form of residue. That's a liquid U is what That's called UI did it on purpose. I like it. I like to use the liquid UI like that you keep touching your beard though, and running your fingers through it.


It's, it's like a central experience for you constantly. It Is. And I know when I shave it. And that's coming soon. I'm gonna miss this, the tactile experience of pulling on the beard. I actually was planning on getting a little trim before I came in here. 'cause it's a little unruly. Yeah. And it's, it's like, you know how you get split ends on your hair if you let it go too long and too, too un trimmed. Same deal with the beard. I can Now there's a beard wax I'm told. Yeah. You can put on a Would you ever try anything like that? Wax it up a little bit. I'm not against waxing. I'm, I'm impressed by the people that win the prizes for best beard and mustache. Where they, they Go cur mustache. It's mustache. Don't say stop it. Stop. Just changing things arbitrarily.


Mustache. It's a crutch. I do change words. I do enjoy changing words. And, I. Don't know if you're gonna break me of it today. No. But I have never used the wax. 'cause I like to run my fingers through it and then my fingers would get all waxy. Yeah. but I have used the oil, the beard oil. Yeah. but I found out the hard way. You don't wanna overdo it. Mm. Because I used some beard oil before a big concert in Germany. We played this festival called Rock. And, and it's like a hundred thousand people in the audience. They're not there to see us. They're there to see Metallica or whoever. And I put on a bunch of beard oil before. 'cause I wanted to be extra don don't know.


Oily. I wanted to be, well I just wanted the beard to be looking fierce. Yeah. Fierce and rocking. And when I went back and watched the replay of the thing they had, they had recorded it. I saw that my, you could see my, my skin underneath my beard was all shiny and greasy and, and And. it was because I put too much on And I. You don't want to touch the skin underneath the beard. No. No. So from now on, when I do it, I didn't do it today. I just grabbed the tips of the beard and tease it out. I tease it out, Joe. You gotta be subtle with it. Fantastic. Just little tip for all you beard and mustaches out there. No, that's, that's half our audience is beard and mustaches. But you know the best thing about that oils what?


The way it makes you smell. It's better than cologne. 'cause it's just a hint of like a muskrat. don don't know what they're different. Not muskrat, What. Is It. It's got a certain musk is what you're trying to see an animal. Musks. Well there's different flavors like sandalwood. Yeah. Or what's the one that's kind of minty But. it smells like the forest pine. Okay. Gee, take it easy. Jesus. Jack. It's just pine. Listen, first of all, you've got El Diablo eyebrows. Okay. They're pointed straight up. And you, you'll say like, what is that again? That when you're in the for pine and suddenly a a hell hound has come up and has attacked us to steal our souls. And you're just talking about pine scent.


I Love that you called my eyebrows. El Diablo. L Diablo. They are L Diablo. I've always called them my Ernie Borg Nines nice when they start going outta control when I get some stray hairs up there. But once again, I had someone coming over to my house to to, to spruce me up before I came here. Yep. And I. Think our wires got crossed and we, that did not happen. So I'm here in my completely unvarnished state. Yeah. Straight out of the forest. You know, I got a, during covid you did us all, you did a, not just a national service. An international service. You made these TikTok videos that were so funny and great.


You were, I would say 90% of the time mostly nude. Yeah. But you, you sort of gave of yourself during that time. And you did such funny videos. And, I gotta I gotta peek behind the curtains. 'cause I thought this is Jack in his home as he is probably mostly walking around with little clothing. Yeah. You know? And you were hilarious. You Were fantastic. Oh, thank you. Those were great. That was an opportunity to bring some cheer to a dark time. And. I. I saw a little window and I had my, my social media guru, Taylor Stevens, who I, I called up And I was like, yeah, let's do, let's do some little comedy nuggets on, on Instagram about how did it start?


Did it start with, I think we did like a mask one about wearing the mask and about getting the vaccination or stuff around that time that was just sort of seemed like public service. Announcements. Announcements. But funny. And then I saw on Instagram, the whop dance. The the what what, what else Pussy You Mean it's the name. It's not, it's the name of the song. And you shouldn't be ashamed to say it I know, but it's, you know, it's explicit. It's got the e symbol on it. And she, what's her name again? This incredible artist that came up with Megan's Thee Stall. Thee Stallion. Nope. Not Megan. The Stallion. Oh, Cardi. Thank you. Cardi B. Cardi B and And. it had kind of a, a, a momentum of its own where people were doing it was a challenge.


Who can do the best Wap dance. And I was like, dude, it would be funny if I do the Wap dance. And I. We get me in the backyard in some Speedos just whopping it up. And he was like, I'm on my way. And he came over, he came Over. He told me he came over like it was a medical emergency. You know what I love? No. I think there are times when a comedy writer or producer should have a siren that they put on the top of their car. Yeah. Woo. And if a policeman stops him, Hey, I gotta get to Jack Black's house. We're gonna do the Wet as pussy song. Right this way. I'll be an escort. It's funny, but it's true. You gotta get 'em while they're hot. When you get a little nugget. Because they're almost like nuggets that are floating around in the ether. And someone's gonna do it.


Yeah. It's a funny thing that's gonna happen. And so Teyl, he, he zipped over and my son was spraying the hose on me and he just filmed it. And then he put the, he put the music on later. So it was high quality. You don't want to just, there's some technical magic that went into that And. it went so crazy. Like better than anything I'd ever put on Instagram before that. He came up with a thing like, let's keep this party flowing. Sure. Let's get you up. 'cause the Marvel was going at full speed at the time. All the Marvel superhero movies were just automatic billion each. So we were like, let's mess with that whole thing. And, and yeah, we did.


We went through basically their whole catalog. Yes. All their greatest heroes got lambasted by my Lambasted. Thank you. I'm Basted by my, yeah, you Did Spiderman. I did Iron Ironman. What the hell was that? Oh my God. Whoa. Wait, Eduardo, that's, I think Eduardo was hoping I was gonna, Eduardo, what were you doing? I, I accidentally, I was bringing up the video Accidentally. I was bringing up the video to, to see it as he was talking about it. 'cause I was But Why did we hear that blast of sound? 'cause I didn't real, because I have the computer connected to the Eduardo. You were paid hundreds of dollars a week to not make those mistakes.


I thought about putting it up on the screen for you guys to watch while he was talking about, but I decided not to. It's the most complimentary mistake you could make. Eduardo that while we were talking, you were like, I gotta see this. Let me make sure. Oh my God. That's right. That was,


There's nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you. Check this out. That's nice. Whether you're going on a weekend getaway to the mountains, or let's say you're on a dream vacation, or in my case, a work trip to Thailand. It's just fantastic. Let me explain. It starts the moment you take off with free in flight wifi so you can stream your favorite show on the go. I mean, that's incredible. That is actually pretty sweet. I love that. I mean, that's insane. I'm always there with my credit card. You know, I can't figure it out. I lose the credit card. Yeah. The phone is stolen. Someone punches me. You start crying. I cry a lot when you land T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands and an upgrade to Hilton Honors Silver Plus you're covered with five gigabytes. Five gigabytes. That's more than four of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with the go 5G plus or next plans. These are just a few of the perks that feel like big wins when you travel with T-Mobile And. it, it's nice to stay connected to your family. I travel a lot. I do these travel shows. And if I'm filming another country, I know I can get to my family right away. Yeah. They usually don't wanna speak to me. But they have to. They screen your calls a lot, don't they? I suspect them of screening. Yes. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel today. Qualifying plan required wifi were available on select US Airlines registration and Hilton Honors membership required for Hilton Honors Silver terms and Conditions apply.


This show's changed a lot over the years. It has. We've been doing it for five years and in that time I've, I've gained a lot of muscle mass I think have, have you? Yes. Yes. I work out constantly. don Don't. I've gotten sexier. don don't see any of that. I hit the age where women finally find me undesirable. I haven't seen Wait, I meant desirable And I said undesirable. Yeah. Oh my God. What a Freudian slip. And not even a Freudian slip. Just truth. Oh. Anyway.


But you know, there's something else that hasn't changed. And that's the, the great taste of Miller Lite. Yeah. Miller Lite keeps it simple. Un debatable quality. I've seen people try to debate the quality of Miller Light and then they just give up and throw their podiums away. Great. Taste. Only 96 calories. It's the beer. This trips away everything you don't need but holds onto what matters most. The original light beer since 1975. Oh yeah. I rolled with a large crew. Yeah. My bros an Entourage. My bro. Hemes Entourage was about you and your friends. Ent. I sued the people that made entourage. 'cause they didn't credit me. That was about me. Hmm. My entourage had Miller Lite. That's what we had. Yeah. And we used to crack 'em. And then go, go, go, go, go. Mm. You don't have to choose what's best. Miller Lite has great taste and it's less filling. Taste like Miller Time to get Miller Light delivered right to your door. Hello. Future. Visit miller lite.com/ Conan or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories per 12 ounces. Fewer cows and carbs than premium regular beer.


You know, if we're being honest, And I think we should be for a change. Sure. We lie a lot. but I think we should be honest. No one really knows what you do for work. Especially if you're in B2B. You know what that is? No. Please explain it to Me. Business doing business with other businesses. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So fortunately LinkedIn has a network of professionals who get what you do and you can reach the right people who matter most to your company. Isn't that great? Yeah. LinkedIn has over 1 billion members. Good lord. That's a lot. They should have their own continent. LinkedIn has over 1 billion members on its platform, including 70 million decision makers. Since LinkedIn members are regularly updating their work history, you can precisely build a target audience by job title, industry, company, and more. This is fantastic. You can get to the people who exactly need to get to you. Yeah. You see what I'm saying? I like that. Yeah. Start reaching the right people for your I'm gonna use this lingo again. B2B business with LinkedIn ads. You really get it? I'm gonna start a boy band and call 'em B2B business to business. Of course my age may hinder my boy band. Oh, you're in it. I thought you were. Oh, I thought you were like the Simon Cowell. You were gonna Oh's a bunch of like 16-year-old young men. And then me. And. I just keep falling. It gets even better. 'cause LinkedIn will give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco to claim your credit. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and condition supply LinkedIn the place to be. To be.


You were talking about just as you came into the studio, you had a story that I want you to repeat, which is, there is something about you gotta get things at that moment. I don't know what it is. Comedy is not architecture. You can't just make the measurements and then build it a hundred years later. There's this thing, I don't know what it is, it defies explanation. But you were talking about Miles Davis used to say, what did he used To say? Miles Davis. I think this is a a, a true story. He said you have to start recording When I pull the Jaguar into the parking lot. Yeah. When he goes to a recording studio, they start recording before he even steps to the foot. 'cause usually in a recording studio, the engineer producer will push record when you enter the room with your musical instrument and you start to play.


Not miles, miles, like no magic could happen any moment right. When I come in the room. It could be magic. This could be magic right now. Why the fuck were you not recording? How come they couldn't give him a lo a lozenge? Couldn't they give him a lozenge? Or I'm sorry. Lo how do you say it? I say lozenge. You say lozenge, don don't I don't mess with lozenge. Okay. I guess you can't fuck with it's not every, I don't change the pronunciation of every word. No, but it's true. There's a there's a magic in the moment. I've had, I have. I'll pay you a a compliment, which I don't like to do, but I'm going to do it. You are always, all those years of, you know, different late night shows.


You're always one of my favorite people because you are, you have this combination of, you know, just amazing comedy brain, great physicality, and then energy. Explosive energy. And you've got all three and you would come on and anytime you were gonna be on the show, I was, well I got the night off. Jack's coming like, you know, and it's why I I you, you came in and you did the last show for me. 'cause I was thinking, yeah. Who else? This is the guy. This is the guy that needs to, he needs to help put a, a bolt in the brain of this late night show I've been doing for 28 years. And Zach Daka wasn't available, let's Be honest. No, no, no. He was hanging around.


He was outside the stage door. 'cause we shot it in a theater. He was outside and he kept saying, you know, so I, we did a couple of those Hung Hangover movies. And I was like Zach, you Know, sometimes people call me Jack Gha Black because we're so, they say I stole his beard. Which is kind of true. Yeah. But here's what I want to say to you. It was such an honor that you chose me to be on your final episode. I almost cried right now just thinking about it. And I. Think back. And I. Think, God dang it, I should have done said these other things that I didn't say on the final episode. Like, And, I'm glad I I'm here to get a chance to do it. But the meaningfulness of when I first came on your show, you were the first talk show I came onto in the national spotlight.


And I was so fucking nervous. And And I asked you, is it okay if I like do a little skit? 'cause that's kind of my thing. I don't go on and just talk about myself. Right. And I and my and you were like, yes. You were so game and you let me come on there. And with Kyle, we did a little musical number about replacing Andy Richter. Yes. Which was just a J Yes. 'cause I, Andy Richter, You auditioned. Andy's a sidekick and you auditioned to replace him. Yeah. And. it was so like fantastic. Yeah. It was so funny. And I. We Did you did so many great bits. We did one bit that captured people's imagination. There was, once you And, I decided who's the greater guitar? God. Yeah. And so we start playing guitar opposite each other.


And then we're, we're standing in front of the, you know, in the performance area in the curtain. And I, you know, you're playing and, and then I'm playing and then you're playing and I'm playing. And then my plane starts to get off the hook. Amazing. And you're, and then you get suspicious and you pull the curtain away and slashes there. Yeah. And he's making the guitar. Sounds for me. Yeah. And, it killed so hard. It was such an amazing surprise. I, I believe that was your idea. You came in with And. I was just like, yeah, that's a fantastic idea. And all we have to do is get slash And. then we did. Yeah. Turns out he was in the commissary. I think so. Warner Brothers eating. Maybe Smiley had something to do with that idea. Yeah. I don't know who gets credit.


That's not important. Who gets The credit? Right. But. it was Tavi, smiley But. it was such a good idea that here we are, 10 years later, there's still people doing that same joke. They got that from us. Yeah. I just saw it like a week ago. It was like, oh, you got slash hiding behind the curtain hiding. I, I wonder where you got that idea. But you know. Anyways, the Important thing is we create vibrations. We pick up on vibrations and we pass them on and we receive them. Yeah. And. then we sue the shit out of people. That's right. Left and right. And that was the funniest thing when I was on the, the Farewell Show. And I actually injured my ankle. Yes. You came backstage after we were done. Lemme Just, lemme just set it up. We were gonna do this thing where you panic and you run away And.


it was gonna be that the, the running away part I'm running outside was gonna be a pre tape. Rehearsing it, rehearsing it, rehearsing it. Let's get another take. Let's get another Take. No wait, let me interrupt your retelling of the story. 'cause what it actually with the comedy bit was I was coming out to perform the farewell song. Yep. And then in the middle of me singing this farewell song, I get so, so energetic and dancing. I injure myself. Yes. Fake injure Yourself. Fake injure myself. And I. Ah. And then the medics come in, the paramedics carry me out. And then I say, no, he needs me. This is too important. And you kick, you kick open the back of the ambulance. Yes. And come running back in the theater. And I come running.


That's it. As we were doing the preta of me kicking open the doors and running back in the theater, I injured my ankle. For real. For Real. Yes. And of course I come running out. You're on the ground. It's my final late night show. And sometimes I look to a camera that's not there and do a take. Like, it's just, you know, you know that classic, something goes crazily wrong and the and the person just shoots the camera and looks into it. Where's my camera right now? Right there. It just goes really And I looked at a camera that wasn't there. And as you're rising in pain, I should have been looking after you, but, but I just thought it's my last show. Jack Blacks. We got this great idea and now you're injured.


But And I thought, well, this isn't gonna happen now, but And it was, it was a real injury. Yes. Snap, crackle, pop. I heard it all. Yeah. And then they, you like a hero. You got taped up. You got booted up. I went to the, the actual like special ankle specialist who taped me up and put, put me in a cast and said, yeah, you're gonna be outta commission for a long time. You're not gonna be getting out of this cast for we don't know how long. It takes a long time for this kind of sprain. It wasn't a regular sprain. It was like where the, not the tendons, but the other things, I can't remember what the things are that were torn. And he, And I said, yeah, but can I sing And I?


And he is like, yeah, of course you can sing And I was like, okay, I'm gonna go on Conan tomorrow then and, and do my bit. And it'll be very dramatic. I'll be a real hero. Yeah. When I come out there with My, my cast on my foot. Was he, was he like, Conan fuck, I love that guy. Fuck. I'm taking his cast off Conan's the Goat. Did he do that at all? Something Like that. I think it was like, oh yeah. Conan O'Brien I know that I know him. That'll be great. Hey. Pretty much the same thing. Yeah. Pretty much the same thing. But he did say no dancing and jumping around though. Let's just keep it, you know, there. But you came on. You did it. You killed it. It was, it meant the world to me. And what I just realized today, someone reminded me And I was like, oh my God, I did a big 10th anniversary show.


So we started in 93. This would've been 2003. We did a 10th anniversary show, And. it was a huge deal. And like all my heroes came out for it. It was great. We did it. I think at the, at the Beacon Theater, you did a song about the story of Conan telling my story from the beginning in 93. And the, it was operatic the highs, the lows. And I'm sure it's out there and you can watch it somewhere on it's worth looking at because it's one of the greatest things I've ever seen. Because, you know, you'd, you would, you'd go through the initial beginning and, and the whole and then the hard times, and then everything's really going great. And then, but then Andy Richter left.


Andy got And. it was just, I mean, I was watching And. I was like, why isn't this guy getting a Tony for this? Okay, we're not a Broadway show. But so many times you came and And, I'm gonna say hit a home run. It's like, it's like the natural. You hit a home run, it hit the lights, the lights exploded, then it set off the Oppenheimer explosion. I, there's nothing I can do to I I can never thank you for all the nice things you've done for me. You know, Do you know what? That's a no brainer though. I, how am I not gonna come out for the 10th anniversary? But in my mind before that 10th anniversary, I'm thinking, this is gonna be a bomb. This is not gonna go well. I will be bad And I, just surrender myself to that And I go in with a fight or flight kind of adrenaline.


That's how it is. Every time I go, I go in going, oh fuck, this is terrifying. And then I get out there And, it goes, it's not always. Sometimes it goes great. And I feel like, ah, I've got it. I'll never forget this feeling. And then, you know, a week later I have to go do another thing. I'm terrified again. No I do this about everything. There's just a lot of misery involved. But then if you can catch the wave, right, you have this great revelation, this nice moment, and then you're right back. I mean, it lasts. I can't believe it lasts for like, you know, it's like those Viagra ads. If it lasts longer than six hours, you're in trouble. This, it just doesn't last. It goes And. I am fooled because I think, okay, I know that happens to me.


And I. but I would, I would guess it would, I, I I know I'm wrong, but I would've said wouldn't happen to Jack Black. Absolutely happens to me. I don't see you ever failing. I just don't see it. In fact, I feel my most confident, weirdly, after a bad performance or something that I didn't have fun at. And I think in my mind, the next time I get up in front of a camera or in on stage, I'm gonna make up for that shitty one I just did. don don't know why. That's always where I feel most comfortable in like the, the defensive crouch right after a bad one when it's like, okay, this is the redemption. So I have that up and down of performance and that goes, that goes across the board.


but I wanted to say what I forgot that I should have said on the farewell episode that you had me come and guest on is that the very first time you had me on, 20 years before I had this amazing like, experience on, on national television with you and, and your embrace of my adventurous spirit and, and your, your adventurous spirit was such a great way to kick off my journey. And then I looked over at, at other comedians and other performers and actors that had had the same experience. Like, that's the first time I saw Amy Poer when she came on your show as like the little sister, Annie, Annie, sister Andy Richter's little sister with those braces on.


I was like, who the fuck is that? This is some kind of a crazy performance from someone that's just getting shot out of a cannon. I'd never seen her before. Yeah. And I know that you've done that for, for tons of, of performance and comedians over the, over the decades, And I just thought what a amazing person you are to be at the threshold of the industry in a way for all these new, you know, young alternative. Well That's, that's, I mean, very sweet. I I always think that we were very lucky in the timing. We were in the right place and there was all this young talent coming up, And, I get giddy around talented people. We just had so much fun.


And it's nice all these years later, just judging by your beard that you're, I think you're 88 that Didn't have a very old looking Beer. And there's More salt than pepper, as they say, And I, you know, served our country valiantly in the Korean War and have the shrapnel to show for it. But all this time later, I'm still having fun. Like, it's, it's, you come in and we're just right back to the same idiocy, which is so magical. Yeah. It is the secret sauce. But the secret behind the secret sauce is how do you have fun under the circumstances of pressure. Like now we're on the, there's a microphone here, it's recording everything we see.


There's a certain amount of pressure there. You know, people are gonna be listening to it and watching it later and finding that relaxation pocket. Because you can't really have fun if you're not relaxed on some level. Right. Well I learned a long time ago with the TV show and with this, you gotta, that just has to go away. I think one of the things that helps, helps so much with the podcast is after all this time and everything I've been through the podcast just felt like, and still feels like a safe space where I'm just having fun with my friends. The, it doesn't feel like, Hey man, this, come on. Okay, let's go, come on, here comes, Jack's coming in. We got, I mean we, we, we don't even put these out. I don't can trust me, Nor should you.


And they hire actors occasionally on the street. I just got back from Europe and so many people were like, I love the podcast. And I was thinking, you're just hiring actors there. And they get my name, Cronin No. And tell MIT and, and MIT and Sanya that they do a great job to get the names right. At least if you're But Do you agree with my relaxation theory? Yes, I agree with your theory that You just, so you're saying the secret bat behind the secret is just let that shit go. You have the nervousness. No, no, no. The nervousness is beforehand. Right. I think all of that, I believe in that. I believe in, sadly, I believe in the terror.


I believe in the process of, of questioning yourself of some self-loathing. I'm sorry. but I just believe in it. It's worked for me. And also it doesn't matter if it's word for me or not, it's just what happens. But then if I get out there, And I connect with the crowd, or we get in here and we start talking some shit about anything, all of that goes Away. You know what I think about sometimes when I have a bad show that I'm not having a And, it doesn't necessarily mean it's bad. It just means that I'm not having fun. You didn't Feel good. So I think if I didn't have fun, then it wasn't good. Which isn't necessarily the truth. But after a show where I'm not having fun, And I feel, feel like it went bad, I'll go, okay, this is my adjustment.


The very next show when I go out there, I'm not gonna care so much if it's good or bad. 'cause that's the thing that fucked me up, is I was so worried about it being bad that I didn't just let it be. So that's oftentimes my mental adjustment is like, kind of throw it away a little bit. Yeah. Kind of phone it in a little bit. Weirdly, I Liked how you looked side to side because it's, It's such a horrible thing to say. But It in But. it was such a cartoonish side to side shame in trouble. Well he also looked right at me. And I phone it in all the time you phone. She felt a career. She's The best. Phone It in. And you know what, I've been to her house. Yeah. And it And it is paid for by phoning it in.


Yeah. And the house is all phones. All phones. Wall I know, like you were talking directly to me. 'cause that is my, my approach. No, no, no. And you know what's so funny? We had, I'll never forget, but one of the ma magical things about Sona is that she doesn't change no matter how the circumstances change. So Sona met her, hired her to be my assistant. There was never any intention for any of this years go by, we have this dynamic, this interplay. You know me really hardworking, tell you what the fuck. Very capable trying hard to delusional delusional sonar, not gimme a shit, And. it always just worked. You know, there's this, this is weird.


So then once Kumail n Gianni, who was gonna be on the show who I love, he, it wasn't his fault. He wasn't able to get to the show because they changed his shooting schedule and he couldn't come. And we heard at the last second and someone said, what are we gonna do? What are we gonna do? And I said, we're just gonna bring Sona out. We brought Sona out. Sona was great, but what made her great is she didn't care. And you take any other person and say, big star didn't come, but you're gonna do it. And they get in their head and they become someone else. There's that famous concept in science that the minute you observe anything, it changes it. The minute you try and observe a particle, the minute you try and observe anything in nature, quantum Weirdness. Yes, you would.


I love that You Change it by the very fact that you're observing it. Schrodinger's catch Schrodinger's cat. I can just make that up. Quantum quantum weirdness at the It's true. but you know what, but you know what, no, it's true. It's a real thing. But there's one exception that proves every rule. It doesn't happen to Sona. And we go out and we do these shows now that the podcast has become a thing in front of like, you know, there's, there'll be 3000 people in the crowd or 2,500 people in the crowd. It's sold out. It's a big venue. And someone's like, eh, what's going on? And then what's the greatest thing is, so she'll do it and then it's over. And the rest of us are like, I think that was a really good show. And she's like, I'm hungry, I'm Wanna Taco Bell.


Oh look, a cookie, Taco Bell, whatever. Can we go to Taco Bell? But But. anyway, I heard something, I don't know if it's true, but you, And I may have something, we have a bunch of things in common, but we have one thing in common, I believe, which is we both were stupid enough to get on a water buffalo. Is That true? Oh my God. Yeah. On Tropic Thunder. On Tropic Steelers film. Yeah. Tropic on Tropic Thunder and And I. I once for an animal segment, and I've told people this, but I jumped onto a water buffalo And. it was without thinking, but they had animals there. And then they brought in a massive, I mean, it's literally the size of this table that we're at right now. This podcast table, this massive beast. And someone who wasn't in a position of authority said, Hey Connie, this is it.


Rehearsal, get on it. That could be funny. And I'm just a, you know, a chimp. I'm a a yes and chimp. So I went, okay. And someone brought out an apple box. And. I jumped on the apple box and no one had. And all I remember is just before I did it, Andy said, don't do that. I remembered Andy really clearly going, don't do that. And I. He said it And I was like, you know, gotta do it Because an intern said, try it. So I get on the, on the water buffalo. The water buffalo immediately throws me off. I go up in the air And I land on a poor, you know, cameras have to roll in a TV studio. So it's a poured thick concrete that's smooth.


It's very dense. I bounce off my hip. And that, that wasn't even the scary part. It hurt like a motherfucker. But the, the water buffalo took off. Not, I felt bad for the water buffalo right up until I killed it. No, I'm kidding. Well, I had to shoot it. No, it it, it took off and took a turn and looked at me. And I ran like a cartoon character run. Like literally I just disappeared and there was smoke and some hairpins. And then I, And I was in my, and then I got a hematoma on my hip that was so big I couldn't take my pants off. And they called the Warner Brothers doctor who came in and went, that's the biggest hematoma I've ever seen.


Whoa. And I had this, looked like my leg was dipped in paint for a while. And I thought, well, I think I'm probably the only person in comedy dumb enough to get on a water buffalo. And then I find out Tropic Thunder. Yeah, Did You ev Did you end up doing it. Very similar circumstance, but I have to ask what I, I wasn't listening to the premise. Why was there a water buffalo on the set Animal segment? We did them all the time. It's a talk show staple. So they bring in like, here's a cobra, here's a this, here's a that. And no one had ever brought in a water buffalo. And this is just rehearsal. This is rehearsal. Cameras are not rolling. No. And so they brought this thing in and they, they, they, I just was intrigued like, well I've, I've been doing this for 28 years.


Never seen a water buffalo get on It. I feel like, I feel like there is footage of this. Someone was taping. No, no one. Are you sure? It Was just, I think we might had, there's a Camera there. It's a camera rehearsal. There's a camera. but you know what the problem is? I think we've looked at the footage and you can't really tell what's happening because you could just see the very beginning as you're getting on it, you can see as I'm getting on it. And then because they weren't ready to shoot it yet. Right? They weren't so they weren't on me. You can kind of see, it's like if Abraham's Zapruder had been shooting, you know, in Deley Plaza had been like looking at a bird or something when Kennedy went by and then you can kind of see a little piece of limousine. But the fact That there's footage of you just about to get on.


Makes me feel like the cameraman may be sensed this could go bad. I better not film this just in case this goes sideways. Which the instinct should have been the opposite. This could go bad. I'm gonna keep rolling on that. You know what I mean? Right. But it's I don know what happened there. but I think it's a, it's a humanity thing where the cameraman is like, I, I have to look away from this And. I'm turning it off. No one's gonna see that. You know what I mean? Yeah. I mean, I wouldn't mind if it existed. 'cause I think I really bounced, this was in the era of America's Funniest Home videos too. Yeah. We could, they could have put a on it, but before TikTok, so, you know, there's no money in keeping the camera off. It's like, wait a second. Conan's about to get on a water buffalo and you turn it off. So what was your experience? So I had a similar experience.


We're we're on, this is like A campfire story. We're in Hawaii. We're, we're recreating Southeast Asia. We're supposed to be in Vietnam out in the middle of nowhere. And in the middle of Hawaii. You wouldn't know. It's got a Jungley vibes. Yeah, it does. Yeah. And so I'm on the back of this water buffalo. They assure me that it's safe. And they're, you know, that they've got the animal trainers on these movies. You had an animal trainer there. You have to, it's part of the, the union rules and Sure. We did And. I. I'm afraid of dogs. I'm afraid of animals. 'cause I'm, it's, it's a, my natural fear of, of the unpredictability of the animal kingdom. You don't know what they're gonna do. but I had been assured.


Everything's cool. So I got on the back of it and I'm supposed to come around the, the bend on this mountain path, and I'm just in my underpants. Yep. And I think I'm strapped to the buffalo because I'm like going through a, a, a drug Yes. Withdrawals at the same time. So I'm a sweaty mess. And the Buffalo I can tell is just a little bit uncomfortable. And, and they say action. And we start moving and, and I'm like, oh, oh, what's happening here? Maybe it sensed my, my fear But. it was uncomfortable And. it just started bucking Bronco. And I was like, ah, And it. I flew off of that thing. And I went ass over Tea Kettle, I think because there's no footage of it. Just like you.


Yeah. but I just, we hadn't entered frame yet. Like we were right behind the mountain. We were coming around And I flew and did a little flip to do and landed miraculously between two boulders and did not get injured at all. I did not have a hematoma. I just sort of had this miraculous, safe landing. And Ben was, I could hear him off in the distance, say, what's going on? Are we cutting? Let's take it Jack. Take it from the top. We didn't get any of it. I was like, no, You take it from the top. you get on it. Fucking buffalo. Because I had so much adrenaline inside me. I thought I was go, I saw my life flash before my eyes.


Yeah, of course. And I. I stormed off to my trailer just because I was like shaking and like not in any mood to be in the movie anymore. And, Or, or any movie. Any movie ever again. Yeah. So my stunt man, Jimmy Waitman hero that he is suited up and got on on the back of the, and the, they went ahead with the rest of those shots from that scene with my stunt man and also Robert Downey Jr. Was like petting the soothing the beast and calming the beast. And later on, months later, not months later, like weeks later, I don't remember how long ago, how long after that event took place.


Someone said, Jack, you know what? We found out that water buffalo was pregnant. And no one knew it had a baby inside. And that's why it was freaking out. 'cause it was uncomfortable. Oh, Jesus. And I was like, fuck me man. There's gotta be a way. They should know that before they put me on the back of a gigantic power beast. And then, and then a at the premier, someone was there that said, you know what? They named the baby, named them Jack. Oh, And. I was like, that's the sweetest thing. And God made it worth it. And I. Never. No it didn't. I would like to, you were almost killed. I would like to meet Jack. I wonder if Jack is a, well, I've got a surprise. Let's bring him in.


Open up that whole wall. What do you mean it doesn't open? I brought a jack the water buffalo. 8,000 miles. We gotta fix it. So this wall opens and we can bring people what they're talking about. God, damnit I hate this place.


I have to say, this is a busy summer for me. You gotta admit that, right? It is. David is, yeah. Very excited. I'm gonna be making a little appearance with some friends. Yeah. At the Newport Folk Festival. Ooh. And here's the deal. You know me, I, I get tired of hotels. Yeah. I go to a hotel and it's just, oh sir. Right this way. Oh, Ms. O'Brien. Yeah. And that's in New York. Carry. Carry your bag. Yeah. Lemme hold your bag for you. Oh, Ms. O'Brien. This way. Hey, we're in the Bronx. What's going on Ms. O'Brien? This way. I'll show you how to use the toilet I. know how to use the toilet. Hey. And you know, it gets on you. You know what I mean? It gets you crazy. Right. Oh, come on, I. know, you know that, that's why I prefer Airbnb because I get to chill in a space that feels natural. Yeah. There's no one around fussing over me. You're like at home. You feel like you're at home. And also I can have, you know me, I like to have a cool gathering. Like let's say I'm at the Newport Festival and there's some cool musicians there. And I wanna have 'em over to my place and we're gonna chill in our space. That's my vibe now I think is, I think I'm an Airbnb guy. Yeah, I really do. Yeah. So David, you gotta look Newport. Find me an Airbnb. Okay. Where I can chill All. right. Okay. We'll find the guest favorites. Yeah. And you should listen too. Airbnb. It's the way


Mattress Firm will find you the right mattress from a wide selection of top brands at every price point. Okay. Even those who don't deserve tour rest can get the, the bed that will make it happen from Mattress Firm. Yeah. You know what I mean? I don't care. You could be someone who's done terrible things in your life with a terrible conscience, but you'll get a great sleep. Yeah. With Mattress Firm, CLO or price. And another retailer. You do. Huh? We'll get the right bed here. And now Mattress Firm will match retailers prices up to 120 nights. That's nice. It's nice. Yeah. Can't wait to sleep. Great. Get your perfect bed. Not your almost perfect bed. Your perfect bedding. Get it quick with Mattress Firm Free and fast delivery. This is insane. God bless these people. Restrictions apply. See Mattress Firm dot com or store for details and text Conan 2 7 6 6 6 9 3 for an extra 20% off your next purchase at Mattress Firm. That's not texting me personally. I won't be picking up exclusions Supply.


Hey, I wanna make sure, 'cause I've, we've, I knew when I talked to you we would have such a great time chomp. I wanna make sure that I mention this, this film that you've made. Yeah. Which looks like an absolute blast. Borderlands. Yeah. And you are, this is based on a video game. This Is why I'm here actually. Yeah. I'm here to talk about Borderlands. Yeah. Yeah. We're just trying to cut this part out. So It's based on a video game that I actually played several years ago. I think it was close to 20 years ago that I played the first time I played Borderlands.


It's been around forever. And the thing that's cool, one of the thing that's cool about it is that it looks like the characters and the world was pulled straight out of a comic book. Like you can see the line. Yeah. And you don't see that in in other, or you didn't back when they first made this video game kind of a mind blowing technique that they were using. And it's kind of like a road warrior. Yeah. Where it looks like a post-apocalyptic desert landscape. And they got the, the really intense muscle bound freaks. They call 'em the, what do they call 'em? The berserkers. And you've got this incredible bounty hunter or they call 'em, oh man. I am bad at explaining movies.


That's why I tried not to get to it. I should have looked at a cheat sheet or something before I came in here. Lemme help you out here. Lemme two Hunters. But, but you know what I was so, I'm, I'm watching it. That we weren't, we, we didn't get the, they didn't send us the whole film. They, there was some link that didn't work. That's their story Anyway. but I, but I was watching a bunch of footage from which they did supply. Yeah. Kate Blanche. Yeah. The Best is in this Jimmy Lee Curtis the best. Kevin Hart The best. They can't all be the best. They can all be the best in their lanes. Nice. Got it. Got it. And then I say Con O'Brien's silence. The best, The best.


You know. Who does that Sandler about everything. Oh really? Adam Sandler. My Adam Sandler impression is I'll be talking to him and I'll be like, yeah, And. then we were staying in the same hotel. And I went. Yeah, I tried the hotdog The best And then, you know, whatever. I'll be like, yeah. And Don don't know. World War I was really terrible. But World War II felt like it had like a, at least an ethical reason for happening. The best World War II of is the best. I just love that. I always do that when I'm around him the best. Anyway. You have this insane cast. Yeah. And, but I love you are the voice of this, of this robot clap trap. Yeah. And it's a really, it's, it seems like a new take.


How would you describe Clap trap? 'cause it's actually very funny. Well, he's a helper robot that's kind of like the R 2D two comic relief of the movie. But he's also got a bitter under tastes. Yes. He Actually, this is an R rated tinge to this Clap track. He hate, he hates this mission. He hates this world. And he secretly hopes that everyone on this team dies But it. Other than that. Just like R 2D details. But he's programmed to help. So he's helping. But yeah. Under protest. And it was, it was a blast to do. But I do have to admit, I never went to the set. I did my whole role in a recording studio before they started filming.


And I had a great time doing that. You know, I love the voice work. Sure. It is the best, the best The past And And I got. So I did that. And then a couple months later, I knew they were all in Bulgaria, just in the deep mire of these, these landscapes that are in like hellish. Not the Bulgaria as hellish, but they found the hellish parts. Sure. And good save. I got a, I got a DM on my Instagram message service from Jamie Lee Curtis. 'cause we follow each other. And she said, where the fuck are you? We're all here knee deep in the hellish shit.


And I. Find out you are in the See me. You know, wherever you are in doing your recordings on the recording studio, And I said, I love you And I am there in spirit. And I will see you on the Red Carpe. But yeah, it's all love. Well look super funny. I'm looking forward to it. And, and also interesting. You've done a bunch of video game related movies. Super Mario Brothers movie, Jumanji. I mean, this is a Minecraft, right? Yeah. And I know that you're no stranger to the world of video games. Video Games. And you know, my, my son actually told me about your, your experiences with Hideo Kajima.


Oh yeah. That was crazy. And I was in Japan and Hado Kajima, why don't you jump in on this? Yeah, Yeah. Kojima invited us to his studio. He kojima. Yeah. I think it's Kma. Oh, oh. Finally someone that you listened to someone's pronunciation. And so we went to a studio And, it was still super death str It was super top secret. And they asked you to be in the game. And so you went in and got scanned, you know. Oh, They scanned And I. It Was, it was wild. But Also there was a lot of, we let you, they would check the angle of what we were shooting. 'cause they didn't want us to see even the people Yeah. That were at their screens working on the game in the background. It was so much, it was like I was in, you know, it was at the Manhattan project while they were making the bomb.


And they were, they were like, yeah, okay, we're gonna let you. Yeah. The NDA was like a phone book. Yeah. It was crazy. It was, it was insane. But. it was really such a, that's fun. I love, I love being in Easter egg and things because you never know who's gonna, who's gonna see it, who's gonna get to that level. And suddenly Conan O'Brien's ruining their adventure. And I, And I. Think in the game. What's great about in the game, if they talk to you and they, they follow your quest. They can get a special like hat made out of like raccoon skin that helps you swim faster. I mean, it's, it's awesome. It's really, yeah. It's a Cool role. That was my request. Okay. And Hideo Kojima. Yes. Also, you hear him about him having a, a colabs with some very big luminaries. Jordan Peele.


That's right. You might have heard of Yes. Is in there. And you also hear him mixing it up with who's the incredible filmmaker who did a splash of Water, the feeling of water. Oh, Guiller Del Torah. Thank you. That's not the name of that movie either, by the way. But incredible filmmakers. And you see that crossover happening, right? With Hiday o Kma and the film industry. And I'm always fascinated by where those two worlds meet. Well, You're, you're in it. I mean, you are I do, there's a world of video games and one of the things that makes sense to me is that there, there's such great storytelling. My son is a fan of very good video games. And so, so I will through him experience what amazing storytelling there is.


And so it makes sense that, that there would be movies, you know, well you See some of these games and they do, they do come across super cinematic. Like, you know, my, I love me some rockstar games, specifically Red Dead Redemption part two. Yeah. And, and it's, it's a, it's very much like a film long form film. And then you see some TV shows and movies that, well, only one really that comes to mind is that Black Mirror, the the movie, what's that called? The Bander Snatch. Bander Snatch. Where it is Let's, The difference between the Way Blaze said it Bla went Bandersnatch. Yeah, yeah. And then you went, yes, bander Snatch.


There's a reason This guy's a star not Band. My Stank Filter. And you, it's a choose your own adventure. And it's very much a video game and it's about video games And it. And you could see between Red Dead Redemption Two and Bander Snatch, they're both kind of bridging the gap between those two forms. And I feel like that's the direction we're moving in. It feels like video games are, are kind of taken over that space. And you can feel the, the movie industry kind of trembling under the, you know, the, the hooves of the apocalypse. Well, the, the, The, the, the concept. The who of the Apocalypse I know that I went off the rails. It's the Seven Horsemen of you.


I guess you're right. Yeah. Yeah. Well I'm not gonna let it go. But yeah, you don't know. Maybe the future of movies is you deciding which way you want to go in the movie. But in the meantime, these movies about video games that are based on video games, which she would swallow Please before you make this very presion point about where theater's going and movies. I Mean, not all of them, but a lot of them, a lot of the movies based on video game stories are huge hits. And I think that's because of the audience, the young audience. Maybe you've noticed that the new generation of gamers worship you because of your God.


You're saying the nicest thing about me, but I have to wait while you masticate on an old apple. My sons worship you, they love Oh, that's nice. They love them. Some Conan Conan and And I. Wonder if you feel that in the world out there where it's like these, this new generation, oh, That's it. Definitely. I'm shocked And I often lecture them. You shouldn't know who I am. It's Not just because of coma, but it's also because of this energy that you have. The And I think it's the same thing that made the, the days when I first met you electric is that this, oh, it's nice, this sense of adventure and this like throwing people out there out of a cannon. They can sense that, that vibe To you.


No, it's Jesus. don don't know. don don't know what's going on. But. it is very interesting that when I walk around or when people walk around with me, it's, it's still in 19 93, 15 and 16 year olds and 17 year olds like me in 2024. It's Yeah. Say, you know, and people my age are like, aren't you dead? But you can Feel, well this is what I'm saying, that you can feel the liquidity of the industry where it's like TV and movies, people aren't even really watching them so much anymore. Yeah. Now it's, Netflix is kind of, and the video games, it's, you can feel the shift. And to Me it's about less about the delivery system. It's always been the delivery system.


You have to almost assume is unimportant. It's what it, you just put your thing out there and there will be like, now we're doing this. Yeah. And probably I and fact Adam could say, but more people probably experience a pure hit of me this way than they ever would have if I was still doing a late night show. I don't, I that was not the plan. But just keep doing your thing and they'll, you'll find the delivery system. Yeah. Does that make sense? I do. Yeah. And. I also wonder, even sometimes when I'm not a hundred percent confident about the material that I have, part of me is like, it, it almost doesn't matter. What matters more is the energy behind the material.


Like if you're coming in and that kind of loose Yep. Relaxed way and you deliver it with an energy I know where I'm going now. No, But And that can all make a difference. But Brian Cranston was here and he said something really smart once c said, I, I was talking about, you know, he's such an incredible Actor and he said, you know what a really great Actor can get B material to a b plus, A minus material to an A. But they can't, the script is so important. Yeah. A a you know you that he said if you give me a a a B minus script, I'm not giving you the movie will not be an a plus or the performance will be. It just can't be. So you gotta, Okay then how come, the funniest movie I ever saw was Fs across the board.


Did. you ever check out the room for instance. That's the Classic. That's the, but that's an example of, that's just every now and then a meteor hits a tree, the tree flies up and the the tree explodes into pieces and all the pieces reassemble into a strata. Various violin. It doesn't happen often. But. it does happen. Yeah. Said the guy who's pretty sure it's never happened. But that's an example of sometimes and there's a happening. Yeah. But you can't make that the formula. That can't be the formula. That's true. All. right. I gotta wrap this up 'cause all the air just left your body. And, I worry about you Jack. We did good. And I ate almost this whole apple.


Yeah. You really Did. you know what? Couple bite, if you get, guess what? guess what? It was free. It's a free apple. You saw some free, a free Apple and you got excited. I adore you. I love you. I love you too. You are, you've been a really funny, positive part of my life and I was just to get to hang out with you and have this today was just a joy. So thank you so much. I bow to you and let's never, ever get on water buffaloes again. Ever All. right. Absolute peace Out Mike. Looking Forward to the next time we cross paths. Let's not wait this many years. Next time, let's Get together.


We'll do a social Thing. How about I come in for no reason where I Got no movie to promote. Yeah. Next week. That's not how I roll. I never do All. right. Peace out. Peace. Tupac. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Cession and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sacks, Nick Leo and Jeff Ross at Team Coco and Colin Anderson and Cody Fisher at Earwolf Theme song by the White Stripes, incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns.


Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Conn. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan? Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend wherever fine podcasts are downloaded


At Leidos. A brilliant mind is smart, but a brilliant team is smarter. A ship that finds enemy subs is smart, but an autonomous fleet that's smarter defending against cyber attacks, smart stopping attacks before they start smarter. And using AI tools is smart, but integrating trusted mission AI into your technology is smarter. We're not just making technology solutions in national security and health. We're making smart, smarter Leidos


Every day. Our world gets a little more connected, but a little further apart. But then there are moments that remind us to be more human. Thank you for calling Amica Insurance. Hey, I was just in an accident. Don't Worry, we'll get you taken care Of. At Amica, we understand that looking out for each other isn't new or groundbreaking. It's human amica. Empathy is our best policy.