
College students get 50% off Walmart plus memberships. So you can get things like Taki lab notebooks and socks delivered straight to your dorm deal. End September 13th to join. Now Walmart plus free delivery on college Essentials. $35 minimum for free delivery for eligible college and grad students. Ends 9 13 24 C term subject to change.


You know me, Sona. I love adventure. You love adventure. And a man that loves adventure and needs one kind of car. Introducing the Nissan Pathfinder Rock Creek. Oh, nice. Squeezing through narrow obstacles, activate the intelligent around view monitor with off road mode. Mm. Plus the tubular roof rack has up to 220 pounds. Dynamic capacity for loading up your gear. Oh, I've never heard you say tubular. Well, it is most tubular. This car. Lemme tell you that right now. Find your path in the Nissan Pathfinder Rock Creek. Learn more at Nissan usa.com. Cargo and load capacity. Limited by weight and distribution. Always secure cargo. Heavy loading of the vehicle with cargo, especially on the roof, will affect the handling and stability of the vehicle intelligent around you. Monitor cannot eliminate blind spots and may not detect every object. Driver should always turn and check surroundings before driving. See owner's Manual for safety information.


Conan O'Brien needs A friend is brought to you by ADT. Let me talk about ADT for a second please. ADT spends all of their seconds helping protect all of yours. That's a cool idea. 'cause a lot can happen in a second's. True Did. you know that That's true. That is true. Like, one second, your baby can't walk, then suddenly bang, they can walk. Except for me, I didn't walk till I was about nine. Oh yeah. We don't know what was wrong. Legs were fine. Apparently it's just a lack of will. You just chose not to. Okay. No. One second. You're happily single. The next second you catch a glimpse of someone and well, maybe you don't wanna be single anymore. That did happen to me. Oh, I know it did. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And then years later, I met my wife. Oh, I love you, baby. No, maybe one second. You have a business idea that seems like a pipe dream. And the next you have an LLC and a dream come true. Wow. This whole second thing is really something. Yeah. And when it comes to your home, one second. You feel safe. And the next, well, even if something does happen, guess what? You can still feel safe thanks to ADT. After all, ADT is America's most trusted name in home security. Because when every second counts count on ADT. Isn't that nice? I like that. I like how that all came around. Yeah. I was worried for a while. It wouldn't get to ADT. I mean, I think ADT should be, she the one worried about it. But. anyway. Visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT a s ap.


Hello, my name is James Corden. And I. Feel delighted about being Conan O'Brien's friend. Fall here. Back to school. Ring Bell shoes. Walking. loose the fence. And I. My wife Liza. Yeah. Lover. I say that it's a contractual thing. Oh. But she's very into like, taking care of herself, being healthy and, and she sent me to work with this person.


She said, I think this person would be good for you. Teach you some like good stretches and movements and things like that. 'cause she's always doing her best to see if she can keep me alive just a little longer. And, but this woman was telling me, oh, try this deep breathing and exhaling. I said, okay. And she said, when you exhale, make a lot of noise, because that's, have you ever heard that before? First of, Welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Oh, I didn't realize we were doing You just before we started recording, you said, so this is an intro. No, sorry. We're Good. Keep going. No, no. I wanna, I, I really wanna hear what you, I wanna hear this. I, because I need to hear. I need, so I'll, but I'll introduce you guys first.


And, then we can get Oh, They know who we are. You just keep rolling. This is man, we're fast and loose here. Hey. Wow. This is so loose. Okay. I, I'm feeling a little bit of shame because you did say this is an intro and then I just started babbling without formally introducing you. And in Your defense, we're doing a bunch of different things right now, So, oh no. We only do one at a time once a week. We don't do a bunch of things in a row. Jam 'em all together and then leave for the Maldives for like six months. I can't wait. Golden helicopter. Oh, I'm already packed. No, but she was teaching me that, you know, you breathe in and then you breathe out and you go, why?


And that's supposed to be good for you. Have you, has anyone heard this before? That it's supposed to be good to make sound because it causes vibrations and let's All try. Anyway, I was doing it. I lay on the floor. And I was doing it. And it just sounded like I was an impatient asshole. What do you mean? Because that was just, you know, people were, my kids are around around and I'm in the corner going, and then I would notice that, you know, like my daughter would say something like, oh, And I. You know, I went to this music festival, And I. I really thought the artists were really great.


And you know, people were like, well, hey, what's your problem? It just sounded like the biggest drag in the world. Did. you feel a difference? I can kind of see what this woman was talking about that It, It, it does make the exhale a little more powerful. And I could see how it really gets all the carbon di dioxide out. I can see a lot of reasoning behind it. I think she's onto something. And I bet you that it's a real, you know, popular thought out there. But more what I realized is you've gotta find a place where no one else is around. Yeah, yeah. Because people are having conversations and, you know, whatever they're saying, it can, if you're on the floor behind a couch and they can't even see you and they say things like, you know, I just want you to know, son, I really, I really love you.


Ugh. But it's gonna be even more weird if you hear it coming from a distant room. Yeah. I know, You know? Well, I think we've made a lot of advance. I mean, we still have a long way to go, but we have made some good advances in civil rights. What is your Fucking problem? My mom is, well, I'm really glad, you know, women didn't used to have the right to vote. And it's good. I mean, think about it. You know, we have come stupid women having to vote. Oh, what? But that's what it sounds like. Oh yeah. That's Not something I believe I was gonna say, I used to walk on my mom's back and she would exhale like that when I was doing it.


And I thought I was hurting her because to just like massage her and stuff. Did no one else walk on their parents' back? Was that just me? Well, I think I would've killed my mother if I walked on her back. Okay. You know, I don. I Wasn't like a grown adult. Oh. I was, you know, a kid and she'd just be like, can you walk on my back? And I'd, I'd, okay. That's All, right? That's All, right. No one else. Sorry. That's fine. That's, I don't think it's that odd. I just, I have, I didn't do it to my parents. No, but the sounds that she would make were like those guttural sounds. Yeah. And. it Was. Yeah. It's great. I meant well, I, I, yeah. I think we're also inhibited. And when I say all of us, I mean just me, but it's a good idea to, it's just that I it does sound like you're editorializing.


When theater school, we used to have to do that stupid thing where you'd go Theater school. Yeah. I went to What's, what's theater School Motherfuckers. I have a master of fine arts and theater. We're All shocked. Who says motherfuckers? I have a master's in fine arts and Theater. This motherfucker there too. The first part of the sentences was like, I've got a Glock and I'm gonna put a cap in your ass. But then it went to, I've got a master's in fine Arts and theater. Hey motherfucker, I've Got a master's in fine Arts and theater Because there's no other way to say it without absolute shame and embarrassment. Whoa. Okay. That's a nice, That's good. It's be funny to switch it and say like, well, I'd like you to know, I think I'm very qualified to put on checkoffs production of the seagull because I got a motherfuck clock.


Switch it around. Well, we used to have to do this horrible thing where you try to release your jaw and you go, I hated it. I never wait. What? don don't even know what that is. That's like to loosen, you're supposed to loosen your jaw. Like let get it as relaxed as possible. I could never do It. Do it again. No. That's how you trick someone into looking like they're giving a blowjob. I love that they gave you a theater exercise. It's just take your two hands like this and then go, Oh, It's, and you're like, I'm exercising. This is a theater. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Keep doing it. This Is a guy in a back of A van. Keep doing it. Keep doing it. Do it again. Do do it again.


That's good. That's really good. Oh no. Yeah. Now just say, now just say, work the shaft. Wait, what? You know it's A line from checkup. It's A line from the cherry orchard where they have to work the shaft. Oh my God. I'm just realizing everything's splashing back on me. Yeah. Oh, tell me about some of these other exercises at theater school. Sometimes We'd have to just straight up give a blow job. Oh, well that's different. Okay. Is your MFA on like notebook paper and it's in Sharpie. I went to theater school. Where was it? It was in that warehouse. My, my diploma abandoned napkin that you can only read under Black light.


I can't Believe you did that and never thought Wrong. Oh, maybe it was down here. don don't know. It still does. No, You can do it down there. Hey, Sona, stop it. I'm, I'm seeing if it works. If it actually loosens your jaw, that's, maybe we should do more warmups before we record That there's now video footage of all three of us doing you specifically in, In Profile to I don't care. Make it. You know. Hey, hey. We get the clicks. I don't care how we get the clicks. You think I care how we get the clicks? Hey America, you want Click away. America's a It's a new meme. It's a new meme.


Yeah. You don't think we can turn that into something My kid's gotta Eat. Oh. You know, can I tell you? Oh no. This reminds me of an idea. I'm crying. I swear to God. This was an idea from memories. This was an idea we had on the late night show and we really wanted to do it and we just never did it. But we wanted to make a fake ad for like late night and we wanted it to me be figure out a pose where I've got like my mouth open and my hands like this. And we're saying like, you know, Conan gobbles up the competition in late night and put it all over New York. Right? Oh yeah. And make it perfect so that you can't not draw a dick.


Right? Yeah. And wait two days and then go around and shoot all of the, you know, we thought that would be like the funniest thing to do And then we just never did it. I think It's not too late. Well, this is gonna top that. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my God. But it just, you know, whatever. Go for it. What do I care? Am I my life? My life is pretty much over I know. Same it up. We're both on the other side of things. Just go to town. Alright. My guest today hosted the Late Late Show on CBS for eight years now. He has a new Sirius XM series called This Life of Mine available on Channel 1 0 9 and on the Sirius XM app.


Very excited. He is here today. James Corden. Welcome. Very nice to have you here. That's lovely. There is so much to talk about because you, And I share certain experiences. And I can't talk to a lot of people about this. Meaning It's Weird, isn't it? Yeah. I know what you mean. Yes. We've both murdered without conscience and we've never been caught, Man. I think, I think it's, I think the term is manslaughter. I don't think, well, to be clear Yours, can I just say yours was manslaughter. Yours was actually, mine Was, I thought about it for a long Time. It's the grounds. It was, it was murder. Straight up. Straight out. I thought about it. I've got the tub, I got the various chemicals.


Oh God. Well this is really taking a ticket now. I am wary about being stranger. You should be wary. You should be wary. No, we have a lot in, in common. And then I, you know, I thought I'd start with the obvious one, which is we've both hosted late night shows. I read a quote from you once that I could relate to a lot, which is you said when you were picked for the late, late show that you thought, well, this is absurd. I've never stood on a monologue, mark. I've never interviewed, interviewed anyone. This shouldn't be what's happening. There was this sense of, gee, I haven't done any of the things that you're supposed to have been doing to be a late night host, but I thought I had other qualities that would out in the end. Yeah.


And then it turns out that this very strict notion that we have here, I mean these are really an American invention, these shows. I think this really strict notion of what a late night host had to be changed a lot. Well, Yes. I mean, I think, I think when I think about when, back when I started in amongst an entire out of body experience of feeling just unbelievably out of my depth and deeply unqualified to do such a thing, I think I just was not completely aware of the, the history of the form in a way. I, I, I read, when I got the job, I read all the books, which, you know, you are very, very have much written about in lots of the Bill Carter books and things like that.


And I read them all. And I would, I was like reading them thinking This is nuts. You shouldn't be reading any of this. This is That. So silly to be reading This. That's it is so, it is so foolish to be reading books about basically when you host one of these shows, you're going in to be yourself and create an environment where you're happy and you're doing your thing. So the idea that you'd be studying for it, you can't bone up on no any of this. There's no school for it. You just have to do it. And then increasingly find the things that you love to do. Do those, keep doubling down on that. And you did that And. it was fantastically successful. Well, that's it. I really remember quite vividly a sort of light bulb moment where we only had, I think we had 11 weeks to put our show together.


Build a set, get a team together. Yeah. Writers all these things. Segment producers and, and all this stuff. So there was really not a lot of time to think about it, to sort of existentially. And then, you know, we, we couldn't really book any guests on the show. 'cause all publicists were just going, well, understandably, we're going, well, we're gonna wait and see, see what the show's like, and then we'll book 'em. And we would be like, don don't know that we have that time. Right. 'cause we were, we were gonna follow Letterman's last I think two months, maybe seven weeks, And. then we were following like repeats of Hawaii five oh. Through the summer. And then where we Actually, it's my dream to follow a repeat of Hawaii five. Oh. It was Actually one of my funniest bits we used to do where we'd follow like Hawaii five Oh.


Or, or shows of that ilk. And so we'd start episodes through the summer with a mock episode of Talking Hawaii five Oh. And we would just discuss Right, what happened in that episode? And then sometimes, 'cause the, the episode would be from like five years ago. And we'd managed to get, we'd find the guy who played like the guy at the newsstand. That's Fantastic though. And we'd be like, how was, you know, So. anyway, we knew we had this little bit bit of time. And I was just sitting thinking God. And it's a strange thing about how you could sort of change your, your, your just your attitude really to, to how something's going. Where I would sit And I think, God, nobody, nobody knows what we could do. No one knows what this show is. And then you just have a moment when you go, oh, hang on, wait.


Nobody knows what I can do. Nobody knows what I'm capable of. And nobody knows what this show is. Oh wow. All the things that I thought were negatives are positive, just suddenly became positive. So it's like, yes. Well, it doesn't matter. Then Boggles my mind how people manage to f wherever you place someone in the world or whatever situation you place them in, if they're meant to do something. I have this theory that like a salmon swimming upstream, they will figure that out. You have a moment when you're a kid where you very much realize. 'cause then you have two sisters. That's right. Yeah. And your sisters are very funny, charismatic. Oh, I'm the quietest, you're The Quiet one of our entire family. But what's your, no one can ever believe that. What's your moment when you, you, you're looking at, do you go to the theater?


Where do you go? Where do you see it? Is it television or theater? Where do you look and say that? What is, because I've, I remember my moments when I'd say, what is that? I wanna be doing that. Well, I it's, it's less so about seeing something What a a, a real big memory of mine is. I can remember that I, I was four years old and my, we used to, we were a Salvation Army family. So we used to go to church at the Salvation Army. And which is, you know, a thing in of itself, which we'll unpack another day. And I, don't, I have To be honest with you, don don't know what a Salvation Army thing Is. A Salvation Army is kind of different in America than it is in, in the uk where basically, and when you, like any church that you are born into, you think it's completely normal that on a Sunday your parents put on a uniform and you go down to church and then you march through the town while your mom sings in the choir and your dad, you know, is playing in the band.


And this is just completely normal. Yeah. We're walking through the town. This is what everybody does. And then, And it's the uniform that we know here in the us. Correct. Same ass. The Salvation Army Uniform thing. It kind of looks A little, It's a Military. Yeah. Looks like a police. It looks like a police uniform. And your parents are wearing it. Yeah. And your mum's got up, bon it on, and then you'll go to the morning service, you'll rush home, eat a roast dinner, which is essentially what you Americans do on Thanksgiving. You'd eat that every Sunday. Oh, good deal. Until you can't breathe. And then you'll go back at night and do it again. And there's a brass band and all this stuff. It's absolutely absurd.


But when you are like 8, 4, 5, 6, 7 up until I was like 13, 14, where I was like, huh. So when you say weekend, you mean you're not, you're playing like soccer or any of these? Nothing. Zero, but Well, I love the assumption that you think everyone else is Well, it's the weekend. Yeah. So I guess your father is gonna dress up completely like a corporal and bang on a drum And sing Onward Christian soldiers as you walk through the town. Yeah. That's, that's, well, I, it's, we're all doing that. Right guys. It's funny. I grew up, I grew up very Catholic and I just remembered thinking, well, this is what people do. Yeah. We go to church, these magic tricks are performed Mm.


Where the, a cookie is turned into the body and blood of Christ. And there's, there's incense and chimes are ringing and And I. I I just assumed that this is what everybody does. Yeah. It's true. And then you realize it's, oh no. Yes, there are, there's a large number of Catholics. But no, not everybody. Not everybody's watching this Las Vegas act every weekend. Correct. That's it. So I'm, and but I say that, I don't say that with disrespect. I have the greatest respect for Las Vegas. And Siegfried and Roy were your pastors, right? Yes, they were. Until unfortunately, the, well, you know, you know what happened. So four, four years old, you're doing that. So Four years old, my sister's being christened, which is the, the equivalent of sort of being, you know, I, I get Yeah.


Christened, do you call it christened? Right. Churches. So she's being christened. And our family is on the, the, the platform, which is kind of any other stage. Pilot would be a stage. And the Salvation Army officer, who the vicar or the priest would said, oh, you know, James, you, you can't really see. Let's grab him a chair. And he got me a chair. And I stood on this chair. And then suddenly I could see the congregation of this church, which was probably 17 people in my head. It was a thousand. Sure. And I looked out. And then I just sort of like, started pulling like a face And, it gets a little giggle and then do something else. And they giggle. And then I still remember turning around and looking under my legs.


And they're all cracking up laughing. And I can remember. Well the, the weirdest thing is I remember they feeling amazing. And then going back to join the congregation and sitting between my elder sister and my mom. And you know, I'm back in the sort of the, the rows of the church and there's someone's back in front of me, And I remember thinking, well, this is boring compared to being up there, Up there is better Up there, good down here, there. And from then on just became a quest to be like up there. And that was it. Like I really, really remember that. And then And, then we would go to the theater all the time. Like I, when I was sort of turned 11, I, we didn't have, we weren't, we didn't have much money really.


And but, so I would, I never used to get like, birthday presents or Christmas presents. I would just get theater tickets and we'd go and see, you know, Starlight Express or, or Le Miserable or the Phantom of the, you know, any of the big running musicals, And I would just remember sitting there just thinking, well, this is the most extraordinary feeling. Yeah. I'm in a room with 2000 people. This is just magic. This is amazing. How, how can I be a part of this somehow in any way, shape, or form? This just feels completely right in every way. You know, You know, it's interesting 'cause you have this trajectory in the uk I think when, when you started your show here in the States, you'd had success on, on, on Broadway.


But your your big breakout moment was unknown to a lot of us. Like, I didn't know really about Gavin and Stacey. Yeah. And this is a show that you created with a friend of yours. Me and my friend Ruth wrote it. Yeah. And you write this, and it's 2007, I think it's 2010. It's the sitcom that really launched your career. And what always interests me is the impetus that the, the old term for it is moxie. Like they would say in the 1930s that, that kids got moxie. But to create your own show and sort of launch your own career that way is pretty amazing. You, you made that happen. Well, it, it really came out of a, a kind of moment of frustration in, in a way, because I was in a play called The History Boys, which really when it opened became the play to see it was the play in London.


And we did a world tour. We shot a movie of it, And, then we went to Broadway, And, it kind of swept the ball at the Tony's and all these things. And in this play were eight boys all of a similar age, all in a pretty similar stage in our careers. And I'd been lucky that I'd done a, a couple of like, films and I'd done a TV series that my friend Ruth was in Ruth Jones, who is just a magnificent actress and writer. And we were doing the play. And then when we got to New York, the play was such a smash that, that all these boys were like, just like my buddy Dominic, who's like, you know, I used to live with, introduced me to, my wife was just coming in every day with like five movie scripts. And he was like, God, I gotta read all these before I meet Martin Scorsese at 6:00 PM over the road.


You know, it was all this like, you know, Sam Barnett was like, I'd just been to a restaurant with Steven Spielberg. Right. You know, it was all like this. And I remember one day there was a a, a script And. it was a hard script And, it was so amazing about these two, two young British guys who aged sort of late teens, early twenties who were going traveling around the world. And then they got accused of a murder. And this was like, it was, this was, this was the thing. It was gonna be huge. And me and my friend Andy and Russell were all being sent the script. This was actually when we were at the National Theater before we got to New York. And we go down to pick up these scripts. And I'll never forget it, that they both had the entire script.


And I just had two pages, which was the guy who worked on a news stand who Yeah. Sold them something on their way to the airport. And I was like, fuck And. it was like, really? Because I'm fat. Right? And you're like, oh man, I didn't, I never thought about that. I was genuinely like, I hadn't even considered that like, right. I just, the way I looked was gonna, it really felt like you Didn't fit into a certain mold This year. Yeah. The people were going, well, we think you are good, but you know, you'll drop off a TV to Hugh Grant in a rom-com. Hey, many of us got our start that way. And you'll work your way, you'll work your way up. And then maybe when you're in your early fifties, you'll play like a sort of bubbly judge in something, you know?


And And I remember being like, oh, I, I hadn't, I hadn't even, yeah, I hadn't even thought about that. I was like, oh, I just figured this was gonna be what I do. So then it was like, oh, okay. And I was discussing this with, with my friend Ruth. And I'd been to a wedding in, in a place in Wales called Barry Island, which Ruth knew very well. She's from Wales. And I just told her, I've been at this wedding. And I was like, I had this idea for a story. And she said, ah, I think we should try and write that And. it was really her perseverance of going, I James, I really think we should write this. And we submitted it to the PBC and then to Nobody is more surprised than Ruth And I that the, the show launched on a small digital channel called BBC three And.


it had I think like 420,000 viewers, which was a respectable number for that channel. And then by the time, the last episode that we, that we put out was at the time the most watched scripted show of the decade in Britain. I think it had like 18 million viewers. I think And. it was just kind of an a a a crazy time of, of where it just was amazing.


This podcast is supported by FXs English teacher from Paul Sims, the executive producer that brought you what we do in the Shadows. Love that show English teacher follows Evan, a teacher in Austin, Texas who learns if it's really possible to be your full self at your job, while often finding himself at the intersection of the personal, professional and political aspects of working at a high school. FXs English teacher premier's September 2nd on FX Stream. On Hulu.


Supercut knows what you think. It's a quick, cheap haircut. You can get almost anywhere. Well, you're right about quick. Okay. I'll give you that. Yes. I'm gonna give you that one. You're right about quick. But Super Cuts is not that cheap. It's not a bargain basement chop shop. Like some discount options out there. You got the wrong idea about Super Cuts, if that's what you're thinking. Yeah. Super Cuts just happens to have 2000 reputable salons full of trained proficient stylists who give great haircuts at reasonable prices. Right. Not some cheap chop shop. In fact, if you were to imagine a brand that was visited by nearly 25 million people last year with a satisfaction rating of 96%, man wow. I Wish. This podcast had that 96% satisfaction. That's a lot. That's almost everybody. That's almost everybody. Yeah. What, what brand would come to mind if you were thinking about that would Super Cuts. Probably not But. it should. That's the point. Super Cuts is super convenient. Their salons let you check in at a time that works for you. That's what I like too. Sometimes I try to make a, an appointment at a salon. Yeah. And, I say, you know what? Time works for me. And the person on the phone says, I don't care. You gotta come in. When we tell you tell you to come in, that's when you, you're gonna come in. Okay. Yeah. And I'm like, whoa, this doesn't sound like a salon for me. Do you happen to know where Supercuts is? Oh, good. Then they go, girl, Supercuts wins again. Supercuts super convenient. The salons let you check in at a time that works for you. It's supercuts.com. Or just walk right in. It's your hair. It's your goal


As a B2B marketer. You know how noisy ad space can be. It's noisy out there. Yeah. If your message isn't targeted, the right audience, it just disappears on the noise. Like a little crouton in a giant storm. With LinkedIn ads, you can precisely reach the professionals who are more likely to find your ad relevant. With LinkedIn's targeting capabilities, you can reach them by job title, industry company, and more you'll have direct access to and build relationships with decision makers. A billion members, 180 million senior level executives, 10 million C-level executives, I Wish, I was a c-level executive. Start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. That means business to business. They'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco to claim your credit. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions apply LinkedIn the place to be dot.do to be.


I went to audition for a film. And I had been, I knew this is must be 20 years ago now, if not more And. it definitely more actually. 'cause I remember I was about to turn 21 and I'd got the, they'd sent these sides of the character, And I, forget who the character was. And I went in And I read the, read the scene and the director goes, that was, that was great, James. That was really good. He's, I promise you, these were his out words. He went seeing you now and meeting you in person. We think there's another part that you are perfect for. Can we give you the script? And you go outside, take as long as you need and look at these scenes and come back in and read if you wanna come back later in the day or to take half an hour, whatever you need. But we seeing you now in person.


We really feel that this is great. I was like, okay, no, we, we, we just can't find this guy. And just so you know, we really think it could be. And I'm like, this is how Hollywood, this is how Hollywood's starts. Sounds like a train that's coming to kill us. I know it's coming. I go out and there's nothing we can do Out. I open the thing And I, forget the character's name, but I remember it said mid twenties repulsive. And he said, he says, he said he has acne on his face, Acne on his face, hairspray. Like his hair is, his scalp is like his Scalp has flaky Skin. All this stuff.


And I. Literally, I remember reading it going, Mm, Okay. And then, and now I think, well, why wouldn't you just go, Hey guys, I'm no, I'm good. But at the time you're just like, I just need a job. I wanna work. So you're like, sure, of course. Yeah. So go back in and they're like, what do you think? I was like, I love it. But the idea that someone would say, now seeing you in the flesh, oh you, other than this Black and white headshot photo, now that I see you Repulsive, You look at the script, enter shithead. Yeah, exactly. Right. The great thing about this arc is you decide I'm gonna take matters into my own hands.


And then you have other massive success on Broadway. And, but then you, you come to the, the Late Late Show. There are a lot of successful segments, but the carpool karaoke just blows up. It's not often that I see someone else do something where I think, oh man, I Wish. That had been me. But when you spent the day And I, 'cause I, I ran into you once and asked you about it. I'm such a Beatles fanatic. And when you spent the day with McCartney, I was just like, damnit, why couldn't I have just been in the backseat listening? You know, like, why couldn't I have been there? 'cause that Was Extraordinary. It was just a dream come true for me. It was extraordinary. Yeah. You know, I dunno if you are like this, but I'm really aware of what a great time I'm having. It's only retrospectively I look back and go, oh yeah, that was fun.


Yeah. At the time, I don't, you know, I just, you're Just in it. You're in it, you're doing it. Yeah. But Doing that day, you, you know, I I I just knew that we were doing something that was incredibly special. I, I And I knew. I think I knew before I even watched the edit, that it was like, okay, well this is the pinnacle of this bit. It's, it's really up to us how slowly we can glide away from it. Yeah. We won't, we won't hit a peak like this. Again, It's not just that you're in a car with Paul McCartney and you're singing Beatles songs, but you're driving through Liverpool. Yeah. Because that's gonna fire neurons in McCartney, And. it clearly did that. Yes. He's, he's giving interviews all the time to everybody.


And he's sometimes probably saying things said before, but if you're driving him around Liverpool, he's gonna, neurons are gonna fire and he's gonna say things that maybe he hasn't said before. And that's the, that's the impression I got of that time you guys Had together of it completely. Well, I think, I think what I realized that day is, is actually true for anybody who's left their hometown. Anybody who leaves their hometown. When you go back, like, I can't remember what I did last week. If you said to me what Did you do last Tuesday, it would really take me a long time to go, oh, what day was Tuesday? I can remember the journey from my house to Richard Shed's house, to Greg's house, to Andy's house, to school, to the back of the I like that.


Yeah. And so when you go home, you are so in, you are so acutely aware of the road, you've traveled from it, you can see it. So being there with Paul who, you know, he was kind of reticent to do, to do it is the truth. You did mention this to me. You said that obviously he's the obvious person to go to to do car carpool karaoke. And that looked like it was gonna happen, but then maybe, And then he was out, and then he was back in, and then he was out again. And then even on the day, What do you think the reticence was about? I just think at that point that that segment, you could so clearly view it in numbers. And I think he felt like, ah, but you know, I think when you're in a, like if Justin Biebel was in the car last week and one direction in their car next week, I think he was aware of trying not to look like he was trying to grab onto something that was perhaps quite young and youthful.


And I was saying to him, look Paul, we've, we've never done anything like this where we've traveled somewhere. We are, we have a stunt at the end. We're gonna go into your Yeah. House. You know, we are giving this everything. We're gonna switch places and drive my car. We are gonna, we will not let this fail. We will not, even if one of these bits doesn't work, there's gonna be three other bits in the segment that will, and, and even on the day, you know, he, he said to me, we were in this hotel again like hair and makeup and this is where we're gonna leave from and microphones and all these things. And he said to me, he said, James, can I, can I speak to to you for a minute? And I said, sure. And we go into this walk-in closet, and he shuts the door. And I say, you okay? And he goes, I don't want to go in my house.


Yeah. And I said, what do you mean? He said, I don't wanna go in. I've never been in, whenever I bring people to Liverpool, we just drive up outside And I, show them the house. And I drive on. He said, I feel a bit weird about it. It's now a National Trust house. Yes. Yeah. So it's all been put, it's all looks the same. And he said, I just don't feel comfortable with it. And I was thinking, okay, this is, this is quite a big bit that we were gonna do. but I, I, I just went to him. I said, Paul, there is the only point of today is that you, And I have a great time. And if we are having a great time, this is gonna be great. You shouldn't be worried about anything. but I wouldn't dismiss anything now either. You dunno how we're gonna feel. We'll have been in the car for 45 minutes at that point. So why don't we do this? We'll pull up outside and if you give me a look that says you don't want to go in, we'll just drive on and I'll take the hit for it.


Right. I'll, I'll say It was me. It was my fault. But don't, you shouldn't overthink it in any way. So we're doing, it's all going great. We're having a great time. We're singing the songs and we pull up outside and And, I was then I was thinking, oh shit, I should have said code word. Because what if he's giving me a look? And I and You don know what the Look Is, look is. We never really worked out what was, because He does wink a lot in conversations. Yeah, Exactly. Which means I know what if he has gas. So I'm going, and it's actually, it's in the finished clip where I go, do you wanna go inside? And he goes, yeah, let's go in. And I was like, okay, And, then we, you know, but let's Go in was the signal meaning let's go In, let's leave. You fucked It up.


But he's never forgotten it That day. I've never seen people, you know how now like, you know, you, the, the the now the, the selfie is the thing. Everyone wants a I have never seen people not be wanting anything from someone who's famous. They just want to thank him. Yeah. I've never seen anything like it, like going up Penny Lane and going in the barbershop and all those things. You know, when people go, oh my God, it stopped traffic But. it didn't, not really. I've ne traffic standstill people just every car round this roundabout, just no one moving. Just there's Paul McCartney on Penny Penny Lane. And then going into his, going into that house and all these things. I I, I've just never ever been so aware of like, what an absolute privilege a, a day is to, to spend a day like this.


I've ne I'll never ever Forget it. And. it was also just a real gift to, to Beatles fans because that was a great format. Perfect for him. It kind of leads me to my next thing, which is you did the show. 'cause you talk about, okay, I did that and now we're gonna try and it's how long we glide away from it. You decide to wrap it up. It's very interesting. 'cause I don't know what your experience was, but I can't talk to many people about this. My experience was, I was so glad I got to do it. I loved it every second of it. Not every second. but I loved a lot of it. And then when it was over, there hasn't been a moment where I've thought, gee, I Wish, I could be doing that. A late night show again. Exactly The same Because I think I get one life.


There's so much to try, there's so much to do. Did that, and so you, how do you feel Exactly the same. I haven't, the only thing I miss really is, is being part of a, a gang. Like, going and sitting with, sitting with people who I am every day would be blown away by how funny they are. I just could not, like, that's what I really miss. Sitting with Ian and Lauren and Cece and Sean and they like, I just sitting with these people. That Was your mistake. You had funny writers. My my God, did I ever, I only hired absolute terrible people. The worst. The right Sona the worst.


They were awful. Yeah. That's Many of them are in this building. Oh, oh, they're still here. They're still Oh yeah, yeah. But they're not smart enough to figure out how to get into this room. Okay. So I'm safe now, now, but I know what you mean. I missed that. I Miss the idea of having like an idea in the morning and being like, yeah, let's, let's do it. Let's do it tonight. Like, I'm, I, that's what I miss. I don't miss, I certainly don't miss walking out of a curtain and being like, let's have a look and see who's on the show tonight. I don't miss going stick around. We'll be right back. I don't miss any of the actual doing of the show. I would go so far as say I haven't thought about it. Yeah. The thing I think about is the people. Yeah. Like I re I remember the, the day after the Oscars when the, the the Will Smith Chris Rock thing happened.


Like this was a sort of real example of, of how our show used to work. Where it was like, okay, everybody's gonna be talking about that. Everybody's gonna be talking about that moment. What's our show's version of that? How do we do that? And it's ticking down. It's now midday. And you're like, okay, we tape at five. Okay, we're probably just gonna do some jokes about it. And that's, we haven't come up with a good idea. And then, you know, one of our riders goes, I think it was Molly who worked on the show, just goes, I've got this written down. I don't have any more than this. But we don't talk about Jada. 'cause we don't talk about Bruno was the big song of that year.


We don't talk about Jada. And everyone goes, oh, that's it. Okay, great. So now we need to write the song. So Molly, why don't you go with Dave and with Lawrence and then Okay. Right. Probably need dancers. But hang on, we need dancers who've been covid tested and then someone's like, we've just found out there's a steady cam operator in the building doing a thing for I know whether it's like Dancing with the Stars over. He's covid tested. He can be here at six, but we'll have to tape it after. Okay. That's probably a positive. And then it's like, are we gonna sing it live? And then that's the thing. That's the staff. Yeah. And then you're kind of feeding it almost live down the line to be on the East coast at nine 30.


'cause an idea that happened at midday and then you get the thrill of the next day. X amount of million people have watched it on YouTube and you go, huh, that was great. And then the absolute horror of going, oh fuck, what are we gonna do tonight? Yeah. Did anyone slap anyone last night? Yeah. I, I love that. But the other thing I've missed, having a live band as a regular part of my life gave me so much joy. And I realize that it's not so much the the show that I miss anymore, but if I could get my band to play when I come down in the morning to get my coffee, you know, I just, there was, or and then it's like, well, breakfast was great.


We'll take a break. Bam it, boom. I just loved the power of that. And also being around so much live music all those years. This is, We've just missed your birthday, right? Yeah. That, that I think this is what I would say to the team here. It's unlikely that I'll be here, but I would say for, for Conan's birthday next year, you should get him a band from That. Sounds like when he Wakes up in the morning. No, but if you have it from a he'll, he'll, he'll, he won't miss it if they're in How about a card? Alright, I'll, this is fine James. This. I thought this was a different environment. James. James, this is what we're Working. You really do need a friend. That's why I wow you.


I'm not fucking around with the title of that. I need a friend because this is what I get. Geez. A Card. And guess what? It won't even be a it, it will be like a half. Congratulations on your Bris card. It won't even be for my birthday. Yeah. It'll be one I we find in a drawer. You'll just grabbed it. But that's fascinating to me that that little elements you can miss. but I think, you know, when it's time to like, let's, let's go and do the next thing. And I knew for quite a while. I was gonna leave at year five. I was real close. Like I genuinely had like one foot out the door. And I'm very, very pleased that I chose to stay. 'cause I think then if I'd left, then I think it would've been way too soon.


And I would've thought, oh, what Did you leave for. You got to, you were just reaping the rewards of it being good, getting good guests, all that stuff. Yep. But I, I really, you know, I really felt like so many things changed from when, you know, when we, when we started the show, it was like Obama was the president and then there was like, then it was Trump and then it, it just, then it felt like it, it changed. And somehow if you didn't do a deeply political monologue, you were somehow complicit with the Trump organization. Right, right. Which I didn't quite understand not being from here. And then it was covid. So then like you're doing a show in the gar in your garage and you're like, you're just trying to keep as many of the team in work as you can.


Yes. And trying to find, you know, jobs and everything for people and and stuff like that. And so I was like, oh this isn't I just this Okay, it's time. It's time to, it's time to, to to go now it's time to, to move away from, from this And I again, I will always be dumbfounded that it was something I was able to do. It was something I was even given the opportunity to do. I thought it was a stupid thing to give me the job or mystifying to gimme the job a year in. I was like, oh, this is was so stupid. Just some guy from a play. Like I didn't do a pilot, I didn't do a test. Right. I didn't do, it was just nuts though. I had some days where I thought, oh, I think they've hired me to end the franchise. Well what I, what I what I went through, which, which I do not believe you experienced was a year into my gig.


I could read in the paper. It was a big mistake to give this guy the job signed Conan's dad. That's the twist ending. Well, I think I was so certain that it wasn't gonna work. It, I, I I was gonna work harder than I'd ever worked hard. I was gonna do everything I could to make it a success. but I was like, I was saying to my wife, like, we we will be home within a year. Yeah. Like we rented furniture. Yeah. Like we, all of our furniture in our first rental, the on which me and Cody used to live on the same road, you Lived right up the street from me. And we realized that. So you came over to my house 'cause I was not gonna sit on rental furniture. Correct. Yeah. Remember And I would've been embarrassed if you Had come to my house and was And I was a real prick about it.


I said, you said please come in And I said If that looks like rental furniture, I will not come in. Correct. Well then you were right. I would drive past your house, And. it was only when I was driving past your house, And I had to fill up with gas halfway through the headways of your roads. I was like, wow, this is quite the property. I bought seven homes. And I had them all stitched together. Yeah. And it's hideous. but I just, it was pure ego. I Always used to enjoy drive. 'cause I used to drive past you. And you would, you would be putting, your kids would be getting on the bus to go to school. Yes. And I'd be driving mine down to school. 'cause they were like, you know, they didn't get on the bus. 'cause it was, they were much younger. And I'd always enjoy, sometimes we'd wave and sometimes you wouldn't see me.


And. I would really, I I genuinely mean this from the bottom of my heart. Yeah. I would say this happened about six or seven times. If you are lucky enough to watch Conan O'Brien hugging and his kids and putting them on a bus, you are like, ah, man, that is, that's some real dad goals. 'cause my kids were, Here's the problem. Those weren't my kids. Oh God. Yeah. And it, it ended badly That that really, I took Such a nice thing. It was why, why did I do that? I Know you. Really? That was such a nice thing. And. I I don don't know why I did that. I used to look And I used to think, oh, that is genuinely, I I I know.


This sounds so silly. I mean it, I used to look and think, oh, that's it. That's it. If you can keep a relationship with your kids that long that they want to hug you on a bus before, before they get on the bus, it's like, it's true. That's, that is, that's a great thing. You know, And I look at my kid and go, why can't you be like that? No. The kids in the backseat smoking a cigarette. No. Then I realize, move on dad. Then I'd realize I'd forgotten the kids. Yeah. So, okay. It's funny too 'cause I, I read an interview where you, I believe you mentioned this David Bowie quote that really resonated with you. Yeah. That And I such a Bowie fan. And because I, I was lucky enough to be doing my show back when we were able to have him on.


Oh man. And Oh wow. Do a bit with him and, and he was on a couple of times and he was a stop. Such a nice man. Yeah. To the point that once I was in some club watching a show and someone tapped me on the shoulder, And, it was David Bowie stop and he was with Iman and he was just like, Hey, you know, he saw me and he came over and just wanted to say Hi, And I thought this is the, he's such a gentleman, such a lovely man. Have You seen the film? Have you seen Moonish Daydream? Yes. Oh my God. I mean that such a lovely man. I never met David Bowie, but I felt like I was catching up with an old friend when I watched that film. It's like, it's So What, Is, It. He said that spoke to you when you were thinking of moving on. I mean, I would honestly watch this clip like sometimes multiple times a day because I was really walking away from, I was walking away from a, a, a contract offer that I was pretty certain I'm never gonna earn money like that again.


I'm pretty certain that that is, that that's, that that won't come my way again. And, and he says in this, he says in this clip he says, he says, you should, you should never try and fulfill other people's expectations. And I. And then he says, And I go so far as to say if you are comfortable in the area that you're working in, you're working in the wrong area. And if you know, you should, you should always swim a little further out. Yep. So the, the, so the water's at your chin and your your feet are just scraping the bottom. And if you, if you feel slightly scared and you, you feel out of, out of control in it, you are, you're probably in about the right place to do something. Very interesting.


And I just used to watch it all the time and go, no, no, I'm, I am too comfortable here. I think if I stay, I, you know, it's not that I'd be miserable. I didn't think that in any way. I was very happy doing it. I loved doing it. I loved doing all, all the people that I was working with, but I was like, if this, this can't be the last thing I do. Yeah. It can't be. I have to go and see what, I have to go a little further into the water. I have to go a little further into the woods and see what else is there safe in the knowledge that it might be nothing safe in the knowledge that it might never, ever be as big as this again or as, you know, acclaimed or talked about in any of those things. But like, you know, like I'm about to do a play at the Old Vic in London for eight weeks.


I have never in my life felt more scared Really Than what I'm about to do. Like I genuinely have you played The Old Vic Before? I've never played at the, the Old Vic, but it's because it's a really, really serious play. It's a really, It's the constituents. It's called the Constituent. Yep. And, I, And, I Can't. And I've never been more, I, when I say I've never been more scared, what I mean is I am, I have woken up in the night, I think for the last two weeks, terrified by the notion that I will forget the words. 'cause I've just never ever done anything like this before. But that's the reason to do it. Yeah. But, it's the old, I mean, I, again, it's to be able to say, you know, I played the old, I ruined the Old Vic.


Yeah. IIII Was the last person to Play the old Shut it down. I I Aren't you the one that's me? That's me. I gotta make sure I mention you. First of all, welcome. I welcome you to SiriusXM. You're here. But, but I, I've really enjoyed having a channel on, on SiriusXM. It has been so much fun. And I'm constantly meeting people that, you know, I tell me that they rented a car, they turned the car on, they heard my voice, and they, they started laughing. I've had a terrific experience with it. But you have a show called This Life of Mine with James Corden on Channel 1 0 9.


And of course the SiriusXM app. I mean, you get fantastic guests and, you know, we're lucky. We get, we get good guests, you know, occasionally we'll have someone on, and I'm not having it And, I just, I eject them because I have that And. it never airs. Usually you give me a signal, don't you, Matt? Right? Yeah. You're safe. You just made it. Yeah. You were about to go. But no, you get terrific guests and you're doing this show for Sirius What. Is It about it. That gives you the high when you're talking to these people. Well, really, The, the show is essentially what I realized is that people open up and are very, people open up in a different way when they're talking about things that they love.


So the show basically is, each week people talk about a place of possession and a person, a piece of music, a memory, and a movie that has been significant in their life. And through that, you talk about their life and every facet of their life, their upbringing through, although through to, to now. Really. And, and I've, I've, I've found it way more insightful and moving than I think I was going to, like pe because people have opened up in a way that I've just not really heard them talk about before. You know, and it's, you know, some of the something, you know, Dr. Dre talking about, we asked him for a favorite song that he'd worked on, and a song that he hadn't.


And I was like, intrigued as to what he would say his favorite song. Is that he, that He had, that he hadn't worked on? No. Well, no, I was intrigued by what the song that he had worked on. Like, what would he choose? And I never for a million years thought he would've chosen in the Club by 50 cents. And I was like, why? And he was like, he was like, that song is incredibly personal to me because of the way that's Oh, wow. He said, the way that it's mixed, he said, we used that song to get the tuning right in Beats headphones, because he said, I know where every stab and every Don don't Don everything I know where it should be and what it should sound like. And he said, and for that reason, it's that song. Or, you know, David Beckham's memory was the, the moment that he got told that Lionel Messi was signing for into Miami, and he was in Japan.


And he woke up in the middle of the night, looked at his phone, And it was happening. And he couldn't, he said he couldn't sit down. He couldn't, he couldn't believe it. He just burst into tears because he just thought it was such a far flung dream of his, or, you know, Tom Ford, you know, Tom Ford's memory was the, the passing of his partner, Richard. Yeah. And he tells this story about being in the house that day. And you're like, God, well I've never heard these people talk like this. So it's, I've really, really enjoyed, I've really enjoyed just talking to people about things that they love really Well. I think the other big difference, the other format, as great as it is, doesn't allow for that as much ever. And, and then you get into this format, and this is the thing I found that, which is so refreshing, talking to people for an hour, sometimes an hour and five, 10 minutes, you go down, you, you just follow these currents and there's no one waving at you saying, let's wrap it up.


Yeah, let's go because we have two other guests and we have a music person here, and we gotta, boy, we're gonna have to cut one of these good stories because there just isn't time. And The audience. Right. And the audience and the idea that there's, you know, six or seven ad breaks, you can't, you can't really do a true interview. No. Like, it's not a true interview. It, it, it just, it isn't And it's wonderful and it's great because it's alive and there's people there and there's noise and cheering and it's atmosphere and it's great, but you're never really gonna be able to, and people don't really wanna open up in that way when there's Yeah. 200 people watching and cameramen and, and, and all those things. It's just a, it's a completely different thing. but I think, I'm pleased to have done it this way around. I wouldn't want to do this.


And then be like, oh, now you're gonna do a TV show. And you'd be like, hang on, what, seven minutes and then Right. We'll be right back. And also the, the pressure, I dunno if you used to feel this, the pressure of knowing that you are, that you're getting close to that time and thinking, well, I have to go out on a laugh. Yes. Somehow. Right? So then you can't find one, and then you're sort of digging around for what it could be. And you're, you know, that I used to find, I mean to, they used to gimme panic attacks. To this day, if you saw me at a party, And, I got a laugh, I would leave immediately. Yeah, yeah. Gone. I would be like, I got my laugh. We gotta go. And, and Liza my wife would say, like, we just got here. And I'd be like, I just got a big laugh. We're not topping it. Yeah. I'll be in the car for sure. And I go out the window if I have to, but, well, I Remember meeting you in, we allowed to talk about you're Allowed to talk about anything.


Okay, great. Well, because I should I do my, my a real great fond memory or of a night that I had in Los Angeles where I just always thought that nights like this in Los Angeles were happening. And I just wasn't invited. And then one night I got invited to Tom Hanks and Rita's house. Oh my God. Do you remember this? No, no. I don't recall the greatest party. Oh, I I Wasn't talking about that party. Oh, I was talking about a night that we went and we watched a film. Do you remember that one? Yeah. Yeah. What was That? Well, we went and we watched a movie and Larry David was there. Right. And Larry David, who I know is a, a friend of yours and and was on the show, did one of the funniest things that's ever happened to me where I am so in awe of Larry David.


I can't really sort of, I just can't really be myself around him. I Right, right. I just find him, he's just given me so much joy in my life. Yeah. Yeah. That I'm just finding myself being a bit like, I don't want to be too, like I know. It's hilarious. And at the same time, you don't wanna be cold, so just find myself sort of in the middle. And I was so grateful that you were there because I was like, oh, okay co this is fine. So in then we're all just chatting Chang Sure. And then Larry David said to me, this is how in a of Larry David I am. He goes, do you play golf? I said, I play, I said, I'm not very good. I don't have the chance to play enough to get good at it. He goes, I'll play with you. Do you wanna play Saturday? And in my body, I'm thinking that, I'm thinking fucking how I just, Larry Davis just said, do you wanna play golf?


And I said And I just looked at him. And I went, I can't do it, Larry. And he was like, why And? I said, because I know I am not good enough to play with you and you'll be really pissed off. Yes. I said, you will hit the ball straight down the fairway. 'cause you play like three times a week or whatever. Yeah. I will then hit the ball. And I will spend the next 10 minutes looking for a ball. I will catch, I will then hit the ball four times to catch up with you. Right. I said, by whole five you'll be like, why did I invite this fucking idiot to play golf? So he is like, and he he went, I really, I really appreciate that. Yes. But there was a moment later on and he killed me. Where we go into this, we're all watching a movie, and we go into this movie room and me and my wife, we, we did, we had a new babysitter.


We didn't have a nanny at the time. We had this new babysitter and we told her that we'd be back by around 10 30. It's now like 9 45 and we're going to watch a movie. So we said, let's sit here 'cause we're not gonna be able to watch the whole thing and we can just leave halfway through. So Larry comes over and goes, James, that's where Tom and Rita like to sit, just so you know. They like, that's their seats. And I go. Oh shit. Thank you so much. Thank you. So we get up and we move away. The film's just about to start. And I think Tom spoke about why we were all watching this movie, and he still was very, you know, gave us this lovely words about the movie we're about to watch. And just as the lights are going down, I hear James And I look round, and Larry David is lay completely across the couch.


We sat on and goes, he made you vacate. He goes, Goes, what About these seats? Huh? Seats? Yes. He is a, he's a wonderful prick in so many ways. Yeah. It's like, oh my God, you Killed me. Yeah. So you've given me men, How about these seats? What about, What about these seats? Huh? And you know what the, the trick is, and this is a message to anyone that runs into Larry David anywhere. He's not playing anybody on that TV show. That is him. It's amazing. And he, so you'll be at a party and he'll come up and he'll break into your circle of people you're talking to and you'll have a plate of food.


He did this to me at a party at my house. He just breaks into this group I'm talking to. He goes, he says, Hey, hey, don't you guys hate it when someone breaks into a group of people and starts talking, but they, they kinda interrupt the flow of the conversation. You know what I mean? They, then I ripped the And, it's like, from the show, he'll do that on the show and it's fantastic. And I'm looking around like, where are the HBO cameras capturing this? but I saw him in a restaurant once and he said to me, I went out, we with my, we had to walk right past the right past where they were sat with my son and kids and he was with some friends and you know, you had to say hi. I had to, he, Hey, how you doing? So he is, he is. We talked for a little bit, And, I, go, listen, I'm gonna, I'm gonna get on. And Larry goes, that was the perfect stop and chat.


He goes, The Perfect how Did, you know, to do that. The perfect stop and chat. That was unbelievable. He Goes, He goes, it's like you're doing a talk show. He goes like, he goes, he goes, I started to think if this goes on too long, I'm gonna get pissed off. He goes, that was the perfect stop chat. The perfect stop chat. And then you hear All, right. I'm gonna let you go. We have kept you, oh my God. Far longer than I was supposed to, but so cool having you on the show I know you're really busy. You're gonna kill it at the old Vic, despite your fears and your dreams. And check out this life of mine on Channel 1 0 9, on the Sirius XM app, and James go in peace to love and serve the Lord.


Okay. Onward Christian soldiers. Yeah, I meant that in the Yeah. Salvation Army. The Salvation Army. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. That Lord, this Is the salute. That's it. Do that. That's it. That's it. You do That. That's It. That's it. We're number one. That's it. It's not, we're number one. You're, you're, you're giving the glory. So People at football games are actually praising, You're giving the glory All. right? That's it. Thank you. Thank You. Speed. More thrill.


You wanna watch your favorite TV shows and movies on a TV whose clarity, color, and contrast really shines through. You need Samsung Ole. Yeah. No, it's not some Swedish monster. It's Ole Let's Samsung OLED immer you with unbelievable details in picture quality. Their AI powered processor upscales your favorite movies and shows in brilliant 4K resolution. So even old content looks amazing. And our podcast has never looked better. I've seen my podcast in Samsung. oled, my face comes out through the screen. Oh, I'm there with you. Don't be afraid. That's what I really look like. This is the only OLED TV validated by the industry leading color experts at Pantones. You can experience colors as they're meant to be seen. They know colors at Pantone. One of my big pet peeves when watching TV is glare. I hate glare. I hate it too. Yeah. I have to wear sunglasses sometimes when I watch tv. But the oled, that doesn't make sense. S nine five D has OLED glare free technology so you can watch with almost no glare. You know, I'm a big gamer. I love me games. Yeah. I love my games. I love Sizzle Busters. I love playing Cosal Sizzle. Cosal Sizzle. Oh, I'm really good at that one. I got to level nine. I visited the planet. I have a Jabon ga. That's why I'm excited that the Samsung Ed's Motion Accelerator delivers ultra smooth 144 hertz motion. And the AI Auto Game Motel is your game settings to its genre. My video game skills have never looked better experience to be the way it's meant to be seen with Samsung oled. Visit samsung.com/oled to learn more. Upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experience may vary according to types of content and format.


Sona


Miller like keeps it simple. Yeah, they do. Unbeatable quality, great taste. Only 96 calories I've counted. Counted not 97, counted 90. You counted the calories in it. Yep. I have a special machine. Only 96 calories. It's the beer that strips away everything you don't need and holds onto what matters most. It's the original light beer since 1975. People always think, is it great taste or is it less filling? Hey, how about both? Hello? Yeah. Ding Don. Can I come in? My name's Hello You. Don't have to choose what's best. Miller Light has great taste and is less filling. Tastes like Miller Time. Oh yeah. Middle love Miller time. Yeah, I look at a clock. I see, you know, 12, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, and then 12 again. Yeah. My favorite part of the dial Miller time. Okay. If people ask you what time it is, do you just say, Miller time, every single Time I say two hours to Miller Time. Hour to Miller time, Miller time minus two, let's try my kids. So when people say, what time of the day were they born? I say, well, my daughter was born Miller Time plus four. My son was born Miller Time minus three, and then my wife's in the corner crying. You don't have to choose what's best. Miller Light has great taste and it's less filling. Tastes like Miller. Time to get Meite delivered right to your door. God, I love America. Visit miller lite.com/ Conan or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories per 12 ounces, fewer cows and carbs than premium regular beer.


Sonic has embraced a new harmony of textures and flavors with the latest burger, creating a completely different experience introducing the Sonic Smasher. Yeah. Check this out. It has two Angus beef seasoned patties, smashed and seared, crispy on the edge and juicy in the middle. That's layered with two slices of melty American cheese, a signature creamy and tangy smasher sauce, crinkle cut pickles, diced onions, and served on a pillowy soft potato bun. Mm. guess what Sonic is going to be sending us these smashed burgers. Ah, yeah. Yeah. You excited about that? I love Sonic I. do the, the idea of burgers that have been smashed together. Probably using some sophisticated cyclotron that fires the two patties at each other. Yeah. A thousand miles a second to create a whole new patty. I can't wait to try that. Try the Sonic Smasher today. Live Free Eat Sonic. All patties are proudly hand smashed by sonic's dedicated team of Grow masters. No cyclotrons are used in the making of the Sonic Smasher.


Are you sad? You can't twerk like Ice Spice? I can't twerk. I honestly, should we talk about twerking? Well, I think we've just begun. Were you recording? Okay. Yeah. You can't, you start Sono Sona. What's up? No, we've already started. We just threw down the gauntlet that you can't twerk. Like Ice Spice. Yeah. Wait, so wait, what? Oh, you're gonna, you're gonna edit. That was, that was really, you're Gonna edit. Got it. That Was so funny Though. It No, but I Don know. You can just start with I know. You're just mad that You can't trk I know That was just a very honest Yeah. Confusion. We'll use this as a segment. Okay, go ahead. Yeah. All right. You's sad. You can't twerk like Ice spice. You know, it's interesting. I was looking through my newsfeed. I always like to check out the music section And. it was talking about the BET awards. And so I went in and was checking out.


I just like to know what's going on. Yeah. I'm a curious person. This led to me watching a video of Ice Spice twerking And I realized like, I just, I cannot, there's nothing back there for me. Could You, could you try for us, Could we No, no, no, no. That's, that's, even if there was Know what I know what you're, I see what you're doing. But no, I'm not gonna shake my, I'm, I'm a 79-year-old Yes. Korean War veteran who has served this country honorably. And for you to say, Hey, Conan, get up and twerk in front of a a camera. No, that's not gonna happen. In My defense though, that was 50 50. I mean, he, he could have, yeah, He might And I still well have, but I still might Can I? But what I'm saying is, oh, okay. Explain to me twerking.


It's when, you know, you could clap those cheeks together. No, but I I don Dunno how else to explain it. I honestly don't even know how they're doing that. don don't know what's happening to it. It's, it's like the buttocks are separate entities. They move separately Yeah. From the main skeletal structure. Yeah. That's what's happening in twerking. I, I'm like, great. I'm all for it. My ass is not a separate entity from me. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. It's, it's basically all I have is a pelvis. There's, there's nothing else. That's Okay. It's okay. No, but what could I do? Could I learn it or would I have to have I Don't think you could learn it. It's something, it's not in you, twerking is not in you.


It's, you're just never ever gonna twerk in your life. I just Guess what? That's a terrible thing to say to me. Oh, You just laid down. Absolutely. That's a terrible thing To say to me again. No, you're never Gonna twerk. Oh, now. I mean, first of all, that's, that's rude. Okay. That's very rude. And probably the meanest thing anyone's ever said to me. Yeah. And I've had some pretty mean things said to me. Yeah, that's But if you even put it out there in the environment that I can't twerk. Yeah, You Can't. I think it's offensive. Oh, I'm sorry. You're twerk. Yeah. You're aist A Trk behavior. It's, It's twerk. Can you twerk Shit. You know what, it's, it's twerk him and it's worse. Oh, he is All the time. He's out in front of his Am I at work? Then I'm gonna twerk. Beautiful. One story craftsman.


Yes. That's gorgeously maintained. Right. And manicured lawn twerking. I've seen him out. Yeah. And neighbors think he's having an epileptic fit. They call it twerk manner. Yeah. He's a twerk manner. And he's twerking. And his neighbors who are all, you know, they all voted for Reagan and Nixon. They're all like, oh, In the last election. In the last election. That's how out of it. They're, they call the, they call an ambulance and a 1950s ambulance shows up and they run out with defibrillators and put them on his ass. Yeah. And I. Clear Ka Lay off. I'm twerking nine to five here. Yeah. I'm twerk to what Song? To what song To nine to five by Dolly Parton. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Oh man, you couple twerks.


A couple twerks. You are, I twerked to King of the Road trailer for Sailor Road rooms to rent for 50 cents J No phone. No food. No pets. I ain't got no who? Cigarettes. Hey, someone's shaking their, A skeleton over there is shaking its pelvis, but there's no articulated movement. So you're saying things would have to be added to my ass from treated Twerk, I, don Dunno know. I think it is also, it's a lot more than just the ass. It's your hips and it's the like, what is this Zombie thing? You really are a skeleton. Now I'm twerking in a, well, it's kind of a rolly chair.


Yeah. A desk rolly chair. Yeah. I Is that what you're Doing? I don't even know. I don don't know what's happening. but I saw a spice twerking. Yeah. And And I just thought like, well, God bless her. I don't, I would need that. Several operations. A host of operations. Can you Twerk? I cannot twerk. You've tried. No, You have tried. Okay. Wait a minute. Can't wait. When, when you, what was the occasion where you tried? Yeah. I Was at like a don don't know. Party with friends. And. I tried to twerk And. it looked Awful. 'cause someone called for a twerk. We were I know. I was probably little drunk. And it, like And. then we were all just trying to twerk It. You didn't need to say you were drunk. Oh, okay. But. it Is it, is it like country where there's a line dance? Like, do people get in the line and start twerking Or they go in the circle one at a time.


Yeah. And then they Oh yeah. Footloose A circle. Twerk. It's a circle. Trk. How are you guys making something that's like kind of new and hip so dorky? No, no. What I'm saying is, is that people clapping and then someone comes to the center and they start twerking. No, No one comes into the center. It's not like the twist. You're not it's not people doing the Twist. Hey, don't act like the twist is an outdated thing. Yeah. It's not watusi guys. Well, there's not like a square dance collar. Then grab your partner and swing around. Twerk the jerk all through the town. Oh God. Let those buttocks go up high. Let those buttocks flee and fly. That's sexy. I'm sexy. It's not sexy.


Just becausecause. You say it's sexy. Sexy. Why do I have an Erection? It's the opposite of sexy. 'cause you are saying it's sexy. don don't understand that you're unsexy it. The two of you are making twerking. Not sexy because But we cancel that out and make it sexy. We're Both, that's not how it works. Undulate. And let it flow. Twerking is the way to go. Button up your over cold when the wind blows free. I'm fully right. Take care of yourself and please twerk erect for me. Oio, put your bottom in the sky just a little longer. Wiggle left and right. Just a little bit longer. Twerk to the left and then twerk to the right ho.


Well, I, I, I want to, you're gonna twerk one day. You're gonna, we're gonna see it. Oh, I am. Yeah. What? And guess what? That sounded like a decree. And guess what? There's, what the fuck? And guess what? There's no law. Trust me, I looked into it. And. I'm pretty sure there's no lawsuit in your old, your old boss saying, you're gonna twerk for me. Hey, assistant, you'll twerk for me. Or you'll know why. What? You know, the good thing is there's no record no of this transgression. You'll twerk for me. Oh, you'll twerk.


Oh, you'll, oh, God's my witness. And, and we'll all see. Didn't he say we'll all See. Oh. And we'll all see. I have to be in the room with you all sitting there watching me tork. Yeah. What an awful thing to say. We're Gonna add those little judges placard with numbers on them. I never know what's gonna happen when I come in. Here you for me. We see. Oh, please make this segment stop. I'm in pain. End it. Okay. Peace out. Tupac. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Cession and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sacks, Nick Cleo and Jeff Ross at Team Coco and Colin Anderson and Cody Fisher at Earwolf Theme song by the White Stripes.


Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Conn. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan? Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded,


Track your glucose like you track your favorite artist's Next album release. Introducing Stello, the powerful glucose biosensor that tracks how food, exercise, and even sleep affect your glucose. Join the Personal Health Revolution today@stello.com.


That's the sound of a tree in Tennessee's great smoky mountains releasing volatile organic compounds, which is just a fancy way of saying it's creating fog and that makes the smokies smoky. This is one of many sounds in Tennessee with a story to tell to hear them in person. Plan your trip@tnvacation.com Tennessee. Sounds perfect.