
Now's the time for a great deal on a new Honda. It's time to drive smarter with high tech features and excellent reliability. Check out the Honda Civic Accord or HR-V for a limited time. Well qualified buyers can get a 4.99% a PR on a 2025 Civic or 3.99% a PR on a 2025 Accord or HR-V. See dealer for financing details. Exclusive si and Tyr.


Hey Mike. Glad you could join me for some great seafood. Me too. Wait, why are you dressed in fishing gear? You say we were going out to catch great seafood, right? Yes. To Popeye's. Do you even know how to fish? No, I thought you did. Oh, yeah. I could catch pretty good seafood at Popeye's. Let's go. Let Popeye's do the fishing while you enjoy our delicious signature seafood. Get Popeye's flounder fish sandwich or shrimp tackle box before they're gone. Limited time at participating US restaurant.


Hi, my name is Jason Bateman and I feel Pretty Good about being Conan O'Brien's friend. Wait a Minute. You said you worked on this answer. I know. I, but then I said I got nothing. Pretty Good. How? With a dramatic pause beforehand. Back to school. Ring bell.


Friends. Hey there. It's Governor O'Brien needs a friend. I am Conan O'Brien and I'm joined here. It is an Intro. Yeah. What is your problem? I didn't know what we were doing. Yeah. Okay. Well, that's, I'm par for the course. I'm sorry. Okay. No, we're not changing anything. We're keeping this Yeah. Girly. We'll cut this out. No. Yeah. Girly. Keep it in. It's too good. Oh. To in between two parents. All right. I'll start again. My guest today. Oh, sorry. Now you gotta keep it in. Hello. Goodbye. Hey there. Welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. I dunno why I'm talking like the old movie phone guy. I'm Conan O'Brien, joined by Sono ob. Obsession Matt Gorley. And I was, I was disheartened to learn Sona last week.


Yeah. That the jacket that for years I've made fun of. 'cause you wore it all the time. Just constantly. Constantly. I mean, you wore it at your wedding. It was ridiculous. Okay. And didn't wear it that much. And you wore it all the time, every day. Do you agree that you wore it a lot? I, I wore it so much. The lining was Ripping and so I, it was a little bit of a thing where I would make fun of the jacket and it was kind of like a fun, he, he ha ha. And then I found out on last week's episode, just joking around. Yeah. That your jacket was lost in your, when your house caught fire. Right. Which I didn't know. And I was, I was expressed real surprise. 'cause I couldn't imagine that jacket not being with you. Yeah.


But you said it was in the house. And so it's gone. It's gone. It's, it, it was in the house. It, I did wear it a lot. It was my, I felt like, but the Fons wears his jacket all the time. Yeah. He's a, like, there's cool people who wear the same jacket. That's a, that's a television character. They're legally required to wear the same Indiana Jones. Yeah. They have to wear the same thing. That's movie. Yeah. But like, isn't it cool? It was not. I think so. No, it wasn't good every day. And I offered to buy you other jackets, remember? Yeah, I know. But I didn't, I don't need other jackets. I had a jacket. I like, Well, now you need a jacket. Well, so I looked and they still sell my jacket. They do. They do. They still, it, it was like, I think I bought it like maybe 10 years ago.


But it's like kind of a staple for the brand. I Think it's more than 10 years ago. Because, no, because you started working with me like 15, 16 years ago. I I bought a while. While, and you Had the jacket then. Yeah. And it was a splurge for me. So I thought myself, okay, if I, if I wear it enough, it'll justify how much I spent on it. And so I, that's why, like, that's part of the reason why I, you wore it so much. Okay. So anyway. They still have it. They Still have the jacket. They do. Yeah. Would you wanna replace it? I, I will pay for this jacket if I, if it doesn't go above a certain amount, If I do buy another one, are you going to make fun of me? Y yes. Yes. So you're paying for the right, because you've now lost the right to make fun of her.


Her jacket Can't, I had a, we had a fun Right thing going where I could come up with all these different riffs about the jacket. Yeah. And the jacket tragically lost. The riff was lost. The, the joke was lost. I understand this. That's what I think of. I think my, the, Can I represent you? Yeah, please. Will you give her the cash value? No, I want the No, absolutely not. Mm. No. She's got it. That's cold hearted. Well, I'm sorry. I'm a businessman. Is that as far as you have? That's that's all you had. I Like, I a Lawyer podcaster. I'm not a lawyer. He's a lawyer who just Oh, I understand. And then immediately he closed his Do you do anything? He closed his briefcase. He folded up the table he was sitting at and he jumped out the window.


My work here is Done. Well, my work here is done out the window. Matinee At the Be u I've gotta catch. Yeah. I really thought you were gonna go in on him. Okay. No, no. What I'm doing, I will not do the cash value. I want you to have the same jacket, because I want you to have that jacket back. I love, lemme see It. Bring up that picture. Okay. Because I don't remember this jacket. I You don't remember you. It's the only thing she wore. It Looks so much better on This model. I don't remember your puzzled expression. Look how Cool I That was a cool jacket. Oh, yeah, Yeah, Yeah. It's like a proper, it's like a biker's Jacket. Oh, it's, it's these, it's this, this is the part that I thought was very general Zayas Planet of the Apes, You know?


Oh yeah. That detail. The Dr. Zas, the little detail. Oh, right. That's like, I don't know if I need that anymore. No, you gotta have that. There's like a quilted leather cross hatch. Yeah. Yeah. That was the part that really bothered me. Oh yeah. But I want you to get that exact same jacket. They still sell it. They do. What's the price? You know What this is? It's the terminator jacket, basically. Is it? It's kind of, I didn't, I don't know. You're a terminator. Yeah. No. The Terminator wears like a normal motorcycle jacket, doesn't He? That's kind of what that is. There's other jackets that don't have that detail on it. All right. Let's get into more profitable territory. Oh God. 'cause you guys are going into the weeds here. And it's my job as let Is that Your, your final offer?


What? How much is this? I'm scared to say it because it's, I do wanna say it. I did splurge on this. Lemme Say, lemme say what? It's, It's five 50. I spent that on lunch. Okay. I order $550 worth of fresh Alaskan crab every day. And I eat it off the small of my head writer's back. And Why? Yeah. Mike Sweeney has to, Mike Sweeney has to get on all fours. I laid out this crab that's been shipped in, in a private plane. Private. And I lay it onto his small back, and then I eat it with a tiny little silver spoon. Oh. So anyway, yes. I will buy you, I will buy you that jacket.


Okay. I'll buy you that jacket. No, that would actually, I'm not kidding. It would mean a lot to me to replace that thing that's been lost would also mean a lot to me to keep making fun of you. So I know. That's what I, I know, I know. I'm buying you that jacket. It's a done deal. All right. Okay. You order It. I brokered the deal. Thank You. Thank you. You are welcome. Yeah. You, you were a key in this whole matter. 10%. Really? So 55? No, seriously, Sona, order the jacket. I don't know. Do that. No, no. This doesn't work If you don't do it. You gotta it gotta order the jacket. Yeah. Because the jacket was lost. To be serious for just a second. Yeah. The, the jacket was lost in the fire. Yeah. Let's replace it. Okay. And now I'll represent you. He'll buy it. But you have to bring it in. And we do a segment about it.


I will, I'll bring it in. I will, I will definitely bring it in. 'cause I'm gonna wear it probably all the time. So buy the jacket and, Okay. And don't have me reimburse you. I have to buy the jacket. I have Your credit card. I know you do. What? Yeah. She has my credit card. What? Why aren't we living high on the hog? What is I know she's actually done Okay. For herself. She, there've been many times for a Sona. How Much, How many drinks do you think you've had on old Uncle Cozy without Uncle Cozy Even knowing it all over the years without, without you even knowing it before you even became a responsible member of society? Quite a bit. Yeah. I love it. Yeah. Quite a bit. I love it. Yeah. There's Nothing. But I think it's also the least you could do for me.


Yeah. So you're welcome. It was always showed up on my Amex statement, says, least I could do, least you could do for Sona. And they would be like, oh my God, you dropped $1,800 at a bar. Yeah. So we're done. It's a done deal now. Great. You're getting that jacket. Okay. I'll, I'll pay for it. You will wear it. And that is my way of making all of your loss Go away. Jesus Christ. Does that cover it? The one leather jacket? Sure. You lost in your house. Yeah. The One Leathered. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Blah blah. Yeah. Too bad he didn't make fun of your house.


That house is no house. Alright, let's get into it. My guest today starting arrest development now co-host the popular podcast Smartless, alongside my arch enemies Will Anette and Sean Hayes. I am very thrilled that this gentleman is joining us today. This is his first time. This is very cool. Yeah. I bullied him into coming here. Jason Bateman, welcome. You know, the question is, are you Conan O'Brien's friend If you aren't invited to his, to his Christmas party? And You know, there's so many hundreds. We Strangers And hundreds of people, We've straightened this out.


You don No, no. Thousands are invited to the Christmas party. I invite thousands and about 50. Come. Listen. We're gonna just, 'cause this has been a thing. And then I went on smart list recently, You know, about you coming to the Christmas party and it was a thing for a while. You, you, you claim you weren't invited. I Was shocked that there was a Christmas party that, that a Christmas party had been going on for years. But you were, I think you were shocked that Christmas was celebrated. I was, Because you're such a Grinch. The Christmas had something to do with your Lord and Savior. Jesus Christ. I was like, Well, listen, the point is, you, You know, let's talk about Smart list.


It's a juggernaut. You guys are a, it's Pretty hard pivot. It's a real, I mean, that was a four wheel slide. Can I tell you something? Right? I just, I just broke my hip pivoting. But no, the point I'm trying to make is, of you three guys, you got Will Anette, you got Sean, is it Hayes? Yeah, I think it's HAZE. Okay. And then you're Jason Bateman. Bateman. Okay. There's the three of you. And you are the one that I have trouble getting a beat on. I know. I gotta say, I know you're the one, you're squirrely, you're squirrely Bateman. I've always had a problem getting a beat on you. A huge fan of yours.


I adore you. But I can't get a beat on the guy. I can't Because you can sense that I'm not sure why I am there. Yes. And I don't really, I'm not really sure if I, why I don't get it. I don't understand why people listen to it. I, I get that Will and Sean are appealing fellas. That's why they're two of my best friends. And we're not doing anything more than just the DRL that happens when we're in a car together or at a dinner or how, I just don't think that that's monetizable. Right. That you should ask for people's attention to listen to that. Yep. That you, first of all, you can monetize. I agree with it about your podcast.


I agree. 'cause I've checked it out and I'm, I'm like, I can't believe that this is something people, I mean, this what we're doing here. You've got A full, you've got an array of talent here. You've looking Hold on a second. Lemme put my glasses on. Really disagree with That. You've done some prep, right? I can see questions there. No, No. This is your medical history. Oh, this Is your medical history. Got handsome studio. You've got cameras around. This is very professional. Yeah. Also, we're on a Zoom also. Can I just point out, I've been interviewing people around the clock since 1993. I'm a seasoned professional. Exactly what Muhammad Ali was to boxing. I am to interviewing. We can cut all This out.


Yeah. Well, you need lifts. But you Yeah. You guys with this, You know, r Annette. But, but in, in, yes. But so I agree with you at least Will, at least Will has just sharp dagger humor. He's got a darkness that's fun to follow. Yes. A voice that's not bad to listen to. No, I buy whatever truck he's selling, right? Yeah. I mean, as long as it's professional grade. Yeah. He's, he's, And he's got, he's got an opinion and he will let You know it. Yep. Sean P. Hayes is sure is, is just pure sunshine and, and is curious and is warm.


And I don't, I don't, I'm trying to find the lane that I'm supposed to be in, which is the, the, the area in between those two, which I guess is just sort of listening and asking questions that I think the normal guy wants to know. Yeah. You know? Yeah. And so I'm, I feel I'm easily replaceable. Yes. Yes. I was gonna say the same thing. I was gonna say, I'm glad you said it, I'll beat You to it. No, no, I, You know, I think you could come, you could go Right. You know, whatever, which is Kinda what I do in whatever the hell I do on camera too. I'm trying to just kind of be us. Okay. I'm gonna draw a parallel to what I maintain. And I've said this to Mr. Anette many times, is one of the finest comedy television shows of all time.


And I take this stuff as You know, very seriously. My, my television comedy loves and my interests. I think Arrested Development is one of the finest, finest pieces of work done in television comedy. And I think that you are hilarious and essential in that show, because I'm surrounded with funny folks. No, You're miss that. But that's not it. You're not just the guy who's Yes. Anding all of the funny people. You're doing it in a hilarious way. You're taking it all in. You're trying to understand, you do a beautiful job in that show, show as Being our proxy.


Right. Like, if somebody says something wacky, you've got someone you can turn to and, and, and, and give a, a ground to bounce off of. Right. I mean, like, there's nothing funny about Martians on Mars. I'm like, I'm Earth and they're the Martians. And now there's something that's, that's popping, right? Yeah. But That is a very hard thing to do. It's in the history of comedy, straight men were always listed first. So it was Martin and Lewis. It was Abbott and Costello. And it was because a good straight man was actually harder to find than a good, wacky person. Yeah. And that is the history of comedy is that the, the, the act was controlled by the straight men, burns and Allen.


It was always controlled by the, the straight men who was at, it was a, it was a skill that was seen as more appreciated. So without getting too heavy, too serious, which I've probably done, I thought you did an absolutely stellar, remarkable job on that show. Thank you, sir. Thank you. And you're undersell yourself when you say thank You. I'm just looking to get you to, to continue talking in a, in a, in a flattering way about me. I'm trying to continue to tee you up. I'm just, You know, so I'm not really sure what you explain. I sound confused What you did. Yeah. Like Picasso. No. You know what's really nice? It's been, I, I've told this to Annette a million times, but that show was a very key bonding element for my son and I, because my son has a very keen eye for comedy and really liked certain shows.


And when he discovered Arrested Development, that was it. How old was he when it started to kind of work for him? He Was in his late fifties. Yeah. He was 58. Yeah. I had my, I had him a long time ago. You look great, by the way. By the, I've had so much done to me and for me now, I wouldn't, I wanna say he was, I wanna say he was 11, 12 and chapter and verse. There's not a, there's not an episode I can name. And we've, we watched them repeatedly. So sometimes when he is blue or we'd be somewhere, it would be okay. There are certain specific episodes that we would watch Was the medicine.


Yeah. Just Was the medicine. Yeah. And, and it's nice because we all knew what's coming. Right. Because we've seen them a thousand times. And I bet Is he, how old is he now? He is 19. Yeah. I'll bet, I'll bet. If you watched him again, that you'd see, I still see stuff, You know, like I've been seeing him for a few years. But I saw a clip of something. I was just like, it's just kind of noticing, You know, like Mitch, Mitch Hurwitz, who's the, the, the reason the whole thing is so funny. He just has sort of this appetite for humor that exists on more than even the standard two levels. Like, he's not even happy if it doesn't work on like four or five levels. Right.


You know? Right. And so the older you get or the more jaded you get or whatever you, you start to see like level four and five or whatever the hell it would be. To the point where I, I mean, me personally, I started to, I started to just think it was, it was a li it was too confusing for my little bird brain towards the end there. Like there were just layers and layers. And la he would have to come to the set and explain to us me particularly what, what, what the relevance of this line was or this scene was. And sometimes it was because certain scripts weren't, weren't available, which paid off what I was trying to either establish, You know, through, through some of this exposition.


'cause I'm UI was usually the exposition guy, or I was the guy that had to give a knowing look. Yep. Signifying relevance about something that was a little opaque. So like, I would need to know what that means to dial in whatever the hell that look would be. And so he would need to come down and sort of like, decipher things for me going, oh, you need to, you need to raise an eyebrow there. Because that the reason that she said eggplant instead of cashew is because of, You know, the, like, you gotta read. Like, that's, that's gonna mean something to you, You know, anyway. Can't You just give the same knowing Look every time be, now I'm not an, I'm not an actor, but, and maybe there's a reason I'm not an actor, but I would just every single time go Ooh.


And just leave it up to the editor to Yeah. And then slot it in there. Right. Fix it at the right time. Fix it. Or use some CGI or do something. But you're getting one Ooh. From me and then I'm out the door. I wouldn't take that from Mitch Horowitz. Not for a second. I know. We almost did the movie for a long time. Remember all that talk? Do you remember that talk? The movie? Yes. I do remember the movie. It was, I, I was so excited about that. I thought, oh my God, we're gonna do, and then Matt, I remember Matt Damon coming up to me at, i, I think it was like a Golden Globes or something. And I was so excited to meet him and, and he was like, Hey, he was a huge fan of rest of development. And he was saying, You know, I really think I could, I could play. 'cause I hear you guys are doing the I think I could, can I, can I do you, can I play? I was just like, what? I was like, oh my God.


Like I went right back to Mitch. I said, this, this thing is moving. You know, like, come on, wait a minute. Why can't you be, you just be everybody getting, because I love that there'd be an Arrested development movie and all of you would be recast with real actors. Well, that was the sort Of the story that Mi Mitch was thinking. The story of the Arrested Development movie would be that. Yes. Yeah. In the show, Hollywood wanted to make a movie about us. And so we Yes. The Blues, We, we certainly couldn't play ourselves. Yes. Because we're not actors. But you'd still get to be yourselves. But yes, they see That. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So like, yeah, I would be, Michael Bluth would be on set watching Matt Damon play Michael Bluth and be so excited.


Of course, David Cross would play Tobias in the film as well, because he was an actor to Tobias was an actor. Yeah. And I think, I think our net was pretty close to getting feral to to play job. And it, it would've been Pretty cool. It Could still happen. No, I don't think anybody gives a shit. I think they do. I think it's done. I think one call from me and it's happening. Oh. Oh. I think you, when I say call, I mean on an old 1940s phone. 'cause I'm so out of touch with what kind of pull I have in this town. Your son would be the only guy in the theater. That's Not true. Tons of fans. At least nine fans


From a DT comes trusted neighbor. The new standard in home access through the A DT plus app, easily grant and automate event-based or scheduled access for neighbors, friends and helpers. Notify trusted individuals of events like alarms or packages, and set access windows for planned guests. Or even the dog walker without interrupting your day. Visit adt.com when every second counts count on a DT requires a DT complete pro monitoring plan and compatible devices. Copyright 2025 A-D-T-L-L-C, all rights reserved.


Now's the time for a great deal on a new Honda. It's time to drive smarter with high tech features and excellent reliability. Check out the Honda Civic Accord or HR-V for a limited time. Well-qualified buyers can get a 4.99% a PR on a 2025 Civic, or a 3.99% a PR on a 2025 Accord or HR-V. See dealer for financing details. Exclusive SI and ty r


If you share a fridge with someone, Instacart can make grocery shopping so much easier with family carts. You'll share a cart and each ad what you need between the two of you. Odds are you'll remember everything. So no more milk, less cereal. Minimize the stress of the weekly shop with family cards. Download the Instacart app and get delivery in as fast as 30 minutes. Enjoy $0 delivery fees on your first three orders. Service fees apply for three orders in 14 days. Excludes restaurants.


There's a, there's one image I have in my head, which is, will Anette is trying to sneak in Jeffrey Timbo in a stretch limo. And of course he has his stupid puppet Franklin with him, who is, which He couldn't do today, Couldn't do today, or maybe racially insensitive puppet. But at one point there's this second where you think the guard's not gonna let him in. That the guard's been offended by this puppet. And then the guard says, go. And, and the guard says, wait a minute, you're all gonna have to step out of the car. And there is a zoom and there's a zoom in on a terrified anette. There's a zoom on, a terrified in the backseat, Jeffrey Tambor.


And then a zoom in on the ventriloquist dummy Franklin. And I think I've watched that with my son 75 times. And it's just, I've memorized it. It's been, I don't know. It's, it's, it just fills me with delight over and over and over again. So that's, that's, I mean, to a larger point you've had with Smartless arrest development, Ozark, you've been able to play in this very rich environment and have this crazy success. And there, every now and then I get to talk to people on this podcast who sort of have they got to have their cake and eat it too.


And you're one of those people who I think has had this lovely arc where you start as a child actor, which is not a promising start No. For many people. And it really doesn't work to the point where there have been times where I thought, should they just make it illegal to be a child actor because it, or, Or force them to go into secondary education. Yeah. You know, like, You know, I, I hadn't even, I didn't How old Were you when you got your first, you did a serial commercial when you 10. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I I, it was a very tangible, I don't remember a lot, but I do remember being really filled with anxiety about being able to continue to make a living in, in a business that I was, I I was pretty aware that it was, it was tenuous at best.


You know, that it was, even as a kid, it was fickle. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Even As a kid, you're, I think you did Little House on the Prairie, some commercials. You're on Silver Spoons. I could see kids having two reactions to that one. Oh, I've, I've landed in Candy Land. I'm in Oz. This is just amazing. But you had the emotional intelligence to be anxious about it and think, I don't know if this is going anywhere. Yeah. I mean, and I apologize to any listeners that have heard me twat on about this before, but it was, You know, my parents were my managers and they were making more money doing that than what they were. My mom was a flight attendant for Pan Am My dad was a freelance writer, director, producer.


And, You know, 15% of what I was making at that time just ended up being more than what they were making in their, in their careers. And so it became an important component to our, our, our nut, our overhead. Yeah. Like we were living in a certain condo that we wouldn't be able to live in if they were just, You know, using their salaries. And so, or work per, you need a work permit to work as a little kid before you're 18. And that work permit is renewed every six months based on you maintaining a c average in school. And so the pressure on midterms and finals every year was immense for me because it was, You know, 60% of your grade.


And so studying for those and making the, and if I, so if I fail a midterm, I don't get my work permit, which means I'm kicked off the show, which means everyone on the show loses their job. We lose our our house. Right. And, and, and plus I was also seeing just the churn of folks that were, You know, hosting Saturday Night Live, You know, one week and then a year later you just never hear from them. Or maybe even a few months. So like, I, I was, I was aware I was consuming pop culture. So all of these, these sort of touch points of adult responsibility were really tangible for me, which is curious. Then why I didn't, I didn't get my high school diploma.


I didn't go to college. I just doubled down. And thankfully I was still doing a show till I was about 21, 22, I think called the Hogan family. This was after Silver Spoons, after it's your move. And then when that, when that ended, then there was like this, this, this arid plane of my twenties of, of employment. Like I'd get a, like one job a year and I'd kind of keep my head above water. But there was no cash cushion whatsoever. 'cause I was, I was trying to catch up for all the time. I'd lost being a kid too. So I was playing really hard in my twenties and I'm flying all over the place and paying for my friend's tickets and, You know, so I I, I didn't have a lot of money at all.


In fact, I was in debt by the time I was in my thirties, by the time Arrested Development came around. And I was really thinking at that point, so the acting thing isn't gonna work for me anymore. Kind of like used goods television comedy was going in the direction of single camera comedy. I was known for multi-camera comedy, You know, in front of a live audience. And so I was kind of, I was just kind of damaged, You know, and especially when I heard about Arrested Development, like, here's a single camera comedy and it's kind of a mockumentary and it's Ron Howard's behind it and like, they don't want my garbage on that, but managed to guess Right. And get that job. And it was embraced by the industry and, and was that huge reset button for me. But prior to that, I really, really was the, my twenties were, were, was not a comfortable period.


I was really petrified about being able to support myself and have the rest of my career not be anti climactic. You know? Yeah. I, I thought about, I thought about liquidating what little I did have literally cashing out and literally putting what cash I had in a duffle bag, driving to the Bradley terminal at LAX, looking up on that board, picking a city and going and just kind of unplugging from this kind of, not rat race, but, but competition. Yeah. This, You know, every night it's entertainment tonight, who's doing great, You know, who's on your show?


You know, like, and I wasn't, and I had been, and so I thought, well, I don't wanna continue playing at a game that I'm gonna be, You know, losing every single year. So why don't I go to like Tuscany and learn fucking, You know, Italian, French, whatever, buy a coffee shop and just start over at the age of 25. I don't have a wife, don't have kids, have a bunch of friends, but let's go drink into more of those in Europe. Right. You know, so it was, it was, I was very, very, getting it back to Arrested development, that was a total paddles on the chest for me. Do you Ever think you blew it? That maybe you should have done that gunned Yeah, exactly. Started, I mean, I'm just, seriously, this coffee shop thing sounds nice.


It sounds like a good coffee Tarbucks really nice. Yeah. You know, well, whatever. Los Starbucks Can't go back, I guess. Can't go back. It's funny that you talk about that period of time. There's, I had my own experience working on the late night show. We were constantly doing sketches and we would employ, there would be a sketch that needed, You know, a kid to play me, You know, from 20 years ago constantly, or, or a kid who in the, who is in the audience who doesn't understand something constantly doing these sketches where we need kids. I remember very clearly, sometimes there were kids that came up to me, maybe eight years old, this happened more than once.


But they would come up to me and go, excuse me, Mr. O'Brien, I am Billy. Oh, hi Billy. You know, thanks for helping us out today. You're doing a great job at rehearsal. I just want to say you are a formidable talent. And I could look in the background and see the mother peering out of the dressing room like it's formidable. We went over this idiot. Yeah. You know, say it so that you're booked again, you fucker. Yeah. And I was, it bummed me out. Right. Seriously. Every now and then, one of those child actors, one was a little kid who nailed it and turned it, grew up into Scarlet Joan and Oh yeah. And you're like, okay, that's great.


We've, I think we had one or two of those. But for the most part it is, it is a perilous thing to be a child actor. And, You know, it's so fickle. And even as adults full on aging adults, from my myself, it's still hard not to pay attention to who's up, who's down, who's where it takes. And, and, and that's with, I didn't have anybody recognize me on the street until I was 30 years old. That's when I got the late night show. And I had a lot of grounding before then. So I have no idea. I think if I had been recognized or had any kind of cachet when I was 11 years old, I'd be a mass murderer.


Yeah. So I, Yeah, I mean, And a very good one. Yeah. Methodical. It's, it is a very permissive culture that If you have some sort of success as a kid, you kind of get used to, You know, it's like it's junk food and You know, kids don't have any self-control for junk food. They eat, eat it all up. Right. And you're also learning how to be, how to convincingly be somebody else at the exact time you're trying to figure out who you are. So it's just a big mind fuck too. And it's, it is a big, it's a minefield to go through. And I'm really fortunate that somehow my sort of, You know, stock engine came out able to kind of navigate that, You know, somewhat decently.


I mean, I am nuts. I'm crazy, but I'm functional. I said, you're squirrely. I didn't say you were crazy squirrely. Hard to get a beat on you. I know. There's a lot of stuff there. I don't want to go near just, you Can get near the cage. Just don't start Ing around in it. Yeah. I would drive cross country with our net Sean in a second. You, that's not happening. No. Unless, yeah. Like you say, there's like a barrier, a caged barrier back. I'm driving a police car back, Be in the back with a privacy glass. No, you're in the back. I'm driving you. Yeah. Okay. I'm dressed as a sheriff and I'm driving you cross country and you're, but there's a cage and you're shackled every now and then I pass you some green tea.


But that's about it. That's all that's happening. It is interesting to me that a important linchpin of your turnaround, which is say, is Arrested Development, the guy behind that, one of the guys behind it and the narrator of the show, Ron Howard famously one of the few examples Right. Of a child star who just nailed it in his adult life Yeah. And seemed to make every right call. Did he ever give you any insight into ha into that world? NNNO Only by example, You know, like during, during the, the, the vast wasteland of my twenties, I was a, i in, in an attempt to, to try to self-educate.


I'd watch a lot of news. I was a big fan of Charlie Rose. I'd watched, I, I'd watched that show religiously. And, and, and Ron Howard was on it once, and I remember watching his interview and You know, Ron Howard is at, at all times. It seems just about the most gracious magnanimous guy Yes. You, you you'd ever find. And so I'm watching him just be incredibly warm and kind. And he's not doing that because he needs to kiss Charlie Rose's ass or that he's nervous about being on the show or, or golly gosh. Or what. He's just genuinely that and is not worried about coming across as, as an ass kisser or eager or he's just being as kind as he is.


Yeah. And is not worried about masking that. Because If you grew up in the sort of cynical environment I grew up in, it's, You know, it's like, well, make sure you look like you don't want it, You know, or make sure that girl can't tell that you like her. You know, like, yeah. You know, be me. Or when you go on an audition, make it seem like you don't really want it, or that it's an inconvenience, whatever, You know, toxic crap I was listening to as a kid, he was completely at odds with, with that, with his. So anyway, so I remember sitting there watching that interview and going, if I ever get relevance again, any sort of industry capital again, the greatest thing about it will be that I will be able to be as kind as I want to be and not worry about it coming across as being too eager and wanting the job, or Yeah.


You know, and then I got arrested development, like working for this guy and, and You know, he did all the voiceover, so he was never really on set. So I never really met him until after the show had been gone for a while. And, and eventually I, and I think it was pretty late, maybe four or five years into, I finally had dinner with him and I told him this story and I told him about what did He narrate the dinner? And then he told You to fuck off. He did. He pulled the mask back. He said, yeah, fold another one. Jason Seemed perplexed. He wanted the eggplant risotto, but he didn't know if it was gonna be too heavy. Yeah. And he, I think he, I think he understood what I was saying. Yeah. That, that not only his example kind of provided this North star for me, but the actual show itself gave me the capital that I was, You know, reaching for, hoping for that I could stop kind of acting twice going into interview, You know, auditions, You know, kinda like trying to be like, kind of like, oh yeah, what's up everybody?


You know, and it's fucking such a douche bag. I was just like, and of course it would make me incredibly nervous because I've gotta pull off that performance and now it's time to do the audition and You know, now I gotta pull off this. And I was just like, exhausting. Well, they say it's, it's, it's exhausting to be a pathological liar. Yeah. Because you have to keep all of your stories straight. Right. And it is exhausting to have to put on a persona Right. To then audition for something where you're then another persona, but then If you don't get it, you have to switch into the persona, which is, I didn't really need it anyway. I'm cool. Yeah. I'm good.


It's just garbage, You know? So thankfully I, I kind of got through that to a certain extent, but it was, it was painful. I mean, the t my twenties were just like, it was, it was fun, but a, a real, a real sort of head trip for me. 'cause I'm tr transitioning from like all of that fame and success and easy road to not making as much money. Not having the, not having the actual sustenance to, to, because my confidence came from my work. Yeah. Now that I don't have the work, now what do I have the confidence on? You know, it's just like, ay a yy, Nine people out of 10 who went through what you went through would not, it would not have worked out.


Can you identify something in you that helped you say, okay, I'm partying too much, this has to stop. I need to, there is an inner resource that you have Right? That Yeah. 90% of people in your situation would not have. But I, I, I and IYY perhaps, but I, I, I, I think everybody's got it because all it was was just goals and foresight and vision and, and You know, a everybody has a way they like to think of themselves. Yeah. And there are certain things that you can't do and certain things that you want to achieve and incorporate that, that make that vision legit.


Yeah. You know? Yeah. I, I knew I wanted, I wanted to be a dad. I wanted to be a father, and, sorry, I wanted be a husband, a dad, and I wanted to direct a movie with as, as an adult. That was what I always said to myself as a kid. And so I knew I had to do certain things to make those three things happen. I had to build up sort of acting capital to be able to say, Hey, now I want to direct the famous t-shirt. Right. I couldn't be like, You know, a fucking drug addict and a drunk and expect to have any sort of relationship that was, that had any legs. And then, You know, being a father follows that. Yeah. So, so I, I knew I had to kind of wind down the, the, the, the twenties fun at some point.


And I, I didn't know it. Do you, do you get rid of all that stuff and then the work will come? Or should I wait for the work to come to be sort of like, You know, the little pacifier that allows me to like, stop doing all the other stuff? It, it ended up kind of all happening at the same time, which was nice. But yeah, I, I guess it would just be that. So I don't think I'm not that special. I think everybody wants certain things for themselves in the future. Yeah. And I think it's just about having perhaps the discipline to say, okay, you kind of gotta do X, Y, and Z to get to A, B and C. And, and at what point do you wanna start to implement that plan? I, I've never ever had any ambition to direct anything.


I ad I, I admire that skill immensely. And I think part of me is a little curious if someone put a gun to my head and said, you have to direct something. What I would do, You'd be great. But I don't understand what it is. But I've, I know that you directed quite a bit on Ozark. You must have been watching the whole time. I mean, this was, go back to when you're a kid Yeah. Where you're watching other people make these decisions. Someone explained to me once a lot of directing is making choices. Do you want this or do you want that? You know, so you're watching that and saying, I wanna be doing that. Yeah. It was, it was, it was Michael Landon on Little House in the Prairie, so Right, right. As I was starting to like, You know, I'd done a couple of years of commercials and stuff like that, but, but I was starting to really kind of notice what, what this magic trick is of making fake life.


Oh, okay. So you point like, You know, 'cause we all look through the paper towel tube when we're a kid, You know, and like, You know, you kinda like, You know, you make that little tunnel that you're seeing stuff through and outside that tunnel, that's stuff you can't see. Like, that's where all the gap can be. Right. Like the microphone and the lights and all that stuff. And so just inside that tube needs to be pristine. And so I started to, I started to watch directors and crews kind of create this fake life. And Michael Landon was the director, executive producer, star, writer. Everybody loved him at the the What, what did you, what was he like? I just, because I grew up, he was George Clooney, My brother's, my brother's obsessed with Bonanza and has been his whole life and has made sure that all of us around him have watched almost every episode of Bonanza.


So, so even though Yes, I know he, he went on a little house in the prayer and everything. I just can't believe that's, that's Joe Cartwright. Yeah. I can't believe you even knew him. Right, Right, Right. What was he like as a person? He Was, George Clooney would be like the, the perfect comparison today. His ease with people, with the process, with the business, with just Joe on the street. Yep. Women are crazy about him. Guys want to be his buddy. And so watching him juggle all those balls and, and kind of be this leader and, and presence on a set and be kind with people, but also be kind of a, a a a, You know, a stern boss if he needs to, or what that was, that was pretty inspirational.


And so that's kind of where it started. That. And my dad never really took me to the park to throw the ball. He'd take me to, You know, art houses, You know, to like watch foreign films and show me what, what directing is and what acting is and what's good and what's bad. I was Thinking, what if he only took you to art houses and showed you bonanzas? Here's one where this, these cattle wrestlers come to town. Ah, Michael, there we're gonna show a true true film here, but we shut that down. This is gonna be the bonanza where Okay. All right. But that's beautiful that he did that. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, in retrospect it was because it, it kind of planted the seed.


Yeah. Yeah. And then it just kind of went on from there. And I was always sort of tracking it and, and wanting to do it. And so paying attention to every set I was on after little house. And then I actually went and spoke to the producers of the Hogan family when I was 18 to see if there could be a slot for my dad to direct an episode. And while I was talking to the producers about that, they said, yeah, for sure. And do you wanna direct one? And I said, yes, please. And, and ended up doing that. And, and then that was just sort of like, well, I guess like now I can, now I can do this. It's a different thing directing stuff in front of a studio.


It's more like directing a play. Yeah. You know, to, to be fair. But still, it was, I got me my DGA card and, and I thought, You know, and then I, I was really pursuing that career when Arrested Development came around. I was, I was following Jim James Burrows around. Yeah. Jimmy Burrow's around. I'm watching, he's a, for the listeners who don't know, he was like the, the most famous, the Babe Ruth of all the GR cheers. Yeah. Sitcom director, sitcom Director's, friends. Yeah. You know, I was like, well, I, when I turn my, my, my, my history of doing sitcoms into a positive instead of the negative that it, I felt it was at the time. And let all that experience maybe get me hired as a director. And so I wanted to be like the new Jimmy Burroughs. And then Arrested Development came along.


I, my quick, this just popped in my head, but literally a couple of months ago, had to go back to Boston quickly. See my family. And I always stay in the same hotel, and I get on my elevator to go down to the lobby and it stops on another floor. And Jimmy Burroughs gets on. Really? And this is a hotel that's right on the park, literally maybe 60 feet from the Cheers bar. Yeah. And I'm headed down and Jimmy and I are talking, and I said, Hey, Jimmy, wanna go over to the Cheers bar, hang out. And he went, yeah, no.


It's like, I don't know why that popped into my head. I've been in there, but yeah. That's, that's a cool spot. Sure. People go there. It's like people that go to the central, one of the central perk coffee shops and think they're gonna see Jennifer Aniston, they feel cheated that they're not, it's a bar. But yeah, I, I think the salvation is, If you get into the work, like for me when I hear you talk about all this is that you were very interested in making the stuff and the work. And to me, that was always the salvation. I wanted my goal, If you asked me when I was 20, what's your goal?


I would say I would like to have a body of work. Yeah. Which sounds incredibly pretentious, but that's what I wanted. People could like it. Yeah. They could hate it. But I just wanted, when I was done to have stuff that I had made that As a writer, As a writer, as a whatever, just as a performer, as a Whatever. You didn't have, did you have on-camera aspirations at that time? I, You know, it's so funny. I knew that I could get a job as a writer, but I always was a performer as a writer. So I was always the guy that would get up and do stuff at Saturday Night Live. I would do things in front of the other writers, start doing something and they would be laughing and Lauren would notice this. Yeah.


And Lauren would notice it, but also the writers would say, that's a sketch that guy you're doing right now, and I'm just doing it Right because something's wrong with me. Or you're trying, you're trying to make it more sp you're trying to get your point across to the other writers that this, this is what it needs to be or the this, this, this sketch works If you play it paranoid. And so you, you, you gotta Like do it. But not even that, there were oftentimes when I wasn't pitching a sketch, I was just doing Yeah, yeah. You've seen it, Sona, where I'll just come in and I'll just be doing something. Yeah. That strikes me as funny or odd. And that's all you do. Yeah. That's Kind of all I do. I don't know the real you. Right. And then we got to SNL and I was doing that for someone like Odin Kirk or Smigel, and they said, no, that's a sketch, that's a, that's a, that's a sketch.


And I was like, oh, that's just a thing that I do. Right. And then that was, I Just write that down and make A living. Many, many of the things that I've, over the years that I wrote for SNL or any of the things that I, over the years did on late night were just things that I did. Sometimes I would do them in the shower. Right. And my wife to this day will hear me in the shower saying, you've got some nerve. And well just grown accustomed to it. But that's where that came from.


Now's the time for a great deal on a new Honda. It's time to drive smarter with high tech features and excellent reliability. Check out the Honda Civic Accord or HR-V for a limited time. Well-qualified buyers can get a 4.99% a PR on a 2025 Civic, or a 3.99% a PR on a 2025 Accord or HR-V See dealer for financing details, exclusive SI type R.


If You don't know about our flyer deals on Instacart, this message is for you. Flyer deals are like strolling through your favorite store looking for deals, but instead you're scrolling on your phone because getting delivery doesn't mean you have to miss out on in-store deals like the creamer that doesn't upset your stomach or the pasta sauce that you can't not buy when it's on sale. Download the Instacart app, shop flyers and never miss a deal. Plus get delivery in as fast as 30 minutes.


What have you ever, and I apologize if it exists, and I haven't seen it, but have you ever spent time doing multiple characters a along with your writing as you would have done, had you been on camera at SNL? What do you mean? Well, like, like do a inhabiting multiple characters, playing some French pastry chef and then playing a, a a a mechanic. And then as you do as a cast member, I Think we've, I think we've done bits where I've been different people, but Not, not on the talk show. No. Right. Where you like dress up in costume and there's a wig and there there's prosthetics. Oh yes. Just like an SNL cast member.


Yeah. Yeah. It, it's interesting because I always, when I was at SNL, I never looked at Dana Carvey or any of those guys and thought, well, I could be doing that because I always knew the difference. I always knew there've been things where we would shoot something. We did something with Leah Schreiber once, which was a parody of that show. Studio 60. Remember there was a Yeah. Show that was a very serious Yeah. The Aren Sorkin show. Aren Sorkin show kind of a, he took a West Wing approach to like a Saturday Night Live and, and people were giving him a hard time for it. We decided to do a parody of it. And so Lev Schreiber, we got him to play me. So Lev Schreiber has the Conan hair, and I, my favorite thing is I, we got me a thin mustache and you could probably see it online and wax back my hair.


And I played the producer and I'm talking to Conan and I'm saying, God dammit, Conan, You know, women wanna be with you, men wanna be you. You've got it all the looks, the Chucks and Lee Schreiber's brooding. And I'm talking about Conan in this, You know, What was this On, You know, it was on the late night show. You know. Okay. I, I mean, we did thousands and thousands of hours of late night shows and we would, we would fill, so I guess the point is that for me, it's always been, I'm gonna quote my dad, and I've quoted him many times on the show with this exact same line. But he always said, you're making your live living off of something that should probably be treated because it's very manic and I can't not do it.


And I do it. I just got back from a vacation with my wife and kids. I did it there. Right. They just tune it out. They're not interested. They, You know, as a, as kids, I would call my kids together when my wife was not around, and I would say, kids, kids, your mother's coming and I need to talk to you. And they would, and they would gather around me and they would look up at me and go, is this real or is this a bitch? And I'd go, it's just that, I think. And they'd go, it's a bitch and walk away. So it's, it's that 24 7. I love that. I love being just a total whack jaw with my kids sometimes, but it's such an unreliable audience.


I mean Yes. They're, they're, they're, they're determined not to laugh, of course. Right? No. So it's, it's pain for you and for me, yes. I To do that. But I, but also I love it. And it's Because If you can crack them, you've got something. But also it's as it should be. Yeah. If your children are laughing and saying, God, dad, you're The greatest. You're The greatest. You got a Problem. You have a real problem. They want something. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. My, my, my eldest Franny, she's 18. She, she's, she's just recently, I don't know, like in the last year, gotten into directing, like she's starting to really look at films and, and, and kind of understand what a director does.


And so she wants to pursue that. And, and I guess somebody, and she, she's never watched anything I've done. Not, not maybe one. I think it's weird for her to see me pretending to be somebody else, or she also has a real hard time with me getting hurt. Like, and I'm often, You know, getting the pie in the face, You know? Yeah. Yeah. And so I guess somebody in her class or somebody started watching Ozark or something and went up to her and said, You know, Hey, You know your dad and this thing's really good. And I just remember like about a year or so ago, she came home and, and she was like, she basically, well, I don't remember the words, but she basically said for the first time, kind of, so you do this, you, you do, you do this thing that I'm interested in's.


So that's tell me, tell me about what, but that is So healthy. Well, no, it, it's healthy. Yes. But it was, it was also so exciting for me that like, she has an appreciate, or she thinks what I do is cool, or that she might, she might realize, oh, dad can answer a question for me. You know, like, how do you do that shot? You know, is that a steady cam? Is that dolly track or what? Right. And I was, so anyway, so now it was, we've been having like an incredible time bonding over films and directing and things like that. But it is, it was, it's great that they don't give it up until it's something that's really kind of interesting and not, in other words, she's not fascinated with my fucking job that I just go off and go do.


Just like any kid wouldn't be like, Hey, dad, tell me about your day at work today. How was, You know, what was it like at the office? Like, who cares? Right. You know, it's just be my dad. And, and, and I appreciate that because it's kind of, I had a bit of a hybrid experience of that at best, as, as a kid. Yeah. You know, there wasn't really that, that really healthy dynamic of deference to, to, to parents as you're sort of, You know, the adults, you, you, you aspire to be and you could only ever reach for, and you'll never be as old as them. Like I was a, I was colleagues with my parents at a very early date. You were. Yeah, exactly. You worked with, you worked with Each other. Exactly. And so that was sort of, I had to learn to adapt and not, You know, live a childhood that didn't really have that.


So I love that she has sort of kept me at this place of just like, yeah, dad goes to work. Who gives a shit? You know, like, he's just, he's just my dad. I remember doing the late night show and Bruce Springsteen was performing on the show, and Patty's there, his wife is there, and then at one point he's talking, and then he leaves the room and I said something like, he had just told a joke or something, and she like rolled her eyes and I was, she said, yeah, when he does his jokes around the kids, they're like, God, dad. And I was like, that's Bruce Springsteen. Yeah. But no, no, in, in the best, in the very best way, they're annoyed.


Right? Oh, God. You know. Yeah. He Don't, he starting underwater, actually, You know, You're, well, he talks about the iconic dancing in the dark video where he pulls Courtney Cox onto stage on the stage at the end in his biography, his autobiography, he talks about pulling her up on stage and he does the dance with her. His kids finally saw that years later, and they were horrified At that dance move, At his dance move. And they just relentlessly gave him shit for it. Like, went back on it and kept showing it to him and going, what the fuck are you? But, You know, in 1985, right. That was the, that was it.


Right. It was amazing. Right. But, and he was Bruce Springsteen, but no, it doesn't matter anymore. Now it's just this embarrassing footage you found of your dad. How, How old are your kids? My son is 19 and my daughter's 21. And how, how, so then when you started doing the sh the, the late night show. Yeah. That was, what was that? 93? So I was 30 years old. I didn't meet my wife. I hadn't met, I didn't meet my wife for another 10 years. So how were they, I mean, when they started, when they were old enough to kind of intellectualize that, that's my dad up on that billboard. How did that go? I think they just, they took it really well.


But I'll never forget, I did at shows at Comic-Con Freckles theater, huge theater, my wife Liza came down. She brought my son who's kind of interested in sci-fi. He was a little kid at the time, maybe five. Yeah. He sat in the theater, he saw the band playing. He saw fans. Right. I mean, places packed, three-tiered theater. I mean, And up until now, you've just been just that annoying dork around the house. Yeah. And so he's watching it, and then I come out and I do the show. Yeah. And he sees people getting really excited and ha laughing and having a good time. And then he's walking out with, with his mom, my wife, and we're walking out, he's, he's walking out and he said to her, when I grow up, I wanna do something where there's no stage and no audience.


And it was just like, I wanna do the opposite thought of what that guy's doing, Because he thought that was sort of, it was scary. I, I think, or whatever reason, he just knew whatever that guy's doing, that's not what I'm gonna do. Wow. And he's, he's highly intelligent and very good and has a completely different skillset than I do. Not interested in doing anything. Yeah. No, no, not at all. But he'll actually have a legitimate life. Right? Exactly. Exactly. But one that's built on credentials. Yes. And and actual knowledge. Right? Yeah. Knowledge of real things. Right. Not like us. Yeah. Not, no, we're show folk. And, and I've always, I've always kind of liked that for some reason, bizarre reason in the mid 20th century, being in show business started to have cachet, and then it has only grown.


And I'm someone who reads a lot of history, and I studied history in, before the 20th century for hundreds and hundreds of years, people that worked in show business were thought of as just use the back door. And no, you're not. You cannot, you, you can't come in. Yeah. You do your thing. And then get the fuck outta here and take your little, You know, and I've always thought, I do think that's the way we should be treated. Right. Let's, instead of throwing ourselves award shows, You know? Exactly. I've always thought, no, we're, we're show folk. We're damaged, We're pure entertainment. Yeah. We're the jesters. Yeah. You know, that should come in and out through the back door. Yeah, yeah. Right after the food comes. I should not be, I should, I should not be given the food that the people other people are getting.


I should get some cold food. Well, I mean, you, you're, you're right. I mean, we're not doing anything that complicated. You know, we're not doing things that are vital. We're not building infrastructure, You know, we're like, right. We're not solving problems. We're creating problems. We're Creating problems. We're pacifying people in between their thoughts. You know, I'm glad I got you to admit that your life is a sham. Geez. Yeah. Right. Oh my God. I'm Gonna, I'm gonna, but it's certainly not like, no, You don, we're not, you've gone too far. You've gone too far. I think what you and I do is vitally important. And I'll also posit more important than anything being done in science, in medicine.


You're Right about that. Yeah. So you've completely changed your mind from the, from 15 seconds ago. I, I wanna, I wanna wrap this up, but I do wanna tell you that you started off this interview by selling yourself very short in a way that I found kind of appalling, which is, I think what you do on Smartless and is, and also what you did so beautifully on Arrested Development and what you've really done in your career is you're channeling something that to me is very essential. You're fucking so smart as a performer, as an actor.


Well, thank you, man. And, and seriously, I I, I think, I mean, arrest development is a great example of where you're holding, you are the center of all of that. You're seeing everything. And Yes, that is a huge job. That is, and that could have been done wrong a billion different ways. And so I, I appreciate you saying that for sure. But I get, and I also Think I would know if, if, You know, Anette and Hayes babbling, the two of them, I couldn't listen to that for six seconds, You know, just to Without Yeah. Without the third color going in there. You've just got red and green. You've got red, and then also a very annoying red and a very annoying green. And then you're this like essential tope.


Yes. It's Just, it's surrounding it. Smoothing Azure. No, I am, I I we, we fuck around a lot and, but I, anytime that you would come to my home, be at a Christmas party or anytime would be a big deal. It'd be a huge deal. A huge deal. It would, it's a fun bit for me to Ride it. It would be a big deal for me. Complete joke. And my son's hair would fall out and his teeth because You, you, and before you kick me out, I would like to thank you for being so nice to us at Smartless and helping us out repeatedly. It's really, You know, you learn a lot about people when it's, it's so easy to say no in our business.


You know, there's, there's layers of people between the ask and the answer that you can easily slide in a no. Or I'm busy or something like you never Have. Well, I'll, I'll be honest with you, I love playing with you guys. It is that simple. I've never had a real conversation with will our No. We only play to the point where we were scolded once, I Think by one of your wives. Yes. Yeah, yeah. Knock it off you two before we even got started. Right. It was knock it off YouTube. My wife says the same thing. We're not, it's with, with the fucking bits. Do you guys ever really guys just suck? Do you guys ever really, she look, I'll come home all the time and she'll say, yeah, what, what did will feel about the, the party last night or the dinner yesterday or something like that.


I don't know. You liked the food? No, no, no. Did he talk about No. No. Do you guys never, you guys never process anything? No. It's all bits. It's like, well that, but like dudes don't really process shit. Like if there's a problem we figured out, right. But we're not sitting in there just like kneading the bread, You know about yesterday, You know? Yeah, yeah. And figuring out what the side door might think. It's just always through the front door on everything. Right. No, that's why anytime there's been any kind of smartless ask from the very beginning I thought that's being asked to go play. Go play ball with three people who you love to play ball with. And I'm using that analogy 'cause I'm a terrible athlete and so I'm being very vague about play ball.


Which ball in a Sona? Go pass the old puck around. It's your mit. But anyway, but You've always been an easy play. Like you were always my favorite talk show to do because you can do those pre-interviews till the cows come home and most shows stick on them. Always when you, you sit down and and start talking with you, you would just start a conversation. We just wanna have fun. Then all of a sudden the 10 minutes would go by. Yeah. You know, because it's such a nerve wracking thing for me doing talk shows, it's like crazy format. That's why Format. It used to be, this format is so much fun. Yeah. Truly starting to do your show was like, oh, it can be like this. Hmm. It was, it was great. It was great. Great, great. Well I'm glad we like each other now.


Yeah. And let's Just throw a two man party. Yes. Just the two of us. Throw two man party. Make sure everyone knows about it. And it's just you and I. It's just you And I. Even Aniston can't get in. No, She can serve us. She can bring us the food. Jennifer's outside. Yeah. Yeah. Tell her we're good. We're good. God bless you Jason Bateman for having me go forward. Continue to do amazing stuff. My best to the gang over at Smartless. I will tell them. And I'm feeling now even better about being Conan Wild's friend. Wow. Notched from a a 11% acceptance of me to a, which pretty good at the beginning. 18%. Even Better now. Alright, take care.


Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sono of Sian and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes, incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aren Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista, and Brit Conn. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review read on a future episode.


Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan. And If you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever find podcasts are downloaded.


Hey Mike, glad you could join me for some great seafood. Me too. Wait, why are you dressed in fishing gear? You said we were going out to catch great seafood, right? Yes, to Popeye's. Do you even know how to fish? No, I thought you did. Oh yeah. I could catch pretty good seafood at Popeye's. Let's go. Let Popeye's do the fishing while you enjoy our delicious signature seafood. Get Popeye's flounder fish sandwich or shrimp tackle box before they're gone. Limited time at participating us restaurants.


Now's the time For a great deal on a new Honda. It's time to drive smarter with high-tech features and excellent reliability. Check out the Honda Civic Accord or HR-V for a limited time. Well-qualified buyers can get a 4.99% a PR on a 2025 Civic or a 3.99% a PR on a 2025 Accord or HR-V. See Dealer for financing details. Exclude civic si and Ty.