
Your next crime family Sock Obsession is coming this March to Paramount Plus Mob Land, an explosive new series from the underworld of Guy Ritchie Stars, Tom Hardy Pierce Brossman, and Helen Meen go inside the Harrigan crime family who will stop at nothing to ensure they come out on top in a war that threatens to topple empires and destroy lives. New series Mob Land streaming March 30th on Paramount Plus.


How hot do you like it? Firehouse Subs is churning up the heat. They've teamed up with hot ones to create two new sandwiches. The zesty garlic hook and ladder is the milder option. Can you believe that? Those still packed with flavor. And for the bravest spice chasers, the spicy dill hook and ladder sandwich is sure to be a three alarm ion. Well, Sona bla. You guys sampled the wares today? We did? Yes. You had yourself those hook and ladder sandwiches. How were they? They were great. And they had a kick. Yeah, They did. I, I did the zesty garlic hook and ladder. Oh. And, And I loved it. I took a walk in the wild side with the spicy dill hook and ladder, and it was great. I loved them. Well, I'm glad you guys enjoyed yourselves. Find out how hot you like it. Try the zesty garlic and spicy deal, hook and ladder at Firehouse Subs. For a limited time, life doesn't go on forever. You gotta grab the moment, dude. Visit Firehouse subs.com to find a restaurant near you. Individual sensitive to spice or the Carolina Reaper Pepper should not consume this spicy deal. Hook and ladder. Limited time at participating Firehouse Subs. Restaurants,


Watch this. Hello, my name is Jeff Gold Bloom. G-O-L-D-B-L-U-N. And I am, I'm reading from something. First name. Oh yes. First name. I did it. First name, last name. Empty something. Yeah. And then pause. Here comes. That's enough of that. And, and I feel, and then, then it says here, parenthesis, however I feel. Well, the Madness, Madness. Madness. Hey, that's the last line of what movie? This is the here. Last line of movie. Madness. Madness. Tell me the movie. Oh My God. I know that movie.


I know that movie. Is it older movie? Yes. Wait a minute. Madness. I can give you a clue. Okay. Madness. Wait a minute. Is it madness? Hold it. Madness. Is it Apocalypse Now? No. No. That's the Horror. The horror. You're close though. Yeah. And it has a similar, Oh wait, it's the Last Family Ties. Oh, whale. No, it does, it ends with madness. Madness. I, I thought I love that. This is the introduction to the show. Wait, We have to wrap up what this movie is and then do the name thing. Yeah. All is one giant piece. We're still rolling. We're still rolling. What? Give us that hint. This has been real. You can't use this as beginning. No, We can, but give us a hint on that movie.


Okay. I'll give you a hint. A lesser cast member Jack Hawkins. Probably don't even know who that. Oh, Mike, what kind of clue is that? Okay. Set a Ceramic mug features in a breakfast scene. There's a clue Though. You know Jack Hawkins? There are those who know very well. Jack Hawkins. I'll get and already know this movie. I'll give you the a giveaway clue. Bill Holden, William Holden. Oh, Starlight 17. No. Good. No. Pretty good. Guess It's a kind of a war picture. He does not deliver the last line, by the way. Oh, Bridge over the river. Quad, exactly. Right. Bridge over the river quad. That was my last step. Just as he blows up the bridge. Yes, exactly. Now, altogether, let's whistle the song that is right.


Ready? No. Oh, wait. That's the wrong one. Okay. That's it. I can't whistle. And I don know that you Cannot whistle. I Can't whistle. And I Is that true? I, I don I've never seen this movie, movie. When I was a kid in camp, we used to, they taught us these old songs from the fifties as we trudged up the Appalachian Mountains and we had to sing Comet. It makes your teeth turn green Comet. It tastes like Vaseline. Comet make you vomit. So drink your comet and vomit today. That's right. And then it'd be like again. And we would do it again. And I, I climbed the presidential mountain range of singing that song, not knowing what it was, how it, why, why Just 'cause.


Wow. And then you learned later that it was from that movie. Yeah. That's funny. That's funny. Hey, do You know this song? You reminded me of the song. We Are on the Upward Trail. We are on the Upward Trail. Singing, singing, everybody singing as we go. That would've been a more legit version of the marching song. Yes. I suppose. Now, where does that song come from? Because you've confused us once again. And also, how do you feel about being Conan O'Brien's? Yeah. Hi, my name, God's sake. My name is Jeff Goldman. And I feel being here with you now as if I'm revealing myself to myself And, and I feel utterly drenched and purged.


It's okay. You now, Now that's from a kind of a, an homage to a movie line also. That's not my originality and my unconventionality. Why did you turn my podcast into a kooky trivia show? I love it. That's What you've done. I love it. Back to school. Ring Bell. Brand loose. All right. Testing, testing. 1, 2, 3. Testing, testing, bumblebee. Testing, testing all day long.


We sing the testing. Testing song. 3, 2, 1. Why can't you do anything normally? I don't know. Why can't anything just be normal? I don't know. Ask Michelangelo. Here we go. Three, two. There. It's three. The Ninja Turtle. Yeah, that's who I meant. Okay. The best of the Ninja Turtles. Three. No Donatello. Big time. I'm a Leonardo guy. Are you? And action. Hey there. Welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. The podcast that gives and gives until it can't give no more. What's a giving? I don't know. Free giving. I think it's spreading disease. Please. Could stop. It's spreading disease. This is a this is a fantastic episode. I never say that upfront. Yeah. But we know for a fact because we bring to you today the amazing Jeff Goldblum.


Mm. A force of nature. A a star. And I don't mean a star in the sense of a Hollywood star. He certainly is that, but he is a celestial event, in my opinion. He really is. Yeah. He really is. So this interview that we have, I'm told Matt that you barely touch this one. Sometimes you do little edits and tweaks. I do. They're occasionally a guest will be on, and they start to go into, You know, very inappropriate rant. And we have to take it out occasionally. There's, You know, repeated stories or something through just natural conversation that I'll pull out. You're not missing anything as a listener from the things I'm pulling out. Right. But this one, it couldn't have any editing because it, it's music, it's a symphony.


And I also always take out little mouth noises and clicks. But Jeff Goldblum has this repeating feline slurp. Mm, Yes he Does. It's just, I couldn't touch it. It would be like going, like you said, going to Michelangelo and, and editing his Sistine Chapel. Yeah. Well, again, you so not Michelangelo, the Teenage Mutant Ninja Journal. No, I still mean him. Okay. And he was a wonderful painter Because he also worked on the Sistine Chapel. Yeah. So it must be tough technically to edit a man who's constantly making low purring sounds. You can't do it because how do you, you can't do an edit. I speak and then I stop. Yeah. And there's nothing but Jeff Golum, even when he's not speaking.


Well, you can do a cross fade and you can blend one sexual grumble into the next, but I would never do that. Like, who am I to censor his sexual rumblings? His subsonic sexual rumblings. Yeah. Yeah. He said, I love that you called it, first of all, sexual grumblings, which made it sound like a grumpy guy who's in a sexual mood. You know, I don't even know how that sounds. It's like, oh yeah, I'd like, I'd like to do it with somebody right now. Kids Today didn't have so much to do, Jim To do. And I have to do the yard First because, but I sort like to do it with someone. Yeah. I don't know what that means, but I'm, yeah. There's not much to say. When you have Jeff Golum and you've managed to capture a Jeff Golum in the Wild and you get it to, to talk.


It's, it's an event. It's a real event. And to that point, this introduction is about the interview. The interview itself is something like, I think 70 minutes long. Mm. And we do a segment at the end of this episode where we just talk about how wonderful that interview was. Yeah. So this is an all gold bloom episode. Yeah. It really Is. And You know what? When I say all gold bloom, I don't hear one complaint. No. No one's gonna stop me on the street and say, that was too much gold bloom. No. And set your filters, your gold bloom filters to high because you want to get all the goldblum as it comes to, or True. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Was it 70 minutes? Just the part where he goes, my name is Jeff Goldblum. And I'm, and I I I, I feel like that alone was like, that's Incredible. 40 minutes. So the listeners minutes listeners will have already heard that moment.


Yeah. And that was, I think, three minutes and 46 seconds for him to say, hi, my name is Jeff Goldblum. And ultimately, I feel, I think he said drenched or something like, like, who knows? Drained and drenched Or something. All I know is that once it was over, I had no memory of what had happened. I knew that I had, You know, had an orgasmic high, but I didn't know what happened. Yeah. And I think I put it out to the listeners, listen to this Jeff Golum interview. And afterwards, I doubt anyone's gonna know what was said. I don't, you guys said so many names of shows and so many actors I had never heard of.


And all three of you were like, oh my God, that guy was a buzz. Like, it was just like constant splurging over like seventies. Okay, lets clean it up about it shows. Okay. Come on. You, you were just doing a whole sex thing about grumblings Sex. A grumpy sexual guy. And you're telling me to clean it up. 'cause I said I didn'ts didn't, I didn't say spl. I didn't talk about you Guys, What you guys did all the whole interviewing. It's true. I mean, just s mean, just saying the facts there. That's true. We did. Yeah. We can you change that to squeegee and edit? No. So it just become squeegee. You guys were just squeegeeing each other. That to me feels ironic. I Didn't say each other. I said you were, every time someone would say, oh yeah. Do you remember this one actor who was in one show for three episodes?


You were like, oh my God, that guy was the best guy I've ever heard of my life. That's what I, that's What I, who splurging around you that talks that way? I've never, that's not what it's, that did at all sound like a guy who was about to ejaculate, but in no way your guy who was about to Ejaculate. It's like, yeah. So anyway, I'm gonna go get a sandwich and ah, ah, oh my God. I just came. Whoa. Who the fuck is that guy You've been Hanging out with? Bruno the er. Yeah. I Can't, he just has orgasms when he least expects it. Anyway, so I think what we're gonna do is get a guy in here to rivet the beam. You need a good riveter, because the rivets have to be hot too, because they gotta go into the eye beam and Oh, oh God.


Oh fuck. Some people have narcolepsy. I got splu Epsy. Oh my. Got splu Epsy. Oh, I don't know, this year. I think the Mets are gonna go all the way. I'll tell you what it is. It's in fielding. If you can keep the ball in the infield. Oh fuck. Oh. Oh fuck. Oh, I had to take my Earphones off. Oh Fuck. I was talking About infield and I thought I was safe. Oh, Jesus. I love this guy. Yeah, this guy Bruno. This blue. You're listening to Bruno, this blue on KX W nine. Oh. All right. All right. Well, anyway, on that note, let's, let's do this, let's do this thing.


Strap yourselves in. My guest today is an actor who has stirred in such movies as Jurassic Park Independence Day. And Thor, Ragnarok. Now he's reprising his role as Dr. Ian Malcolm in the highly anticipated movie, Jurassic World Dominion. I to say I'm excited is insane. 'cause it's beyond that. Delighted, excited, orgasmic to chat with him today. Jeff Goldblum. Welcome. Lord, I have to tell you, this is the inaugural podcast in our new studio with a genuine celebrity. We did a little messing around in testing beforehand.


But you Genuine, genuine you that pronunciation. That's What I say. You did music man, at one point. I wish I had. I know you did. Genuine. I know You know trumpet. Yes, I know. Well, You know very well. You're in that million. So Listen, I must tell you that I can't think of a better person to start this off with than you. You know that you and I have something, a certain freeze on. Admit it. Admit it. We have something. Yes. Yes, We do. No, and, and I Will a free zone. You know what that means? I Don't, I think it's French and it means we're in constant culmination The way you're moving. Yes. You're moving like a lascivious snake. Yes. You bring it out in minute. No, you are.


I've, I and I've interviewed you many times. You're one of my favorite people to talk to because you have a, an animalistic quality. Yes. And I mean that in the nicest way. Which, which animal? Well, I don't know. It would be a rep reptile, I believe. I think a panther. No, no, no, no, no. Because it has a long darting tongue. Oh, I know. That. He can hit a fly at, at great lengths. You are, and you are a combination of animals. You are a panther, but you are also a lizard. Of course. The fly. We must add the fly in there. Yes. Yes. You just reminded me. I had, do you remember your dreams? I had a dream last night. I wrote down some of it, but I didn't remember until just this moment, this thing about the tongue.


Somebody last night in my dream had a tongue that was very, very long. And it came out completely. It, they, he, I don't Forget the tongue detached from the mouth det it detached Was a detachable. Long tongue. Yes. You know, I apropos of nothing. Well, well, first of all, of interest to nobody. But, but you just, but that's true. And I have forgot that. What the hell am I doing with that? The Yes. Yes. I, I wrote these down madly as I, before I forgot your dream morning. That your dream this your dream. Some of my dream. Dream. Yes. Some of My dreams. Okay, let me pause for a minute. Ladies and gentlemen. Jeff Goldblum, esteemed actor, is about to, he's related dream that he he had last night. Yeah. And I can see that he's written it down, it looks like in Hebrew. I, I don't understand.


Your handwriting is very bizarre. Do you speak Hebrew? Hebrew? True. That's very strange. It's Yeah. Yeah, it is. You can't read that. It's, oh, yeah. My dad was a doctor. Like your dad was and Yeah. It's like Sanskrit. It's crazy. I inherited His thing. No, but that's what I wrote down. That's right. Should We hear it? Yeah. Should we hear the dream? Yeah, You can. But I, I, I did just remember that no kid in that tongue part of it. That was also last night. Ah, this, this whole, this. There's nothing funny about these, but it may open a portal into our subconscious. All of us listen to Yes. Let's hope so. So Robert Altman, you remember him? I worked, yeah. The great, great director Robert Altman. Great. I worked with him a few times. Yeah. Name dropper.


Well, I know, I know, I know. It's all, yeah. In any case, he was, he appeared in my dream. We're kind of in a hospital situation or something. And he appeared all of a sudden, to my astonishment, delight alive. Right. He's now dead lo these several years. And, but he was alive, young and radiant with his, I think they were his sons. And they were kind of sneaking him in and out of this thing. And I said, look at you. Because he'd, I guess I, I intuited right? I inferred right away. He'd, he had faked his death. Oh yeah. For some reason he seemed sly and delighted and, and sh and it was now our secret. And he said, yes, be prepared for me to stay at your house.


Something like that. And then they left. That was the dream. That was one sequence. That's that sequence. The second sequence was, listen to this. I was in some kind of strange but heavy equipment pod that was deli that was delivering us up a mountain out the outside of to view the a, the a mountain. And it was the Alps, I think it was the Alps of some kind. The Swiss A, you're In some kind of craft viewing the Alps. Yes. And each of us in a separate pod, my wife Emily, was in a pod a little bit away from me. And we were all experiencing this separately. And, but we could see a wonderful view of these mountains as they got higher. And our, and it was like the highest peak on earth. As we got further, we saw these old castles kind of, You know, places.


And that was amazing and wonderful. Then we got higher and higher until finally it kinda leveled up. And we knew we were at the top of the world. And then, and it was amazing. And everybody was kind of all, You know, in awe. And then before it started down the other side, like a rollercoaster, we were like that. And then it started, and it was a harrowing, You know, ride that seemed like that. I kind of retreated inside an inner compartment in this pod in kind of a bathroom. And then I said, I'm missing it. I thought to myself, I'm missing it. So I went back up and kind of got some of it. That was it. And then it was over. We all, I missed my wife, I missed the group. And I seemed to be by myself, left behind somehow.


Couldn't find them. So I was like left behind. That's the second part of the dream. Wow. Okay. Kind of. Yes. Let me say quickly, Freud had this, Freud had this theory that dreams have meaning. And we now know that Freud was wrong. That has no meaning. Yes, this is insanity. There's no, there's nothing that opened. No rhyme reason porthole. There's nothing there. Robert Altman returns from the dead and wants to stay at your home. And he's being sneaky. You're in a hospital, then you're in a pod. You're observing the Alps. You go up one side and down the other after spending a brief interval in the bathroom. What's the last one? The last one. This may make sense of the whole thing. I was doing kind of a talk show or a podcast. It was some kind, You know, it's not curious.


Some Kind, I guess there are so many Thinking None would come to the mind of a Jeff Golum. None. None like this. This is uniquely tippity top. That's how it relates to the second one. This is the crest. This is the summit. Nice. Of podcast three. Thank you. Podcast three. We are the summit of podcast release. The, and so I, but I was gonna perform in some way or being asked to perform. I wasn't kind of prepared or happy about it. And then the woman producer type, You know, laid on me some things that I wasn't prepared for. She said, oh yeah, you're gonna ha you're gonna be talking to, to Diane Keaton and Ron Howard, and we're gonna try to get you to get him to dance.


Oh, da da. And I said, nothing's right. The microphone isn't right. I have a pen. I have nothing. There's nothing. Right. And how long am I gonna do this? I, I said, I didn't know. She said, oh, another, You know, couple hours. Well, that's altogether, that's five hours. That's two, that's so it's, this is like a steady job. This is like a full-time job, right? Yeah. Yeah. I think so. Well, okay. I was not happy about it. Well, I'll tell you what, so you had a dream the night before coming here? Yeah. About doing a long podcast. Yeah. With a red-haired celebrity. Ron Howard and Diane Keaton, a son of Sian. Oh, yes, yes. And then finally I said, there was a guy with great big bushy eyebrows. Let's see if I'm prescient at all. No, no. Must Be me.


I mean, I trim him, but they could comb into my hairline if I needed That. Yeah, no kidding. Well, he was, and I said, what's your la I said, what's your name? Yes. Well, I wanna learn everybody's name first. And last. He said last, he, he was kind of, You know, taken aback by that. And then I said, yes, there was a big crew around. And I said, yes, I think I should learn everybody's name. In fact, I think if it were up to me, we'd all be wearing name tags. They seem to be happy about that. And da da da da. That, that's about all of that. That's that drink. Now Listen. Wow. Don't lose that sheet of paper. Okay. Okay. We can't have that lost to time. Okay. We need to Frame that. Yeah. That is, You know, here's what I'll say about you, Jeff. I never know what you're going to say. I never know what you're going to do. You are feral.


You are a man that runs on instinct. You don't, and, and you're very much, I think, attuned. You should see the faces he's making right now. You're very much attuned to the universe. And I feel like you are constantly in the now. Is this correct? I aspire to presence and yes, I'd like to be, yeah, I'd like to be here and now that would be great. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. And you, that you've made a, you've devoted your life to the technology of the here and now. I believe. Isn't that also correct? Well, I, I don't think I have at all. I don't know what you're talking about. I've, You do. So don't deny it. Okay. Right. By the way, here, this, this, this, I, I, let me mention something. You know, I did, there is such a thing as I, you, you go to, I don't know whether you're, you go to therapist and you've talked about dreams, or interested in dreams, but there's a kind of, there's a thing called dream work.


This may be of no interest to you, but there's a thing. But occurs to me, there's a thing called dreamwork whereby this may not seem like it has any relevance to anything. Yeah. Or makes any sense. But there are those who think, and I did it once with a good teacher, Sandra Seacat, that Laura Dur turned me onto, whom Laura Dern turned me onto. That you, you go to bed before the night of a before you need an answer to. So to say, dear inner self, you write a letter, please give me an answer to something about this character that I'm playing, or my wife aspect of this relationship. And you have a dream. And then you go to this dream coach and they go and you go, well, here's what it is. I wrote it down. It doesn't seem to have anything to do with the play. Or B gaga. And they go, well, not at first, but how about this?


And they open you up to consider the possibilities Yes. Of how your subconscious may be informing your Activities. My And your questions. My What Do you think of that? My, my mother-in-law. Yeah. A lovely woman and very smart woman is a therapist and Liza's mom. Yeah. Liza's mom. And she believes that dreams have all dreams have meaning. If you have a dream and you tell her, You know, she starts to pick it apart. I'm often having dreams that I defy anyone to make sense of, because it just seems like random mush. It really does. It's just, and then I realize that most of my life, I'm speaking in random mush. Yes, exactly. Yeah. That, so maybe they're related, Maybe they're, maybe they are related. Yeah. And you get fertile material in your dream life or not.


You know, I, I, I don't know about this. I'm not advocating for one. I don't know how I feel about it. If you tell me dreams are just a, kind of a weird, You know, You know, discharge of your, You know, nocturnal, You know, something. Well, no, There are nocturnal discharges. That's a separate category. Yes, yes. Well, there are, they're just frankly are on. I know there are. Yeah. What's that? Okay. I, I just, just don't think we need bring them up. No, no, no. I wasn't gonna bring them up. I was just gonna say it's a common term, nocturnal discharge. That, and I, and I wanted to make sure that people didn't misunderstand what Jeff was saying, that you are separating the two, right? Yes. Yes. Exactly. And if we were not on air, and I were more given to the ribble would, Or ribald Or ribald.


Oh, I, I Don Dunno, what do you think? Well, he's said genuine. Yeah, genuine. I'm allowed to, I, as the host of the show, I'm allowed to make up your own, make up the final laws on all pronunciations, Really. But Please continue. Way. Well, I don know. So, well, my point is that I'm not gonna continue into something, a whole thing that I just thought of about I'd love it If you Would. Yeah. Don't be afraid of being al We are all adults here, and this is just, and, and I'll say this is a safe space. Yeah. Alright. No, I shouldn't. Well, You know. Yes. Yes. But I was young, You know, 12, 13, I think it happened.


Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, that's all I'll, that's all I'll say. And, You know, well, That seems young is all I'm gonna say. Really? Yes. What? I was 37 For me For the first time. Oh God. Yes. Congratulations. Yeah. So, no, no, I was really watching them wrap up Seinfeld and I just, it happened. I'm sorry. That's very good. Late bloomer. I am, You know, you have Speak like Yoda. Yeah, I know. Yeah. The late bloomer. I am bloomer. I'm Discharge late Kate, You know, 3000 years old. I was Seattle, By the way, by the way.


I'm such big fans of yours. I've been watching a lot of, not just for my conscientious research purposes, but just for my own entertainment. Often I go to YouTube and see, I've seen hours and hours and hours of your content Foolishness. Oh my God. I like To call it God, everything. Oh, that's nice. I Love to of you out there watching it. I, I really, I really am. So I know, I know about, You know, what I think is something that makes me very happy is that none of our comedy was ever really about anything. No, that's for sure. So you can see something from 25 years ago and it doesn't relate to any specific topical thing in the news. Yeah. And other than the fact that my, my head hasn't rotted yet in those clips, people can laugh at them all over again, which makes me happy.


Uhoh, you, you put on your specs. Are you, he's examining your rotting. Are you examining My, my right head now that you brought it up? You all look great. You know, just great. Well, Please, you can tell that this, I have one of those Irish heads that bloats as it gets older. You've said It. I know. No, I, This is true. You know, you leave a gord, you leave a gourd in the sun long enough, and then wake con and then winter comes and you have yourself a Conan. That's what happens over time. But you, I will say this, I I love talking to you because you're staring at me and you're examining every, I Liked your glasses. I like your glasses. And I know why, You know, I, You know, last we had a conversation. I think I introduced you to these, you did This company, You know, I will, I will admit freely.


That's amazing. That my style guru and my lifestyle guru is Mr. Jeff Goldberg. Cannot not be. And I'll tell you why. He is a tall, good looking drink of water. And whenever he's wearing something, I think, well, wait a minute. We have somewhat similar, well, well hold on. Okay. Son's about to really correct me. Let's say Jeff had been in an accident at some point then Jeff and I would be very similar. That's all I'm saying. You guys have very different vibes. Well, no, I'm not talking about the vibes. Okay. I'm talking, talking just about when he is a tall man and he knows how to dress. Right. And I love, so during commercial breaks, often, often when he was on the show, people always wonder, what do you talk about with people?


I can always tell you what I'm talking about with Jeff. Yeah. The commercial break. I go right to, oh my God, that those shoes and You know, I have large feet and you have large feet. And he'll say, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, my, oh my boy. Oh, oh, yeah, it's useful. And then, so I remembered once you came out and you were wearing these wonderful glasses that you really carried off Well, and I said, I must wear those glasses. Yeah. And I asked you, and you acted as If you were telling me where the secret ring was that would unlock the universe. You went Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, my boy. Oh, yes. Yes. Jacque Jacque Marie, what is it? Mage Mage. Jacque Mage. Yeah. Yeah. Jacque Mage. Oh. And he said, oh my boy. I'll call ahead. I'll call ahead and then you to describe going downtown, and there's a secret knock and a pa, a corridor, and a passageway.


And sure enough, they're the greatest glasses. Did You go, how'd you get them? Did you go to see Jerome? I went with, I went with Sona. Yeah. Sona Came with you went to Jerome to that studio. Yes. Oh yeah. Yes. And he, I'm sure he greeted you and met you and showed you everything. Oh, He was wonderful. They were, everybody was wonderful. I mean, I have done this several times. You, once we were doing something together, that was not my project. And not your project. We were recording something together. I Remember the day. I Do. And I, and you walked in and I always couldn't, I could never find jeans. I have a very unusual build, I'll say. And come on. Anyway, what the sound is, was that A doctor? What's yours? Scene? What? What's your leg? We have long leg. You have a fine leg, I think.


What's your in seam? I Have a very long Leg. We'll say it together. Ready? Here's our inea. 1, 2, 3, 36. Six. I'm a 36. What? 36? Yeah. What Is it? Why No. Said you were 39? Well, I was afraid. I, I, I was afraid to go. I have a very thick, I have a long inseam. And so I, that's long. So anyway, I see this gentleman come in and he's wearing these amazing jeans. And I said, oh my God, Jeff, where'd you get those jeans? He went, oh, oh, oh. Well, oh my boy. He said, Said, oh my boy. Oh my boy. He said it. Oh. Oh, good. Oh. And you went, oh, oh my boy. You simply must, oh, and then, and then you said, and then you said, and then you said, I'll never forget you said the Schaefer Garment Hotel.


That's right. What? And it's this place. Robert Shafer. Yeah. You said, oh, the Shafer Garment Hotel. And I go there and you said, just go. Just go. So I go, and of course, it's the coolest people in the world, and they have like an old denim machine. And it's amazing. It's the John Wick Hotel, but for clothes. Yes. Yes it is. It's the John Wick Hotel, except just for jeans. Oh my. And how about the hat maker in the, in the back? Oh, Oh. There's a guy there wearing like slashes hat. And he's like, I'll make one of these. And I went, well, I don know if I can carry that off. There's a dog that's in the store. Yeah, that's right. Do You know how I ran into there? Once I was with Emily, we went there to pick up a pair of jeans or a hat or something. And it was just us and Bob Dylan. Oh my God. Yes. 'cause he got his hats from that guy.


Oh, I saw him outta the corner of my eye. I kept, I had this important business. I was talking about hat. And he came in and before I could say anything to him, he left. But I think Emily, I don't know if she said anything. Wait, you didn't Go up to him? No, no. I wish I had Bob Dylan. I think I, I, I mean, I've told this before, but I met him once. Oh. I got pushed to the front of the, I was, I went to see some concert of his, and I was backstage and someone pushed me to the front of a line. And there he was the great Bob Dylan. And it's my one chance to meet him. And he and he, all this conversation stopped. And Bob Dylan looked at me and he went, I know you from the tv.


That's true. It's true tv. The tv. He said, I know you from the tv. And just then the other person backstage was Vice President Al Gore. And so I, all I hear is, I know you from the tv. And then I hear, count, count, it's me, Al Gore. And then I'm like, what, what is this event? And I go, what We're all there for, we're all there for a concert to see Bob Dylan performing. And he goes like, I love rock and ro, You know, and I suddenly, he's talking to me and, and I see Bob Dylan scuttle away. I was cock blocked with Bob Dylan by Vice President Al Gore. That's a true story. If you had told me that that wasn't a true story, but that was a dream you had last night, it would be just as credible.


Yeah. And then, trust me, I wanted to detach Gore's tongue from his body to get him to stop yapping at me. He, no, I'm sorry. You know, all due respect to the former vice president and of course a leading figure in climate prevention change. It's another nocturnal emission happening. Yeah. You know what? He does this to me. Jeff Cowin does this to me. Un you're not wrong. He un mans me. Yeah. You just bewitching. And this is


joyous. Yes. This bracket season FanDuel is letting you make the call. 'cause right now, new customers can get $200 in bonus bets when your first $5 bet wins. You hear me? That's 200 extra binos to bet on. Everything from clutch shots to last second heartbreaks and even who's cutting down the nets, if you've been waiting to join, there's no better time. There's turn action that slang for tournament almost every day. And FanDuel has amazing be types like spreads totals, game props, and so much more. I know all about this. You do. Oh, I'm a real, it sounds like it. I'm a real Beto. I, I'm, I'm excited because Michigan State, which is my team, I, I think they're gonna go all the way. They're number one in the big 10. Yes. Yes. Let's go all the way. You know, don't shake your head, Eduardo. Listen, you are all a Michigan all the way You are always. That's right. Ever since I've known you, which is like 20 some odd years. That's right. You've been babbling about Michigan. This Michigan that. You gotta try a Michigan soup. You gotta have Michigan pizza pie. I love it all. And, and, and so Yeah. I say with FanDuel, Michigan State all the way. Let's go baby. Go drink. Yeah. Your favorite murderers are from Michigan. Anyway. That's true also. So visit FanDuel dot com slash conan. Get in on the college hoops action. Turny Long turn is short for tournament Must be 21 plus and present in select states for Kansas in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in present in DC. First online Real Money wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Visit md gambling help.org. In Maryland,


A lot of people, when they think about winter snow, You know, snowman, not me. Football fights, snowball fights. That's not what I think about. Okay. I think it's a great excuse to gather with friends and crack open a cold one. Yeah. From basketball and hockey to game night. Winter means more moments with the coolest people in your life. And I've got some Pretty cool people in my life. Like me? No. Oh, not you. Okay. But like, my really cool friends. Oh, okay. You know who I get together with, right? I patch Jones. Oh yeah. I, I He's cool. Yeah. Du Shrimp. I have a lot of very cool friends. RJ Johannes make these moments even better with Miller. Like, that's my crew. The great tasting light beer for people who love beer. Miller Light is brewed for taste. Hello. It's different than other light beers. Other light beers are just like, blah. If you like it, okay. But If you don't go to hell. Yeah. Well, guess what? Not. Miller Light. It's made with simple ingredients like malted barley for rich balanced toffee note flavors. And the iconic golden color. The original light beer since 1975. And still from my money. The best one. Yeah. I remember when I was out with my gang, right? We were out, out on our bicycles. Oh yeah. And we were driving around and then we, we pulled over and got a Miller Light, You know, and it was really nice. 'cause it was a lot of people don't think You don't ride a bicycle in the winter. No, but we put snow tires on our bicycles. Okay. Big chains. And it was just nice to sit with my friends next to our bicycles that were really heavy with chains and crack open a cold one. You know, Miller Light. Great. Taste 96 calories. Go to Miller light.com/conan to find delivery options near you. Or you can pick up some Miller Light. Pretty much anywhere they sell beer. Yeah. Tastes like Miller Time to me. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories and 3.2 carbs per 12 ounces.


One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. I know. Like I'm trying to sell my coal miners hat and it goes to a dance troupe. Ugh, that's no good. It's just stupid. That's where LinkedIn ads come in. Fortunately, LinkedIn is a network of over 1,000,000,001. You can't even count that high. I can't, I can't either. As a network of over 1 billion businessy people who might actually be interested in your business. You can even target your buyers by job title, industry, company roles, seniority skills, company revenues. Did I say job title? I think I did. Mm. Just stop wasting budget on the wrong audience. That's just stupid. Start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will give you a $100 credit on the next campaign, so you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco, that's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions to Bly only on LinkedIn ads


when I'm around you. Oh, look, him take a sip. Really something. Everything he does is perfection. Yes. You just want to take a sip and it's like, there's a golden liquid in there, but I know. It's just something. Okay. Looks like ginger ale or rum. I don't know. No, it's green tea they made for me here. But I know how you despise ice drinks. Oh, Oh, of course. I heard that whole, thank you. I've, I've seen every, I've heard every episode. God, I Don know if we Should be excited or horrified That you're coming. You know, our deep dark. I Know. Everything. Everything I have to say. We're terrible people. You know, we really are an awful lot. You can do better than us, Jeff. You know what?


You can sip any day because everything you do m Listen. Listen. Yeah. Listen it. Oh my God. Terrible. That is Jeff Goldblum sipping. That's, Oh my God. You're the best. You know, You know what's interesting to me? There is a, there's a sensuality that you exude. Hmm. About see, even with the smallest gestures Yes. A sensuality. And then I find, and I'm quite comfortable in my sexuality, but I find that when I'm around you, I'm open for anything. I really am. You know, I I I am I'm just saying that feel the same. I'm, I'm open. And, and and Matt is as well. Yeah. We are just up for it. I'd like to offer myself a sacrifice in some way.


Oh Wait, you mean like if Jeff invited you to like a weird sex party, you'd be like, oh, You know how, You know how uptight I am? Yes. That's why I'm Jeff Goble said, oh, this, come with me into this special sanctum and I want you to introduce me to introduce you to my secret friends. And it's gonna be, but first you must apply this wax and oil. I would do it. I would do it. Because he's that. And it's gonna be Diane Keaton, Ron Howard and Robert Altman. Yes. And Bob Dylan. And, and Bob Dylan's gonna see me and go, I know you from the TV and I know you in a whole different way. And then I'm just about to get it on with Bob Dylan when I get her Hear Conan Conney me Vice President al go Very erotic.


Yeah. Well this, this little packet that we're in, don't you love This? Is this the f this this is the, the first time. Yeah. Well, I love this blue. It's nice though. Blue velvet. Yeah. Purse that we're in, You know, it's like A sex panic room. That's, I don Dunno. Sex Panic with microphone. Have you ever been in a sex panic? That's a sex I have. Yeah. I have been in a sex panic Myself. Yeah, I know. See, that's the problem. That's why I envy you, is I don't think Jeff would ever be in a sex panic. Jeff bu would never be in a sex panic. No. I'm in a constant. Even when there's nothing sexual happening, I'm in a sex panic. I'm constantly in my own head. Well, he's The antidote. 'cause he could be a sex bomb to your sex panic.


This Is Not A sex whisper. Yes. Sex whisper. A sex whisper. Sex bomb. Sex bomb. Who, who, who did that song? Sex Bomb? It wasn't bomb, but it was bomb. Oh yeah. Sex bomb. B 50 Twos. No, it was a big hit in Europe, particularly during these couple of years that I remember. Sex bomb. Sex Bomb. You only remember a couple of years ago we got No, during these couple, this is when it was a hit. He's looking it up When it was a hit. I, I was in Europe making a movie and it was on all the time. But I don't think it made its way across the pond. I don't think it's either. That sounds familiar. And there was a video, I'll give you a clue. That same singer. It is not unusual. Oh, Tom Jones. Oh yeah. Tom Jones. Exactly what? James Bond.


Thunderball. Oh yeah. You have a James. Okay. They call Thunder and they strike strikes like Thunderball. Do You know, I love That, that Johnny Cash did a rejected Thunderball theme song. I didn't, did not Know that. I, Wow. He did. Unsolicited sent it to them and they went, we never asked for this. It was not that song. It was his own song. Song. You know. Can I say something? Yeah. And this is to be, 'cause I know a lot about Johnny Cashier revere him. Yeah. He sent in a lot of unsolicited songs. Interesting. He was constantly sending in like pre shampoo Alpo dog food. He constantly, yeah. He was constantly sending in.


I've got a different way you could go with that song. Purina Cat. Chow Chow. Chow Chow. I Can't even Not True. I believed you for a second. Now now I feel really dumb. I too, yeah. I I was like, oh, you're kidding. You know the best part of waking Up. No. Just lived in your cup. You know, that's Saint Johnny Cash first sent it in and he did it in that Joni Cash Way. Yeah. He first sang that Sonya Look sharp. Feel sharp. Yes. Be sharp, ring burning, fire A bomb down, down, down borrowing ring A fire Stuck on Bandaids Goes bandaid stuck on me. He did the Oscar Meyer song. Duh. Ma Bologna has a first Name Mi CAR Ma Bologna has a second Name.


Oh. And You know what I mean? No, no. Wasn't the, wasn't the Oscar. You know what the sad last thing he did before he passed away was the Car for Kids Jingle. Oh yeah. I don't know that jingle. Oh, Sing it one eight. Is it one 800 cars for, for kids? Something like that. Oh, that okay. Yeah. No, but I think the Oscar Meyer thing was, I'd like to be an Oscar Meyer Wiener. Oh. I'd like to be an Oscar Meyer Wiener. I, yes. I like to be an Oscar Meyer Wiener. That is what I really like to be. I'd Like to be an as if I were an now all the kids would be in love with me. Yes. I fell into a burning ring of fire. Yeah. Just so You know, to be fair that most jingles that you love were written by Johnny Cash. That's true. Unsolicited. He would just send them in. Like, but he did do the Thunderball.


This is how we got started. Yeah. I dropping mental breadcrumbs. He did send in the, what did you say he Did? And it sounds like a typical Johnny Cash song, except it has kind of like John Barry horns in it. Mm. It's really something. I love that. I love that Thunderball. I was right at the right age for that. 'cause I'd consumed Dr. No from Russia with Love Goldfinger. I was so ready for Thunderball. Boy, that Was great. He Is he your favorite bond of all time? I'm gonna say for me it's Sean Connery, but Daniel Craig. Right. That's exactly, is right there with him. And I thought no one could do That's Yeah. I thought no one could. Sean Connery was so incredible. Fantastic. When he peaked, when he went to the summit of the Alps after Thunderball, I think Nothing against Sean Connery, those movies.


Yeah. It started to, He was phoning it in a bit. Wither. Yeah. And by the time he got to Jill St. John and Diamonds are forever Dives. Forever. Yeah. You know, not my favorite. And can I say, I've never been happier in My life right now. I know you are. You. This is right up your Alley. This is, I'll tell you, Matt Gourley is a bond fanatic and a huge Jeff Goldblum fan. Yeah. Now he's in a room. They've both come together and he's having a nocturnal emission. Oh My God. There's so many emissions happening. A diurnal emission all day long here. This is really it. What? Yeah. The what? The what? Diurnal. Diurnal. The Oh, is that the daytime? The, the diurnal? I Believe so. Die diurnal. Die Diurnal diurnal. Diurnal Diurnal.


I believe I know that song. Johnny Cash first sent that. Okay, Listen, You have Yes. He's Chief. You know, he Submitted all my bar mitzvah song. Oh, You know what, You Know what makes perfect. You know what makes perfect? I fell into a burning ring of It's becoming more Elvis. It's becoming more Elvis than Johnny Ca. I never said I was the perfect, You know, Oh my God. You know, you are, you are a terrific jazz musician. And I'm bringing this up for a reason. I think to understand Jeff Goldblum, which is impossible, but to really understand what makes this man tick, I think is your love of jazz. You are constantly improvising in the moment and tuned into that crazy galaxy that real jazz musicians are tuned into.


And a good friend of mine just went and saw you perform the other night and said that you were fantastic. Really? That's very nice. That's very encouraging. Thank you. Yeah. We played the Disney Concert Hall. Yes. Oh my God. Yeah. Two couple nights ago. Yeah. But, but what I'm saying is, am I, am I correct that, that there's something about music. You're, I just feel like you're in tune with some jazz musical score all the time. Yeah. Yeah. Is that, do you think that's, and and this is a compliment, by the way. Thank you so much. I like j Well I aspire to it. I'm a humble student of jazz and of the technology of presence in all its various ramifications in the podcast world and the jazz world and the musical world and everything. Oh, I had thought, by the way, aren't there has, hasn't anybody sung songs a snippet of song about friendship as you're still looking for friends, by the way, how, how many friends do you need?


You've been looking for. How long have you been looking for friends Now? Doesn't, how many of you found by this time? We'll hear Off Jeff. They don't often take, that's the problem. Oh, I am. I don't wear well over time. That's one of the problems. Yeah. But I Feel that we are, You know, sometimes plants, they have to graft. They have to graft into each other, is what you're saying. Yes, Yes, yes. I'm right there with you. I think we have, we have, We need to graft into each other. Yes. We need to very, very much. Yeah. But think of, do You know any songs about friend friendship? Well, the, the song that, You know, we are gonna be friends that White Stripes did Jack White Jack. Oh. He's a good friend of mine. And that's the song I wanted. Name Dropper. He wrote the song with Jeff Altman.


Oh, Jeff Altman. Robert. Robert Altman. Sorry. Oh. Anyway. Fall is here. Hear the yell. You sing like a nightingale. I love your voice when You know when you're not. Do you really like my voice? When you're not doing that, you have a beautiful, authentic, conversational, delightful voice. Yeah. Can I say something? You must, I I'm always so self-conscious that I put trills and foolishness in there. Yeah. But you just, and never just Sing. You just sang. And I loved it. Yes. Night. No, He's gonna do, oh, is that you're gonna do a thing? Holy night? Holy his calm. Yeah. He's doing No, it's doing it again. Right? Yeah. He's doing again, all his pride. Try to take all the the Can't do it out it.


No, no. I mean, you can't be normal. No. But you were just singing. So sing that whatever you, you wanna sing like the other voice that, that's it. Let's see. You, You, you've got a friend, You Know. Oh no, I can't sing that song. How About the Jason Isabel song you sang to us that time. That year? Yeah. Oh yeah. What's that? What's That? Oh yeah. How does that go? It goes. Never Could Be Happy in the city at night. That's beautiful. Yeah. Can't See the stars for the neon lights. Beautiful. Sidewalks dirty in the river's. Worse underground. Trains all run in reverse. Nobody here can dance like me. Everybody claps on the one in the 3:00 AM I the last my kind.


Am I the last of my kind? That's The very moving, very beautiful boy. You should do, you should do a whole album of songs that way. I'd love to hear you do that. He Can't do it. I can't do it. I beautiful. You know, you Two are just locked an eye icon. But can I tell You something went, I'll Tell you something, Jeff. I I, I, I, I couldn't. And I'm supposed to, and I want to write a song with Amy Mann. Yeah. I love Amy Mann. We talked About it. I adore Amy Mann. I too, I'm intimidated by Amy Mann's talent. But we promised to write a song together. And then the last thing she said to me, I said, yeah, I'll do it. And she said, You know, it's just gotta be something like sincere and something that you really wanna say. And I was like, oh yeah. Oh, thats not gonna happen. You do. You could do it.


No you can't. No, I can't. Can Sona will you tell them? Please take, I was on the edge of my seat the entire time You were singing. 'cause I thought he was going to go into some bit and like, do something with Your voice. Things eventually become a bit baby. It's A bit, it's a, you, you like joking around. Well, who knows where it will be consumed or how it should be presented. But just for your own, just for, You know, just, just do it. I'd love to hear just for me. Yeah, me too. And for so, and for us, I'd love to hear you do it. And you don't have to jettison your comedic force of nature. You could be surprising and do one like that and one like that and one like that. But that's a very useful part of your toolbox in my opinion. And a very enjoyable one. That's, Well, You know, that's very nice.


I'm curious about something, because we have so much in common, not just our incredible height and physiques not, and not just our successful, incredibly successful careers. Both of us is as, as as actors. My point is that we both, and you mentioned this earlier, both of us, both of our fathers doctors. Yes. Right. And I, I don't know, there's this couple of similarities there. I'm fascinated by this idea that sometimes a salmon just knows it has to swim upstream. I don't know why, but somehow you knew Yeah. When you were a kid. Yeah, I kid. Yeah. That you needed to be an actor. You needed to be a performer. Yes. Yep.


I did. I did. Yeah. Around 10, You know, we started to go to children's theater and, and I was like, what are they doing? Who is that? What are they doing backstage? And I'd be very excited, You know, just to go. And then around ninth and 10th grades, I went to this summer session of Carnegie Mellon University and took real lessons. Right. And, and, and You know, oh no. But before that, yes, I went to Chatham Music Day camp around fifth grade and was in this show. And my dad had said, If you ever find something you love to do that maybe is a key to your vocational choice wisely. And that night they said, so how'd you like that? And I was like, yeah, yeah. I liked it. But I kept it secret because there was no, You know, and we, I kept it secret.


I wanted to be an actor. And certainly in school I was a well-behaved good boy. And nobody would've thought that I would do anything like that, except that I played piano here and there and that da da da. So that was it. Yeah. And he was a doctor. But I must say, I don't know if, What kind of doctor, by the way, Internal medicine, kinda kinda a family doctor, You know? Got it. Got it. But that, You know, people, his patients loved him. And he would always kind of keep up on his studies and this and that. And, You know, he liked medicine. But early on, supposedly the story goes, he, when he wanted to decide what he was gonna do, he was either gonna be a doctor or an actor. Oh, that's, he, he had the idea, fascinating idea to be an actor. And then he stuck his head in the bag of a class and thought to himself, this is outta my league. Whatever that meant.


So he was a, a, a doctor, but, so he was a little bit tickled when I, of course. Yeah. Did he And, and he got to see you become Jeff Goldblum the, the big deal. Yeah. Well, not such a big deal. Not even a big deal now. But he got to see me start to, 'cause the things started to happen quickly. He died like in 83, around the time I did The Big Chill. But he saw a few movies before that and some plays. And I remember I did a play called City Sugar where I was the lead. I was a, a radio guy in England with an English accent. They, Stephen Poff play called City Sugar. And, and I did it at this off-Broadway show. He went to see when he came backstage and he was not like this, he was burst into tears Oh, wow.


And threw his arms around Me. Wow. Yeah. Like that. I know, I know. Well, I can't relate anyway. I don't mean to interrupt, but I just realized something that's, speaking of when you knew you wanted to do something. When I was a very young boy, my dad took me to downtown LA 'cause that's where he used to work. First Celebrity Siding was a, something being shot a warehouse door, opens up Outrun Ben Vereen, and then Outrun Jeff Gold shooting 10 speed and brown Shoes. Okay. And I was gonna bring this up that the first time we met I am was TV was my, was our life preserver when we were kids. And my, my brothers, Neil and Luke and I were really into what's the new show?


What's the new show? And we're constantly looking for what's the new show gonna be? And it was a big deal back then. Now people are bombarded with TV and streaming all the time. Back in the late seventies, early eighties, You know, there was a big deal like ABC's coming out with its lineup in the fall. And you'd all summer, you'd be excited. Yeah. You'd hear rumors about what it was gonna be. And CBS is coming out with this and NBC's coming out with that. And there was this show that we heard about called 10 Speed and Brown Shoe. And I, my brothers and I watched it and it starred Ben Vereen and this guy I had never heard of before. Yeah. Named Jeff Goldblum. And it was fucking fantastic. So good. It was so good.


Yeah. And I was like, who is that guy? Who's that guy? That guy's fantastic. And then the show didn't last. 13 episodes is all. Yeah. Yeah. It was fantastic. Bring, bring It back. And Stephen J Can did it, who had done Rockford files and many other things. But I remember, and la and what great, great greatest American hero, You know, story. Yeah. 18. Well, I believe it or not, I'm walking on air, but, so good. Yeah. Please don't ask me to sing that one. William, William Kat Johnny Cash first sent that in Walking on air. So I, You know, but it's funny that you, we all have, it's so funny that you bring that up, Matt, because that is the first time that I met Jeff Goldblum.


I'm using your full name. Yeah. Just out of reverence. You know, it would've been a couple years into the late night show that I met you and you've, You know, you've done, I mean, everything. You'd had been in so many great movies and all. I, I went back into your dressing room and I was like, 10 speed and brown shoe. And I remember you were, you were like, oh yeah, 10 speed and brown shoe. And, 'cause I thought you might say, oh, well, who cares about that? You know, I've moved on to so many other things and, but it was such a, it really tickled me. Yeah. When I was Oh, good. A I don't know, it was like, how old would I have been? 14, 15 years? Well, it was like 1980, I think. So you were born in I Was 16, 17. 16. 17. I was seven when I saw you guys shooting that. And I just was baffled by the cameras. And that you did it multiple times and going, why are they doing it again and again?


Why is It you were, how did you wind up there? What, where My dad worked downtown and he would take me to downtown quite a bit. Downtown LA What Did he do, your dad? He was a division manager for the gas company. Oh, I see. So, well He also sold drugs. He Major Kingpin. Yeah. So downtown. No kidding. And you just happened upon us shooting. No kidding. Yeah. And I was, I was just blown away. I remember, You know, it's so funny you think about these brushes with show business. As we said earlier, I was so far removed from, You know, show business in my childhood. And then I'll never forget, my father came home one day and he said, they're shooting a movie at our, at my hospital, the Peter Brent Brigham Hospital, which is now Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston.


It's a big hospital. And he said, they're shooting this scene right outside my office. And we were like, they're shooting a movie in Boston near my dad's, like right outside my dad's office. That's in, that's impossible. That can't be. And so we rushed over there and it was a scene where actor James Coburn, oh, just has to walk out and open a car door and get in it and shut the door. And it, and he walked out. They go, and action. And so James Coburn walks up and he walks up to the car and it won't open. And it won't open. And they go cut. And the car's been, someone had locked it with the keys inside.


Oh. So then we watched James Coburn just stand there while three, like seven guys crowd around and start with a, with a coat hanger trying to open the door. And I gotta find out the name of this movie. 'cause I guess you could watch it. Wow. What year would've this have been? This Would've been like 19 71, 72. We could, we could look that up. We could find Out. And, and he trying to un un, You know, lift up the door and they couldn't get it. And I thought, this is movie making. Wow. Yeah. What The hell is this? Well, still one is struck by that. When you go to, You know, some movie in, there's, You know, all the little things going on. Hey, I'll be, I love James Coburn. You know, I saw the first run of Iron Man Flint. Oh my God.


In like, Flint. Oh, we're back. Yeah. Oh yeah. Do you remember how the telephone rang in Lee j Cobb's office? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I Have no idea. This was kind of almost, almost a takeoff on James Bond, but not really. I mean, it was very silly. Derek Flint. Derek Flint. Yeah. And, and then Austin Power had kind of borrowed some things like that kind of went, went from there. What is the James Coburn movie? I've gotta find that out. I'll bet I let guess medical mystery. Let me guess after that. I think after that he did a movie called The President's Analyst. You know, it could've been that. Yeah. You know, I remember him talking about it on talk shows. I used to love talk shows when I was in Pittsburgh. I used to tune into, in summer, stay home all day and watch the Mike Douglas Show Go from Mike Douglas to, You know, Dina Shore and Merv Griffin.


And he used to come on, remember he was kind of a counter-cultural hippie Yes. Actor then. And he used to come on with a turtleneck, You know, or a medallion or something like that. And his act, he used to come on, not just talk, he wanted to play the gong. And he used to, he used to bring onto Carson a big, big gong and go, no. That, that was his act. You know, We had, You know what I love in the tradition of just to, just to let people know that we did our best during my late night run to keep the, the madness going. You talk about, You know, how people would just do strange things. One of the stranger things we did once was we just put out a salt lick on my show to see if we could attract a celebrity.


And then you did it so nicely out of nowhere. Just Jeff, Jeff, Jeff, just in the corner. But he does it sort of like a, like a nervous deer deer. And he slowly approaches. And I'm like, that's, oh, it looks like, looks like Jeff Cobo shit. Wanna be quiet. And he came out and then he like sniff, sniffed the salt lick. And then he took a little lick. I remember that being one of my favorite. Such a stupid, I don't care. So James Coburn played the gong with Carson, You know. Yeah. Let's see, let's see. You have Jeff Golum. What do we got for Coburn? Coburn Is the Care Treatment. Care Treatment is a 1972 American crime thriller film by Blake Edwards Baseball, blah.


Yes. Blake, it takes place In Boston. In Boston. Dr. Peter Carey Played by James Coburn. Yes. A pathologist who moves to Boston where he starts working. Okay. Well, I met, met, I don't know it, but Blake Edwards. Boy. Well, Guess what? So this is another fun story. My dad's there. I he, well, this doesn't happen. When I was there, they kept shooting this right outside my dad's window. And he kept thinking, well, I could look, keep looking on this microscope for a cure to a terrible disease where I could go outside and hang out with these movie folk. So he went outside and he's chatting and he can't believe it. But Blake Edwards is there with his wife, Julie Andrews. Oh. And ju And, and a friend of my dad's who doesn't know much 'cause he's always looking at a microscope, is talking to Blake Edwards. And then he turned to Julie Andrews and said, the friend Of your dad's, The friend of my dad's, and said, now, now tell me Miss, what do you do?


Oh no. Oh no, Come on. And she said, well, I'm, You know, an actress as well. He went, well. And then later on people told him what the, what he did. And I, the guy, I think put his head in a cyclotron. Wow. It's like That scene from Nodding Hill when You know Julia Roberts comes in. Yeah. You know, hug Grant. I know That reference. Yes, hill. There you go. We're getting closer and closer to her references. When you said Julie Andrews, I was like, yeah, she narrated Bridger Tin. So I know her. You know, and You know what? Well, my God, sound of music. Sound of music. My God. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. You know, when the, when the Thanksgiving Day parade, when I lived in New York, we lived on the Upper West Side. And my kids were crazy about seeing, You know, the, the parade go by.


And so I'd always take them, they were little kids to see the, the parade. And once I'm watching on the television, and we haven't gone down yet, and the parade is going by then, they said, and here comes Julie Andrews. I lost my fucking mind. I'm at the time, You know, I'm, I'm whatever. I'm a 46-year-old man. I ran without my kids. Oh my God. How old were you? And I ran all the way down. They were like, where are you going? I was like, dad. And I ran because I wanted to get down there fast. And I saw her go by and I was like, it's Julie Andrews and I've been on TV at this point, You know, whatever, 12 years. And I'm like, ah, Julie Andrews. I mean, she didn't see me, but Amazing.


Yeah. Amazing. How about the movie 10? She's in the movie. 10 of course, too, but Sound of Music I saw when it first came out. You know, it was a big deal around that. That, yeah. And I showed it to our kids now. I showed us, we showed Sound of Music. We haven't shown them many movies. I'm gonna show they've never been to a movie theater. But I think I'm gonna take 'em to see, well, your World, your kids are Seven of almost seven and just turned five. Oh my God. Okay. So they're such a great age. And because of COID they've missed out on some of these great experiences. Like going to a movie theater is, so, that was the biggest thing in the world that could happen to me, was to get to go to a movie theater and see a movie. Really? Yeah. And so when I say to, You know, anyone in my family now, Hey, do you wanna go see a movie? And they're like, eh. Oh, I don't know. I'm like, I don't know. Whatcha are you talking about?


It's because they can see anything they want at any time. Right, Right. Oh yeah. Go to a movie theater. I'm about to do, I'm involved in this cycle of publicity for Jurassic Park Dominion. And one of the things we're encouraging people to do genuinely on my part, is to go out and see it in the movies, You know? Of course. Yeah. And I made a list because of that. I thought, oh, what are the best times I've ever had in movie theaters in my life? 'cause it's a, You know, that's a way to, to talk about it. And, and so I started to remember, and with the help of my sister too, all the movies I saw, importantly when I was a kid. And she said, oh, remember this one? And it's been a nostalgia blast. So, You Know, these are, these are the movies that really blew you away? Yes. These are the ones we remember.


She and I used to go to, they used to drop us off to the Leona Theater, this big beautiful jewel box of a three-tiered movie, movie Palace In Pittsburgh. In Pittsburgh. But West Homestead, a suburb of Pittsburgh, not downtown, a little suburb. But they had this movie theater. And we'd go for, You know, 25 7 50 cents or something, whatever tickets were, get popcorn with butter and salt, and then hotdog. So GE, Jeff Goldberg was about to read a list of his favorite movies. This is Heaven, the ones that made a big difference that I can remember to this day. Let's hear, let's hear it. Okay. We saw, see if, see if anything these mean anything to you. The Absent, Absent-Minded professor. Yes, yes. You know, Fred McMurray, flubber, all that, that made a big impression on me. The Blob. Oh, the original, which I've seen recently. Steve McQueen. Very good. The, his first movie, You know, now, who was, of course you'll know who was in all of these movies, which we saw, You know, we saw whatever they that came to there.


But during this period, the 60, You know, early sixties, the bellboy Cinderella disorder, dear Orderly visitor Lewis Planet, geisha boy, of course, the Nutty Professor, Delo Delinquent, rock by Baby, nutty professor. Yeah. Loved it. Then I got a chance to meet him. Did you ever meet J Jerry? I did. I got to meet him. I got to interview him. Yeah. That's so interesting. Well, we could talk all about that. Well, did you meet Jerry Lewis? Yes, I did. I was going to play his son in that last movie that he did. Augie R Rose Agie Rose Agie. Oh, no, no. Max Rose. Max Rose. Max Rose. And, and so I went to Vegas in order. I was almost gonna do it before I got something else and couldn't and da da da. And so I hung out with him in his office in Las Vegas.


How was he and bonded? Amazing. We could talk for, You know, amazing. He'd made a big, he was big in my childhood and during this period, so I was a massive star. Yeah. Thrilled to meet him. And he was, You know, as You know him at that stage and great, You know, and great and complicated and, You know, very Complicated. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. But those movies, when we were seeing those movies, big deal. The, do You know what this movie's, the Sterile Cuckoo? No. Liza Minnelli's First. Liza Minnelli's first movie. She plays a kind of a nerdy girl. The Sterile Cuckoo. Sterile Cuckoo who's coming Terrible name for a movie. Yeah, Yeah. It is. Nobody wants to Sterility is Never Yeah.


Something that draws the, the masses. Yeah. No, Come one. Come on. Bring the family. The sterile cuckoo. Yeah. That Cuckoo's not having children. How about this movie? Who knows this? I don't think you will. Georgie girl. Oh, Yeah. Oh yeah. We almost named Georgie girl Walking down the street. So Fancy Free was played by the Red Grave Lynn Redgrave, who I worked with later, believe it or not. Oh, well, bridge on the River. Quiet. Yes. We saw the first viewing of it. A first The Man who shot Liberty Violence. Yes. I love that. Hush hush Sweet. Charlotte, how about, You know, Betty Davis and Joan Crawford together? Gay Perry, P-U-R-E-E, about a animated movie about, You know, an impressionistic style, French impressions about cats.


And I think Robert Gullet did a voice, You know, great. Dr. Noah from Russia with Love Goldfinger, fantastic Ironman Flint. I have Pink Panther, the first pink path. We now you put movie theater. And there was Peter Sellers never seen before as Au Blake Edwards. Unbelievable. I remember the, the day we saw that, those Movies changed my life. Bobby d and I went, my best friend went to that theater to see Psycho first time. Oh, Oh wow. Run of Psycho. Unbelievable. And I just spent some time with Jamie Lee Curtis in CinemaCon. You know, how about, You know what's so great about, there was a, there were all these great pro, they don't do it anymore, but there were these great promotional tricks that they did back in the day to get people to come see movies. And Alfred Hitchcock was a genius at this.


Yeah. So when Psycho came out, he had like ambulances outside the theaters, and he very much publicized, we're gonna have medical personnel Yeah. Available for people who faint or have seizures during this terrifying movie. And pe You know, people went mad for, for it. And there was like a, do not be late for this one, remember? Yeah. Say, don't Be late, won't let you in after the first. Yeah, yeah. We won't let you do not tell your friends what happens. Exactly. And, and, and he did all that stuff. He did it with the birds. He did, he had all these great, I mean, what a great showman he was in addition to being, You know, this Incredible Birds. There's another movie we saw first Run. I love that day that we saw that. But then we went, oh, I had a crush on this girl.


And we went, I went on a field trip hoping to kind of be near her. I had not made any headway. And we saw Hard Day's Night. Yeah. The wow. That was What girl did you have a crush On? Stephanie GNAs. Oh, I thought you said Oh. Oh, okay. I I thought you made better Crush on the Girl in the movie. Movie. No, not the movie. Those were fellas. They just had long hair. No, In ninth grade. In ninth grade. No, Stephanie. And she was going, so I was gonna tag along too. Have you Ever kept up with Stephanie Ignatz? You know, I, we have her here today. Here she is a little bit, bit, oh my God. Look out. She's arranged Some 10 or 15 years after this period. We got in touch and we saw each other. She went out to California and, You know, saw her.


Okay. Okay. You saw her, but she didn't see you. You followed her from a distance. Oh, no, no, not like that. They saw Each other. Oh, okay. He closes. Wasn't like that. No, No. I understand. Oh, I'm making it clear. What I do is I, I look them up and then I just, I peer at them through shrubbery from 50 yards away. Oh my God. Yeah. That's my, you should, well, they did. When I say, oh, I saw her what I means. Norman Bates, the ambulance. Speaking of Norman Bates. Yeah, I know. Through a hole in the, in your office walls. Yeah. He's got them All over this building. It's Horrible. Really? Yeah. Well, I Have to ask you, speaking of movies we have to talk about, because in Resser Park and this character that you played, Dr.


Ian, what's the last name? Malcolm. Malcolm. Malcolm, that's right. Malcolm. Malcolm, yes. You, I mean, God, you nailed that character so much. And now you're coming back and you're assembling with the same people to, to bring this, these people back to life. Yes, sir. So who else is with you in this is Laura Dern. Laura Dern, of course, the great Laura Dern, the great Sam Neil. So the three of us from the first movie are back together for the first time since then. Right. And we are reunited and have something to do with, in this story with Bryce Dallas Howard's character and Chris Pratt's character, but also BD Wong is back from the first one. And Omar, that's great. Yeah.


Isn't that great? And Omar c from most recently, and Daniella Poda and Justice Smith. And Wait a minute, wait a minute. And, and new, new characters, Dwan de Wise ache and, and Campbell Scott Yeah. Are in this. Yeah, you do. Sermon comes back. It's great. Thing About, I mean, this is something that I think would be worthwhile you to settle with for a second, is that movies were such a big deal for you growing up. You've now been in a bunch of movies and you think about Jurassic Park, so many young people, that was an eye-opening experience for them, and you were a big part of it. Yeah. It's interesting how the, the loop closes in a strange way, isn't it?


It's Fascinating. Well, I know it's a dreamy life that I've had. I can't believe it. I'm very grateful. And it's amazing that I get a chance to be in some movies, in some movies with people like I've said, that I saw early on. It is amazing. It's amazing. I have to Say that that is something, and I brought this up before, but also I've had a dreamy life and getting the chance to just, to me, getting to interact with someone I saw on a movie screen or a television set when I was a child. Yeah. Nothing tops that. Yeah. And You know, there are all these massive stars that come along later on in life and, and, and it doesn't have the same effect as meeting someone like a Dick Van Dyke or meeting someone who was in a movie in a huge deal when you were a kid like Jerry Lewis, You know, or, or You know.


Yeah. Both seeing a Julie Andrews on a parade float go by. And even though she's 50 yards away, I can't believe that, that, oh wait, I saw you there as a child and now you're still here. Yeah. Life is magic. Amazing. Vincent Price. We saw some Vincent Price movies then I did. He was in the Fly, the first fly, which I saw back then. Oh, I think I saw him in a Ralph's later. You know, my God. You saw Vincent Price at a Ralph's? I do believe so. I think I went up to him desk. Yes. He was, You know, picking out melons or something from Turkey. Yeah. He was a good chef. You know, Thank God it's too bad. Bill Hater isn't here because he does, bill Hater Does, I love his Bill Hater does the best Vincent Price of all.


And he'd be going, You know, he'd, I don't do it, but he'd be here doing Vincent Price at a Ralph's. We Should Remind him of that. Yeah. You know, we should do, we will be seeing him soon. We should remind him of that. 'cause Vincent Price at a Ralph's. And I used to, You know, when I first moved out here to LA a long time ago in 1988, my brother Neil came out and visited me, and there was a Ralph's across the street, and he kept seeing all these huge star, he saw Cesar Romero. Oh, the Joker Joker. And he'd, and he'd come back and he'd go, I saw him. And I'm like, what is he, he was buying, he was buying dog food at, at Ralph's. He was always going to Ralph's. And he would hang out there and he would go right up to them and go, I loved you as the Joker. Or, I saw Harry Morgan from Mash and I, You know, Harry Morgan, You know, and then he would always tell me what they were buying.


You know, he was buying a giant thing of beans, You know, it always never matched. Like I saw Cher, what was she getting? Industrial strength, toilet cleaner. Oh, oh, oh. I didn't wanna know that. She would never, she would never, she would never, I was so crazy about the FI hadn't met anybody famous or who was in movies when I was a kid. And the first couple of brushes I had, Who did I first We were, we went to a, on a vacation and who was staying at this hotel was Darren Mcg. Oh my God. Oh my God. He was great. Of a night stalker. Yes. I was like, do you think we'll see him at breakfast? Well, I, I, I do. You know, I never went up to him, but I was just, when, when are we gonna see him again?


You know, he's the dad Christmas story in Christmas story. He's the dad. Oh, he's, but he's also one of the great, he's also in the natural. Yeah. Obviously he is. He's one of the villains in the natural Fun guy in the, And, and, and, but he, he did, I think maybe my favorite show as a kid. Oh, col Check was, well, he played Carl Kch in The Night Stalker, which was the scariest show on television. It only ran, I mean, maybe it ran two seasons if that, it was not a success, but it was such a scary show. I have that on DVD. Do you? No, it's, it's fantastic. My God. It's fantastic. I've Never seen them. I don't know. The, and, and Darren Mcg was, was fantastic.


And I got to, I don't think he ever did my show, but I got to meet him once and yeah. My soul left my body. I was so excited. I couldn't believe I was meeting him. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. So, yeah, I'm back in this movie now and Yeah. Coming out June 10th, you brought, brought it up. That's your, that's your from, I love that you went. So anyway, back in this movie and well, duh da da da. June 10th. You brought it up. I just, I love that. I was Just trying to remember where we got off that. Yeah. But next on my list was Diary of a Madman, Vincent Price and Tomb of La Gia. He was, he was a big deal to us. You know, some of those. Roger CORs. I was a teenage Frankenstein. I was a teenage werewolf. They two ha two horrible movies, but interesting ego.


Did Anyone ever do I was a teenage teenager. I'm just curious. So Vincent be kind of meta, but I do It. That's a good idea. That's a billion Dollar is a teenager who then like, did, turns into a teenager who's just slightly older. He's like 15 and he turns 17. He turns into a 16-year-old. Oh, okay. He's a 15-year-old. And he goes in a corner and it's like, nah. And then he comes out and he's a, he's a 16-year-old. He can legally drive, but doesn't know how to Yeah. He can legally drive, but he can't. But he has the same amount of acne. What a terrible movie. I think it's a great movie. And I've got the right, okay. No one's gonna fight you. No. Yeah. Well, you, you can have them. I remember when TV shows would come out, what you were talking about when, You know, the new Lineup.


Boy, I loved Friday nights when, when Wild, wild West would come On. Yes. Huge. Oh boy. Robert Conrad and Ross Martin who played, yep. Ross Martin. Damnit, Artemis Gordon. Artemis Gordon. Art Gordon. Yeah. King Kong versus We Left that open for you. So I know, I know. Don't take it. What really? What? No, I, I don't know. How About Jigo? Nobody knows the movie. I don't know. Jackie Gleason. Jackie Gleason. He plays a Mute Dead kind of a village idiot. Oh, it's great. The first movie I ever cried at. Oh, I get, it's heartbreaking. Yeah. I'm crying hearing about it. That's, I I you're mentioning a bunch of movies that had a huge impact that I don't know. You'll Know this one. Jason and the Argonauts. Yes. Course. Oh, that Ray Harryhausen Stop motion stuff.


Yeah. Magical Day. Magical Day. Vertigo. Did see the first Run of Vertigo. Maybe my favorite Hitchcock movie. Speaking of Hitchcock, You know, vertigo. I don't, it's not my favorite. Really? Yeah. I'm sorry. It's Not Bernard Herman does the score. Wonderful. Music from that. But why don't you like Vertigo? I, I didn't say I didn't like it. No, I just, of of the Hitchcock films. What's your favorite hit? Hitchcock. Wow. It's gotta be psycho. I also like Strangers on a Train. Oh, That, that's, that's yester year. Yeah. That's interesting. Oh, yeah. I Farley Granger. Farley Granger was in that. I I met Farley Granger. You Can't just say a name twice and have it have more impact. Yes. Can Farley Granger. Farley Granger.


Farley Granger. I think He's proven that he can, You'd be great If you, I think you'd be a great prosecuting attorney. Yeah. Because you'd say, You know, the killer is of course. Steve Miller. Steve Miller. And people would be like, well, he's gotta be guilty. He said his name twice. Steve Miller from the band. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I just threw a name out there. Oh, yeah. That's a common name. He's not suspicious in any way. He's the Gangster of love. He's gotta be guilty. Right. Oh God. That's true. That's, that's true. Stand by that. What were we talking about? Oh yeah. What were we talking about? Whose name You were you were listing? Oh, Farley Granger. Yeah. Yeah. You know who in introduced me to Farley Granger? Shelly Winters, whom I met on this movie called Next Stop Grand Village that Paul Maki directed in 1975.


Brian, I came out here and we were kind of palsy Shelly Wi Winter's lovely Woman. She Was lovely. Lovely. Wow. What'd she, She was on our show in the early years, and I loved her because I knew her mostly from Poseidon Adventure. I Know that one. Oh, that's fantastic. You know, she was, she was the, in the Poseidon Show, but she was also in Lolita. She's great. Oh, she's great in Lolita. She's great. And I play plays in the Sun. Yeah. With Montgomery Clifton and Liz Taylor. Spectacular. Hey, did you ever, did you ever meet Liz Taylor? I did not meet Liz Taylor. No. I knew, I knew Liz Taylor. Oh, really? Yeah. Yeah. What was she like? Spectacular. Spectacular. She, yeah. She was one of those people. There's a, there's a, it all depends on when you get into show business and I, You know, you need to get in at the, I I missed, You know, I, I, I shouldn't say that.


I got to meet all these amazing people who then passed away. It makes me sound like a killer. I met them and then they were gone. Suspicious. Hey. But, but before that. But I will say that, You know, there were all these great stars that passed away, You know, before I came along in 93. And you think of the, You know, all the great, so many great stars from the, she had not passed away, but refused to take my calls. Elizabeth Taylor. Right. Wisely, very wisely. Don't blame her. No. Right. Who were you talking? Oh, so Shelly Winters, who was in place in the sun. Yeah. And also, what did she win the Oscar for? As supporting actress as they were called in those days. What did she win for? She won for Why?


You become an evil German scientist. What Did she Win for? You'll tell us. Just let me, you'll Not leave until you tell us what fund Supporting Stein. What was it? Very good patch of blue. Oh, okay. Patch of blue with Elizabeth Hartman and Sidney Poitier. And The prisoner says, patch of blue. And he goes, ah, okay. You are, you are the first.


I'm putting that down because I milkie go. Did you, did you park your in our lot? 'cause we validate. Yeah, I did. Okay. Well, hole. Oh God. The guy completely loses his fervor. That's right. Patch of blue. Oh, okay. So you, you go out the way you came, oh God, just take the elevator. I'm crying. Do you want me to validate that? Very good. Yeah. I'm adding patch of blue. 'cause I'd forgotten it because we saw lilies of the field. And guess who's coming to dinner? Dinner All in the Sidney Poitier category in any case. So Shelly Winters took me to Musso and Frank's for the first time.


Oh my God. That is the ultimate meal experience Empire And Farley Granger. Oh my God. My God. Yep. Wow. She said, get the sand dabs. Sand dabs are, they're known for their sand dabs. Nobody else serves sand dab. You know what the fish sand dabs are The sand at muo francs. You can get the sand dabs still. What is it? I fish Kind of, kind Of fish Kind of fish that you get. Okay. It's been fried, often Fried, the fried sand dabs kind of a soul of a, a variation of soul, I do believe. Hmm. I just, those, I mean, I live for those experiences. I live for the idea that you would see an iconic star in a restaurant and you would end up hanging out with them. You know, someone you grew up watching on TV and Yeah. I was at a some restaurant once and Warren Beatty was at another table.


And the next thing You know, I got invited over and I'm sitting with Warren Beatty and he's, I mean, I, Bonnie and Clyde was such a huge deal to me. Saw Free Stern With my family. Yeah. And, and then I'm sitting there with him and I just can't believe it. I'm supposed to play it cool. But then you can't because it's too big a moment. Amazing. Just too big To totally amazing splendor in the grass. Even before Bonnie and Clyde, my parents and I went to, we were in New York City, and I think we went to Radio City musical Hall, saw the Rockettes and saw Splendor in the Grass with him. And I think maybe Natalie Wood. Amazing. Wow. Yeah. I saw the Rock, I saw The Rockettes, but I was 50 yards away.


I was in Shrubb. God just peering at God. Such A creep up the catwalk. I'm the only guy that watches the rock Cats from a distance peering buy a ticket. Yeah. No, no, no. I have my own way. I like to do it. Doesn't do anything for me. Yeah. I gotta wait till all of them come out together into that field. And I'll be behind those shrubs over there. What? How are you gonna get them all out here? We only have a salt lake. We'll get 'em out there. A salt lake. You lit up. Look, I, we, I have to wrap this up. No, you Mustn't. I be you. I Thank You Don Dream expects a five hour podcast. We can do this. It's okay. Fine. Okay. We'll do it. We all need to be rehydrated.


No, I just wanna, it's my God, I wanna get the word out. And because this podcast, I'm not gonna brag. You can brag. A lot of people hear this podcast. Oh yeah. 43 million, I believe is the viewership, is the, why don't, You know, in Hawaii alone. And so what I'm saying, that's just on Maui. Everybody, 43 million. Listen, five Times I read 43 million US Very success. It's not for me to say, let's Not fact check That it's 43 million's. Just say Yeah. No reason to look into it. Totally. But the point is, a lot of people hear it. True. And so when I say Jurassic World Dominion, Jurassic World Dominion is coming out. That's, and that you are reprising your role as Dr. Ian Malcolm that is going to pack the theaters alone.


That Alone, beautiful. That's big. No one else would watch it. Otherwise. You're Very, I appreciate you saying that very, because that's what they've sent me. That's what I'm represent. You know, I represent a a lovely company of investors and people and All right, let's not turn this into a money thing. Right. No one, no. Emotionally. Emotionally. They invested. There you go. Colin Truva, the director, Stephen Spielberg is still at the, at the Oh. At top of the pyramid. Oh, yes. God fathering this all the way through. Let's be honest, you are the butts in seats of this movie. Yeah, Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm People are gonna say it. Yeah. Yeah. I I that's what I, that's how I felt. Yeah. And as much as everyone else was spectacular, but I, you and one of the dinosaurs really can't remember which one. It was one of the Velociraptors Velociraptors.


It would be great If you got everybody back except one Velociraptor held out. Like, fuck it. The Robert Duvall. I was gonna Say Robert Duval godfather. That's right. Fuck it. You meet my price or I'm not showing up. Ah, that's, that's right. Can I just take a second to share my notes for this, this episode of the podcast? Yes. Yes. Perfect. Perfection. Erotic ideal. Yep. Wow. There we go. Was just what Wow. Today was, there We go. That really was, Yeah. I got to, we should do I have, we have many more hours of, You know, you Have to come, you have to come back because my time with you is, is serious. I'm gonna be sincere. And it's hard for me to do that. But you're one of my favorite people.


You really are. You too. Me. And I just absolutely love talking to you. And it is, whenever we're together, Whether it's been on the show or this podcast, it is unlike any other experience I have. And it means a lot to me. And so when I heard that, that you were gonna come in and inaugurate our new studio, my head blew up. It exploded. Well, me too. I've been looking forward to, to this terrifically. And these are my favorite, these are peak experiences for me. And people come up to me on the street anecdotally and say, you and Conan, you and Conan, you and Conan. See, we gotta do Something. Yeah, they do. Well, I think so too. I've been screen tested and apparently it's not good. It won't be a film, but maybe an animated project.


Something where my face is mostly hidden And you're singing authentically a lot. I like that. The, and I just saw a, a documentary about, or some kind of thing about talk show, the history of talk shows and the current Oh yeah. Did you see this one? There are many of 'em. I don't, I don't watch those. I I love them all. Yeah. And this one particularly said, here's why amongst the current crop in the last, in the last few decades, co Conan O'Brien reigns supreme. He's cracked the code. And why he's at the pinnacle of what this needs to be right now. Whoa. Et cetera, et cetera. Well, my name, are you uncomfortable? No, I'm not uncomfortable. Okay. I just don't believe that that exists.


They're talking about this Conan O'Brien. No, he makes it and he makes it again. Why? It's an Irish. It's an Irish Conan O'Brien. This guy makes A very good case for exactly why. It's a very aite. And there Is a guy named Conrad o' Ryan in Dublin, who's huge. And he's really cracked a code. That's very cool. Very nice. Well, It's true. It's true. It's true. Well, Jeff and you all together, I mean, I'm really star struck with all of you. This Oh, come on. Stop it. Obsessive, obsessive. You pronounced my name, right? Sas. I, I, there should be a, a, a, a perfume, not obsession, but obsession. Ah, I'm wearing the new, What do you look like that's gonna smell like garlic? Yeah, I was gonna say, And goly and lamb and gourley.


Is it, what's, how do you say, what's that vowel exactly? Is it gore? Gore? Like, like gore. Like gore. Gourley. Goly. Yeah. Although When I went to Ireland, they said it's goly. Ah, goly. Is he really? Well, they were just saying, you seem kind of girly. Yeah. I thought think so. That's, you seem girly to me. Yeah. I said it's girly 'cause No, it's girly. Justin Ho walking down this street and it was girly. Well, You two, you three have made me very, very happy for many hours. We'll Continue to be, you have delighted us. You're coming back For I want to, I, I want to, along with, You know, I've seen every single schlansky. Oh my God. Every single schlansky. Really? Really?


No. We, I laugh Out loud over and over again. See them Multiple times. No, no. And it's all true. That's the one thing I've been in. I've been in the darkest regions, darkest, most remote corners of the world. And people will literally come out from behind a rock I and say, Schlansky. Yeah. Is he being real? I know. And I'll go, yes, he's being real. And then they go back under the rock. You're you're never funnier. When, when, when he's driving. You mad. It's just great. Oh my God. Well, anyway, I gotta get it back. You know what? I could go on Mr. Goldblum, Mr. Jeff Goldblum. You're the finest man that ever lived. Conan Christopher O'Brien. Oh my God. Wow. Yes. You are the finest man That's ever lived. Alright. No, you're better. Yeah. Sorry. You're better. I'm taking you to a Sizzler.


We're going, let's go. Lang Guino. Linos Gus, Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye.


Oh, oh my God. Oh, man. I do a lot of traveling. Yeah. I you do You know that I, how I do the travel shows? Nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, is it T-Mobile customer? You can take the perks with you. That's good. Isn't that nice? It starts the moments you take off with free in-flight wifi. So you can stream your favorite show on the go. Obviously that would be this show, I would think. Yeah. You, You go in a plane and then you stream your podcast. If I'm anxious about a flight, the thing that calms me is seeing myself. And then when you land, T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands. Did You know that? No. Yep. Plus you're covered with five gigabytes, count 'em five of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with go 5G plus or next plans. And I have to tell you, it's a nice feeling when I travel the globe for my travel work, I like to know that when I land in that other country, I'm covered. I'm there. Yeah. I can text you and say, Hey, I got here safely. Yeah. I forgot to feed my cat. Could you feed my cat? Oh yeah. You could remind me. I don't have a cat. Right? It's all good stuff. Yeah. You FaceTimed me before from another country and it was crisp. She was clear. Yep. You could see every mark on my face. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel qualifying plan required wifi where available on select US Airlines terms and conditions apply.


This message is brought to you by BetterHelp. Quick question. Who's your support system? Have they changed your life? You know, it's, it's really important to talk to people. We live in very tense times. Yeah. And there's a lot of stress out there. And it, I think few things work better than talking to someone, getting the anxieties and everything that's inside of you out. Get it out on the table. Think about your favorite leaders, mentors, idols. They don't have all the answers, but they do know when to ask questions or seek support from their community. So therapy can be a source of support for any area of your life. It's time to shift the focus from doing it all to knowing that we're better when we ask for help. You good at that? Sonic good at asking for help. Asking for Help. Yeah. I'm a very outward person. That's Yes, you are. Yeah. And it's a good, but that's a good quality. BetterHelp is fully online making therapy affordable and convenience. Serving over 5 million people worldwide. You can access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credential therapists with a wide range of specialties. Easy switch therapists, anytime at no extra cost. And that's important. Yeah, it is. You don't feel awkward about moving on if it's not the right fit. Yeah. This month, BetterHelp is giving you the biggest discount on starting therapy that has ever been offered on this show. 90% off your first week. Your wellbeing's worth it. So don't miss it For a limited time, visit BetterHelp dot com slash conan to get 90% off your first week. That's BetterHelp. HE p.com/conan.


We have to just take a second here. And wallow in the joyousness of Jeff Goldblum. And we never do this. We, we talk to the guests, then we move on with matters. But Jeff Goldblum came in here. He is a, a just an, an energy field. He is calming, but also innovating at the same time. He, You know, he electrifies solidifies. There's no compromise. I have real nice thighs. He's, he's Abso No, no. He's in, he's incredible. He does it. He's, he's one of my, I gotta say. And, and I was really looking forward to seeing him today and then to see how happy he was to see you.


Matt Gourley and you Sonam of cse. He knew you as people. He didn't as human beings. Yeah. And You know, a lot of celebrities, they come in and they're like, oh my God, it's Conan. It's Conan. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. And never Heard that. I've never heard anybody say, oh my God, it's Conan. I've never heard. I know. I keep trying to get them to say it. I know. I have a cue card. I hold up, I think, and they, Kato Kalen was the only one that Came. Kato Kalen was said it. Yeah. But he was testifying. Oh. But no, but no, but that's Not funny. But anyway, no murders. Please murder when time passes. Murders are okay. Okay. To laugh about. Anyway, my point is that, You know, he saw me as a human being, not as some godlike creature.


And, and he was so thrilled to see you guys as well. Oh Man. He's a human electrolyte. He just gives you energy, like you were saying. And he, and we know that he listens to all these segments and stuff. So this is as much for him that Yeah. How much we love him. Jeff, we absolutely love you. We know that he he is, he is, he listens to the podcast. So unless he's an incredible con artist who paid someone to listen. 'cause he said, I can't, I, I can't listen to that crap. Oh, oh, no, no, no. He, he, unless he paid someone to listen and take notes, I could put a test in there. Jeff, if you're listening this to prove it, come over to my house and watch some James Bond movies with me. Oh, What Nat, that got sad quick. Yeah. Just please come over. Yeah, I Know.


That's better. Do you, Do you have friends? Oh God, no. You don't? No. Not a one that Just occurred to me. I don't know If you have friends and you have people that you podcast with and you shuttle from place to place podcasting with people you may not really know well on a human level, but do you have friends that come over and do the things that you like to do? Yeah. I'm a human being. Well, I, I don't know. Yeah. I've never heard you reference a friend. Do You really think he didn't have any Friends? I don know. I, You know, that I have friends. Well Now Jeff Goldblum's my friend. So I do have a friend. Oh, well Now I'm, now I'm not sure either. Huh? You're not sure? Yeah. Jeff, come on, let's prove these, these kn heads are all people heads wrong? Your friends Are all people you saw on TV and movie when you were kids in your mind.


I'm Et Yeah. Last night I had dinner with Gumby Gumby. This is Supposed to be a Jeff Gold bloom praise session. Yeah, that's True. True. I love him so much. Yeah. He doesn't have to know who we are. You know, it's interesting Matt. And he does ask that says A lot about that. Lemme ask you a question, ladies. Love that man. Love Him. And I understand because You know, again, we have a similar frame. Okay. Don't do that. Don't do that. I don't understand. Before you go down that road. No. But when I don't understand, Like, not, I can handle it. I can handle it. Why is it that the, that there's a fork in the road. Confide, You know, swagger. Yeah. Ease. You know how like At a time Porsche and Volkswagen had the same engine?


That's the difference We're talking about. It's, he it's also, it's like He's chill. No, I can handle it. I really wanna know. He's, he is a chill person who seems very comfortable in his skin and very confident. Not that you're not, but it seems like he's been that way much longer than you have. I No, no. And I'm, you went through a very like awkward phase where you were like, Ooh, I don't like myself. No. Was that that was, that was, that Was me. No, but what I'm saying is that it does, it does amaze me that he does have something that I wish I had that I don't have. Oh, me too. You know? And, and I'm being completely honest, he has, he does have an ease and he's always in the center. He's always centered.


I think that's incredible to be centered like that all the time. And he's, he's like a tuning fork that's perfectly vibrating with the universe. Yeah. And I feel like I'm a, You know, like a You're just a fork. Yeah, like a fork. Yeah. That was eating clams. But someone didn't wash it afterwards and then it fell in some sand and it's got some clam juice and sand on it. It's Pretty good. Yeah. Do you think we like him? 'cause he is nice to us. Oh, right. Maybe If you tried being nice to me and Matt, then we would like mom, maybe still not that you, You got a paycheck. Right? That's not being nice to someone. You got a paycheck. You, I'm your employee. That doesn't mean you're nice to me. It's kinda worse because it's like you're paying her to be belligerent.


You. The fact that you even thought about, do you Make a, do you do okay with me? I Do. Yeah, I do. Would you say that? I mean, are there a lot of other people just sending you money besides me? Nobody Else is. Okay. You're my job. I'm guy then I'm a good guy and I'm your friend. No. You Know, that doesn't sound how nice this works. It's not transaction. Whatcha are you talking About? Jeff Golum asks nothing and gives everything. You are, You get a paycheck from you. You, you Are you point at me. Are you missing? You profit from me as well In, in a roundabout way. I do. Yes. In a roundabout way. Full. Okay. I didn't realize that you were just here on a voluntary basis. No, I've seen you driving since the podcast blew up and suddenly you're driving a Bentley. No. Yes. You're driving a Bentley on, You know, just on Hollywood Boulevard.


Yeah. You know, and classic Girls. Yeah. And, and oh, your license plate suddenly Pod King and you're driving around. You guys have both Pod King is seven letters. Yeah. We say, and your kids wear these like crazy satin outfits that you have handmade for them now that the podcast blew up. And so both of you have, your lives have been changed by knowing me, which means, oh my God, you have to like me, God, that you have to, You know, that's not how it worked. It Should work that way. You Know, can't buy a friendship. That's Not how it works. Just you can. No you can't. That's why I moved to Los Angeles. But You can, no, you can. Sonia and I are friends. All of my friends. I genuinely like Me. All of my friends work for me.


And I'm very comfortable with that because if any of them piss me off, I can terminate that friendship very easily. And you wonder why we like Jeff Goldblum more than you. I still don't understand it. He's my Favorite tall person. Yeah. And he's just exudes this like sense of ease. And You know what? He doesn't have to pay me for me to like him. Yeah. And that says a lot. Hmm. This is interesting. I have to look more into this, Into friendship. Just into the concept of being nice. He Leads with love. You lead with fear. Yes. Yes. No, Stalin did that. Yeah, I know. He Controlled Stall it. Stalin, Joseph Stalin Dictator. Oh. So now we're gonna to rip on Joseph Stalin.


You know, I love how there's no sacred mustache. There's no sacred cows anymore. Everybody gets torn down. Everybody gets torn down. Abl. And now it's Joseph Stalin. Not Jeff Ggl. Jesus. No one's safe in this hypersensitive era. Jeff Glum is, He's an angel. Yeah. He's an absolute angel. Such he other world. A sweet person. He Might Be an alien. And he is, You know, he is, I, You know, we should stick to landing on this. He is such an unusually, he's, he's an unusual person. There's no one else quite like him. And I do have to tell you that when I, in my travels, people always bring up to me, oh my God, I love it. When Jeff Goldblum is on the podcast or he is on the show, he brings an energy that immediately transforms the experience.


I think we all are changed by him when we're in his, he creates like a biosphere, a Jeff Goldblum biosphere. That's very enjoyable. Yeah. Yeah. And he, he remembers everybody. Yeah. He's just, he like, when he looks at you, he looks at you and he knows your name and he remembers you. And that goes a long way. Yeah. But I don't, again, I have a list of all the employees I can consult. I, I don't think you my name. I can go to Jeff Ross. I can go to Jeff Ross now. I don't need to. You do. All I have to do is go to Jeff Ross or Adam Sacks and say the guy with the, You know, he's kind of a hipster and he lives in Pasadena. And they'll be like, yeah, Matt Gorley. And I'll be like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Anyway, tell him I wished him a happy Christmas.


I gotta get outta here. My helicopter, my helicopter's waiting. It's may Wait. What? Yeah, My helicopter's waiting. It's your helicopter. Your Helicopter Is ill. Yeah. What? Wait, what? How does the helicopter No, but mine is different. Mine runs on pure malice. It's very eco-friendly. It's super Pervy. Somehow Helicopter. It Is. Wow. Mr. O'Brien, you must really hate people. Today we've got 600,000 miles.


I just get in it and put an electrode on my head and Flies behind. Who are you mad at? And it leaves a noxious cloud of just Oh my God. Yeah. Pure bad intent behind me, Metaphorically. That's what's going on here. Oh, Yeah. All right. Well, anyway, Jeff Goldblum, If you're listening right now. Yes. Naked in the Lotus position. What? As you, as you meditate as he does every night. Okay. We love you. We do. We love you. See you next week at my house for James. Oh man. Let's cut it there. Okay. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sono of Cession and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gourley, executive, produced by Adam Sacks, Joanna Soff, and Jeff Ross at Team Coco and Colin Anderson and Cody Fisher at Earwolf Theme song by the White Stripes, incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino.


Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aren Blair, and our associate talent producer is Jennifer Samples Engineering by Will Becton. Additional production support by Mars Melnick, talent Booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista, and Brit Conn. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan? Call the Team Cocoa Hotline at 3 2 3 4 5 1 2 8 2 1 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode, and If you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend on Apple Podcasts, Stitcher, or wherever fine podcasts are downloaded.


This has been A team cocoa production in association with Ill Wolf.


Every sandwich has bread, every burger has a bun, but these warm, golden, smooth steam bun, these are special reserved for the very best, the phileo fish and you, you can have them too, And you can have it all at two for $6. Like a phileo fish, big Mac, 10 fee's, big nuggets or large fries, limited time only. Price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.