
You wanna watch your favorite TV shows and movies on a TV whose clarity, color, and contrast really shines through. You need Samsung ed? Yeah. No, it's not some Swedish monster. It's Ed. Let's Samsung Ole Mercy with unbelievable details and picture quality. Their AI powered processor. Upskills your favorite movies and shows in brilliant 4K resolution. So even old content looks amazing. And our podcast has never looked better. I've seen my podcast in Samsung. oled, my face comes out through the screen. Oh, I'm there with you. Don't be afraid. That's what I really look like. This is the only OLED TV validated by the industry leading color experts at Pantone. So you can experience colors as they're meant to be seen. They know colors at Pantone. One of my big pet peeves when watching TV is glare. I hate glare. I hate it too. Yeah. I have to wear sunglasses sometimes when I'm watch tv. But the oled, that doesn't make sense. S nine five D has OLED glare free technology so you can watch with almost no glare. You know, I'm a big gamer. I love me games. Yeah, I love my games. I love Sizzle Busters. I love playing Cosel Sizzle. Coel Sizzle. Oh, I'm really good at that one. And I got to level nine. I visited the planet of Jabali. That's why I'm excited that the Samsung OLEDs Motion Accelerator delivers ultra smooth 144 hertz motion. And the AI Auto Game Motel is your game settings to its genre. My video game skills, I've never looked better experience to be the way it's meant to be seen with Samsung oled. Visit samsung.com/oled to learn more. Upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experience may vary according to types of content and format.


High Five Casino lets you play your favorite slots and live table games like blackjack. You love blackjack, Sona, I do with the chance to redeem for real cash prizes. Yeah. Yeah. I love blackjack. you get to go Hit me. Hit me. Yeah. And stay. And yeah. And stay. That's the other one. Yeah. I stay. Yeah. Good. Good one. Yeah. High Five Casino has a giant selection of over 1200 games, including hundreds of exclusive games only found on High Five Casino. It's always free to play and free coins are given out every four hours. You can tell time by it. Ready to have your own high five moment. Hmm. Nicely done, copywriter. Visit high five casino.com. That's high. The number five casino.com. No purchase necessary void. Where prohibited by law must be 21 years or older terms and conditions apply.


Okay. Hello, my name is Jeff Bridges. And I. Feel very open. Very A lot of love, man. A lot of love feelings are surfacing now about being Conan O'Brien's friend and being here with him. Actually. Good Lord. This is the most thoughtful. Well, I'm beautiful. You're just a, you're a lovely, you're a lovely guy. Thank you, man. I feel the same about you. I mean, I can't remember all the times that we've encountered each other over My, I've come into your house plenty of times at night when you're sleeping.


Oh, And I. Just that was You. That's me. Yeah. And I always take, I always take a little something when I go, but you leave a little something too. I leave a little something too Fall here. Back to school. Ring Bell shoes. Walking. loose the fence. And. I friends. Hey there. Welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a friend joined by my stalwart Companions, Sonna of Obsession. Hey Sona. Hello. And of course Matt Gorley.


That's the name. Yes. I just wanted to You got it. I just need your social security numbers now. And then I can steal your health insurance. I wanna bring up something to Sona, which is over the years, I guess it's become well known Sona that you are my assistant and that you are Armenian. Yes. People just come up to me now wherever I am. Yeah. In any situation. And say, Conan, I'm Armenian. But if and I know to say, because I've, we went to Armenia together. Oh, inch Ec And. then We are everywhere. Everywhere. But the, the thing is, it's almost like if, if other people around and they're like, ah, is it a urinal? I'll leave him alone.


No. Armenians just are like, and I'm, I I don't mind it. I love them. They're very nice. But I'm starting to notice that they will crash through a wall if I'm alone in a room and go Conan re I'm like, Hey, whoa. Inch. I will say, I mean, just my experience is we're not great with, with boundaries. Right. And we don't take pick up on like, social cues of when it's okay and not okay to say it. Well it's always And I think they're really excited to See you. They're excited and they always want to hear like how Sona is doing. They wanna know how you're doing. But then don don't imagine that's the case. Maorian. Yeah. Oh, Maorian. Yeah. Gregorian G Go. I just said Matt Gorian. I I just wanted to tweak it a little.


I wanted to punch it up. Yeah. It's G Gorian. But though then they ask, they want to know all about you And I say you've got these, you know these twin boys? Yeah. They wanna know, you know, they're always very interested in the fact that who Did you marry And. I say like, relax. He's Armenian. Yeah. Do they So They, don't get mad at me If you tell them their na, because I am a little self-conscious that I name them such American names. Do they like look? Ugh, of course. Mikey and Charlie. No, I never bring that up. 'cause I think they might not like it. Oh, really? Yeah, because, well, I, I never say because I was surprised when you told me when you said the, the twins are born. This is like three years ago now. I was so excited and I said, I'm downstairs.


Can I come up at the hospital? And you said, I'd rather you didn't just leave whatever gifts you have. And I was like, well, that's weird. I drove all the way. Has anyone cut the umbilical cord yet? Yeah. I really thought I'd be in a, a big part of the And you made it very clear, I should just get back in my car and leave. But no, I was, and then I said, what are your kids' names? And you went, Mikey and Charlie And. I thought it was gonna be, you know, guru The Intru? No, no. The Intru. Well, what's wrong with that? First of all, it sounds like that's, you're right. Gru. The Intru. That's right. You're rubish. I went through it. How about, that's What's wrong with this. Yeah. Gimme the names that they could have been Like Arman and Raffi or Ke Fuck Art.


Art is tax name. There you go. Yeah. Yeah. Art Doc jr Pod our Air. Air AirPod. Air AirPod. Hovanis Hovan AirPods Max Car. Carvan Stefon Carvan Beats by D Dre. Yeah. God, what you guys Saying Vortex is Vortex. No, you, you wanna keep trying? I think we should. Yes. I think you're trying to say you should stop now. Yeah. Nobody, but unfortunately you said, do you think we should keep trying? Right. Which makes me wanna go Gral. Okay. Okay. But anyway. No, but do you get some flack in the Armenian community for naming them? Mikey and Charlie, they, They go to an Armenian school and a lot of the parents name their kids Armenian names.


And then I just see Charlie and Mikey and I'm like, we, I think we let our people down a little bit. You know, also, you talk on that song since they were very little. We must assimilate, assimilate, assimilate. We must assimilate That song. It's a Mr. Roger Shed our immigrant pass. We must Asim Asim. And I was like, why are you teaching them this? Oh my God. Shed our immigrant pass. That's The song you taught them. And tack plays it on the guitar. We must assimilate, assimilate. Assimilate. We must assimilate. And Ched our immigrant past ch our immigrant past Ched. Our immigrant past. So going My, as far as anybody knows, we are little Dutch boys.


I just think it was a weird song to teach your children at such a young age. I know, But they should assimilate. Right? Yeah. I don't know. It's Good. It's fine. I think I always feel badly for my mom because I think deep down she really wanted us to be the kind of kids that could go to a country club and Oh, we just weren't, we were Irish pirates. And I used to just pretty much tell her that. Like, what are you talking about? We're just Irish. We're a hundred percent Irish. Yeah, We're bums. But She was an intellectual. Your dad is an intellectual I know But. it doesn't, it's, it was no. And then I know, my, my, my parents are very smart, accomplished people.


And then they had kids and we were like, ah, But. it kind of backfired on 'em. 'cause you are very intellectual, but in a way that probably infuriates This I know. Yes. I know. I Know. It's like some kind of Cassandra curse. Like be careful what you wish for. Yeah, yeah. Well, I, I don't know, something went horribly wrong, but, but I think I like Mikey and Charlie And. I do think they've grown into those names. They are Mikey and Charlie. That's Who they are Now. Do they have Armenian middle names? Yeah. Oh yeah. Hor and Tanya. You're halfway there. Ko I love that one. Kor. Yeah. And what's the other one, Tanya? I mean, it's Tanya. It's Daniel. Daniel, Yeah. Yeah. And what's Kor Gregory? Oh, oh, I named them after my grandparents.


Oh, You just forgot. Your grandparents are named Charlie and Mikey. Yeah. No, they're ton, they're my grandfather. Grandpa Mikey and Grandma Charlie. Oh, well, yeah. I'll never forget the day in 1907 when Mikey saw a beautiful Charlie walking down the lane carrying that basket of dried apricot. Oh, come on. C corn. C corn. My grandma went by Eddie. That was her name. Is That true? Yeah. What's her full Name? Why Eleanor. But Why Eddie? I don't know. To Be honest, my grandmother who lived with us for a while, who I think was born in 1890, so she really saw everything in a lifetime.


But her, we always knew her as ma. Her nickname was Maori And I. And we would say, why is your name? What, what does everyone call you Maori And? it was because there was a comic book, a a comic strip when she was about eight years old of about a mule named Ma that would kick. And at the playground she once kicked like, some boys were bothering her and she was kicking at them and they called her ma. And so a hundred years later we're saying, Hey ma, past the salt. I'm, what's Her real Name? I'm shocked you guys weren't country club people. Yeah. I know you Mule damaged Lineage. Yeah. What's her real name?


Yeah, It was Ruth. Ruth, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Which was my mom's name too. And I. Didn't know that. Yeah. That's cool. So, Oh, so she, that's your mother's mother And they did Like Yes. My mother's mother and, and, but we female junior. She was named after, she was named after this kicking mule in a comic strip that was popular in, you know, 1900 or 1898. And then it stuck like one day on the playground. Yeah. Yo real Maori that one. And then cut to, you know, us a hundred years later. Not a hundred years, but whatever. 85 years later.


You called Her by her nickname though. You didn't call her grandma. Her grandma. We called her Ma. Okay. And my, and we called our grandfather, my mother's father Hofer. And because, okay. No, that's true because he as a young man, he was a policeman in Worcester, Massachusetts who directed traffic. But he knew like one dance step. And people were like, yeah, you're a real hoer. And that kicker over there is a real Maori. And so we called them Hoer and Maori. And then the one day we go to enlist at the country club, they're like, well, tell us a little bit about yourself kid Hey, there are six of you. You seem to have been born three months apart and your shirts are all torn.


Tell us about yourself. Well, grandmother's money after the kicking mul. And our cop grandfathers called HofA because he knew a dad step. He used to kick the Winos with it. All. right. Well there's this backdoor here you can use. What should I tell my mother? Should I tell her that we're in and we can come here and eat peanut butter and jams sandwiches? No. Get the fuck outta here. Do you wanna hear about my other grandfather's shity? Get Out. Get out.


All. right. I'm Dying. And by the way, God rest your souls. Shity. Hey Shity. Get over here. What did they call him? Shity. Hey, took a shit when World War. I was declared he shit his pants. 'cause he knew he had to fight. So we call him Shity. Say hello to j Schekman. Shity. Once your, who did he marry? He married. Oh fuck it. Oh, Fuck it. Yeah, she was three in 1850. She banged her shit on a stool. Ah, fuck it. So, ah, fuck it Sy.


So about this country club application, where do I sign and where do my 15 brothers and sisters sign who are all born the same day? And where do we check inbred? Hey, is that a golf course? Can we play? We've got hockey sticks. I can breathe Quick. Apology to my family. It's too late. We're throwing you all on late. The bus late. Hey, late. My guest today, my guest today is an Academy Award-winning actor. Oh my God. Why?


The chasm between the shit We talk about the chasm between how low we are and the quality of the people that come here. It's like our first guest won the Nobel Peace Prize. My guest today is an Academy Award-winning actor who has starting such films as Tron Ironman and the Big Lebowski. Now you can see him in the FX series. The old man. I really do love this show. I'm glad it's back. I'm thrilled he's here today. Jeff Bridges. Welcome. So I, you know, it's so funny because you've done so much incredible work and I've also thought about how I just have this bond with your family.


Because when I was a kid, they would show reruns a lot. And my brothers And I. There was one thing that we watched in the summer, And. it was, We would watch Sea Hunt. Exactly. Sea Hunt was on. And of course, your dad, the Great Lloyd Bridges was the star of Sea Hunt. And so I remembered when you first came on the scene, and I'd see you in movies and people, I would think of you as Lloyd Bridges. That's Lloyd Bridge's son, because he was on Sea Hunt. And that's the show we would, I would watch with my brother Neil and Luke, and we would watch Sea Hunt. And we just like, and and we thought that was the coolest show in the world. And of course we were watching it long after it had been on. We're watching it in the seventies.


Oh, Oh, right. No. Was the, the It was the late, the early sixties. Yeah. Now you've triggered a story. Story. That's what I do. I trigger people. You've triggered me. Okay. Sea hunt. You've mentioned Sea Hunt. Now this, this is also a plug for a fellow named Richard Peterson. Hmm. Okay. People can Google Richard Peterson's first movie, big City Dick. It's called. Oh, big City Dick Richard Peterson's first movie. That's the official title. And I met this fella maybe 30, 30 years ago in Seattle. I'm getting dressed to go down and do him this movie American Heart.


I hear this outside my window. I look out there and there's this ball kind of heavyset guy in a tight mattress, sport coat. And. it, it's like I know, I know. I go down there, I forget all about the guy. And he comes up to me and he goes, oh, Lloyd Bridge's son, son of Sea hunt, And I. Say, you got me. And then I realized what he was playing on his trumpet were his sea hunt music. Yeah. And he comes up to me and he says, these are the cues I need. The other cues, these cues. And I said, what is this? He says, the cues from Sea Hut.


You know, every time they go he saw it. Dun dun. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He would. So this fellow Richard Peterson is a savant. And his, his subject Sea hut. No. Yeah. All isn't that crazy. All music. And, And also what's crazy is his connection with you as, as mine was just like, like early, early on was through your dad. And then you've gone on to have this insane career But. it doesn't matter what you do to this guy, you'll always, the connection will always be Sea hunt son Love, sea hunt Song love, sea hunt. So now, years later, I'm about 20 years later, I'm doing a Seed biscuit in Pasadena.


I have a big suite of his piano in the room. And these guys come over and say, do you know Richard Peterson? We're some documentary film directors? The three of us have gotten together. And I said, oh yeah, I tell him this story. And they said, now Richard's downstairs. Can he come up? I said, oh, wonderful. I've always wanted, 'cause he is really a piano player. Yeah. I said, we got a piano. And we get down there and we start playing sea hunting music. You're playing the Stings to an early sixties television show. And that's hilarious. As I'm walking him out the door saying, Richard, you know, are you into jazz? 'cause it's kind of, you know, out there music you're playing and you like Thelonious Monk for instance.


And he looks at me. I dig Sea Hunt. Have you heard of Mozart? Yes. Was he on Sea hunt? Sea hunt, man. So sea hunt. No. Yeah. Yeah. It's wild. But you know, I don't know. I know that you, you're in the business. You did obviously some cameos on Sea Hunt with your brother Bo. And then I remember a movie came out that to this, I love this movie, Thunderbolt and Lightfoot and my, and my, my have you, you know this film? Yeah. Yeah. I love it. And it's Clint Eastwood. It's you, it's George Kennedy.


It's a great fucking movie. And I'm, I, I love that movie. And you are, you popped so much in that movie. You must have been a young kid at the time. Yeah. I can't remember how old I was, But I think it was the movies 1974. They probably shot it in 73. But yeah, you're just such a great character. Well, it was, it was Chao's. First movie, Michael Chimino, Michael Chao's, first movie. He's the guy who directed Heaven's Gate. Yep, yep. Completely different experience. You know, in Heaven's Gate we would do up to 60 takes, you know, But it, you know. But we're here, we're showing up. And I'm not sure if I really dug that approach because nobody, you never know.


You never know What it's gonna take. You know, are you in into it? You know? But with Thunderbolt and Lightfoot, Clint always only liked to do, you know, one take maybe two, you know? Yeah. And I was the kid who'd go up to Chima. And. I say, I got, oh, I'll have to ask the boss. And Clint would say, yeah, give the kid, Give the kid one more take. Yeah. but I, but that film is very close to my heart, because that's the first film I did in Montana. Yeah. And man, that's where we, I just came back from Montana, so I'm a little countrified. Right. Well, there's I know a movie's great when the loss of a character upsets me on an emotional level.


Or if a character's hurt, it upsets me. 'cause you know, there's a lot of violence. There's a lot of things that can happen in movies and television, and you just don't feel anything. And George Kennedy gives your character a beating And. it upset me because I was so invested in your character. And I. I thought that's a good movie. And that's a good, that's proof to me that the acting here is top level. When I'm upset. I mean, you see, if you, if you just casually watch anything, you'll see people getting the shit kicked outta them a million times. You're numb to it. but I I don don't know. I felt a real loss there when your character was, was beaten like that.


It just upset me. And. it still does. I'm smiling because I, it's funny, when I see movies that I'm in, they're like home movies. You know, I remember so many different things about it when I watch it. And as you're telling that story, my mind went like, very much like the Richard Peterson story. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Richard just shared with you, it was perhaps too long. Like a longer, and you edit this. Right. So, okay. No, just from you. Okay. Look, talk Longer. You Jeff, We'll just leave Jeff. I assure you, I assure you, this is all gold. This is a great day for me. Okay. I love that you're here.


Okay. You can do no wrong. Go Man. You're the dude. No, you know, I think we have to acknowledge you are the dude. And you know what's so crazy? You came on my show once and you were wearing sandals, jelly sandals. And then you revealed, these are the same ones you wore as the dude And I felt like I was in Rome watching, looking at like a religious icon. You know? It was just crazy that you had those and Yes. What not them. These Are my, these are my, these are my HOAs. You guys are hit the ho Those are the dudes. Two thousands, these sandals. Oh Yeah. The dude is, the dude is evolved. Oh man. The dude Evolved. Yeah. The dude So.


anyway, lemme, lemme The dude. That should be the new one. The dude of evolves. The dude evolves. There you go. It's all set up. Yeah. Loki too, right? Yeah. And, and in this one, In this, he's got a, he's pregnant with MOD's. Got a baby on his list. The stranger set It up. And the one, and the one difference is his, his footwear. It's still open towed But. it has more support. Orthopedic. It is orthopedic. That is right. Exactly. That's really the only difference. I like it. I like That. I, you know, I was gonna, oh, go ahead. Go ahead. Well, I, he had that story. Yeah, I was gonna tell the story. So what that triggered when you were talking about the Thunderbolt in life, but that scene that you're talking about, where I die in the car with Clint, I go up to Mike And.


I say, Mike Jimino. Mike Chimino. Yeah. I've got an idea in mine now. I can do this with my eye. I don't know where the camera's, you see. Oh yeah. See, see like that I can hold a half blank. Pretty good. See? Yeah. So I said to him, why don't we get a dentist? Because I'm supposed to die of a brain hemorrhage. Brain hemorrhage. You've been beaten really badly. And I. And Clint thinks you're gonna be okay. Yeah. I say, let's get a dentist up here and shoot me with Novocaine in the side of my face. And I'll go like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And he said, okay. So we did that And, it worked great.


And they, they lost the film. Oh, what? And we had to do the whole thing again. You know, I love being the who comes in and tells you that, oh man, you know, the thing where you dentist, the dentist has to come in. That's unbelievable because I, 'cause it's a very powerful ending where you think everything's okay, and then you realize that you're gone. Yeah. Man, I don't know what your approach is because I know, I know that you're a very philosophical person who thinks about things and doesn't take things for granted. I also happen to know that through your father, you learned like, this is a job. Do you know what I mean? You've gotta respect the crew. This is you. This is real work.


So you grew up with this great ethic and I. do you, do you have a perspective on your career? Because you've done so many ama you, you've been, how do you see it? Do you see it as like, I rode a wave. Do you see it as, I worked hard. I made good decisions. A mixture of both. Well, it's, it's quite amazing. You know, a friend asked me, what's it like to be famous? Kind of like, but you know, what do you, you know what? And I, I grew up with fame. You know, my dad was famous with sea hunt. You know, so it was kind of natural. And then the movie seems very, very natural thing. It doesn't seem anything too special about that.


Right. To me. But as I think about the movies, and I'm so fortunate to have discovered this camera, this wide luxe camera that my wife gave me on our first anniversary. And I've taken pictures while I'm doing the movies. And I look at those books and they're like, little lifetimes, you know, you remember all those intense relationships, you know, and then poof, it's gone. And they're, there's, that's how I, how I look back at it. Because you could have a very intense experience. You know, whether it's you're doing true grit or last picture show, or oh, whatever, whatever film you're doing, you have this.


It's, I, I cannot, it's crazy for me to try and compare. But the only thing that, that I can relate to a little bit is when I do comedy stuff or a show or travel to a different country, that's all. I'm in it a hundred percent. And then it's over and I'm gone. But there's a document afterwards. Yes. And later on I look at it, And I go, oh, that's right. I was in, I was in Cuba. Yeah. And, and what am I doing? I'm on a sea wall in Cuba and I'm drinking rum with some kid I met smoking a cigar. And that was it. It fires off little neurons in my head. but I also know that I, there's a thousand other things that I moved onto. Yeah. It, it almost, it feels like the product, the movie or the, the TV that is sort of the byproduct and the real product is the experience of doing it.


You know, It's almost incidental as crazy as that sounds. Yeah. Yeah. Because you've done all this amazing work. But Yeah. It's funny. That's why your mom was saying, I look at movies I'm in and they're like home. They're like home movies. It's hard for me to follow the, the story.


Conan O'Brien Needs A Friend is brought to you by ADT. Let me talk about ADT for a second, please. ADT spends all of their seconds helping protect all of yours. Hmm. That's a cool idea. 'cause a lot can happen in a second. True Did. you know that That's true. That Is True. Like, one second, your baby can't walk. Then suddenly bang, they can walk. Except for me, I didn't walk till I was about nine. Oh yeah. We don't know what was wrong. Legs were fine. Apparently it's just a lack of will. You just chose not to. Okay. Yeah. No, one second. You're happily single. The next second you catch a glimpse of someone and well, maybe you don't wanna be single anymore. That did happen to me. Oh, I know it did. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And then years later, I met my wife. Oh, I love you, baby. No, maybe one second. You have a business idea that seems like a pipe dream. And the next you have an LLC and a dream come true. Wow. This whole second thing is really something. Yeah. And when it comes to your home, one second, you feel safe. And the next, well, even if something does happen, guess what? You can still feel safe thanks to ADT. After all, ADT is America's most trusted name in home security. Because when every second counts count on ADT. Isn't that nice? I like that. I like how that all came around. Yeah. I was worried for a while. It wouldn't get to ADT. I mean, I think ADT should be, she the one worried about it. But. anyway, visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT ASAP.


Football's approaching. It's time to get in on the action early this season. What are your favorite NFL future bets? Do you have an NFL team? You like Sona? Well, I, I like the Rams 'cause they're an LA team. Yep. but I also grew up liking the Raiders. 'cause they were an LA team. So, but Yep. That's confusing in LA Yeah, it does. Teams coming, teams going. Yeah. You know, I'm from Massachusetts, so I gotta go Patriots. All the way pants guy gotta go. Pats. I don't know why I did it in a Chicago accent. No, neither da pats. I got my brat and da pats. I I'm saying lions all the way this Year. Now do Detroit Lions. Okay. You like Detroit loins? I I do like the Detroit Lions. I don't know a lot about sports, but FanDuel makes it easy. So, you know, I, I think I'm, I think lions all the way, man. Let's Do it. I I I'm wishing the lions well. Thank you. I like it when victory is spread around. Wow. If it can't be the Patriots Okay, then I'm, I'm happy for it to be the Lions All. right. But, And, but not the Raiders. Not the Raiders or The Rams. No. Okay. So just you And I not saying 10 because they're just running around. How do they may not even, all the teams run around that's football. May not. No. They may not be in LA next year. Your team, they may come on. Yes. they go, you know what I, it's like an unreliable girlfriend could be gone in a second. So feisty. Oh, they'll be the Catalina Catalina Rams. Oh, wait, no, they're the Alaska Rams. Tons of different player props like passing yards, TD rushing and receiving total and more. Also great team markets like to make playoffs win the division in Super Bowl matchups. And you can probably together different picks for even bigger payouts. Yeah. Right now, new customers can get $150 in bonus bets. If your first $5 bet wins, there's no better place to get ready for the football season than on FanDuel America's number one sports book and official sports betting partner of the nfl. Just visit fanduel.com/coa to sign up today. 18 plus in present in DC First online Real Money Wager only $5 First deposit required bonus issued as non withable bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem. Call or text 1-800-GAMBLER 1 804 2 6 2 5 3 7


As a B2B marketer, you know how noisy the ad space can be. It's noisy out there. Yeah. If your message isn't targeted, the right audience, it just disappears on the noise. Like a little crouton in a giant storm. With LinkedIn ads, you can precisely reach the professionals who are more likely to find your ad relevant. With LinkedIn's targeting capabilities, you can reach them by job title, industry company, and more you'll have direct access to and build relationships with decision makers. A billion members, 180 million senior level executives, 10 million C-level executives, I Wish, I was a c-level executive. Start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. That means business to business. They'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco to claim your credit. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions apply LinkedIn the place to be.


Do do to be as terrific a career as you've had as an actor. Music haunts you, you know, you grew up playing music and you really were seriously considering. Am I a, am I gonna be a, am I gonna go into acting or am I gonna be a musician? Like there's a fork in the road. And, I. Feel like it's something you're still wrestling with. That's fine. Kind of dancing with it, man. I don't know. I think maybe it's, it's kicked my ass basically. I think at this moment, don don't know if I'll get back into it as I as strongly as I did after Crazy Heart.


Yeah. You know, right around when I did your show, You came on my show to to Do Crazy Heart was this phenomenal, phenomenal movie. Phenomenal performance. And, You know, at 60, whatever I was, 62, whatever the, you know, I, I finally had my Beatle moment, you know? Yeah. Because there's nothing like playing in a band. You, you're a musician, you know? Yeah. I love that. And it's just like, it's so great to do that. And my buddy t-Bone, you know, when we did Crazy Heart Together, he did all the, you know, most of the music for it. And after The Crazy Heart, I got my, you know, music, you know, was tickled. I said, well, I got some more tunes to do Bone, you know? Yeah. And he said, sure. And so we did an album, and then I'd get a band.


He, well, I'm gonna get the band together. And all these friends I got in Santa Barbara, And I had that. My, I'm, now I'm being triggering myself here. I had my Beatle moment Yeah. With my band at a Lebowski Fest. Yes. Oh man. So it all came together. Oh. And playing to a sea of dudes, you know, they're all And Oh man. No, but you know what's so nice is I don don't know about you. My experience has been, I've had Sony You were along for the 2010 experience where I went on this tour and there was a lot of music and crazy crowds, and we did comedy, but we also, I got to have my moments of soloing in front of a sold out, like multiple tier.


Oh yeah. And. it was just, it, it was a, it was that crazy experience. Yeah. And what would happen is I'd start to think to myself, Hey, you know, I, can I, I think I could do, yeah, I could. This is what I could do. This is what I could do. And you know what always resets it. I'm around a Jimmy Vivino or a Jack White or any of these guys who really does it. And, I go, oh. Like, oh, I see. Oh. And, and it's, I I, I'm constantly being humbled by people that, that I love it. It's fun. I like to do it for fun. But if this was something I was meant to be doing, I'd have been doing it when I was seven years old. And that's what I was, that's comedy for me. So that decision was made.


I didn't have to make it, you know? Yeah. I, well now when you say wrestle I or struggle, that's a really, you know, this thing about comparison and everything. I, you know, when we had all this downtime with the strikes and Covid and all that stuff, and there different guys did different things during that time. You must have seen inside, right? That guy, Bo Burnham. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Fantastic. Impressed. Man. Bo is Phenomenal. Oh man. Oh man. Phenomenal talent. That movie, the eighth, eighth grade, you know, he's, yeah. He's phenomenal talent. So I had a bunch of time and, and you're, you know, creative person. You said, what am I gonna do? You know? So I decided, I don't go back in my mind, my music mind and discover old tunes and things that I'm now, I'm one of my 74.


I say how to perfect all that stuff, going to a music, you know, that's a lot of effort. There's a lot of things I like, you know, slowing down, not doing as much as I might've when I was younger. I said, I've got all these things, you know, I'll just play with them. And I started going on the internet and finding things to juxtapose these tunes, you know? And then I, or I would take my little, I phone out And it, do things and juxtapose and say, create Pray. I had play it fun. Yeah. And I said, okay, you know, work with this other guy who knows how to make websites. Yeah. Why not release this? I mean, why not? You know, what Did, you know, I'm just sharing, man, this is my offer.


This is what I got, you know, and listen to it. There's so much, there's so much shit out now, isn't there, man? Yeah. I mean, there's so much going on. Yeah. So I said, well, well, why not put your shit out there? You know? So I decided to release this thing called emergent behavior volumes one through five, you know, just and I know. So that's what I've done kinda musically. And that's where I'm at. And don don't know. I feel kind of spin. I don't know if I'll do volume six or what. But it was interesting, you know, what you were talking about, comparing yourself to the Beatles or these guys, you know? Yeah. Yeah. And Wow, that really gets in our way, man.


Well, I comparison I know, because, because ultimately isn't the spot that you want to get into where it's doing you, you're not even doing it, you know, with what you do. Right. I'm sure you get into that place all the time. Oh, yeah. It's just not take it too damn seriously, man, and let the thing come through what it wants to do. Don't be so ego tripping, like, oh, you know, just, right. They What Is It. There's a famous quote that I, I'm not coming up with right now, but it's like, comparison is the death is the Thief of Joy is the thief of Joy. Thank you. Oh, And I thought it was Aaron Blair was the thief of joy. And then it goes out further from there. And also Aaron Blair I know. But thank you, Aaron, that was, I don't like, I punish a guy for having the right answer. I know.


And so welcome to Stalin's Holiday Camp, But on the other side, but yeah, other side of that practice, man, like you say that, that's what I regret, not wood shedding, you know, I've got some friends that did it, you know, when, when they were 12 and now it's, they're just so facile, They don, they can play whatever they want, you know? Yeah. It's humbling. But, you know, I, I think the, the bigger point is comparison gets you, nowhere can trust me, I'm sure there are many actors that have hurt themselves by comparing themselves to you, like your career, what you've accomplished. They've hurt themselves unnecessarily. Do you know what I mean? It's just, it's a, you can't get into that game.


I just been hanging out with a guitarist. Do you know Blake Mills I? know the name don Don't. Oh man, you gotta check him out. Here's another, just, I'm, now, I'm, you know, we're talking music Vol Pec. Do you know them? No. Oh, you know that there and the Fearless Flyers. Blake has a great version of sign Sealed and delivered that he plays with the Fearless Flyers. It's really, It's amazing. I just always find, people will ask me, who are your favorite groups? And I'll say, it's not even about a group for me. They're just certain songs. You know that I hear it.


I have to learn how to play it. And I can't stop playing it. And sometimes it's not. It's by a very obscure musician. Yeah. I don't really know if they've gone on, what else? They've gone on to But. it just grabs me by the throat. And then I have to do it. I just have to learn it, play it until everyone around me, so tired of it that I'm asked to live in the yard. And then I'm You, you must have seen Standing in the shadow of Motown, didn't you? Yeah. Wasn't that a great movie man? Also, you Did you, you narrated, I believe. Oh, And I narrated. You Narrated the history of rock and roll, But you also narrated, didn't you write Narrate the Credence Clearwater Revival documentary, because I That's right. That was great. And I, And I. Remember thinking, well, they were great the minute, oh, I, I love them.


But then the minute you were narrating it, I thought, oh, this is the right guy to take me through CCO. Ah, Yeah. Absolutely. I got to play with him. Got on stage and played at the Fogarty. Yeah. What's the motorcycle? Sturgis. Oh, Yeah, yeah, yeah. You played with John Foga? Yeah. Man. Do you remember what you singing? Singing? No, we sang. I sang. I got to sing. He, I left the guitar work to John. You know what's becoming clear to me? You were not acting in the Big Lebowski. Everything. I see. You're like, yeah, Man. Yeah. That's where You now, now you just get like a white Russian and just start drinking it and going Yeah. Lot, lot of angles. Lot of angles. Lot of you let the dude do you Yeah, exactly. The dude Did you and then never left.


And then never left. You know what's so funny? Doism? Have you, doism is a, is a religion now. Yeah. Yeah. Doism. And you know what? I was raised Catholic. I'd switched to Doism. Yeah. I think it makes more sense to me. Oh man, I just visited the Pope. And I would talk him into doing Doism. Tell me more of this. Doism have a white Russian. He did have a white Russian. And he was saying, there's a lot of, you know, we gotta get the rug back ties, it ties the Vatican together. It ties the Vatican together. It's Oneda is a, it's a religion. Well, The whole, the, yeah. The Loki just keeps, you know, and there's that, the fest that goes on for three days.


Yeah. And it's religion. And there's a book, you know, What Is It. It's a book of the dude, or no the hell, many books. One book is written in sha like Shakespeare would do it. You know, two, two dudes in Verona I know I'm sitting, I'm sitting at this, at this dinner party, and on my right is Rom das, you know the guy. Sure, yeah. Yeah. Be here now. And this guy over here is a guy named Bernie Glassman, and he's a Zen master. And he leans over to me and says, I'm really dug. Loki say, oh, great. He says, it's full of Koans. You know, I say, koans, what do you mean?


You know? And you know what a koan is? I know. Well, it's like, what is the sound of one hand clapping? You know? Yeah. These kinds of zen these kind of weird Yeah, yeah. Zen Zen riddles Are Yeah. That make you, there's no logical answer to it. And I, he says, the film's full of Koans. I said, what are you talking about? He says, well, who wrote and directed the film, the Koan Brothers? And he says, he says, I'm all About, he's a wise ass, is what he is. He says, I'm all about bringing Buddhism and Zen to modern times. He says, let's write a book about Lebowski And I said, what? What do you mean? He says, well, the dude abides very Buddhistic, right?


Yes. Yeah. And I said, what are some other koans? Shut the fuck up, Donnie. Yeah. Yeah. That's a Koan. Yeah. Yeah. Or shut the fuck up, Donnie. Yeah, exactly. You know, or, well, that's just like your opinion, man. Yeah, yeah. So we go up to Montana and write for two weeks. We, when we wrote a book, the dude in the Zen Master, another blooming thing out of this movie, you know, it just keeps, it keeps Giving. You know, what's interesting to me is when that movie came out, it was not a success. It was not deemed a success, but like the best things. It's resonates. And then it grows And.


it grows And, it grows And, it grows. It's gonna keep on growing. And I think, you know, like a thousand years from now, there will be giant Doism centers that people go to. Well, Those brothers, the Koan brothers. Yeah. I mean, they're, they're just masters, you know? And they make it look like, it's like, it's nothing. But, you know, They are the two guys. I'm pretty, I think I've met everybody. I revere the Cohen Brothers love them. I am obsessed with them. Never met them. And I saw them once in a restaurant. And I was sitting very nearby. And I didn't say a word. Oh. And you wish you did.


Well, I kind of was. I, I, I'm, that's how high up they are for me, which is like, oh, so great. Yeah. I do not, I would not, you know, just to, to meet them would would make my year. They're intimidating. Don't, yeah. I think so. Yeah. And, I, And I have such, they, they're, they really are my go-to filmmakers. And I've, I've watched all of their films so many times. I think that, Yeah, you can see 'em over and over and just a appreciate the mastery. I mean, with Lebowski, you know, something comes on that I'm in on tv, I'll, you know, click watch a scene, click. But with Lebowski, I, you know, I'll say, I'll just watch, you know, till, you know, Donny dies and, or something.


Like, it'll keep, I get hooked because it's like, I love you watching Lebowski. I love you at home. Oh man. Watching Lebowski. And it's like a black hole folding in on its I know. Exactly. In a good way. It's the snake eating its tail. It's the snake birthing its tail. Birthing it. Very nice. Talk About a home movie, man. I mean, that is very much a home movie. I just, you know, one of my favorite parts about that movie is, is when you, whenever you have a chance to get your favorite drink, you will, as people do that, like their drink, they'll kill time just so they can drink more. I always get the sense, you're always saying like, yeah, a lot, a lot of angles. There's a lot of angles, a lot of levels got.


And you're bullshitting. You're totally And I know, I've done that in my life when I just am like, I got a nice glass of wine here. My wife thinks maybe we should, let's move on. Let's pay the check. And I'm like, you know, we got a, we got a lot to talk about here. A lot of angles, a lot of moves. I just wanna have just a, just everyone settle down for a second. De Terro made that movie, you know, another Outshoot of Lebowski, what's the name of it? You know? Oh, where he plays his character. Yeah, Yeah. He plays the pedophile, you know, You know, yeah. The role. Everyone's, after I turned it down six times, you know, you went through this intense experience, which makes me very grateful that you're here and looking like a million bucks.


You were, you got a cancer diagnosis, I think in 2021, is that right? I can't remember. But something you can't like that. And you, it's a lymphoma. You're fighting that, and then you get really bad covid at the same time. And. it was, I've read that. It was, and you've talked about it was rough. It was incredibly rough. Yeah. And Don don't know. You come out of that with a different perspective. Yeah. Oh yeah. To think of something like that as a gift is, seems bizarre. Or before it actually happens. Seems bizarre. Now I I can understand it. You know, you learn things during those times.


Like those that you can only learn it in times like those, which is, this is a gift, man. Yeah. We're, we're alive doing this. Yeah. Oh yeah. No, no. I I, We, we take it for granted, you know? Yeah. I've learned I, Wish. This wasn't true. I think it's just human nature. But there've been a number of times in my life where there's been some difficulty or death, or there's been some And. I've, I get this incredible perspective, And, it starts drifting away within 20 minutes. And I had it yesterday where I, I talked to a fan who's quite ill, and we had this really intense conversation.


And I thought, I have no problems. I have no, it was, I thought, this person's giving me a gift of this amazing perspective. And then I feel that for a while. But then inevitably you go home and then you can't get the cable to work. You know? And, and, but I what I'm saying is it's like, I'm, I'm, you immediately go, well, God dammit, this Crestron never works. Sorry, Crestron I know you do incredible work, but you got And, I. Think Did, you name check them. I'm sorry. Well, they had it coming. They had it coming. Apparently just touch screen isn't immediately giving me the entertainment I wanna watch.


Oh. And so this true. And then I stop myself, And, I, go, wait a minute. You were talking to someone who's quite ill, and you had this amazing moment, and all it took was your drive from Larchmont over to Brentwood to get you to this. Like, that's the part That, but you had that flash. Yeah. That's the important flash that you, you The second one that pulls you back. Yeah. That you said. Oh, oh, And it, that word practice comes to mind. You know, we can practice this kind of attention, you know, and like you say, God, I fall into that all the time. Like what? You know, these bumps, you know, something. And what about the body man as you age? Oh, I don't like that shit, man.


Well, unfortunately, I, my body's perfect. Perfect. Yes, exactly. Well, you, you saw that when I, when you walked in, you probably thought, Oh, I hugged you. I noticed the Dels, You were rubbing me for a while, right? Remember that? Hey, you know, talk about a gift. You, you know, it's this world we live in of streaming, which I'm still getting used to where a show will, where a show will come out and I'll start watching it and I'll binge it and I'll love it. And then it's done. And then I'll say, okay, I want more. 'cause that's how we are. And so when the old man came out, I watched this show, my wife, And I watched it and absolutely loved it.


Oh, good. Absolutely loved it. Good. Just loved it. And your character, the way the story unfolds, we know so little about you, but then we start to realize there's more to this guy than meets the eye. And then more and more layers start getting exposed. John Lithgow is it, who's also one of my favorite people. Yeah. And he's fantastic. And. then we learned, you two have this big history together, and it's about the CIA and generations and, and our involvement in, you know, foreign wars. And it's just, it's, it's a it, but it's a great story, great acting And. it was over And. I was like, I want more right away, And. I've had to wait. And now it's back.


Yeah. Man. And I'm so happy Yeah. That you guys haven't this other season, because I can't wait, you know? Yeah. Yeah. I hope you enjoy it. I was, it's a good one. A lot of twists and turns and just the, and he keeps, you know, up and Yeah. The writing is spectacular. Yeah. Well that's this guy, John Steinberg, who is our showrunner and the writer, and really, yeah, he really put it together. And then the cast, you're not only the actors who are all splendid, you know, Amy Brennaman, Joel Gray, we got to do some stuff with Joel, but it's the cameraman. I'm always, I'm impressed with the cinematography of this thing.


You know, I, being primarily in movies, I didn't know about the TV thing, you know, but there's such great stuff on tv, my gosh. Now. So that I said, oh yeah, no, that's the, don't put that on there because the making of it, I mentioned the cinematography of the thing. I'm, it's like, you know, the same attention that goes into making movies. Well, you know, what's happened is, I don't think the line between what's a TV show and what's a movie is meaningless to me now. Yeah, yeah. Because it used to to be the case. Oh yeah. That, you know, it's just a running length is the only, yeah, exactly. But it's, it's really the, some of the best acting directing I know, if any of you saw Ripley, which was, What about succession?


Succession? Oh my God. I mean, oh man. Wasn't that cool? You, but you, you see these things play out and you think, no, no, this is great. This is great cinema. Call it what you want. I'm not, I'm not seeing it in a theater. What about, yeah, I'm sorry. No, no. I love that. We're now plugging other people's projects. No, but what what about any show that's not your show? No, but what I was saying about the old man is that the old man is a cinematic experience to me. Because what, what got to me was when from the first episode, you realize what is going on with this guy? This guy looks like he's got a pretty simple life. And then I can tell you're aware that something isn't right.


You've been laying low for a long time. And then you realize people are coming to get you. And I'm in, I'm thinking, what is, what is happening? And then the way the patients, you have to wait for, you have to wait for each thing to unfold to find out who is this guy Dan? You know, Dan Chase? Who is he? Who was he And? then we get to see that in flashbacks. But the whole thing is, is teaching, I hope a younger generation about patience. Like, you don't get, you know, the way I think what happened with movies is I know there's so much money on the line. Everything had to happen right away. Yeah. And they had to show you a trailer that showed you everything. Oh, Don't you hate that? Yeah.


And then I think I, I did think once, if Citizen Kane came out today, there'd be a trailer online that shows them that Rosebud is a sled and shows them burning it. Because, you know, we don't want anyone to have to wait for that. And that would be like the first thing they'd show is it's about a guy who says, Rosebud. Don't worry. That's a sled. It would also be merchandised as a toy Sled. Yeah. And Toy Sled get the Rosebud Sled. And so the whole mystery would be gone. but I love that with your show, with a lot of these shows, you have to wait. And so I had to wait for the old man to come back. And it's like, you know, even though I, I, I think I'd have some pull with you. And I could get you to call me up and tell me what happens. No, I had to wait. Well, What's a wild, I don't know what's gonna happen.


It's very much, you know, like life You, don't know what's gonna happen in the next second. And hopefully we're gonna go into season three. And, I don't know where that, where it's gonna go. I know, I'm this guy, And I, put my faith in the showrunner, you know, and do it. And so it's, that's a fresh experience. I'm gonna take these things. I'm gonna try that. Look At that. I just matched you. Huh? What do you think, man? Now you Got the best. You know what I, I can, I'll keep coming up to these Things. Fuck these things. Just take these off Sona. Do it. Oh, I know I. do it, do it. Do it.


Hey, check me on this. Who's got better hair than this man? You, I mean, you're just, you know, I you, the two Of you You don no, you, no, No, no. Mine is more of a caricature you have. No, that's fantastic. That's fantastic. Incredible. And my hair heroes, you're one of them. The other was Jack Lorde in Hawaii. Five oh oh Yes, Jack. Remember he had that big Sweep. Very nice. Yeah. And then I was, my heart was crushed. 'cause I found out on this podcast, remember who we were talking to? Who did a scene with him as it was a, who was a child actor at the time? Was it, was it Kurt Russell? Kurt Russell, who himself has amazing hair. Yeah. Who himself has amazing hair. But Kurt Russell's talked to me and went, yeah. I was a kid actor. And I did a Hawaii five. Oh.


And we were, we, they were doing my shot. So the camera wasn't on Jack Lord. And he took his hair off. And I said And. I said, what do you mean? He took his fucking hair off? And he said, well, you know, it was a piece. And I went. I didn't know it was a piece. Did, you know, go ahead and take yours off. No, No, I'm looking at you now. We're talking hair and I'm thinking my favorite haircut was shaved head bald. Oh, really? And I'm looking at your head. And I said, this man would look wonderful with bald Head. Oh, should I go for it? Yeah. Have you ever, have you ever thought, never Had a, never had ad head. I never had a shaved head. It's really nice. Have you guys Never. None. None of you Guys. Oh yeah. In, in college. Well, you, you were a terrible skinhead for a while.


But. it wasn't it, it also wasn't weird. My choice. My friends did the thing where they Oh yeah. Yeah. They shaved my Head and Dick on. You get, finally, did you get into it? You Know what I say? I did like it. It's you, you feel so, you feel so like clean, Smooth. Well, it's very, you know, all the, at first it feels, you know, like you're just your forehead, but up here, and then you get this shark feeling. Yes. It feels like you're shark skin. Yeah. And you get a little velvet thing. And. it is Neurotic. Oh, it's a cat's Tongue. A Little bit of a cat's tongue. The way water hits on there and, and stays in there when, when you take a Shower. But also they no fuss. No mu I mean, I'm six hours every morning with my hair team.


They Go, you know, they're they putting, they're using curlers. They're injecting. Oh, wow. This is after six hours. Yeah. Oh, okay. And. it just, well then I was in a terrible accident. My hair saved my life. But it shattered. You Don. Don't think I would shave my head because it's such a part of my identity that I've been pretty much reduced to like, I am a Woody Woodpecker cartoon. You know, like, I'm not even a person anymore. I'm a cartoon character. I, I was gonna ask you, did Did you, you know, use you Now I'm saying, this is a silly question 'cause I'm imagining, of course you did, but maybe I'm wrong. Did, you put product in your hair and work that. Yeah. You know, that I Know Zeus is in the house, not in the ball.


How do you, you have no idea. Did You, what was your product like? Okay. I'll tell you exactly what it was. I got into rockabilly. That was my first love rockabilly music. And. I would play the old, like, burnt brothers. And. I would. I grew the sideburns. And I realized my hair would do that. So I first, Oh, you must have Oh, of Course. Piled it up. And I used this stuff that a friend of mine turned me onto. He's like, use 10 x And there was this stuff they made called 10 x and you'd put it in your hair and then you could comb it up. Yeah. And I was doing this in the eighties. Not a lot of other people were doing it. And then I get a job on The Simpsons, And I. Remember I'm at the Simpsons. And I had, I'm a writer producer.


And I have these sideburns Eisenhower jacket with the collar flipped up Woo Hair. And I'd walk in, the writers would be like, what the, what are you doing? This isn't a production of Grease. We're writing the Simpsons And. I'm like, Hey, my on, you know, but, but I don't know what it was. I I was, that's what I wanted to do. And so my first big magazine cover was Rolling Stone, and they put me on the cover Rolling Stone. And this guy had this idea, which is he took my hair and then he added these extensions and we blew it way out. Oh. And it's my, one of my favorite. I've seen it like, there's an air, it's in an airport somewhere. Yeah. Where they just put Rolling Stone covers up. But mine was one of them. And the hair, it's like 50 pounds of hair in a giant wave on my head.


And, it looks absolutely insane. but I was like, in my mind, even though that's a joke. That's what I really wanted it to be. And still do, you know. Well, and you must do that. I do it sometimes. And my wife is like, can we go? Yeah. Not Yet. I need more mayonnaise for my cough. How about a ducktail you Never had. Never did the ducktail Never Did it. No. That's, That's kind of classic rockabilly, Right? I know. I didn't do the ducktail. Yeah. but I just got lost in all that craziness. I don't know. I come down to the, it comes down to this for me, I think there's a lot we do that's compulsion. When people tell their story, they act like they made choices and they forged who they are. And more and more I think, I don't know.


Yeah. My life is a bunch of synaptic misfires. And now here I am. I'm, I, you know, the hair, the, the choice of so many things. Just, that's very doist, you know? No But. it is And. I mean it, I do. I mean, I mean, And, I, And. I say misfires, meaning I have a, it sounds absurd for me to say, I made any of this happen. I, I didn't make any of this happen. but I And, I'm here talking to you. And I don't know. You're one of my all time favorite actors, people, and you're here talking to me. I didn't make this happen. This just happened. And, I couldn't be happier. There's this guy, Polsky, you know, who's saying there's no such thing as willpower.


That's you, you're not in control at all from the very, you know, from the very, the circum just the circumstances that you come out of. I don't know. I've kind of feel mixed about that. You Feel I I do I I, Huh? Because it maybe lets us off the hook too much. Yeah, yeah. Well, yeah, Because then anyone could say, yeah, I just murdered eight people and left their buddies by the roadside. But that's just what I Did. you know, you're like, no, no. Well, That, yeah. And he's, he's big on, on crime. On the crime. All these people in jail who we say, you're a bad, he's, he's saying it's the circumstances, you know? Yeah. A Lot of times That's true from the very, very beginning of all how it turns out.


Yeah. I I think it's kind of, don't feel life is so paradoxical. You know? There's not one, one way, one thing I know. I I think it's kind of both. You know, if it, maybe it's only willpower. I don't know. Kans man. Coan. It's Conan. Yeah. There you go. It is, It is. And there are two Koans. Yeah. The Coan Brothers Cohen brother C Yeah. That means one Cohen Brothers really pissed about something. It doesn't like the edit. Well, I wanna make sure people check out the second season of the old man. It's so easy to binge the first season. And I'm just a lifelong fan. And not just of your work, but you're, you're an authentically nice and feeling person.


And I'm just, it's an honor to know you. It really is. Feel That same Way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I'm a good expert. Beautiful. Okay.


I think I'm a pretty chill person. Sona. But there's one thing that freaks me out. Yeah. When I have to wait a long time for Furniture I know You ever have that happen? All the time. If you hate waiting for furniture. Have you met all modern? I have. Yeah. Aren't they great? I really actually, I, I'm, I really like all modern. All modern brings you the best of modern furniture and they deliver it for free in days, not weeks, days. Waiting weeks for your order to arrive isn't ideal. Especially when you've just moved. You wanna be sitting around in an empty apartment? No. Get your sofa. ASAP. That means as soon as possible. Thanks. From all modern and sit comfortably while building out the rest of your space. That's modern made simple. Let me explain at all. Modern, you'll find only the best of modern styles. From Scandy to mid-century minimalist to Maximalist. Every piece is hand vetted for quality and designed for real life. Shop the best of modern outdoor furniture, timeless decor, and everything in between. Find timeless designs in every style that fold function and fun all at once. From small decor swaps to full room revamps all modern has you covered Baby Shop online@allmodern.com or visit them in store in Linfield and Dham, Massachusetts. Hey, I was a summer camp counselor in Dedham. So cool. Or in Austin, Texas where I wasn't a summer camp counselor.


The city will be his starring Academy Award nominee Colin Farrell as Oz Cobb, AKA, the penguin. The eight episode HBO original limited series continued the epic crime saga that began with the global blockbuster, the Batman. Don't miss the show everybody is talking about. Yes, sir. Colin Farrell as Oz Cobb, the penguin. The penguin premier. September 19 at 9:00 PM on max.


You wanna watch your favorite TV shows and movies on a TV whose clarity, color, and contrast really shines through. You need Samsung Ole. Yeah. No, it's not some Swedish monster. It's Ole Let Samsung Ole Immerse you with unbelievable details in picture quality. Their AI powered processor upscales your favorite movies and shows in brilliant 4K resolution. So even old content looks amazing. And our podcast has never looked better. I've seen my podcast in Samsung. Ole my face comes out through the screen. Oh, I'm there with you. Don't be afraid. That's what I really look like. This is the only OLED TV validated by the industry leading color experts at Pantone. You can experience colors as they're meant to be seen. They Know colors at Pantone. One of my big pet peeves when watching TV is glare. I hate glare. I hate it too. Yeah. I have to wear sunglasses sometimes when I watch tv. But the oled, that doesn't make sense. S nine five D has oled glare free technology so you can watch with almost no glare. You know, I'm a big gamer. I love me games. Yeah. I love my games. I love s Zazzle Busters. I love playing Cosel Sizzle. Cosel Sizzle. Ooh, I'm really good at that one. I got to level nine. I visited the planet. I have a Jabba Don ga. That's why I'm excited that the Samsung Ed's Motion Accelerator delivers ultra smooth 144 hertz motion. And the AI auto Game motel is your game settings to its genre. My video game skills have never looked better experience to be the way it's meant to be seen with Samsung oled. Visit samsung.com/oled to learn more. Upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experience may vary according to types of content and format.


We don't do this often. You're, you're crinkling papers in the background. Hey, it sounds like, oh, we'll try again. Abide man. Just abide. Yeah, that'll work. Once they know what I'm talking about. Here we go. Three, two. I control everything. Controlo The opposite of the dude. This is Yeah. You really are N quiet. There is no rug. What? Three, two. We don't do this often. Oh my God. All of this is staying in. Yes, please. But no, my control will come out. You'll never Know. You'll never know you. You really will never Know. Someday I will listen to this podcast. As soon as I can figure out how to work my, my whatever machine plays this.


I am definitely even Think of anything I. know the machine, your phone. I'm definitely gonna edit the first part of this segment. It's not common that we have a guest on the guest leaves And. then we say we have to talk. We have to talk immediately. But the great Jeff Bridges just left the building. And I, there is something nourishing about being in that man's presence. He's such a talented guy, but he is also very humble and sweet and wise. And we're just sitting here with him. And, I don't know. I just, I'm, I feel like I've been healed. It's like a car wash for the soul or something like that.


I love his vibe. He's got a Good vibe. He's got a very good vibe. Yeah. Can I tell you something that happened that is just so, dude. Yeah. The, the listeners wouldn't know this, but every one of these seats has a little tape mark for where your belly button is supposed to go so that we line up with these cameras and, and people are reminded of it every time they come in. We are Just to make sure that we get Yeah. Good footage Of the person. Yes. Yeah. And there's a point about don don't know, 30 minutes to this interview where he just, can I take off these headphones? And then he just looks down at the piece of tape and just goes, sh Takes it off. Wheels it off. Yeah. Like, I will not be, not be burdened by this mark that I have to hit. No, it was so wonderful. Why would the dude so symbolic? Why would Yeah.


If symbolic that someone was trying to control him with a little piece of tape. Yeah. Yeah. But keep your belly button here. No. Yeah. No, I'm just gonna, I'm gonna let the universe guide me. Yeah. Not this colored piece of tape. My belly button mark is where my belly button is. Yes. Is basically, That was a, that's very wise slash stupid. Yeah. but I, I thought I loved when he took the headphones off. I'm always wondering. I I, now here's where we get into it with Eduardo. Eduardo always says, we need to wear these giant cans on our head so that we are reminded of where to put our mouths near the microphone. And part of me thinks, ha, because wouldn't people be more relaxed and look cooler if they didn't have that burden of having these things on their, on their ears.


We've had some guests request not to do it. And I. Think those have turned out fine. Eduardo, why don't you weigh in from your very narrow technological Sure. Perspective. Happy to, there are professionals out there who I would trust to not wear headphones because they've been around mics enough times that they know to always be near the Mic. Like DJ Jazzy Jeff or Shaba Shrimp. Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. And then there are other people that I think are great storytellers and they start to tell stories with their hands or their body, and then they start to drift away. Yeah. What was that recently? That really sat back in The chair. Yeah. I, I can't recall. Oh, yeah. But it's been more than A few. Oh, it was Lean along Jones. Well, she's Entitled. So without the headphones. Yeah. I understand.


I understand. They Don't realize that there's So, so I think the answer here is to improve the technology so that the microphone moves with the person. Sure. And the cameras move when the person moves and the lights move. Now I realize this is a lot of money. The Camera does move. The camera does move. They Move it. Then why We Have a belly button Mark. I Well, I mean, Why We have a belly button mark. We have a belly button mark. Because if we move too far, then we're in each other's shots. That's right. That's right. Why am I explaining this to you? I love it. I found you years ago. Oh God, don't even No, don't, don't Me Strawberry in Glendale. And don't Explaining to me.


No, I I I appreciate that. No, I understand that there needs to be a a, a ve a general reference point. Yeah. But I do think it's important that people are comfortable. And let's get back to the important thing. Two points. One, Eduardo has failed us. And And I think also hamstrung us creatively. And I'll get you Eduardo if it's the last thing. I do two, two. Adam's with me On this point. You didn't have a second point. You Just wanted, I did have a second point. you get on a ranch and you don't even know Jeff Bridges. You're complaining about Jeff Bridges. No. Two is, let's get back to Jeff Bridges. Can It be more Jeff Bridges? Yeah. I. can you Try? Yeah. You know what? I honestly believe that I should go, Go across the Jeff Bridge, go across the bridges of Jefferson County and be more like Jeff Bridges.


Oh God. I hope you're proud. Oh, that went. I hope you're happy with yourself so far. And you know what? That's staying in. That was So that's Staying in. I stand by that. I'm proud of that. Yeah. I You are. I want it on my tombstone. Yeah. Oh, trust me. It'll go on your tombstone and it'll be soon. I was, I I love him. A you know, I'm a, I'm ordained in the church of dude. Yeah. What's the story? Story? Is that true here? Yeah. When I got, when I, I was officiating one of my closest friends weddings once and she, And I was so nervous. 'cause when you get ordained, you've done it. Yeah. It takes minutes online. Yeah. And so I got ordained at four different online churches. And one was the Church of dude. Just why four? Because I got nervous. I wasn't ordained enough. Oh My God. That's very, it's, it's good to have different, it's like, it's good to have different passports.


Wow. You never know what's gonna come down. It's Yes. And you didn't wanna bring that up while he was here. I was nervous around him. Know he made me nerv. There are very few people who've been here who've made me nervous in Jeff. Bridges as well. I know I'm chilled I know. I'm gonna say this. I know, I'm gonna say this, but I love, Ultimately Love to. I'm gonna say this. I do, and I'm saying this not as a joke or anything at my stage in my life, my career I do think it should be a mission of mine to become, I'm being completely honest. I agree. More like agree. Same here. More like Jeff Bridges. I don't wanna, 'cause what else is the point? What's the point? Yeah. And, and it'd be one thing if you could say, yeah, but he's a great example because his, his body of work is fantastic. And I think he's lived This ethos and he's authentic.


It doesn't seem he's authentic Affecting It. Did you notice too, after we finished, he got up and he just did this. Now can I just say something, I do that. I used to do that around the interns. And I was spoken to. It was, I was spoken to. It looked So much cooler when he did it. I'm not denying that it's going on my tombstone. And this is a podcast. You should explain what you did. Yeah. I think the audience gets it. Okay. And you need to not do that around interns. I used to do it and say it's old lighthouse crotch. What? Jeff? And not the shape. It's the Illumination. Yeah. Jeff Bridges stood up and he stuck his, his tummy out and sort of did like a rotation. Like Hula hooping without a h Hoop is hula hooping without a hula hoop is fine.


And yeah, I think that that's something I would never do. I I don't have that. He's he's just so comfortable with himself. Yes. He's got like A stoner's vibe. He does. I think. Yeah. That's, but so I, I wonder, I I don't know. You should asked, does he partake or, Hey, I have a question. Why don't, well, I was gonna say we become stoners now, but Sona is a stoner. But, but like you And I Matt. We have, we have, we have a similar thing I think, which is we're probably worriers. We prepare, we wound up a little, a little wound tightly. And. I was thinking the other day, like, at this point, why not just don don't know. Just become a stoner. That part about just practice about, you know, what you said really resonated me when you're talking to that person who is ill and that how you lose it because the cable goes wrong.


What else is the point? Well, you know what it is. I think we drift. There's constant drift. You're never in a fixed place. So I saw this in New York on nine 11 after 9 11, 9, 12, 9, 13. I mean, everywhere you went, people were asking each other. How are you? You'd go to a restaurant, the waitress would come over, the waitress would sit with us, we'd talk, how are you? Where do you live? How are you getting to work? Is everyone, you know? Okay. There was just incredible. And then I remembered thinking, I think it lasted like three and a half weeks. Credible. And then incredible. Then people went back to being, you know, we're New Yorkers. And I'm not, this is nothing about New York. It's the same, it would be the same thing in Boston would be the same thing in Los Angeles, San Francisco.


We're human beings. So hit us over the head really hard with a two by four. And we have this incredible wisdom and generosity of spirit. And then wait 20 minutes and it's like, Hey, I said I want Chiclets. You know, that's the kind of gum. Okay. Gimme my Chiclets. Yeah. You know, Is, are Chiclets gum. Wow. I had no idea. Did, You know about Chi don don't know if, if something I'm saying is, can you Just be more like Jeff Bridges, please. Okay. He would not do what you just did. Yeah. Try it. Try it. You were like, oh, this moment in history. And then you immediately do something very un un jb. Yeah. And it's not, you're, you just, you have a long way to go. Go over over a Jeff Bridge.


Too far. You have, ugh. You have to stop. I'm gonna need, Need free tombstones. How many tombstones can one man have? Man? Oh my God. You cannot have too many too quickly. I'll put you that. No, You know what? You two are, you two have a lot of work to do. I'm, I would say I feel like I'm there, man. Yeah, You're, yeah. He wouldn't have gotten, he wouldn't have thrown out. Even if he did say Chiclets, he'd just say it. Yeah. And then if you picked up on it, you picked up on it. but I'm like, well, do you know what that is? That was, is that still a gum? I don't wanna look like I'm too out of touch. I should have just Said it. But Sona also, you are the most Jeff Bridges of us all. But if you were at true peak Jeff Bridges, you wouldn't have had a problem with that joke I made. He would've been like All. right. Man. He wouldn't have laughed. Yeah, He wouldn't have laughed. But he would've Appreciated.


I don't Think anyone Would've laughed. No, I don't think anyone would laugh. I don't think, because I think he's heard a lot of bridge. It's funny jokes. Don. I think a hyena hyena would've not. A hyena that was laughing would've, there would've been a cessation of laughter. Start Crying if, If there was a hyena going, Ah, Bridge is too far. Ha. He would've just turned into a coyote. Stone. Cold. Silence. Well, it's time to wrap and the minute I come back in the room, I don't like the tone of this. It's time to wrap. All. right. Well anyway, Jeff, Bridges, you are a very special, cool spirit and we're indebted to you and let's all try to be more ular Yeah. As we move forward on this podcast. True. Amen.


Good. You could have just ended there. No. Oh God. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Cession and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive, produced by Adam Sacks, Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes, incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick, talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista, and Brit Conn.


You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at siriusxm.com/ Conan. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded.


1, 2, 3, 4. Those are numbers, but you already knew that. If you wanna know what number you're gonna pay each month for your car, use Kelly Blue Book, my wallet on Autotrader. They're really good at numbers. Autotrader,


After the end of a good fight, you deserve an ice cold reward model. You put in the hours, the image, the tough labor because you know the bigger the fight, the better the reward, the mark of the fight, responsibly being reported by Crowded Port Chicago, Illinois.