
You know, FedEx doesn't know you're a small business yet. Mm. Okay. But what FedEx does know is that running a small business is hard enough without the hassle of complex shipping. That's where there's FedEx one rate. Did you know that with FedEx one rate you can ship your holiday packages cheaper than the post office? What I hate to root against old Uncle Sam, but go, FedEx, go. You can send packages as low as $14 and 50 cents for small boxes. That's cool. Visit fedex.com/one rate for details. Exclusions apply. Valid ten six twenty four through 1 19 25 FedEx one rate two day retail shipping. One flat rate.


Man, Holidays coming up. It gets pretty intense, doesn't it? It does. Very intense. During the holiday season, it feels like you're packing a lot into every second. Everything gets compressed. Pressure lot. It's stressful so much to do.


That's why ADT spends all their seconds helping protect all of yours while you're out. The ADT Plus app gives you complete control over who has access to your home. Mm. With the Google Nest doorbell from ADT, you can know for sure if that Santa or Aunt Mildred at the front door. See, I'd be suspicious 'cause I don't have an Aunt Mildred. It's Aunt Mildred. Thief ADT has the largest number of companies owned 24 7 monitoring centers in the industry. When every second counts count on ADT. Visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT A Google and Google Nest doorbell are trademarks of Google, LLC.


Hi, my name is Jesse Eisenberg, And I feel unconflicted maybe for the first time in my life about something, but in this case, about being Conan O'Brien's friend. That's so Sweet. Yes. Back to school ring friends. Hey there. Welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Sona is giggling away uncontrollably. I don't know what's happening.


Sona Masia And I see you. Of course. Matt Gorley. Hi. The whole gang's here and feeling the holiday vibe. Are you feeling it? Oh, I love Christmas. You do? I truly do. Yeah. You're a Christmas guy. I am. Yeah. What do you, I, I'm guessing, do you go all out with the traditional stuff? Do you have lots of stuff you put out little holiday trinkets? I think so. Yeah. You do? What do you mean? I think I, are you Okay? Are you, I'm afraid to admit it to you. I'm afraid to what you will tear into. I, I'm, I'm a sentimental old sap about Christmas. Oh, I really am. That's nice. Yeah. Are you Sona? Yeah. I mean, you have our, first of all, I know you celebrate it a little later on. No, No. We celebrate American Christmas too. But we, you know, we have a fake tree, which you guys got mad at me for when we were doing summer s'mores. Yeah.


And then we like put a few things on, but we're not like the house people stop at when they're driving down the block and be like, no. Oh my God, look at this. I don't want to be that house. You don't? No. The house that has, oh, they have a thing Now. I saw an ad where they project Yeah, you can put little projectors. Oh yeah. That project like candy canes and snowflakes and things and snowflakes and little Santas and reindeer, and they crisscrossed your entire house. And I think I would go insane. What if I was in my house and that was being projected and coming in through the window? I think I'd lose my mind. I don't know. I No, and you step outside to go get the paper and you're, these lasers are firing candy canes into your eyes. You get your Paper in the nighttime. Yeah, I know. I get it delivered at night when I want, when there's bad news, I wanna hear it right away.


The Guy, the little guy, the paper boy comes back at night. Just, he comes just for your house. I pam him a little extra to come by at night. It makes me feel, I don't wanna read news in the morning. I wanna read it at night. And it's the only way to get it through the newspaper. I'm told Hi. I don't know much about the internet, but anyway, I don't, I don't, that looks like way too much to have something projected on the house. But I have a brother who's a fully adult man. He goes all out on Christmas on the inside of his house. And I think that's really sweet. I love that. I, I'm all four people going for it. You know what's funny? Every now and then someone gives me an ornament. I put it on the tree and then kind of forget about it. And then it just shows up because it all goes into a box and then it goes back on the tree the next year.


And a couple of years ago, Zach Braff was here and he gave me an ornament. It's him and Donald Faison hugging each other. And I remember just coming home and like, it was in my pocket, and I'm like, what's this ornament? And the tree was up. And I went, oh, okay. And I just put it on the tree like three years ago by, And I, the other day I passed my tree. And I'm like, what the fuck? Why Does that bra and Donald face on hugging each other Aw, on my tree. I want that ornament. Is There any Co Conan ornaments? Did you ever make an Ornament? There was a, you know, it's, it is actually a sentimental memory, but our first season, we premiered September 13th, 1993 when I was a 30-year-old kid.


And every, the reviews were pretty much, this won't last. And there was a late night with Conan O'Brien, Christmas ornament that someone made and gave to me. And I remember to hang it on the tree in Christmas of 93 and kind of thinking, well, at least I got this. Aw, No, seriously. And then all these years later, I look at it, it's, And I am, I'm like, you shelled them little ornament. Yay. You know? It's got, it's this nice little feeling. Yeah. I Wanna break that ornament. I know You do. I you smash it When I go to your house, I'm just gonna break it. Yeah. Throw the, the Zach raf Donald Faison ornament at it. Smashing it. But yeah, so I mean, I get sentimental.


I'm, I pretend I work really hard at not being sentimental, but I'm very sentimental. Do you Like to play the scrooge? And I like to try to, but then I'm a, I'm a total mush about Christmas time. Here's, love It. A divisive thing. Where do you guys fall on tinsel? On a Christmas tree? Tinsel can go fuck itself. You know What? So you've chosen a side. Yeah. I, I'm, I'm, I have a little, I'm not tins little bit of an opinion. I'm not a tinsel person. Growing up, there'd be some tinsel on our family tree, but I've never wanted it on our tree. I I just, I, it just looks like shredded aluminum to me. I agree. And also pets often eat it. And you find it later. Ew. Yeah. But it looks like someone left you a beautiful present of shit.


I try to get my dog to eat a bow, a red bow so that later I can put it under the tree. Say, look what I got you, honey. It's a shit bow. What? Yeah. The really hard part is getting the dog to swallow a card that says, ha ha, this is shit. But if you can get it to swallow a bow and a card and the dog, and it all stays kind of together, it's fantastic. It's such a good prank. Yeah. Anyway, happy holidays. Happy. Yeah. Aren't you glad you, you listened. Hey, Merry Christmas. You too. Merry Christmas. Hey, you too. And happy holidays.


Well, that's taking it too, too Far all inclusive. Oh, oh, well, and just everyone, I just want everyone to have a good holiday. Be they Christian, be they not. Did you Want to give us like Christmas bonuses and cash right now or anything? Oh, I could Venmo you. Okay. Let's do that. And Sona will probably tell you, I know exactly how to Venmo people. That's the hardest. I've seen Sona laugh in a while. Says the guy who says the guy who calls his wife when she's in New York and I'm in LA and goes, come, can you Uber eats me some of the chicken salad? I got better. But there was a while there where I was petrified, oh God, I'm sorry. It was new technology for a very old man.


Oh my God. And she'd be, and she, or she'd be in Seattle visiting her parents. And I'd be like, oh, I really like that Turkey burger than, and she'd be like, yeah, yeah. You just get it. It's, you know, you know, it's on, What Is It called? Chomp chomp chomp.net. That's it. What? chomp.net. That's Right. Chomp net. Throw a couple my way and I'll tell you which one. GrubHub. GrubHub. Dash door. Dash DoorDash. Yep. Postmates. Uber. Postmates. Okay. Postmates. There it is. I'd say, Hey honey, I like that Turkey burger. And she'd be like, well, I'm in Thailand right now in a meaning. And I'd be like, yeah, yeah. And I'm asleep. Yeah. Yeah. I like that Turkey burger. Can You get it on Trump trump.gov? And she'd say, Did you mean Postmates?


And I go, yeah, just send it over to the house. The Turkey burger, no barbecue sauce. Oh my God. I'll say for, For anyone listening who thinks that Conan is joking. I remember teaching you how to right click back at late night. Yeah. You were like, oh, that button does something else. Yes. Yeah, I remember. That's true. You were, it's a real thing. You were a young, a young fellow. That's right. This is back when I had a steam powered computer. We had to wait for it to heat up to work. That's right. You also make me, you also used to make me say permission to come aboard before I could go into your office. Yes. My God. My God. Even though your desk was literally like a foot and a half from the door And I could put something on it. I had to say permission to come aboard. And you would say, Hey, hey, permission denied. Yes. And then I'd have to walk, you have a piece of paper and you go like, oh, I got those research notes.


And I'd say, what? And you'd say, permission to come aboard. And I'd go, permission denied I'd to walk away. Now I think that's quality leadership anyway. Shit. Bow. That's the way to go this Christmas. Get your dog to eat a bow and then give that to someone as a present. A shit bow coming soon to a theater near you. The No, it's not a movie. I've lost my mind. Merry Christmas. You put that up and if you put it up again. Yeah, that was a double wrap. This is this. Yeah. What we call in the podcast industry. A double wrap. Yeah. You just, you just slid the wrap at me another, it's a wrap sign that you slid to me a second time. And I just keep ignoring it.


That's what I'd do if I was a teller and someone slid a piece of paper that said, this is a robbery. I'd say, yeah. And another thing, shit bow. And then they'd slide it again. This is the triple wrap. Triple wrap that shit. Get your dog to eat some tinsel and you've got some shiny shit. Look, We got families we gotta get home to for Christmas, And I'm trying to rob a bank. Happy holidays everyone. Christmas. Well, whatever. Yeah. All right you guys, let's get serious shit. You deserve Doesn. Shippo like 40 Times. Hey guys, quit screwing around and Sona enough with the poo poo jokes. My guest today is an actor, director, author, and playwright who's probably left after that intro, who has started such movies as The Social Network and Zombieland.


Now you can see him in his new movie, A Real Pain, which he also wrote and directed. And it's fantastic. I watched it And I love it. I'm very excited he's here today. I'm a big fan of this gentleman, Jesse Eisenberg. Welcome. I am going to quickly recap that. I met you many, many, many years ago. You did the squid and the Whale, I think was the first time I met you. Yeah. You must have been. How old were you then? Would you I was 21. 21 years old. Yeah. I just adored you immediately, I think. And then I've mentioned this before, but several days later, one of the loveliest notes I've ever handwritten, notes I ever received, showed up.


I've mentioned this last time, but, And I thought there's something different about this person he's oozing with like character and, and gentility in this kind of old world way. And then you've gone on and you've had this extraordinary career. Thank you. And I'm just so happy for you. Thank you so much. You And, And I feel like, just to pat, to pat myself on the back, I feel like I called it, oh, okay. I said, this is about me. I thought you Were gonna say you did it, but you called, called it like you knew It was gonna No, this isn't about, it's, this is what I'm really good at pretending. It's about, you know, Jesse, right? Yeah. But then it's about me. Okay. I called it. That's right. Okay. I called It and me, I'm just the horse Blue be caman first.


But I will say like, just to that point, I remember right after I was, so, first of all, I grew up watching, oh, maybe, sorry. I grew up like obsessed, obsessed, obsessed with you to the point where like literally my mom would sneak out after my dad fell asleep to go into my bedroom to watch your show with me. And so Your dad's not a fan. No, no, no. This is how my mind works. That's What you got from That. Why did he hate me? Yeah. Huh. Well, my new worst enemy, Barry Eisenberg, Barry Eisenberg of his brunwick New Jersey. No, but like, And you know, it's even sicker. My immediate thought is he saw the real me. Yeah, yeah. Exactly. That's how I feel. But anyway, Yes. He's the only one that truly knows. But anyway, like after we did the segment on your, on your show, you leaned over to me and you said, you seem like such a nice person.


And I remember it was so odd, because That doesn't seem like one of the compliments You get in the entertainment industry. Right? Right. It doesn't seem like one of the boxes you might check, you know, you're a nice person. It gets you nowhere. Oh, It does. I I mean, it means a lot to me. Yeah. And, and you've gone on And I, I'll I'll mention this upfront and we'll, we'll talk, there's so much I wanna talk about, and we're going to get to this film you made. You, I mean, let's, let's take it off. You wrote Yes. Directed you co-star in it with Kieran Kin and this extraordinary cast. Yeah. You made this film and it's absolutely beautiful. Thank you so much. And it's got people ranting and raving in a good way.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. I've had people ranting and raving and not a good way. It's called a Real Pain. And we'll talk about that. But I, what was special for me was to watch this movie and, and see that, oh, You are a consummate artist. You've made this beautiful thing with such a plum and it will endure. I always have this connection with you from that time that you sent me that note And I had that nice first meeting with you. And then here You are all these years later and you're doing extraordinary work. And I'm just so happy for You. That is so nice of you to say thank you so much. Do you ever root for mean people? So it's funny, occasionally.


Yeah. I, you know, Stalin did a lot of bad stuff, right? No, no, no, no. But I was, no, no. But I was, sometimes I'd be like, come on, you can do it Stalin. You can turn this around. And you were really young at the Time. I was very, I'm older than people think. Sure. I was born in 1911. Do the math. No, I, I can separate. There are people who do excellent work and are not good people. And I do believe in separating the two. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sure. You are a, a a a man who's I think a has real character and you do exceptional work. I like it when the two come together. Yeah. But they don't have to. Got It. Do you know what I mean? Yes, of course. And there are, how many artists can you see, you know, whose work is hanging on the wall?


And they, you layer later learn or amazing athletes who were absolutely deplorable human beings. Right. But I still applaud their athleticism. Of course. Perhaps even more so. Because you don't want them to hurt you. Exactly. You know? Yeah. I mean, Stalin's been dead a long time And I still talk him up. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think he could still get me just in case he could still get me. It's funny, we probably have a few things in common. I grew up with my share of anxiety and hated going to school. I didn't wanna leave my house. But I I, I still to this day can remember the, the carpool ride from my house on Kenard Road to the DRIs Michael Driscoll School every second thinking, okay, we're not there yet.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Like just filled with that kind of you I like your mouth tastes like aluminum. Yes. You, you have so much anxiety. Yes. And I've later thought, well, I hate to say it, but it probably contributed some things To me. I know, I know. And I know that you've have this struggle too. Yeah. I've had many therapists and many people tell me, well, you didn't need that. You'd have been, you didn't. And I don't trust them. No, me either. It's like, dumbo's feather, I think I needed that. I don't know where you come down on all this, The exact same kind of confusion as you do, and the exact same conversations with therapists as you've had.


I, I always think, yeah, there was like maybe a parallel universe version of me that was kind of happy and as an accountant. And so, but you know, the painful thing is the thing that person told you is, no, you didn't need that. And that's even worse. Yes. You know, because then it was just for nothing. It Was a waste of time. I Just feel like we got into jobs that no one was asking us ever to do. Like no one wanted you to host a TV show. No one asked me to be Connect. They still, they still Retroactively trying to still, People are trying to like, can we delete that 30 years of we're No. But more and more I think I'm here out of a weird compulsion of that I don't have a control over.


Of course. And I, I, I think about you and You are anxiety and You are not the typical, Hey, put that light on me. Right, exactly. Because I'm ready to shine. See, I've got a song for you, but something Yeah. Pushed this young anxious kid. I mean, I, I know that you were so anxious as a child getting on the bus to go to school. Yeah, yeah. You would Cry. That's right. And They had to kind of come up. Well, you tell me. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, no, I would cry. I cried every day in when I, when I got to school. But they, they didn't want me to cry on the bus. The bus driver did not want me to cry. 'cause I guess it was probably dangerous for me to be weeping in the back of a mu huge moving vehicle.


But basically, I don't see why that's a danger. Yeah. I'm trying to do the math And I I don't see how it affects the operation of the vehicle. Oh no, it could, yeah. I could see be leap down into the transmission guide. I would use Our sleeve as a tissue, But Basically, so No. Right. So if, so, so she set up this system where if I didn't cry every day until Friday, on Friday, she would give out Tootsie Roll pops to all the kids on the bus. If I didn't, if I made it through the week without crying on the bus. And so you would hear on Fridays from down the street windows open on the bus. Don't cry, Jesse Don't cry, Jesse. Oh no. Yeah. Oh my God. But wait a minute, this is so sick. You're, it's not like the treats just for you. It's everyone else which is creating this group thing.


Yes. It's the, it's evil. It's the equivalent of if you don't do all the pushups, everybody in this room has to do 10 more. That's Insane. You know what I mean? Yeah. And giving me ideas. No, no, no, no, no. On how to run a podcast company. Yeah. But oh my God, that is Yeah. Wrong slash kind of ingenious. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's All that stuff. Listen, that was her wound. And now she's an artist too, that bus driver And an amazing athlete. Yes, exactly. And that was her will to power. But Yeah, I was just, I was a miserable, miserable kid with good parents. I, I feel uncomfortable saying this in public 'cause I don't wanna like demonize my well-meaning good parent and and good parents. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I was just like wired to be absolutely miserable.


And you know, performing for me was kind of like an outlet, but not like an outlet. Like I feel myself here. It was more just an outlet to literally just get out of school. Like if I got into a show, it meant I could leave early from school on various days and rehearse and be with adults, which was the only place at the time I felt like a comfortable, You have this great quote when playing a role, I would feel more comfortable as you're given a prescribed way of behaving. Yeah. And I thought that is, I understand someone's telling you. Yeah. All the anxiety you might have Jesse, about what am I supposed to say or do in this one particular situation? Right. But if you're in the seagull Yeah. You know, like, no, I'm supposed to enter and then I'm supposed to leave and shoot myself.


Right. Exactly. This is what I'm supposed to do. Exactly. And there's a calm that might come with that. Yeah, Exactly. And not only a calm, but like cathar catharsis because the characters are emotional and it's like the thing I feel all the time bubbling under my surface, but is inappropriate to do in public, you know, to have like an emotion or, you know, and also it's a burden on other people. Of course. So I don't emote in public, but like to have that catharsis, you know, is really helpful. You weren't just drawn to acting specifically musical theater. Well That was like the thing that was like available. See, like they weren't doing the seagull in, you know, community theater New Jersey, you know, They were doing the musical version of it. Yeah, exactly. I got to go and commit suicide.


Everybody had jazz wings. But So, you know, so that's just, just like what was happening in children's theater at the time where I lived. You know, I Now I see a wonderful gr chasm between me and musical theater in terms of like performance style. That's not where I would shine these days. It's funny 'cause now I'm having this other like flashback memory of, I dunno if you remember this Sona, but when we were doing the shows during Covid. Yeah. I think You are one of the first Yes. People. Yes. That's right. You may have been, you may have been the first guest I talked to. Covid. Hit all the shows, shut down, then we all came back I think on the same day.


And we were doing virtual, Virtual interviews, zoom interviews, and I think everyone else really had their shit together. And they were talking to guests who were in their home, but with state-of-the-art zoom. Of course. Of course. And I was very excited that you were gonna be like the first guest back. Yeah. Oh, great. We got Jesse Eisenberg. This is gonna be great. And your family had gotten into a van and you were just driving across America. That's exactly right. I think you try and escape covid. Yeah. In a van in America. Which doesn't work, by the way. But I remembered you having possibly the worst zoom signal I've ever seen. And this was on television.


You could probably look it up and see it. Yeah. But it looks like I'm talking to, it looks like it's 1962 and I'm talking to a Russian cosmonaut who's in space. Exactly. Yuri Gregorian. How are you? What about, and then it would go out and then you'd come back in again. Yeah. And occasionally I could see, you know, like your family in the background. Yeah. Trying to swat away covid that And there was a coyote. Exactly right. It was craziness. Yes. That wow. Yes, exactly. No, I was like at a KOA, like a campsite, you know, where we stayed overnight. Right, right. And the inter, the K OA is known for a lot of things, but not the wifi. So Yeah, it was, it was pretty bad. Yeah. Sorry about All that. Oh no, No. It, hey, I'm remembering it. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


That's true. What I've remembered is I rem those are the things I remember in show business. There've been many, you know, flawless, perfectly executed technicolor interviews that I'll never remember. Yeah. But I just remember you in a baseball cap and your family trying to outrun Yeah. A virus in a van. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Long story short, it cut up with us. Yeah. Caught up with a lot of us. Yeah. Yeah. Ultimately, yeah. The only one who didn't get it, Sona, who ate garlic, right? Yes. I ate garlic. Lots of garlic, lots of lemon. But I did eventually get it Right. So even garlic can't outrun covid. Wow. Not even the root garlic. Not even the root. I know.


Wow. But you know, Gourley who's not here has never had it yet. Really? Yeah. He's never had it. Maybe he's out with Covid right now. He could be. He could be. And Eduardo never had it up until like a month ago. Oh wow. Yeah. I know. Isn't that crazy? Are there people who are immune to it? Like actually like, I have no idea. I thought I was a Mutant you. Yeah, of course you must have. And you were around people, right. Who of course had it And he got real cocky about it and he said he kept, he was always shouting, COVID can never get me. Yeah. Remember? That's right. And if someone had covid, he would, he would grab them and open mouth, kiss them. Right. Exactly. He got me toed a couple of times for that. That's right. And then finally you ordered a hamburger and you said, put a little extra covid on it and you finally caught it.


Got it. So it was ultimately was your fault. Yeah. Fault in my stories. It's always the other person. Right. Of course. Put a little extra covid on it. Yeah. Hey, I, I said I wanted Covid. I want two scoops. Make it real Covid. You call this Covid.


Jesus Christ Sonia, you like to travel, you like to go away and have a good time, right? I do. I like taking the boys and tak And I go somewhere. Yeah. For the holidays this year we're thinking about to, you know, just taking a trip to, you know, lake Arrowhead for Okay. For a week or something, you know, just somewhere nearby Lake Arrowhead. That'd be beautiful. It would. Yeah. And then it occurred to me recently what happens because you've got a lovely home. Yeah. You guys have a beautiful home. You've done a very nice restoration on it. What happens to your home when you guys are away? It just Sits there. It just sits there. There. Oh, it shouldn't, yeah, I know. It shouldn't. I know. Think about it. If you host, okay. If you host with Airbnb while you're away, it's basically like you're getting paid to travel. Exactly. I mean, it's genius. I know. So don't leave money on the table the next time you're outta town. When you're away, you're home. Could be an air be and B Yeah. It's a cool idea. I know. Think about it. I will. And I've got good ideas. Your home, AKA, your future Airbnb might be worth more than you think. I think yours would be worth a lot. 'cause you guys did a beautiful job on it. Thank You. I hope so. Yeah. Find out how much your home's worth it. Airbnb dot com slash host.


God, I'm looking forward to the holiday party this year. We have a staff holiday party that is, and I'm gonna use, it's a new term that the kids use. You probably haven't heard it before. Off the hook. Oh. And Yep. Oh No. Yep. Just heard that on the street the other day. That's really old. And I love our party. And one of the things I love about it's, we always elevate it with Miller Lite. Ugh. I like it when things taste like Miller time. I do. It's the taste you can depend on. No games, no gimmicks, Miller Light's brewed for taste. It hits different than any other light beers. And here's the clue, right? You're thinking like, how do they do it? It's simple ingredients. Sometimes people are doing a beer and they're like, oh, oregano. Hey, I have an idea. There's the spice I found I found a spice in Middle Earth. No, it's so simple. Simple ingredients, malted barley for rich, balanced toughy note flavors. And the iconic golden color. It's the original light beer since 1975 when Red Sox won the Penant. Right. And it's still the best one. We all get together. We're around the fire pit, we're having a good time. And we're coffin, we're drinking down those Miller lights. Glug glug, glug glug. Yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum yum. Making memories at year end gatherings with your staff, whether it's Chaz Billington, Phil Rockingham, Stu Mullaney, Bix, Taaz and Hazer tastes like Miller time. Go to Miller lite.com/kona to find delivery options near you. Or you can pick up some Miller Light anywhere they sell beer tastes like Miller Times. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories and 3.2 carbs per 12 ounces. Fewer calories and carbs than premium regular beer.


The new Sonic Queso smash is now available. You're gonna want to try this. They made the Sonic Smasher you love. 'cause you do love your Sonic Smasher, don't you Sonic? I love Sonic Smashes And I love queso. Yeah. Well, guess what? They took the Sonic Smasher you love and they added the new creamy queso in hand. Smash patties Made to order. Just makes my brain explode. I just saw your brain explode in Queso came out the Sonic queso smashes the perfect combination of Angus Pat's creamy queso, jalapenos and a Southwest aioli. Sounds like juicy goodness to me. All that s left to do is choose a double or a triple make mine, two triples. That's a sex tt. The new Sonic Queso Smasher Live Free Eat Sonic.


I gotta ask you, I know you did zombie land with him, and so I have to ask you about Woody Harrelson because he's an unsolvable mystery. Oh yeah. To me. And I ask because he, in my little podcast company, he does a podcast, a very good podcast that he does. Oh, right. With Ted Dancing. With Ted dancing. They do it together in this very room. And whenever I encounter Woody, I, I convinced he's not real. I'm convinced he's not a real person. And in all the best ways I adore him. I Get it. I love him. There's something, he is an icon and in some ways, like emblematic of what we think of as like am or for me at least, Americana. And yeah. We, we were working together for the last four months up until last week.


We just finished doing a movie in, in Budapest together. Now you see me three, it was our sixth project together. And I still have that feeling that he transcends the species somehow. I don't know. All I, The thing I've, It's, he says he's fascinating. He's a fascinating creature. The, The way I've like been able to codify him in my mind just recently is the following. He is a truly eccentric artist masquerading as an every man. Yes. I, I really think so. I believe that he's actually an eccentric artist with very unusual taste. But like, he's just been embraced. And I think it's not by de by by, by his own decision or intent. Like by America as like the person we can all agree on.


Yes. You know what I mean? Yeah. It's like him and Paul Rudd are the people that everyone's agreed. They're, we Love them. They're great. Yeah. You know, And I think so. Yeah. I, and, but Woody Woody has a special cultural thing too, because he has a Midwestern, he has a southern twang and a Midwestern charms. He grew up in Ohio and Texas. And so there's something culturally, I think also a little confusing. 'cause he's also hippie and you know, he has a weed store down the block here. So there's like, I think there's so many wonderfully contradicting things happening that we all feel he's with us. And We've, I mean, mentioned it, but it was a big episode here. But it was, you may not be aware of this, that I was here with Ted and we were waiting on Woody and they said he's good.


He's, And then we got this message. Yeah. Woody's running late. He was in a motorcycle accident. Oh wow. Yeah. And I was, I was saying he was in a motorcycle accident. Let's all rush to the hospital and go make sure he's okay. And they're like, no, he's just gonna be 15 minutes late. And he showed up 15 minutes late and he had gone like ass over tea kettle over the hood of a car. Right. Not wearing armor. Yeah. And Ted bandaged him, And then we did the podcast. Oh my God. And I'm, and he's like, I'll be All right man. You know what? No, yeah, yeah, yeah. You're no, what are you doing? A week later we were shooting a movie in Budapest that was like right after that. Oh, was it right after that? Yeah. I'm also furious with him.


Yeah. Because he pulled me aside and said, Hey man, you want to go 50 50 with me on a houseboat in Amsterdam? Oh, yeah. And I'm like, to co-own a houseboat in Amsterdam with Woody Harrelson, I could dine out on that for the rest of my life. Of course, of course. And so I said, yes. Yes. And he said, don't you have to talk to your wife? And I said, no, I'm just saying yes right now. Yeah. I don't, he said, do you need to see pictures? I said, no. Right. I if, you know, if I've never seen it, of course I'm gonna tell people. Yeah. Woody Harrelson And I Yeah. Co-own a houseboat in Am Amsterdam. Three days later we don't talk. He's taping a podcast right in here and he is talking to Flea and on air. He goes, he you wanna go half and half on a And I practically crashed the door down.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I'm like yelling at him. You never intended. He was just laughing in my face. Okay. To be fair, he doesn't know fractions. So He is sold. It's like that conman who sold a million halves. Yeah. You get a half. Yeah. All thousand of you. Now, if I could just leave town with this suitcase full of cash. Yeah. He's he's the music Man. The monorail. Yeah. He's The music man. Yeah. Or the Monterey is Lyle Landy the Mu. Yeah, exactly. But one of the things I love the most about being in this business is just meeting all these characters.


Yeah. These authentic people. Yeah. And I just, and just, to me, that's the price of admission. I mean, I'm, it's worth everything. It makes it all worthwhile. Yeah. Lemme ask you this though, like, how much eccentricity do you think is manufactured by people trying to be interesting? I think, I think it's less. Yes. I know what you mean. I think there's eccentricity that's manufactured by celebrities, famous people, whatever you wanna call them. People of note, there's some eccentricity. I think the, the thing that's manufactured the most is difficulty. I think that's what I've noticed is Purposely manufactured, Purposely manufactured difficulty.


Because it almost creates a sense of importance sometimes I think when someone's being very difficult or there's a lot of demands and they have a giant entourage and everything has to be just right. I think this person's unhappy. This person is trying to create something because they don't feel authentic enough. But, but, but, but what they, what they'd be doing would be compromising, potentially being liked. And when do those two things come into conflict in a way that still makes them demanding? Right. I, I mean, I wish I could answer the question. I just have seen it a million times. Right. And it always feels like it's coming from the same place of needing to feel externally important because something is missing. I Know that when I was doing the late night show, Bruce Springsteen came to perform and he showed up himself.


Right. And he's wearing a flannel shirt. Right. He's hanging out in the hallway and afterwards someone bought a case of beer and we all cracked it open. We were standing around drinking beer. Like Yeah. Because he didn't need Yeah. Of Course. Validation. Right. He didn't need that. And then occasionally there's someone who, they're not even the number one name on the call sheet or of the show they're on. That's, and there's a lot of demands. Of course. Yeah. That's always the Case. Yes. And I'd like to keep the limo afterwards. Right. And I'd also, when I get there, this is what the temperature should be. Right. Of course. And to me, that's the pathology of A little bit. Of course. That makes a lot more sense. Of course. And when you meet an authentic person, there's something, there's a little piece of zinc in our brains as as human Yeah.


Humanoids. Where we know, oh, okay, this person is authentic. This Woody Harrelson guy is not making shit up. He's real. Yeah. Yeah. Do you know what I Mean? Well, some stuff is made up. Yeah. And the Yeah. The cell phone tower, you know, I mean, But cell phone tower. Yes, yes, yes. Well, I think he believes it. That's true. Is true. The truth is he believes it. Oh my God. That's what's made up is that he has a houseboat in Amsterdam. That's the bullshit that doesn't even exist. What if it's Just you and flea who own this houseboat? That's What's gonna be, that's cool too though. It's, no, it's not the same. Fleas just gonna be doing base scales the whole time really fast. And I'd be like, Jesus flea. Do you know another instrument? Yeah. Wait, you guys are living in the houseboat.


I don't understand why. Yeah. That's the whole point. When Jesse And I get a houseboat, which is gonna happen, Jesse, of course, we're gonna live there together. Oh Yeah. If you have the houseboat, why would you not live there all the time? Even when you have to go visit your families back home. You stay in the house. But in Amsterdam, This actually leads me to your film naturally, which It does. It does. I it leads me to your film because a real pain costars you at Kieran Culkin as cousins. I saw a trailer first before I saw the film as often happens. And the second I saw you and Kieran together, I was just, oh, this is gonna be great.


Oh, thanks. Because I adore both of you. I think you're both fantastic actors, but you also both play very well, different registers. The two of you play these cousins who in many ways could not be more different for a movie that has a lot of dark and meaningful subtext. You two are so funny and real together. Oh, thanks. It's really beautiful. Yeah, it's funny 'cause I hadn't like really seen his work ever. I mean, really, I, I, I just had this instinct that there was no one else on the planet who could do it. I met him at an audition for this movie, Adventureland. I was already cast in the movie. And he came in to audition for it. And in the audition he like literally grabbed my nipples and twisted them.


It was in the, in the script. In the script. He was supposed to like punch me in the balls. And a lot of actors are coming in and no one touched me that day. 'cause they was, it was auditions, you know what I mean? Right. And like, and yet Kieran punched me in the balls and then grabbed my nipples, twisted them. And was so brilliantly funny in the audition that he didn't even get the role, but he, he, he actually actually wasn't cast, but I remember he left In class because he sexually assaulted. Yeah, yeah, yeah. There was a whole, he had to do a little time to go away for a bit. And screen actors guild, they do take you back after, After a pro, after a pro preparatory period. But anyway, he, no, but basically like he, he, he left the room and the director And I turned to each other. I was like, that was unbelievable. This guy is amazing.


And that was like in 2009, I think. And I just had this image, I think in my unconscious or this feeling of being around a guy who's so funny, who's so magnetic and who doesn't kind of give a shit about at that point, like being polite or being like the obsequious, auditioning actor of like, how, you know, so happy to be here. And a guy who just immediately manhandled me. And it's kind of what the movie is like in the movie. I pay for the trip. I have the family. Well, let's lay it out for people just because, you know, I, I never like to give too much away. But it is a really lovely movie and like a tone poem. But also it's a, it's a, it's a travel story. It's the story of two cousins that you're taking this very meaningful trip.


Your grandmother who, the story, she survived the war, she survived the camps. Right. She in Poland. So you guys are coming back as part of this tour to tour Poland. See some of the sites, you visit a concentration camp and then you go to see the home where she lived in a kind of Felix and Oscar way. You're so good at being very high strung and trying to hold it all together. Right. And very responsible. And he is so irresponsible in these very funny ways. And I was watching this movie thinking, well there can be more movies where you two, I mean, you could, you can do you two characters can do anything.


Yeah. Yeah. Because it's just gonna be funny. But there's also, it's real, it's very meaningful. That's so nice of you to say. And actually the original script was said in Mongolia. I was like 30 pages into the script of these two guys going to Mongolia to visit an old friend. You're The new Hope and Crosby, that's, You are gonna be traveling. Look it up kids. It's a really good reference. Yeah. Next Week we're going to the Orient, you know, But It was basically like, it was, yeah. That it was. And so like, I had this great dynamic and then the movie, this Mongolia script was not going well. And this is kind of funny, but like the script was not going well. It was 30 pages into the script and an ad popped up on the internet for Auschwitz tours. And then in parentheses with lunch, Jesus.


Oh my God. That's what it said. Auschwitz parentheses with lunch. No Auschwitz tours. Auschwitz tours. Yeah. With lunch. Yeah, with lunch with I know. I'm getting it. I know. My god, Should I say it again? I can come closer. Yeah. Yeah. So basically, And I was like, first of all, I knew immediately what the ad was for. I mean Right. But the implication of what the ad was for, which was just, you know, you want to do tours, but you're, The ad's a little tone deaf. Let's, let's say, you can mention with lunch maybe El elsewhere. Yeah. Maybe put an asterisk there and then address the asterisk after you click the banner. But basically, but what, but actually what they're appealing to is exactly why the tone deaf, why the ad is tone deaf. 'cause they're appealing to yuppies who wanna, instead of going to Rome, this, this, this holiday, now you're gonna go to Auschwitz, you know, and you're doing your responsible tourism, which is a good thing to do anyway.


But as soon as I saw that I chained, I took the characters out of Mongolian And I set them on this Polish trip. But that was really the feeling is like you could drop these characters in anywhere, in any scene and it will still be amusing. And so, like what you said, like they're going to all of these places fraught with, you know, the history of trauma and yet the characters have like an appealing bond that you can kind of just repeat and and further uncover. There's also this feeling that we've all had, there are moments in the film where you're meant to feel something. You're not quite feeling it in the same magnitude that you feel you should be feeling it. Exactly. And I thought that is something we've all experienced. Yeah. Where you go to a hallowed space or you're learning about something.


I mean, I'm a history buff and I've been to many places where very traumatic things happened. And then you're like, well, we're gonna miss the tram if we don't get mo. Exactly. You know, it's very weird. It's very weird. It's very weird to lay the two on each other. Yes. I've thought about this so much, not just because of making the movie, but because I do the same kind of tourism. I've been to the Randan Genocide Museum in Kigali and in Cambodia, the, you know, killing fields. I'm fascinated with this kind of tourism and yes, there's always the weird part of it. Like, we have to get lunch on the way there. Do we get bad lunch because bad things happened here. Right. Right. Or do we get the lunch we like because we wanna have the energy to tour this place. And it's so weird. So in the movie, the characters are like kind of trying to reconcile that disconnect, this necessary disconnect.


Like we're on the train going to a concentration camp and we have first class seats because the, you know, exchange rate in Poland allows for us to have this, you know, we're on a yuppie tour of Poland and Kieran's character cannot stand the fact that we're in first class, but like, coach is not that much better. You know what I mean? No, He goes, he's, you know, he's saying our people were put on trains in Poland in this terrible situation to be killed. Right. And here we are 70 years later on a train Right. With really cushy seats. Yeah. Eating this fancy meal in first class. This isn't right. And he goes storming off Yeah.


To go to another class. Yeah. And one of the characters yells out, it's not gonna be that much worse. Yeah. Hair. And so to me the, the, the beauty of the film is when you can kind of dance on a knife's edge, right. Between the darkness, but also the, the humanity that is, people are imperfect. We don't always feel exactly what we're supposed to feel. There's always someone in the room who if you say, oh my God, they're, I just bit into this sandwich and it's, it's, it's all, it's got mold all over it. This is terrible. Oh yeah. Well guess what? Yeah, exactly. Some people never got to have a sandwich and they're dead. And so you can't always pull it. No, I still want the good sandwich.


Right, right, right. I don't want mold on my sandwich. I'm sorry that someone else didn't get a sandwich 800 years ago, but Right. God dammit. I want the good one. Yes. But also, what if you did also have this kind of residual guilt that other people didn't have the sandwich and your moldy sandwich is not something to even have pity for. Right. You know what I mean? Like, there, there could be a version of you that goes like, oh my god. Yeah, you're right. I'm feeling bad over something I haven't earned. You know? Yes. Not that that's a good feeling to have, but I, Well I had a similar experience. You know, your movie is about, because this is based on something you've done, you and your wife, your family have taken trips. Poland is very important to you. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, my family, I'm telling you, I'm not asking you. Oh, thanks. I'm just telling you that PO is Important to You.


Are there any other countries I should look into as being important? You're also into Guam. Okay. Okay. So Protectorates. Yes. Yeah. Man, you're chucking up the points left and right. Yeah. But I mean, I, I I know that that's something that this is reflects part of your life. Yeah, exactly. Like the house we filmed the movie at that the characters wind up at, at the end of the movie is the house my family lived in up until 1939. And yeah, my wife And I kind of took this trip, but not on like a guided tour and went to all these cities. And all the stories that the characters tell are basically just stories from my family. I just, you know, insert them in these kind of, you know, fictionalized ways. Are You, is it right that you're trying to get Polish citizenship?


Yes. I have a social security number in Poland, but I don't have Mypassport right now. Yeah. It's one seven and then the rest are Polish characters, so it doesn't translate. It's one seven Zw zw czw. Yeah. Scammers try and use that. Yeah. But I haven't got my passport. And I was supposed to get my passport on Wednesday at the next Wednesday, like in several days, a few days from now at the Polish Embassy in DC And then I was just emailed last night. You're not getting it there. And so, I dunno, I've been like chasing this thing for a while, but I, this would be So cool to have a Yeah, I, I can, I have some envy here because I, my, I'm a hundred percent Irish. Right. And, but the rule is your, I think your grandfather had to have been from Ireland.


Right. And it's my great-grandfather, so I do not qualify, but I've always thought, wouldn't it be amazing to have an Irish passport? Yeah. Because I could, I could flee if there's Yeah. And I could escape from my crimes, my heinous crimes. Okay. And don't go Anywhere. What's that? Don't, don't go anywhere. Oh, you'll mystic around. Yeah. I like this job. Oh, Okay. Get he'll get another Conan O'Brien. There's always another Conan O'Brien. And you could do it remotely. Exactly. You know? Yeah. Ireland has many wonderful studios in A van just like You. Yeah, exactly. But I had the experience of going back to Ireland to shoot a show, this travel show we did for Max and, you know, we're, I'm doing shooting a lot of comedy and a lot of very silly stuff.


And then there was one part where this woman took me to the actual plot of land that my Oh wow. That my great grandfather lived on. Wow. And I get there and I'm looking at this beautiful view. Yeah. Gorgeous view of the gobbly mountains. And like the ice in my heart started to melt a bit. Really? Wow. Yeah, I did. I felt very, And I said to her, I said, God, look at this view. And this is where he lived. She said, yeah, they lived in a, the shack is gone now, but the, this is where they lived. And I've looked at the records and it would've been basically a one, one or two rooms and they lived here. And, And I am looking at it and feeling very emotional And I said, well, this so beautiful here. 'cause it was absolutely gorgeous.


It was like an Irish spring ad, you know, it was just a gorgeous, you know, leprechaun Ireland and mountains in the distance. And foolishly, I said to the woman, why did they, why, why did he leave? Yeah. You know, and she said, 'cause you can't eat the view. Oh my God. She, and it was, There's the tagline for Ireland. I know, But I mean, it was very Powerful. Yeah. They Had, there was not enough food. They didn't, you know, and she's, she was like, yeah, there are good. That's beautiful mountains. You can't eat the fucking mountains. You, they Had to go about that little, I added fucking, I'm making her more of a character now. That's amazing. You Can and mountains, Kenya.


And then there was a burst of smoke and she turned into a bat. Jesus. Yeah. She, And That's pretty amazing. Yeah. But, but were you surprised that the feeling snuck up on you? Yes, I was, whenever I have any kind of emotion, I'm shocked and dismayed. Was it something specific? Like Did you think, oh, that man would've looked at this view? Yes. I was thinking that man would've looked at this. He had to go. I also knew very sad things about him. He, he, back then, there was no going back. There was no writing to people. There was no, I mean, a lot of people left.


They went to America. My people went to central Massachusetts to farm country and starting again. But this relative of mine who left struggled with alcoholism. And it was a real problem for him. And, and just when people have said to me, oh, are you in touch with the people back home in Ireland? Well, no, there was no keeping in touch with anybody. Right. They just went, you know, it was very dark. Yeah. It was a very, and, and So anyway, I your story, your movie had some resonance for me as it would for, I mean, I think so many people, so many of us are immigrants. Yeah. We're all immigrants. And it's much discussed in the news now, but all of us have, that's, all of us have moved on and all of us have come here and we're all curious about where we came from.


And It does sneak up on you. It gets, it gets emotional in a strange way. I had like a similar experience to you. You, I'm like really always on the edge of emotions and maybe you're not. And so maybe, I think I had almost like the x-ray inverse of your experience. I went to this house again, we filmed this movie there, but 2008, my wife And I went to this house that my family was from and It's the mo it's the house that I've seen Exactly. In the movie. Yeah. Yeah. And with a view you could eat and Mountains made of meatballs, a pastrami volcano come To Poland. The view you can eat not like island. We, and not the, not the, it Is, it basically is candy land.


Yeah. Not this inedible, it's up the gum. Drop mountain, Not those gross views Look at all as an inedible view. Anyway, nonetheless, there's Poland Better than island In terms of the views you can eat. But basically like, so my wife And I went to this house And I knew so much about the house, and forgive me for like taking this in. That's okay. Go for it. Like, forgive me for taking this in. Like, kind of like a, you know, bleak direction. But, you know, what happened in the house was like my family owned this dry good store on the corner of this, of this town square in, in this nice, very nice town in Poland. And they were friends with the poles. I, I mean I know this from, 'cause I'm I, they're survivors.


They were really good, well liked in the town, and in 1939, they were taken outta their house. They were taken to the cemetery, which is like two blocks away, and they were shot, like point blank. And then, then my, my, you know, we actually parked our trailers and we were shooting there outside the cemetery. So this whole town was kind of fraught with not only memories that I had. Let me put it this way, in 2008, I went to this house And I expected to have very much the experience you just described, that I would be overwhelmed with this feeling of catharsis and a kind of like, immediately, you know, resonant feeling of connection. And I really didn't. And what was interesting, like, about that strange disconnect for me was like, I just had this feeling of like, oh yeah, we don't belong here anymore.


You know? And that was kind of depressing. And like, I was standing out there for a while, like with my wife, And then we werere just basically loitering, you know, in front of this building, in this town square. And I just had this feeling of, oh, right. None of us are here anymore. And then I had this other weird feeling is when I was going into that town, I guess I assumed I would see people that look like me, And I didn't. And you know, there were no Jews left in the town. Yeah. And so it was this weird thing. It was an emptiness I was left with not the catharsis that I was expecting to have. Well, it's always difficult to feel the pressure to have an emotion because that's not how it's supposed to work. That's true. And this is reminding me, I've shot a bunch of shows around the world because I'm just very fascinated.


I, I, you know, have a real wanderlust. And I, I loved my talk show days, but I was always very jealous when someone like you would sit down next to me and, you know, next to, you know, Jesse Heisenberg. Jesse, how are you? Well, I'm good. I just got back from Budapest where I was with it. Yeah, of course. And I would think, I've never been there. Wow. And I have to be in this seat. I get to. Yeah. I loved it. So the minute I started to invent this way to go to these different countries, and one of the countries that we went to was Armenia. And Sona came with me, and we were shooting all this very fun stuff in Armenia and silly things. And you And I are dressing up as shepherds and Yeah.


We're in fields and we're wearing, you know, so we were shooting all this stuff, and then we went to, We went to the genocide Memorial. The genocide memorial. Yeah. And suddenly, I mean, we're not idiots. I didn't go thinking, oh, that's not be fun. You know, We'll get some good comedy Here. I'm not a monster. Hey, why am I feeling these feelings? What is this water coming out of my face? But, But we went there and it was, well, you take over. Oh, it was heavy. It was really heavy. Yeah. I mean, I, I'd never been to Armenia. I am Armenian. Oh, oh, oh. I felt a lot of what Conan was saying about how You get there.


I was crying the entire time I was there, I feel like. But then I saw my dad's village engraved Oh, wow. In the, in the, in the wall of all the villages that were affected by the genocide. Wow. And I, it's like, I instantly just felt some kind of connection to my grandparents. Wow. It was like, I'm feeling emotional talking about it now. It's, it was a amazing, it was one of probably the most like heart wrenching moments of my life. Were you also not expecting? I wasn't, I was not expecting to feel that overwhelmed about it. I don't know. I mean, I think that something just like got very triggered in me. Yeah. And it was, you, you suddenly feel very connected to your past. Exactly. Yeah. It puts, it puts everything into a very different perspective Also.


I, I always have, I, I don't know if you felt this or you felt that, but I I'm so lucky to be here. Of course. Yes. That's the feeling I have. Of course. We're luck. We're lucky that Yes. Yeah. That I am enraged by people. We live in this world where, you know, if we're in this business, we're extremely fortunate. And the thing that really angers me is when, when people act entitled, I just, it makes me insane. Except when I do it. Yeah, of course. But no, I, I get very angry at entitlement. I profoundly understand that I am here because a lot of, of course, people, you know, this relative of mine, and it's not that long ago, late 19th century said, I gotta go and walked outta that town, made it to central Massachusetts.


And there's all these other people that come after that that don't get one, 1000000000th of my opportunities. Exactly. And then I'm here and standing on millions of shoulders, you know? Of course. And so that's the feeling I have. And I I, I do think without getting overtly political, people forget that people think I'm here because I made this happen. Of course. And I think, I know I didn't, I've made some things happen in my life. Right. And I, but in the context of opportunity, In the context of amazing opportunities, of course, that everyone else provided for me. Are you Especially? No kidding. Okay.


All right. Eisenberg. Okay. I don't know what it's like to be blessed with talent, but I did what I had to do. But No, it's like, it's, it's, it's such a, you know, going back to this film you made is about a lot. It's, it's interesting. It's a, it's a very lovely film. That's a very, and it's, it sounds crazy. It's very enjoyable Yeah. To watch. It's a really good movie and it's beautifully scored and it's beautifully directed.


And you guys are terrific actors and it's got so much lightness in it. And it's got, obviously it has some, some heaviness in it as well. But it's, you know, it's about, it's about so much and it's not, and it's, it's not overt in that way, but it's just, it's one of those films where I watched it And I just thought, okay, I have, this is making me feel all kinds of stuff in a very good way. Oh, that's so nice. I say, And I'm an unfeeling man. Yeah. It says a lot That you've had any experience of sentient watching it. It's just the goal. Why do I invite you back? I don't understand.


I think I like the punishment, don't you? I really do. I think you do. I really like, I think it's Grounding you. Yeah, it is. Yeah. I need grounding. Yeah. Yes. You need some Humility. I do. I've been sent in here by your wife. I saw on our Amex bill a $200,000 charge. Yeah. For, for it said Eisenberg therapy. I didn't know it's A speaking fee. I'm treating this like a state college. Well, listen, I congratulations on a real pain. And this is not just me. Everybody is talking about this film, and I know it's a word season, but people are a buzz about this film and rightly so.


And congratulations. And, and also just, you know, I am, I'm very proud to know you. I I, no, I really do. I'm, I'm proud to know you, you have a lot of character and I know you're tough on yourself and you're a real human being, which doesn't always happen in this town. And so, just a joy to have you Here. Thank you so much. That's so nice of you to say thank you for always being supportive of me. Well, We're gonna edit the, edit all this out. Sure. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. We're gonna add it. And I, once you leave, yeah. Yeah. I stay for an hour and it's just Eisenberg zingers. Got It, got it. Got It. And then we, And then we, we tape in you going, oh, Well I can't keep up.


I Can't keep up With K now. Yeah. And I'm like, yeah. Another thing, Eisenberg zing zing zinging. So he caught me. How did he know? He is probably the funny guy I've ever met. Hey, why does he sound like Jimmy Stewart? I don't Know. You only bought the Jimmy Stewart AI voice. We all just get, we All. Oh yeah. Well I made this movie that's, it's called A Real Pain. I, I go back to, I got a poll, you say, Yeah, Man, Conan, you're the funniest, funniest character I've ever met. And I, I swear to God, I've met 'em all. Yeah. I just love the idea that Jimmy Stewart's from anywhere like Poland.


Yeah. My people, we had to, you know, had to wave. We're in a shadow. You got any borsch on ya? I like a borsch. Yeah. Mr. Smith goes to cross the stop. God bless you. You too. Thank you. Jesse Eisenberg, man. Thanks a


lot. Sonia. You like to travel, you like to go away and have a good time, right? I do. I like taking the boys and Tak And I go somewhere. Yeah. For the holidays this year we're thinking about, you know, just taking a trip to, you know, lake Arrowhead for Okay. For a week or something, you know, know just somewhere nearby Lake Arrowhead. That'd be beautiful. It would. Yeah. And then it occurred to me recently what happens because you have got a lovely home. Yeah. You guys have a beautiful home. You've done a very nice restoration on it. What happens to your home when you guys are away? It Just sits there. It just sits there, there. It shouldn't, I know. It shouldn't think about it. If you host Okay. If you host with Airbnb while you're away, it's basically like you're getting paid to travel. Exactly. I mean, it's genius. I know. So don't leave money on the table the next time you're outta town. When you're away, you're home. Could be an air. Be and be. Yeah. It's a cool idea. I know. Think about it. I will. And I've got good ideas. Your home. AKA, your future Airbnb might be worth more than you think. I think yours would be worth a lot. 'cause you guys did a beautiful job on it. Thank You. I hope so. Yeah. Find out how much your home's worth it. Airbnb dot com


slash host


Amazon Prime is a collection of excellent services. Amazon Prime includes prime video, Amazon music, and free same day delivery. All of its services help you make the most of your holidays and enable your traditions to live on. I mean, how do we get along without this new technology? This Amazon? I Know if you wanna listen to all the holiday music, you could just put it on there. You wanna watch holiday movies? Yeah. But, and if you want a, you just put it on. What I do to my wife now is I say, see that? Click. Get that from me. What is that voice? I don't know why I talked that way. With Amazon Prime, You get next day free delivery. So everything you need arrives just in time. Amazon Prime encourages your ability to celebrate the holidays. Prime services don't simply help You get closer to your passions. They help you discover new things to get into, which is true. It's, it's a wonderful service. Whatever you're into or getting into, trust me, it's on Prime. Sign up for Amazon Prime today. From streaming to shopping. It's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into.


When you give a gift from Lll Bean, you're giving favorites in the making designed with thoughtfulness and care for years of joyful connection. That's really something. 'cause when I usually give a gift, it provides, I'm gonna say 15 minutes of joyful appreciation. Yeah. If that, yeah. I don't give great gifts. But LL bean years of joyful connection, like the Cozy Sherpa wearable throw made from Cozy Sherpa fleece with a hood and two hand pockets. What I love, two hand pockets I do Too. Over 1,805 star reviews and counting. That's a lot of five star reviews. A favorite gift for home camp or backyard. It's the perfect gift for anyone from teenagers. Listen to that Rock and roll. Yeah. To grandparents. Oh, it hurts to book club friends. Hmm. I read that. Shop The cozy wearable throw and more holiday favorites at llb.com/gifts.


Sona, Recently you met someone out in the wild. And I think that's about to lead us into an interesting journey. I need to talk about what happened to me on Saturday. Okay. Because I hosted all day and it was so much fun. I hosted the Pasadena Armenian Festival. Oh, Wow. Oh God. No. No. I'm, no, I was just curious. I was just curious who they got after I turned them down and then I turned them down. Yeah. Oh, Then you, Oh my God. Yeah. They called me And I was like, well, I can't do it. And then girly was like, no thanks. Which was really rude. No, thanks. I had a legitimate excuse. So, anyway, this is exciting. What happened? Yes. I had posted it up on Instagram that I was gonna be at this thing to just kind of help promote it.


And I had a few of our fans who aren't even Armenian, come to the festival to come meet me. Oh, that's cool. Which was honestly really cool. I, I, So, so these are non Armenians coming to an Armenian festival? Yes. Wow. And, and see, what did I tell you long ago? We, I have no idea. We unify people. Oh, okay. We do, we bring people together. Okay. Just say yes. You're right. Sure. Yeah. Okay. Yes, you're right. How that Evidence is there. 'cause the country seems pretty unified. Yeah. I brought us together. So can I call, can I give a shout out to a couple people who came? Sure. Dan, his Daniel came with his girlfriend.


Michelle Daniel's a fan. Michelle doesn't listen. So we could just forget Michelle. Well Then what the fuck Did you bring her up for? What's wrong with her? If he's listening, what is she doing? Just plugging her ears. And then Marianne and Dean came this. So they came all the way from, I think the Midwest. They, they drove all the way out there. No, they didn't. They, they, they not for me specifically. They came for something else, but then I was like a stop. So I'm just gonna tell myself it was for, for me. No, No. They didn't drive from the Midwest to go to an Armenian festival. No, They didn't. But they, they did. Let's just say they did. But they Oh, so Dean and Marianne, I met them. They're lovely people. Dean I find out, writes fan fiction about you.


He write, he writes it about a lot of things, but he also writes a lot of Conan O'Brien's specific fan fiction. Wow. I'm not, I have to say I am not familiar with the genre of fan fiction. I've heard about it, but I'm not familiar with what it actually entails. So I love it. He's writing fictitious things that happen to me. Yes. But you're leaving out a major descriptor. Okay. It's Explicit. It like it's erotic fan Fiction. It's erotic fa it's an erotic fan fiction. That doesn't surprise me. Oh, It, it an tic Surprise me. I'm an erotic character. I'm a i I ex neurotic. You're thinking neurotic. Oh, aren't they the same? Yeah. I, I think I ha I exude a sexuality.


It's Funny you say that. 'cause I was like, really Conan? And I'm like, he's just, you know, he's very, he's like, he, I was like, you know, I was talking to Dean and Maryanne And I said, he's just a very kind of repressed, got this repressed Catholic energy. And he said a lot of the fan fiction that he writes comes from you like coming out of your repression, Breaking, breaking out, Breaking outta your repression. See, this guy gets me. His name is Dean. Yes. Okay. Lemme tell you something. When someone's repressed, if anything, it means there's more sexual energy because it's trapped. It is. I guess you're Right. You're right. So when you say like, I never think of you as me, me, you're so repressed. Yes, yes.


A volcano. Just before it blows shooting it's hot. Lava gross. God, come On. Oh God no. Oh, I Now I'm thinking I know what gorley's up to. 'cause he is looking at his phone. Yeah. And he is either, either There's a 1940s hat sale in the Area. My erotic Fixation. Yeah. Oh wow. A Hamburg. Yeah. I'm, I mean I, I looked at just the descriptions. I said pass, but I can't do it. I'm gonna take us through some of these. For instance, here's one. Okay. This is a short introduction, but there's a ton of tags on this. Like nipple licking. Oh God. Not looking for constructive criticism. Smut porn with feelings blow drops.


Okay, here it is. Receiving an autograph and a hug from her giant ginger idol. Following a live taping of Conan O'Brien needs a friend would've been more than enough for Lily. But after he waves goodbye to the crowd, she realized Conan left a lot more than his signature behind. What does that Mean? You know, listen, you know, so you never read I love fan fiction. No, but yeah, but what does that mean? I think you Jizzed on the autograph. I agree. I think he like left her his info and then they had like a dalliance afterwards. Maria Was talking about She's supposed to code his DNA You Said you thought He gist on No, you're going down a awful row. What Did you joke? I'm meeting these people at their level. Let me remind you of some of these Tags. First of all, this is not fiction.


I remember Lily Teasing Dirty talk blow jobs face. Fuck. Wait, wait, wait. This is, don't read the, so you can click on any of these and it will lead to something about me in that scenario, or No, There's just tons and tons of These. No, there's, he's, he's got his, his, the website is, can I just say the website so people can go read it? The Website? Yeah. Let's help this guy. The website is called Archive of our own.org and these DRH paints. And he's got a lot of Conan specific fanfiction. Okay. I do think, And it's erotica. It's, it's, it's a lot of erotica and it's very explicit. 'cause that's the fun part about Fanfiction. Recently Engaged Conan enjoys a low key celebration with fiance Natasha at a Red Sox game where they get frisky in one of the VIP suites.


Yes. A a bunch of things. Here I am married, her name's not Natasha, and I've never been invited to a Red Sox VIP suite, nor nor what I, the ale are always in there. Yeah. After an aggravating day alongside Detective Terry Seattle, when asked a question, another of captivating Keith's former assistants, Conan finds the enchanting. Eden has more than a few tricks up her sleeve. This Is fun stuff. I'm, And I think it's very flattering. I mean, like, you know, there was an entire movie series, the after movie series that was based on fan fiction, written about Harry styles. Right. Like it's, I Just, do you think there's movie material, Harry? I'm just saying, I'm like, I I just think it's very flattering when people choose you as like a main character in any sort of literary kind of take they have on Anything.


This might be one of the best things that, that's ever happened to me. Oh, I don Okay. Maybe went too far After getting a taste of the submissive lifestyle while filming Conan Without Borders in Berlin, Conan seeks out dominatrix Miss Andrea to fulfill his fantasies. You Know what, this person knows her stuff. Oh yeah. We've, we've talked about That. I shot a dominatrix segment in Berlin and I'm still in pain from it. Oh, I see. These are lead-ins to the full, you have to kind of click through to get to the whole story. Yeah. These are just the beginning. You're leading just the these are just the, Here's a good one. Conan attends his 40th high school reunion where he finds out lolly, a fellow former student turned Brookline history teacher secretly pined after him and their youth.


Oh God, wait, It's called Not too late. It is too late. It's way too late. It should be called way too late. Their hips clicked as they entwined. Eventually Mrs. Skin hurts, said Conan. What was that? Said? His sexual partner. I can't hear you. 'cause of my oldness. Ow it hurts. Conan yelled, peeing pure blood into the toilet. Oh my God. Oh my God.


No. Lolly nodded. Eyeliner making her gaze appear smokey yet skittish. Yeah. Yeah. That sounds great. Conan's tongue wet. His lips. My hotel. Okay. Wet Lips. I'm done. I'm done. Wet Lips. I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't read it. No, no. This is terrible And I can't hear it. Hold On. We got this Good, but I'm saying, but I'm glad someone is finally seeing me as a sexual being. Oh. Because I've been ignored too long in that category. And that's just what a sexual person would say. Prefer too long. My sexuality is not seen, said the dynamo, the Lao Oh my God. Oh my God. No, Matt, if you keep, Keep reading it, I'm gonna burn this entire building down to the ground.


I Can't do it. Mouth stalling at her clavicle Con. Oh my God. Conan rose. It's, wait, wait. Say it again. Mouth stalling at her clavicle. What does that mean? Stalling. Like, I think you're working your mouth, you're working Your Weight. Oh, I should read the line before. Okay. Okay, here we go. Unsure. I'm always unsure in these situations, what's happening? Unsure precisely When Conan s spraying her breasts free mouth stalling at her clavicle. Conan rose eyes and ocean churning with uncertainty and craving. Okay, can we stop? Excuse me, ma'am. Yo, how rough do you like it? No. Blinking exhalations audible lolly studied him in silence. Feature set. I want you, oh, I can't, Can I just say one thing?


Stop. You know, can I say one thing To have to stop Now? I just wanted to stop. Can I always, can I say punch you in the fucking, can I say one thing? I always pause at the clavicle. Do you? That's your move. That's your Signature move. My signature move is the clavicle. Pause. Oh My God. This is Stop it. Stop. I'm not gonna read. I'm just saying This. I know. Stop. I'm gonna fucking punch your face. You Keep Saying it. Shut. Matt literally cannot fucking turned on. Don't shut up. He's getting turned on. Stabbed. I didn't know you had a fork to Dick. Okay. It's actually, it's more of a sport. It Needs to stop now. I'm just saying. This gets It's a fork. Fork, yeah. It's a fork in his spoon. It's good for If you want yogurt after salad, we'll take a break. We'll be right back. I'm stopping you. You gotta stop.


I'm not starting me. I'm not gonna read this. This stuff is Well then Stop. You keep, I I you keep dooms scrolling through. I'm not Read it out loud. I want to know what's going on. Just Put it down, man. Hey, step away from the phone. You are command of your faculties. I need to, I need to leave. Okay. I quit. I have to quit right now. Oh wow. First of all, you brought this Up. Done. I am done. You gave this person a forum. Yeah, I know. And also now you, he was really nice and his girlfriend was really nice And I thought, Hey, this is fun. You know what? It's nice to be appreciated. Let's put it that way. Okay. And can you, Can you guys just be quiet? I'm trying to read. Oh God. Okay. I'm, I'm gonna end the segment. Yes. But a thank I'm glad that you hosted the Armenian Mama Ma event Such it's a Pasadena Armenian festival.


Yes. Yes, yes. It was a lovely Day. Yeah. It sounds like these people really care about your culture. Sonas there we can reader our smart Well anyway, thanks for caring and for sharing to our fans. Put that down. Put the phone down. I can't, I want to hear the phone. It's a real page. Turner. Oh God. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sono of Cession and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive, produced by Adam Sacks, Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away.


Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick, talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista, and Brit Conn. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan? Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash Conan. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend.


Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded


At Capella University, we believe accessible education can make a difference in people's lives. That's why we offer scholarship opportunities to all eligible students. Whether you're considering a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, our teams will walk you through the process and help You get the savings You are eligible for. Furthering your education is an investment in yourself in Cap University. Learn more@capella.edu.


All set for your flight? Yep. I've got everything I need. Eye mask, neck pillow. T-Mobile headphones. Wait. T-Mobile. You bet free in-flight wifi. 15% off all Hilton Brands. I never go anywhere without T-Mobile. Same goes from a water bottle, chewing gum, Neo Clippers Passport. I'm gonna leave you to it. Find Out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel Qualifying plan required wifi. Were available on select US Airlines deposit and Hilton Honors membership required for 15%. Discount terms and conditions


apply.