
When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from idea to medicine, thanks to our intellectual property system or ip For short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US Innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip works.


Wonders, Man.


Holidays coming up. It gets pretty intense, doesn't it? It does. Very intense. During the holiday season, it feels like you're packing a lot into every second. Everything gets compressed pressure. It's stressful so much to do. That's why ADT spends all their seconds helping protect all of yours while you're out. The ADT Plus app gives you complete control over who has access to your home. Mm. With the Google Nest doorbell from ADT, you can know for sure if that's Santa or Aunt Mildred at the front door. See, I'd be suspicious 'cause I don't have an Aunt Mildred. It's Aunt Mildred. Thief. ADT has the largest number of companies owned 24 7 monitoring centers in the industry. when every second counts count on ADT. Visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT ASAP. Google and Google Nest doorbell are trademarks of Google LLC.


My name is Jim Gaffigan. And I. Feel. Tell myself I wasn't gonna cry. I feel like they're gonna edit this. No, I feel privilege. Oh, oh. About being Conan O Green. That's so nice. Fall here. Back to school. Ring Bell shoes. Walking loose the fence.


Friends. Hey there. Welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. I am the aforementioned COB Joined by Sono of Sesion Sm and mjg. I'll just, I don't wanna know your middle name. The less I know about you at this point, the better. You don't wanna know an animal too well before you put it down. Any hoots? What's up gang? What's happening? What's the hacks? You tell us. Yeah. Big news. Big news. Yep. Yep. It was announced. That was at Friday. I guess it was announced that. Well, This is evergreen. We like To keep these Oh, that's right. Sorry. Yes. There is some big news out there. Would you like to tell us what it is? Sona? Well, You've been tapped to host the Oscars in 2025, which is a really big deal.


It's really cool. That's, That's cool. Oh, why are you guys silently applauding? Oh, wow. guess what? That is the amount of applause I'll get when I walk out on stage. Hey, I think there's also partially it'll Reason the sound of two hands clapping. America's wanting to know, because, you know, Sona And I are essentially your co-hosts on this podcast. Why aren't we co-hosting the Oscars with You? Yes. Yes. I know I can I, can I, oh, I have to mention this Vulture article real quick. Okay. Because Vulture is my favorite entertainment art article. And. it said, Conan O'Brien will host the 2025 OS Academy Awards. And at the end it says, now that O'Brien is our official host, we gotta ask, will his assistant Sono Mosan be there? Will she get to be on stage?


What happens with Sono Mosan in all of this? So it's not just us asking, wait, nothing About Matthew James Gorley. You know what? After I said it, I was like, oh shit. He didn't mention it. Anyways, about I know, there's another article. It's in the Pasadena Post. Well, it's actually a, it's not, it's more of a supermarket circular. How do we fit in? What do we do? Okay. It said, it said 89 cent sale on roast beef, pre-sliced. And Matt j Gorley And, It definitively says, should not be, Should not be in anyway. Sona Sona. Where do we go? What do we, what do what do you want us to do, Boss? Okay. Sona. It's the Oscars. Yeah. I know they made him a, you know, they let me in, which was probably a mistake.


but I don't know. Sona. That's a big night. That's Come on I know so much about movies. You only Know about bond films. That's not true. That's true. That's not true. The movies you know about are not in the Criterion collection, let's put it that way. Come you You. Don't know about the classics. Are you kidding me? Yeah. See, this Is the type of shit you can have at the Oscars. Yeah. That's, this is, this is a great top to the show right here. What about you, Sona? What have you got to say for yourself? I pitch yourself. Pitch Yourself. I'm the only person in this, among the three of us who knows new things, including new movies, YouTube, New movies. Like after 1991. Yes, exactly.


So I think it's a natural Fit. Name one new movie. Yeah. That came, came out this year. Yeah. So you can't, now I'm on the spot and I'm really nervous. I'm a Nora Conclave, I know heretic with my boy Hugh. I mean, I, there's just, look. I can. Yeah, but I understand. Guys hit, but, but I understand. I'm A millennial. Okay. But you're pitching yourself And I. Think Vulture is pitching you. Yes. And shout out to Vulture. I think they, they do amazing work. but I love vulture. But they're okay. But iced by Vulture. God Damn Goly. But listen, pitch yourself for what you would do on air.


Okay? You're a millennial and stuff, but seriously, what are you gonna do? Okay. I can't sing. Right. Sold. I can't dance. And you have and you have heart Gs. I'm Ter Yeah. I'm terrible with like, if you have ma like prepared material For me. Oh, yes, yes. Anything that requires Yeah. I can do any accent. Okay, let's hear it. Oh My God. Gimme an accent. French, south African, French. French I can French is like this. I can do French. It's easy. South African. Say South African. I'm say no, you're Australian. That's Not bad. No. Yes. No. District nine. District nine. Yes. No, She's very good. Wait a minute.


Okay. Okay. Austrian. Atri, Austrian. Christoph Wa I is Austrian. But you Just say the names of people. Oh my God. And your impressions. Oh My God. Vulture. Are you Listening? Yeah. It's like a germanist. No. Fuck. I. know what that is. Now shut up there too much. Shaa Shaa. Sh What? What Shaa Shit in German. You said. Oh, Shaa. Oh no, I thought that was another thing you wanted me to do Ina I crush it with accent. No, No. Can I just say something? I was skeptical. You're out Gourley. And, and listen. No. Vul Vulture. I'm Hosting the Golden Globes. Yeah, sure. Yeah. But Sona, I am impressed. Yeah. Because now I'm thinking of all these really funny bits I could do where I'd say everyone's settle down and then I hear no, a French person in the crowd.


French Doesn't come in. Oscar and the crowd. Oh, the Oscar. Oscars are my Super Bowl. You guys have sports. I don't have sports. Listen, Matt, you are so not a part of this conversation that I can't even hear you right now. Okay. Oh my God. And. I. Guess it's a silent J. 'cause I can't hear you. Oh my God. Now Sona. Sona. Yeah. I think you have a good chance of being in the Oscar somehow. Thank you. Yeah. Scottish I can do Scottish. And guess what? I'm pretty sure I don't have to clear this with anybody at the academy. Yeah. I mean, my feeling is they gave me the keys to the whole show. That's my guess. Yeah, I think so. So, 'cause I, and so I guess what I say goes, so you're gonna be the first 40 minutes, and I'm gonna say, I'm gonna say, listen, the Oscars is all about, it's not just about the United States, it's about the world of film here now is everyone in the world representing all nations.


You come out in a combination of 15 different easy national costumes. Easy. And you welcome everybody in different accents. Yes. Go. Gimme an accent. Just start, do going, going. Oh, Flinch And. then we go, oh, well, schoolish Aish. I'm Aish person. I'm Scottish. Oh God. Me, you gotta get married. You can't do or me, I'm doing brave. This just, just, Hey, guess what? Shut. guess what? What? Girly. I've never agreed with son before, but you've got to shut the fuck up. I can't just like think of, can you just tell me accent Mexican?


Yeah, Mexican Do Mexican. Yeah. Yeah. In do it do Mexican In front of Eduardo. Yeah. I. can I be honest? I I am Not Look into his eyes and do a Mexican accent. Yeah. I, I'll do it like Conan. That's Not what I do I say. Okay. Okay. That's it. Listen, we're killing Time here. Listen. Yeah. That's, and the Oscars is all about killing time. Yes. It, it's when they run it efficiently, it's six hours long. You've got four hours where you have to come up with material.


And, I. No, no, no. It's four hours of solid show and all the stuff they have to get through. How important are the awards? I think I'm being given, I think I get probably a total of 48 seconds total on them. Okay. I mean, if they're smart, that's what they'll do. Anyway. Yes. I will be hosting the 2025 Oscars, apparently with son of Sesion, woman of a thousand voices. Yes. And with I'm gonna be nice here. The backstage behind the scenes. Hell, I'm the only one that would truly, truly appreciate this. No, you're gonna freeload her. No, you're just a goddamn coattail riding hack.


I'm the only one that loves. I said, you're gonna be there. I don wanna be backstage. I wanna be in the lights. I wanna be rubbing elbows with Nicholson. Nicholson Nielson. You'll have to go to his, he's at home in his basement. I. Don't Think he's been to the last, like 15 Oscars. He's living in another time. Oh, fuck you. Anyway, Let's get to it. We got a lot of, we got a lot of show today. My guest today is a hilarious comedian whose latest comedy special Jim Gaffigan. This skinny is now available to stream on Hulu. Jim Gaffigan, welcome.


I am thrilled that you are here because I was curious today, And I thought, how many times did Jim come on my late night show over the years? Because you were regular fixture 30 times. Really? You came on, you'd do standup. You could also do hilarious panel. You could do everything. And I'll just say this upfront, every time with a completely new set of material, you are from my money, the most prolific comedy mind that I can think of. Oh, well Thank you. Well, as you That's It. Gotta go. Yeah. No, But. it is, it is. I mean, that's what's so rewarding is the, the coming up with the material, right? Yeah. Yeah. That's the whole lesson that I wanna share with Evelyn.


It's enjoying the process. Oh, no. But there is something. Yeah. Like whenever I get frustrated, I lose sight. The fact that it is really rewarding to kind of come up with material and, and be able to do It. It's one of the reasons why you're one of the biggest comedy stars out there Now. Oh, well, thank you. And. I say one of like, there's like 35. No, there's, I mean, there's like 35, I'm sorry, 135. 135 Of the 2000 top comedy People of people in the Los Angeles County. You are 8,000. No. No. So, I mean, the other nice thing too is I've seen people ride this crazy wave and then, and then that kind of compete route.


And you have consistently, over the years, you're always really funny. It just kept building and building and building and building. And now your, your level of success is, is mind boggling. And, I. Look at your whole career. And, I go, oh, you just, it was all earned in this very like, oh, thanks. I say that in a very Catholic way, but you, it was all built. You've built this thing and now you are, I'm, I'm hard pressed to think of anyone else who could tour with Jerry Seinfeld, you know? And Thanks. It's Crazy. Yeah. No, it's, I mean, I'm very grateful and it's a weird thing, you know, there is nothing normal about going on stage and trying to make strangers laugh.


So that's whenever like, comedians are like, yeah, these weird people. I'm like, but like, there's nothing weirder than going on stage and trying to get the approval of a room full of strangers. Right. Who sometimes are hostile to begin with. Yeah. And also it's like, it is a conversation, but it's very, you know, it is very one sided. It's like I'm the only one with a microphone. And if they responded verbally, I'd have them removed. It's, it's, it is a unique conversation. Yes. But. it is the perfect type of conversation where they can respond with he, he, he or silence. That's one of their options. Did, you ever have this, I have found for some sick reason, I, there's always part of me that enjoys the silence.


Okay. Get a laugh. Get a laugh. And then nothing. I, I enjoyed Yeah. In some sick way. I enjoyed that. And it's hard to explain to people that you want laughs, but what I really want is some laughs and then I want a big dead spot where we can all sit down as a group and wonder what just happened. Well, you wanna relieve the tension, right? Yeah. I, you know, you can identify that in comedians, like Bill Burr will say a statement where people are like, come on, don't say that. Yeah. And then he will win you over it. And you're like, All. right? Yeah. I guess you you have a point there. You know what I mean? Yeah, exactly. I mean, I don't know if I'd say it, I'd phrase it the way you're saying, but Yeah. You make a point. Sure. But a lot of comedians love that tension.


Yeah. When you relieve it or release it, it's more rewarding. You know what is, what I've been dying to talk to you about ever since we did that benefit with God's Love delivered. Yes. We did a benefit together. I'll just set it up. Yeah. We did a benefit together in New York City at the Beacon Theater. It was God's Love We Deliver. It's an incredible organization we visited the day before. It's a giant kitchen where they make food. I think it For people that are ill and then also for their caretakers. Yeah. It's like, it's the whole package. It, I think it, it really kind of kicked off during the AIDS epidemic, but it's like been going strong. It's, it's expanded. It's this amazing organization. And one of the things they asked is, could you guys come down who are, who are part of the show?


Can you come down to meet all the workers and sort of participate and work in the kitchen? Which we all did. Which was fascinating. Yeah. It was amazing. Oh, but so, so then we, so we're figuring out what we're gonna do for this. And then there's also these elements where they're like, I think it was that event where they're like, bill Murray might show up. Martin Short might show up. And here's what I'm getting to like, there is, 'cause there's this ongoing kind of, you show affection by criticizing someone. It's, and then how that overlaps with Roast Comedy. And here's my point, my point is, I believe the, the most powerful roaster or roast comic that's ever existed, and this includes Don Rickles, I think Martin Short Yeah.


I'm totally with you. Is beyond a doubt the quickest meanest Yes. So funny. Yes. And he does the Jiminy Click because he's a sweet guy And he can hide in the fat suit. Yes. And so he thinks like, no, you, you know your career never quite took of did it. You know? And So he's stating the obvious. Yes. And I. Sorry, I cut you off. Sorry. No, no, no, No. Go Go ahead. but I just think it's, he so fascinating Out. He came out. You I was out. You were out. And then he came out and And I think he went after both of us. And of course, you And I are like kids in a candy shop. The artistry of what he does it. And compared to like, roasting. Yep. Where you see someone, you know, even the Tom Brady roast or you think of Don Rickles, who is obviously magical, but the, what Marty does, he does it in such, and by the way, none of it's scripted.


I think he's just, he just does it. I, no, I think he ha I do think he thinks it, I thinks he thinks ahead of time not to take anything away from him because He's maybe some of the Jiminy Glick. Because, because the, the, the writing is, I mean, it's so sharp. but I think some of the No, he can do it. He can do it Ad-lib. but I think he also has some loaded Up. 'cause when, when we did the God's Love Deliberate, he literally walked out, stole the whole show, just dressing us down. Yes. Yeah. For five minutes. Yeah. And left. Yeah. He was shooting the next day. He's 75 years old. Walked out, ripped into us left. And everyone's like, well, that's the best part of the show. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Do you know what I mean? And these two pale Yeah. We sky skeleton. These skeletons are standing there. We're like, Yeah.


Anyway, We maybe Marty will come back. Stay in your seats. Yeah. That was a joy. And he's also a sweet guy. Like when you talk to him, Oh, he's the real deal. Yeah. When He's not performing, you're like a, like it's I. Don't know. Maybe he's got a split personality. And he was also great on that. He's a great actor too. Yeah. He was great. Now it's like, I'm trying to win him over for some job. Well, it's a good guy. He's, you know, he's riding high. He's Riding high. I think he controls some purse strings. Yeah. I wanna ask you about, you know, you've been in comedy for so long, but you never, your DNA never merged with CNET Live. And then you get this gig Yeah. To play Tim Waltz during the run up to the election.


So suddenly you're in the world of SNL. It was kind of interesting to me 'cause I thought, oh, I wanna get Jim's take Yeah. On SNL. 'cause he's a really smart, funny guy. And I know that that was something that would, you know, everyone wants to check that bucket list off. Absolutely. So what was That like for you? It was Really interesting because that is one of the questions that, you know, I've been doing standup or in the comedy thing for 35 years. And I. I never auditioned for SNL I've never hosted, never. And it's just, it never lined up where it was a possibility. I think there was talk of me auditioning to be a writer, but at that time I was like, no, I wanna be an actor.


I wanna be on the West Wing. And so I, I mean, I obviously No, but I, you Have terrible instincts. Why Rob Lowe? What's he got that I don't got? No, it's The, the ultimate Graduate School of comedy. Right? Yeah. To go there. There's nothing that, it's unique to the, the comedy business. I mean, it's a unique television show in that they, you know, outside of living color and Mad tv, no one's even come close to replicating. It probably financially doesn't make sense. And it's the impact on the zeitgeist. So it was a huge thing. There's, I've always been been aware that it's something that you don't campaign for.


Yep. And so I, I'm respectful of the, the boundaries and kind of the cultural phenomenon that it is. So when she picked Tim Walls as her running mate, and then Steve Martin turned it down, you know, the internet was bringing up like every Doy white, Midwestern guy, And I was like, interested. but I was like, well, I'm not, you know, you can't campaign for it. Yep. You can't kind of, you Either get the call or You don't. Yeah. You can't be like, Hey, you know what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go on Howard Stern and do my Tim Wallace p You can't do that. Right. And so I very much stood back, and then I would check in with my manager who would say, you know, here's what they're thinking.


You know, but you're supposedly on a list, and again, there's nothing you can do on it. And so then I was in, you know, I get one acting job a year. So I was in Lu in England doing this acting job. And then, and at night I'm walking back to my hotel, And I, get a call from my manager and he's like, Hey, so we've been telling people at the booker at SNL that you've been sending us little videos where you're pretending to be Tim Wallace And. I'm like, oh, that's interesting. And he goes, yeah, and you weren't And I wasn't. And so he was on with my manager, my manager and my agent. I'm like, oh, well that's an interesting approach, but you know, this is what you guys do.


And they're like, yeah. And they, now they wanna see those. And I'm like, so what do you mean they wanna see 'em? I'm like, well, we brought it up. And now they're like, why don't you send 'em on? Aren't they mad at this management team? And so, so I then I spent the next hour kind of in my hotel room, taking off a jacket, putting on a thing, doing different And. I had kind of been, you know, checking out Tim Walls and looking at speeches. And then I just, in that moment, I just did an impression of my brother Mitch, who is this similar to Tim Wallace, a very sincere, enthusiastic Midwestern guy who's kind of got a little bit of that golly g. And so I essentially did an impression of my brother Mitch in a different settings in this England hotel.


Sent him off. And then, you know, I don't know what happened, But, it worked. They hired your brother Mitch. Yeah. So when people are like, how do you do that impression? I'm like, well, just don't meet my brother Mitch, and we should be fine. Yeah. Grow up in Indiana. Yeah. Grow up in Indiana. Surround yourself with very sincere Midwestern people that have that optimism that Tim Walls has, you know? Yeah. Which is like, we can do this. Yeah. You know what I mean? I mean, geez, come on Jimmy. You know, like, that's my, my brother Mitch. I mean, geez, Jimmy, you know, God, I mean, Jimmy, you're a bad driver. Like my brother Mitch would just get so angry when I, he's a, He's even sweet. He's even sweet when he is telling you bad things about yourself.


Yes. He's like a great guy. So it's, that's, that's what happened, But. it was absurd because not only was I, so I this opportunity to be on SNL And, it was just for five weeks. but I, then they bring in all these all stars. Right? So they bring in Maya, who I had worked with before. Yeah. Dana and Andy. And I'm like, so not only am I doing this guest star, but like the MVP from every decade for the last 40 years. So it was, it was stressful in, in an unnecessary way where it's like, you know, I go on stage in front of huge rooms, but I was like, I have two lines. How do I do it? Yeah. So I was definitely a little nervous.


Sona when you take a big trip Yeah. With the family and I know that you love to travel and your kids are getting old enough now where they like to travel too. Yeah, that's true. Who looks after the house? That's The thing. Nobody. Yeah. And so I've actually been toying with the idea of maybe, you know, putting my house up on Airbnb, making some extra cash, having someone there. It's like you're hosting people. Exactly. It's like you're getting paid to travel. You can use the money Yeah. That you get from putting your house up on Airbnb. Right. To help finance your trip. Exactly. And you know what? There's people there that are looking after My relics. You have a lot of people don't know this, but Sona has a lot of ancient Greek relics. Etruscan relics. Yes, exactly. You have a lot of sculpture from the Assyrian Empire. Sona has billions and billions of dollars worth of ancient Yeah. Ancient artifacts that have never even been looked at by archeologists. They should all be in a museum. They really should be. Yeah. But it's nice when you're, when you're away, your home could be an Airbnb. And that's something to keep in mind. Yeah. So your home, aka your future Airbnb might be worth more than you think. Find out how much at airbnb.com/host Host.


It's time to call out the biggest villain. I know. Yeah. Every now and then someone will get a nice peach pie and bring it to my house. Yeah. Put it on the counter and there's a party. Oh, that's, and then I go by later on. No, no, no. Oh, my point is, I like the peach pie. Oh, that's good. But then someone comes along and takes a big chunk right outta the middle. Yeah. Rather than a real slice. That's never really happened. But if it did, I'd get mad. And I. Think that person was a villain. And you know what, if I saw that villain, I'd say, how do you sleep at night? You peach pie Smasher. Yeah. That's what I'd say. but I already know the answer. They'd give me what? Mattress. Firm. Oh yeah. See I'm asking them, how do you sleep at night? Your conscience. And they're like, oh, I sleep well 'cause I have Mattress. Firm. Yeah. And they had a nice piece of pie. Exactly. Yeah. Mattress Firm. Let's get off the pie. 'cause it's not about Mattress Firm, I'm sorry. Okay. Mattress Firm will find you the right bed with their wide selection of quality mattresses at every price. And then you're gonna sleep well regardless of your crime. Mattress terms. Best Black Friday Doorbuster ever starts Friday, November 29th. Hey, write that date down. That's the 29th November. There you go. That's the sound of a real pen. You can get a queen mattress for just 89 99 and a free pillow while supplies last. When I hear a free pillow, I run. I don't walk. Get matched at Mattress Firm Black Friday sale and sleep at night. Offer available for pickup only through Sunday. See store for details.


You know what's nice? In the old days, if you wanted a cinematic experience, you had to go to the movie theater. Yeah. You had to get your ass to a movie theater. Not anymore. With Samsung Ole, you get a full cinematic experience without leaving your couch. There's actually a brand new Samsung ole here in Team Coco studio. And it's tough to say. Focused on podcasting. When the picture quality is this good. I'm always losing track. Oh, I'm supposed to be interviewing one of the great people in history. And I. Start drifting away from them. I've noticed, because I'm looking at the amazing picture on the Samsung Ole. Yeah. You dropped the ball a lot. Yeah, maybe. Yeah. Yeah. The AI powered processor upscale is your favorite content in brilliant 4K resolution. you get to experience colors on a TV as they're meant to be seen, because this is the only OLED TV validated by the industry leading color experts at Pantone Plus on OLED S 95 D, you get OLED glare free technology so you can watch everything you love with nearly no glare. I can't stand glare. And I. Hear you when there's glare. I can't even see the picture. Yeah. Gamers, theia gamers. You're covered too. Hey gamers. Don't worry. What's that? Gamers, you're covered too. Oh really? Yes. Motion accelerator 144 Hertz delivers ultra smooth motion and AI auto game mode tailors your game settings to its genre. Speaking of gaming, you know we're gonna be filming another clueless gamer play. What game are we playing this time? I Like to surprise you, so I don't want to tell you. We're also narrowing the games down. So if you out there have an idea of a game you want us to play, go to Team Coco podcast on Instagram and leave us a comment. And we might pick that game. Can't wait to see how great this game looks on the Samsung OLED tv. And I'm just gonna add, it's AI powered upscaling. That's right. Stay tuned for the next clueless gamer releasing late November experience TV the way it's meant to be seen with Samsung oled. Visit samsung.com/oled to learn more. Upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experiences may vary according to types of content and format.


Did, you like the machinery of it being around, there's nothing else like it. Yeah. And I've always thought there is the, the carnival atmosphere of it. The, the machine aspect of it. It's Willy Wonka's factory. It's all these things that you grew up watching and then suddenly you're inside it. And then there's the, the buildup to the show. Yeah. There's the meeting between dress and air and then after the show there's a party. It's, it's this whole Roman kind of crazy. Yeah. It's, it's like the, the, the, the Colosseum followed by the orgy. You're just, what's happening? Yeah. This is madness. It is, It's it insane Every step of the way.


So I remember I did the table read the first week, I guess that's on Tuesday. And then I was like, All. right. I know what I'm, and I know that there's gonna be a lot of changes. And then by the end I would be like calling my point person at like 10, you know, eight o'clock on Friday. I am like, do we know what we're doing? And they're like, oh, I'm gonna send it. You know, it's just 'cause it's the cold open And. it was the election. So there were kind of, you know what, and so like yeah, there were things where if you have an idea, you're looking at a writer who's been up for four days, who's also realizing there's, there's, there's the element of serving everyone in the, the cold open.


There's also Lauren stuff. So it's, it's a very complicated thing. So you're like, I don't want to be a pain in the end. Like one of the things I kind of pride myself on is hopefully being a good soldier when I'm in a situation like that. 'cause having do your Part well yes. Don't let anybody down Yeah. And, and not be the pain in the ass. So I kind of wanna do that. But yeah. So that whole process of the bureaucracy, and, and maybe that's not the right term, but it's, the process is so bananas. Yeah. That you also have to just go with the flow and then the meeting in between the dress where Lauren would go up there and be like, don't touch your ear.


And you're like, okay, alright. I won't touch, you know, I didn't know I was touching my ear, but, okay. And some of it is he's giving his notes. He's also this icon who obviously, you know, like I, I realize now that he is the modern day equivalent of PT Barnum. Right. Like, the impact he has on the zeitgeist is so enormous. So he sits there and he goes, yeah, we're not gonna do that. Or like, things that you, I think people could judge as bizarre. But if you consider the history and the on base percentage, the batting average, it's, it's pure genius. Yeah.


If someone could watch the process of how a sketch gets written, and then it's read through I, do think it's Wednesday as it gets read through on Wednesday, and then it gets to rehearsal, then it gets to the, the dress show. Then there's that meeting beforehand. And then they select, you know, they select the sketches finally. Yeah. They reorder it. And then there's the air show that happens. I think watching that process would make less sense than how they pick a pope at the Vatican. Yeah. Yeah. I think there's this, there's more mystery smoke signals, craziness. Yeah. You know, Cardinals making crazy deals. Yeah. In behind ancient walls.


That would seem more normal than what happens at CNET Live. And I. Think there is also something of the resiliency that you need to process. I mean, you went through it, but the resiliency that these creative types, these people that are creative because they know how to react, listen to their emotions or keep in touch with their point of view. But 'cause even the, so like I only did one table read, so like, I don't even know what day that is. And then also like the, the moving parts. Like I think on the last episode, they dress, they, they did cuts and then I think they had to cut a sketch mid show. Yeah. They do all the Time. Which is just like, how do you Yeah.


Not happening. No, I I Know. I, back in my day, I authored several of those sketches where you're, I've called my parents and I've said it's about two, you know, coal miners and they're, and their, you know, their little bird that's with them. And, and then look for me, 'cause that, I mean that's my sketch and it's gonna be on at 1255. And my parents would be like, well we're gonna watch. Yay. My, my father was Ronald Reagan. Well, well, well Democrats, The taxes, we could use you up on Capitol Hill. So, and then at 1248 I'd see my card come off. Oh wow. Because other stuff went long.


So my card would come off the board and go to the side of the board, which means there's this side of the board that's outside the grid where literally you see your card slipping beneath the waves. Wow. And so suddenly my parents, the next day whale, we thought it was terrific. It wasn't on Yeah. They are lying. Oh no, we love you. They went to bed at nine. They went to bed at nine. Yeah. That's so And So. anyway, I was just, I was, I'm so happy that you got to have Yeah, no, it was And. I'll just, I'll just put it out there. You'd be the perfect host for that show. Thanks. And, and you are in the zeitgeist now and they'd be lucky to have you. So from my lips to Lauren's ears, Well I am, I am standing back.


I have no opinion on that. I am, I have all respect. If nominated, I will not serve. I have, I will, I have all respect for the process, The convention. Right. I will do as I'm told. Yes. I was gonna ask you about, 'cause there's something about, I'm just always trying to figure out, especially comedic minds, I really admire. I want to get into a little bit of the workings of where they're from. I know you went to an insanely small high school Yes. In Indiana. Like how small are we talking? There were 105 kids in the entire school, but there were 25 in my graduating class. There were five girls. Oh my God.


And 20 guys. Jesus. And, but Chief Justice John Roberts went there. Oh really? And But. it was, it was kind of, yeah. So now I think it's 150 students. It's Just blown up seven Girls now. It's huge. Now It's six girls. But. it was a great experience. And you know, you know, there's a delusion in those smaller schools where you're like, you know what? Yeah. And so like I didn't have that John Hughes experience where there were the potheads and the jocks and the beautiful people. It's like everyone was everything. Yep. So I think that kind of had an impact where I didn't necessarily, I wasn't, so when I got to college, I wasn't swayed by, I shouldn't, I should only hang around football players or I should only do this or that.


You know, Somewhere you got this ability. There are a lot of comedians I admire, but I know, well they can kill in front of this crowd, but they should probably stay away from that kind kind of crowd or vice versa. They have their their areas. I feel like I can't imagine a crowd that you wouldn't kill in front of. I you do feel like someone who talks to everybody. Oh, well thanks. Yeah. No, it is, it is weird. 'cause having done corporates, you've done corporates. I've done some corporate, but really not, not much. I I've, sometimes the assignment is just like, It's Soap, it's bizarre. You know, make sure you mention Yeah. And, and, and, you know, whatever. The CEO Yeah.


Make sure you mention, you know, really get him And it something just, I don't know, And I get very depressed. And then you look at the CEO and they're like, don't do that. but I used to, I hear He is a real shithead. That was the my go-to line. And they'd be like, Hey, we thought you had a joke or something. Yeah. They, they're, well, sometimes they're, they're like, you can make fun of it. Make fun of, you know, Mindy, she's in charge of marketing. Go after her. And then you look at Mindy, I don't do that stuff anyway. But then you look at Mindy and she's like, what are you doing? Yeah. It was just, I'm just in charge of marketing. It was just that one person's bad idea. Do you know what I mean? And so, but the corporate setting is such a, like, there is part of me that, 'cause I feel like I can work in those corporate settings where I, that means that it might be all over.


'cause like I would do a corporate show, I would bomb and then you get off and they were like, you were great. Yeah. We just don't laugh. No one laughed. They're like, we're too rich to Laugh. Yeah. Well we were golfing all day. So, but I had much better than the guy before who made fun of Mindy. Yeah. Yeah. This Was one, as I say, I, I've tried to, I've tried to not do it too much 'cause but there was one, it was I think an integration maybe with the Turner Show. I can't say the name of the company. But. it was a telecommunications company. And we had to do this. They said, Hey Cohen, they're, they're buying time on the show and they really want you to go. So I remembered I know took like, got on a plane and flew somewhere and they say they're, they're in there.


It's all, it's, it's the top. It wasn't an And I come out. I had wrote jokes spec. 'cause you can't do standard stuff. It's gotta be for them. Yeah. And. It's gotta be about this company and stuff like that. So a lot of work went into it. I walked out there, I wanna say it was about maybe 12, I think all guys. And they were in big leather chairs. Oh wow. That reclined slightly And I looked out the, there was a big window behind them. And they had projected the famous logo of the company onto a mountain that you could see in the night through the window. So I walked out there And. it was these And I start doing my And I thought, oh, this is, I've never felt more like a pathetic, you know, bring the clown in.


Yeah, bring the clown. We're ready for the clown. And they, the court, je And I could See Some of the do not challenge the king too much. Yeah. And I could see. They weren't really laughing, but they had rye smiles. And occasionally I could see one of them adjust his recliner a little more. Yeah. And I started to make fun of the fact that the logo was projected onto a mountain. Yeah. Out like this all felt evil. Yeah. And I'm sort of sure to go off on that. And they, one of them danged a crane his neck to see. Oh yes it is, isn't it? What is wrong with that? Yeah, that's as it should be. Yeah. As it always is. Yeah. And I. I just left Shivering.


Yeah. And I. And I. I was, it was, I I don't know. It was a terrible experience. Yeah. Have you done a birthday party? That's pretty weird. I did a very famous person's birthday party for no money. Oh really? I did it as a favor. Oh, That must have went well to the very, there was no money. That means it's pure death. It Was, was it for the birthday person themselves or one of their children or something? No, it was for the person. It was a famous person who, and, and And, it was a personal favorite because they had done the show a bunch of times and they, one of their, their management said, Hey, Conan, would you stop by and just do And I remember it again, feeling like bring him in. Yeah. You know, it was just, yeah. Let's see if he amuses us.


Yeah. And I, I didn't like it. I it's fun to perform For real. There are people, but like, But there is humans, but there are people like Regis Feldman would love that. Yeah. And people are listening are like, who's Regis Philman? But there are some people, it is kind of in their DNA, but like, he Would love doing it or love being the recipient. What do you mean? They, I think someone like, not that I know Regis or knew him, but like, there's some people that are like showman that would be Oh yeah. Relish the opportunity. It's kind of, even when we did that Pope thing Where, oh, we gotta talk, we gotta, yeah. Well, let's back it up quickly. Yeah. Five months ago, something like that, you contacted me out of the blue and said, would you be willing to go to Rome and meet the Pope?


Which is the weirdest to this day. It's, I think it's, it's the third weirdest text I've ever had. And the other two, I can't say on the air this, this text came in And I thought, are you kidding me? Yeah. And so I, I contacted you back and then it turned out insane as if some Meyer power was at work that my wife, my son, And I were going to be in Italy at Lake Como that week. So literally all we had to do was get on a train and go down and, and be part of this because they were inviting comedians. Yeah. So it's you, me, Chris Rock, Jimmy Fallon, Stephen Colbert, Julia Louise, Dr. Julia Dyers, David, I mean, the list goes on.


David Sedaris Take, take Naro. Yeah. Just Romy Just, but you know, just really interesting. I mean, it's such a surreal experience, but like in that setting, like I don't know if you remember 'cause we, we all went in there. It was like every, it's like, First of all, it's, I think they told us to be outside the Vatican at the gates at six 50 in the morning or something. Yes. I mean, the sun is just coming up in Rome. And, I thought doesn't the pope, he's the pope. Yeah. He should be sleep. I would be like hitting the, if I was the Pope, I would hit my snooze alarm constantly. I would just sleep as late as possible. Yeah. He's like, in his eighties, They, they told us that we were like his third thing of the day that he gets up at like five in the morning.


And so we got there and then they bring us into the Vatican. Yeah. And they sit us down this surreal room. Yeah. There's, and there's comedians from every country. There's probably a humorous take on where there was a meeting and someone was like, well, why don't we bring in the comedians from throughout the world. But the Pope was, you know, it was about humor, how we could help. I don't know. No, it was actually, he gave his speech, his speech was in Italian. Yes. So we couldn't understand it. But they gave us the printout of what, of the speech. And. it was actually very beau it was very beautiful. Yeah. You know, I, it was a very nice unifying idea about comedy and how it relates to bringing people together.


And I thought, well That's and humor's a level of honesty and all that. Yeah. Yeah. But he didn't have an ender. And we were bowing in. I I did notes on the thing, And I handed. I'm like, this, here's my rewrite. Yeah. But here's the thing, you did it. I just, you did it while he was doing it, which Was very rude. Just some punch up, you know what I mean? Some punch up, you know. Yeah. So that was a very surreal experience. Yeah. So we, we are in this room in the Vatican, and there's comedians from all the different countries like Stephen Merchant. Yep. There was, there were some countries where you're like, well, shouldn't they have more people from, like, there was no one from the Philippines. I was like, ah, that's, I've been to the Philippines. That's a pretty Catholic country.


And there are a couple of people I quizzed. And they were like, well, I'm more of a weatherman, lighthearted weatherman. I'm like, well, you're not a comedian. No. Sometimes I say low pressure front, more like high pressure front. Okay. But yeah, it was just a little, I have a cartoon. This. Yeah. And there Was, so there's 300 I know I, don't know how many all over the world. Yeah. All over the world. Sitting in this room. It was everyone that couldn't behave in church or synagogue. Yep. Yep. Or in the mosque was in this room. And, and then there would be, 'cause it was his third meeting, there'd be these people that would walk by.


The Swiss Guards came out. Yes. The Swiss Guards came out and did this whole, they, they're wearing the outfit of the Swiss Guard, which is the most, which was designed by Leonard Leonardo DiCaprio. Right. Leonardo di da Vinci. Leonardo da Vinci designed it. Yes. And if Leonardo da Vinci hadn't designed it, they would've changed it a long time ago. Yes. Yes. Because it looks like a cross between a clown costume and someone who's working at, you know, a ground round I. Don't know. It just looked insane. They come out with Pikes, they do a whole thing, and then the pope came out And they're walking by. So there, there's people, you feel like you're, it's so you're just sitting in the room waiting. And there's people, these characters that go by that are from like medieval times.


Yes. You're like, What, Is It was the medieval fair. It's like, what is going on? So you think, oh, the Pope's coming. But in that setting, do you remember Jimmy Fallon stood up and did bits? And I was like, he's the king of the clowns. He, well, the rest of us were like, well, we gotta kind, We should be respectful. We, we, we are, the rest of us are being kind of respectful. He did like an eight minute Mr. Bean bit where he can't find his chair and he keeps flopping down and falling down and, and there and we're, and he is like, wow. Whoa. And then he gets up and turns the chair around, but it's going the wrong way. And he is like, who's the Haba? Who But.


it was very funny. Yeah. But. it was also, it was, it was this meeting of everyone who couldn't behave, who was at one point in eighth grade sent to the principal's office. It was Fascinating. My favorite was the part where we're all going up. They line us up and we all go up to shake hands with the pope. Because that was also fun seeing people's different Reactions. Everyone was different. I mean, Stephen Colbert very, I mean, it was, he's, he's very pious and devout and you know, he Probably knows more about Catholicism than the Pope. Oh, right. And also, he asked me the night before, like, I think in front of everybody, he was, we all went out to dinner and he said, Conan, do you think the, do you think the Pope is aware of your work?


And I said, abso fucking literally not, he's an Argentinian man who is in his eighties. And you're like, no, there's no way he knows me. Yeah. And I think, I think Steven was hoping that the Pope was big fans of all of ours. Oh, Real. Well, I know that Steven, Well, he knows you, I think. No, Well, I mean, I met him. but I don't think that he went To your high school. He Went to the Pope one. Robert, it's you, Robertson the Pope. But Steven did, I think he does the, the audible or the audio of all the book. The Pope's books. Yes. And he told that to the Pope. Yeah. When he was up there. And The Pope just probably gave him like, no, no, no.


He, I Asked him like, he said, I could see him. If you see the videotape, Steven's talking to him for a little bit. The rest of us are just going like, hello, your Eminence. And you get a nice place. You got here And. then we move on and you know, nice job plundering the world's gold over an 800 year period. Nice Conquest of South America. No one advertises like you guys, you know, whatever. But Steven's talking to him for a bit. And I asked Steven what he talked about. And he said, I told him, you know, I know your Holiness I do your audio book. And I narrate it and blah, blah, blah. And he said the Pope used his hand to push him, used his hand to push him down the line.


That's Nia. Then now get the fuck away from me. Yeah. Did, you bring gold. No, we didn't bring gold. Did I steal your gold? No, you can't do that anymore. I'll get your gold. He's leprechaun. He's a leprechaun. Now. I'll get your gold. I get your gold. You'll see That's a spicy mid. I'll send con. No, you can't really do that anymore. You want to taste a pizza pie? I've got a pizza pie. Wow. I'm glad they didn't let me perform at that thing. That would've gone badly. But. it was crazy. And then they said at the end that we got to, I thought we were getting a, I sound like a real dick now, but I thought, well you've come all this way.


Well, for me, And, I, I pretended that I flew all the way from LA when I just literally got an Uber from Lake Como and then demanded pay for my airfare back. I didn't do that. But I thought they, then they said like, and then you made Tour of the Vatican. And, but basically they just shoved us through a, a, a door And then we were in with all the tourists. Yeah. You know, and tourists were like, what are you doing here? It was weird. After that event, they let us into this room and there was this red carpet, like media And I was like, oh, I now I know why we're here But. it was kind of, it's What they do in an award show. It's, It's Everyones there to get their media And I. That's, And also get their, that get the message out. Yeah. You know what I mean? And which, and as you said, it was a very sincere message.


And you know, It was beautiful. It was a really nice, it was a nice message. My golden conquistador riff aside, 800 years of plundering still. Yeah. It was a lovely message. Great example of something that's cool, complicated. Like you've been talking to, to Julia Louise Drey face. There's some complexity. Yeah. Like at the dinner, she's like, I don't know how I feel about some of this. I'm like, that's why it's interesting because it's complex. Yes. Yes. Not we, we all went in there, I think for the most part with complex feelings about this institution and its place in the modern world. And, and, and of course the women who were present had very complicated feelings.


Of course. And. it was really nice to talk about all that. Yeah. I love doing events like that where it's a little bit, you're gonna anger some people. Like I did the Al Smith dinner, which is a v You know, was Trump there? Trump was there. Kamala Harris did not go. Is That right? She did not go. Yep. And there was, 'cause there was part of me that's like, that was, you know, I'm not a Trump guy, but like there was part of me and there were plenty of people that were invited that were like, I'm not even gonna sit in the same room as him. Yeah. You know what I mean? And so there is something where, and and so I, when I did that, I knew there were gonna be people on the left and on the right that were gonna be angry.


Which almost kind of ties back to like, you know, that moment of dis where people are uncomfortable, that it's kind of you relish it. Yeah. Yep. And the challenge, which kind of the, the no win situation of the Al Smith dinner, but I love history and Yeah. The association with I usually, I I, I'm a usually if there's a chance to, I have a list of my life. Will is finite. I was told recently. No, we're, we're only here for a certain amount of time. And I do I And, I'm a history buff. And when I see an opportunity to be, whether it's a White House correspondence dinner or something, even when I know it's gonna be tough. Yeah. It's a tough room. I think you gotta go and and be part of that.


So it's the Al Smith dinner. Yeah. Yeah. And there are people today that on my Twitter ex or whatever it's called, we'll be like, I can't believe you were in the same room with him. And. I'm like, well I don't, I feel like that's kind of the opposite of discourse. Like you shouldn't Yeah. Yeah. So. anyway, that's why I'm running for senate As Tim Wal. Yeah. Who's as your brother Jim Gaffigan the skinny. This is again to your being prolific. You've got another special, they have been stunningly successful. You've won countless awards. I think you have every award one can have And I think it's too many and you should give me some.


But the skinny, you're dressing weight loss, you're dressing people's obsession and, and weird feelings about weight loss and food. Yeah. Which is sort of a huge topic right now. Yeah. I think it's, I think it's really peculiar how people are secretive about taking an appetite suppressant. Like, or maybe they aren't secretive. I mean, but people, there's people that walk around with their hair dyed a different color and we all know that. But nobody's, nobody would think it was that weird. You've Talked about how there is kind of a shaming of people that have a food issue. Yeah. And then somehow there are other areas where we have a completely different, like drinking can, can be seen as very cool.


Romantic. It's romantic. And the, the ad, I Can't put the bottle down. Yeah. Sounds much cooler than, I can't put the cream pie. but I love, I love donuts. I why not go. Yeah. I think there is, I think that's what this drug, I mean this is not humorous, but like, I think that that's what this drug proves is that like some people, the, the, it's, it's might not be psychological, it's, it's a chemical thing. 'cause it's fixed by chemical that they have a com chemical compulsion. I mean I come from a family that is like big eaters like, you know, and that's, that's a good sound effect. Right.


but I think just like Mo, the way you did that looks like it would be cookie monster. Where most of it doesn't go in, the cookies are just such cookies are just bouncing off the, that's why you're so Hungry. You're not getting much in the mouth. Such Waste. That Cookie Monster, Cookie monster never actually tasted a cookie. Yeah. It just carried off the felt backstop of his mouth. It's Like he wasn't even really eating it. It's sad. But this is, but you know, there is a cultural part of it too, which is you talk about it from a Midwestern point of view. I've seen the Boston Irish side of it, which is, it is the way in my family that we showed love Yeah. Was eating because it wasn't hugging and saying, I love you.


Yeah. And I and And I. Love my parents. Love my family. It was just cultural. Yeah. It wasn't about that. We didn't drink. It was a dry house, and so no one could talk about sex. Right. Right. In a million years, I still don't understand how it works. Yeah. And then what do you have? You have we're I'm gonna, we're gonna cook a giant meal and I'll eat it together. Yeah. Which is we're gonna eat tons of ham and potato Yeah. And all the butter in the world. And that is gonna be how we show Yeah. Our affection and love for each other and, and have a communal moment Celebrate or, you know, lick your wounds by overeating.


Yeah. Like my brother And I was like, oh, I could throw up. That's what, you know, like when you've eaten so much, you're like, oh, oh, I, I could throw up. I feel great. You know what I mean? Just, We did it. We did it. Yeah. So, so you talk about that and you talk about obviously how the drug has changed your life. Yeah. And you, But I also think it's temporary, meaning we're eventually gonna find out that it makes people grow tails or something like that. Right. So I, I view this weight loss as completely, I, I don't think I'm gonna be, not that I'm even super thin, but I imagine it's, it's an ongoing battle.


My weight. Right. I mean, but it's also, I mean, over the years, it was such a part of your comedy too. Yeah. It was just like You, I mean, so funny talking about it Yeah. And talking about your obsession with foods And things like Yeah. The love affair with food. Yeah. And now it's alcohol. No, but there is something. But the skinny there is about the appetite suppressant. but I, I use the title The Skinny because that's, you know, you, you do the stand, you write the standup and then kind of the theme. You see the theme when you look at the material. And, and some of the special is about parenting teenagers. Like, I had no idea how difficult it was going to be to parent teenagers because they And, I say that with empathy and also exhaustion.


And part of I don't wanna do it anymore is because it's so difficult. Yeah. And And I think, 'cause I think adult humans, we have a built in forgetter of the anxiety and the stress of being a teenager. Yeah. Because it's, it's painful for them. So when they're going through it and you're this parent, it's, it's not an easy road even for the best kids. Yeah. And, you know, and so that's some of, you know, so I complain about my kids, but I do that in every special too. But it's, it's a different type of complaint. But then you get to pay the, then you can say, my bitching about you paid for your tuition, paid for this roof.


And since they're teenagers, I know they'll never watch the special. So it doesn't matter. They're not your demo. Yes. Well, Jim Gaffigan, the Skinny is now available to stream on Hulu. And Jim, from the bottom of my heart, I thank you for lending your comedic genius to my show for over a 30 year period and then continuing to come back and, and, and do the podcast. I love talking to you. Thanks. And I am kind of in awe of just, you're, you're so talented and so funny. And I just, when you're around, I'm, I'm in a good mood. Oh, Well thank you. So you can't leave.


That's very nice. Yeah. I like I can tell. I'm really getting to you. When your mouth gets very small, you went Thank you. I don't know what to do. Type of compli. I'm not comfortable with the compliments. Well then you like this Part. It's very weird. You don't real shitty guy, Jim. Yeah. That's more like I. Don't like the compliments. You know, what are we in group therapy? Ah, you got an ugly mug. See? Yeah. That's more like a, that feels better.


Have you met all modern yet? Sona? No, I didn't. I haven't. Oh, you two have got to get together. You would love each other. Would we? Yeah. Grab a mochaccino talk. No, all modern. Lemme explain whether your style is Scandinavian inspired or it's more iconic mid-century modern, which is, I've been to your house. You guys are more mid-century. Yeah. We are a we are, we are. Yeah. Or paired down minimalism. All modern has the best of modern furniture and decor all in one place. I'm sick of like, well, I wanna look at some modern furniture. Well, there are nine types. You Have to go to nine stores. Why am I even talking to that guy? I don't know. That guy doesn't sound cool at all. I hate that guy. Yeah. You can get 'em all in one place at all. Modern Every design is hand vetted for quality by their team of experts who can be sure to last through moves and milestones ahead. Hmm. Not to mention fast and free shipping. Yep. That means you can upgrade your space in days, not weeks. Plus, right now you'll save big on every style of modern with Black Friday deals all month long on cozy living room furniture, holiday hosting must haves and moa. That's modern made simple. Shop now@allmodern.com or visit them in store in Linfield and Dham, Massachusetts or in Austin, Texas.


You know what's nice? In the old days, if you wanted a cinematic experience, you had to go to the movie theater. Yeah. You had to get your ass to a movie theater. Not anymore. With Samsung oled, you get a full cinematic experience without leaving your couch. There's actually a brand new Samsung ole here in Team Coco studio. And it's tough to say focus on podcasting when the picture quality is this good. I'm always losing track. Oh, I'm supposed to be interviewing one of the great people in history. And I. Start drifting away from them. I've noticed because I'm looking at the amazing picture on the Samsung Ole. Yeah. You dropped the ball a lot. Yeah. Maybe. Yeah. Yeah. The AI powered processor upscales your favorite content in brilliant 4K resolution. you get to experience colors on a TV as they're meant to be seen, because this is the only OLED TV validated by the industry leading color experts at Pantone Plus on OLED S 95 D, you get OLED glare free technology so you can watch everything you love with nearly no glare. I can't stand glare. I hear you. When there's glare. I can't even see the picture. Yeah. Gamers, dpic deik gamers. You're covered too. Hey gamers. Don't worry. What's that? Gamers, you're covered too. Oh really? Yes. Motion Accelerator 144 Hertz delivers ultra smooth motion and AI auto game mode tell is your game settings to its genre. Speaking of gaming, you know we're gonna be filming another clueless gamer play. What game are we playing this time? I like to Surprise you, so I don't wanna tell you. We're also narrowing the games down. So if you out there have an idea of a game you want us to play, go to Team Coco podcast on Instagram and leave us a comment. And we might pick that game. Can't wait to see how great this game looks on the Samsung OLED tv. And I'm just gonna add, it's AI powered upscaling. That's right. Stay tuned for the next Clue Gamer releasing late November experience TV the way it's meant to be seen with Samsung oled. Visit samsung.com/oled to learn more. Upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experiences may vary according to types of content and format.


When you give a gift from LL Bean, you're giving favorites in the making designed with thoughtfulness and care for years of joyful connection. That's really something. 'cause when I usually give a gift, it provides, I'm gonna say 15 minutes of joyful appreciation. Yeah. If that, yeah. I don't give great gifts, but Lll Bean years of joyful connection, like the Cozy Sherpa wearable throw made from Cozy Sherpa Fleece with a hood and two hand pockets. What I love, two hand pockets I do too. Over 1,805 star reviews and counting. That's a lot of five star reviews. A favorite gift for home camp or backyard. It's the perfect gift for anyone from teenagers. Listen to that. Rock and roll. Yeah. To grandparents. Oh, it hurts. To book club friends. Hmm. I read that. Shop The Cozy Sherpa wearable throw and more holiday favorites at llb.com/gifts.


Hey guys, we're coming up on the sixth anniversary of this podcast. That's Unbelievable. I Know. Six years. Yeah. So we're gonna do a state of the podcast. Yeah. Let's remember. We haven't done one of these in a while. This is because you know me, I'm more of an artistic type. I paint what I see and I'm removed from of course, the commerce of it all. I'm above that high up in the clouds. So you don't get paid? No, I I get, I get paid and I'm, I mean if I, if they miss my payment by a day and if it's one penny off, I am just a dog with a bone, I'm all over it.


But again, then I go up in the clouds. Oh, okay. Well, as always, we like to bring Adam in. Adam Sacks. Adam, Adam, Adam Sacks, the, the guru, the genius, the high muckety muck who makes it all run. I, I call you, you pull the strings. I'm about a puppet. Yeah. You guys are sort of like hand puppets, but I'm more of a marionette. Oh. And what, I'm just curious how it's all going. It's Going really well. I feel like I start every state of the podcast like that. But we've been lucky. And knocking on wood, we've been lucky enough to have a really good run here. Six years in the audience is as strong as ever. And I'll get into in a second about where we're expanding our audience a lot. You prepared a whole outline for us. You printed something out. I want, I wanted to first of all talk about the big guests we've had. 'cause we've had, we've been on a run with guests that is just like, unbelievable.


The show has always had great guests, but you know, most recently we've had, I just wanted to highlight a few. Tom Hanks, Al Pacino. Mm. John Stewart, Goldie Ha, David Oye, Jeff Bridges, Quinta Brunson, Don Cheadle, the Beastie Boys, Ron Howard, Ted Danon, Woody Harrelson. I mean, this is a crazy list of guests. Big names, but also I thought great conversations. Everyone came to play. Yeah, Totally. And these types of names are not, you know, even a few years ago, maybe four or five years ago, six years ago, these were not people you would ever even like hear on a podcast. Right. It's pretty amazing. Al Pacino I don't know, he doesn't do a lot of podcasts. It's pretty, pretty amazing. Right. Either things are going very well for us or very badly for Al Pacino. And you'd have to decide what that means. And then I think the biggest update that I, that I think, you know, that a lot of it is pretty status quo based on last year.


But the biggest update that we've done is we're experimenting Conan, you probably don't even know this And I love that you put in there. That I'm 1987 Reagan, You may not know that we're experimenting with putting full length video episodes up. Oh. And it's only just been an experiment so far. So that Are like an hour Long. Yeah. We've done two of them so far. And people watch 'em. Well that was the thing we wanted to see. Would people watch 'em? We put up Larry David and Harrison Ford. Oh. We put up those full episodes and Yeah. It was an experiment to see would people watch them Also, I'm waiting with bated breath for the answer. The Answer is yes. I mean, we were curious, would it be like something where it was a substitute audience? You know, where it was like cannibalizing the podcast audience.


People would instead listen or watch it on video. Yep. But instead it looks like it's really incremental. Like there's more people. We have a, we know we have a huge YouTube audience and Oh, cool. We had been getting tons of fan requests. Yeah. People were clamorous this people constantly, we put out, we've put out clips now for a few years, obviously video clips. Why they wanna watch it. I know, but they like, okay, I do think, I understand because Harrison Ford, he was, he's so funny in a different way that people aren't always accustomed to, but to also to be able to see, when you see Harrison Ford when his, the his expressions and his deadpan. That's true. It does add something to it. And I'm, I'm glad, I mean, first of all, I, I, I love this medium.


And I was at first skeptical because I love the purity of No, you just hear the voices. But once I started seeing some of the video with some of these people, I thought, no, I I like that too. I was skeptical too. I was the same way. I liked the purity of audio and you know, I've been in the space. Matt's been in space forever. And. it was always very pure audio only. But the truth is, people wanna see the video. YouTube is the number one like media consumption platform in the world. You know, more than any streamer. And people are consuming podcasts now. It's now become the number one platform for podcast consumption. That's weird. Wow. Yes. So that is part of the bigger macro trend is that like people are expecting now that there're going, there's gonna be a video component to podcasts. Oh My God. Interesting. I'm just glad you said macro trend.


I knew there was something that I would say that would just come out that would Yeah, sure. No, that's On, that's What this podcast is all about. Bringing business. Speak into your ear. So we're Gonna be on camera more. Well that's, this brings up an interesting thing. None of us are Well, Sony, you might be wearing makeup I. Do I I wear makeup I don, because of the YouTube. Come on. I'm not wearing anything. I think that's clear to the viewers. Have there been comments about my ghastly appearance? I haven't seen any Visible eye vein. No. He wouldn't tell you if there was I wouldn't tell You if there was. Yeah. So I'm looking at you. You're staring back at me with your Michael Sarah eyes. And. I. Have no idea if you're lying to me or not. I, I honestly have not seen any comments. Somebody face skin, somebody Shami would've come in and, and dusted your vein if there were comments Dusted my vein.


I. Know what you do to a vein. I also coming In. Oh my God. Wait. He would be the one I love. Let's sit with this for a second. Dusted my vein chills. We need a vein dusted. Hey. Hey. Conan. Conan. You seem like you're in a pretty good mood today. Let's just say I got my vein dusted last night. Uhoh. We got a Shiny vein chills. That just sounds like a euphemism. Yeah. Oh, someone looks, someone's in a good mood. Yeah. I got my vein dusted. Woo. Couple of tequilas got my vein dusted. Oh my God. Yeah. I mean that's, that's a question is a, it starts with just some light makeup, which I'm still not doing.


Sorry. YouTube. But then it's gonna get into me having radical facial surgery if I wanna stay in the podcast game. Right. Right. And that And I fled to podcasts like a vampire fleeing the sun to get back to his crypt. I fled to podcast because I knew this Irish melon was rotting fast in the, in the autumn heat. And here I am now on camera. Well, You joked that you tried to, like you were, it was something different from the late night show and then little by little it's sort of Oh yeah. We keep adding things as soon getting And. It's gonna be, yeah. Should we say we're bringing Andy in in a band? Yeah. It's gonna be You want, you want me to get rid of these microphones? And I'm like, what? Do you want lav mics? No, I like, I like the mics. I like the mics. When You talk about your face, should we be like, oh no, you look great.


No You don't have Have to do that because I get it. Oh. Whenever I talk about my face in these terms, everybody just quietly nods. No, I think you look great. Thank you. I really do. And I think that I do I do get self-conscious about like, should I be dressing different? I mean, makeup is a thing if they, how many people watch these videos? Like 30,000, Hundreds of thousands? Hundreds of thousands. Thousands. I know hundreds Of thousands. Approaching millions. Approaching millions. 30,000. But also Sona. Can I say something? This is I, and this is a compliment. You have beautiful skin. Yeah. You have skin that has some melanin in it. You have Right. You have I do. Yeah. You can get a tan. I am Armenian and Greek. You Are Armenian And Greek.


So both of those come with some color. Yeah. Gole, And. I look like we were just, they found us. Hey, don't take Me down with you. I'm sorry. No, it's Fair. I'm bringing you with me. But we were trapped in a cave for a couple of years and then they rescued us. And when we went into the cave, we had a bone marrow disorder. So you are very fortunate that I don't, I You always look very beautiful. You always look like you're wearing makeup even when you're not wearing makeup. Well, That's nice. Thank you. I do get wor self-conscious about my hair. Don't you? I mean you have Oh, your hair is a mess. Oh Yeah. It is. It is. But you have iconic hair. Don't you wanna like I? Don't you worry about your Poof. I I got over that. But couldn't, couldn't We just, I got this headset on. Do This.


Agree to just give up. 'cause that's what I've done. Oh. That's why I'm always just wearing a ball cap and no I. Don't, You know what? I have an idea. You guys Ard fell Off the heyo. I have an idea. Let's make a headset that has a Conan pompadour attached a fake one. So when I put my headset on Yeah. A Conan pompadour. So the, the iconic swoop that some of the old fans wanna see is there in K We dont have To wear those. No, no. I think We sell, Everyone should work in the, in the merch store. Oh, Headset. Yeah. With the poof. Kind of like the Rap mark. Yes. Nose and mustache. And if you put it, let's say you're listening to your favorite tunes. I know how kids talk. Yeah. You're putting on listening to your favorite beats Fun diddies And or whatever.


Nice. Or you're gaming and you wanna put your headset on. You're playing Glip Glo. You put the headset on and the hair comes right down with it. Yeah. I'll work on the prototype. Seriously. Yeah, Those will sell like hotcakes. Boss, You did it. That was great. Or we could do one with the Sona too, where your hair comes down on top of it all 90 pounds. Okay. You know what? How about, so the state of the podcast. State of podcast. Good. Well I have a quick question. Yeah. Do you remember last time we did state of the podcast and you had run a study on all These brand safety? Yeah, Brand safety. And. I Remember asking at that time 'cause there was like some things that were ticking on the chart about like profanity Yeah. And sexual conversations and stuff.


But then on that episode, we ended up using so much profanity, talking about, About profanity. Did that up? Our profanity, What has happened in the world of brand safety is the pendulum has swung back, swung back to be a little more sane. It was getting so crazy. If you remember some of the, we were not rated well on brand safety and part of it was like we were talking about war. Do you remember And? it was like, if you talk about, if you talk about war, you get like a, you know, a red mark and then obviously all the sex and profanity stuff. But now the, That's True war. And of course the nonstop sex and profanity. We did not change anything after we got had that conversation. No, but brands changed. I think brands realized, oh, we're we're being too conservative and we're missing out on Yeah.


It wasn't even, didn't even have to do with our show. But we're missing out on a lot of good, the Church of Latter Day Saints is back on an advertis. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. And that's good. Glad just for a trial because you know, one of us always has to use one of the products. I had to join the Mormon church just for that. Oh, okay. Had had to. Yeah. Had to. They saw you and assumed that you were there to talk. I really can see you in that way. Come in, Brother. Yeah. You're very Mormon. You are so Mormon. Really? Yeah. You think so? You very, You got Mormon. Mormon five, but I, you got an LDS five. Ah, really? Yeah. And You have several wives. That's True. One thing I will say though, just in the state of the podcast is this is, I, I would say this is open-ended. Like we should check back in, in, in a year and see what the future looks like with video.


Because we are, there's a blurring of lines happening in general where there's, you know, YouTube creators have been out there for years doing their YouTube shows. Podcasters have been out there for years doing just audio shows. And there's a blurring of lines where now there's, there's not as much of a differentiation between these different digital content creators. I Don't want this to become a TV show. I fled television. Yeah, Yeah. I mean, it did, And I kind of did But It But. It's not in content because it's it's casual conversation. It's off the cuff and we don't have a plan. But When you say TV show, you're talking about where it's distributed mostly because it, it's a video show now. I mean, it's, again, we're just experimenting with it. When I said I don't want it to become a TV show, what I meant was, unless there's money in that.


Oh, Okay. Well, Yeah. This is the worst of both worlds because it, there's not TV and it's on video All. right. Well, I was glad. I think this is mostly good news. Yeah. I think it's all good news. No, it's all good news. It's all good news. And And, it's Fun to still experiment and see where this all Going. Oh, I, you know, it's, I I, I'll say again, I've said it many times, but I have more fun doing this than, than just about anything I can think of. And I'm, and I've had a lot of fun in my career. I've had, I, I thoroughly enjoyed doing the, the late night show, but this is so fun and so loose. So you're welcome. Let it become what it's going to become. You're welcome. Oh, thanks a lot.


Yeah, we got you. You're welcome. Yeah, don't worry about a thing. Keep Doing it for, and I'll hold your hand. Let's hold hands. Second Hands little clammy. Yeah. Is there anybody That clammy too oil On these? Yeah. I lotion up a lot. You're warm. You're very warm. You are very Warm. Yeah. Well, talent burns hot. Oh, I said you were warm. Not hot. I have a lukewarm talent. All. right. Peace out Tupac. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Cession and Mac Gorley. Produced by me Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes.


Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Kahn. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at siriusxm.com/ Conan.


And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded.


Robert Haaf research indicates nine out of 10 hiring managers are having difficulty hiring. I didn't know that. I didn't either. If you have open roles, chances are you're feeling this too. Interesting. That's why you need Robert Half. Yep. I don't think that's a person. That's the company. Okay. I was confused. Yeah. There's specialized recruiting professionals engage with their proprietary ai. Welcome to Connect businesses of all sizes with highly skilled talent and finance and accounting, technology, marketing and creative, legal and administrative and customer support. See it. Robert Half They know Talent. I Wish. I had had Robert Half back in the day when I was hiring. Okay. So no offense. Sona. Oh it. I feel Like you did mean to offend me. Yes. You wouldn't be here if I had had Robert Half. Visit robert half.com today.


Sometimes words seem so unnecessary. Introducing Unspoken The New Diamond Fashion collection you'll only find at Jira Jewelers. And just in time for the holidays, discover the brilliance of natural diamond pendants, rings, earrings and bracelets in a range of carrot weights, expertly interwoven in white or yellow, 14 karat gold. It's the perfect holiday gift where your love speaks for itself. Unspoken. The dazzling new collection exclusively at Jared.