
Your next Family Crime Saga obsession is now streaming on Paramount Plus Mob Land. An explosive new series from the underworld of Guy Ritchie Stars, Tom Hardy Pierce Brossman, and Helen Miron go inside the Harrigan crime family who will stop at nothing to ensure they come out on top. An war that threatens to topple empires and destroy lives. New series Mob Land now streaming on Paramount Plus.


There's a lot to say when buying a new home or car, but only one thing to say that can help you protect them like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Hear me? I Did. I heard you. And just like that, a State Farm agent will be there to help you choose the coverage you need. You just say that and they show up. They come jumping out of a shrub. Oh, cool. No matter where you are in life, when you need the coverage options, your State Farm agent is there to help on the phone or in person like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Hi, my name is John Mullany and I feel litigious Nice About being Conan O'Brien's friend. Sir Fall is here. Back to school. Ring Bell, walking loose the fence. And friends. Hello and welcome to Conor O'Brien needs a friend sitting here with Sonno of Sian. Of course.


Matt Gorley. And what's going on, Sona? You have some announcements. I Wanna just congratulate you because you got something called Dab of the Decade, which Is D Dab of the Decade. Yeah. You have been voted by the people as the top guest on Hot Ones. Wow. In their entirety of the whole run. Wait, no. Wait a minute. Explain this to me. There. They had like a series of people were up for like a bracket. There was abr, there was a bracket. Oh my God. Look at this picture. Oh. Oh my God. Look at that. I mean, Look at that. You were up against Ariana Grande in the last round, and there's a picture of the two of you and her picture. She's stunning. She looks gorgeous. Stunning.


She's beautiful, stunning, and beautiful. She's beautiful. And you like right underneath her, you're this crazy person and there's milk just coming outta your mouth. A monster. A true monster. An absolute monster. A true monster. Yeah. Yeah. It no Ferrato beat out snow White post breastfeed. No Ferra. Yeah. That's insane. So how many people who knows about this contest really knows about it? How many people were in the brackets? How many people were I up against? Was it every past guest of Hot Ones? Yeah. Okay. So there were eight people it started with Eight people. Okay. First you're up against Jennifer Lawrence. So Right. You know, and then who I love, Who's hilarious. The other people are Paul Rudd.


Damn Shaq, RIS, Elba, Gordon Ramsey, Jennifer Lawrence Lord, and Ariana Grande. Wow. That's actually a decent lineup. And these are all really memorable Hot ones episodes. I mean, yeah. You know. Wow. So I won Dab of the Decade and They really chose such flattering pictures of everyone. It's okay. You know me, right, Sona, You know me. And what, what's the picture that I would want out there? You would want this picture. Yes. Yes. And the craziest picture, I was just thinking like, if my time, whenever my time comes and I pass on to the next realm, if the New York Times runs an obit, I want that photo.


I want that photo. Your funeral, when they have pictures on the Yes. Yes. There's a picture on the easel next to the casket or the urn. Your Laser etched. Headstone. Yes. I want it to be that. And most people will think, oh, I don't know who he is, but he apparently choked to death. You Should have your headstone laser etch with that. But there's a little opening that just shoots milk out of your mouth. Milk mixed with hot sauce. Yes. Yeah. So people walking by the grave and there's a motion sensor. There's a motion sensor that senses someone's passing and it shoots a mixture of 2% milk and a hot sauce at you. And you're like, Jesus, I'm trying to go visit my grandmother. And I, I accidentally passed by Who's Conan O'Brien?


Oh My God. Yeah. I see a lot of things they can etch on your tombstone. That's the one right now. Well, There could also be a little masturbating bear. Like it could your, your tombstone can be a freak show. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's just all this stuff in your mind. Well, You know, The, the technology will exist where it can be a hologram and different images can be coming up. So it can be me in the old timey baseball, You know, whatever different things that have gone viral over the years, moments from this podcast. And people will just pass this headstone and they'll have forgotten me. I'll be long forgotten. But they'll see these moments and they'll think this was a, what was wrong with this man, this Clown? Who Was, I don't know. Or what, what kind of brain disease did he have?


He clearly had like some sort of worm eating away his brain. He died a horrible death. Milk shooting out of his mouth. A bear jerking off on him. Oh God. What a horrible way to go. This poor fellow. Well, I can't think of a better introduction. Might as well get to it. We should get into it. My guest today, it says a hilarious comedian, and I think maybe the funniest comedian out there. He who now hosts the Netflix talk show. Everybody iss live with John Mullaney. I'm beyond excited that he's here today. He's one of the greats.


John Malaney. Welcome. You wanna lawyer up? Are you already Lawyered up? I'm heavily lawyered up. Okay. I need to lawyer up. This is gonna be a few phone calls I'll take you on any day. I would like us to be in a long, protracted, ah, lawsuit that nobody understands. I'd Love it. And we start having to refer to each other as Mr. Malaney and Mr. O'Brien. There's a moment in the Eagles documentary where things get litigious and suddenly it's like, what Mr. Felder fails to understand is that we are a brotherhood. My favorite part of the Eagles documentary is I think there's a part where they realize that David Geffen is kind of taking advantage of them and they unbelievably, and That crack squad.


And So the way the documentary lays out, If you watch the Eagles documentary, and you do not have to be an Eagles fan to love the Eagles documentary. You just have to have some time. Yeah. You just have to have some time. But it's a great documentary in the way things lay out. They got everyone to talk. So you, they have different eagles talking about getting together, and then they meet David Geffen and then David Geffen says, oh, they were the best. They're fantastic. They were amazing. I knew right away. And then they all start working together. Everything's great. And then some of them on camera start to say, yeah. But then we thought maybe this deal, maybe David Geffen's getting a lot of money. And they cut to David Geffen and he went, ah, musicians are in greats. You know? Totally. I think in the same day they Cut that he's, yeah, they go from Don Henley talking to Geffen.


He goes, he's a malcontent. He is a mal. He's always been a malcontent. But then they all go their separate ways from David Geffen. The documentary goes on for another bunch of years. And then they're, all the Eagles break up then they're all on their own. And Henley says, You know, I bump into David Geffen and I'm thinking, what was that all about? Let's get back together again. And then they cut to Geffen and he's like, I knew Henley. He was the, he was the voice and he was some magical, he could do no wrong. And then they start working together for a little bit and Don Henley goes. Yeah. And then I started to notice that, You know, my socks were missing and my watch was missing. And then they cut to him and he goes, I'm Malcolm, This Happens.


He's always gonna be a mountain. Oh, we should get into that kind of lawsuit. People would love it. I'd love it. I love if we let's do something together and then fight over the rights to it until we bury each other in legal costs. Yes. Yeah. That'd be so Fucked. And everyone will know about the beef we have because it will constantly, we'll make sure that it's constantly in the trades, but no one will ever really understand what it's all about. We at all, we should buy a piece of property together. It should also become a thing where the, the tactics of the lawsuit then become what we're fighting over. Yes. Where like the actual, You know, where I'm now just harassing you. And you, me, it's so funny. People love suing.


They do. They just love it. They do. It's Well, I'll get, I'll see you in court, asshole. Yeah. They love it. Yeah. They love every part of it. Well, We're gonna start that. What's what's, we'll tackle that later. Okay. I promise you. There'll be a John Malaney Conan O'Brien lawsuit coming very soon. Lemme congrat. Let's write one song together Called We Will Always Be Fred. Yeah. We'll always be friends. Two content men By the, by the contour. Yeah. I wanna compliment you. Everybody's live first episode. I don't know when this airs. When does this air, are you idiots? I'm sorry. I'm looking at my own people. Not you, John. I have nothing but respect for you. 'cause I don't see you that often.


It's fine. But I'm talking about the people I love and respect here. This episode. March 31st. Okay. Well, okay. So we'll have done, so we'll have done three by Then. Okay. And You know, we're not even gonna edit this. 'cause I like people to see the process. A hundred percent. We are a fallible. Exactly. People don't know that you and I can make And That this isn't coming to you right out of the mic. This Exactly. These are, he's banking these. Yes. I'm banking these. He Just has a bank of them. Yeah. This So he can sell the library. Yeah. Jimmy Carter still has two years to live as we record this. Now I have to edit. Okay. You know, You ruined it. All right. I fucked up. I see you in court. I saw That guy loved hospice. He was in hospice forever. Ever. He got better in hospice.


Yeah. Know. He's the only, Jimmy Carter's the only guy that went into hospice. And then like six weeks later, they saw him jogging around the neighborhood and lifting weights. He was down in Venice Beach, weightlifting. Yeah. No, he really was. He was drinking pre-workout powder and just doing, doing leg days. Yeah. He was Crazy. Everybody's live. Your show makes me very happy. Thanks, man. And I really, I, I'm just delighted that you're doing it and kind of don't understand why nobody said, Hey, I wanna play with this format for a specific amount of time and really fuck around and play with it.


And then move on to some other stuff and then maybe come back to it. There was a, in my day, kind of a get down into the galley and pull that ore for, You know what I mean? You Yeah. An hour a day. And it, it, it really does change the tenor of everything. And here you guys are just having fun. And I'm not sure I know you're gonna do you, you you had the previous season, which had a different name. That was everybody's in LA Yeah. Right. And we covered, we covered the city of la. It was during the Netflix is a joke festival. Yes. So like every comedian was in town. Yeah. And it was a funny situation that we're all in the town of Los Angeles. Yes. This, we've broadened out, You know, topic-wise and where we're filming some stuff.


But, And you have a very, your monologue I thought was, was very funny. But you talk about, we you had a focus group. Look at the name everybody. Yeah. Everybody's in LA and, and you said people, a lot of people in the United States don't like Los Angeles. No, it's really, I was like, nah, come on people. It's not coastal. We, they, they say live from New York, et cetera. Yeah. I was like, people like knowing the, the data. No, people don't like Los Angeles. And then after the fires, I thought, now they might like it feel bad for it at least. No. And You know what's interesting is that people Pro fire the focus group. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. May have started it. Yeah. May have started. The fire is running for president next year is a Democrat.


They, the thing that's shocking is If you drift around LA and get a little north, like people in San Francisco hate LA Yeah. People in LA don't feel that way about San Francisco, If You ask. I don't think they feel that way about any place. Yeah. People in LA are quite Oh, no, no. I, You know, I, I ask 'em about any place, ask 'em about Boulder. They're like, oh yeah, yeah. Boulder sounds great. I've never been there, but it sounds Great. And they love every area right outside of la. Yes. Any place, Cerritos. Oh, Cerritos. It is great. People love Palo Verde. Any, anything near it? Yeah. We're pro. Yes. There's not even like suburban, You know, there's a very Open-mindedness towards other areas, but sort of decided that LA is a, is a terrible place.


Hmm. Filled with terrible people. Hmm. So I think you were right to change the title. Hmm. Everybody's live. And it's Also funny to cave just to be like, like to be at a, it was, it struck me as a funny situation to kind of be like, I've been able to do a lot of things in the past few years and I have some options. It wasn't like it's this show or the highway. So, You know, the fact that I caved so quickly Yeah. On a thing. Like, the title was to me funny in and of itself. Yes. We want you to take out LA and me to go. Okay. Yeah, Yeah. Whatever you want. So it would be funny for you to, you would enjoy being a narc, for example. Or to, You know, like, to, to Turn if I did, if so, if, if I didn't have to.


Because some people, it's like, You know, you get busted with, You know, with a kilo and you're like, you gotta flip on some other guys. Right. That's a jam. But to choose to narc, to choose to knock out of the sheer fucking love of it. So, so to sell secrets to the Russians and not even profit from it. I love those people the most, the actual pro, the actual pro Russias people, Or they're not even pro-Russia. They just enjoy it. It's fun to sell state secrets. Yeah. What was Alger hiss? Was he getting money or was he just like, I I just, I I, some people I think gave secrets.


'cause they're like, it can't be so one sided, You know? Right, right. They wanted to even things out. Yeah. I forget what Alger Hiss did something too. Like he hit microfilm in a, in a carved out pumpkin. I think. Listen, he was, Yeah, you kids, You better bone up, up on this. But Alger hiss of course, really was how Richard Nixon made his career. He made his bones prosecuting Alger hiss. There you go. Little fun fact for you kids that are listening right now, this is why they won't let me have a weekly TV show anymore when I would turn your show so quickly into Alger his history. I yes. I, I'm, I'm seriously, seriously skating that right now.


That's very nice. What you said about the show, that means a lot late night. I mean, you, it's so funny 'cause you did the same thing, but at the highest possible stakes nightly. And I don't think now doing it a little, I mean, meaning six episodes in one. So just, but just having a taste of it, I'm like, there is a thing where you just can't help but do it differently because, You know, and I got the sense that those early years of late night, it was like, you guys couldn't help but make it as, it's almost like for you to do the best job possible, you had to make it as weird as it was. Yes. And like that to you was doing a good job.


Yes. We, we, if we thought of an idea, and it wasn't just anti-establishment. No. It was just really ideas that delighted us. But we knew that anyone randomly tuning in would probably be very confused except, You know, a young John Mullaney who might really like it. If only I had known you, then that would've, I've said this to other people, would've given me great solace to know that you were out there as a kid rooting us on. Oh my God. But, but I, but yeah, we would do, I, I think of the things we do now, and it's like watching yourself skateboarding over sharks, You know, in, in doing some stunt that you did at the time without thinking too much about it.


And now I look at it and I'm frightened for the younger me. Yeah. Because we would do a whole episode where Andy and I got locked in a meat locker. Yeah. And we had flashbacks. It's insane because we'd only been on the air for a couple of months and we were totally, I I think it was all very suicidal and nobody was happy. We were making ourselves happy. But what one of the things I saw on your show that really made me happy, its a great idea, was you got a bunch of people together who had played Willie Lowman. Some of them Yeah. From Death of a Salesman, some of them. Oh yeah. Quite like a bunch of very famous actors. Christopher Lloyd, Anthony, lap Paglia Yeah. Rob Morrow. Yeah.


And, and you got them in there and you did a focus group with them as, as a bunch of Willie Lomans. And it just, we live in this era where I think people got intoxicated at some point with comedy having a point, and comedy meaning something. And comedy, comedy driving the conversation and comedy Conversation, You know, whatever. And the conversation became a term. Yeah, exactly. I never used to hear about the conversation. No, no. And I also, You know, I think it's a feedback loop sometimes. 'cause The Press, that's what, what they cover, Name names, The press likes to cover that kind of stuff.


So if, and by the way, it's e it, those shows are good and Yeah. And those people do good work and it's easier to cover. It's, I wouldn't know what to write ab Yes. Covering comedy is also bizarre because it's Yes. Kind of an objective result. Yes. Like it kind of worked or it didn't. Right. It's, it's by, sorry, it's intensely subjective. But then in terms of the show doing the piece, it Yes, it worked or it didn't. But I think I just love when there's a really funny idea that's very creative. I, I enjoy it so much more. And I, I swear to God, I'll go to my grave thinking it has a power that's hard to understand. But it's there. So the Willie Loman thing was making me really laugh.


I really love you throwing to commercials that don't, aren't, are not commercials that don't need to exist. But I know that you grew up seeing people, You know, like me or Letterman or whatever, throwing to commercial. Yeah. And You know that it's part of this. Right. RITE, this, this, this religious Right. That you say we're gonna take a break, but it's, You Know, you're not Selling Anything. I stole caves that he always said, we'll be back after this message. Which I found was like a weird way to refer to commercials. Right, right. Like, they're just, there's a statement A company wants to make a statement. We in No, we in no Way. We have no, yeah. We in no way profit. It's like doing tv. It feels like, it feels like doing like TV when tv.


Were on TV when TV were on tv. I don't Think you, I don I don't think you should have a show anymore. Yeah, I know. I think you've, this is prerecorded. Well that's the other thing too, that It feels like doing broadcast tv. Yes. Well, also you start the show at what time do you start it in Los Angeles? 7:00 PM Pacific. We go live 10:00 PM New York. Right. But it was kind of exciting. You walked out and you said hello everybody. It, You know, it is 9 0 1. Oh Yeah. I get, I give time and temp. So 7 0 2 in Los Angeles the other night. It was 67. It was rainy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And it was, I don't know, it was just, there's something about that where I thought a lot of people, if they're gonna do live tv, they wanna do something like, I'm gonna put my head in a Tiger's mouth and that's gonna make it compelling.


You were giving the exact time and temperature. And I found it exciting. Yeah. Thank you. I, I appreciate that a lot. Thank you. It's like, wow. And I Great. Yeah. I appreciate that. Great. Well, I could also look at my Apple watch, but I don't know. It was, it looks like you're having fun too. It's incredibly fun. I would say doing those six episodes was, and then working on this new incarnation, it can be tiring, but it's never hard. It is a really, it, it just is really fun. I have to say I haven't had a lot of experiences like that where there's kind of no, other than wanting to realize the things we wanna do as best we can, there's no, like, I don't know.


There's not, there's no obstacle. Maybe there should be some, but there's no obstacle. Right. Also, I got a little bit of nostalgia because you're coming from Sunset Goer Studios. Oh yeah. Which is where Greg Daniels and I started. That was my first, we, we got outta college summer after college, we're sending out, You know, trying to write for tv. We got crazy lucky and got a starting gig at a show called Not So the news that that taped at Sunset Goer Studios. Nice. That's still imprinted on my brain. I felt that we had gone to Saturn. Yeah. That's how strange it was to go from Boston, Massachusetts.


And I had been on a plane like twice and I am suddenly in Los Angeles expecting to see Eric Estrada. You know? Sure. You, you just keep thinking, where are the celebrities? There must, this is where the celebrities are. And you're walking around Hollywood and you're mostly seeing sex workers. Yes. And This the Walk of Fame. Yeah. Barbara Broccoli. Well, I remember being stunned at how seedy, I misunderstood. And Greg, my partner Greg Daniels did too. We confused Hollywood with like Beverly Hills. Yeah. So I thought Hollywood was where all the stars lived and that's where the mansions were.


So we got a place like on Koreatown, and then we were like, let's get Spiffed up and go over to Hollywood. And we were walking around the Hollywood walk of fame. Nice. Which of course is your dodging vomit. And it's, it's grim. Yeah. It's very grim. And I remembered being your Well, you could buy, I mean, you're, you could go buy a sword or a bong or something. You're right. A gr you're right. I I was too harsh. Sunset goer's great. Because when you actually go to bigger studios in Los Angeles, there's such remote areas other than Paramount. There's such remote, overwhelming, faceless, just all consuming areas once you drive on the lot.


Sunset Goer is like next to the Goer Gulch, which is like a western themed Rite Aid and the Arby's sign that's sort of famous. Yeah. Which is no longer even an Arby's. Right. And then like, there's like a gate and you drive on and it's like a few Bill a go Sunset goer is just very low key Sunset Gallery looks the way a studio is supposed to look from like the 1920s, Like at the end of Blazing Saddles type studio of everyone running in. Yeah. Yes. It's someone. And that there'd be a bunch of people outside with autograph books waiting for a star to sign an autograph. You Know that Elvis story with the paramount lot? Which One? So When he first started making movies, he drive through those Melrose gates and he had to hide under all these coats, You know, You know, because the girls would be swarming the gates and didn't wanna know which car he was in.


And he makes a movie. He goes to the Army. Movie, movie, movie, movie movie. He's deep in like, You know, You know Blue Tampa or whatever the films were by the end. Right. And Girls, girls, girls. Yeah. I think that was even kind of a hit. Yeah. This is like the late era later sixties. And the colonel would still tell 'em to hide under the coats, but there was no one waiting. We Have to do that for Conan when he Comes. Yeah.


Airbnb, man. That's what kids are doing now. Yeah. Bla you like your Airbnb, don't you? Yeah, It's great because when I go on a, You know, I'm gonna go back to Michigan for about three weeks. Yep. And my place is just sitting there empty. Might as well make some scratch. Why not? Yeah. Yeah. Scratch is money, right? Like Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Great. Right. Some greenbacks. And it's nice because you're gonna go stay in Michigan. That's right. Where you're from. But why not make some money off your pad? Exactly. I'm staying with my mom. No one's staying in my place. Let's, let's, let's get some money from it. And it's a good feeling to know that your place is being used, it's being enjoyed and you're getting paid for it. Yeah. And I Got a cool place. Yeah. You know, like, I, I went to this bachelor party last year in Miami. Remember when I went to that bachelor party that was, I heard it was Wild. And I, I wasn't even invited. I just was a, I saw that there was a bachelor party and I went in, I have nobody my age getting married. Amazing. Yeah. And it just was so great. But I made sure that I rented out my home, You know, before I went to the bachelor party that I wasn't invited to. And it was a good feeling. Great. Made some money. Not a great feeling to be asked to leave the bachelor party. Yeah. Think about it. If you host while you're traveling, it's a great way to offset some of the costs of your trip. And If you've got a big year of travel ahead of you, hostings a Pretty cool and unique way to make some money back. And then you can buy that special travel purse you want. Or man bagg or Yeah. Purse 2025 is the year to be financially savvy. So don't leave money on the table when you travel. Your home might be worth more than you think. Find out how much at Airbnb dot com slash host.


Have you met all modern? Excuse me, have you I have not. AllModern who thinks making your home modern with fresh furniture and decor should be easy? Mm. Okay. That's why all modern's team of modern obsessed experts, hand vets each designed for quality. And did we mention they offer fast and free shipping? I love free shipping. Isn't it the best? I do love it. Because sometimes you buy something you really like and they go, oh, One more thing. We can get it to you for $9 million. What? Yeah. Yeah. It's going on a Camel anyway. But this means with all modern, you can update your home in days, not weeks, not months, not years. So whether you're updating your living room with a plush rug and sofa, renewing your bedroom with a clean line bed, or re-imagining your dining area with a durable new dining set. All modern has everything you need to bring your vision to life from minimalist to Maximalist. Mm. I've always wanted to say that. That's modern made for real life shop now at AllModern dot com.


Although Sweet James billboards are everywhere. You know, everywhere I drive I see. I see them all over. They're everywhere. I've crashed into a few of them. They're hard to avoid. That's, and then I call Sweet James. Yeah. That works out. No, I, it sounds like I'm joking around and I probably am. But the work they do is pretty serious. When you're hurt in an accident, insurance companies that promise to protect you will try to deny your claim or pay you the least amount possible. We all know that. Yeah. Sweet James. Accident attorney is a world-class law firm with over 25 years of experience taking on billion dollar insurance companies on behalf of their injured clients and winning. They've Recovered Over $1.5 billion for injured accident victims with a 98% winning record. That's crazy. It's a high percent. I wish my name was Sweet James. My life would've been different. Sweet Conan. Yeah. Having the right attorney by your side after you've been hurt in a car, a truck or motorcycle accident can mean the difference between $2,000 and $2 million. Sweet. James have some of the best attorneys in the country. They've been awarded Best Attorneys in America. I mean, I've never won that award. Well, you're not an attorney. I know. That's probably the reason. Yeah. If you're hurt in an accident, call Sweet James at 809,000,809 million or visit sweet james.com.


I have a story, sunset goer story, which is, I was once driving to work and I know exactly when this would've been 'cause you could look it up. But I'm going down Gower Street. I take the right off sunset, I'm going down Gower, I see a parking space and I turn around right near where Paramount is. Sweet. I, I do a u-turn, an illegal u-turn really quickly, and a car is just then pulling in to the gates and I almost hit it. And I stop fast in my shitty car. And the person looking out the window at me is Eddie Murphy. Oh, he's not driving. He's being driven. He's in the passenger side and he's shooting the Golden Child. So I almost ended Eddie Murphy's life as he was making the Golden Child.


What, what year would that be? That movie came out in 1986. Okay, that's perfect. Same weekend as Three Amigos. Oh. Oh, is that true? Yeah. And it, it beat three Amigos at the box office. And they, those guys, those three Amigos guys will tell you that at the drop of hat. But Three Amigos has aged better. Exactly. But you can't convince someone of when, when people feel attached to something, it, it's in a sweet way. They're very like, well, it didn't open Golden Child won the week. You know, it's, I I think it's done okay since Then. They never get over it. Yeah. A little bit. Yeah. In a nice way. It doesn't sound nice to me. Yeah, I Know. I'm just cushioning the story of how petty they're, I'm just trying with some interjecting positivity at the end.


No, but it's nice. They're fixated on their own failures. It's narcissistic, but it's sweet. It's nice. It's nice, but It's nice. You can always just add, it's nice. Yeah. Marty Marty can't see the forest for the trees. He's completely blindsided by failure, but it's sweet. He's a good guy. Good guy. It's nice and it's fun and people like it. It's nice. It's good to always remember it. Tates and the LaBianca were murdered within two days. But it's nice. It's Nice. It's, it's, that's, it's nice. It's slows fearless. Why am I Laughing? Oh no. The, I wanna pay you another compliment because that's the kind of guy I am. And this comes from the heart I went to the SN L 50 comes from The heart with no eye contact. I Know, I know.


I gotta tell you a compliment. That's how we doing you So much. I'm sorry. Gotta Look at this rubber coaster, Solid guy. Here we go. Look at that. Look at that. It's so Irish. And it is St. Patrick's Day today. Hey, happy St. Patrick's Day. And Guess what, I'm not doing this intentionally. I I, I'm not a fan of St. Patrick's Day. I'm not a Kiss Me, I'm Irish guy. No. And so I, people are always giving me shit for not wearing green. And I always, it's not a statement. I just completely forget. So I'm wearing, I think it's a statement. You think it's a statement. I'm sure it's a statement. I wanted to compliment you because I went to the SNL 50th and I know that you were a creative force, a writer behind the SN l 50th along with some other fellows.


Yeah. Was it Simon Rich? Yeah. Simon Worked with you. Simon was back too. And I And Emily Spivey, Paula pe James Anderson Tina was working, was great. I Have to say. I thought the show was great. I had good seats. Didn't know anything that was gonna happen. It's interesting. I think enough time has gone by and I loved my time. It's Saturday, Saturday Night Live. But I needed, all of us have war stories. All of us have some form of PTSD from that, the intensity of that time of our lives that all this time went by. And I came back and I just had a blast. Oh, that's great. I I loved it.


I loved talking to everybody. I enjoyed the show. I thought it was really well written. I thought it was paced really well. I was stunned at how much content there was. I just, I mean, from beginning to end it Was cool. There was so, I mean, granted recurring sketches and things that had been done before or, and the like, but there was so much new performance. Like it wasn't Yeah, they showed a couple, they showed the Schiller's reel with John Belushi. They showed a couple film pieces, but that was it. They showed a few commercial parody montages. Oh, that's right. Yeah. There were very few montages. It was mostly, and That was mainly to make acts and get, You know, like set transitions and stuff.


Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So it was, it was, it was a lot of new, It was a lot of new material. One of the revelations. And I just brought him up and I'm so glad I didn't kill him in 1986. I, I had a great seat to watch Eddie Murphy do two of the sketches. He was in my seat, was just looking right into it. And I maintain, if he's not the most talented person to ever Grace Sar not live, I, I don't know who it would be. He became Tracy Morgan. Yeah. I watched him. He, I watched him getting ready band band's playing. They're counting down. We're getting into it. Within 30 seconds. His face is still completely neutral. He walks, he gets behind the podium where they're gonna play Jeopardy.


He picks up his controller. And then I saw his face morph and he became Tracy Morgan with like three seconds to go. And then he's in a scared straight sketch. Yeah. Which is in the exact same position. And he was mesmerizing to watch. He was mesmerizing. I'm, I'm stunned by him. I really am. And also it felt like a lot of Saturday Night live on display in one moment, which is, he says he's all the way Ray 'cause he never does anything halfway. But his hair funny is braided on one half and then sticking up. And it was like that dumb ass funny joke that Jost wrote. Then the hair department made that wig.


Yep. Specifically for that. It looks perfect. And the sketch starts and it's just sort of like a broad touch. And then he has that joke. It was just a lot of things, every department, You know, hard at work on. Like, oh, it was the, the, the funniest, dumbest joke. I had A absolutely lovely time. And this was I think a week and a half or something before the Oscars. And I didn't have time to go. And this something in me said, you have to go. Oh, that's cool. And I got my ass there and just loved it and loved getting to talk to Lorne and tell him, I hope some of this is sinking in Lauren. Yeah.


And what you've achieved. My God, I want that for you. Getting to talk to so many people from over the years, some of whom worked on my late night show for a while when we were Rock Forest Center and then, and then drifted back to SNL. But I thought it was a triumph and Wow. I mean, I can't imagine everything that went into putting that show together. Well, what was fun was, from my perspective, months out there was Radio City, nothing Saturday, and then the broadcast on Sunday. And I talked to Lauren and he'd tell me a couple things that were gonna be at Radio City. And then he would tell me, and Sunday, I think it's Paul and maybe one other detail, just for months.


Right. And then, and which Paul Exactly. You never know. He Broke a broom in half and said, fight it out. And They, They both won. They both won. Which Paul, the one who had a partner that they didn't get along. That still doesn't help. Wait, real quick, speaking of Paul McCartney, I have to, I feel bad because one of the two participants should break this joke. But right after the 50th, Marty Short did the end of the show, You know, the good nights. He had introduced McCartney and then he was doing the goodnights and thanking everyone and thank and thanks Paul McCartney. And it's big applause and all crazy. And then right after the credits are done, Fred runs up to Marty and he goes, dude, what did you say?


And he goes, what? What? And he goes, you said Tony McCartney. Oh my God. And Marty goes, what? Oh, oh my God. Dammit. And he was like, you said Tony McCartney. That's Fantastic. It's such a good bit. It's such a good fit. Because I wouldn't believe that. Yeah. Because, and this isn't true Armisen who would lie about that? Exactly. And when you're speaking in a setting like that live on tv, you really do feel slightly disconnected. It just all feels like air coming out of you. And Yeah. Dude, you said Tony McCartney. So mess. I had a And and what if, and Tony McCartney and everyone's still kind of applauded, but thought Marty had lost his mind.


That's when did he tell him right away? I'm just kidding. I'm not sure how long. Probably right away. They Probably still haven't told him. It's why he's gone into seclusion. You know, there was the, the show and then there was a party at the Plaza. Ah, man. And I went to that party at the Plaza. I got beef With that party again. What's that? I got beef with that party again. What? Which is The, the 40th and the 50th. Everyone's trying to talk and these musicians get up and start playing. Yes. And it stinks. I want them off the stage. They're so loud. We can't have a conversation. We Can't have a conversation. Yeah. We all wanna sit and stand in various areas talking poorly about our contemporaries.


Yes. Thank you. And you're out there trying to do an arcade fire. Get outta here. Yeah. I wanted to get a little spray bottle of water and just scoop them off stage. I was so mad. Like, You're training a puppy. Exactly. No. What about us? Looks like we wanna move our bodies and dance. Okay. We're all tired and we wanna speak lovingly, but poorly of our contemporaries, coworkers, the show as a whole Yeah. And what the planning was like. Yes. And you, I remember the 40th that, who's that guy? I get to go? Fucking Prince gets up. Yeah. And everyone talks about this like it's the Greatest Night in New York history. It stunk. They sounded like a wedding band.


It was like Elvis Perkins, Paul McCartney, You know, maybe Akron. All of them just playing Yeah. At once. Yeah. Yeah. Loudly. Yeah. And then Prince got up and we had to act like that was a big deal. And I'm just trying to, I just was like, I just wanted to talk. We all know shit with Bobby Moynihan. Yeah. It was such a bum. It's so not what this is about to me. So loud guitars I had, I was really mad. And then when I saw them start to plug in at the 50th I left, I said, I can't, I can't do everything. Okay. Well here's, Here's the thing. I know how to make a good party. We would lower the music and we would all quietly say, say slightly negative things.


Negative face. Yeah. Yeah. There were different levels at the Plaza. And I walked in and I decided, I knew there was music and I didn't go towards the music. Yeah. I stayed down. There was a, a bar. Yeah. I ended up in the lobby where there were couches. Yeah. Yeah. Just hung out there. I went past the lobby, there's a bar area and I'm standing at the bar area and I had said hello to a couple of people and I turn around and Paul McCartney's standing right there. And I'm an insane Beatles fan. I've interviewed him a bunch of times. But I always assume, I think correctly that he's, he's met too many fa I mean he's met too many people in his life. So I don't say like, Hey Paul, You know who I am. We start chatting. I tell him I really liked the Golden Slumbers medley and I liked the, how the guitar parts at the end are so distinctive.


'cause the Three Beatles played them Paul first then. Really cool dude. Sounds really cool. Sorry. I know, I know, I know. I like The three guitar parts. You Do. I know I'm saying I know. I'm, I'm celebrating Mike Dorkham, the three Guitar parts he are looking at because the all three of you Beatles played them. Yeah. I didn't remember the other one's names. Yeah. All three of you. And so He, Joel and Roger and You. But he's chatting and he is like, oh, You know, he's talking about it. And we're having like a nice conversation goes on for a while. I said a couple of things about, I think a couple of nice things about more contemporary work he's done. He seemed to like that. And then he said, well, you've said some nice things to me.


He said, and then he said, maybe you want to even it out a little. Like, You know, you've said some nice things. Maybe you should, maybe you want to go the other way for the next comment. And I said, okay, you guys peaked Jesus. Oh my gosh. I'm sorry. Fucking I said, you guys peaked with the Quarrymen. Everything after that was Shit. That's great. And he didn't laugh. He looked a little surprised. But I basically told him the group they had before they were the Beatles was the best. And everything after that was shit. And then I knew to walk away and I thought maybe, maybe that's gonna penetrate everything else he's heard tonight. Maybe he's gonna wake up at two in the morning, go to that fucker.


Yeah. Say that I peaked with the cool, You Know. Well, You know, like three people in Liverpool Prize said that. Yeah. And I stuck with them. Yeah. Like when he was playing weddings, you was better. You know, and they're like, You know, it stays with you and you go like, yeah, I'd like to see that lady see us now. You know? I mean, and with the Tony McCartney insult. Yeah. I bet his head was spinning. Yeah. He didn't know he had, he was taking punches left and right. My point, Sorry. The thing I was, I failed to say was that those conversations with Lauren, like I feel like in a marvelous way, in order to get the collective heart rate where it needed to be, that show was not planned till much closer to it than You realize. Oh. I mean, you would know, but I, well I know it really was, it was really fun.


It was humorously down to the wire and then it passed the point of humorous. Yeah. It was great. I knew that that would be the case, because that's the way it has to be. Yeah. I also knew, And this and it, and it got there and it was really hard with a two year runup. And this is selling Very, they got it there. Very hard To, to do that. It's like if they had Announced there was that Thursday, they announced Two years out that they were going to be going to the, to to Mars with a rocket. Yep. And it's the night before. And they're trying to figure out where the nose cone is, Or they're like, or it could be Venus like to get everyone there with such a good feeling, but by Thursday to, to create an atmosphere where like me and Tina and Seth and Jot are running into each other.


They're going, what the hell is happening? Yeah. Like that was real, that was a work of art. The, the stress leading up to it was a work of art. Well, Selling out Jim Downey. But I know it was 'cause Jim Downey was calling me pitching things Oh yeah. To me, like A week showing that full Bob Newhart sketch Yeah. A week before and, and saying, wait, I, I, I said, yeah, I think I'm gonna be able to come, but wait, you want me to do something? I don't think I'm doing anything. And he's like, no, no, no, it'd be great. It'd be great. And also with Norm, you could do a norm thing and, and, but you could also do this. And I said, I I, and I got the impression, I started having the impression that he was wandering around the basement of 30 Rock with a phone and the cord had been snipped.


Yeah. Like he wasn't talking. And so I I he was pitching things that I don't think had any chance of happening. Well, he wanted to show in its entirety a cut sketch that Bob Newhart starred in, called Dave's Superstore. Have you ever heard of it? It's like, based on, You know, those Midwestern stores like a Ben Franklin Oh. Which sells Hummel Figurines and Kites and any Oh, is It the store that has everything? Kind of, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And so it's, You know, Hey, do you have a, a crossbow made out of white chocolate? Yes. We, we have one. I And so it's that bit with Bob Newhart. It sounded great, but in the middle of the 50th, Jim wanted to show it in its entire route. Yes. Yes. And I thought that that was such a funny thing to be pushing within 72 hours of the broadcast.


Yes. Yes. And I was getting these calls from Jim, like, so it's all, Hey, it's all planned. You're gonna introduce a sketch. And I I I It's all planned. I Yeah. It's, You know, the fix is in, you're gonna Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so I discreetly, I discreetly reached out to some other people who said, no, It's the best call was the Saturday before I was about to fly in for the week. And Jim goes, now when are you gonna be in the office? And I go, well, I land Monday at this time. He goes, but what time are you getting in? I was like, I'm not sure what time I'm arriving at the office. He goes, I will commit now to keeping banker's hours. If you do, I'll commit now to keeping banker's hours.


Something you've done that I've always been curious about is you've done Broadway. And I have always been curious about it. 'cause I've always, it's always been kind of like a secret dream of mine. Why secret? Well, I don't know. Just it just now for such a long time. There were years ago I was offered a chance to do the Music Man, which I was built to do. And it was this big production of the music man. But I was doing the late night show at the same time. And we realized there's no way that's gonna work. It was just not gonna work. Didn't Pm show You would've been done. What time were you done taping? Six 30. You walk over to what? The Winter Garden? Yeah. You Could have done it.


I know you could do It now, But I, I'm not kidding. You could totally, why wouldn't You do amusement? But I, I saw you and Nick Kroll. Yeah. Do Oh, hello. I had such joy watching you guys up there, but, and then you invited me up for, to, to be part of the madness for a little bit as you did with Secret Guests. And it was so fun. And I always thought, oh, I know what I would love. I don't wanna have to carry a Broadway show, but I would love to be a cameo in a very funny, successful Broadway show. Sort of like King George in Hamilton. Hamilton. Yeah. I want to come in like, like Jonathan Groff in, in and get my laughs and then go backstage.


Like you could do Master of the House in Lay. Yeah. Something. I just would love the idea of living in New York for a couple of Months. Oh my God. Yeah. And and you've done the, you've done that twice now. Yeah, We just did, I did a five week run in what was a total 10 week run of the Simon Rich Play All In. So I was in it, opened it with Richard Kind, Fred Armisen and Renee Elise Goldsberry. And then Chloe Feinman joined the cast when Renee was out. And it was great. Five weeks at the Hudson Theater, which is a great theater for comedy. And with Richard and Fred, Chloe and Renee and, and Alex Timbers, who's directed my past two specials.


And I've worked with an on lots of things and who had directed. Oh, hello. So it was the best, it was like Christmas on Broadway for five weeks with very close friends written by my favorite person in the world. Right. It was so funny. And it's just, I've always imagined the part that seems that I've romanticized is walking to the theater. Yeah. Like late in the afternoon. Yeah. Like you say, it's winter sun going down. Yeah. I'm headed to the theater I'm on tonight. Goodbye. Goodbye darling. You get A big expensive ass coat. Big ass collar walk down the street. I hadn't thought of the coat. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. And that you, you were picturing a little tiny cheap coat.


Yes. Big ass coat. Barely a long overcoat. Big ass collar. Like Babe Ruth, I exactly know the coat you're talking about. You Know the one I mean Yeah. And the big hat. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yes. I, I want it all. I think that would be so much fun. This is One of those things I bet that you will not do soon enough. And you should do it. Yeah. Yeah. What Go do it. The world's oyster. Well, I'm busy. Yeah. Sort of. Not really. I know I'm not busy. No, you Are busy. But you can fit it in, You Know. Yeah, yeah. So proud. I didn't make a crass joke there, You know, fit it. But, but You know what I mean. No, but I'm on. No. Can I, can I just leave something?


Did make the joke. No, but here's the Thing. You've turned a family program into something else entirely. You know what I meant by fit it in though, right? Oh, Jesus. Come do you reme. Do You know what I was talking about? Do I know what you're talking about? Yeah. The euphemism of fitted in. Yeah. Yeah. I get it. Yeah. And honey, I'm laughing on the inside. Look, I'm not, I'm not the, the stiff Patricia Guy. You see, I've got a body sense of humor. Okay. Not on the air. Not ever. Not ever. So I, that was a mistake. Families are sitting around one big radio listening To It's the Depression, It's the depression. And I, I just want you to know what I meant by fitted in.


Do You know what I Mean? I know what you meant. It's Like a guy with a, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Okay. I think we all get it. Okay. If you go to New York, can Matt and I come too? No, maybe we can do, this is my big chance we can do the podcast on Broadway. You guys, there's there's a buzz out there that you've been holding me back. Oh, is that? And this is my chance to wear a big ass coat. Yeah. And people go That Babe Ruth. Oh no, it's Conan. You know that excitement of the Bambi? Oh wait, no musculature, no athletic ability. That's Conan. Yeah. He doesn't have the athletic physique of one of one. Babe Ruth. He's not, yo. Yeah. Six more of those. Conan. We might have a Ruth, not jacked like George.


Hey, You know what the thing is, the three of us should walk around in one big coat like that and people will think, are we side by side or You know, three stories tall? No, we're side by side. So Huge lapels. Giant lapels gets arms. Yeah. And eating a hot dog. We each, we each get an arm. You and I. Oh, you and I in the middle. Should death of a salesman. You should do Death of a Salesman. Oh. And tap into the barely hiding rage, You Know, that it's like to act like it's, I like that it's at all hidden. Sure. Yeah. I have to ask you too about your style. 'cause you brought up the big ass coat. You've got great style. That is something that alluded me. A lot of writers get, especially from my era.


We, we, all of us owned like two shirts. Yeah. We looked like shit. We, we lived in shitty apartments. You one of the great comedy writers, certainly of your generation of all time. Oh, you always, it seems like You know how to dress. Where did You know how to dress? When did You know how to, you always look good. You're a shirt Dresser. That's nice of you to say. Don't You think that that's true? Yeah, absolutely. I mean, always. So I'll tell you this story. The first time I ever came to New York, I was 13. I was with my dad and we're walking around downtown New York and two memories that meant a lot to me. Both just how to comport yourself as a person. This guy's coming down the street that my dad had done a deal with, and the guy had been super unethical.


So he walks up and he goes, Hey, chip malaney. And my dad goes, I'm not shaking your hand. And we keep walking and he goes, I didn't mean to do that in front of you, but that man was very unethical in a deal we did. I thought, I've never seen anything so badass in my life. Wow, that's great. Just I'm not shaking your hand and walk away. Because I also, my parents always were talking about being nice and polite and friendly and neighborly. So I just liked the boundary of, I'm like just a, just one man. It's why I love lawsuits. One man dressing down another. Yeah, Yeah. One man excoriating another. So then we go to NYU law school. My dad wants to see a classroom that's been dedicated to a federal judge that he once clerked for this guy, ed Weinfeld, who had passed away by them. So we walk up into the law school and there's a security desk and there's a student who has misplaced their id and the security guard is giving them like a ton of shit.


Like, well, I can't let you back. And, You know, you can't get into the library without, and my dad's wearing just a, a jacket and tie just because, and we just walk right past the security guard. And as we're walking up the stairs, my dad doubles back and looks at me and goes, the power of dressing Well. Yes. And keeps So do you think that's maybe where it came from? Just Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Yeah. I, I wear Like a tie sometimes at home so that my kids think, I mean, like, I would, It's A bit put on obviously I don't need To be wearing, but, but I, but I understand it's become, your aesthetic is attached somewhat, I think, to the work you're doing. Like you are a sharp dresser, that your choice of words is better than other comedians.


And, and I think, I, I think the whole thing is no, I'm, I'm, no, I'm laughing at what he's doing. I know, I know. I'm, I think it's connected. I think it's connected. That do think it's connected. I think you, it's, you put things together in a very thoughtful, crafted way and it all, it's all of a piece. Like it makes sense to me that you, you dress as John Mullaney. Oh Yeah. I will say I am genuinely very comfortable in the things I wear. And if, if, if I were more comfortable in OI am often not in comfortable, like in Jeans and New Balance and like, I don't know, what would Ray Romano wear An $8 Cashio watch, You know, I don't mean to name names.


Oo Plebeian, like Ray Romano wear. That's who I was picturing as I went feet up. I was like an open shirt. Who am I seeing here? Modern day Ray Romano. No, but I, I, I feel more comfortable doing it. You always dress very nice. I, I learned over time to, to Dress when I was a writer at SNL, I wore the same thing every day. Yeah. 'cause I heard Obama had dark gray and dark blue suits with a red tire or blue tie, so he never had to think about what to wear. Right. So I got a ton of gray Heather, 50 50 cotton t-shirts from American Apparel and then khaki pants from J Crew.


I would wear that and a, if it was cold, I'd wear a blue crew neck sweater. And it's the only thing I wore for like four years. It's very interesting. Four years when I started, which is 85, the old timers at that point were people that worked in on counterculture television. And they were all, they, they would go up into their office and smoke pot. They wore out of pride t-shirts and ripped jeans. And I remembered thinking, that's not me. Yeah. I hadn't quite figured out who I was, but over time I saw the value of I don't wanna look like a bum. I, and, and, and also when I had kids, I liked looking like a dad.


Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? I liked for some reason come in and I've got, You know, I would wear sometimes my tie from work home and I would, they would see that when I worked, I was dressed up and I thought, yeah. I want them to have that idea of what a dad is. That's Really funny. Someone who is supplied Tom Broca suits by NBC and then wears makeup when he comes home. Yeah. Like a dad. Yeah. Having a lot of bass on. Yeah. Eyeliner. Yeah. Well, the show, which I really love, everybody's live, it drops live on Wednesday nights. Is that correct? Yeah. Wednesday night live. March 12th. We started, we're done May 26th.


And it's really fun If you can, to watch it, If You can, If you can watch it live, If you have, if, if, if it's in your schedule. Oh, Sorry. I thought like if it's really fun, If you can watch it, You know, I thought you were speaking in general. I was like, you can just, a hard plug would be nice at this point. If you don't mind, check out one episode. Or a Lot of people don't have access to television. You know that. Oh Right. Shame Me. It's only for the 1%. Shame Me at the Whatever You're in bubble, so. Yeah. Yeah. I guess everyone go out and buy a new television. Let me tell you something. When I see you on the street in New York, I'm not shaking your head. You don't like the way I've comported myself. No. Yeah. I Said, wait, this is your lawsuit. Here you Guys go, Hey, here we go. Nah, that's not it. No, I think we need to color It Can't be, it can't be defamation.


It's, it needs to be over the rights to something. Yes. Yes. Yeah. I'm gonna sue you for that. You could sue him honestly, being like, oh, there's no shortage of things. What the show became Yeah. Was we were integral to it. You know, the way like Oh, right. Like, because he'll be like, nah, it's my show. I do whatever I want with it. You know, he's the Don Henley. He's the malcontent. Yeah. But you guys are the Don Felder, You know, Hey, you're, you're Don Felder and, And Joe Walsh. And Yeah. And I can just, Schmidt Yeah. I'm just gonna leave you behind. And then you say, no, no, no. I was in the room when you came up with Hotel California. That's what you should say. I was in the room and I contributed content essential to the creation of the work. Yeah. Hey, You were in the room when I said, do you think it'll fit?


Oh, oh, fit. You know, you can fit It in, Fit it in fitting No one wants. And you, you, you were in the room and you want credit for That. Yeah. You were integral to that. I both want credit For it and I feel sexually harassed. I'll sue you from both sides. Yeah. I'm gonna let you go, sir, because we've Nice to see you, man. You know what? You're one of my favorites. You're one of my favorites. You're As a, as a person and as a maker of things. Thank you. And I, one of my all, all, all time favorites. And I'm just, I love you very much as a person and it's really nice to see you. And I've been thinking about you a lot, so Wow. I hope. Thank you so much. Life is Good. You seem good.


Which is Great. Be just, before I went out to do the Oscars, I got a lot of texts from a lot of people. You sent me one of the most meaningful texts I've had in my life of enc. Quick text of encouragement you the eggplant emotion and said, I hope you can fit it In. You can fit it in. You know what that means, right? No, I don't. I don dunno what it means. Why would I violate myself with such a vegetable? No, you sent me a, you sent me a, an email, a text. I'm not kidding when I say it, it gave me like a 20% boost of confidence. So seriously, thank you very much. I'm glad it, it meant something. You're the best. We were so excited. It was so exciting to watch that show with everything going on in the world.


And I don't know, for like that, like, it, like it just felt during that it was like, 'cause You know, like it's a bad time in the world. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And no one saw any of those movies. And But like, for that show, it was like, things seem happy and positive and we're acting like everyone saw these and we know what they are. You know what I mean? We're like, oh my God, it won that one. That's great. You know, fucking no one saw a thing. Right? No one did. No one saw a thing. We didn't see anything. But you really did put on a show that said, thank you. This is a cool night and we're gonna have fun. Yeah. And that is, that sounds like a very simple thing, but as we were talking about comedy, that is like just not quite always messaging.


It's, it's harder to do. All right, well listen, thank you for saying that. Go work on your show and, and keep enjoying it. 'cause I can tell you're having fun. It's, and when you're having fun, you're golden. Thank You man. Go in peace. Go in peace.


Introducing El Torro zesty southwestern style frozen burritos, stuffed with seasoned meat, drippy cheeses and delicious beans soaked in five alarm fuego sauce. Choose from bold flavors like meat lovers, fiesta queso, tsunami, and a thrilling be storm blowout. Just make sure your bathroom is ready. Oh Christ. No. You know why I swear I just read these off the top and I have to give them credit. I think I got to be storm blowout when I started to sense. Just make sure your bathroom is ready for the after fiesta, because toilet paper just isn't gonna cut it. Oh my God. A lux bidet uses fresh water to gently spray the mess away, providing a more thorough, comfortable, and satisfying clean for less than $40 and only 15 minutes you can convert your toilet into a bidet. I thought it meant you need 15 minutes to use it every day. That's what I thought. I thought it was a 15 minute commitment to get your ass clean. Please discuss your personal experience with Lux Bide. My personal experience is with these ads, that's my personal experience. These ads are a nightmare. Do you have a Lux pide? I do. It's great. Yeah. I will say, now it's hard for me to go back to a normal toilet. God, it got really quiet after I Said that. All right. Well, You know, you heard it here first. It's available on Amazon or lux bide.com where you can get 20% off. Now with code Conan and I'm, I'm betting Lux Bide gets 20% more off, if you know what I mean. You see what I'm saying? I hate it here. You hate it here. Lux bide. The better way to go.


Robert. Half research indicates nine out of 10 hiring managers are having difficulty hiring. Hmm. Who's Robert? Half Anyway, If you have open roles, chances are you're feeling this too. That's why you need Robert Half. There we go. There's specialized recruiting professionals engaging their skills with their award-winning AI to connect businesses of all sizes with highly skilled talent in finance and accounting, technology, marketing and creative, legal and administrative and customer support. You know what? I started wondering who this guy is. Yeah. At Robert Half they know talent. Visit robert half.com today.


All right. We have a mystery to solve that maybe only you can solve. Okay, let's hear it. Maybe I can do it. That's that can do American spirit. Maybe I can do it. This is an article on cracked Colorado Park. Rangers are desperate to know why they have a photo of Conan O'Brien in their office. So it's a signed photo that's hanging in these rangers office. And I guess they've changed personnel and there's enough turnover that nobody knows what the story of it is. And in the article, they're basically asking, can you shed some light on this? Well, First of all, it's an insult. It's a huge insult. I knew you were gonna say that. No, It's true. I knew it.


If, if someone takes over an office and there's a signed photograph in there of say, Jerry Seinfeld, no one says who would want this? That's not what they're saying. This, Why would this be in here? They wanna know the story. What is The picture? What is the story? There was the, what does the picture say? I'll show. Okay, here's the actual tweet. It's insulting from the Colorado Park Rangers Northeast region. Hey, at Conan O'Brien, we realize you're a bit busy today. This was during your Oscars, but at some point, can you explain the sign Pick at Roxboro State Park in Littleton, Colorado? No one knows the story and we would really love to. You clearly left your mark on the park though, and it says, your autographed photo says to the park rangers best Conan O'Brien.


And then they tweeted a picture of all the mountains with little orange pompadours. That's nice. Lemme see. Lemme see the photograph. Let's see. So, okay, this is a photo of the bearded Conan to the park rangers. It's on the TV If you wanna look up Conan. Oh, all right. Well, there I am with my, in my handsome beard phase. Huh? I have an idea of how this happened. Yeah, Go ahead. When You know you, you get a lot of fan mail. Yep. And it's your job of your assistant to take the fan mail, get the autograph picture, and then do it. Yes. Sometimes. And I, this is my fault. I would take too long to show you the thing. So you would do it. But at that point, it may have been like a year after we got the actual letter, so somebody may have sent a letter asking for it.


So, so someone said, we here at the we here at the park Ranger booth. Yeah. And where is it? Colorado? Yes. And apparently it is made the local news there. They're wondering as well. Okay, well big shocker. Maybe somebody who worked as a park ranger in this area of Colorado took a liking for some reason we don't understand to my comedy stylings, and asked me if I would autograph something for the park Rangers and I sent it in and they put it up on the wall and it stayed there. And the fact that it's this big mystery is like someone shoving a hot poker up my ass. It's not, it's just insulting.


I'm gonna go back to, it's insulting. We can't figure out, obviously long before a civilized man existed, I don't know if this will help or hurt, but the first ad on this page too is a big picture of an enlarged prostate. Has nothing to do with age. Just stop doing this one common thing. Can we play the local news segment that's on that page? There's a video there. Meanwhile, comedian Conan O'Brien hosted the show leading to a very interesting question from Colorado Parks and Wildlife. Where did this picture come from? So they posted this on X on Sunday, a signed photo of Conan O'Brien. This is crazy. And asked this question, why does this exist?


The signed photo is on the wall in the CPW office in Roxboro State Park down near Littleton. They say no one knows the story behind it, and they would like to find out why he left his park. That guy at the office, Roxboro State Park. Okay. It says to the Park Rangers, that's Awesome. It is cool. I wonder if he stopped down there, if he was in town. He must have, and maybe that's awesome. An ex-employee had it signed. Who knows? I love it. Conan, who knows? Oh God, let let us know. This must be the most, who knows? Amazing place to live that they have literally no news. This is, I'm sorry, Roxboro State Park. And to those anchors. I I'm with you. What? Yeah, what?


Why is Conan here? The real question is what? The question is, why would someone like Conan, why would someone cherish an autographed photo of Conan? What's this doing here? That's what you say. That's what you say when there's like a weird crop circle that no one can explain. What does this mean? I'm sorry. Somebody in Roxboro State Park once took a, shining to my C, liked you enough to ask for a picture. But didn't take the picture with him or her. Didn't take it with them. It came and they were like, well, you got everything.


Hey, what about the picture you at? Leave it. Let's leave it. It'll be a real mystery. It'll probably end up on the news. Why is CO in here? Oh, I get that. I've, we've got beef now, Colorado. We've got beef coming for you. I'm coming for you. I don't even know what that means. I'm coming for you. I know. What do you mean? Whatcha? You're gonna park? Well now there's another mystery park. Yeah, that is another mystery. What did Conan O'Brien Mean When he said, we're coming for you? Yeah, exactly. Oh wow. That is hilarious. That's good.


Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sono of Cession and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive, produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aren Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick, talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Khan. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode.


Got a question for Conan? Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan. And If you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend wherever fine podcasts are downloaded.


This episode is sponsored by E-Trade from Morgan Stanley. Dive into the market with E-Trade, easy to use tools and now there's even more to love. Get access to Expert Insights from Morgan Stanley to help navigate the markets. Open an account and get up to a thousand dollars or more with a qualifying deposit. Learn more@etrade.com terms and other fees apply. Investing involves risks. Morgan Stanley. Smith Barney, LLC Member Sip E-Trade is a business of Morgan Stanley.


All set for Your flight? Yep. I've got everything I need. I mask Neck pillow. T-Mobile headphones. Wait. T-Mobile. You bet. Free in-flight wifi. 15% off all Hilton Brands. I never go anywhere without T-Mobile. Same goes from a water bottle. Chewing gum, nail clippers, passport. I'm gonna leave you to a Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel Qualifying plan required wifi were available on select US Airlines deposit and Hilton honored. Membership required for 15%. Discount terms and conditions apply.