(4s):
If you need help getting into unwind time at the end of the day, try magnesium ohm from moon juice. Mm. I knew I'd one day Say those words. Magnesium Ohm is the bestselling powdered magnesium supplement with three bioavailable forms of magnesium plus l-theanine to support rest, relaxation. Oh God. Say it in regular poops. There you go. I went to college. It's the bestselling formula serving over 17 million relaxing nights in the last five years. I'm constantly looking for the right magnesium formula and they've cracked it. Yeah. Take 20% off Sitewide with code Conan on moon juice.com. Let's offer code Conan for 20% off@moonjuice.com.

(52s):
Robert, half research indicates nine out of 10 hiring managers are having difficulty hiring. I didn't know that. I didn't either. If you have open roles, chances are you're feeling this too. Interesting. That's why you need Robert half. Yep. I don't think that's a person. That's the company. Okay. I was Confused. Yeah. They're specialized recruiting professionals engaged with their proprietary ai. Welcome to Connect businesses of all sizes with highly skilled talent and finance and accounting, technology, marketing and creative, legal and administrative and customer support. See it. Robert Half They know Talent. I Wish. I had had Robert Half back in the day when I was hiring. Okay. So no offense. Sona. Oh, it, I feel like you did mean to offend Me. Yes. You wouldn't be here if I had had Robert Half. Visit Robert half.com today.

(1m 48s):
My name is Jon Stewart. And I. Feel Honored Honored to be Conan O'Brien's friend. Although I Read it wrong. Wrong. You weren't sure about the name. Well, No. Here's, here's where I fucked up. That hurts. That hurts it. It was my verb. Subject agreement is where I fucked up. Back to school Ring friends. Hello. It's Conan O'Brien.

(2m 28s):
We are here with Conan O'Brien needs a friend. It's a juggernaut. The podcast. Yeah. It's a juggernaut. Do you know what juggernaut is? I Yes. I know what a juggernaut is. Unstoppable. Yeah. But yeah. Unstoppable. We Is it Big? don Don't know. don don't know. We talking to microphones. I, don. It's Who's listening? It's massive. All I got stopped at the library the other day and the girls, wait A minute, you were in a library. Okay. And were you looking for directions? Where's, where's the dispensary? Yeah. Hello. I'm looking for the dispensary. I'm sorry. I you're, I I shouldn't pretend that you don't read. You read a lot, don't you? Shut Up. No, you do. Right. I'm Matt Gourley, by the way.

(3m 8s):
You fooled everyone I know, but I, I shouldn't. Yeah. And I went. I shouldn't act like you're someone that doesn't care about books, But because so many people know about our lives, they saw my kids. They were like, oh, it's Mikey and Charlie. And then at one point they were like, can can't believe I'm talking to you. Yeah. And I'm like, I, I didn't know that. Like people I know people listen. It's just, I, we we're in a room with like five, not five. How many of us are six people? don don't know who's, Yeah. It was good that you corrected from five to six. That was important. No, I I'm constantly running into people, as I've said, that are listening to the podcast as they encounter me. It's a juggernaut. Yeah. Just this morning on the way into work, I was waiting at the light and a guy was like, oh, hey, I, I'm listening to the podcast right now and kind of pointed at his phone.

(3m 49s):
And I was like, oh, cool man, how's it? And he literally just turned and then walked away and then just stood at the on faced away from me and stood waiting to cross the street. Oh, You wanted to talk to him more. And I was like, Oh, hey, that's good. And he was like, and literally walked away from me. And, and yeah. He wanted The other way. He wanted, he he wanted to. Yeah. He didn't wanna talk to you. He just wanted to go and listen to the podcast. Yeah. He would Rather listen to you guys than on a phone, than talk to me in person. Okay. This reminds me of something that happened to me years and years ago. I got on a flight, And, it was some flight. don don't know which airline it was, but one of those airlines that was showing that's important To know The late night show. You got on my case about five to six.

(4m 30s):
But please figure out which airplane you are on. Okay. I guess I deserve, you know what? I deserve that. I deserve that. Okay. I deserve that. And. I won't, you know, I, I won't retaliate. You know, I won't go after anything about, about you. And I. I, I apologize. I'm looking at my denim jacket. I know. I know. I just, it's, it's corduroy. It's corduroy. No, no. It's awful. Anyway, you know, if you could fix that refrigerator for me when you get a chance. I, I mean, just dress up a little bit for work. Oh, come on, But. anyway, I was, I got on a plane. We start flying, what was the airline? Spirit Airlines, I believe. No And. it, you know, the little monitors where people are watching television and the person who was sitting across the aisle and ahead of me had their monitor on, and the plane takes off and they get service and they start watching my late night show.

(5m 25s):
And of course it's silent 'cause I have headphones on and I can see it through my mannerisms that I'm coming out. I'm greeting the crowd. And then I can see through my mannerisms that I'm doing the setup to the first joke. And then I do the first joke. And the guy laughs and he turns to me and he gives me a thumbs up. Oh. And I'm like, oh, this is cool. That's amazing. And I start to think, I just taped this. Like, I just taped this a couple of hours ago. What's the second joke? You know, I, I'm trying to think. I know. The first one was good. I can't remember what the second joke was. And I see myself gesturing. And then I deliver it and the guy doesn't laugh and turns to me and does that.

(6m 7s):
And just as he did it, I remember it. Oh, right. The one about the pineapple. Oh yeah. That wasn't good. And I'm like, shit, am I gonna be getting a blow by blow critique of the show as I watch myself in silence to this guy who's wearing his headset? It was hilarious. Oh my God. Never forgot that second joke. That's amazing. And I was like, ah. Right. The pineapple joke, Don, don't remember what the joke was. But. anyway, these things happen. It's very strange. But yes. Sona, you encountered some people in a library. Did. you, were you taking the kids there? Yeah. Okay. So you were, did you get a book while you were there? I sometimes read. Okay. I don't, I I'm not a avid reader.

(6m 47s):
You used to make fun of me for reading all the time. You, the Books you read are enormous and they're so like it. How many books about Lyndon Johnson do you have to read? Like You have to read all the ones by Carro. Well, you, okay. And then there are other books by Lyndon Johnson. But you know, it's not just Lyndon Johnson, it's American History I know. But then of course, you gotta know your French history. You've gotta know what you know about World War I and World War ii. Then you gotta learn more about World War I and World War ii. And then you gotta learn more about World War II and World War I. It doesn't stop. I know. And Stalin's always up to no goods. You gotta read about him. What's gonna happen This week? Yeah. So this Is so many. There's so many. I mean, I read some books, but you, you just constantly read. Like, just give it a rest.

(7m 28s):
Yeah. Give give reading a rest. You get it? Yeah. Hey, you know how to read. We get it. You know, you know, it'd be great if you did a PSA, Hey, hey, kids. Give Reading a rest. And Sona says, give reading a rest. Turn on the tv. Yeah. The more you know be me. Exactly. All. right. My guest today is an up and comer. He's getting there. He's an Emmy Award winning writer and comedian who hosts and executive produces the Daily Show on Comedy Central. Thrilled he is here today. Jon Stewart. Welcome. There's so much I want to talk to you about. And I. You. And I. You, sir.

(8m 8s):
It's just turning to a Senate subcommittee here. Well, the mics are right. First of all, I will congratulate you. You're rarely out here in la. Almost never. Almost never. Although sometimes you're hearing, you know, Did, you reach out. No, You don't. There. If I knew There were Stewart sightings, he'll be like, across the street and I'll be like, John. And then he just steps back into an alley. Right. Here's What I do. I hear from his people. He's not in la When I see him, I just fade into the ru and go, I'm excited about being your friend in the future. In the future. And I. Yeah. I go into the hedges. He's Like a, the way of empire rolls backwards. That's right. That's right. That's John going back into the shadows. That's right. I wanna start off by congratulating you. I, I don't know when this airs, but I, but I, I will say, you just won an Emmy the other night.

(8m 53s):
This may not air for seven years. And I. do something with John. I'd like to hold onto it for seven years. 'cause then it really, It has to age. It has To age. Yeah. With the fine wine. but I congratulate you. Thank you. And. I. Accept it. I, I don't, there was some question of whether or not I would accept it. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to say you Accept my congratulations. I accept it. And, and we can move on from that. I wanted to talk to you because there are many things to talk about. But one thing is I feel like we have this kinship both coming up at around the same time. Oh yeah. In very, in very different ways. Very much so. But early nineties. And it's so hilarious to me now that at the time that was very much, it was the present.

(9m 37s):
It was the early nineties. Now Sona to you, it probably sounds ancient. Yeah. Ancient nineties. The nineties, yes. Oh, they had TV back then. They had Sona. No, they had just developed a television. Oh, wow. You Don't have, you don't have to say it like, like that that, that actually hurt my feelings. The nineties. Yeah. That was like one of those where she's like, tuberculosis. Yeah. Dear God. But Floy, I didn't know that. Is that still a disease? Rick Rickets now clear, clear something up for me. Were you on a test show of mine or not? I I was not. You Were not on a test show. 'cause the test shows were as, as, as dysfunctional and insane as the early shows that were on air were, I can't remember who was on the test shows and who were not on the test shows.

(10m 19s):
I remember Mickey Rooney being on a test show. Oh, Dear God. And did he Know it was a test show? Or did he think I remembered him? I have a very clear memory of talking to Mickey Rooney out outside that 30 rock hallway. Right. And I'm nobody. And he is hanging from a garment rack. His feet dangling. Yeah. He's hanging on a garment rack. Yeah. Like a chimpanzee. Yep. Yep. And he's in his white T-shirt. And he said, Conan, I used to have a full head of hair, but Harry Warner made me use this shampoo. And I lost it all. And I thought, this is an amazing job. I have. This is an incredible job. He blamed his hair loss on Harry Warner in 1941.

(10m 60s):
Making him music kind of shampoo More impressive is a 90-year-old man with that agility. Oh yeah. To be hanging off of us. He Was flipping around. That's incredible. Doing full three sixties. For, for consistency sake, we should have Sona go Mickey Rooney. Mickey Rooney. What? When we get to a name, you know. Yeah. Just say bingo. Okay. Yeah. But until then, just deal with this. Okay. As we walk through our careers, it's gonna be, you're gonna see, there's gonna come a moment where you're like, I remember that show. Okay. But it's gonna be a while. Okay. All. right. I'll wait. Yeah. I just wanna know if you have the same feeling that I have about this. Yeah. Which is that in, there was this period of time where, and this might just be me, but I felt like a lobster without its shell so young.

(11m 49s):
So like Jesus Christ, this is, you know, 1993 doing this show so raw. It felt like it took forever to get to the point where people said, yes. Now you've arrived. That felt to me like it took a thousand years to you. To me. But, but hold on. But, but John, lemme tell you something. Lemme lemme finish this. Yeah. So then there's this period where finally it felt like it gelled. It's what's a thousand years of feeling like, I've gotta get there, I've gotta get there, I've gotta get there. Right. I've gotta get to the point where I'm accepted. Then it starts to gel. And then before I know it, it's, you are the old guy. And, and, no, no. Not in a bad way. It's, it's nice. Like you're the, you're the elder state. The time moved in a manner that was shockingly, you know, Conan.

(12m 33s):
It was only yesterday. Yeah. You're that I realize you're the narrator from once The fungus on the nail on your big toe begins to creep. But you do, you know what I'm talking about? Which is, it's So interesting to me that you thought that because you are, and this is not a, a exercise in smoke, but you were kind of legend to us already at that time because of Lampoon, because of SNL, the Simpson. Like you were already in our eyes a made man. Oh. But, but it's so interesting to me that Yeah. That you would feel, but nobody Feels that You don't, or don don't know. I think there are people that think, I've always heard that Eddie Murphy, right.

(13m 13s):
When he was doing standup and he was like, 17. But that's Mozart. That's Yeah. No I know. That's a prod of you. Well, Please I don. I didn't even see, really, I didn't even see. No, no. He's, he's beyond, he's, he might be the most talented human being. Yeah. It's, that's ever wandered onto the planet. It's different. So, so, but what I'm saying is I know, a, a guy, a comedian named Ron Richards that I worked with in another lifetime in like 1985, told me that he did standup and he did standup when Eddie Murphy was just starting in. Eddie Murphy was like, I know, 16 years old or something. 17. And that there'd be nobody, there were nights where there was nobody in the club, or maybe one person. So a lot of people wouldn't even bother going on, or they'd go out and just sort of phone it in.

(13m 55s):
They, he said Eddie would go out and do, to one person would do it as if the whole room was packed. This is when no one knew him. This is pre SNL. Right. He would do it the whole thing. And then he'd walk off stage and he'd tell people, I'm gonna be one of the biggest stars in the world. Wow. And He just knew. He Just knew because And I. And that makes sense. Then I'm contrasting that with my own experience of How much of that is internal though, because, you know, as, as an outside observer. Right. You know, and I've heard you speak about this and, and sort of this idea of you felt a little bit like not the cool kid, or not the dar but for those of us who are sort of not in that stream.

(14m 37s):
Right. Like, not Harvard Lampoon or SNL or Simpsons, which was Well, Harvard Lamp lamp Hoon. Which does not see this is the other thing. Yeah. I don't think that confers coolness. That was the one thing. I Wish. Oh, at that time. No, no, no, no. That was the one thing I wished I could have changed about my bio really? Is that what's so cool that Dave, he comes out of the miss. He's from Ball State. That's just much better. I remember before I even went on the air, people were like, Harvard. Oh. So some intellectual is going to take over for David. Let And I thought, well, no, I'm actually quite silly. And I. I'm gonna make Dick Katt look like he No humor. Yeah, exactly. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Masterpiece Theater tonight.

(15m 18s):
I have to tell you, Peter Soff I can tell you, we had a guy that did our warmup before we knew we needed to get someone to do our warmup. And he, he was, he was the announcer on the show. Joel Goddard. Lovely man. But we just said, we don't know who does the announcing, who does it like on The Tonight Show? And they said, the announcer always does it. Ed McMahon always did it for Johnny. Okay. So we asked Joel Goddard to do it. And I would go out. And I could always tell. The audience was like, huh, don don't know about this guy. And I would think, well, that's, that's all on me. And one night, a couple of weeks into the show, late night, 93, I'm like, putting on my tie. And I wander out, And I, hear Joel talking to the crowd. And he went, and of course he went to Harvard. We wrote a thesis, literary progeria on the works of Flannery O'Connor and William Faulkner, this man had, was born with a silver spoon in his ass.

(16m 5s):
And you're going to laugh. And I thought, what the fuck? Why Can I tell you? Yeah. The angry announcer character. Maybe that is an archetype. Yeah. I, I would hope that Johnny Gilbert does that on Jeopardy. This motherfucker, This motherfucker Don't think that he doesn't know the questions. He does. They're on a paper. He'll act like it's coming to him, but it's not. It's all written out. But in, but this is, you're talking about the broader world, like in our, so four comics. Right. And, and you probably same as Me, came of age in sort of the seventies, late seventies or early eighties. National Lampoon.

(16m 46s):
Right? Was it? Yes. And those guys came out of Doug Kenny, Henry Beard. Right. You know? Yeah. And they Were legends in comedy. And you knew that they had created Right. A kind of new anarchy. Right. And a new form. And they were so idolized and knowing that you would come out of that same stream, you know? Hmm. That so where the larger world might look at it and say like, oh, it's Harvard, it's gonna be Right. Right. Academically removed or intellectualized, she's Gonna be giving lectures. Right. You, you won't, you won't do a pratfall. You'll just go And I waited three seconds and then allowed gravity to do its thing.

(17m 28s):
Yeah. Like Yeah. The the way. So coming out of that Yeah. Was like legend. Well, here's the thing. I guess the larger point I'm trying to, to, I need a Sona. Yeah, You too. You need a Sona. You can have, that's what, guess what I gift you? No, There's nothing politically, Hey, there's nothing politically incorrect about saying, I gift you this woman. I think I'm on pretty solid ground. No question. Sona. I gift you. Oh fuck. I know. It's so fucked up. Oh my God. Well, don't worry. This will never air the, I guess what I was, I want you to know that if there's anything that you say on this podcast, You don't feel good about, But it'll come out.

(18m 9s):
You can, You know What's interesting? I will allow, That is my rule for my guests. But Goly, if I fuck up, leaves it in intentionally. Yeah, he does. Oh, that's So good. He leaves in all of the, so that's great. I don't get that courtesy, but I, guess what I'm trying to say is that we finding ourselves coming, I think we came up at the same time. Yes. We're, we're the same age. We've had these wonderful experiences. But what I'm noticing, just in general, and I'm wondering if it feels the same way to you, is that there was this period of adrenaline. I often feel like when you watch the bear, that's what it felt like to me, to put a late night show together. Right. Early on, it felt like you have to live there.

(18m 48s):
You're constantly living on the edge. You feel like you have to rein, you have to reinvent the menu every night. Right. It's like, and then there's this brief, the period of, oh my God, people are coming to the restaurant. We got our stars. Everything's good. Right. That Felt, even though I, it doesn't feel this way to other people that felt quick. And then, ah, the ELT statesman. Right. You better take a nap. That felt like that part lasts a lot longer. Yeah. And, and the, the new guys and the new gals come up real fast. And Don. Don't know. That's how it just felt to me. And, I'm not complaining. I just find it like it. Right, right. Like a trick in time. Well, there's definitely, I feel that time jump related more towards, I think the physical manifestation of erosion that I see in the morning.

(19m 36s):
Right. Like, it's not, I don't feel that way about necessarily the career, but I also think we followed a slightly different path in that as a standup, like I did face a tremendous amount of, I guess what my agent called failure. Yeah. And lack, I'm un I'm unfamiliar, I'm unfamiliar with this word unfamiliar, But, but having been canceled or having been, you know, done all those, those different things. So I think I had a different expectation, right. Of what making it was And. I. I think ultimately, and I'm sure it was a rationalization or some kind of mechanism that the success for me coming from where I came from was impulsively moving to New York with no money or prospects or anybody in my life mentioning that I might have ability.

(20m 37s):
Right. And having a six week sublet and saying, fuck it, Trenton, New Jersey, ain't it? And I'm not working at the bottom half. And for the rest of my life, I'm getting at, you know? Right. I'm, I'm putting Springsteen in there and going, it is a death trap. Suicide. It is a suicide rap. And you gotta get out While you're not young. But yeah. You know, 24, 25, Remember those lyrics at all. But it's, Do you know who Bruce Springton is? Bingo. Yeah. Yes. Good. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no, no. Not Rick Springfield. Oh, Similar. Fuck. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Not Harry's Style Different. No. Then nevermind. Imagine Harry Styles with a bandana.

(21m 18s):
Well, Ana placement Harry Styles would wear it like a Goli. Yeah. Harry Styles would have it on here, Taking you That's right. Springsteen, Venice Canal. Back, back pocket to, to wipe the working man's sweat off the working man brow. Whereas Harry Styles would wear it as like, where it's covering my pearls. I don't know what's happening. That's all. It's, you have to cover the pearls That you have to cover the pearls. But it's the same idea. That's right. Harry Styles in Spruce Springsteen. It's basically the same thing. The same. Okay. That's right. That's Right. If you know one, you know the other. Exactly. When I saw, I went to see Harry Styles, I was, took my daughter to, it wasn't outside Lands.

(22m 3s):
It was Coachella. It was Coachella and Harry Styles performed. And I saw him. And at one point he turned around and he had an H on one ass pocket and an s on the other And I thought, why didn't I think that I, can I tell you something? Yeah, I saw that. And the whole time I was thinking, who's SHI was reading it. And in Hebrew, That's the problem. And so I got, now listen, And I said Sally Hemmings, what, what are we looking at here I am. You know what the problem is? Why Is he Doing that? And also you had your tourist stick out. What is the name for that goddamn stick? I've Been, I think Tourist stick. Tourist stick. Goddamn touristic probably has the sound. Where's My goddamn tour stick.

(22m 44s):
But whenever I've gone to concerts with John, whenever there's any kind of reading, you know, if they put up anything on Sure. He always takes out where's Where Tour. He takes his tour stick out and he goes, he goes, right, left. Doesn't make any sense. These aren't even words. Why would he start? Yes. Why would he start with Born To Run? All True. No, no, no. John, that's the last song.

(23m 17s):
Some trips are better in an Airbnb, like the trip you want to take with extended family, where you wanna stay close, but you don't wanna all share that one bathroom. Yeah. You just did it recently. I just went to Lake Arrowhead and I stayed in a, a listing that was a guest favorite. And I loved it so much. I was like, I think I wanna buy a house in Lake Arrowhead. And I remembered. I don't have money to do that. Yeah. Yeah. So I, I, that changed. but I loved the Airbnb experience there so much that I was like, let's look at Real estate here. My wife, And I did an Airbnb on this island that is off of Washington. The coast of Washington. And. it was amazing. It was great. And. it was just such a nice experience. Yeah. Better than a hotel. Yeah. You know, don don't want someone miss you. Brian, would you like us to carry you to your toilet, please? Well, yes I would. I would like to be carried to my toilet, but occasionally I don't want to be asked that. Yeah. That's when I want to Airbnb. So yeah, whatever it is, Airbnb is the best place to be.

(24m 28s):
There's nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you. Check this out. That's nice. Whether you're going on a weekend getaway outta the mountains, or let's say you're on a dream vacation, or in my case, a work trip to Thailand. It's just fantastic. Let me explain. It starts the moment you take off with free in-flight wifi. So you can stream your favorite show on the go. I mean, that's incredible. That is actually pretty sweet. I love that. I mean, that's insane. I'm always there with my credit card, you know, can, can't figure it out. I lose the credit card. Yeah. The phone is stolen. Someone punches me. You start crying. I cry a lot when you land T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands and an upgrade to Hilton Honors Silver Plus you're covered with five gigabytes. Five gigabytes. That's more than four of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with the go 5G plus or next plans. These are just a few of the perks that feel like big wins when you travel with T-Mobile And. it, it's nice to stay connected to your family. I travel a lot, I do these travel shows. And if I'm filming another country, I know I can get to my family right away. Yeah. They usually don't wanna speak to me, but they have to. They screen your calls a lot, don't they? I suspect them of screening. Yes. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel today. Qualifying plan required wifi. Were available on select US Airlines registration and Hilton Honors membership required for Hilton Honored. Silver terms and conditions apply.

(26m 3s):
You know what I love? Sona. What football season? Hell yeah. Football season is here. All the rituals I get together with my buddies. My gang, my chose chose. I don't know what that is. Is that a word? Choses? I think it's chums and bros. Your choses. Oh yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Chums and bros are choses. Oh, okay. You heard it here first. Anyway, when we get together and we watch the game Friendly rivalries, I like my team. Oh yeah. I prefer mine. That kind of talk. Yeah. Football talk. But you know what's a big part of the ritual for me? Miller Light. Yep. Miller Lite knows the passion that comes with rooting for your team. Yeah. They get it. That's why Miller Light keeps it simple. Mm. Lemme explain please. Un debatable quality. Great taste. Only 96 calories. That's it. That's nothing. That's nothing. That's like a tic-tac only beer. It's the beer that's chips away everything you don't need and holds on to what matters most. Make your game time taste like Miller Time taste great. Less filling. Let it be both. Hmm. Okay. To get Miller Lite delivered right to your door. Hello. Visit miller lite.com/ Conan. Ding-dong Miller Lite here. Hey. Or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories per 12 ounces. Fewer cows and carbs than premium regular beer.

(27m 33s):
don, don't know about you. Again, I'm just trying to don don't often get an opportunity to, to talk to people who've We did the same job. Yeah. Yeah. My Vintage, but I guess one. The other thing that kind of fascinates me is, and again, I, I can't, I'm just wanna compare notes. I found the early years, I'm very happy, I'm thrilled with everything. but I found nineties and, and, and two thousands to be a time of constantly worrying. Right. Constantly fretting. Constantly. And even after The early, like, no, no, it took you a while to get that flow.

(28m 14s):
It Took forever. but I what, I guess I'm saying internally, I really like this period. Right. Do you know what I mean? Right. In terms of just how I feel. Right. I feel like a Security. I, well, I, I may maybe it's And I sometimes I think, you know, I say to my wife, I think I've acquired some kind of inner wisdom 'cause I'm much more at peace. And she says, she says, no, no. Actually, testosterone levels fall. And what you're feeling is a loss of testosterone, which by the way, is quite apparent in other areas of our life. And It's an evolutionary trick to get you to stop striving. Yeah. but I, what what they do is genetically they remove your ability. You're a neutered cat.

(28m 54s):
Yeah. Young man. Yeah. That's on a window sill. That's what, That's what I am Licking. Where your balls used to be, I know you are done. Give it up, you're done. So, no, There's something there. There's a scar. There's two little scars where they used to be. And if I rub them, I get some satisfaction. It's, it's fascinating to me because again, like my observation of your track is so different than how you Experienced it. Well, everyone things, I remember watching your show like the first week. I was like, oh, these dudes, they know what, not only do they know what they're doing, but they're like, I remember the clutch cargo shit and the o and like the absurdist comedy.

(29m 36s):
Right. And the guy, I was like, oh, they've d like right. By God, they've done it. Like I knew that there would be, you know, as you get used to productions and you're gonna be sanding, people don't realize that productions are functions of management prowess. That there's a sort of active management that you have to postmortem. Like you're a comedy show with the masturbating bear, like the bear masturbates. And then afterwards you're like, so what Did you guys think, like, there's, there's that part at the end. Like, how did he feel? Not only that when he was batting at his diaper, you, you got No, you don't, you it's gotta be in a two shot that Right. Because you need To see. That's right. Yep. That's exactly right. You know what's so funny is my favorite part of, of when you're doing it for a while and then is yes, there are the years where you're taking it so seriously and everything is life And.

(30m 23s):
it really does feel like the bear. It's one of the reasons, like, I watch the Bear great comedy, but I, but I Watch the Bear. And I'm just Fantastic. I I watch it. And I, And I. Sometimes I think this is too much tension and I've experienced a lot of that in my life. Right. And I. Just wanna watch selling the oc Yeah. Something that doesn't have that. Well, You're watching, you know, I, I imagine what you liken to is a creative pursuit where there is a certain maniacal desire for brilliance or excellence or whatever the comedic equivalent of a Michelin star is. Right. That you hold yourself to that standard. Right. And ultimately you end up in a freezer telling your beloved, you're gonna die alone and get the fuck out.

(31m 8s):
Like that's, you know, and, and, and that's a painful thing to watch because it is, it is analogous to that pursuit. I can remember, you know, I, I did a show that was more of a talk show on MTV And, then we went to Paramount and we knew probably a month And I was supposed to be the Arsenio replacement. And you can imagine people have, I've always thought of you as Arsenio. Exactly. So you can imagine that people who had been, you know, sort of trained on that audience, I would pop up and they'd go, mm, no. Right. We're gonna say no. Yeah. So we knew, I knew like a month into it, this is fucking, we're gonna go down when it happens. I don't know And I had that same, the bear mentality of, but I'm doing a silly show.

(31m 48s):
So there was one night, and booking was really hard because it was syndication. So we'd appear at 3:00 AM in Atlanta, but 7:00 PM in Phoenix. It was just all over the place. And we would be there till one o'clock in the morning every night trying to squeeze every last bit of the Willy Wonka parody that we thought we were gonna do. But can we really even afford the hat? If he doesn't have the hat? Is he really Willy Wong? Like that kinda shit. And in our exhaustion and in our frenetic energy and in our desire to save it and be great, one day we were all in my office, Stevie Higgins was in there. He was the head writer and the door opens and it's the booker.

(32m 29s):
And he looks in with a look on his face of that look that maybe doctors had two weeks into the pandemic. Right. And he goes, Hal Linden said no. And we all went, what? Barney Barney Miller is not gonna do the show. Right. And it was then that I realized like, oh, I think I'm going to jump off a building because Yeah. I'm my emotional wellbeing Yes. Is now wrapped up into whether an actor that nobody had seen probably in a, it was like Herschel Bernardy. He had done circus of the, he was the, he he had done, he was the headmaster on Circus of the Stars. Right. In 1980. Oh. So he was still quite relevant. He Was still quite relevant. But it was 19 Years later how Herschel Bernardy wants to see a script.

(33m 14s):
Yeah. And he wants to approve it. And you're like, yep. But, it was the, your whole wellbeing Right. Was tied up in these unbelievably trivial moments. Right. That didn't matter. Even five feet outside of that door. Right. But the other thing too is it was your case, And, it was my case too, where I used to live and die by what our rating was. And, it would come out on a Thursday. Right. And, I would all day Wednesday, the tension would be rising. And then I would go home, not sleep Wednesday night. Oh wow. And I would come in Thursday and take the elevator up. And this is back when I was on, you know, three month contracts and they're sinking.

(33m 58s):
We've got a replacement ready for Conan. We just, he isn't quite ready yet, but we'll get rid of him soon. And I take the elevator up. And I would come in. And I would walk to my producer's office. Like I was going to the gas chamber. Yeah. Yeah. you get these cra Like, and And I remember is if the number was a a two or above two point a 2.0, it was great. If it was a one nine, it was bad. And what I didn't realize, by The way, a 2.0 now is like a hit sitcom on a network. Well, that this was at eight o'clock. This Was at 1235 at night. Right. But, but you Know what? It's an amazing Number. but you know what I found out, you know, what I found out was this was, that was the demo.

(34m 39s):
But what I remembered was the demo, if it was a 2.0, it was like hallelujah. We made it at 1.9. And then I found out much later on that the sample size, because it's a Nielsen rating for that, is literally like, there's six people. If one of them has a head cold And Turns in, takes some NyQuil and turns in early. Yeah. Yeah. You had a bat. You disappointed America that week. And if it's so, and if, and if one person didn't have a head cold and, and watched it and, and all six people watched it, you were a hero. And I always instinctively knew that, that I'm living and dying by this infinitesimal shit that's called, I think being young, you're just, you know, you're in your late twenties, thirties, you know, and then into the forties and, and then just, just Perspective.

(35m 30s):
It takes this erosion of, I've been disappointed and scared so much that I have none of that juice left anymore. Right. I re I can tell you, I remember the moment that that changed for me. And. it was, was It getting this podcast, this booking? It was, it was coming in here and reading this and realizing that you don't consider us friends yet. No, we aren't. But this is a future Yep. Desire. Yeah. We'll see John, I'll let you know. I was about to read this in the past. You bastard. I was, we knew this fucking thing was dead.

(36m 11s):
Yep. Like you could just see it and you could tell two weeks into it. And now I'm still thinking like, This is the John Stewart show. The this is Yes. It was on MTV. They loved it. Right. Because it was Beavis and Butthead. It was written for seven year olds. So, you know, it was huge success. 8-year-old Success. Four 7-year-old. Yeah. Right. We go to Paramount and people were like, I have no idea what the fuck this is. Like two weeks into it. We do a bit. I thought it would be funny if we have David tell one of our writers at the time dress up as Hitler and come out like he's a guest on the show. Like, Hey, you know, everybody wonder what happened to Hitler. Yeah. Oh, I think you brought a clip and it's him at Nuremberg going E flies. So I don't think anything of it, but I think, oh, and we're laughing our balls off. 'cause every idea you come up with Sure.

(36m 52s):
Yeah. Is two o'clock in the morning. Yep. And you think it's hilarious, right? Because you're sleep divine in the way that Stalin would torture people. Like it's two in the morning. And so they're like, what if, what if Taylor was Hitler? And I'm like, love it. Let's have him come out holding a bagel with a smear going, don don't know what I was so afraid of. These are delicious. He's a good boom. I'm gonna kill. He comes out, ladies and gentlemen, our next guest. It's not on the docket. It's not like you have it. Like, you know, we had somebody from Beverly Hills 9 0 2 1 Oh not the lead, but like somebody who was just sitting at the Peach Pit. Like, not even. Yeah, yeah. You know, we couldn't get guests, So not Wait, so not, not Joe Tata. No. Whatever it is. Sorry. Come on. How Did you remember that name?

(37m 32s):
And you know what I is that really a person? Joey tda. It was the actor who ran the, it was the guy that ran the peach bar. Oh. Ran And, I I. don even know that. Can I say something? I can't think of my son's name right now, but I know Joey iata. Joey Tata. We love you, man. If he's still alive, I'll eat my hat. Beo I know that one. That is amazing. So we don't like it. It's, you know, we've got nothing. This isn't planned. Yeah. Yeah. So first guest of the night, we do the monologue, do the whole thing. And at that time it's all oj you know, it's all Yeah. Yeah. You know. Okay. Ladies and gentlemen, first guest, very surprising. Nobody's heard from him for many, many years. We are just so Honored that he chose to do this show. First, ladies and gentlemen, Adolf Hitler.

(38m 15s):
Yeah. ael walks out in full Nazi regalia. Yeah. And he is doing this. Yeah. And he's got the mustache and he is holding a bagel. Sure. And what I didn't realize is the crowd would rightfully boo the shit out of him. Yeah. It's Hitler. Yeah. Yeah. The whole thing devolves I see in the control room, there's an immediate break. The stage manager comes out and goes, they need to see you in the control room. I go to the control room. We're filming on 26th Street in New York. Yeah. Paramount, our syndicator they're watching Yeah. From a lot in Los Angeles. Sure. The phone rings.

(38m 54s):
It's just one guy. And he goes, that will never see the light of day. That will never air you'll never do that again. I actually turned it into an episode when I was writing for Sanders. Right. We turned it into an episode, Adolf Henkler, where I had on the Wu-Tang Clan. Yeah. And, and Adolf Henkler and Rip Torn had to come in and go that No, no, we're not, we're not doing anything. They called me immediately. I was two weeks into a show and we're already putting reruns on. Yeah. So we knew this thing's going down. but I had your experience of like, this is my shot. Like this is it.

(39m 34s):
My name is on this, this is right. This is a manifestation of who I am as an artist, as a person. If it gets rejected. I am rejected. I wasn't sleeping. I was really miserable. I was drinking like a motherfucker, like all those different things. And one night in my insomnia at three o'clock in the morning, four o'clock in the morning, I just remember thinking, you're gonna have had your own talk show with your name on it, where you could do whatever you wanted. Right. Other than dress up David Tellis Hitler. Right. And people are gonna say, Did, you enjoy it. And I would have to say, I hated it. And I think it nearly destroyed me.

(40m 17s):
And what a dumb fucking response. Yeah. Yeah. And that morning I got up and was like, I'm gonna enjoy the shit out of this. Yeah. And, I don't care anymore. Yeah. And, it was revelatory And. it, it, it was such a, I felt it physically like that relief. Now the blow of the story is they canceled their British thereafter, but I had the revelation and the story should have been like And I learned to enjoy it. And the show. So, and the ratings Conan. Oh, the ratings. You wouldn't believe I, I was literally shitting money. It was amazing. It's like you're Scrooge. Yes. And you woke up, boy, what day is it?

(40m 56s):
And you're shouting out the window and people are like, fuck you. Where's the cranky old man? We like him. What, boy, what Day is it? It's your eviction day. Yeah. You're even Get out. So, but that Yeah, that's, yeah. But, it was the lesson Yeah. Of my career. And it, it tied into the sort of flip side of that was when I got Letterman a couple of years prior, which had been my sole goal for, you know, five or six years of, of working in the clothes, And I. Remember going back to my apartment And, it was still like a hole in the floor. And. it was still one room. And I wasn't any taller. And so that, you know, know that sort of, that summit, that Everest that had occurred by going on Letterman, I was still the same dude.

(41m 40s):
And when I got canceled, I remember thinking, but I'm not any shorter. Yeah. And I don't live in a smaller And, I still have the one thing that they can't take away, which is a desire to write jokes. Yeah. And, and that's how I think I was able to, when the Daily Show came, work hard, but not make myself insane. Yeah. I, I think I, I think the saving grace for me was always, I was very nervous. Self-loathing, you know? That's so crazy. All the, I view you so differently. That's so Crazy. All, all the bullshit. But when we were doing the show Yeah.

(42m 20s):
And Max Weinberg and the Max Weinberg seven are playing and we're doing this comedy that I loved. And working with Smigel and working with all these great people, I loved that part. I always loved that part. I loved an audience. I loved And I remembered thinking, if this only lasts six weeks, I got to do it for six weeks. So I remember that it was the show, it was the doing of the show that saved me. Right. Because the doing of it brought me joy. And also, you can't do these shows unless you are in the moment present. Right. And, and taking it beat to beat. If you're doing comedy on stage, it got you outta your head.

(42m 60s):
It got me outta my head because now it's just time to go. It was all the rest of it that I found Right. To be agonizing. But Could anyone help you through that? Like, I imagine somebody like Lorne, who really has been through that experience of show business and ups and downs Yeah. And had a longevity in that. Is that something you were able to share with him in any way? Or was that Oh, he Knew. I think the thing about Lorne and got, you know, Lauren, no one would know me if it weren't for, I think I would've made a name as a You had already made a name. No, no, no, no, no. Already. No, no. but I think if Lauren hadn't chosen me, you know, for that job, I think I would've probably through various crimes, have made a name for myself.

(43m 41s):
Oh yeah. Pacific Northwest roaming. And then eventually, is that Conan O'Brien fighting in the Ukraine? What is he doing? Is he on the front lines in Kiv? Look at that Hair. but I think So tall. What a target. They can't seem to hit him. The Wendy, a nine foot Wendy's girl, he's in Car IV and no one seems to hit him. Amazing. But I, you know, Lauren has an interesting thing, which is he totally put me on the map. And I owe my career to him. And I love him to death. But he has not. And and he would probably admit this too. He, his, he's a throw you in the deep end and, and, and watch you figure it out kind of guy.

(44m 24s):
Right. And, and in a way I respect it because it works. But he's not a hand holder. He's not someone who's going to, you know, I know. They, they, they tore you up. You know, And, I I know that you were critic coded I know that you were destroyed. And you know, I know that article came out. I mean, he used to sometimes tell me about articles that I couldn't possibly have read. He'd say like, you know, I think what the Cincinnati Post-Dispatch register said in their, in their supermarket handout was unfair. I think, I think someone will eventually want to mate with you. You know? I mean, he would say, sh you know, and I'd be like, what? I didn't know about, oh, no, no, no. But then he'd sue, he'd do that. But then he'd say, but listen, he did have an institutional knowledge.

(45m 7s):
And he said, right, you're likable and you've, you've got a good quality, vulnerable quality, and it'll, all I wanted to hear is your weird comedy is so cool. That's not what Lauren was saying. I think he even here early on found it off putting and fucking crazy. That's wild. But, but he did say like, you're polite. You're polite and your your goodness comes through and that will see you through. And I'll be like, what? You are well-mannered boy. Yeah. No, but I mean seriously. I think. Have You thought about wearing ox and playing into the Well-mannered Boy archetype? He did tell me a couple of, I think he did an interview a couple of years into the late night show, and it's going really well. And he said, I thought like, well, we're, we're doing such cutting edge comedy.

(45m 49s):
I bet that's why Lauren, you know, and he said, no, no, no, I, I chose Conan because, you know, he has good manners. And I thought, fuck. But I, I could, later on I could see one of the points, or not, it's not a point, but a mission that I've had on this podcast that it was not something I set out to do. But the more and more I talk to people like yourself, and I'm lucky enough to get to share these experiences, I like to just be honest with people about how things feel. Sure. And I do think Envy's such a big part of our culture and we are two of the luckiest people on the face of the planet. And. I feel that every day. And I know, I wake up every day and go, I've just had an absurd amount of luck.

(46m 30s):
And I give it up to luck and I know that I've worked hard and have some ability. but I luck is, I, I give it up in 90% luck. but I also want people who are listening, especially young people to know that often Be polite When Yeah. Be polite. Yeah. Matters. It's all The only way to get a talk show. Yeah. You can be so fucking unfunny and have such an off-putting quo on your head. But no, I I do try to remind people that you can be doing worthwhile work even when you feel terrible. Sure. And that everybody, I mean, we've subsequently been able to meet everybody we wanted to meet.

(47m 10s):
Absolutely. Who influenced us and talk to them and talk to them at length. And all of them have the same story. Yeah. I think Eric Idol was here like yesterday or two days ago. And I talked to him. Yeah. The is still very British. Yeah. I can feel it. I feel a certain bloated past as I sit here. Is it imperial? Is it a It feels that way. Ha. Has there been a twit sitting in my chair Feel? Has there been a colonizing twit in this chair? So no. But he name anyone who you idolize on President and company excluded me. Yes. They will take you through a tale of yes.

(47m 53s):
Of darkness, woe and insecurity. And. I. Just like to tell people Yeah, that's what it is. I'm sorry. If you're in comedy, you're always I think potentially 20 minutes away from bombing. It's just the way it is. And I always think about this in, when someone says, I'm doing a benefit, you can come out and And, I always think, well, okay, but I gotta really think about. And they go like, no you don't. It just, it's a benefit. No, people have already paid the money and they just wanna know the name and that you're gonna be there. And, I, think no, no, no. It has to be good because when it doesn't, I don't care if if when I'm 90, if you go out there And, it doesn't feel right. And, it doesn't go well. It feels worse.

(48m 34s):
Anything I can ever felt in My life where you feel like you've gone out there and they're there to cure, like, we're here to prevent cancer and you are eating it. And like they're just like, you know, it wasn't bad enough that cancer is ravaging our community. But now but now your set is quite frankly. Yeah. Giving trite, trite And giving us cancer. We're finding, we're finding what you're doing trite. Like bombing at a benefit. Like Yeah. Yeah. There's almost an instinct at the end of it with like, folks don don't have to be here. You know? Yeah. I don, we're trying to raise some money here. You could be a little less judgmental. I'm not bringing out my best stuff. Hey, you don't want a children's hospital.

(49m 15s):
You don't have to have a children's hospital. It is what it is. Yeah. That grind on it is a, is a newer phenomenon. What's that? Say That part again. The the, the idea of grinding on it. That sort of sense of striving and kind of neuroses I think was a newer kind of, it was a strange new manifestation in show business that didn't, like Johnny was the guy who used to do these. And he'd be like, I show up at four 30 for rehearsal and at 4 45 I'm scheduled for my first blowjob. I go back, I have my first blowjob. Yeah. Then I play cards with Ed.

(49m 55s):
We have a couple of drinks, we tape at six and then I go home to the blowjob factory that I live in. Like there was no, until Dave came along. It's a Blowjob factory. Do they manufacture people there that give blowjobs? That's a great question. Or do they, do you get the blowjobs at the blowjob factory Conan? It's, it's the most common question that I get about the blow blowjob factory. Now first of all, I wanna say this. Do I go there to obtain someone who will give the blowjob or gets a blowjob? And I I on an assembly line. And I. Don't disagree that it's somewhat confusing. I will also say this, globalization devastated our blowjob factories. You know what devastated them.

(50m 37s):
And now it's all outsourced. All outsourced. They're killing us in China. They're eating our lunch, They're eating our blow. You eat something else, it's Sony. Are you gonna be okay? Sona, you And I have discussed at length How This country is bleeding blowjob factories. You know when, And you are suddenly shocked When Biden said Blow jack blowjob back better. I said, the alliteration still works, Said, this man needs to step out of the race. Or He could have said, build back blowjob. Either way it works. Any word can be replaced by blowjob. Build Blowjob better. I don't know. Whatever it is, it is. There's A sticker being made right now.

(51m 17s):
I hope so. A bumper Sticker. It better be, It probably already exists. But He really, Dave changed the nature of almost the personalities of the people that took those jobs. That's interesting. Because he worked, it's interesting 'cause Johnny Carson, we only knew him. He goes on the air around the time we're born. Right. And then don don't come into consciousness full conscious until my thirties, but I. but I come into, when I'm seeing Johnny, he's literally, and watching my dad laugh at Johnny. It's the early Johnny's at that point, 11, 12, 13 years in. Right. And it's set. So he may have had that period in the early sixties.

(52m 0s):
You know what I mean? He may have had his period of, we just didn't see it. He was so established. He was the only game in town. But the Pace was so different. If you watch those shows, like what we had to try and do every night is put on a circus like it was, you like this entertainment? How about this entertainment? How about I'll do this. His was an hour and a half, told a few lovely jokes. It was the very idea that these celebrities that you had never experienced in a kind of less formal setting. Right. It's Richard Burton. Right. Sitting there talking, telling A story, right. And, it's charming in and of its own. Right. And by the time we got along, there's 10 of 'em. Yep. And everybody's gotta turn that, like, oh, you wanna hear the record at 33?

(52m 42s):
How about at 78? Right. And everybody's running as fast as they fucking can. but you know what, I've been talking about this for a while. Yeah. Which is comedy and entertainment in general keeps getting more and more and more and more compressed to the point where things get faster and faster and faster. So you can watch, just bear with me here, but you start with like Steve Allen in the fifties, and then you get to Jack Parr, and then you get to Johnny Carson. What you're seeing is things are speeding up and going faster and faster and faster. Then you get to Dave. And that's feeling fast. But we look at those now, you look at a David Letterman from 1983. Right. And sometimes you, you know, it, it's, it was at the time as we were seeing it revelatory and spectacular And, it still is. But now it looks, huh.

(53m 25s):
This is really going kind of slowly. Right. Then the pace picks up some more, then more, then more, then more. And to the point where I think it's, I notice that every time I watch something on HBO or Netflix or anything, they always, they, they never tell a story in a line. Yeah. The story starts with the murder Mm. Then cuts back to the beginning of the story when they're showing up, but then cuts back to the police showing up because they don't trust you No. To Sit still. And they shouldn't. No, No, no. And they can trust me, I know what They're And. it All started with Pulp Fiction. Yeah. I remember when you watched Pulp Fiction, you were like, this is, but the storytelling is not even linear. don don't know what's happening here. This isn't Fair. Right. And now you can't watch like a cartoon on Nickelodeon that isn't like flashback.

(54m 8s):
Yeah, yeah. No, no. We did. I have, I'm shocked. I'm I when I watch most anything and I'm, I'm, I say it's gone beyond comedy, but of course it's in comedy. Everywhere is, it's just, you know, It's all on that molecular level. It's a DD Yeah. Think about on the internet, you know, you had, and this was years ago, And, I, it's not around now. But. it sort of informed some of it, which was Vine. And Vine was basically six seconds, give me your best six seconds. And it trained people in sort of that, the atomic nature. It's like the ma you're seeing the matrix of entertainment or comedy where it, it's at its most fundamental building block.

(54m 51s):
Yeah. And then there were people, and you watch it And, I'm always amazed now, like you'll go on an app of TikTok or Instagram, the level of creativity within a compressed timeframe or of, you know, an event that occurs. And then the next two hours are this explosion of neural energy and content creation that takes that con My favorite recent one was, you know Donald Trump at the debate, you know, they're eating dogs. Yeah. They're eating people's pets. Well, five minutes after that, I'm on the thing and it's that audio with inner, I suppose with pets looking scared. Yeah. But the gr the gr And I was just like, this is the greatest.

(55m 33s):
Yeah. It's now at a molecular level. It's functioning in, in quantum comedy world. It's also one of the things, you know, the internet giveth and taketh away. Well, that's for sure. There's the, there's the pluses, there's the minuses. But one of the things I think has been great is it's been, it's, it's the it democratization of comedy in a way. Right? Because you, me, you know, Colbert, John Oliver, you get everybody together and they're all thinking of the best idea they can possibly think of with their big teams. But the funniest person, the one who comes up with the best thing is probably in a basement in Iowa and they shoot the thing that, and it's Already out there And And, it's, and by the way, it's out there seven seconds after the event Happened.

(56m 18s):
We are the insurance companies Yeah. Of comedy. Now we are the, you know, the guys in leisure suits who are like, we're in some ways the infrastructure of show business. Like there is no more wasteful business than show. I mean, I think we can all agree with that, which is why I think we need to save the planet. And I vow. I would say the blowjob factory is, you could argue, is the most wasteful business of all. Oh, because what is We don't even know what it does. Wait, you don't know what it does. We don't know. Does it until the end put that outsource You've been leaving too quickly. That's the problem. No, you gotta stay with it.

(56m 59s):
Oh, obviously very quickly. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, no, no, no, no. I always, it takes minutes for it. What minutes? Well, not for me. I'm efficient. I have a ruthless efficiency when I orgasm. Come I out. Come on, man. What do you mean? Come on man. I know. You've heard the stories. You've been around.

(57m 30s):
Hey Sona, I have a question. Yeah. You're craving a snack. That's cool. Creamy. Chewy. Satisfying and indulgent. I like always. Yeah, that's what I thought. Then you have got not maybe got to try the number one mochi ice cream in the USA. It's called My Mochi. My mochi is premium ice cream wrapped in a sweet dough With. each bite you get the perfect combination of texture and flavor that is sure to satisfy choose from flavors, including strawberry, mango, double chocolate, and cookies and cream. Which is your favorite Cookies and cream all day? Oh, I like strawberry And. I like mango. Every flavor offers a unique taste experience. There's something for everybody to enjoy. Each box listen carefully has six perfectly portioned mochis and there's only around 90 calories per piece. Plus my mochi is gluten free as well. It's a great on-the-Go snack with no spoon required. Just grab a piece and enjoy the deliciousness wherever you are. My mochi makes the perfect midday or after dinner treat. Feel joyfully chill with every bite of my mochi ice cream. Find my mochi ice cream at Target. Or visit my mochi.com. That's my MOCH i.com to locate a store near you.

(58m 56s):
Some trips are better in an Airbnb, like the trip you want to take with extended family, where you wanna stay close, but you don't wanna all share that one bathroom. Yeah. You just did it recently. I just Went to Lake Arrowhead and I stayed in a, a listing that was a guest favorite. And I loved it so much. I was like, I think I wanna buy a house in Lake Arrowhead. And I remembered. I don't have money to do that. Yeah, yeah. So I, I that changed. but I I loved the Airbnb experience there so much that I was like, let's look at real estate here. My wife, And I did an Airbnb on this island that is off of Washington. The coast of Washington. And. it was amazing. It was great And. it was just such a nice experience. Yeah. Better than a hotel. Yeah. You know, I don't want someone, Mr. Brian, would you like us to carry you to your toilet, please? Well, yes I would. I would like to be carried to my toilet, but occasionally I don't want to be asked that. Yeah. That's when I want to Airbnb. So yeah, whatever it is, a Airbnb is the best place to be.

(1h 0m 5s):
Hey, NFL fans. You can start the season with a big return on FanDuel America's number one sports book. So when you get a hunch in the middle of the game, you can check out the latest stats view, live, play by play, and so much more on the same page where you placed your bets. You'll get started with $200 in bonus bets guaranteed. When you place your first $5 bet. Just makes things more fun. It does. Hey bla, you're, you're on FanDuel all the time, huh? You Know it, I'm a Detroit Lions guy all the way. Well, you don't have to tell us specifically who you're rooting for. I'm just saying the silver, The silver and blue of their uniforms. I love it. And I. Love that team. That's Why you wrote for Teams is the colors of their uniforms. It's Not 'cause you're from Michigan. Well, I'm, I'm from Michigan, which is why I root for the Alliance. but I'm just saying they're also looking At, oh, I thought you just randomly chose the best uniform But. anyway, isn't it true that if you've got a bet on FanDuel, it kind of has the excitement. It does. It Adds stakes. It adds excitement, drama, all of it. It's great. Yeah. Incredible. Yeah. That's fanduel.com/ Conan Never wastes a hunch and make every moment more with FanDuel, an official sportsbook partner of the NFL 18 plus in present in DC First online Real Money wager only $5 first deposit required bonus issued as non bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem call or text 1-800-GAMBLER 1 804 2 6 2 5 3 7.

(1h 1m 32s):
You know that, that infrastructure and all those things and what they're showing is it's the difference between sort of entertainment is there was this legacy business and you're seeing it change now as Silicon Valley comes in. Yep. The ethos of legacy, you know, entertainment is we've created this incredibly eccentric business where like, and you need an agent and a manager and a lawyer, and they're gonna take about 60% of what you pay. But without them, there's nothing you can do. Right. And you join the studio and the studio will give you a deal and you'll sit in your room. Right. It's the most inefficient way Silicon Valley walked in, like in the way that Elon Musk walked into Twitter and went like, how many people work here? 10,000 make it two. Right.

(1h 2m 12s):
That's so now that Apple and Amazon, they go in and they go writer's room. Wait, you've got 14 writers and they're with you from start to finish on the production. Well, it's important for the writers to be invested and then also we're showing them how they're on the page because it's different about the page to the screen. They've gotta understand how that works and understand how we interact with the props. And like, they can have three weeks and it's gotta be on Zoom. Yeah. And you can have four of them. Right. They're changing us from an analog business to a digital business. And, I think that's the schism, the earthquake that's been going through it. I can't function like that. Yeah. Like my writer, it's like, what?

(1h 2m 53s):
You know. Well Also it's not, it's, it's a, it's across the business. Many comedy writers, my vintage or younger have trouble getting work now. Right. These companies Don't, it's changing radically. It's changing. They Don't believe in institutional knowledge. Right. That, that allows people to grow and get better and, and create more. What they believe now is the au tour system, which has always sort of existed within film and tv. And then this idea of ruthlessly efficient content factories where, what matters is the real estate and not the individual creative. I, I think the problem, if I had to guess, would be that you can't, you can't explain what happens in a writer's room to anybody who hasn't been in one and Imagined a coffee clot with a lot of Holocaust jokes.

(1h 3m 46s):
Yeah. But, well, you know, I remember that's a writer's room. I remember, I remember on when I was on The Simpsons Yeah. And. it was ear, you know, fairly early days on The Simpsons. There was a lot of excitement. And a, a German film company came that this, this documentary film crew came from Germany and the director wanted to, he wanted to capture the Simpsons writing room and actions. So I'm sitting there with Schwartz welder and Jeff Martin. Right. Myers and just the legends, all these amazing people. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sitting in this room and this, they set up these cameras and the guy was there and he had like the lens around his neck and he's watching us and what he saw was a bunch of guys saying, All.

(1h 4m 26s):
right. Well we need them. And to the scene And it should be. And then it would be, you know, Al Jean would be like, we really need, should probably be Marge that takes us out and, and be like, okay. And then there'd be this and John Viti would go, what if No and long silences and the guy and you could hear the equipment. And then at one point the guy just went, can something happen? And I'm like, this is, this is writing. And there's a famous story of, I think it's Harry Warner or something. Walked past the writers', the area on the lot, and you didn't hear typewriters going. And he was like, I better hear typewriters.

(1h 5m 6s):
'cause those guys are getting paid. Well, a lot of writing is sitting and thinking and agonizing and eating a donut. And then there's this process. People don't Realize too that the idea, like you're diagramming stories, like in some ways it looks like a math problem. Yeah. Like you are creating these kinds of tranches of a, b and C storylines. Right. And drawing lines and creating arcs And. it really is a little bit of like a beautiful mind craziness. Like you look at it and go, none of this seems to, but everybody's, you, you're putting the Jenga pieces together. Yeah. And then in the edit later, the mistakes that you made with your original instinct can get corrected or shaved. You know, what was the biggest change for me in content creation was the invention of the avid when we stopped editing on those in the online rooms where like, if you fucked up, you had to go back to the beginning and you could start to manipulate things digitally in space.

(1h 6m 2s):
It was, it was revelatory. Right. Because it was how more your mind works, your, the the technology of it had not caught up with the way that you spatially kind of see structure or plot or character or those things when you had a tool that would allow you to work more in sync with, with how you think. Right. I, that was, 'cause in the early days at MTV I can remember we would do these bits, you know, these parodies and like get the little razor and cut, cut the thing and put it through and tape it up and run it through again. Like it was, You feel like Charlie Chaplin on the set of the Gold rush. Yeah. It was. We'll we were, we saw that transition.

(1h 6m 42s):
I've always liked working with young people a 'cause I'm a creep. Right. You don't have to pay them. They're still in school. They'll work for credit. Oh, this will help me. But no, there's like a, I'm very delighted by when, when I see young comedic talent that really makes me laugh. Yeah. I feel better. There's this, I guess there's this cliche that people in our stage are supposed to be looking at, you know, young comedians and going, I don't think that's funny. Why am my day? And I've never felt that way. I've mostly, I feel like shit. Like I, the other night at the, you know, Emmy's, one of the, the Emmy's parties I ran into the, the writers that do hacks, And I just stopped and said, you're doing such superb work.

(1h 7m 29s):
Yeah. Yeah. And you started out with a great show. And then the other seasons are each one's better than the previous one. I don't know how you're doing it, but I left feeling energized and better about things because I'm always happy when young people are killing it because I think, oh, I think civilization's gonna be okay. And I'm putting that all on the p the writers at Hacks I Don think they But it, it reminds me of sort of the way that they look at athletics. Like when people go, you can't compare the football players of today to the Legends. And you're like, right. The football players of today, like mediocre ones would blow their fucking doors off. Yeah. Yeah. Like, yeah, Dick Buck was great. These guys are running a 3, 2 40. Like, he wouldn't have a, he wouldn't even know Right. That they had gone past him.

(1h 8m 10s):
And, I, look at that sometimes with the content now that's being created by those young comics and all that. And I'm just like, they've leveled us up. Yeah. Like they really have like Yeah. They're, you know, people like to talk about, oh, back in the old days, we really, you know, that that comedy was great and you're like, well it was kind of flatfooted and racist, but other than that you are Right. Right. Right. No, I'm, I'm always impressed by, and especially like in the standup world, like the level that young comics come into it. Yeah. Like, it, it's one of those things like I see as my kids went through the college process, I was like, oh, I wouldn't be able to get into college today. Oh. Like, totally feel the same way. It makes me feel that way about the comedy clubs. Like, oh, I would have to end up really being a bouncer.

(1h 8m 53s):
I Am. Yeah. This, oh, you'd be a great bouncer. You better leave. What are you gonna do about it? Nobody Expects for you to hit them. Nobody expects for you to hit them low. Nobody expects that. You go right at the knee. I think, you know what, I would love a comedy club where you And, I are the bouncers. There are different sizes and both equally ineffectual. I'll you, I'll hit you high and you won't feel it and I'll hit you low and you won't feel it. Who are the bouncers? It's random. They'll Take care of it. No problem. You know, it's funny, I've had this experience now where, as I said, this all started out with me talking about there are those early years where I often think, I honestly don't know why I did any of the things I did.

(1h 9m 42s):
I think it was all compulsion. Like, don don't come from a world. Right. I, I, I came, my parents had nothing to do with show business. I don't come from a show business world. Right. I went into an environment that was supposed to be the opposite of all that And I, like a salmon swimming upstream. I don't, I don't understand why I did made most of the decisions I made. There was some sort of compulsive thing that was pushing me into, I think there's this thing I'm supposed to do and I've got to get there. I've got to get there. Right. And so you go through that period and then you get, here we are all these years later and my overwhelming feeling and I know gratitude is a word that's thrown around a lot. Right. And it's become cliched.

(1h 10m 23s):
I'm incredibly grateful. But the other feeling I have is I am, and I've had this feeling too, every, occasionally you must have this where I'll run into someone that graduated from college the same year I did And I didn't know them, but they'll say, oh, you know, Conan, And I, I graduated in in 85. Like, and, and And I am filled with this one thought, which is, hey, we're alive is right. I mean, that's my overwhelming feeling is right. I'm sorry I didn't get to know you on campus. I can't believe we both went for four years and didn't know each other. But that happens all the time in at these schools. But the other one is just like, we're still here. Right. There's a lot of people who aren't. And I'm just happy about that And, I contrast that guy who I am now with the guy in 1993 who feels like someone's got a gun in his mouth.

(1h 11m 7s):
Right. You know what I mean? Like, but The weird thing is, it, it may be just as you said, which is if you hadn't had felt that way Yeah. You wouldn't have pushed yourself to get to that other side of gratitude. Yeah. That it wouldn't have been Yeah. And I think Compulsion is a really apt description of, I think for me, I don't know if it was compulsion as much as there was a little bit of like Richard Dreyfuss building the potato No, exactly. Tower. That's what I'm talking about. Not sure in et. Yeah. Right. It wasn't et it was Oh, I'm sorry. Close encounters. Yeah. Yeah. No, he also does it in ET and Oh, He does it everywhere. Every movie in Jaws, remember in Jaws, he builds the tower of mashed potatoes Also.

(1h 11m 52s):
Mary Pops, we're Gonna need, we're gonna need a bigger plate. That's what he, that's what they say. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It happens in a lot of movies. But anyway. Always, always Dreyfus, always potatoes, always Devil's Tower. Constantly Covering from my blunders. No one knows why. but I remember I know exactly what you're talking about. Go ahead. Go ahead. This idea that I was vibrating on a frequency that didn't match my life, it didn't match. And the first place that it began to match it is I worked at this punk club in Trenton called City Gardens. And it's sort of this legendary punk club. There's a great movie written about a called Riot on the dance floor is about the, there was a little guy who was a postmaster during the day named Randy now who booked all these bands like Bad Brains and Black Flag and all these tremendous bands.

(1h 12m 40s):
And I was outta college. And I didn't know what the fuck to do with myself. And I found this punk club with all the music that I loved and all these incredible artists that would never come to Trenton, New Jersey. Like they'd go to Philly, they'd go to New York, and on their way they would end up in this shit hole neighborhood in Trenton. And working there and feeling that creative energy, I was like, these people are vibrating on that frequency. I don't, I can't follow that road because I don't feel that, but I'm gonna find it. Yeah. And that was your version of it. My version of it. Yeah. Yeah. And that was moving to New York. So working at City Gardens is what propelled me to just sell my shit and move to New York in pursuit of, I didn't even really know what Yeah.

(1h 13m 23s):
I, I But it felt like it had to be something creative and collaborative and something, It's so funny that the, it's a great analogy to the making the mashed potato mountain because NET but also, but also in Hollands, Mr. Hollands, thank you. Sean's Opus and Dead poet and also in Dead Poet Society, But. anyway, when each Of his students came in And, And tasted the mountain, each one, oh, Mr. Holland, how old Miss your potatoes? But if I look at me, and again, this is, I'm just some sort of garbled I know I have some wisdom to pass on.

(1h 14m 9s):
I just don't know that I have the eloquence to pass it on on. but I, you're doing it. I didn't know. And you didn't know. We didn't know exactly what it is we were supposed to be doing, but there was something that was making, pushing us in these different directions. Right. And I knew when I was around that energy for the first time in college in the Lampoon, like, what is this? I don't know what this is, But it, but And I thought maybe it's second. I gotta go to Second City. but I wrote them a letter. They wrote me back. I, I I do Improvisational actors. Dear, I've got an emotion for you. It's called Wanderlust. Yeah. Seriously. I wrote them a letter.

(1h 14m 50s):
'cause I, I thought I was writing to a bank. I think I told that to Tina Fey. And they just laugh at me like, no, no, no, you go to Second City and you and Oh, I wrote them a letter. Didn't seem to work out. Would you Have any interest in a young Irish boy? Yeah. Oh, you'll see. There's big things coming from me. But so much of what I did, I didn't understand at the time, but I knew I had to do it. And that's where I'm in doing improv and meeting all these people who are 10 years away from being super famous and we're just putting money in a jar. And, I. Don't know why I am doing this. And I can't explain it to anybody. But. it feels it's like a fever. It's just a fever that you have. Yes. And then later on, you're, you're doing your thing and And you can't force it.

(1h 15m 32s):
And not everybody does feel that in, in different ways. It was very clear that, you know, my friends had gone a very different route. And in some ways I felt like, especially in the early years, they were all like somewhat disappointed in me in that I couldn't get my shit together. I definitely like drank too much. Didn't do it like, 'cause I was just lost. Yeah. Like, I just, I just didn't know what to do. And also, you know, living that lifestyle at, you know, punk clubs is not, it's not like, you know, ST's Baders and the Lords of the new church roll through and you're like, have you tried this new green juice? It's phenomenal. Right? Like, how's your cholesterol? Yeah. Those guys are vomiting on stage. Like it just wasn't the healthy lifestyle. But the way I've tried to articulate, I think that feeling, and and maybe you tell me if you think this is sort of apropos, but is that idea to trust your discomfort.

(1h 16m 19s):
Yeah. To, to trust your discomfort. That I'm in this situation right now, And I am uncomfortable. And I've just gotta find a way to articulate for myself why it's making me uncomfortable and why I need to make a change. And hopefully the act of making change Right. Is the antidote to that discomfort and anxiety. Now do you know that that change will be successful? You have no fucking idea. Yeah. But the act of doing it teaches you in some respect that you are not a prisoner of your circumstance, mind situation. Any of those things are, your fate has not been written. Boy. Well, I would say if in some alternate universe, the Jon Stewart show that you started on MTV that went to Paramount And, it gets canceled.

(1h 17m 5s):
If that had turned out to be the end and whatever you were doing now, you would not regret a second of it. That's why it takes me back sort of to earlier in the conversation when you said, you know, what was that moment for you, And? it really was the pivot point. The cleaving of the life that I was going to lead to the life that I ultimately was lucky enough to lead. Yep. Yep. Was one night And I worked. There was, so I worked at this place called City Gardens And. I worked at this other bar called The Bottom Half. It was underneath the liquor store on Route one in And I remember saying to them, you know what, fuck this place, fuck this life. I'm moving to New York. And they were like, have fun at the Gay Pride Parade.

(1h 17m 46s):
You know, like it's like that was the kind of bar that it was. Yeah. And that moment to me was the moment. Yeah. Like when they say, you know, what's, what's the best, you know, when Did, you know, you did, made it And I was like, I knew I'd made it when I hooked that U-Haul up to the rental truck and just drove. Yeah. And just went up to the city. Yeah. And that was it. I Always I do always try to tell younger people you have less to lose than you think. No Question. And you know, just, I, if you think Great advice, Try it. Just try it and you don't know, but you'll learn something from it. And I do end with, 'cause I've, I've, I've kept you longer than most guests. Just 'cause I know you're part, you Actually, I have another guest coming.

(1h 18m 25s):
It's, I'm, I'm using this room. Oh, I go ahead. Go ahead. By The ahead. Thank God it's in this building. When we first drove up here, I thought we were taping outta the back of the medical spa. No, no, no. So I, I almost pulled into that parking lot and was like, wow, we're Gonna get outta the way. That's interesting. We're gonna get outta the way. So you can talk to Hal Lindon, who's here. What, right. Yes. He's here. Looks like we made it. He's in Hey kids, look up Hal Lindon. You'll enjoy it. But I'm glad you're alive. Thank you. And I'm glad I'm alive. Yes. And congrats again on thank, thank you on, on all your success and thanks for doing this. This was really fun. And you know, my Pleasure. I've wanted to do it for a while. I'm a huge fan of it.

(1h 19m 6s):
I I love listening. You know, there's very little now that you can listen to that elevates your endorphins and your dopamine levels in a way that this, that your podcast does that's nice. And all the different guests and so much out there that's toxic to the system. And so this is a really nice, nice, that's sve for all of that. So it's Great. I've, I've often thought of myself as a salve or a balm, which is actually the word. Oh, always a bal, Always A sve. A balm. Yes, John, thank you sir. Go with God. Whichever God you want. I Didn't have any of them. Why now don don't know what to do. I'm lost. I'm talking about Jesus Christ of Nazareth. The carpenter. Yes. Oh no.

(1h 19m 46s):
Seated at the right hand of the Father. He'll come again in glory to Dodge, living in the dead and his kingdom will have no end. Who's at the, is it Rickles? Who is it? It's Rickles. It's Rickles. And then Jesus All. right. My God. Done. Alright. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive, produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes, incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns.

(1h 20m 32s):
Additional production support by Mars Melnick, talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Conn. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.

(1h 20m 53s):
You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at siriusxm.com/ Conan. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded,

(1h 21m 11s):
Want the same expert advice you get from the pros in the store while shopping online@discounttire.com. Meet Treadwell, your personal online tire guide that matches you with the perfect tire for your vehicle. Get your best match in one minute or less with Treadwell by Discount Tire. Let's get you taken care of

(1h 21m 29s):
The $5 meal deal at McDonald's. Means you get to pick between a McDouble or a McChicken. Hmm. Then get a small fry, a small drink, and a four piece McNuggets. That's a lot of McDonald's for not a lot of money. I got money. Get the $5 meal deal today. Prices and participation may vary for a limited time only.