
Loving a pet often means wondering if you're providing the care they need. Is there a health issue lurking around the corner? Hmm. It's a question we all ask ourselves. Does the pet need something or feel something but can't say it. My pets are actually quite clear with me. Oh, they speak, they speak perfect English. They talk. Yeah. But, but a lot of people don't have animals that speak. Yeah. Perfect English PET TV's there for you. Pet Tivity health kits and smart products use data and best in class technology to learn your pets behaviors and alert you to key changes you can act on. Pet Tivity is re-imagining pet care with a family of products designed to help give your pet a voice and empower you to provide the best care possible. Sounds good. Visit P-E-T-I-V-I-T y.com to learn more.


Man. Holiday's coming up gets pretty intense, doesn't it? It does. Very intense. During the holiday season, it feels like you're packing a lot into every second. Everything gets compressed. Pressure lots. It's stressful so much to do. That's why ADT spends all their seconds helping protect all of yours while you're out. The ADT Plus app gives you complete control over who has access to your home. Mm. With the Google Nest doorbell from ADT, you can know for sure if that's Santa or Aunt Mildred at the front door. See, I'd be suspicious 'cause I don't have an Aunt Mildred. It's Aunt Mildred. Thief. ADT has the largest number of companies owned 24 7 monitoring centers in the industry. when every second counts count on ADT. Visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT A SA Google and Google Nest doorbell or trademarks of Google LLC.


Hi, my name is Josh Brolin. And I. Feel so Don Cheadle about being on iconic headlines from, I don't even know what that means. What does it mean? Who knows? Badass Horny. You feel horny. Nice. Back to school. Ring Bell shoes. Walking. loose the fence. Friends.


Hey there. Welcome to Conan O'Brien Needs a friend. And we have a wonderful podcast today joined as always by Sono Ma Sian and Matt Gorley. I believe, I'm not even sure myself. And Sono, this has gotta be a big day for you. It is because, and we rarely do this, we rarely talk about the guest, but this guest is one of the stars of a movie, which has become, over time the citizen Cain of your generation. It Defined a generation. Don't scream. I'm sorry. We're all in the same room. Jesus Christ. Blazes not here. I'm compensating. Yeah. When, when you say like the Citizen Kane, I, I Don't know.


You don't even know what I'm talking about. Citizen Kane was a movie with Orson Wells I. know What you're talking about. Oh, okay. Right. That is very insulting. I know. I don't think you know about things. Yeah. I think He said it to insult you. Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah. I meant to insult You. Well, I know what Citizen Kane is. Okay. Okay. Yeah. But it's, you know what, it's just such a beloved movie. It know. It surprised me. I'm just gonna tell you the movie, it skipped me because I was a little too old. And when I say a little too old, way too old. Yeah. The movie came out, I believe in 1985 or 86. And I Am He was five, I think 85. Yeah. And I'm just getting my career started out in LA and I'm with my writing partner Greg Daniels. And. I. Remember the two of us?


What's that name? Name Dropper. Yes. Yes. Well, he's a big deal. I'm very happy for his success. And someday I'll have some too. Aw. But the point is Greg And I. I remembered this movie came out The Goonies, which was a big deal. So we went to Westwood and we watched it And. it was like a movie for for kids. Yeah. And Greg And I were sitting there and we were like, okay, well I guess that's a fun movie for kids. I remember being very annoyed that all the kids talk over each other. Ugh. I know. Also, and I'm sorry, they also, the kids call gold rich stuff and kids know the word gold. They just do, You're criticisms of this movie are so tiny. Teen. Teen Tiny. Okay. I've never known a movie to have more of a dividing line.


Okay. On whether you love it or hate it, And, it's all due to age. Yes. And so it's, It's all age So anyway. You know, you just don't Get it. So I didn't get it. I didn't get it. I'll be honest with you. I didn't get it. So flash forward all these years and you start working with me and blah, blah, blah, blah. And then at one point, I remember we're working at Warner Brothers Studio together and someone mentioned, oh, Goonies was shot in this studio where we make our TBS show. Yeah. You were like a nun that had seen the Holy Tomb of Christ. You exploded. I mean, bats flew out of you. There was an explosion. Light came down. I heard. Well, yeah. I heard Armenian songs that haven't been heard for thousands of years, and you went nuts.


And you were like, where's the spot? Where's the spot? Where they stood? Do you think that he stood here? Do you think that And I didn't understand? And so our guest today, Josh Brolin of course. One of the stars of that film. Yeah. And I. It's, it's amazing. I mean, it's a Not a Goonie from the beginning. No. He becomes explain. 'cause don don't know the movie. I, I lost track I know they, yeah. He's Mikey's brother, who is the main kid in it. He's who's played by Sean Aston. Sean Aston. Yeah. And yeah, he's, he's his brother. And then all and he's kind Of a, he's a Cool kid called Goonies. He's a, yeah. He's like the jock. Are you nervous today? I'm kind of, I also just 'cause he's also a Thanos. Yeah. Would Do you revere more?


Do you revere him for his Goonies role or for Thanos? Goonies. Goonies, same. Okay. Oh, what's your problem? Thanos. What's what? Thanos. That's, that's who he's become. And Sicario and, oh, Sicario. Sicarios big. Yeah. Okay. I don't know. Don't you have a movie that you think about from your childhood, that you watch it and you're like, yes, this always makes me happy. That's the Goonies for me. Yeah. You have to have something that, like some emotion for something. Yeah. Heidi Know She has super strength and she Right. You're thinking of Epie la Long Stocky, God. God. Oh fuck. Let's do it again. Heidi. Heidi. Oh no. Oh, it's too good. We can't, fuck. I got the wrong one.


Oh man. I was thinking Pippi Longstocking. I remembered seeing an ad. There was a terrible Pipi Longstocking movie that came out like in the mid seventies. I'm staying at my grandparents' house. Take it easy. Okay. I'm staying at my, I mean, it was made in, where was it? Made Sweden. Okay. And this Is getting dicey. And all I remember is my grandparents had this crappy little black and white TV that got no reception. And we're down in Miss Kwaku Rhode Island staying at my grandparents' little cottage. And my brothers And I are crowded around. And they kept playing over and over again. This ad for Come see the new movie Ppy Long stalking And. it looked weird. And you could tell the voices were dubbed badly, right? Yeah. They're very Badly. And there's a part where this awkward looking girl with pigtails who looked a lot like me at the time, like lifts a horse over her head.


Yeah. Old man. What's that? Old man is the name of the horse. Oh fuck. What is your problem? Come on. You're helping a conversational flow. Yeah. Anyway. Or your coolness factor. Yeah. I'm not after coolness. I'm after Veracity. Yeah. So. anyway, I'm after Hard facts. Pippi Pippi. Like any good journalist Pippi lifts the horse over her head. Okay. And it. The, the special effect is terrible. That's Not, it's not, it's Pretty good for the time. And it. Anyway, she lifted over her head and then they cut, they cut a Swedish boy who's got like red cheeks and like some chocolate on his mouth. And I'll never forget, it's so badly dubbed. And he goes, peepee, are you crazy? See, that's quality. And That burned into my brain.


Peepee. Are you crazy? So that whole summer of 1974 on Crandall Avenue in Miss Kwame cut Rhode Island, I would walk around looking not unlike Pippi and going Peepee, are you crazy? Until I was beaten by my brothers. Yes. And rightfully so. I love beaten you, but God, that what a terrible looking movie. Anyway, we got off on, we got off track But. it was the Goonies of its day. Okay. That was the Goonies before the Goonies. You think so? No, I don't. And I'm just being a dick. I was a big Goonies fan as well. And I. I'll give you one guest to which my favorite Goonie was The one that had all the secret inventions data. Yes. Yeah, exactly. So much so that when I was in junior high, I took a little like travel soap dish that could open and close and made a belt buckle out of it and put a little motor with a clock cog in it.


Oh my God. That would pop out like a saw blade. And so I have one question. And I just much. How much, how did I get laid? No, I just need a number. No, mine is, how many times were you stabbed in school? Well, none. Because I was defended by a So you were a bell Buckle. You were, you, you made a, you I So you data. He's the guy that has like these weird devices that come out of his rain coat. Yeah. And plays the James Bond music when he enters the movie. I mean, come on. Oh, I, I didn't. And he played by short round from, I was Gonna say Temple Quan before or after. It's After Is So you already were like, yeah, I love, I love this guy Yanna Jones. And then you saw him in the Goonies and you were like, oh my God.


And then I went to junior high, popped open my plastic soap District. Oh boy. Oh my God. My god. I'll tell you What though. I'm not even joking. Normally I would self deprecate. I was cock of the walk that day. Let tell you something. Every kid was lining up to sea that soap dish. Saw Blade And. I walked outta there with my head held high. I was cock of the wok And I. Love that. That hasn't been said. I'm getting it. I'm getting it right now. Oh, here it is. Hasn't been said since 1934. Franklin Roosevelt, after a fireside chat turned to Eleanor and said, I'm cock of the walk. Now. People have said that before. Oh yeah. That cock of the wok is a Oh, that was a Big thing. Like cock cock. Like the rooster Cock.


Yes. Or cock like dick cock. No, no, no. Oh, not Jesus. Why do you always have to drag everything out on the gutter? It's My me I do. don don't always do that. I'm just saying. You say cock of the walk. Cock the walk. When I hear cock, it's the first thing I hear think of is a penis. Yeah. I'm sorry. It's a penis. When you hear light bulb, the first thing you think of is cock. Oh my God. What is that? Marsan? What did someone say? Cock? Yeah. Wrap please. Nope. I wanna do more of these. Cock it up Up. I'm Tony's therapist. I'm gonna hold some images up to you. Here's one cock. Here's another one. Dick. Here's one Cro.


Most of the people who heard him say cock of the walk thought What? I thought, I don't know. I No. don don't think so. I don't think so. No. No one here. Fuck everybody here. Fuck. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I just love You got burned. You got burned. You got burned. I thought Eduardo would be on my site. but I Normally. Yeah. But when I say I'm wearing a turtleneck, Dickie, do you think, Dick, what Are you, what is a turtleneck? Dickie. A turtleneck. Dickie is like a, a a favorite. I've never heard of that. It looks like you're wearing a turtleneck, but you're not. It only goes this far and you put it under your, we'll cut this part. It's not as good as what we just had. Roo. Okay. We always elevate And, then we get back into the mud And. then we actually, we never elevate, we never do that part. No I know. What are you what All.


right. Let's get Into it. Podcast. Do you think you're on? Is always The rest is history And the dirt. My guest today is an actor who has starred in movies like, oh, I love it. And his credits. It doesn't say the one movie that Sona loves. Aw. My guest today is an actor who has started in movies like No Country For Old Men and Avengers End Game. And The Goonies doesn't say that. Thrash him. Yeah. Well, You don't have to read what it says. You could say The Goonies too. Nope. Doesn't say it. Here he now has has a new memoir titled And, and guess what I, I've read this book. And. it is beautiful and is very powerful. I can't say enough good about this book. I, I'm, I'm being very sincere. It's a lovely, it's a lovely testament.


This gentleman has written about his very unusual life. It's very cool. It's titled From Under the Truck. I'm thrilled he's here today From The Goonies. Josh Brolin. Welcome. I think you're excited to see me. I am excited. I'm really excited. The first time I went on your show was for flirting with Disaster. Yep. And I. Think you know, which I'm much less nervous now. I still get nervous, but not really. don don't care as much now. Yep. But back then, I told a story about how my dad's so good looking that I told him I wanted to have sex with him or something like that.


And nobody got it. I still think it's funny. It Is funny. It Is funny 'cause it's your dad. And like, of course You don't wanna have sex with your dad and somebody that's that good looking. Even the son would wanna have sex with him. Every angle I look at it from, it's still funny. And literally you And I were like, you went And. I looked out and everybody was like, yeah. Like nothing. You know? It was A different time. It was a different time. Know it was a different time and you were way ahead of the curve. That wasn't on you. Thank you. That was on that audience. I appreciate that night. It was a bad audience. I remember them. Yeah. Fuckers. Or, Or they didn't give a fuck what I had to say. I, I'm gonna start, 'cause I have to say this right away. Yeah. And I address.


My cohorts here, Mr. Brolin here. Josh Brolin has written a book. And I told him this backstage. And I wanna say it right here. Right now, many celebrities write a book or known people write a book. And you look at it and you go, okay. They cranked this out. This is a beautiful book. This is a really beautiful book. It What are you doing? I'm just video recording it. We are Recording this the whole time. He has a YouTube channel. But here, now I know I don. I won't use this for anybody other than my own ego. Okay. There you go. Okay. This is a gorgeous book. Wow. And it's really powerful And. it is brilliantly written. And I. Read this thing. And I. I thought there was so much in it that I did not know about you.


It's fantastic. It's great. And it's called Josh Brolin. A memoir from Under the Truck. I didn't know all this stuff about you. You jump around in time. You talk a lot about the different experiences you had on different projects. And there's a lot to talk about here. But the thread that runs through this whole thing is your mom. Yep. And. it is very powerful stuff, man. Is she a character? She is a character. And she was a character is a character. Continues to be a, a character. It's so interesting 'cause one of my favorite movies of all time, And I, think I've probably told you this hundreds of times, ad nauseum, but No Country for Old Men is one of my all time favorite movies.


And your performance in it and Javier's performance in it. Incredible. but I watched that movie again and again and again and marvel at it. This, what I never realized is that your character, Lou Wellen, is much closer to you and the way you grew up than I ever knew. Hmm. Which is faster. In what Way? In what way? Did, you Mean? Well, you grow up, I mean, oh, You mean ranch and all that kind of stuff? Yeah. You, yeah. First of all, your life. And, and there are so many passages in this book where you're taking care of animals. You're living on a ranch. You are living in this incredibly rural environment. You've got this life that was much manlier than anything I've ever experienced.


Sorry. I had a butterfly net. Occasionally I'd go outside with my butterfly net and then my mother would say, get back inside the sun's out. So, but your mom, let's talk about your mom because she's runs through this book and she died very tragically, I believe 1995 is when you lost your mom. But she jumps off the page and it's very unconventional. She's not a conventional mom in any way. You guys are drinking buddies pretty much at an early age.


Yeah. I think I say it in one of the, if you, you know, chapters, if you will, which we decided at the, toward the tail end of this to put in chapters to make it followable or just, you know, stories that you could kind of note and go back to. But there's one that said I was, I can't remember exactly what it says. But it, it says something like, I was created in her kind of likeness to be a drinker. Yeah. Do you know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it was like, it was kind of like a surrogate husband. Yeah. So to speak. My dad was, you know, extremely, they got married in 12 days after seven days, I think after five, no, it was seven days. They sat down. They had a scorpion drink. One of those massive cups between them.


My dad was reeling from an, from a recent breakup. And my mom would her voice that Texan boys. They were, you know, drinking it up. And she looked up and she goes, well, and my dad's like, yeah. And he, she goes, are we, we gonna do it? Or what? And it was like, do what? And she said, get married. Are we gonna just, are we gonna do it or what? And he got so kind of, you know, perplexed and confused and nervous that he just said Yeah, I guess. And she said, okay. And she started planning it at that moment. And five days later they were married. Of course, your dad, very well known actor. James Brolin. Super Handsome. Super handsome. I mean, I'd fuck him.


Yes. It's Whle full circle. I have you're not supposed to talk about it. He said it was Okay. But it's, it's, it's interesting because it's a new era because we live in this era where people talk about, you know, nepo and Oh, you're the, you're the child. That's like the new thing. Yeah. That's the new thing. I'm saying that, oh, you're the child of celebrity. You read this book, you dad, and You're like, where the fuck is the celebrity? Yeah. Yeah. Your dad, your dad is not kind of the point. Your dad kind of is, is not really in the picture. Peripheral a little bit that much. He's very peripheral.


Your mom, you say My childhood was on a leash of the whims of my mother. My mother. Right. And, and that you were sort of told to be, you're gonna, you're gonna be the man of the house even though you're a little kid and Didn't matter at her. Yeah. And then you live this life that is completely different. I mean, you are on a ranch, there's like 20 twos rifles. There's, I mean, the, the, the life you're living is not that of a kid who's growing up in any kind of privilege. Yeah. But that's the whole thing. And that's the thing that, you know, either people are really interested in or they're not interested in. To me, I know that I've fought the idea of celebrity my whole life, even though I didn't grow up in la Everybody thinks I grew up in Malibu.


Right. I didn't grow up in Malibu. And then you, you imagine what happens on a set and you think it's this perpetual red carpet and you're just waving literally your entire life. Yep. Do you know what I mean? Yes. There is a perception of Yes. I was just on the, on the phone with my lit agent, Kimberly Witherspoon this morning. And, and And I was like, I'm, I'm spinning, I'm spinning. Like you saw me. I felt it get uncomfortable when you said those nice things about the book. I got teary, you know, I got, yeah. This means the world to me because it's me being naked about the realities of the life that I've lived and the life of a lot of other celebrities that I know. You know, there's no, and it's not that it's looking for compassion.


It's not. But there's no compassion in that. There's no just like, oh, you, you guys have the same problems. No, you don't. You live in a bubble. You all live in under the same apartment complex. And you just go, what, what, what are you thinking? Right. Right. What are you thinking? What about the life of this kind of unconventional life of this guy who was germinated unbeknownst to anybody that it was gonna be this into an artist who just found creativity as an outlet, got attached to it. The self-destructive part of him grew and grew and grew with it. And then somehow through having kids and all that, found his way out of the self-destruction. Well, I read this book, And I thought, it's kind of a miracle you're alive.


'cause there's so many parts of this book where your drinking is outta control and you're, you almost, it feels like you have a death wish at times. Same thing with your mom For sure. And, and, and you, you read this, these accounts, which again, are so beautifully written. And, and then you intersperse that by jumping around with, you show up on the set to shoot the Goonies. And so there's this crazy world that you're living in where you feel like, oh, he's a ranch hand. He's not even a ranch hand. He's someone who has to work his way up to being a ranch hand. That's how it feels sometimes. And then suddenly you time travel, you're on the set of the Goonies and you feel like, this is weird.


don don't know what this is. This make believe world that, that I'm in. Yeah. This seems kind of fun. But, But not, not even close to as surreal as my world. Yes. Yes. Your world is much more surreal. Totally. Than showing up and making the, the Goonies with Steven Spielberg and Richard Donner. Like Yeah. With, and and by the way, I have to step outside this conversation for one second and tell you that Somo Somo Ossian Citizen Kane is the Goonies. Yeah. And I. And, and so And I witnessed this firsthand because this is true for an entire generation. I shoot this travel show. And I was not long ago in New Zealand. And I'm in New Zealand.


And I see a kind of a familiar face way across the way in this strange hotel we're in. And she starts coming closer to me and she goes, Conan, hi And I. Go. Hi. I can't see quite who it is. And she gets closer. And I, realize, oh, it's Martha Plimpton. Oh, what? Martha Plimpton in New Zealand. She's there to shoot something. She sits at our table, holds court is lovely. Fantastic. Really funny. My crew is all women. It's three women, two cameras and sound. They are shaking, shaking And, I, AMM. Because She's In the couch. And, and, and the thing is, I kept thinking, yeah, Martha Plimpton, she's great, but shaking. Yeah. You know, you never shook when you met me. Why are they shaking?


Is is you guys have a, is there a tremor going around? And at the end of the night they went, can we just please, please, please, please. Martha, just please get a picture with you. And then after they get the picture, they're practically crying and hugging each other that they got a And. I said to them. What? Yeah. And they said The Goonies. Yep. Right. Oh Yeah, Matt too. It's not just me. It's true. Formative. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. And you do whole movie Of my life. You do whole monologues to me about Troy's bucket. Yes, of course. It's the most inspirational monologue ever. Yes. There Have been times. 'cause Sony's been with me for a long time and there've been times where I've been and we've been all over the place. And, and I'm not kidding. There were times where I was on tour And, it was right after the Tonight Show fiasco.


And I'm down and out and I'm like, man, I gotta salvage my career. And and you would start their time. You would say, NY Up, it's their time up there. It's your time. And I went, what are you talking about? And she went, it's not your Time, Troy. It's Our time. It's our time And. I'm like, so what is this? And everyone around her was like, she's right. It's Troy's Bucket. I'm like, what the fuck are you people talking about? I'm 87 years old. Oh my God. There Buddy. Honestly, it's like, if you did it Freud quote, if you did some other quote, you'd be like, wow. Yeah, But because it's the Goonies, it has this reference of like, cute. No, but you know what I mean, for a whole generation.


It is. Wow. No, no, no, no. Dude. For like three generations. Yes. I don't know how many gen how old are you My age? I am 98 years old. Yeah. I know. So you are, we're the same Age I fought in World War ii. Did. you I am 61. You're 61. I'm 50 years. Okay, well rub it in. But that's, yeah. 61. You look so good. Thank you. I've had a ton of work done. Have You, I I'm constantly. Do you get filler? Honestly, I get no filler. I do. And you know what? Really? Yeah. My lips. No, I love how you just See those girls. See those guys. Come On. Can you imagine somebody like me getting filler? No. As he sits cross-legged on the chair. By the way, look, this, this is great. Josh. We all just stared at your lip.


Josh, you know what's amazing? No one would ever believe that I would get filler in my lips because I have no lips. Yeah. It's a, my mouth is a slit. It's a gash in my face. You do Have great cheekbones. You Do have great cheekbone. And you would look amazing with bigger lips. I suggest I'm gonna do it. You do Filler. You know I should do I. do. I don't think it's a bad thing. I know there can be reactions, but even you, because you have no lips. If it reacted poorly, it would still look good. So even if I got a bad swelling, yes, it would give me something. It's so mean. Josh. You could Have said something like, no, no, you look fine. But you went No. Either you, no, Because everybody says this.


This is not a perpetual red carpet. I want you Are not a fucking celebrity. God damnit. I thought this was my time that was there. You just brought it around. Yes. Yes. This Is not their time. This Is our time. It's our time down here. I'm gonna try something. I remember voice control. I remember Steve Anton said, what was it? C What was Carrie's name? Andy. Yes. Andy. Like it's the worst voice control of any actor. Until I did my next movie, which was thrashing that when I was in the premiere, And I saw that movie. A two, a movie that I don't talk shit about anymore. but I did for years. When I saw And I, my, my name was Chrissy that I yelled out and she walked outta my trailer.


And I. Go, Chrissy And I was like, oh my God, you suck so bad. You're actually hurting people. Acting is supposed to bring joy. And you are bringing, you know,


Wanna know what the bidet craze is all about. Do I I don't think you do. With over 200,000 glowing reviews, Lux Bide is America's favorite bidet. And it's the one to get your booty wet. Yes. Again, I need to read these ahead of time. Yeah, you Do. Here we go. Since 2008, Lux Bidet has been a pioneer in American bidet culture. They make the Cadillac of cleanliness and their team is happy to be servicing millions of butts nationwide. If you've never wash your butt after using the toilet, take this as your sign that you're probably missing a spot with that crumbly old tv. Why do they have to say crumbly? Yeah. Who's using what? Are they using crackers to wipe their ass? What's Their problem? The newest line of Lux per days is the, any o plus series featuring easy lift technology. Yeah. I can't get up to use the toilet. I need a toilet that comes and gets me. It's time. Get up super fast. Slide in installation, temperature control, dual wash modes, rear and front. Oh God. And 360 degrees self-clean mode. Just say, oh, for god's sake, listen to this. I'm just reading it. God dammit. I tried so hard to make something of my life. And they, these bidet people have dragged me down. Just say no to butt crumbs. No. Jesus Have No honor. Get clean today by using code Conan. Oh, that's great. Yeah. Use my name then, then. Christian name that my parents gave me upon my birth. Anointed me Conan is now a code to get rid of butt crumbs. Get 20% off the lux bide.com. That's code Conan at L-U-X-E-B-I-D-E t.com. No, I'm not saying it. I probably have to say it 'cause it's there. You Have to say it. You have to say it. It's says required butt. Your ass will. Thank you. Hey Conan. Yes ass. We don't talk much. That's true. We don't talk much. You do your thing. I do mine. What's up ass. I just wanted to say thank you. Thank me. Yeah. You got the lux expedite. Oh Well. Hey, hey. It's fine. I'm glad you're happy. Oh, I just thought we should talk more often. I think this is enough ass Lux bide. They'll wash your grandma's as Jesus. Oh, I Think I'm, I mean, it was my last Lux bide ad. Or was it?


They'll have to match my price of $30.


Christmas is going up in flames. A spelling mistake causes a letter to Santa to go to the wrong recipient in the new movie. Dear Santa Streaming, November 25th on Paramount plus rated PG 13. Head to paramount plus.com to try it free.


Hey, NFL fans, you can start the season with a big return on FanDuel America's number one sports book. So when you get a hunch in the middle of the game, you can check out the latest stats view, live, play by play, and so much more on the same page where you placed your bets. You'll get started with $200 in bonus bets guaranteed. When you place your first $5 bet. Just makes things more fun. It does. Hey bla, you're you're on FanDuel all the time, huh? You know it. I'm a Detroit Lions guy all the way. Well, You don't have to tell us specifically who you're rooting for. I'm just saying The silver, the silver and blue of their uniforms. I love it. And I. Love that team. That's Why you wrote for Teams is the colors of their uniforms. It's not 'cause you're from Michigan. Well, I'm, I'm from Michigan, which is why I root for the Alliance. but I'm just saying they're also, oh, I thought you just randomly chose the best uniform But. anyway. Isn't it true that if you've got a bet on FanDuel, it kind of has the excitement. It does. It adds stakes. It adds excitement, drama, all of it. It's great. Yeah. Incredible. Yeah. That's fanduel.com/ Conan. Never wastes a hunch. And make every moment more with FanDuel, an official sportsbook partner of the NFL 18 plus and present in DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5 First deposit required bonus issued as non-controllable bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem. Call or text 1-800-GAMBLER 1 804 2 6 2 5 3 7.


I always go back to the one in Wall Street. What? Charlie Sheen is on an elevator. Yeah. Wall with his father wall. Oh. And Martin Sheen, they're having this big argument. And Martin Sheen's line is, I don't measure a man's worth by the size of his wallet is what he's supposed to yell at him. I adore Martin Sheen. He is an, he's one of my all time favorites and a lovely man. But his line reading was, well, at least I don't measure a man's worth by the size of his what? And. It was a Pacino moment. Yeah. It's the Gimme all you got. Yeah. And it. And it. That's what it, it's, yeah. Yeah, yeah. That's what it's But. anyway. Every actor has those somewhere, by the Way, have you heard that story? Gimme All You got.


And he was like, you know, we had planned that he was on cocaine. Yes. And you go, thank God that wasn't just you. Oh. I think that that Bre were actively put in to make sense of what and Explain this blame for people who don't know. Yeah. There's a scene in heat where he is interrogating a source. But the best part is he's clearly improvising because when he says, get the hell your gut, the other guy, the look on his face is so real. Like he's looking to Michael Mann going, are we gonna use this? Yeah. Right. I know. He's What you do when you get to that point. I've been to that place. I've been in that place. And you do it twice. Yeah. Gimme all God. Gimme all God. It's like, please cut. That's what he's saying. Please cut the film.


Don't let this happen. I'm an actor. I can't stop And I taking the same line. I think in the same one he says, she's got a Great ass. That's what I mean. Then he slaps the table And he slaps the table. And the thing is, the thing about Pacino who sat in that chair not, and had a great ass and had a great ass, he said, yay. Yes. One of the greats, He is one of the greats. I mean, God, one of the greats he can get away with anything. Anything. Yeah. Anything that, because he's Yeah. Except that. Except that That was wrong. That was wrong. That was a perfect movie. Yeah. And he fucked it up. But, or, or Michael Mann fucked it up. And. I'm saying that from a, from a fellow actor.


I've spoken with him, not that I've told him, Hey, why'd you fuck up here? But he's one of the great, I mean, dogged afternoon to me. Yes. Oh God. It is like one of the greatest films, of course, of all time that I've probably seen 30 times And. it just, I mean, truly one of the greatest, when I heard him back, I was on a plane. And I. Heard him back there. Yeah. Whatever. It was like Tom Wait's version of Yeah. Yeah. This And I. Couldn't I? It's one of the few people I couldn't come up to. I was so in awe. Me too. And he came up to me. Me too. And he said, I'm a big fan. And I was like, wow. Yeah. That's a moment I'll never forget. He's he's The Godfather. Yeah. Did he say he was a fan of yours? No. Not a fan. He went outta, he kind of did though. No, no, no. He likes you. He went way out of his way to say not a fan.


No, no. He went, he was very sweet to me. And I've, I've run into him a couple of times. That's awesome. And he has been enormously kind and sweet to me. But can We just revisit this really quick before you move on? And I I know I say this every time I see you, but I used to see you on the street in New York. You know this in the Upper West Side. Upper West side, but not in the park. The upper West side. I would see you on the street and you would always avoid me. And that's the truth. Yeah. You would always avoid me. I did. You'd always look at me. You'd have your dogs. Yeah. I was totally one dog. One dog. Yeah. Oh, I imagined many dogs. Well, I had a paper Mache dogs. I imagined. I wanted people to think I had two dogs. Really? So I had a real dog. Dog. And then I had a paper mache dog. But I do I Always remember seeing you. I didn't wanna deal with Recognizing you. And then you would look up and then basically it was your version of Stay away from me.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I was very anti Goonie back then. No, you didn't know I was from the Go Did. Not, he just thought I was some weird street urchin that needed cocaine. And you looked like a dealer. You were swinging a hatchet. I will say that He looked like a dealer. Yeah. No, I'm just Saying That's Probably what I thought then. Yeah. Hey man, you holding, you holding, aren't you? Conan O'Brien shit, man. You know. Okay. As everyone will tell you, I'm notoriously unfriendly when you meet me on the street. Right. Notoriously. But yeah, I, I, I dipped out for that Goonies moment. We have another connection, which is, because you mentioned this a lot in your book, you and you tell this great story, but the set where we shot our show, our TBS show for 10 years was the set with the, where they shot the Goonies on Warner Brothers.


Oh, Really? Yes. Oh, no way. And so and so I know you tell this great story where the director Donner and And I think Spielberg, they wanted it to be a surprise when you guys come out the water Oh yeah. And see the ship for the first time. So they had you all go underwater with your eyes closed backwards, and then turn underwater With an underwater speaker that under was saying will tell you when to come up. When To come up. Yeah. And, and they wanted your honest reactions to seeing this massive galleon that they had built for the first time, which was real and speak about screwing things up. What Did you do. I came up, they said, go And I. I heard everybody else coming up. So I was late. So I wasn't thinking.


I came up, I looked at it, I turned around, I looked at it. And, I went, Fuck. Oh no. And Donner goes, what? No, I Go, sorry, sorry. He goes, go back under, go back under This Is a G movie. You know? And also you can't way Do That again. You can't see it for the first time again. No, That's what I'm saying. Go back under, I ruined the whole thing. And again, like when we go back and talking about this book is that, you know, you go, oh, we're hiring Jim Brolin's son or whatever. Right. And he auditioned six times. And I was, I was right for that part. I look at it objectively, And I go, I was right. I looked like a jock.


I looked like the right Sean Aston. But the truth of the matter is, is they were hiring Aceto rat. They were hiring a guy who was already doing, had done a lot. I'd already been to jail two times. Right. So, you know, when I go up and say, fuck, it's organic. It's not like, oh my God. Fuck. That's so big. It's so hard being an Actor's son. Anyway, I was gonna show you. I keep reaching for this And I'm gonna show you. Keep talking and I'm gonna show you All. right. Well anyway, this is a podcast. See? And I'll just keep talking while the guy I'm interviewing isn't paying attention.


No, no, no. That's, that's not how this works. All. right. Man. What am I supposed to do? This is don. Don't know. This is a picture of me. It's my mother. JB is a kid. It's me in my crib with a mountain lion. What? Holy Shit. There you go. Let me See. Oh my God. That is, and it's not a cub. It is an adolescent mountain lion. And that's, that's your God. Is that Your mom putting it in My, that's my mom taking the picture. Look at the camera. I'm like, I'm not God. I'm not taking my eyes off the mountain lion. I'm not looking at the camera. But this is like You and Melanie Griffith didn't her Tippy Hadron Said they knew each other. They did know each other. They Grew up on a, on a like farm with all these, these lions and Everything's, there's a, and if you look at the face, it will tell you everything.


Right. Not that I was beaten. That's what it is. Growing up with wild animals because You're constantly getting, that's It. Clawed in the face, But also there That bites. My mom called them. What's interesting about this Love bites anyway. Yeah. Josh, You j in the book, you jump between the sort of iconic Hollywood experiences where it's you and Sean Penn and you're meeting Robert De Niro for the first time. Yeah. And you had this great thing. You're such a wise, you've never met De Niro before. He sits down at the table and you say, I Don't mean to be, it's like even joking around with you, like Right. I'm in this thing right now. It's like, I don't mean to be mean. There's like people that I like Colbert, you Right. You know where I get along with really well and then I I know I do that thing And.


I don't mean to What No, but I'm, it's just what I grew up with. We all And, I all kind of poke each other. It's what trust me. I, you know what I mean? Oh yeah. I drink from that. Well, exclusively, I, it's called growing up with brothers and sisters. And we're always constantly cuffing each other. And all we do is talk shit at each other around here. That's trust. That's family. To me. That's family. Not everybody gets that. That's why when I go to Italy, everybody's like that. Yeah. And I was like, oh wow. I was just born in the wrong country. Yeah. Like everybody, even the grandmother is like, what the fuck are you looking at And? I'm like, what? But it's funny is you have these, you have these, you jump Actively trying to ruin my career. You jump, you jump from these moments where you're telling really funny stories about these, you know, like hanging out with Brando and Travolta and like these great stories.


But then the next chapter, you'll jump back in time and it's, you, it's four in the morning and it's your job to feed like 75 horses. And, 'cause there's a, there's connective tissue there somewhere. And it's not linear because what is linear? It's, you know, I was saying, I'm saying this this morning, I was saying the whole point of the book is that it's, it's this kind of, it's a collective. Like I love the idea of groups of people being able to lean on each other and, and, and if it's, if you know you don't have the same beliefs, it's a messy fucking life man. Yeah. Yeah. It's all over the place. It's all made up of moments. This whole idea of trajectory and like, I did the Goonies and then I did thrash and, and then I worked with, you know, then I did Highway to Heaven with.


Right. You know, it's like I, yeah, okay. But what were you thinking? What were you, this, what was the messiness? How Did you become who you are at this point. And then, you know what I mean? It's way more interesting to me to get into the non-linear kind of reactions off. You have De Niro in front of you and you look at him like, I don't, I'm sure it was the wine, but I was like, look at your face man. And he goes, what? And I was like, you just got a fucking face. Look at your face. Has anybody ever told you you should, like, have you ever thought about I? know you run a motel or a hotel or whatever it is, but you thought about acting Now. Did he laugh? No. And then I hear Sean go, dude, shut the fuck up.


No, he didn't laugh, but he was like, yeah, What you talking to me? What? Yeah. Yeah. And I was like, your face, the way you're sitting in that chair is just so kind of celebrity. But why not? We're in this life Once. No, but you said it before and it's like it And I don't mean to make it morbid or anything. But you said death wish. It was never a death wish. I never had a death wish. It was a vivid wish. Right. I just wanted things. Maybe it was the LSDI took at 13. don don't know But. it was like, I just wanted, I, my mom was that she just wanted it heightened. You talk about these experiences where you would go with your mom, you're a kid. She would go to a restaurant and it's just the two of you.


And then she would start making her move to connect with a guy there and you knew what was happening. Yeah. And you'd go out in the parking lot and go look for rattlesnakes by yourself while your mom cozied up with someone. Yeah. But It. She wasn't, you know, she wasn't And, I would say this if she was, she wasn't particularly sexual. Again, it was more about whatever the event was like. Right. If she, we went into a restaurant, it was very rare. My mom didn't end up in the kitchen. Yes. Yeah. You know, and my mom cooked every day, whether there was somebody on the ranch or not. She cooked every day and then she'd put it on somebody's fence post. So she cooked all the time. And, I have all those recipes. I have a whole wall full of recipes that she, that are all handwritten and all that.


So it's very cool. But the truth of the matter is, is that she was a big drinker. She would go out, she was loud, she was masculine. You know, if she wanted to kiss you, there's nothing that would stop her from doing that. She would grab you, she would pull, hurt you across the table and then she'd give you a kiss. Yeah. And then something else would come up, you know? Right. Somebody would bark and then she'd look over and, you know what I mean? It was like a high pitched whistle dog thing. She just wanted to be in the nucleus of everything, of what was most heightened and most interesting. And so without knowing why. Right. And she was always, she was always like that. She was tell me that her parents were super sweet parents teachers, really smart.


Corpus Christi, Texas. And that she was always sneaking out of the house. She was always causing trouble. She always had animals in her garage that she was hiding. She was just that in, in, in an organic way. And she, And I don't have it in the book. You know, she ended up, she ran away from home when she was 19. The first people she met were Clint and Maggie Eastwood. Right. So that's who, before Clint did raw hide or any of that, they kind of took her under their wing. She hung out in Hollywood. She grew up Baptist, very strict. She started sleeping with all these guys, married men and all that. She kind of went crazy, took a bunch of pills, got in a car, started hitting a bunch of parked cars. Ended up in Camarillo State Hospital, three and a half week.


They assessed her three and a half weeks later they said, look, she's not crazy. She just had a moment. they go to Camarillo State Hospital to pick her up and she doesn't wanna leave. She goes, I like it here. It's fun. And she had become friends with a lady. I mean, again, this is super morbid, but the, a lady who had ha hacked up her whole family and hadn't talked for 12 years, and I'm I can see it right now, probably sat next to her and said, I don't understand why you're not talking. Do you not talk at all? Do you have a voice or do you have this? And probably, and the girl finally said, candy And. it was like a whole Breakthrough. So your mom broke through this woman who isn't talking to anybody Out of total annoyance, I'm sure.


Yeah. Yeah. Would you please shut up? And I'll tell you exactly, exactly who I hacked up up and why. But you know, I don't tell that story. 'cause there's no need to tell that story because it has that in the fabric of each story. And you can see that for me in my life, it's hard to tell those stories when you're promoting a book because who the fuck wants to read about that? But at the same time you go, that's normal, man. That's normal for us. Well, What you inha clearly inherited from your mom, as you said, is this need that you wanted. And it's in all these stories you tell throughout your childhood and through a chunk of your adulthood, you need the dials turned up all the way. You need that. That's just something that you insist upon. And so if that means whatever that means, that's s what You're gonna do.


Whatever that means. And then you go, why would I be an actor? I had no interest in being an actor like my dad. My dad's profession didn't interest me in the least. There was nothing that kind of drew me toward like, what do you do? And wow, you do the thing. And, it was nothing. And I did a, i I took a theater class because there was like underwater basket weaving in theater. And I was like, well, let's do the theater. And this woman had me get up on stage. I was the first one she chose. Get up on stage, create a character, any character you want. How does he look? How does he feel? Where is he from? How does he this now as the house, we're gonna ask you questions and you answer as the character. And as I was, I was like a balding middle aged guy from Brooklyn or something. I don't know.


Whatever I came up with in my head. And as I was answering and humor, once people started laughing at my answers, it just clicked. Yeah. I was like, this is it. This is heightened, this is me able to resort to my imagination. Which is far more interesting than my reality. I I, yeah. I completely relate to being a kid, making people laugh. And when people describe, oh, the first time I tried a drug. Yeah. And, I realize that's who I wanna be. That person. That's how I felt. Yeah. When, oh, like these kids at the Baldwin school, the K through three school are laughing at some nonsense. I'm doing And. I'm like, what is this? What is this? I gotta have more of this.


Yeah. And. I don't care who I heard. There's a lot of beauty in the book. There's a lot of darkness in the book. You grew up with this group, this pack of kids, and you s and there's one quote that I circled the group of guys I grew up with, 37 of them are dead. 36. I got some bad news for you. Oh, Jesus. Wow. I just got a word. Dude, you actually just did this. I just got word five minutes ago and it's you. Yeah. No, it's not you so funny. But it's your friend Spencer And. it was totally his. See now you're family. Yeah. And now your family. It was a ballooning.


No, you're family accident. I appreciate. Okay. Well it said, I thought it said 37, but Okay. 36. 36. 30. 36. But that is, and there's, by the way, still people that when I talk about it, they go, Hey, tell Brolin I'm not fucking dead man. You know what I mean? Right. But yes, I'm just laying low. It was, It was, yeah. It was the punk rock. It was punk rock. It was the, the heroin epidemic. It was all that. A lot of people died. Ton you. You, this stuck out to me. Mm. You were given your first motorcycle when you were four years Old. Three and a half. I got bad news for you. No, I'm kidding. Your birth certificate is wrong.


You were four. I want this to be a recurring, I love how You're rewriting my book. I want this To be a recurring thing where every time Josh corrects me, I got bad news for you. I know. And by the way, you get mad and you shoot Back. Yeah. Okay. Three and a half and you get a motorcycle. Three and a half, an Indian, why are you still here? Indian 20 in Indian 12, you know, Indian 20. I got, I was three and a half. And then two weeks later, I had him take off the training wheels, as you see in my face and all those Pictures. Who those sanctions. This who? My dad, my dad, my dad, who doesn't ride motorcycles anymore and was never very good. I he, he, he fell at one point and really fucked up his ankle. And, and yeah.


but I, I, I rode my whole life. I raced dirt bikes. I got my eighties And, I got, and that, that's where I was spoiled. My dad always got me a motorcycle. So I had probably five different motorcycles growing Up. And you've done some crazy rides, like through New Zealand Or, well, then when I was 19, then I got into the kind of Harley thing and then, and then from 19 on. So however many of that years that is 19 to 56. Right. And, I ride with a group of guys now. And we go 1200 mile poles and we go to chopper shows and stuff like that. I have a 1937 knucklehead, 1968 shovel head. 1956 Panhead, 1947 knucklehead. Can I Ask a very nerdy, which is what about maintenance on those?


I mean, we're breaking down cut because we're vintage motorcycles. Yes. That's so you have to ride with people who can fix them. I'm, I'm not good. Like, admittedly not good. I Wish, I was better. but I ride Steven, you know, there's several people that we ride with that, you know, you'll see a transmission on a sidewalk. Yeah. I have like a full transmission. I, and we'll fix it Whenever I get a chance. I try to ride a vi a vintage motorcycle. And we were shooting something in Thailand and they found this absolutely gorgeous vintage, I think it was A-B-M-W-I could be incorrect about that. But. it was And. it was like from the early fifties And. it was just this bike that you could drool over.


I couldn't wait to get on it. I get on it and my first feeling as I'm riding is, this is fucking terrible. Meaning, Meaning the ride. Oh, no, no. I know what you mean. And, And also if you don't keep the throttle just right, it's gonna, it's gonna con out Oh yeah. We don't, A guy kept having to come out and kick it and, and take it apart and put it back together again. And I, I it, in order For you just to ride 50 feet for The shot, just literal, for 50 feet for the shot. And we have ended up getting the shot And. it looks amazing. Yeah. but I kept thinking, this is why I No, I mean, there's, there's, I like an, I like an automatic transmit. Not an automatic, But I. Like when you, when you see Hell's Angels or Mongol now Yeah. And they're all on nice bikes. They're all on new bikes.


I mean, there's guys real true motorcyclists that I know, that have super nice bikes that look at us and say, I could never do what you do. Right. 'cause it's too exposing. It's too it, it's just, yeah. I mean, you break down, there's no front brake. There's sometimes not a back break, you know, if you're going down, You just throw an anchor. You just throw an anchor. Well, in a hundred yards, I'm coming for a stop. Grab me, grab me, grab me. But that's why I think even now in my older kids can attest to this, I have a 36-year-old, a 31-year-old, a 6-year-old, and a 3-year-old. And my older kids, my son's a great artist, and there's a lot of like, electrical towers. And you go, oh, I know.


That's because he was in the back of the car looking out the window. Yeah. Like we stayed in motels, we stayed in that. And I do the same thing. Now we make, I make it as uncomfortable as I can. We don't this, I have an absolute like, fear of living in nothing but comfort. Sorry for them. But it's just how it is. Yeah. There's something, like I said, there's something substantial about the vintage Harley Davidsons where it's, I, I wrote about it in the book. They said, write about motorcycles, so I impossible to write about motorcycles. And I wrote And. I wrote And, I wrote And I kept crossing shit out. And finally I said, I can't do it. And the minute I said I can't do it, I started riding and then there was some connection with my mother and being in the back of the car with my mother and then riding motorcycles now and those connections and riding through a swarm of bees and all that.


You go, that's the deal. The discomfort is the deal. Yeah. If you can, if you have some resilience, I have a massive worry about a lack of resilience, even with my kids. but I, look at my 3-year-old. My three year old's, literally the toughest person. I know my girl. She's just, you can see it in her face. You're like, oh, you're a hundred percent Brolin. You're gonna be okay. We just gotta keep you from going crazy. Yeah. But there's this, again, it's character. It's all the stuff that's colorful and lively. The other thing that I embrace, The other thing that I used to say to my wife when our kids were little is, let's remember that it's important they be bored. Yes. And yes. Because the culture now and the technology is such that there's never a moment where you are bored.


And, I. Remember being bored as a kid because, And having to resort to your imagination. Yeah. And then who you are. Yeah. And, and so I I, I think I do you have that with your kids? Sona, like Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. And it it is, it takes a, a lot of work to just remind yourself that it's okay if they're doing nothing. Right. And then you see them start to resort to their imagination and you realize that's what they should be doing. Do you, I mean, 'cause I sometimes see people that just give, they give their kid the screen. No, no, no. And they say, yeah, you're fine with the screen. I'm gonna go off, I'll be back in six weeks. No, No, man. No. We, we, we, we, We, I'm talking about Matt Gourley. He does that. Yeah. Matt does that, But not me. He also gives him a little rum. Yeah. Well that part's true.


Yeah. Well, I mean, Matt And, I both also have three year olds too. I mean, it's, It's, it's, yeah. Twin. I Have twins. He has one. Yeah. Right, Right. You have, right. Okay. Oh, we're not Together. I got, you got what I meant. Not together. They're not together. I keep trying to get them together. No. Which is creepy. 'cause we are together. I just won't acknowledge one of the No, I just saw you playing footsies underneath the table. And I thought there's something going on. They Often just trade shoes underneath the table. So you Each have three year olds. Yeah. Yeah. Right. And we have a, a real pistol too. And I know You do as well. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's A girl. It's a girl And yours. Yeah. Mine Are two boys. They're twins. Two, two boys. Wow. Yeah. Wow. They're crazy. It's great though. It is. Even the irritation is great. I mean, there's time, there's, there's, there's a thing right now where they're both going through like a, like when you get mad, it would be great if you lived in a different house.


And I'm not even getting mad. I'm just like, please don't do that. You know? And they're like, can you live in a different house? And I'm like, fuck you, man. Like, there. So I go, I looked, I looked at my 3-year-old at one point, And I said, Did, you live in a different house. There nothing about me that intimidates you. Yeah. And they just stare. You know what I mean? But there's, to Have that, There's something, my daughter's so passive aggressive. You speak to her, Hey Glen, we're going. And she'll go, we're listening. Oh God. We're Listening. That's the worst. It makes you crazy. It does And. I'm going crazy. Yeah. I love that you have a, a little kid who stares at you with a Brolin face. Oh bro. And is like, Hey, old man, keep walking. Oh yeah. Keep walking old man.


You don't even know the depths. You know, I kind of do. No, but I'm saying, she's saying that in her mind when she looks at me. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. You're you're old now. We're the next generation motherfucker. I'll bury you. Like literally I'll pour the dirt. I am, I'm not afraid of many people in this lifetime, but my kids definitely. My, my 31-year-old daughter who's on tour, she just got off tour music. She was headlining all over the country. And she's one girl who I'm absolutely, utterly in love with, but who scares the shit outta me. Yeah. She's the, yeah. She's the first person in this life that actually scared me.


Do you see, it's a very personal question, but do you see your mom coming through when this For sure. Yeah. Yeah, For sure. In the, in the best way though. You know, my mom was spinning man. And my mom, what I don't write about in the book too, they go, God, your mom sounds, is like a horrible, They go, my no no is not what comes across your book. I'm glad, I'm glad not, not at all. Your mother has her. Your mother is an absolutely fascinating character. She is the thread, she's the propulsion behind a lot of the book. She's clearly a huge propulsion for you through your life. And what you do very beautifully is you, you talk about her troubles, her struggles, decisions that today some people would question, but you also include a beautiful letter she writes to you about how proud you can.


There is no doubt she loves you. There's no doubt she's proud of you. There's no doubt that she's like, ZBA the Greek. She is living every single second. Yeah. That all comes through. Yeah. There was a moment toward the end of her life, And I found like a, was it in an Al-Anon book? And I still have it. And it had her name in the, in the front that she wrote, hand Wrote and I know that there was a thing at the end. She had thought of, what's that show on right now? Chimps or something like that. Oh, Chimp Crazy. Oh Yeah, Chimp crazy. And she had thought of a show 30 years ago about like a sitcom of chimps and people and doing it like animatronic or something like that, because she was into the wildlife thing. And somebody took her seriously and said, I want you to develop that show.


And she wasn't in the business or anything, it was just somebody that she knew that said, I want you to develop that show in a serious way. And I, remember my mother crying? And she said, And I said, what's the matter? And she said, I've never been taken seriously in my life. Mm. So she was a freak show. Yeah. And she, and then you start living up to that freak show. And then interestingly, there's a guy, I remember who it was, there was a guy who said, Hey, my friend's coming. He was, he was Canadian. And he said, my friend's coming into town, do you want to go out And I said, sure. And I went out. And I had done something a couple of days before. So I like stopped drinking for a few days. And we went out and he said, what can I get you? And I said, water's fine. And he goes, what do you mean And?


I go, I just take a water. I'm not drinking tonight. And he goes, I brought my friend down from Canada, you know, I told her about you And, I go, what do you, what do you mean? And he said, you know, it's like, you're gonna have a night. I told her that You're crazy. And I was like, oh, I'm like your fucking clown man. Yeah. I'm like, your thing. Yeah. I'm like, you, you pay the $2, I have the two heads, or I have the thing and you're gonna experience a Brolin moment. Yeah. A brolin night. Yeah. He's gonna go to jail and you're gonna go home and go, how crazy is that guy? Right, right, right. And then you're gonna go on with your life. That was when I started to go uhoh. Yeah. You know, because my mom lived a life of that And I saw right at the end when she was taken seriously at 55.


And I'm 56. And strangely enough, this book was never intended to be this book. This book happened organically. I just started writing. I'd look at my journals, And I go, oh, that's, I remember that moment. And I start writing about it and poorly. And then this thing formulated into this, all these stories about my mom. And you go, maybe that's And, it happened at 55. What a strange thing. Well, You it is. I can't recommend the book enough. And again, when I picked it up, I didn't know what I'd be discovering. And my big takeaway is, you have lived for a still or a, a young man.


You have lived a, a, an incredible life. And you, your pro style is really striking and great and admirable. Thank you. And that's, that's something that, that hit me across the face is you are a very talented writer and you should write more as A writer. You as a writer. I appreciate that very much. Seriously. Well, I, you, I'm a, a very great writer. Okay, wait, All, right? Wait, did I go, did I go the wrong way Back on that? Why can't you just make a moment Normal? Yeah. Just let It happen. Let him compli, And I of and just say That I'm a great, very great writer, which grammatically is so fucked up.


It's The worst writing possible. It's the worst. Me b I'm not done. Very great writer. Oh. Just say thank you Josh. Every time I've encountered you in, in my life, other than when I used to run away from you on the street. Yeah. I swear to God you had a weapon. You were going through some bad shit at the time. But every time I've talked to you and on, on one of my shows and, and today you are a very honest person who has paid attention in life and you're sharing what you've seen with people and you're very wise and you're hilariously funny.


And it's, it's a joy. So thank you so much for being here. Really, man. Thanks for having me. Yeah. And I'm gonna come hang with you now for a couple days if that's cool. All right. That's fine. I don't think it's crawl into bed. Brother Crawl. Snuggle up. Snuggle up.


Ugg Christmas is about to go up in flames on November 25th. Wreak havoc on the holidays in the new movie. Dear Santa, starring Jack Black from the minds who brought You Dumb and Dumber. Dear Santa follows, what happens when a young boy's spelling mistake causes his letter to Santa to go to the wrong recipient stream? Dear Santa, November 25th on Paramount plus rated PG 13, head to paramount plus.com to try it free.


Hey, NFL fans, you can start the season with a big return on FanDuel America's number one sports book. So when you get a hunch in the middle of the game, you can check out the latest stats view, live, play by play, and so much more on the same page where you placed your bets. You'll get started with $200 in bonus bets guaranteed. When you place your first $5 bet. Just makes things more fun. It does. Hey bla, you're, you're on FanDuel all the time, huh? You know It. I'm a Detroit Lions guy all the way. Well, you don't have to tell us specifically who you're rooting for. I'm Just saying the silver. The silver and blue of their uniforms. I love it. And. I. Love that team. That's Why you wrote for Teams is the colors of their uniforms. Isn't that 'cause You're from Michigan. Well, I'm, I'm from Michigan, which is why I root for the lions. But I'm just saying they're also looking. Oh, I thought you just randomly chose the best uniform But. anyway, isn't it true that if you've got a bet on FanDuel, it kind of has an excitement? It Does. It adds stakes. It adds excitement, drama, all of it. It's great. Yeah. Incredible. Yeah, it, that's fanduel.com/ Conan. Never wastes a hunch And make every moment more with FanDuel. An official sports book partner of the NFL 18 plus in present in DC First online Real Money Wager only $5 First deposit required bonus issued as non withdraw bonus bets which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fan dual.com. Gambling problem. Call or text 1-800-GAMBLER 1 804 2 6 2 5 3 7.


What's your boldest, truly ambitious life goal? Everyone has one and everyone deserves a way to get there. That's why State Street offers a wide variety of ETFs to give all investors access to the market and the chance to reach their goals. Like with DIA where you get 30 US blue chip stocks in a single trade, wherever you are heading getting there starts here with State Street. Before investing, consider the funds investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Visit ssga.com for prospectus containing this other information really carefully. DIA subject to risk similar to those of stocks, all ets are subject to risk, including possible loss of principle Alps Distributors Inc. Distributor


Adam Sachs are a wonderful overlord here. Yes. At the podcast. He's a podcast Genius. He's the boy wonder. We owe him our thanks. Great debt of gratitude. That's right. He alerted me of something on Reddit. And the title is, is Conan's podcast. Using the Dick Dork and Deer formula, I started wondering if Conan is using a classic radio TV construct known as the Dick Dork and Deer formula for those unfamiliar, this is a common structure in Big morning radio shows where the dick plays the antagonist saying the bold or jerky things. Yeah. The Dork is quirky or socially awkward. Creating funny friction. Corly the deer is the heart of the show. Keeping things grounded and often echoing what the audience is thinking.


I have a theory. Yeah. We're using the dick, Dick and Dick from the Three days because I think it switches on and off all the time. I know. It's true. I don't think there is a deer here. You know what's amazing is that when you hear that, if I was, if I didn't know any better, I'd say, oh, that makes sense. I'm sure there is a format for these things. People would be stunned by how little thought went into Conan O'Brien needs friend. Absolutely. It was Adam saying, Conan, you should do a podcast. And I said, huh, well if I do it, I better have Sona there because that's just, she's in my life. She's my assistant and we seem to be really funny together.


And it's a real connection. And then they said, we need a dick. And they brought Matt Gorian Professional Dick A Professional Dick. You guys are both dorks and dicks. Yes. You're both Dork dicks. Yeah. Yeah. Or Dick dorks dick Of I like Dork dick, Dick Corks. Dick Cork. We're corked dicks. Yeah. Ready to blow. You are though. I mean, I think we are all definitely dicks. Yes. I think it's, I think we, I think it's a different formula, but I think that is very interesting that that is a formula when I think about it. Yeah. Now and whatever we've come up with is random. This is a Jackson Pollock painting, except it wasn't even painted by Jackson Pollock.


There was a can of paint on the side of the road. It Was painted by a Dick. Yeah. A car ran over it and splurged a bunch of paint onto a canvas. And that's what this is for. Better and clearly worse. Yeah. Right. Is that now? You weren't thinking anything like that. Were you Adam, you're Adam. You're allowed to jump in and here he comes. He's just, he's unfamiliar with the format. So he is sitting 50 feet away. I Is this mic on? Yep. The headphones are not On. Okay. Wow. So you're the podcast genius. You just, do I speak into this too? No, I, the answer is no. I definitely was not thinking that we would, I I'd never heard of that Dick Dork dear thing. Either it, I, I can see how it makes sense, but no, that wasn't the thought.


The thought was start with you. You actually said like you want some people around you. Yeah. You needed people to bounce off of You. don, you can't just do this by yourself. And I could, it'd probably be Better. Oh, well I said I don. You said that you didn't wanna Do by yourself, said I. know what I said was I don't want it to be too good. Oh. So let's make sure that So is here in Goly remember? Yeah. You know, like sort of if something gets too, if a nuclear react gets too hot, they put in these rods to cool it Yeah. Of just sort of mediocre stuff. Dick Dork. Yeah. Dick Dork. Dick Dork. You're Dick Dorking at bedtime right now. That's a Dork move. You're doing a Dick Dork. Yes. Explaining how no Dick dorks better Than you do. I'm being a dick. Yeah. And I'm also explaining how a nuclear reactor works. Well we should, we should give some credit to Jeff Ross, who never And not Jeff Ross.


The, the, the the Roastmaster general comic. No, Jeff Ross. Our Own Jeff Ross. My producer of 31 years. Yes. Who, who 25 of them very capably. He also identified the fact that you and Sona have a great thing and it's really funny. So we should have Sona there. And And I had known Matt for many years at that point. Worked with him for many years. And so I, when we said we wanted, you know, the best producer in my mind there, Matt's the best producer I'm Gonna, is gonna confess something. You had me come into a meeting and Matt was there and we met. Yeah. We got along great. And you said, well, Matt will be the producer at the time. I thought that meant he was, I'm not, this isn't a bit or anything. I thought he was behind a glass case. Me too.


Producer Producing it. I had no idea that he'd be in the room with us. And when you were in the room with us and talking, I was, I was like, oh, I was surprised for years. Hated it. Yeah. I mean I got that sense. Just years. No, no, I'm kidding. No. A surprise. And then immediately saw, oh, this is, no, this is great. This is a triangle. This is triangulation. 'cause you, I'm going to take a second and be legitimately nice to you. You bring so much great stuff to the podcast and you think differently than I do. Not as quickly and not as You were so close. Not as, you know, just all Dear.


Not just a little Dork, A little so dear. Not as by the gods, you not kissed by the gods, but you do such amazing job. And so that was, but that was a complete surprise to Me. Same with me, because I had no understanding that I was gonna be on mic. I was just supposed to come on and help develop the pilot. But I do remember one of the first times you engaged with me on Mike and in true service to this thing, it was a question about Star Wars. So, and you turned, I think turned to me as like, what do you think of this? And I had this answer about the prequels or something because don don't Remember. I didn't even know You just looked like someone. I think it was because you were dressed as a Jedi. And. I mean in a child's Jedi costume.


The kind that ties around like an apron and just says Jedi on it. Not a good Jedi, not a cosplay Jedi. Yeah. But an 11-year-old going out on Chris on a Halloween Jedi. but I, I, I did in the back of my mind, think there was a world where Matt, like Matt would speak more, but the premise was that yeah, you weren't gonna talk, you were just gonna be The producer. I think you like got there to be a microphone out there where I was kinda like, why is there a Micro Yeah. And I wanted there to be a microphone in front of you just in case. And, and For a while I kept, I, if you remember this easily, the first 20 episodes I was hiding your microphone. You were I'd come in early. Yeah. I would using a saw, I would saw it off. I know. You didn't know they just come off. Yeah. I didn't know. Yeah. Well some You just duct tape my mouth too.


That was harder because you, you're quick, you're very quick. But then bla comes stumbles in bla is like, if you're at a campsite and you don't put your food away, bla will show up. So bla stumbled in and you know, he was like, like outside the tent and then he started saying things. We thought, okay, well Blaze here and then Eduardo, now Eduardo designed the studio, right? Eduardo's the one here who actually knows things. He actually has skill. He's trained, he's talented. And, and you actually, Matt, you have some actual real world abilities in editing.


I don't do anything Sona. Jesus. I'm sorry. But you know, the way light can't escape a black hole. I mean just you what? You don't do anything. And it's amazing. It's absolutely amazing. Does it infuriate you A little bit. Okay. I I love it. Okay. I'm glad. I love it. I love it. It you are, you're right. You are the best at doing nothing. Yeah. Like you've turned it into an like, not Only an art, but I. You are just, it's gorgeous. Always been Sona and it's amazing. Don't change a thing. Okay. But that's also an insult. Shoot. Oh, and, but no, I'm And. I mean.


Eduardo is the one who designed the studio. Just makes this whole thing. Hum. You're the maestro. You deserve so much better from me. Except you'd have to take the occasional shot because you're a human being in the room with me. That's fair. And you have to absorb some of the hate that was crystallized in Brookline, Massachusetts in the sixties. This is gonna Sound corny. I can can't take credit for hardly any of it. I just do what you guys allow me to do. So, oh, you Know, I hated that. He's A deer. Deer. He's a deer. Deer. He's deer deer. And that's the deer right there. There's Three deers over there. I Knew you were gonna gimme shit for it. It but I have to. No. Should We be more like those? Like fuck you. Okay. Oh, you're gonna do the dick part Also?


We don't have sound effects. And I. Think all those shows have like a wah and then fake fart noises and stuff. Oh my. Yeah. We use real farts here. We don't use fake fart noises. We can't afford we couldn't figure that out. We Have a fart. Mic fart. Mike Sona iss always carbo loading before every episode. Get ready. 900 pounds. Cans of beans. Gimme some boots, gimme work to do. I got work to do. And then Eduardo always like, you know, there is a fart sound effect. It's literally on this board, so it's like That sucks. Yeah. We, we Gimme the fart mic.


Oh yeah, fart. There's just one we have to pass around or we individually miked. Okay. I'm, I'm calling it. No, There's one fart, Mike. Okay, listen. And then when you feel it, you give a look. Say pass me the fart Mike. And then someone's like, it's part time. Maybe we say It's parttime. s your Sona to your credit. You're always ready to go when you feel it. Sona is always ready to go. I Just You are prepared sir, You are money in the bank. Yes, I do. Yes I Am. I wanna wrap this up. But that's the origin story of how, Oh God, Wait a minute. That was so sounded. That sounded like wet corduroy ripping I. know that did not sound, what is was that was like a lung being pulled out of someone's chest.


Eduardo. It's different type of forest. Whoa. It's not like anything I've ever heard before. Before Someone falling your trash compactor. That was Aquaman fart we go, Ew. Alright. No, there's funny Farts in the wet farts are not that funny. The first, the guess what that one was. What that was was funny. This is what I know comedy. You really have turned Into a radio drive Times show. This is insane. All. right. Well avoid the 4 0 5, avoid the 4 0 5 and we'll be back with the whack pack right here on Z 55 35. Hit the fart.


Jesus. That's so pathetic. That's just a dead person. That person's been dead for six weeks, But we're all laughing at the fart. Farts are always funny. Oh God. Never. Funny. Oh God. God. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sono of Cession and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer.


Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Kahn. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at siriusxm.com/ Conan.


And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded,


Running a small business takes endurance, determination and the right support to reach your goals. And MasterCard is here to help fuel that journey in a fast-paced digital world with innovative tools and resources, we're here to guide businesses every step of the way digitally because when small business wins, everyone wins. Let's power up our communities. One small business and one step at a time. Keeping the community running strong. Priceless


Fall is in full swing and that means whiskey season whistle. Pig whiskey has the world's best age dry and bourbon whiskey for your favorite fall cocktail, try a maple old-fashioned with whistle pig's piggyback rye and barrel aged maple. Both available@whistlepigwhiskey.com slash shop. Use the code Conan for 10% off your order@whistlepigwhiskey.com slash shop. Stir sip and thank the pigs, it's whiskey season. Cheers.