
You wanna watch your favorite TV shows and movies on a TV whose clarity, color, and contrast really shines through. You need Samsung ed? Yeah. No, it's not some Swedish monster. It's Ed. Let's Samsung Ole Mercy with unbelievable details and picture quality. Their AI powered processor. Upskills your favorite movies and shows in brilliant 4K resolution. So even old content looks amazing and our podcast has never looked better. I've seen my podcast in Samsung. oled, my face comes out through the screen. Oh, I'm there with you. Don't be afraid. That's what I really look like. This is the only OLED TV validated by the industry leading color experts at Pantone. So you can experience colors as they're meant to be seen. They know colors at Pantone. One of my big pet peeves when watching TV is glare. I hate glare. I hate it too. Yeah. I have to wear sunglasses sometimes when I'm watch tv. But the oled, that doesn't make sense. S nine five D has OLED glare free technology so you can watch with almost no glare. You know, I'm a big gamer. I love me games. Yeah, I love my games. I love Sizzle Busters. I love playing Cosel Sizzle. Coel Sizzle. Oh, I'm really good at that one. And I got to level nine. I visited the planet of Jabali. That's why I'm excited that the Samsung OLEDs Motion Accelerator delivers ultra smooth 144 hertz motion. And the AI Auto Game Motel is your game settings to its genre. My video game skills, I've never looked better experience to be the way it's meant to be seen with Samsung oled. Visit samsung.com/ed to learn more. Upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experience may vary according to types of content and format.


High Five Casino lets you play your favorite slots and live table games like blackjack. You love blackjack, Sona, I do with the chance to redeem for real cash prizes. Yeah. Yeah. I love blackjack. you get to go Hit me. Hit me. Yeah. And stay. And yeah, and stay. That's the other one. Yeah. I stay. Yeah. Good. Good one. Yeah. High Five Casino has a giant selection of over 1200 games, including hundreds of exclusive games only found on High Five Casino. It's always free to play and free coins are given out every four hours. You can tell time by it. Ready to have your own high five moment. Hmm. Nicely done, copywriter. Visit high five casino.com. That's high. The number five casino.com. No purchase necessary void, where prohibited by law must be 21 years or older terms and conditions apply.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hey everybody, welcome to Conan. O'Brien needs a fan and today's a bit of a different episode. I'll be talking to Jules and Maria and this will not be my first conversation with this couple. We started talking, it might have been well over a year ago. More than that. We started talking because Maria reached out and she had been an NBC page. And through various contacts she got to me and she said that my husband Jules is suffering from a LS and would I be able to chat?


So we started having some chats. They're a wonderful couple and he's doing an incredible job in this very difficult situation. And then they mentioned, Hey, if you're ever in Miami, look us up. And I said, I'm gonna be in Miami. 'cause we did some podcasts from Miami. Well, you did. Yeah, we did. Yeah. Did. Oh, that's right. We didn't. You left us. That's right. Us in the dust. Well, I left you behind because apparently you guys can't handle the night scene there. So you took us halfway and then just left us in Oklahoma. Yeah, I did. I left you, we, I had the, the Learjet land in Oklahoma, the Golden Learjet land in Oklahoma. Yes. Anyway, met them in person in Miami. They came to both shows, met their son Skylar.


And they're just lovely cool people. And so have gone on to have a, another conversation or two with them over Zoom. And then the idea came, Hey, why don't they, they're, they seem to be fans or they're doing a really good job pretending. Yeah. And they are in this very difficult position. Why not chat with them and get their story out? So let's go Now they're in Miami to Jules and Maria. Let's get 'em in here. Hi Maria. Hi Jules. Hey Guys. It's so great to finally meet you all together. Conan, hello again. Wow. This is, so, let me explain. Hi guys.


Hi Maria. How are you? Lemme explain what's happening. Well, why don't you explain, Maria, what is the system that, that Jules is using that allows him to use this AI voice? What's it called? So This is, it's an eye gaze device. So he's basically controlling the computer with his eyes. Hi. So Engle, by the way. Hi. I'm so happy to meet you guys. One thing this AI can't figure out is to say your name. Right? I like that it's Mispronounced I know. I also It is or it is Conan mimicking Conan. Conan Conan. There we go. There it's, Oh, don't fix it. No, go back the other way. Don't fix it.


Conan. Yeah. I, I prefer the way Regi just, I Rod to keep it the other way. Can we just change it to Larry? Yeah. Regis Philbin used to call me Conan. I Know. Yeah. And so, but then again, maybe our AI overlords know that you have been pronouncing it wrong all along. Oh yeah. Every time he plugs it in it always says Conan Conan Conan. So I was like, maybe, maybe this is time for a name change. Conan. It's a new identity coming. Yeah. AI has it out for me, as it always has. So now he'll explain how this, how this works. Okay. Can you play that one? Yeah. For normal conversations, I use my Toby eye gaze tablet. It tracks my eyes with infrared cameras and I'm able to navigate the computer like you would with a mouse just a bit slower.


I'll pick each letter or word with my eyes and then it generates the phrase, I can also pick prerecorded phrases. That version of my voice was generated by banking my voice back in 2020. I recorded 300 short statements and then a company plugs them into an algorithm that generates a voice I can use anywhere. Oh my God. This is one of the first very sobering things that a person diagnosed with a LS does. It was very surreal. Three years later, we uncorked my banked voice, it sounds like me, but robotic and with no cadence or emotion. What I am actually using right now is an AI cloned voice to generate this one, I only needed to submit a couple of recordings that I had from our podcast, the couple shift.


We've been recording that since before my diagnosis and continue to this day. It's crazy and painful to hear my voice evolve over time for the AI cloned voice. I will write a sentence or a paragraph like I did for this interview. Press generate and you get a much more human-like voice with breaths, emotion shifts and cadence and pauses. It's been pretty wild to test this new voice out for the past two months. It's not the greatest at spontaneity because all the computations are done through the cloud. So that adds a few seconds depending on your internet But. it is doable. And, I hope more people begin to use it. It's given me back my expression.


I'm even working on a five minute comedy set that I'll be performing soon at a club. It's new challenges like these that keep me motivated, even though I've lost so, so much. I have to say, Jules, we had a conversation the other day and that's when we had the concept of, Hey, let's do a, let's do a con o Brien Needs a fan episode. But you were trying out some of your material And. it was really funny. You had a whole standup set about the local weathermen in Miami who are obsessed with being out in the hurricane to show you that the hurricane is happening. And And, it was a really funny idea. It was all about NN not to give it away, 'cause I still want you to do this set But. it was all about how they seem to get a neurotic thrill out of standing out.


And you were talking about how they're getting off on being buffeted around, but And I was laughing really hard. And then you were asking me through your AI voice about various punch up ideas. And so we were talking back and forth And I thought, this is, this is the essence of comedy writing and I know that you've been saddled with this terrible situation. But the idea that you are working on a comedy set, exercising your talent in humor is a just such a beautiful thing. It was a very inspiring moment for me. You've given me many gifts. Talking to both of you has been a gift for me. And so that's why I'm so glad we can, we can be here.


I did want to ask a couple of questions, which is, what's something that would surprise someone to know about living with a LS? This is not just a disease that strikes older people. I was 35 when I was diagnosed, and there are many people with a LS even younger than that. You would think this fact would be obvious with Lou Gehrig being diagnosed during his prime, but the optics are still off. Most people assume it's an old white man disease. It's not the way some a LS clinics approach patients is as if we have lived our lives already and our kids are grown up and we're done. I have a 7-year-old and my family life was just getting started. My interests haven't changed.


My desire to live and interact with the world is as lit up as ever. Also, 90% of a LS patients don't show any genetic inheritance, meaning it's sporadic. Something I didn't anticipate was the constant body pain I'm in. It's excruciating. I'll also say that even though this diagnosis is pretty much the shittiest thing ever, the past four years have been filled by experiences that wouldn't have happened otherwise. It is such a devastating disease and it's incredible to me that in our conversations, you're very frank about the pain that you go through and how intense it is.


But you're also always so positive and funny. And frankly, you give me a lot of shit, which I find to be, well, I hate it, by the way, first of all. Oh, get Over it. Conan, oh man. But your, your humanity and your creativity is, is bursting through your, your body is failing you, but you are there 120%. And it's absolutely beautiful. I, again, I say we've chatted before, And I always get off of our chats.


And I come down into the room where my staff is And I say, I just got the greatest gift, you know, from these beautiful people. And that's how it feels right now. I'd like to know a little bit about you guys as a couple. How Did you and Maria first meet, how Did you guys get together? I'll let my wife answer that. Smart artificial intelligence is very intelligent, Very highly intelligent. You Better ask my wife. I'll check with the boss. Yes dear. And and thank you Conan for this beautiful words landing straight in the heart.


We appreciate you deeply. So we met back in May of 2010. It was at a karaoke party for the 30th birthday of a certain young beautiful lady sitting next to him. So my coworkers threw me a Pass, I'm thinking still for my, still For my 30th birthday. And a coworker of mine used to go to high school with him, was still his friend. And basically brought him along like, Hey, we have this thing going on. Come hang out. And another coworker who was there prior to me getting there, she calls me and she goes, Maria, there's a guy here for you And. I'm like, okay, who do you know him?


And she's like, I have no idea, but he's cute. And, I have a feeling. And I'm like, okay. So I get there and sure enough he's cute. And we introduced each other. He introduced himself to me. And. then we didn't speak a word for the rest of the night, like three hours. But we danced and we danced. And. it was like the chemistry between us was just undeniable. At the end of the night, he asked for my number and then like a year and a half later we were engaged, then married. So we got married in 2012, December, 2012. And. then we had Skyler a few years later and yeah, that's us. Wow. So I I, and I've met Skyler who is Yes.


And he gives you a lot of shit too. He, man, He's being trained very well. He is appropriately wary of me. He's, he's got stranger danger every time I meet him. Like, what's that? Yeah. So we watched as a family, we watched the four travel shows. So looking forward to the next batch, we saw them with Skyla. We were like, come on, let's go. 'cause he'd already met you and you know, he loved them and he had so many highlights and so many things like he was imitating you afterwards. Just all these things. And then when we spoke with Conan a few days ago on Zoom, I called Skylar into the room. I was like, Hey, come here so you can say hi to Conan. And. I said to Skyler, Hey tell Conan what were some of the highlights of watching a show?


And he goes, nothing. And he on purpose said nothing because he knows Mike. Drop mic drop.


Hey Sona, I have a question. Yeah. You're craving a snack. That's cool. Creamy. Chewy. Satisfying and indulgent. I like always. Yeah, that's what I thought. Then you have got not maybe got to try the number one mochi ice cream in the USA. It's called My Mochi. My mochi is premium ice cream wrapped in a sweet dough With. each bite you get the perfect combination of texture and flavor that is sure to satisfy choose from flavors including strawberry, mango, double chocolate, and cookies and cream. Which is your favorite cookies and cream all day? Oh, I like strawberry And. I like mango. Every flavor offers a unique taste experience. There's something for everybody to enjoy. Each box listen carefully has six perfectly portioned mochis and there's only around 90 calories per piece. Plus my mochi is gluten-free as well. It's a great on-The-Go snack with no spoon required. Just grab a piece and enjoy the deliciousness wherever you are. My mochi makes the perfect midday or after dinner treat. Feel joyfully chill with every bite of my mochi ice cream. Find my mochi ice cream at Target. Or visit my mochi.com. That's my MOCH I do com to locate a store near you.


This podcast is supported by FXs English teacher. It's a new comedy created by and starring Brian Jordan Alvarez from Paul Sims, the executive producer that brought you what we do in the Shadows. Love that show English teacher follows Evan, a teacher in Austin, Texas who learns if it's really possible to be your full self at your job. While often finding himself at the intersection of the personal, professional and political aspects of working at a high school. FXs English teacher is now streaming on Hulu. All new Mondays on fx.


You wanna watch your favorite TV shows and movies on a TV whose clarity, color, and contrast really shines through. You need Samsung Ole. Yeah. No, it's not some Swedish monster. It's Ole. Let Samsung OLED immer you with unbelievable details and picture quality. Their AI powered processor upscales your favorite movies and shows in brilliant 4K resolution. So even old content looks amazing. And our podcast has never looked better. I've seen my podcast in Samsung. oled, my face comes out through the screen. Oh, I'm there with you. Don't be afraid. That's what I really look like. This is the only OLED TV validated by the industry leading color experts at Pantone. You can experience colors as they're meant to be seen. They know colors at Pantone. One of my big pet peeves when watching TV is glare. I hate glare. I hate it too. Yeah. I have to wear sunglasses sometimes when I watch tv. But the oled, that doesn't make sense. X nine five D has ole glare free technology so you can watch with almost no glare. You know I'm a big gamer. I love me games. Yeah, I love my games. I love Sizzle Busters. I love playing Cosel Sizzle. Coel Sizzle. Oh, I'm really good at that one. I got to level nine. I visited the planet. I have Avadon Ga Ali. That's why I'm excited that the Samsung OLEDs Motion Accelerator delivers ultra smooth 144 hertz motion. And the AI auto Game Motel is your game settings to its genre. My video game skills have never looked better experience to be the way it's meant to be seen with Samsung oled. Visit samsung.com/oled to learn more. Upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experience may vary according to types of content and format


football's approaching. It's time to get in on the action early this season. What are your favorite NFL future bets? Do you have an NFL team? You like Sona? Well, I I like the Rams 'cause they're an LA team. but I also grew up liking the Raiders 'cause they were an LA team. Yep. But. It gets confusing in LA Yeah, it does. Teams coming. Team's going. Yeah. You know, I'm from Massachusetts, so I gotta go Patriots all the way. Yeah. Pants guy gotta go. Pets. I don't know why I did it in Chicago. Accent. No, neither da Pats. I got my brat and da Pats. I I'm saying Lions all the way this Year now. Detroit Lions. Okay. You like Detroit loins? I I do like the Detroit Lions. I don't know a lot about sports, but FanDuel makes it easy. So, you know, I I think I'm, I think lions all the way, man. Let's Do it. I I I'm wishing the lions well. Thank you. I like it when victory is spread around. Wow. Thank you. If it can't be the Patriots okay, then I'm, I'm happy for it to be the Lions All. Right, but and but not the Raiders. Not the Raiders No. Or the Rams? No. Oh, okay. Just you And I my 10 Because they're just running around. How do they might not even all The teams run around That's football. May not. No. They may not be in LA next year. Your team, they may come on. Yes, they go. You know what I mean? It's like an unreliable girlfriend. They be gone in a second. So feisty. Oh, they'll be the Catalina Catalina Rams. Oh wait, no, they're the Alaska Rams. Tons of different player props like passing yards, TD rushing and receiving total and more. Also great team markets like to make playoffs win the division in Super Bowl matchups. And you can probably together different picks for even bigger payouts. Yeah. Right now new customers can get $150 in bonus bets. If your first $5 bet wins, there's no better place to get ready for the football season than on FanDuel America's number one sports book and official sports betting partner of the nfl. Just visit fanduel.com/ Conan to sign up today. 21 Plus and present in Virginia. First online Real Money Wager only $5 First deposit required bonus issued as non-controllable bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


I have a question because you're in this, you know, extremely difficult situation and you've been dealt this hand, but you're still a married couple. I know from experience that there are things no matter what you're going through, couples have shit With each other. They have stuff that one does that drives the other crazy. I'm just curious from each of you, what, what does the other person do that drives you crazy? Oh, that's easy. Just saying no. Initially when she comes, comes up with an idea, it takes a moment for me to think about what she said and then I may reconsider. But that initial no boils her blood.


And she drives me nuts by not listening to my advice on something. And then it turns out that I was right. That's why I have this recording of her. One sec One, one sec. He has a gem here for you. Jules is Always Right. I should listen to him more often. Oh my God. So that is my AI cloned voice that he cloned while I was outta town. That's great. So yes, so right. Jules can play. Jules is right. I should listen to him more in your voice anytime he wants, Basically. And he does A question. If you guys ever get into an argument, Jules, are you always speaking in that wonderfully moderated tone that makes you seem so calm and in control?


And. it is that frustrating Maria. It's taken a while to adapt to it. He can still use his voice somewhat. And I mean the whole journey of experiencing him, losing his voice. Like, of all the things we've lost, that's the one that I always like. Ugh. And just, it it grips my heart every time. So it's taken a while obviously to adapt to communicating, but it's such a wonder to be able to still communicate. But yes, the other night, for example, I have a good example. He played, I was pissed off at him and he played a recording of something for me to help him out.


Like straighten his fingers or something. And I went, no, not with that tone. Absolutely not. Because I was pissed off And. it was such a chill, like, Hey, can you straighten my fingers please? And I was like, Uhuh. No, no, I'm no, absolutely not. And he is like, so yes, it happens all the time. Wow. And yes, we fight and yes, we're totally like, you know, all the things, all the couple things. Oh, he's, he's writing something. Yeah. Oh, I'm, I'm I'm prepared. Take your time. 'cause we can pull this all up. I'll edit it Out. Wait, you're editing this one? Oh no, no I'm not. Okay, nevermind. No, that's not me. That's Matt. Matt's gonna Edit it. You forgot what it is. You do. you get tape that matches your shirt.


That's what you do. you get edited All. right? He's ready to play it. Here we Go. This is my banked voice. So there is a lack of tone, but I have a few quotes from you that I use. So what you heard now is the banked voice. So that was generated off of those 300 phrases that he recorded back in 2020 right after he was diagnosed. And you can hear the difference between the more robotic, you know, kind of hy but not really. Versus the AI cloned voice, which is what he's been using thus far. So he has a bunch of banked phrases. He's gonna play a few of our, of our favorites. Okay. The fuck happened to me?


I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. What the fuck happened to me? I'm a good guy. Can be used for Hot ones. And. it can also be used for, you know, shitty situations. Like You're an Inspiration. Is that from Hot ones? I am fine. I'm perfectly fucking fine. Come On man. Are we doing this or not? Oh my God. Oh my God. Yeah. So that scream, Conan Scream is a, an actual scream that he uses to emote when he wants to scream.


Oh my God. It's a fun gag. And it's also useful. That's great. Incredible. When he's frustrated about something, he will literally do the Conan scream. So yeah. I I am, I'm destroying this marriage. Yeah. It's terrible to think of, of yet another, there's another woman out there who has to be listening to this bullshit in Matrimony I know. Oh my god, Liza, you need to have a therapy session with Liza. Or no, you need to have like a Sona voice ready To go. Yeah, Yeah. You know. Do me a favor guys. Take us through like a typical, you know, day in your life. What time do you wake up? What's your daily routine? I I I'd love people to know what your, what your experience is.


My daily routine starts around eight 30 in the morning. My wife removes my nighttime mask, cleans my mouth and gives me some water. Then she puts my daytime mask on and then I check emails or missed messages. She'll give me coffee in bed while watching some TV. Around nine 30, Monday through Friday our aid comes and we begin with some stretching. Before he places me in the chair, he helps me to the bathroom, And. then we shower in my shower chair. I'll come to the kitchen to have my morning meds and breakfast shake. After that, I go outside to our backyard to get some sun. I usually then come in and get transferred to my recliner. I'll stay here for a few hours, have a shake and stretch.


By the time he goes home, I am back in my wheelchair until my wife puts me into bed. Then some TV and conversation with her until she brushes my teeth, puts the night mask back on and fall asleep. And in a nutshell, that's, that's a lot for both of you and Maria. That's a lot for you too. And it is, is the aid how Did you find the aid. 'cause that sounds like a crucial person in your life through Yeah, through a family friend that recommended him. And so we started working with him about a year ago for the first three years. Really. It was, I was like, you know, and I'm still like the number one But.


it was all me 24 7 with some help here and there. Of course we have supportive family. But it really, when you get something like this, it's, it's us. It's just him. And I, figuring everything out. Truly getting the aid was amazing so that I, you know, there's, there's support Monday through Friday for a, a good chunk of hours. And then in the evening I take over again. And on the weekends too, it's a hundred percent me. So I'll, you know, take him to the bathroom, readjust him, put him in the recliner, do all the things. We have a wheelchair accessible van. So, you know, we don't go out a whole lot. We're cautious about, you know, energy and all that stuff. 'cause it's, it's a lot for him to just do life normally.


But we love going to like Marlin's games and if there's, you know, really good comedy show in town, we'll definitely go do that. But for the most part, we just flow here at home and make the most of, make the most of every day. But yeah, it's hard. It's hard, hard, hard. Yeah. I I I mean you're describing it. And I still cannot imagine. I don't, I don't think anyone can who hasn't been in that position. I'm curious, you mentioned, you know, comedy shows, things like that. What are your, what are your hobbies? What I know you do standup that you're working on, which I'm a big fan of. I think you've got better writing than I do. But what do you do?


What brings you joy these days? What do you do for fun? Well, I Used to teach before my diagnosis. Now I enjoy doing our podcast together and working on jokes with my good friend. The other thing that I enjoy doing is embarrassing to me because I picture the Golden Girls doing it Birdwatching. I love it. And I can't help it. Oh, that's great. I We've become those people. You were those people that Bird watch. Yeah, my Dad, we garden, we bird watch. My dad was a bird watcher and would used to say, who wants to come with me? Birdwatching, And I would go 'cause no one else would say yes. And I would feel God like, well, someone's gotta go.


And boy did I hate it. Marshes stink. They really do. Oh, all that methane. Oh, you mentioned the, the pod. I wanna make sure I get the word out on this. The name of of the podcast is the couple shift starting in 2019. You did it through the pandemic. It originally started be you really started the podcast because I believe it was, I'm wanna make sure I get this straight, but I think it was, was it you, Maria, who had left Corporate life? Yeah, I got laid off from a corporate job for many years early 2018. And then I was like, I don't wanna do this thing anymore. Let's, you know, shift out of that. He was a teacher at the time. And then, so I started doing my own thing and eventually he was having a really hard, that particular year for him was really excruciating.


And looking back on it, it was almost like intuitively we were led to readjust our lives in order to have a better situation for what we would end up experiencing in 2020. Because he chose to step out of the teaching career and basically support me and just work together on creating some new things. And we had lots of plans and goals of ways that, you know, whether we were gonna travel all these things with Skylar ba basically like shifting out of the rat race into what do we really wanna make out of our lives and not follow in the traditional footsteps. And then March of 2020 is when we first heard the words like, this could be a LS but thankfully a year prior to that, we'd had a whole year of really spending time together.


It was like really beautifully orchestrated because we, we, yeah, we love each other's company. We drive each other crazy, but we love each other's company. And so we got that time together. And then in March of 2020, when the first neurologist told us this could be a LS, we drove home in tears. And I. Remember when we got home, he said to me, I don't, no matter what happens, I wanna keep like sharing, I wanna keep telling our story. I wanna keep talking about this And I. I was like, absolutely. So the podcast, which we'd been doing yeah, since the year prior, we basically shifted it completely to talking about our life and a co as a couple parenting, all the things. And since then we've kept like shifting to the point where now the very last episode we dropped, it's the first time we tested out with his AI cloned voice.


So he edited together, you know, his responses and my responses. And so, you know, we cont it's a place that gives us a lot of joy and has been such a great space for us to bond and even work through things. You know what it's like, it's like when you talk things through Yeah. Just doors open up and we've seen it all and it's just become this incredible like chronicle of our lives over the past five years of everything that we've gone through. We've been very honest and vulnerable in it. We laugh a lot 'cause hello, I have this guy to keep me cracking up and yeah, so that's the couple shift. And we still record. We're planning on recording at least once every week with his AI voice now, which is the newest thing And I wanna Point out, once He got that voice, he was like, we were reinvigorated to do it again.


I Wanna point out or To keep doing it That Jules, you edit the episodes and you do it using this technology so you're editing with your eyes. Is that correct? Yep. I'm just gonna say Matt Gourley is always patting himself in the back for editing this podcast. No kidding. And and you got nothing on Jules. Matt. Fuck you Matt. Yeah. Fuck you. Thank you Matt. Fuck me. Fuck me in. I'm seeing here that it says it takes about a half hour to edit a 20 minute episode. I'm not even beating that record. Yeah, That's crazy. That's amazing. I think what we've learned here, Matt, is that you're fired. Yeah, I, Jules retired. Retired. Think retired. We're moving the podcast to Miami. Do You guys need an any help?


I'm a free Agent and Maria, I prefer you to Sona, so. Oh, but I just think she's amazing. You know, you know I know, I mean, and so don don't know. I see a whole shift in this podcast Now don don't think that's, and Eduardo you like dead weight too. Yeah. You know what Conan You too. Get outta here. The coat man. I was waiting for that too. Engineer for the, that's pretty much our time. Is there anything that you guys wanted to end on? Is there anything you'd like to say here at the, at the end of the episode? 'cause this has been by the way, extraordinary, this has been fantastic and funny and emotional and absolutely lovely. And if there's anything else you'd like to say, the floor is yours.


If there was one thing I would like to say that hasn't been said is that a LS does do one thing positive for my life. It has allowed me to appreciate the simple things. It has taken so much away from me, my wife and my son, but it's also given me the ability to stop and appreciate this world. That doesn't mean I'm always present, it just means I am always striving to be. That's beautiful. That's, I I I'll say it again. I think we've, we've talked numerous times over the last I know if it's been a year, year and a half. but I always walk away feeling like I've someone, like I've been bathed in a golden light, you know, of just gratitude and appreciation and you're both doing an incredible job.


It's very empty for me to say, I'm so sorry that you're dealing with this because I don't know what else to say. Words don't account for what you've both been handed, but you've done something really extraordinary with it. And you, you have my love, my respect. And we're thinking about you guys all the time. And thank you for gracing us on the podcast. It's just, it's beautiful. Thank you very much. Thank you guys so much. Truly. We appreciate you. And if I see any of that Conan merch behind you on eBay, I'm coming after you don don't Know, we might need a caregiver on the weekend, so we might have to hone this off and get some extra cash.


If I see that Bobblehead behind you on eBay, I'm coming and I'm coming. Hard All. right? You guys take care and I'll talk to you soon, All. right. And thank you for this episode. Yes. This is a, this is a fantastic, Lots of love to all of you, Conan and you guys brighten our days all the time, so we appreciate you deeply. You're part of our, part of our lives. You wanna say something else? Thank you for everything. Thank you for everything. We love you. Thank you guys. Thank you All. right. We love you guys. Take care. Bye-Bye. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sonu of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sacks, Nick Leal and Jeff Ross at Team Coco and Colin Anderson and Cody Fisher at Earwolf Theme song by the White Stripes, incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino.


Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer Samples Engineering by Eduardo Perez. Additional production support by Mars Melnick, talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista, and Brit Kahn. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan? Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded, This Has been a Team Coco production in association with Ill Wolf.


We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sunrises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more. Atlantic, Union Bank. Any way you bank.


Conan O'Brien needs a friend is brought to you by ADT. Lemme talk about ADT for a second, please. ADT spends all of their seconds helping protect all of yours. That's a cool idea. 'cause a lot can happen in a second. True Did. you know that. That's true. That is true. Like one second, your baby can't walk, then suddenly bang, they can walk. Except for me, I didn't walk till I was about nine. Oh yeah. We don't know what was wrong. Legs were fine. Apparently it was just a lack of will. You just chose Not to. Okay. No. One second. You're happily single. The next second you catch a glimpse of someone and well, maybe you don't wanna be single anymore. That did happen to me. Oh, I know it did. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And then years later, I met my wife. Oh, I love you baby. No, maybe one second. You have a business idea that seems like a pipe dream. The next you have an LLC and a dream come true. Wow. This whole second thing is really something. Yeah. And when it comes to your home, one second, you feel safe. And the next, well, even if something does happen, guess what? You can still feel safe thanks to ADT. After all, ADT is America's most trusted name in home security because when every second counts count on ADT. Isn't that nice? I like that. I like how that all came around. Yeah. I was worried for a while. It wouldn't get to ADT. I mean, I think ADT should be, she the one worried about it. But. anyway. Visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT as AP.