
Your next crime family Sock Obsession is coming this March to Paramount Plus Mob Land, an explosive new series from the underworld of Guy Ritchie Stars, Tom Hardy Pierce Brossman and Helen Meen go inside the Harrigan crime family who will stop at nothing to ensure they come out on top in a war that threatens to topple empires and destroy lives. New series Mob Land Streaming March 30th on Paramount Plus.


How hot do you like it? Firehouse Subs is churning up the heat. They've teamed up with hot ones to create two new sandwiches. The zesty garlic hook and ladder is the milder option. Can you believe that? Those still packed with flavor. And for the bravest spice chasers, the spicy dill hook and ladder sandwich is sure to be a three alarm ion. Well, Sona bla. You guys sampled the wares today. We did. You had yourself those hook and ladder sandwiches. How were they? They were Great. And they had a kick. Yeah, They did. I, I did the zesty garlic hook and ladder. Oh. And, and I loved it. I took a walk in the wild side with the spicy dill hook and ladder and it was great. I loved It. Well, I'm glad you guys enjoyed yourselves. Find out how hot you like it. Try the zesty garlic and spicy deal. Hook and ladder at Firehouse Subs. For a limited time, life doesn't go on forever. You gotta grab the moment, dude. Visit Firehouse subs.com to find a restaurant near you. Individuals sensitive to spice or the Carolina Reaper Pepper should not consume this spicy dill hook and ladder. Limited time at participating Firehouse Subs. Restaurants.


Hi, my name is Kaitlin Olson and I feel apprehensive about being Conan O'Brien's friend. Back to school. Ring Bell Brand Loose. Climb the fence friends. Hey there. Welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. I'm the aforementioned Conan O'Brien. Joined by some of Cession Hi Matt Gourley.


And we're just, I feel like we're already rocketing through 2025. Really? Yeah. Just rocketing through it. What do you mean? Just rocketing through? Could you explain what the hell you're talking about? Time accelerates is what I'm telling you. The more experience you've had in life, the less each single moment registers in your brain. So time actually accelerates. By the time I'm done speaking, we'll all be dead. I don't wanna die with you. No offense. It's the worst thing anyone's ever said to me. What a terrible thing to say. I'm sorry. Just my wife, my daughter. Oh, come on. They've seen enough of you. You may be the death of me.


Yes. Aw, there you go. Yeah, no, I just think 2025, man. Yeah, man. Love it. Yeah, we did it. We did it. We did it. We're just starting. We haven't done anything. Just beginning. Oh It. Oh, okay. It's just starting 2025. Yeah. We're a quarter on the way into this century. That's crazy. That's madness. We're in like a sci-fi year. 2025. Sounds like a future year, doesn't it? Yeah. You know, I used to think that the year 2000 sounded like a long time. This is when I was a kid. Yeah. People would talk about the year 2000. And then we did a bit, Robert Smigel, he, he came up with this idea for a bit called Year 2000, which we did in 1988 at the Victory Garden Theater in Chicago.


And then a couple years later when I got the late night show, we did it on the late night show in the year 2000, and still in 1993. It's getting a little squirrely then. But the year 2000 did feel like this kind of funny distant future. And then I'll never forget, it was 1999 and we were getting close to the year 2000 and we're doing the bit in the year 2000. And we didn't know what to do. I remember this, we didn't know what to do. And we were thinking, what do we do? And we were thinking maybe La Baba could sing in The distant future. Oh, weird. And we were like, no. And then we said, we're just gonna stick with in the year 2000.


And you talked about this on the show, right? 'cause I remember watching this and then sure enough, You know, sting would be on the show and it would be 2005. And I'd say, You know, Hey, maybe we should look to the future. And Andy had left at that point. So Sting, I'd do it with like whoever the celebrity was. And Sting would come through the, through the curtain, go the future Conan. And I'd say, yes, sting all the way to the year 2000 and it's 2005. Talk about, we just didn't deal with it. And so, but I remember when I was a kid, there was a show on starring Martin Landau, and I think his co-star was Barbara Bain.


I think it was a show that was made in England and it was called Space 1999. Oh. And it was the same thing where it was the seventies. And this syndicated show had come on. And this is back when nothing was on television. And so whenever something came on, you watched it. And I remember thinking, oh wow. Space 1999. And everyone on that show wore what looked to be like, what they'd give you to wear in on first class If you were going on a transatlantic flight. Everybody. And I thought somehow mixed with tennis leisure. Yes. Yes, exactly. So I just thought, in the future, we're all gonna be very comfortable and we're gonna live on the moon. And the future of course came along.


And really the big re cars kind of looked pretty much the same. They didn't rust, but they kind of operated the same. There's still a steering wheel. You're still driving on the same roads. You're not up in the air needed like they told us they would be. Real difference is that radio just turned to podcasting. Yes, Exactly. The only thing that really changed all this stuff, they told us Reagans were gonna be living on different planets. None of that happened. No one talked about You'll have a personal computer in your pocket. Yeah. And it'll also, that's a big one. And it, and it will also be a yes. But who, no one, none of us thought of No Star. And If you had told Stark kind of did, they had their little like, You know, Oh, Spock had a dry quarter.


Well, I'm famously, I'm a Star Wars guy. Okay, well I'm a star. I'm a Star Trek guy. Okay. And what I love is that Spock had, oh my, He's neither one guy. Spock. Spock had a, I'm a not nerd Guy. Spock had what looked like a, like a maybe a an a M FM radio. Yeah. But it had a little screen on it. And whenever they would go on the planet, it was a device that just did everything. Yeah. Called a tri-quarter or something. Yeah, tri quarter. That's, and he would just be like, they'd be like, Spock, what's up? And he'd be like, well, according to this, my tri-quarter, we're going to have a conflict with a major character in about eight minutes. Oh. You know, or I mean, it basically, it could tell you what you're having for lunch.


Yeah. It could, it could supply whatever the writers needed it to supply. Have you ever heard about in the Phantom Meac, You know, the first Star Wars prequel? GaN Jim played by Liam Neeson has this little, First of all, I could have finished this whole sentence for you, but Yeah. Kwun Jim played by Liam Meson. Kwun. Jim what? Jim. Jim, yes. Jim. And I know that, isn't it, there's no normal names in any of that. Hey Kwun, Jim. It's Kwun Jim who's popping the Cores. Meet, meet, meet Gli Henry and Scully Bow Sally. Anyway, well, he has this little machine to test Anakin's Midian count.


Don't get into it. And it's made from a woman's shaving razor. Oh, wait a minute. So George Lucas just said, we need a device And they just, I just took this from my wife's shower, Basically. Yeah. Wow. Oh no. Yeah. Okay. That's Pretty great, huh? What year was back to the future? The future? What year was That? Yeah, That just happened recently. Bla you've gotta know that Wasn't it. You've gotta know what When he goes to the future and back to the future. What year is that? Isn't it like it just Happened not too long ago? Oh, I think It's, I I do think it's 2023 maybe. Right. But I wanted to bring up, there's another thing. The Sonic Screwdriver. Nobody here is a Dr. Who fan. Right. 'cause I'm a Dr. Who fan Sonic Screwdriver. I wish Harrison Ford was here right now to tell you to shut the fuck up.


You just took us down. That's, that's Also a thing that does everything Eduardo. It was, it was 2015. 2015. That was 2015 Is when we were supposed have 10 years Ago. 10 years ago was, Come on. We really dropped the ball. Yeah. No, no. We had a jacket, dry jacket. I think this should be a Senate investigation into why we're not flying around. Because Yeah. Blade Runners also happened timewise too, right? Because they had flying cars in that No, every future sci-fi movie. I mean, now they're smart enough to say in the year 45, 72, they've picked a, they've picked a time when clearly humans will no longer be on the planet. Alien Was always good about that. They were far, far into the future.


Right. Early sci-fi. If you listen to old radio shows, they're like, that were made in the 1930s. They'll say by 1948. Yeah. And my favorite is, I listened to one once where they called Robot was still a new word. And they called it Rub Robot. Yeah. There'll be a rub. And the rabbit, we'll be a mechanical man named Gon Jim. Named gon Jim who will open the mayonnaise can for you. It was all very pedestrian. Well, I will say Eduardo, Oh, here we go. Just looked up The movie Her, which is everybody has an AI girlfriend takes place this year, 2025.


And we kind of do all that Ai girl, you're finally getting a mistress there. Really? Oh What? Wow. Whatcha are you talking about? You don't talk about Her that way. It's a victimless crime. Yeah. What do you mean? What are you talking about? He had a really special relationship with that ai. Yeah. But he didn't cheat on any ai but not with another person. And that's allowed, the Bible allows an exception if it's an AI girlfriend. Well, I mean, oh, come on. The Bible doesn't say Thou shul not covet Thy neighbors AI image. The Bible. We got around the Bible finally. I can cover it all I want as long as it's made of pixels and heel. Oh God. What? Did I get something wrong? Yeah. Heel. Did that cover it?


Heel, mixels and glaxos. Let me me Okay. Just refer you to this rap sign. Oh, Look at that. It's handwritten. How quaint. Clearly you've not visited the year 2000. No, I was in Haste. Alright, let's get into it. My guest today is a terrific actress, You know, from, it's always sunny in Philadelphia. And hacks. There were many years, Sona, where I would pass you at your desk. Yes. And I couldn't get you to do a goddamn thing. 'cause you were watching It's always Sunny on your computer. Yes, I was. Well, now she stars in the hit series, High Potential, which releases new episodes Tuesdays on a b, c and next day on Hulu. We're thrilled she's here today.


We adore her. Kaitlin Olson. Welcome. I've been acting like a fool since you Yeah. Since you came in the building. Yeah. A lot of dad jokes so far. Yeah. I Don't remember that Grandpa jokes at this point. I, that was my a material Oh, no. From 70 years ago. Hey. No, I, I've been so goofy around you for a reason. I'm a massive fan and I got giddy. Oh. And so then this toll drink of water comes walking in and I'm doing shtick left and right. And I've made a complete fool of myself. Yeah, you really did.


And, and, and You know what, I, I apologize, but it came from a place of great admiration and some drinking about an hour ago. Mm. I'll allow it. Yeah. I like that. Yeah, no, I like the explanation. I'm thrilled you're here. And I want to start by acknowledging, you have a crazy stalker fan here. Oh. In the, in the form of Sona Obsessive. Oh. Why Did you do that to her? Say it like Stalker fan. I'm a fan. I don't stalk you. That's Okay. I haven't seen her peeking around iTalk in my bushes. I'm just Oh, okay. But not of mine. Not, but not you're stalker. That's fine. No, I'm fine with both. Only Don Cheadle. It's true. It's just the guy I am throwing in the on, on the audio lately.


The point is that a number of years ago I was aware of Always Sunny when it was first starting up. And I would catch the show here and there. And I always think, this is really funny. I, I like these people. I like what they're doing, but a lot of other stuff is going on. And then I would come to work and Sonas desk, Sona, my assistant had was a shrine to it Wasn't a shrine. Do it Sunny. Just let him do it. I like it. I had a picture of the cast. You talked about it all the time. I Just, you're making me sound like a creeper. I had a picture of the cast and sometimes I would watch it at work when I should have been doing things for him. So he, he's a little resentful about It's happening.


Oh. But that's, but that's what got me more into the show because I would be asking Sona, You know, those pills I need from my heart to keep me alive. And she'd say whatever, I'm busy. And then I would see that she was watching Always Sunny at work. Right. Important. Yeah. Yeah. Right. So then we flash forward to my children. My son and my daughter get to a certain age. And I will say this about my kids. I don't brag about them much 'cause I'm not a fan. But they have excellent, excellent, excellent comedy taste. And they started from the beginning and they started binge watching Always Sunny. And then they pulled Liz and I into it.


And as a family, we started from the beginning and we knew that soon, like they're both going off to college. We watched all of them. Oh my God. All of them. I have not missed a one. Wow. And I was delighted because it's such an original comedic voice and voices. It's just coming at everything from a different angle and it's just delightful. And so that's where a lot of my giddiness came from today. That's so sweet. It's true. It's absolutely a hundred percent true. And, and then if you'd have the gall to go on and have all this other success outside of Sunny, I think it's, I think it's too much.


Oh, You too much success. Yeah. I thought you had, I mean, you hit it outta the park. Right, Right. Just be the girl on the one Funny show. Go home and take care of your kids. Exactly. Yeah. I get it. But then you're on hacks and you're fantastic. Thanks on that show. Thanks. Although your name on that show is eerily similar to JD Vance. God, that was. So we were like, are you, first of all, I came along first. You were first. I've never heard of this man. Right. Your First, I could not believe It. And your DJ Vance. DJ Vance. Oh my God. And anyone who's watching it later is gonna go, oh, what a corny take on JD Fans. Nope. No, we, no, it it stands for Debra Jr. Yeah.


And yeah. Well, His name is Debra Jr. Oh. Oh. Well then we did copy him. Okay. Yeah. J Junior. And then we are going to discuss your new show, which I watched yesterday, which is getting insane over the top reviews. Again, something I resent didn't seem mentioned of me anywhere in these reviews. I would be, because I'm not in the show and I'm not involved in any way. Right. But High Potential, which is an adaptation of a French show. That's right. It's a great idea. And you're fantastic in it. Thank you. And what I like about it is that it is a good, someone, I was trying to think about it after. It was like, it's, I wouldn't say it's a comedy.


It's a, it's a funny and at times very funny show. That's a very good crime show. And really smart. Thank You. And I thought everyone wants to label something now and say, well, my wife said to me afterwards, she's like, is it a comedy? And I said, it's not a comedy. It, it is not, it's definitely not a comedy. But you get to be very funny in it. And some of the situations are very funny, but it's also an excellent kind of one of those crime shows that is building a Rubik's cube and solving it in front of you. Yeah. Which was really cool. Yeah. Thank you. I appreciate that. That was, that was the goal. It was to really make sure that you believed the world and bought into the fact that there was something urgent and bad happening.


Yep. And that wasn't gonna happen if the rest of the world was funny. Right. So, yeah. Right. And also I was like, only I get to be funny on this show. You want me to do it. I only, I will utter funny things. I have made that rule here at the podcast many times. They're breaking it and it just doesn't seem to happen. No. They're breaking it. Yeah. I gotta come up with more good shtick. Yeah. At the top. There were a couple things that I realized about you today that I didn't know before, which is that you lived on Vaon Island. I did. My wife is from Seattle. Oh, she Is? She. Yes. And so I have wandered those islands Yeah. And spent time on Vaon. And that's a very end also Portland. That's a very special specific part of the country.


Yes. It's very Pacific Northwest. My parents were hippies. My mom's an herbalist. We like went fishing for salmon on the island for dinner. Yeah. And then we moved to like outside you say Portland, which is like, that was the big city. 20 minutes away. We lived int Oregon. And If you were hungry, you went outside and, and You know, grabbed some whatever was ripe. Wash it off with the hose. Yeah. So when I, we Were, we were very, You know, we were, it was just the four of us living off the land. When I met my wife, she had moved to New York and she'd grown up in Seattle and You know, she'd only been in New York a short time.


And we start dating and then I'm going to, oh, we're, we're invited to an event. I'm doing the late night show. And I invite, You know, my, this new woman I've met, I'm in love with. Like, oh, I'm gonna bring her to this event. And she would say, okay, let's go. And she only had fleece. And you, she'd be like, I've got this Patagonia. Yeah. I've got this. I can put on my Timberland boots, I can put on this nicer fleece. And I'm like, it's kind of black. Th like, I'm wearing a tux. And she's Like, I've got sandals. Yeah. I can put on the good sandals. And it was, there was a moment where I was like, we need to, we need to talk. It's gonna work. We need to talk about the fleece only.


Not everything's a fleece vest and a baseball cap. Yeah, That's Right. But the other thing too was I would say I'm Irish Catholic Boston. So everything for me, and Sona has witnessed this many times, which is I need to eat a massive hams. I've tried to change, I think I have changed. But my go-to was always a meal involves a massive piece of ham meat. Yeah. And potato. Yes, yes. And mayonnaise. And it has to be this big thing that you then sit around and digest. Like a bank vault in your stomach. Yeah. That was robbed too. Yeah. I retrained him. Yes. So my wife, I'd show up at the time, she was my girlfriend. And I would show up at her tiny apartment and I would say, Hey, Brought a ham.


And I'd say like, yeah, I'd say I'm wearing a ham. I had a hat that was made that just had hams around it. I would show up in her apartment, I'd say like, I, Hey Eliza, I I'm really hungry. Are you hungry? And she'd say, I ate. And I'd say, oh, you ate? And she'd be like, yep. I had half a pair. And then I had some walnuts and then I had some antioxidant juice. Oh yeah. It's, I gotta meet, meet Lady that Pacific Pacific Northwest. I bet her gut health is just top shelf. Yeah. Well she's a massive fan of yours, so she would be thrilled that that to, to meet you someday. But you say that you had to, you had to retrain Rob? Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.


Yeah. He, it was just all, first of all, I, I don't know that they, that fresh vegetables existed on the east. I think it was just all cans and frozen stuff. Apparently I Never saw a vegetable. Yeah. I think until after Reagan was in office. Right. I didn't believe him. I was like, that's not possible. Like it's, it's, but no, it, it was all they had like, You know, lima beans and steak and ma always a, always a potato of some kind. Yes, yes. God forbid you leave the potato out a meat, a potato and some bagged rewarmed vegetable. Yeah. Yeah. We, that's interesting. And so how long did it take to retrain Rob? Not long. 'cause I love cooking and he was like, oh, what's this? Oh. And one time I asked if he liked eggplant 'cause I was gonna do like an eggplant parmesan.


He was like, I oh no, I was gonna do some eggplant thing that wasn't eggplant Parmesan. And I just ruined the whole story. And he was like, yeah, I, I I love eggplant. I was like, great. So I made, so I don't remember what it was. We were still dating. It was eight, 800 years ago. Yeah. It was before the printing press. Yeah, that's right. And he ate it and he just wasn't eating it. I was like, what? You don't like eggplant? He was like, I swear this is not what eggplant taste like when I was growing up and he had eggplant Parmesan, it was just like beaten to a pulp and just mostly fried breading. Yes. It's Breading and cheese. Yeah. I was like, that's not the eggplant part. Yeah. No, no, No. That's the heart attack part. If you, If you hit a vegetable in heart attack sauce, I was fine with it.


You know, Everyone is. Yeah. Yeah. Everyone is. But it's just Now he loves a fresh vegetable, I will say. Oh. And I've completely changed. Yeah. It's the same. I mean, this is interesting. I I I was, I wanted to talk about this initially just for saying, 'cause it, I realized we've had a similar experience, but I had the same thing happen to me, which is now I'm like, I would like a salad. Please. You're opposite. Yeah, him too. He's like, he he'll look at, at what his friends back east eat and he's just like, how are they not all dead? And why are they wondering why I look good? And they don't. Right. They all look like 75-year-old men.


Doy. I love them. I wanna make that clear. I love all of them.


Airbnb, man. That's what kids are doing now. Yeah. Bla you like your Airbnb, don't you? Yeah. It, it's great because when I go on a, You know, I'm gonna go back to Michigan for about three weeks. Yep. And my place is just sitting there empty. Might as well make some scratch. Why not? Yeah. Scratch is money, right? Like Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Great. Right. Some greenbacks. And it's nice because you're gonna go stay in Michigan. That's right. Where you're from. But why not make some money off your pad? Exactly. I'm staying with my mom. No one's staying in my place. Let's, let's, let's get some money from it. And it's A good feeling to know that your place is being used, it's being enjoyed and you're getting paid for it. Yeah. And I got a cool place. Yeah. You know, like, I, I went to this bachelor party last year in Miami. Remember when I went to that bachelor party that was I heard it was Wild. And I, I wasn't even invited. I just was, I saw that there was a bachelor party and I went in. I have nobody my age getting married. Amazing. Yeah. And it was so great. But I made sure that I rented out my home, You know, before I went to the bachelor party that I wasn't invited to. And it was a good feeling. Great. Made some money. Not a great feeling to be asked to leave the bachelor party. Yeah. Think about it. If you host while you're traveling, it's a great way to offset some of the costs of your trip. And if you've got a big year of travel ahead of you, hostings a Pretty cool and unique way to make some money back. And then you can buy that special travel purse you want. Or man, bagg or Yeah. Purse 2025 is the year to be financially savvy. So don't leave money on the table when you travel. Your home might be worth more than you think. Find out how much at Airbnb dot com slash host


This bracket season. FanDuel is letting you make the call. 'cause right now, new customers can get $200 in bonus bets when your first $5 bet wins. You hear me? That's 200 extra binos to bet on. Everything from CLT shots to last second heartbreaks and even who's cutting down the nets. If you've been waiting to join, there's no better time. There's turn action not slang for tournament almost every day. And FanDuel has amazing be types like spreads totals, game props and so much more. I know all about this. You do. Oh, I'm a real, it sounds like it. I'm a real Beto. I I'm, I'm excited because Michigan State, which is my team, I I think they're gonna go all the way. They're number one in the big 10. Yes. Yes. Let's go all the way. You know, don't shake your Head, Eduardo. Listen, you are all Michigan. All the way. You're always That's right. Ever since I've known you, which is like 20 some odd years. That's right. You've been babbling about Michigan. This Michigan that. You gotta try a Michigan soup. You gotta have Michigan pizza pie. I love it all. And, and, and so Yeah. I say with FanDuel, Michigan State all the way. Let's go baby. Go Drink. Yeah. Your favorite murderers are from Michigan. Anyway. That's true. Also, soup Visit FanDuel dot com slash conan. Get in on the college hoops action. All turny long turn is short for tournament. Must Be 21 plus. And present and select states for Kansas in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus and present in DC. First online Real money wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued as non withdrawal bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fan dual.com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Visit md gambling help.org in Maryland.


This message is brought to you by BetterHelp. Quick question. Who's your support system? Have they changed your life? You know, it's, it's really important to talk to people. We live in very tense times. Yeah. And there's a lot of stress out there. And it, I think a few things work better than talking to someone, getting the anxieties and everything that's inside of you out. Get it out on the table. Think about your favorite leaders, mentors, idols. They don't have all the answers, but they do know when to ask questions or seek support from their community. So therapy can be a source of support for any area of your life. It's time to shift the focus from doing it all to knowing that we're better when we ask for help. Are you good at that? Sonic good at asking for help. Asking For help. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a very outward person. That's Yes you are. Yeah. And it's a good, but that's a good quality. BetterHelp is fully online making therapy affordable and convenience. Serving over 5 million people worldwide, you can access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Easy switch therapists, anytime at no extra cost. And that's important. Yeah, it is. You don't feel awkward about moving on. It's not the right fit. Yeah. This month BetterHelp is giving you the biggest discount on starting therapy that has ever been offered on this show. 90% off your first week. Your wellbeing's worth it. So don't miss it. For a limited time, visit BetterHelp dot com slash conan to get 90% off your first week. That's BetterHelp. HE p.com/conan.


Can I geek out on, it's always sunny for a second And ask, how much improvisation are you guys doing? It's, first of all, it's the 17th season. Yeah. Really weird. Really strange. Because It all began so improbably. Yeah. And I know you've talked about it a million times, but you literally just went out, which is my favorite comedy, is let's make ourselves happy. And now it's 17 years later. Yeah. That's a good life lesson. That philosophy goes towards auditioning too. I was always auditioning before that, You know, reading the description of the character and trying to figure out exactly what they wanted and going in and, and doing an audition that I hoped that it was what they were looking for.


It doesn't work like that. You gotta go and like, do your best version of whatever you think it is and make yourself like, I I my, it turned into my only goal rather than like going over the lines in my head 8 million times Was just have fun. Just have fun. If you say a couple different words, who cares? It's fine. Just have fun. It's the only way it works. And then I started booking stuff. 'cause you didn't really make other people happy. It doesn't, that's not possible. There's too many of 'em. We all start out in that situation where we're trying to make someone happy and you're told Yeah. They someone it went to someone else. And you think it's a judgment on you. Totally. When it really isn't. Not at all. Because in this town and in this business, I was trying to explain to people they're seeing 10,000 people and they might, you might have come in and nailed it in some way.


Absolutely. But you're a little taller. Or more often than not, they've already, they've already offered it to someone else. Yeah. You're going in and, and spending days working on this thing. Blow drying your hair, putting makeup on, driving to that lot, walking across the lot in a hundred degree heat. You look like shit. By the time you get there, you do your best. And all the while they're just waiting to get a phone call that the person they offered to is accepting or rejecting. And then they've got backups. So they're, and they're gonna keep offering it. And then if no one accepts it, then they're gonna turn to these auditions. It's crazy. There were so many auditions where I was like, I felt so good about that. And plenty of auditions that I hated. 'cause I, it just, I would get anxious and be weird.


Yeah. Like, that's not what I was meaning to do. Yeah. But now being on the other side of it, I'm like, oh yeah, you're, you've already offered it to someone else. We Auditioned like thousands of people to be Conan O'Brien on Conan O'Brien needs a friend. When we knew all along, it was gonna be me. Yeah. That's so mean. It was, everybody had to do their hair like that. And I was behind, I was behind a one way mirror and I was just laugh. I was laughing. Yeah. We were laughing. I was laughing. Honestly. Trying to replace you though. So I was just laughing and drinking caramel out of a big picture. Warm caramel and laughing. And it was running down my face in the next one. Why? I don't know.


I'm broken inside. Caramel Or caramel. I'm a caramel person. Didn't you say caramel? Caramel. Caramel. Is anybody caramel? I think I say caramel. Unless I think Caramel. That's a city. I think I know. I think I even say that. But if I think about it, I'll say it. Right. Same with crayon and cran. Oh no, I'm caramel. No Idea what you're I'm caramel. No, no, no. I'm not the city. I'm the candy. I'm Monte. Wait a minute. You're saying it correct. I understand what you're saying. I don't know what's happening with you. What you're saying. I say caramel, gar, gar. No, he wants caramel. Caramel, caramel. Differently Caramel. There we go. I don't even hear the difference of Caramel Carmel. I don I think of saying that 'cause I'm conscious of it, but I I say what you say and that goes For life.


You know what, this is going to end up being the caramel. This will be the moment that trends. Yeah. You gonna get a lot, A lot of feedback that way. I have a, a strong feeling. I'm wrong. I think it might be caramel. It's It's caramel. It's caramel. All right. Or it's caramel. Caramel. Everyone's nodding. Maybe it's, Maybe it's a, it's probably an east coast thing. What are you say? Oh, east coast, west Coast. I say caramel. Oh, Caramel. That's weird. I'm upset. I think we're done. Caramel. I think I should go. Am I saying that weird? No, you great. I say things weird. You sound great. Weirdly. Weirdly. Thank you. No, I say things weirdly like I have a hard G at the end of my words. Yeah. Don't You say everything. Everything. Oh, everything. Everything. Yeah.


Everything. Everything. Wrong, wrong. She says, oh, you're wrong. Oh. And it just drives me crazy because first of all, I'm never wrong. Right. Because you're never wrong. It's wrong to say wrong. Wrong. Okay. All right. Listen, I'm, let's just move on. As The captain hate everybody, I have to pilot us back to safer waters. Hate every thank you's. Captain next Conan O'Brien. I do think, I do think that there is a beautiful lesson too. It's always sunny, which is you, it's like-minded people got together and said, we're gonna make something that doesn't fit any mold. We are going to please ourselves. I don't think this is going to work, but we like doing this. Yeah. And it became, and, and the other thing is, it cannot be copied.


Right. No one else can do what you guys are doing. And there's so many different levels to it. It's, it, I mean, because It's Rob, Charlie, and Glen. I mean, it's just like, and I just feel like I absolutely hit the jackpot on the show. It's exactly what you said is how I feel. I mean, we, we go in there, we have directors and a lot of them are our friends and they're wonderful. But at the end of the day, somebody else cut and we just gather and like what we like. And you keep that and you keep that and I'll do this and then we go again. Yeah. And it's, it's great. Well, my, as I said, my kids have, they have superb comedy taste and they clearly No, no. They really, no, I'm, I'm, I mean, I could list all the shows they like, and it's their, they take it really seriously.


Their, they don't watch my stuff, which again, they're batting a thousand. Okay. But they, there's so many things that just kill them. One was that I think you guys, the gang had some idea and one of you said, who's it against? Yeah. Yeah. And, and, and it wasn't against anybody. And you, you none, we couldn't take that. None of you can understand the idea of it's not against somebody whose face Are we shoving it into. Yes, exactly. And it was, I don't know. It's such a funny, I know those characters so well now. And it is such a funny conceit that they're, they will unite to defeat and humiliate someone else. Yeah. But someone could have a brilliant plan where you guys make a billion dollars.


But if it's not against somebody That's right. No one's in No, It's not interesting. Yeah. So Oh, So stupid. I love it so much. I'm very impressed with your kids. And I have a 14 newly 14-year-old now who's been sneaking scripts and reading them for years. And we will pull up clips that he can watch. But he's so, and now he's just like, I mean, he's 14, so now he, he's seen probably half the episodes. He's completely obsessed. So my but not mature enough to be able to like go out into the world and speak like that. So he'll say things and I'm like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh boy, we will fine tune this. And one day you'll be so funny. But that's not something to say at school.


So. And Dennis, please. Yeah. Let me explain. He's probably a rapist and murderer. But it's funny because, oh God, yeah. That's, it's just like times where it's not even explained No. What something will happen and, and Danny DeVito's character will, like a gun will drop out. Oh yeah. And you're like, why did he have a gun? And it's not addressed why he had a gun. No. It's not necessary. No. It just fell. But yeah, I, there's so many different layers there. And, and I do think, I had this thought a long time ago when I was as, as the, the old man here when I was young, the show that really lit me up was SCTV because they put, You know, SNL was the big thing.


And then SCTV was this other show that they really crafted and it had all these different layers and they put all these little smart weird runners in there Yeah. That you had to pick up on. And they didn't even know that anybody in America was watching it. We only saw it 'cause it bounced off of a antenna in Buffalo, New York. And we managed to get it at my dad, at my grandfather's little cottage in Miss Kwaku. And my brothers and I would watch it and go, this is, it's something that always Sonny does and certain shows do it where they put these little things in there and I think they're talking to me. Yes. Yeah. They are You. Yeah, exactly. And it's a conver it's a conversation. You guys are having a conversation with me as a viewer. And I feel not only respected, but like, you're pulling me in on the secret.


Yeah. Which is a beautiful thing. Yeah. I love That. Charlie does that a lot. Well, he'll just improvise some kind of throwaway thing that's like a current event thing that it's just so funny and it gets left in there and we don't ever explain. It has nothing to do with the episode. And it's just, that's what I think of when I when you say that, it's like someone's gonna pick up on that and understand what he's talking about. Or he'll just make a quick reference to something from 60 seasons ago that somebody, like some people will get. But the intelligent part I think is what's so great. 'cause there are a lot of comedies that, that make me laugh. A lot of character driven stuff that, You know, I admire the character someone's doing, but the writing is so smart. And I can tell when someone hasn't seen it, if they have something negative to say about it, usually online. 'cause they didn't get it.


Like, it's like, no, no, no. You, you watched a clip and you think, You know what it is. 'cause we're making a a, a commentary. Yes. Yes. A bunch of dumb narcissistic psychopaths are, but the writers are making commentary. So obvi either you're too dumb or you didn't watch the episode. I think it's cool to get to a place which you've clearly gotten to where you can, you've, you can have your cake and eat it too. I mean, between hacks and Always Sunny and this, I mean, you've, you've gotten to really own this comedy space and then there's some part of you that said, I'd like to do this. That is not, it's not a comedy. You're, I I don't, you can't not be funny in things.


And you are funny. This character's funny, but it all comes off the character. Yeah. She's human. She's Human. Yeah. And, and the other characters I play really aren't human. I mean, they're not multifaceted characters. This is just a, there's a way to still be a, a, a grounded, hardworking woman with children and be funny. I think I can, I can quickly set up, it's a terrific idea for a show. I know it's, it's it's adapted from this French show. But the, the series, and this isn't giving away too much, but it opens with you getting up at four in the morning. We don't know. We don't know what you do. It's clear you don't have a lot of money.


You go to work and you are getting dressed and you're getting a big trash can and cleaning supplies. And it's clear that, oh, you're a woman who cleans up in the middle of the night. And then it's revealed, it's clear that you're cleaning up at a, A Bullpen. A bullpen and a police station. And then you knock into a box and all this stuff spills over and you're just cleaning it up, Jerk the headphones off, music stops, jerk The headphones off. And you're just gonna clean up this stuff in its evidence. And your character has a gift. You're cleaning, but you also need to make sense of things. And you're highly intelligent and you start just quickly. And it basically leads to your character is very good.


And as kind of a savant at seeing these patterns. And you start to help the police kind of against Yeah. Get up kind of against their will. Oh yeah. Get up and go to their case board and cross off suspect and write victim under one woman's picture. Yeah. I I always think pilots are next to impossible because in a pilot that's so hard. 'cause in a pilot episode, you need to lay out so much information that there's so many times that I've watched pilots and it's ding-dong. Hello. Hi. I am here and I'm your neighbor. Remember me? Yeah. I'm your neighbor. And guess what, we Don't like each other. You know, we Don't like Yeah. I don't like you since that time you stole that, You know, whatever. Because You know how you like to steal things.


I guess I'm the Steeler and then music. It's terrible. But No, but no, that's a show I actually wrote. Oh, I'm Sorry. But she was laughing 'cause she thought it was so funny. So it's funny. Right. It's nine years on WB slash U pn. But anyway, when they were united I made hundreds of dollars on the Steeler. But, but this pi this pilot is a very good episode. I wanted people to wanna come back like you. I could tune into stuff all the time where I'm like, yeah, it was great. And then I don't have a desire to come back for whatever reason.


And I wanted you to really fall in love with this woman and who she is and be compelled to figure out. 'cause we, I drop a thing at the end of the first episode and I want people to buy into that and wanna figure out what Yeah. What is that all about? That's, Yeah. And I have to say, drew Goddard wrote that script and I was not interested when they came to me and wanted to have lunch. I was like a b, c hour long drama. No, thank you. And my agent was like, no, you're gonna go have lunch with them. And I was like, what did you just say to me? He was like, it's good. You're gonna read it and you're gonna have lunch and I'm gonna make you 'cause I think you're gonna really wanna do it. I just had no interest in, in, well first of all, working for a network. I'm, I'm very spoiled on fx. They let us do whatever we want Right. And say whatever we want. And I have a hard time with executives who aren't creatives telling me what I can and can't do because I, I, again, it goes back to it.


It's all fine. And it, it works. And a lot of people are fine with that. I just am so blessed to be in a position where I wanna show up and have fun with my life that's at home and at work. I don't wanna do something that is, I, I just want everything to be great or just I'll wait and, and wait until something comes along that I can make special. So I was very gun shy. And then I read his script and was like, oh, I'm, I'm, I think I'm in. And then I'd have to point out that Alithea Jones directed that episode and she was absolutely incredible. So one of the ways that you see my character solve things is what we call Morgan Vision and kind of these like flashes of what she's putting together in her brain. And I was really nervous about those. 'cause I was like, my mind went to like a horrible reenactment on a bad a and e crime show where there was like someone who kind of looks like the murderer walking up.


I was like, oh God. I just was very scared of the Morgan vision stuff. And I told her that and she was like, that's the stuff I'm most excited about. And I was like, okay, walk me through that. She just did such a tremendous job with that pilot. Also, some of the imagined recreations are really funny. Yeah, yeah. You know, because It's just what's going on in her. Yeah. Your mind. You're, you're thinking of serious things like how a murder happened. Yeah. But then there are these aside where you're thinking of other possibilities that are actually really good site gags that are funny and they're quick, Just Like quick pop pops really quick. It's interesting to me. 'cause I would think what you wanna do, it's that old phrase like you're playing with house money. And I think sometimes in sports, if, if a team has, if they know that they've, they've got it.


If they know that they're going to the Super Bowl or something, they play differently because they, or or conversely, if they feel like we got nothing to lose. Yeah. And it's nice probably to be in a part of your career where you feel like, nah, I want to have fun. Yes. I wanna have a good time. Yeah. It's, there's a f quite a freedom in n having, knowing that I really would walk away if it was not up to the quality that I wanted to put out there. 'cause it's, that's not like a threat. It's just really like, no thanks. I mean thank you so much for thinking of me, but I don't, I don't Yeah. Yeah. It feel, and I know that it'll be perfect If you walked out on this podcast right now. Oh Yeah. I should have done that. And away from My TV show.


And guess what, this is not up to my Yeah, yeah. It's not too late. We still got 10 minutes. I was gonna say, I then we could put in a car starting noise. Oh Yeah. Tires screeching Me calling my agent. It's interesting 'cause when you put something out in the world and you're, and you're seen a certain way, fans react to you in a certain way and for so many years as d people know you a certain way. Oh yeah. And that is not who you are. No, but I've, but I, I heard this anecdote once that the three stooges, the actual people who were the three stooges that, You know, the Mo Howard and Larry and whatever, when they would go out in the world, people who were fans would come up and slap Them, Slap them, hit them.


Do the eye poke, get your fingers Away from my eyes. Yeah. Because they, they were like, no, no, I love you. Hey curly. I love, love. And they would, and they would jab them in the eyes and it was a huge problem for them. They're so stupid. I'm, but I'm thinking If you are, there's, there's part of DI mean, you're this very attractive, cool actress. Well see Conan. Well, You know what I mean? No, you're, you're, you're, you're I do now. So I don't know where Rob is right now. Feels like he's not showing you the proper attention. I just, I'm sorry. That's Right. Put it on Rob. Yeah. Yep. He's off somewhere eating a potato. I know. And I'm here talking to you about how attractive you are, you and talented as an actor and what a career you've had.


And I don't know, I, I don't know If you have that syndrome where people come up to you and they're Oh yeah. De a bird. Bird. Shut up. Bird. A lot. A lot of Shut up bird. Mostly shut up Bird. Yeah. On a daily basis. And you're like with your kids. Yeah. They love it. But they think it's the best thing in the world. Like Scott Sona. I bet you've done that. Have you screamed? I'm shut up for I was gonna yell. Hey bird, shut up when you walked in. And I was like, I Shouldn't, I, yeah. I love it. I wasn't gonna do that. The most fun is when people do it in the comment section of whatever social media. And then I have so many fans jump on it and be like, you think she has heard that before? You know, she's other things that I'm like, I find it hilarious. It doesn't bother me at all. Calling someone a bird is so not an insult.


It's the stupidest. Don't you love it when people come to your defense on social media for something that didn't need defending? Yes. I'm like, they're calling me a bird. Who cares? I think we, but I was very worried. Very worried is maybe a little strong, but I did have a lot of thoughts about like, oh, I bet this show, this show might let a lot of my so fans down or my, the Mick fans down who just want me to do hard comedy ball To the wall. Kind of. Yeah. Just tell Dick and ball jokes all day long and set people on fire. You know, that's all anyone wants from me. Right. And have men yell at me and call me a bird. So I was like, oh. Or I don't know how pe like the general public is gonna receive this.


I feel like I've got the moms and grandmas with this one, but people are really liking it, which I'm Happy about. The Reviews has been great. Yeah. Yeah. They really have. And it's okay. I guess we're all human. So when you're waiting around need to take a shit. When you're waiting, why do you always take us into the gutter? There's something for the old fair. There you Go guys. There you go. Foun. And they're like, Hey there she's back. It started to get real serious there, but then it was, okay. Again, D is back. No, but You know, I, there's this, the uninitiated or people who wouldn't know would say, oh, by this point, You know, you wouldn't worry what people would say.


Of course you would. Of course I would. Yeah. Oh Yeah. Well you must be very happy 'cause it's, people are loving it. I was, oh yeah. The, even filming the pilot between filming the pilot and watching it. When I got it, I didn't watch it right away. I was so nervous. I was just like, I really enjoy being in control. And I felt very out of control with this one. 'cause I just, it's a different genre and just a lot of trust. And like I said, I mean, I'm just used to 17 seasons on a show where we're all doing it together. This was me just trusting this woman and I'm very glad that I did. She was incredible. But yeah, I care. I care very much. And I was scared to show it to Rob. Rob's the harshest critic I've ever met in my life.


And when he liked it I was like, we did it guys. We Did it. Now would Rob, okay, this is interesting because this is someone who is your comedic partner, but also your life partner. Brutally honest, Brutally honest. Doesn't, brutally honest. Doesn't matter if we're married. Yeah. Wow. He wouldn't be cruel about it, but he'd say something like, oh no, You know what he would do? He would give me a million notes even though it was already finished and edited. He would give me so many notes. Right. You're like, no, it's on t we're watching it on Televis, we're on television right now. It's airing on ABC right now. He's like, no, no, no, no. Just trust me. Just call the editor For reruns. Yeah, that's right. Never give up.


That's a fascinating dynamic. It's Very true. Yeah. Yeah. But he liked it. When I show my wife things that we're gonna do, I mean, she's, she wouldn't say, oh, that's bad. But I can tell She's smiling, nodding. She's Got very, You know, Liza has these beautiful big eyes and sometimes they're, They get sad there. There's a little sadness in them even though she's smiling and I know. Yeah. And I'm like, no, this isn't good. And then she goes to her closet and pulls out one of 70 fleeces she has now Because she's Ruin in d All she did was go get She. Yeah. It's my Gucci fleece. I love Liza. Gucci Is great.


Yeah. Yeah. She's, oh my god. She flies to Paris and has fittings and then comes back and it's still a fleece vest. And she puts the Patagonia label over the Gucci label. Just smells like perfume. Yeah. Yeah. And then she says, let's go get some cured salmon Hang out by the water. Sounds Great. Yeah. Well that's, that is amazing that you have figured that you two have that dynamic. Yeah, It's, he's, he's, he's, Can you do it with him? Can you look at his stuff? Can you look at Rob's stuff and say, Yeah. Ooh. Good question. This is gonna sound super lame. I, I think Rob's got incredible taste, so there's not really anything he's made that I haven't liked.


But no, that's not my personality. I think I would find things, I do that thing where you go see a friend in a play and you have to find things that you liked about it. 'cause they're acting sucked. And then you just give him those things. I do that. I hope you've seen more than one person in a play because they're gonna know, I've only seen one play in my life. Shoot. Oh no. Yeah, It was three weeks ago. I only have one friend And it was her best friend in the world. Oh No. Yeah. Jenny Tyler is Gandhi. Jenny. Jenny. I shave my head. Your head. You have a very round head. Jenny. That part where you're not eating was Really Probably really good for your diet.


Yeah. Tyler is, Well she's, It's playing on Highland. Go see it. Don't See it. It's at the Cornet Theater. Check it out. Well, it is. It is a delight. It's a delight. It's my, my favorite thing is when I'm, and I've said this a million times, but there are days where I'm coming in to talk to somebody who I am a big fan of and kind of giddy to see. And I also know that first thing I'm gonna be doing when I get home is texting, You know, my kids. Oh. And saying, guess who I was with today?


And then I get points. So, oh my God. That's the best Compliment Seriously. Yeah. And You know what? The show probably premiered before Beckett was even Born. Well, that's, that's the other thing. Yeah. That's the other thing too, is that my daughter's 21. My son is newly 19, and they, I always liked evergreen comedy. I always liked comedy. That doesn't, that doesn't live off of. This happened today and we're commenting on it. That was my favorite stuff. And I always wanted to make stuff that maybe would be funny if someone found it 30 years later. Yeah, definitely. It's always sunny the fact that my kids are binge watching it and to know every single twist and turn. That's So what's the family? You guys have the, the, the rivalry with Mc Coyles?


Yes. Oh my God. The Best. It's the best when, oh God, they're the best. It's reali the episodes where you realize at the end it's them and they just run away. And you're like, this, okay, none of this adds up. So stupid. It's so stupid. But my life has been spent trying to prove to people that there is an intersection between stupid and smart. Yes. And it's, it comes and goes and it's hard to find. And it's like the Northwest passage, You know, many lives have been lost looking for it, but I believe in it with all my heart and Yeah. And it's hard to do. Yeah. And so when you find it, it's, it's special. So that's a big compliment. Thank you. Well, congratulations on your new show.


High Potential. And I watched it on Hulu. Yeah. But you should, and, and is Hulu the win? Or is it's also on a, B, CAB, C and Hulu the next day. Yeah. It's just very smart and fun to watch and fun to watch your character, who is also very funny, but grounded in reality, figuring all this stuff out. And I'm a true, I'm a, I'm a crime fan. So when you were putting down Yeah. These true detective shows. Yes. These recreation shows. I live off of those. Okay, Good. Good, good, good. Same. Yeah. And one of my, it really is my favorite compliment, which is happening a lot now because we're in our 17th season where grownups will come and say, my kids are now old enough to watch Sonny.


And we watch it together as a family. And it's, it's our show that we watch as a family. And now that my kids are 12 and 14, I'm like, oh, I get it. There's only like a co I feel like there's only a couple more years left where we will all wanna watch stuff together. Yeah. And you're just holding onto it. And I'm like, whatever show you guys want. Yeah. Like, yes, let's get popcorn and watch it on the couch together. We are. I was shocked because my wife, who is an amazing mom, did an incredible job, was so sensible and really careful about No, no, they can't eat this because I did read that. Has a little bit of zinc in it. She and I really need to be best friends. Yeah. Yeah. But, but, and she also, but she very quickly said, no, always sunny.


The kids can watch, always Sunny. It's, it's fine. And then she, without my knowledge or permission, she hyper jumped to Veep. Oh. Oh. And I come home and she and my daughter and my son are watching Veep. And Without you. Well, there Yeah. I wasn't there. I was doing something. I was out Alley Cat. You know me. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I wanna die with needs. I understand, Man. You know, whatever. She's over Talking about minuscule levels of zinc. Yeah. It's very unattractive. Yeah. So anyway, I'm out doing what a guy does. Yep. And Rob knows what I'm talking about. And so, 'cause I see him at the same post. Sure, sure. We high five and No, but I, come on.


They're watching And Veep Veep is, there's whole runs in Veep, which is like, I'm gonna take your balls and shove them up. Your asshole so far that you choke on the cu that comes out your ears and dribbles down your, You know, it's like insane. Yes. And she was like, yeah, but it's funny. And I'm like, it's funny. But I, I told Julia Louis Dreyfus, who I know, I told her like, You know, Liza's letting the kids watch Fe? And she's like, what? I know. I know. Beep is another step beyond. It's a step up. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, listen, you opened the flood gates with Sonny. What was she supposed to do? I think you guys were the starter show. You guys were the drug.


A a very good drug, by the way. Hell yeah. An excellent drug that gave very addictive, gave them a powerful but safe high. And then she went on to crack. She went to Fentanyl. Yeah, she went to Fentanyl. Thank you so much for coming in. Thanks for having me. And an absolute joy to see you. So fun. And my best to, to rob and to the gang that's making the show. Yes. And tell them I say hello. I will. And thank you so much for going down into the mines and making such good stuff for all of us. You're the best. I'm gonna, I'm not leaving. Let's just do another hour. Okay. Hour number two. We talk about what's going on in the world. Oh God. And it gets really dark. I gotta go.


Okay. No hour two. Thank you so much for being here. Thank you for having me.


The all new Nissan Armada Pro four X is an unshakeable fortress powered by a twin turbo V six engine. Yeah. Ready to propel your adventures to new heights. Yeah. Your Voice changes when you do A car out. I'm trying to, I'm trying to become Will Arnett. Oh, okay. But I can't do it. He's like, oh, new Nissan Armada pro Fourex. No, listen, I'm gonna, I'm gonna explain this car to you. 'cause this car is fantastic. It's Max 8,500 pound towing capacity has the power to haul all your favorite toys on your next big adventure. You could steal the Statue of Liberty with this. It's incredible. I'm not saying do that. I'm just saying this thing that's a lot of Holland power. Nobody gets left behind with the Armada Pro. Four X's Premium interior. That seats up to eight passengers. That's crazy. I don't know. Eight people going big. Never goes outta style. No terrain is too tough for the all new Nissan Armada Pro four x the most capable armada ever built. Built for the most rugged of terrain. The all new Nissan Armada Pro. Four X gives you freedom to explore further.


One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. I know, right? I'm trying to sell my coal miners hat and it goes to a dance troupe. Ugh. That's no good. It's just stupid. That's where LinkedIn ads come in fortunately. LinkedIn is a network of over 1,000,000,001. You can't even count that high. I can't, I can't either. Link is a network of over 1 billion businessy people who might actually be interested in your business. You can even target your buyers by job title, industry, company roles, seniority skills, company revenues. Did I say job title? I think I did. Mm. Just stop wasting budget on the wrong audience. That's just stupid. Start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will give you a $100 credit on the next campaign. So you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco. That's LinkedIn dot com slash team Calco. Terms and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.


I was cleaning out some stuff in my office the other day and I found that I had this CB dictionary. Oh My God. I'm not surprised me. Make sure that we enunciate cb. Yeah. What is it? It sounded a little bit like CD for a second. Oh. CB Citizens Ban Radio, which is the way people talk. Like truckers and smoking theban. You know we've talked about that movie before. Yeah. And not just the movie. I remember very clearly there was a, the CB fad was huge. Yeah. In the late seventies. And there was a song called Convoy. That's Right. Remember that song? I do. Yeah. And that we got a Little old convoy running through The night. The night we got a great big convoy. Ain't she a beautiful sight convoy. Sona, where are you going? What's going on?


Oh, I'm sorry. I was just turning. It was a big deal. And I remember that not be here anymore. One of my grandparents passed away and some of us don't. Your wrinkle pages even louder. What do you Oh my God. Look at him. He's right. This is the guy who produces the podcast. I edit this. I cut my mic. You don't need to worry about it. You weird at this? At this. Look at this. What are you Chris Crinkle? Anyway, why'd you laugh so hard? Good. That wasn't that funny. It was. I thought it was good. It was Chris crinkle. It was funny. Chris crinkle. Chris crinkle. Iss not good. You heard Chris crinkle. This guy's Chris crinkle louder. Bla louder. There you go. Suck up. So anyway, one of my grandparents passed away and we were all like kids and we were, for some reason it got switched around.


So we are in the funeral procession, You know, funeral procession. What's it called? The, The In the cars. The funeral procession. Is it the funeral procession With the cars procession? I think so. Okay. Anyway, Convoy. It's a convoy. Har Hearst was driving with one of my grandparents in it, I can't remember which one. And then other cars. And our cool cousin was driving the station wagon that my brothers and I and my sisters and I were all jammed into and we're headed to the graveyard when the song Convoy came on. And my cousin reached over and turned it up all the way. And there's this part of the song where they go, so let them TERs roll ten four. 'cause we got a great big and we were all rocking out. And I loved my granddad, but I, and it felt sacrilegious, but also great at the same time.


He would've wanted that. So no, he wouldn't have liked that at all. Oh yeah. He was a Well, I thought I could quiz you guys on CB lingo and see If you can figure it out. Sure. Wanna lose this? Because actually speaking of hears, there is a CB term for hearse. Oh yeah. Anybody know what it is? Is it a called an old Rolling pine? That's Good. The dead guy. The dead guy. The dead guy. The dead guy. No. Yeah. Let's see. I remember that. Well, obviously a smokey is a policeman. Yeah. So We'll go over, first of all the A hears is called a bone box. Bone box. We got a bone box here. Here are just some of your regular things like the police are called. You could call 'em a smokey or a bear. Smokey. The bear CB radio are your ears. Got my ears on A bear in the air.


A Bear in the air is a, is a whirly big a whirly gig. It's a, it's a helicopter with a, with the cops inside a police helicopter. Yeah. Oh my God. I love that. Instead, a police, we backup up back up a helicopter with police inside. It's a helicopter, but instead of a citizen contained within, at the core of it are police. This is what truckers say to each other. Yes. Yes. This is the They less long range semi drivers. Yes. Okay. Okay. Like a bear in the bush. A Bear in the bush is Oh, that would be a smokey. That's hiding out. Trying to catch people on a speed trap. A speed trap.


Yeah. That's exactly right. Okay, so now I'm gonna quiz you guys. Those are kind of the, just the easy ones. Got it. Go ahead. All right, here we go. Blood box. Blood Box would be ambulance. That's Right. One for Sona. Okay. Bedbug. Holler. Bedbug holler it be a motel. Like a cheap motel. I think it's a furniture truck. A moving van. I'll accept that. Oh my God. I'm getting my ass hand down. Oh my ey. I just learned what this was. Bikini state. Bikini state is Florida. That's right. Oh Wow. I just know 'cause I'm a bikini inspector. Are you looking at, are you looking? No, I was, no, I was not looking at, I was not. I don dunno, my glasses on either. So, Breaking wind. Breaking wind, go speeding, breaking wind, going Downhill.


I'm sorry. Neither of you. It's the first sea beer in a convoy. Okay. They're breaking the wind. Okay. Brush your teeth and comb your hair. That's something you'd say. What does that mean? That's just, I mean, good hygiene. Yeah. I think that means I need to rest. No, no. Say it again. Brush your teeth and comb your hair. Brush your teeth and comb your hair. It helps me think like ten four. Good. Buddy. Brush your teeth and comb your hair. Be a good, see you around. Brush your teeth and comb your hair. There's a, there's a smokey up ahead. What? What? Look, look good. There's a smokey up ahead. Oh, that's stupid. See around. Just say there's a smokey up ahead. Why brush your teeth and comb your hair? Well that's the whole point. They Could be listening, right? Yeah. But Policeman doesn't, when when they, when they pull you over for speeding, they don't care about your attire and how well qued you are.


You Know, the Smokies are listening in on the CB radio. Got it. And then they hear it. They, If you say, Hey, there's a s smokey, they'll be like, oh, the convoy is smart. Yeah. I don't know. I'm trying to figure it out. What are California turnarounds On ramps? No, off Ramps Way stations. Kona, California turnaround. Yeah. That's when you hit the state of California. 'cause you've made your drop and then you're headed back the other way. Not really there. Yes it is. They're benzos or speed because if you're going as far as California, you gotta take some of those to go there and back. Oh, I see. You mean like Benny or Yeah, Benny. A big Yes. I said benzos. Yeah. Benny.


Yeah. Benny or a jubjub. Yeah. You guys are Real hip. Those are called green. A green quato. Yeah. Choke And puke. Compute. Choke and puke. Let's see, That's in smoking in the bandit. They they use that a lot. Choke and puke. Yeah. I'm going to choke and puke. Going to a choke puke. Going, going to a choke and Puke. Like a bad diner. It's a restaurant, but I'll give it to you. Thank you. Okay. Christmas card. Just like a way to wish people Well you Use it in a sentence, please. I'm Doing double nickels on the I five and I got myself a Christmas card. I'm gonna have to pay that come Tuesday. Traffic ticket. That's right. But why was it called a Christmas card? Well, it's just po these guys CCB poetry. I'm sorry. I, I'm, I'm glad You know what?


There's a reason this died out. You know what I mean? They had bad terms. I'm sorry. Oh my God. I'm, do I, I don't Even know about. Well, now we're gonna get into some of the more colorful ones. What's the score? Huh? What's the score? I'm winning. It's three Sona Conan two Also, we don't know that this died out. There's, there's truckers all over this great country. Yeah, but why don't they just email each other or text. But you don't wanna be on your phone on the, while you're, of course, me on their phone. They have devices that handle all kinds of things while they're driving. Let's get to that. What Do you think Vacu suck is for? Well, I have one. I'm using it now. Oh man. What does it mean? Free aa batteries takes care of old Captain Jack down there.


Jesus, captain Jack. What does abuse it mean? Well, okay, well abuse it. Just say it. Well, I'm, I don't want to masturbate. That's right. Sona Gets it. I I gave that to Sona. 'cause I didn't wanna offend a lady. You Didn't wanna say masturbate? I didn't. No. You just Called your dick Captain Jack. Yeah. He's in the army. That's his rank. You just Did a whole vacu. He's his rank. I got a vacu suck for Captain Jack. He did his Time. Well, you don't wanna say masturbate, but you're Hey, I's in Vietnam. What's a douche job? Oh man, don't get me started. A Douche job is when, Why did you put two fingers up, Barry?


Because I was Specifically car wash. Yes, that's right. Ah, okay. I Was gonna say an actual, like anal. No, an actual anal. Okay. Some of these have crossed over into popular culture. But what's a beaver? A Vagina? Well, no, no. I mean it is, It's a woman driving's. Just A woman. Yeah. Okay. Bra buster. What Is it? Bra buster. B bra Buster. Oh man. Talk about it. Excuse me. What? Talk About it. A bra buster. Bra buster is a woman who is real tough. No. Okay.


Bra buster's a speed bump. No, You Go over's it too fast. It's gonna bust your bra. No, it's just a large rested woman. Oh, Well wait a minute. Come on. How does that, I thought they have to relate to trucking somehow. No, now you're gonna get into Yeah, he's, that's an old itchy face. What's that? A guy with a beard. Well, why are they talking in code? No one's Changing the goalpost on. No, If I'm driving a truck and I see, You know, lady with the titties, I go, Hey guys, bra buster coming Around. That beaver's a real bra buster. That's not, it's not coated enough. Oh, it's still, do You know what I mean? Some of Are and some of them aren't. I mean, this is, this just evolved with the language. It's not like somebody sat down at a No, but there's A more clever way to do that. If there's a large breasted woman.


Well, maybe they're, You know what I mean? Maybe they're not like they're doing it on the radio, but the woman doesn't hear it. They're just like, Hey guys, heads Up. Those are some big knobs on the radio. Yes. You know what I mean? Something like that. That's nice. You know what high beams on? Do You know what I mean? So something they could do better. The twin pillars of society. There's so many different ways to do it, but blockbuster is just being unimaginative. Another reason why CB cultures died. All Right, so this is a tiebreaker And the last one. Coffee break. Coffee break. Oh, tell me about it. I'm just trying to use up time. Coffee break. Coffee Break. Coffee break. Now, This, this doesn't like necessarily have a one-to-one for what the name is to what the thing is.


So you just have to think creatively. Remember we're in the kind of like, You know, sexual section of this. Oh, We are? Coffee break. Oh, coffee break. Does it have anything to do with This? One's does angle anal. Oh my god. You're obsessed. No, and again, they have a device for that too. Why? So they didn't have To Is it because coffee's? Yeah. Dark. Because Coffee's dark. Oh God. No. Not only are you not, right, you're disqualified. Yes. Thank you. Coffee break. I don't know. I I it's Just a visit with a prostitute. But why? That's Just I'm taking a coffee break. It's a wait. You Can't, you can't get upset. These I get upset. Are you They're on the road for days. I these to be, I want these to be rewritten. Well, the good news is I've only gone through A, through D on these, so we've got lots more to do this.


Oh my God. That's okay. I think even this is our last visit to see what made you, why do you have a CB dictionary? That Was my question. Yeah. Just, I don't know. Maybe someone gave it to me as a gift or I bought it. I, You know, I love the movie Smoking a Band. It's one of my favorite movies. Okay. And so I wanted to, I wanted to be able to speak the, The pais. Oh God. Jesus Christ. Okay, well Jesus, if You're hard around, If you happy saying coffee break or bra buster. I just, I can't know you. I just think some of these could be better. I'm 10 10 in the Shade Pickle Park and Taylor made. So see, That's, that sounds good. But some of these just weren't very good. Well, I'm, I'm just be honest, honest coffee break for a prostitute. There's a better way to do that, right? I think coffee break. I think coffee break Is cool. But what If you want a coffee Break?


It's a euphemism. They're saying and, but what I'm saying is that's a bad idea because coffee is a, is a regular part of what a trucker would be drinking. So prostitute. And they would want pro. No, that's not, that's a terrible thing to say. Why are you telling other people that you're going on a coffee break? Like why are you telling the other people on the radio that you're going to see a prostitute? Why don't you just do it? 'cause I think, You know, you guys gotta put yourself in the mindset of the seventies in the American South and you're just talking to your buddies on a CB radio going, I'm gonna go on coffee break ten four, come back. Come on. Let's say I'm gonna go hire a prostitute and then I'm gonna have some coffee afterwards with said prostitute. My old college roommate, Tom Crow.


Jesus. Who's that? He came outta nowhere. His sister. Hey, what's your handle there? Good, buddy. I is this shut the fuck up snow cap. Yeah. No, my, my, my old college roommate, Tom Crow, his sister, her job is coordinating long haul truckers. I can ask her how much of these are still in use today? Okay. 'cause she talks to a lot of truckers. That sounds good. Yeah. Find out if there are a lot of truckers out there taking coffee breaks. And You know what, this segment really wants A follow up segment. Okay. Yeah. It screams follow up, sorry. And ask her about Vacu suck. Is that the, is that the actual name? Is that the actual Name from the guy who won't say masturbate? Okay. No, No, I can't do it myself. But with machinery, God, Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs.


Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aren Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Khan. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan? Call the Team Cocoa Hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan.


And If you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded,


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities. High paying jobs in technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, and more. You'll soar to new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Every sandwich has bread. Every burger has a bun. But these warm, golden, smooth steam bun, these are special reserved for the very best. The phileo fish. And you, you can have them too. And you can have it all at two for $6. Like a phileo fish, big Mac, 10 piece, big nuggets or large fries. Limited time only. Price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.