
How hot do you like it? Firehouse Subs is churning up the heat. They've teamed up with hot ones to create two new sandwiches. The zesty garlic hook and ladder is the milder option. Can you believe that? Those still packed with flavor. And for the bravest spice chasers, the spicy dill hook and ladder sandwich is sure to be a three alarm ion. Well, Sona bla, you guys sampled the wares today? We did, yes. You had yourself those hook and ladder sandwiches. How were they? They were great. And they had a kick. Yeah, They did. I, I did the zesty garlic hook and ladder. Oh. And, and I loved It. I took a walk in the wild side with the spicy dill hook and ladder and it was great. I loved it. Well, I'm glad you guys enjoyed yourselves. Find out how hot you like it. Try the zesty garlic and spicy deal, hook and ladder at Firehouse Subs For a limited time, life doesn't go on forever. You gotta grab the moment, dude. Visit Firehouse subs.com to find a restaurant near you. Individuals sensitive to spice or the Carolina Reaper Pepper should not consume this spicy dill hook and ladder. Limited time at participating Firehouse Subs restaurants.


Hey guys, spring cleaning time. Let's start with your mop, because that overgrown winter hair ain't doing you any favors. You look like Mo from the Three Stooges. It's sport. It's an old reference, but look it up. It's Sport Clips. Haircuts. They've got pro stylists who know men's hair TV's playing sports 24 7 in a place boat for guys. That's right guys. To get a great cut without the hassle. No appointments, no stress. You just wander in fresh cut in a place that's made for you Dudes. Yeah, bros. Yeah. High fives all around. So shake off that winter scruff and step into spring looking fresh 'cause they got you covered Bra sport clips. It's a game changer.


Hi, my name is Kevin Neland and I feel absolutely duped about being Con O'Brien's friend. Terrible thing to say. Fall back to school. Ring bell shoes loose friends. Hello and welcome to Con O'Brien. Needs a friend. It's me, Colonel O'Brien. Joined by Sono Obsession. Of course.


Matt Gorley. How are you? I'm both Sona. I'm, we're, we're good. Good, good. Wow. We can't even do that part if we can't do that part. What does that say for the rest of the show? Well, this show in particular is Gonna be falling right in line with That. Yeah. Probably. Yeah. Yeah. Given who's on. Yes. Yeah. What have you been up to lately? Where have you been? You just came back and you look snow kissed Very enough. That's right. What? I was molested by a snowman. I I just did a quick, very quick 24 hour trip to Utah because I participated in the Sundance Film Festival.


Never did that before. That's cool. 'cause you're in A movie. I'm in a movie. I think it was maybe two years ago, I was approached by this very talented writer director named Mary Bronstein. And she had a script called, if I Had Legs I'd Kick You. And it's a very different movie. And I read the script and I thought, wow, this is very powerful. Very cool. And my part is not necessarily comedic, per se. So you're acting, you're not doing a cameo as Conan O'Brien on TV Set. I'm not Conan O'Brien. No, I'm, I'm, this is incredible. And so I was, I I honestly, I think I tried to talk her out of it. It's an a 24 film.


Oh, it's very prestigious. I I think it's coming from this great company and Rose Byrne, who I absolutely adore is, is the star. She carries the picture, as they would say back in the day. And it was a fascinating process to do it. Mary did an incredible job. I had not seen the movie, so I flew in with David Hopping and was walking through Park City, Utah. It's this whole thing. There are, I mean, the streets are just clogged with people and film fans. And I guess people knew I was coming. So I've never seen so many people with parkas that had Simpson Stills of me with Bart, all those guys, You know, to sign those guys.


But, and little knick-knacks and things to sign and a pimp bot t-shirt. I mean, oh my God. I just pictured them coming over mountain passes with, with Conan paraphernalia. But they were all very nice. So that was strange. And then to, to go in and do a red carpet and then go into the theater and sit down and watch the movie start. I Have two questions that are the same question. Okay. Were You nervous to do serious acting? And then were you nervous to watch yourself do serious acting? Hmm. I was certainly nervous to do it. And then I had a weird detachment.


It's very different from anything I've done before. So, You know, everything I do is comedy, just everything. So, You know, because if you're watching it with an audience or if I'm performing it in front of an audience, the laughter is what tells you how it's going. This is not one of those experiences. So people Weren't sobbing audibly. I was Okay. Just 'cause of my eye vein was so giant. Oh geez. No, I, I think I was nervous and I took it really seriously. And I, I didn't wanna, I mean, I'm working with Rose Byrne and she absolutely kills it in this movie. She's spectacular. And the reviews that she's had are amazing.


What do you play? What's your character? I'm a therapist. Oh, yeah. Whoa. I, I don't wanna say, I don't wanna say too much, but I'm a therapist for her character who's going through a lot of distress. Mm. And I was very detached from seeing myself. I just thought, oh, there's who? I don't know that guy. Are you method? No, I am not Method. But I mean, I just, I wasn't, I don't know. I don't, I I, I felt a little detached from seeing myself. I I, I, I wasn't as interested in seeing myself as I was in what Rose Byrne is so riveting in this role. And I know I'm biased because I'm in the movie, but then all these reviews came out that really shone a light on her performance, which made me very happy.


Well, when can we the general public see this movie? That's a really good question. I think probably sometime, maybe this spring. I don't know. Mm. And and the thing is, this is also alien to me. So I don't know anything about the movie business. I've never aspired to be an actor. That was never a dream of mine. Yeah. Why does she think of you? What is this? Why did she, why did, why did she think Of you? It's a, she, I mean, Mary Bronstein, maybe she, I I, that's not when the movie comes out, she could come and and talk about it. Okay. But I don't wanna Be insulting to you. It's just you don't, You just were Oh, okay. But, but you're also right. You're, it's, it's, it's the exact right question. And I think I, I was glad that the consensus is that I don't get in the way, You know, the consensus is that I'm sure it's better than that.


Yeah. But, but I was, I'm really proud of what Mary Bronstein pulled off and just blown away by, by Rose Byrne, who could not be more humble. At one point she excused herself and like, climbed over some furniture. 'cause we, there was a, You know, everyone was having drinks afterwards, all these a 24 people and filmed people. She was like, oh, sorry, sorry, excuse me. Oh, pardon me. You know? And she, and I was watching her and she's so humble and just hope I'm not bothering anyone. I love her so much. And You know, she's very beautiful. And then just, I think top, top tier actor, just incredible ability.


And she walked away and I said to Mary, the thing I love about her the most is that she doesn't know she's Rose Burn. Like, no, no sense of entitlement. No. I mean, no sense that, and when I, I mean, when you try and compliment her, ah, come on mate. You know, Is that your Australian accent That were doing? It was me. But anyway, she, I I, I, looking forward to people seeing the film and, and watch me. I'll, I'll be in there a little bit. Yeah. I'm excited. That's so cool. Yeah. It's cool you went to Sundance. You know, I have to say, I've done two things in the space of about six months that were both unusual experiences.


And this is the part of my career that I'm really enjoying, which is just trying things. And there was this movie that I shot that's just coming out now, but after, but about six months ago or seven months ago, I did the Newport Folk Festival and played music and headlined it with a bunch of musicians and had one of the great experiences in my life. And so, just getting to do a few of these things that are completely outside my comfort zone are really fun. Yeah. And my tryouts for the NBA. Oh no, you're an inspiration. Really? Yeah. Wow. Yeah. The Spur, the Spurs are looking.


Oh, it's never too late. The Spurs are looking for a six foot, four inch water boy. Well, I think I could do it. I'd be a real good water boy. Well, this'll be interesting. My guest today, he and I have, I don't know what you'd call our chemistry. Well, I like that this intro was kind of like measured and, and straightforward because what you're about to hear Yeah. Doesn't just go off the deep end. It presumes there's even a, a bottom to the end. Yes. Yes. This, this gentleman and I, when we get together, I don't know what you'd call it. It might be lethal, I don't know.


But he's a hilarious comedian. He's a very good friend of mine. I adore him. He, I met him when he was a cast member on Saturday Night Live. He started the Showtime series Weeds. He has a, a show called Hiking with Kevin, which I've done, which is really fun. And I think that's coming to Fox Nation. And our conversations are unique. So I'm excited he's here. Kevin Neal. And welcome. I respect you. I revere you. You're easily one of the funniest people I've ever known.


I met you back in 1988. You are, First of all, do you like to be referred to as Conan or Team Coco? Or Coco? I mean, how many names you have licenses for all Those? I do. They're all licensed. Conan the name Conan I licensed in 1967. What about COB? COB. I've got that too. Capital letters. Yeah. I'm sorry. You were saying about me. I said that you are a time-waster. You are in 88. 1988. I Was 1988. I met you at Saturday Night Live. You were my favorite of the performers then. Still then. Subsequent work has proven to be a bit of a disappointment. But I, I, I love you. I'm gonna look you in the eye and tell you that I love you as a friend, as a tour mentor.


I love you and I love having you on the podcast because you bring out a different side of me. An angry side. A side. You are, you are looking at me. 'cause I see for once your eyes are blue. And I've never known that before. You don look me because we don't At me don't at each other. We don't Look at I I'm looking at you right now. Yeah. Well, you're, you're blinking a lot. Are you sending us, I'm Sending os to I'm sending us, get me out here. You really are very blinky today. I don't know what's going on. I do tend to blink a lot. Yeah. I watch myself sometimes in TV shows. Yeah. And I find myself blinking a lot. So you watch your appearances on TV shows a lot. I can't help it. They're that good. I can't help, but I'm, they're That Good.


I am good actually, except for the blinking. You so listen to me. Yeah, let's get down to it. You know what, I've been hoping we would get down to it. And this is the Time to do it. Let me just, let me just tell you something about how you've kind of come into my life a lot unexpectedly and not So whenever I'm about to see you, I always second guess what I'm wearing? Because you commented once when I wore. Do You know what I'm talking about? No. I was at your house or I met you for lunch or something. And I had a sweater on a v-neck sweater with no T-shirt, Which was a mistake. And You were so annoyed. I was annoyed because I saw like a big v part of your chest and I didn't Yeah.


It's called the Body. Well, then we got a problem. Houston, we got a problem. Is that funny? Remember that movie? We you watch A lot of space Movies. I do. Let's not get up on that cul-de-sac. Let's stick to your chest. It bothered me. You didn't even see my chest. And everyone, everyone knows you wear a T-shirt and then you put a light sweater over it. No. Especially when we, we of a, I Actually, she, she's gotta be in. That can go either way. What about when you're a certain vintage? I looked you up online. You were born March 3rd, 1931. No, Now you're way off. And you were a very important part of the Truman administration. No one wants to see here.


What, here's what I don't like about the way you dress. May I? Oh yeah. You wear those thin T-shirts. Yeah. So your nipples are popping out. That's Right. And nobody wants to see, I need cheap cocoa nipples. I need pp. You know What I'm saying? I want people to know that I'm a sexual being. How are they gonna know that? They're gonna see my ni Are you? If they see my nipples, they'll know. Lemme ask you this. Yeah. Do you Have a favorite when it comes to your nipples? Do you like one or the other? I'm gonna say, I'm gonna, I like the left one maybe a little more. Now listen To me, my chest. Why do you keep, you're not even seeing my chest. You're on a podcast. You have the microphone and you keep saying, now listen to me because you interrupt Me every time I try to Talk.


Go ahead. Go ahead. It's the floor is yours. Senator, Go ahead. When you're finished, I'll continue what I was saying. I'm done. Okay, Let's go back to the V-neck. Sona has a V-neck on. Yeah. And Just it's underneath. And I don't even have any cleavage and I'm not hiding anything. Well, what's not? I mean, If you take care of your body, maybe You know this, If you take care of your body, you're not afraid to show some, You know, masculinity. Well, I don't What's a t What if I wear a v-neck T-shirt under the v-neck sweater? Does that count? No, it doesn't actually. It Doesn't. That's called layering. I don't wanna see. I didn't, I just, I wasn't prepared. And we were eating food and I, I was looking down at my chicken that had the skin on it and then looking at that part of your chest.


And I kept looking from the skin of the chicken to your chest. And it was freaking me out a little bit. Do you require a chicken to wear a, a v-neck sweater or A Okay t-shirt under feathers. I think even, You know, that you've gone too far. Can I gotta wrap this up, man? I gotta wrap it up. We're gonna wrap up of Stuff going wrap. We're not gonna wrap it up. Oh, time for a little sip. Aoo. I love when you take a sip because it means you're not talking. You don't Have a straw, do you? No, not for you. We did that last time. And you Oh, oh, We Did? I think you, oh my God. Alright man. How, how Are you? How pass me? Thank you. How are You? I, I haven't seen you in a while and I really do enjoy my time. We trade texts fairly often, but I really treasure when I see you because as I say, it's an old friendship.


And I think we have a certain something. We have a certain spark that excites America. That's it. That's all I got. No, I thought there were more, but okay. Yeah, we do. I agree with you. We have a close bond and we tease each other a lot. But I think we have a, a really close friendship. And Why'd you cover your mouth when you said that T I scratched my upper lip. Well, no one does that. You're so defensive and so insecure about everything. And I don't think anybody will argue that point with me. I am now about the nipple thing. I'm never wearing those shirts again. Did you ever know anybody that had a third nipple? No. I've saw it once in a movie. It said James Bond movie. Yeah. A man with the Golden Gun. Yeah, The Golden Nipple.


Did you say the extra golden Nipple? What's The name of the guy? S Scala Manger. Scara Manger as played by Christopher Lee. Christopher Lee. Yeah. I worked with someone once who had a tail, believe it or not. What? I'm kidding. Around a tail. That's not true. I Swear to you. I mean you, when when you Say a tail, what do you mean? You mean they had Well, It's like The cock six, the bone, the tailbone was extended. It Was like a dober pincher tail. What? Oh, whatcha Are you talking about? You know, a little like, it was like cut off. I don't believe that's Cut off. It kind of looked like that. Oh, great. Well that'll help on a podcast. Wait. Oh. And this is, this is so You don't get it wrong. That's the, but it's more like that. Whatcha are you doing? Whatcha are you talking about? You did not. You did not. It's a tale.


That's first of all. But yeah, you're right. Terrible drawing from actually a very talented artist. That's the worst thing you've ever drawn. My book is out now called, I exaggerate my brushes with fame. Yes. A lot of caricature paintings that I do. None of you in there. You're a friend. You're a friend. Know, I guess what all of them of, and I think I'm readily caricatured with my hair, my jawline. There's so many things to have fun with and you didn't do. Do one of me. I'm so done with this topic right now. Okay. No, come on. Let's just talk. Can we talk as two adults for a change? Yes. Let's do that. Can you, let's do that. Sony, you stay out of this. I don't even know why she's in here. I don't know why you need a backup. Like Sona, I come in here with nobody and you got all these people like your posse.


This is my whack pack right here. This is, this is my Whack pack. So I almost saw you at Sundance the other day. Yeah. I was at Sundance helping to promote a film that I, oh, what's it called up here? It's called, if I Had Legs I'd Kick You. It's written What's the movie? What's the movie called? Incredible. Incredible. It's, it stars the beautiful and very talented Rose Byrne. And it was a very fun experience. And then you texted me that you were there. Yeah, but I was leaving town. I went But you, after I got your text, You were there for only like a couple hours, right? Seriously? Yeah, I was. Yeah. Geez. You had the car running. I had to get, I I I went, I'm very busy right now.


I've got a lot of, lot of, I bet you do. Irons in the fire. A lot of pots of stew cooking at the same time. Do you have other projects going besides this podcast? Yes, I'm hosting the Oscars. Oh, by the way, congratulations on, I think I already texted you about that. Yeah. You said either it will, you said this is a quote. It will either go well or it will go badly. Both are distinct possibilities. That's a, that's a quote. That's a quote. That is true. That that is, it's true. It is absolutely true. And I read that aloud. I was laughing so hard because when someone, you're very talented at this, you, you get on the knife's edge of absolute truth.


So I'm talking to you and you were saying, how's it going? I'm, hey, You know, I know I'm working on this Oscars thing, but the, the mood and this town keeps changing. There's a lot happening. I'm worried about how it's gonna go. And you wrote back, most people would say, oh, you'll be fine. You're, you're a funny guy. You'll figure it out. You wrote back, it will go well or it will go badly. Period. Both are distinct possibilities. And True. Yeah. And true. It was very true. Because I know what you think, how you think it's gonna go, because I know you so well. Oh yeah. And how's that? You tell me. No, You're, it's gonna go. You think it's gonna go horrible? No, I don't think it's gonna go. Really? I think it's gonna go horribly. Oh, horribly. Because I actually finished school.


Kevin, I love you. I really do. But I wish you, you were educated. I wish you were. No, I'm horribly. You're horribly. I, So yeah. Thanks for asking me the movie. I'm executive producing at Sundance. Yeah. Yeah. Tell me about that. What's it called? What's it called? It's called Come See Me in the Good Light. Ah, it's a story Conan about these two lovers. Poets, yeah. Oh. And one of them is, oh, your executive finished. Okay, go ahead, say what you're saying, then I'll continue. I just love that your executive producing something about real emotions and traction. It's just funny. It's like, How do You know it's real emotions? Let Me finish. It's like, if it's a laser printer wrote a love poem.


I'm sorry you don't have a sense to your phone in your body. And your're executive producing a love story. I can't wait to see it. Blabla blo blo. What's the name of Your phone, by the Way? If I had legs, I'd kick you. Oh yeah, that's right up your alley. That is so you right There. Yeah. Anyway, tell us about Go, go, go, go. I'll be good. I promise. What's what's the name of the movie? The Dock. It's called. There was a Time and she was there. See? Okay. I'm gonna tell it to you again and try to listen this time. Okay. Pay attention. Okay. What is The name of your movie? It's called Come See Me in The Good Light. Come See Me in the Good Light. Beautiful. Right? It's, are you writing this down? Yep. Come See Me in the Good Light. It's a, A love story about these two poets. And one of them is diagnosed with an incurable illness.


Okay. And it's pretty much the exploration of their life, their love, their mortality and life's moments. And once you see it, it'll kind of change your life. Okay. That's maybe not your life. 'cause you don't have one bone of love or That's not true Mortality. That's not true. That's not true of moments. That's not true. I'm excited for this project. Thank you. And I'm gonna repeat the title. Come See Me in the Good Light. In the Good Light. That's right. It's about Andrea Gibson, the poet. I Figured. And her lover Megan Fie. Yeah, of course. And it's directed by Ryan White. Okay. My produced by Jessica Harre and, but Te Nataro. Oh, I love Te Nataro. See, I knew that you finally, you brought Up finally Attention.


Someone I, I really love te Lemme ask you a question, but that's why, why I'm here. I'm Here. I let you ask me Questions as executive producer, what did you do with this? Powerful? And it sounds like a very powerful, tragic love story. What did you do As It's not tragic, it's uplifting. It's, Oh, okay. You're right. They probably give you a note. Don't say tragic. It's No, no, no notes. Yeah, no notes. I'm the one giving out the notes. Oh. So but what do you do as executive producer? Well, I invest in it. I support it. I come on podcasts. This, I hope that I have a You put your money into it. Viewer that is open-minded and listens. Yeah. I did put my money into it along with my wife Susan. We, yes, Susan's great. Is that, You know what I say, I'm looking at two pages. Is that anything to do with the podcast or that your shopping list Two pages.


It says Kevin Neland 2025 podcast Research. There is not one mention in here of your movie. And yet you're here now promoting something that is not mentioned in your research. I find that either a huge failing on our part or negligence on your part. Who's the guilty party? B? It's B. So you didn't I have nothing to do with it. I know. I don't, does This movie even exist? No. I'm just, I needed something to talk about when I came here. So I, I saw some of the films that were playing at Sundance. No, I'm all over that thing. I invested in it. Okay. And then, and without that it wouldn't have gotten made unless you invested in it. But no, you went with the kicking with the legs thing.


Five legs. I'd kick you. I didn't put a dime into it. What is the name of your character in, in this so-called movie Chip Choley. Chip Charlie. Yeah. I Never thought there'd be a name worse than Conan O'Brien. And now You just told it to me, What you said reminded me of a story. I don't think I've told this story, but once I'm interviewing John Lovett. John Levit, your compatriot on the, on Saturday Night Live. And he was promoting a comedy club. Remember when John Levitz had a comedy club here in Oh, on CityWalk, on City Walk. Yeah. And he used to be BB Kings. Yeah. And then he turned it into a comedy club and it had like a tropical theme. Yeah. But John Levitts had this comedy club and he, in the first, he had two segments in the first segment.


And he was like, it's a great comedy club Conan, and everyone's gotta check it out. It's, you gotta see it, it's gangbusters. And he was going on and on about the comedy club. And then we went to commercial and the band's playing and he leaned over and he went, no one's coming to the club. You gotta help. You gotta invest. He said that During the commercial break. And I'm like, what? And he went, no. Do you wanna come in on it? I mean, we're sort of treading water right now, but we're going down. And I'm like, what? Really? And he was like, come on, You know? And I said, well I have to talk to my accountant. And then he was like, well, I talk to your accountant. Yeah, yeah. You gotta come in fast. 'cause I don't know how long we can hang on for. And then just, then I get the signal and I went, Hey, we're back. And he went, oh, I gotta tell you, it's going gangbusters. Was this back in the forties?


I swear to God. That really happened. And every now and then something happens. It's a Larry Sanders moment.


Airbnb, man. That's what kids are doing now. Yeah. Bla you like your Airbnb, don't you? Yeah. It, it's great because when I go on a, You know, I'm gonna go back to Michigan for about three weeks. Yep. And my place is just sitting there empty. Might as well make some scratch. Why not? You know? Yeah. Scratch is money, right? Yeah, I think so. Write some greenbacks. Okay. And it's nice because you're gonna go stay in Michigan. That's right. That's where you're from. But why not make some money off your pad? Exactly. I'm staying with my mom. No one's staying in my place. Let's, let's, let's get some money from it. And It's a good feeling to know that your place is being used, it's being enjoyed and you're getting paid for it. Yeah. And I got a cool place. Yeah. You know, like, I, I went to this bachelor party last year in Miami. Remember when I went to that bachelor party that was, I heard it was Wild. And I, I wasn't even invited. I just was, I saw that there was a bachelor party and I went in, I have nobody my age getting married. Amazing. Yeah. And it just was so great. But I made sure that I rented out my home, You know, before I went to the bachelor party that I wasn't invited to. And it was a good feeling. Great. Made some money. Not a great feeling to be asked to leave the bachelor party. Yeah. Think about it. If you host while you're traveling, it's a great way to offset some of the costs of your trip. And if you've got a big year of travel ahead of you, hostings a Pretty cool and unique way to make some money back. And then you can buy that special travel purse you want. Or man bagg or Yeah. Purse 2025 is the year to be financially savvy. So don't leave money on the table when you travel. Your home might be worth more than you think. Find out how much at Airbnb dot com slash host.


Oh man. I do a lot of traveling. Yeah, I do. You know how I do the travel shows? Nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you. That's good. Isn't that nice? It starts the moments you take off with free in-flight wifi. So you can stream your favorite show on the go. Obviously that would be this show I would think. Yeah. You You go in a plane and then you stream your podcast. If I'm anxious about a flight, the thing that calms me is seeing myself. And then when you land T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands. Did You know that? No. Yep. Plus you're covered with five gigabytes, count 'em five of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with go 5G plus or next plans. And I have to tell you, it's a nice feeling when I travel the globe for my travel work, I like to know that when I land in that other country, I'm covered. I'm there. Yeah. I can text you and say, Hey, I got here safely. Yeah. I forgot to feed my cat. Could you feed my cat? Oh yeah. You could remind me. I don't have a cat. Right? It's all good stuff. Yeah. You FaceTimed me before from another country and it was crisp. She was clear. Yep. You could see every mark on my face. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel qualifying plan required wifi where available on select US Airlines terms and conditions. Apply


this bracket season. FanDuel is letting you make the call. 'cause right now, new customers can get $200 in bonus bets when your first $5 bet wins. You hear me? That's 200 extra binos to bet on. Everything from clutch shots to last second heartbreaks and even who's cutting down the nets, if you've been waiting to join, there's no better time. There's turn action that's slang for tournament almost every day. And FanDuel has amazing bet types like spreads totals, game props, and so much more. I know all about this. You do? Oh, I'm a real, it sounds like it. I'm a real Beto. I I'm, I'm excited because Michigan State, which is my team, I I think they're gonna go all the way. They're number one of the big 10. Yes. Let's go all the way. You know, don't shake your head, Eduardo. Listen. You are all Michigan. All the way. You're always That's right. Ever, ever since I've known you, which is like 20 some odd years. That's right. You've been babbling about Michigan. This Michigan that. You gotta try a Michigan soup. You gotta have Michigan pizza pie. I love it all. And, and, and so Yeah. I say with FanDuel, Michigan State all the way. Let's go baby. Go Green. Go. Your favorite murderers are from Michigan that, anyway. That's true. Also, super. Visit FanDuel dot com slash conan. Get in on the college hoops Action attorney long turny is short for tournament Must be 21 plus in present in select states for Kansas in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in present in DC. First online Real money wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withable bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Visit md gambling help.org in Maryland.


Tell me about yourself. I will. If you stop, you're the, you're drawing, you're hoping It's a picture of you. No, But it's not, I didn't think it was a picture of me. This Is a picture of You. Okay. No, we're, we're not. No, go ahead. Just keep talking. Okay. Anyway, I enjoy talking to you. I never quite know what's gonna happen. I'm always handed research, but it doesn't seem to line up with anything we talk about. It doesn't. Who would have research for Kevin Neland? You're promoting a movie that I don't know if it exists or not. Please step into the light so I can, by The way, I want to thank you for doing my hiking show. What, two or three times? Yeah. Hiking with Kevin. Now streaming on Fox Nation. Yeah. It's another thing that's not mentioned in the research. I don't know what's going on.


I don't know why there's research on you that, that You know what, I'm not all about boasting what I do. You like to have everything in print. You like to have direct everybody to what you're doing. Yeah. You do a podcast. What Did you draw? You said you were drawing Me. I just started. Oh, Are those testicles? Are those, You know, what Is that? I Think you're burying the Lead. You got a dirty mind. Oh, That's a dick. Yeah. Oh, that's a dirty mind right there. Why, why can I finish it? Well, how is this me? How is this me? Anyway, if, can I finish it? I'd rather you not finish it. No. I'll make it bigger. Just Give it to me. I like him to finish it. Okay. I'd like to see it. Yeah. Through, I think that's a portrait of Old Prick Face Johnson. But anyway, go ahead. Keep going.


You're, I don't know why we have you back. It's always, I don't know why I come here. Yeah, no, you gotta Go somewhere. Hey, so what were you gonna say? No, seriously, I don you love comedy. Isn't it great? There's so many different facets to it. And styles. Yes. Yeah. And somebody will ask me once, they'll say, or a lot of times they'll say, do you think so and so is funny? You know who I'm talking about? And I'll say, well, it's subjective. You know, you can't say somebody's not funny If they're bringing in people and people are laughing and I disagree. I think you can say someone's not funny to You. They're not funny. I, I I just, I'm very, I I'm very, if I think someone's really not funny, I think they're unfunny the way Yeah.


You could say that. Yeah. The way, You know, water is a liquid and a solid is something you can put your hand on. I think it's so you're Speaking for Everybody. I think it's immutable when someone's really unfunny. And then I think there's a whole gray area, but there's some people that just know they're not funny and there's just nothing that can be done. So It wouldn't it be nice If you would stand out in front of like a, a venue and people are coming in to see that person you don't think is funny and just warn them and say, you don't need to see this person. Yeah. Don't, I wouldn't go in if I were you. It's a mistake. It's a waste of time. I wouldn't do this. I wouldn't go see this person. But don't you say it's like objective. Don't you think that? Because what Sona thinks is funny, which is apparently everything you say. Yeah. It's True.


She's given you a lot of good chuckles too. So I I wouldn't, no, she's, she makes me laugh a lot. I love chuckling. Yeah. Yeah. We call her a low bar of obsession. It's true. Sona, do you disagree with Conan about that statement? That I'm A I No, I agree with him. I That there are some people aren't funny. You work for him. I, no, I just, I, it's, I'm an easy laugher, but then I also, when I don't laugh, I think it stings even more probably. Right? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. When you're not laughing, You know, you've really Yeah. Shit. Shit. The bed. Yeah. Well First of all, you're both wrong. Oh, okay. It's, it's subjective. Okay. It is subjective. 'cause I'll say some, You know, if you're going by this guideline, like, no, this is not funny because You know this and that.


Yeah. But someone's laughing. You're pretty much telling them that they're, they're idiots for laughing at that. Yeah. I, I would say that to people if they were laughing at the wrong thing. Yeah. I'd say, you're a bunch of fools. What about drama? What, what is, what are you doing? What are you, this is valuable time. Do You know how the, the No. I know a lot of people would die to be on their show. A lot of people would give their left nut, which apparently you're drawing to be on this podcast. And you come here and you dittle away the hour. Why, why do you do it? Is it a, a first Of all, diddling is not a bad thing. Diddling is like meditating. Yeah, that's true. Have you ever meditated? I'm Not good at it. I've tried, but I'm, How can you not be bad at it? You fall out of the chair. What happens? No, I just, my mind wanders.


It's constantly wondering. That's what you're supposed to do. I I, I get too restless. I gotta Keep moving. I gotta, yeah. And, and then there's, I get it. You're sitting there by yourself. You're not hearing any laughs and then you start to wonder, am I even alive? And then you gotta get out there and just hear the Chuckles. That's insecurity thing Probably. Yeah. The security thing. If I don't hear the laughter, I don't know what to do. Oh, I don I get that. I get that. Yeah. Do you, do you do a lot of meditating? 'cause you seem No, I diddle. I'm a diler. Okay. Well that's Which also requires a chair when you diddle. Okay. Can we Please just talk about somebody that has some meaning? I'm Doing the best I can. I'm Sitting here. Are you, are you I came all the way down here 'cause apparently you couldn't get a guest And we prize you as a guest.


You know that you're beloved on this show. I think. And, and someone step in here, but I believe one or two of your appearances are some of the most loved on the entire podcast. That last one should watch a clip. Jesus. Oh Jesus. I don know what to do. I'm scared. Hey, when you, when I'm saying Go ahead. Go ahead. Yeah, No, I, the your episodes always do great when you're here. And then the clips on YouTube and the clips on social media are some of our most popular. For sure. I'll have to start watching the show. Yeah, no, I, I'd love to see it. Hey, you ever think of that? Hey, I'm at the top of my game right now. I have moments where I think I'm in a flow state. Yeah. If You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Where it, it, it, one moment's leading to the next.


Right. Today's not my day. I think you're having a rough time too. But You know what's gonna happen. Never tell an audience they're getting a bad show. Never. No. I always tell This is rule Number one. I say I'm the top of my game. You guys are really lucky tonight. And What an asshole Tomorrow. Do you say that during Your show? Of course I do. 'cause people dunno what's funny. Apparently, according to you tell No, no. I tell them no. Some people, some people don't know. Many people do. But here's the other end of that. Yeah. Do you ever think this is, if I died now, I'd have some great people coming to my funeral and making some great eulogies and Yes, I do think about that. But 'cause If you live too long, yes. There won't be, there'll be less people. I've thought about this too.


And I'm not kidding. I've thought about if I went now and I hope I don't, I hope it's, I get another week or two. But You'd have people, There'd be a lot of funny people coming and there'd be some people being very funny. But if I stick around too long Yeah. That's an empty Room. No one's coming. No one's coming. Even if they're not dead, they're not Coming. Yeah. And if Sona lives, like, if Sona, if Sona lives like a block away, she's not coming. No. You know. Oh, Sona will probably be the director of your funeral. I would say. I you You'll be involved in it. You and David hopping will probably have a lot to do. Sure. Okay. I do as a joke. Want you to be buried in the cemetery. You don't wanna be buried in. We've talked about this. I know. So That's why I do not wanna be buried.


What's it called? Forest. Lawn. Forest At Forest Lawn. Forest lawn off the 1 34 freeway. Yeah. There's a freeway. There's one that, that, that's What they call it now, by the way, off the 1 34 freeway. Yeah. Because no, yeah, I know. I I I know that people that pass away here are buried there. Yeah. And they look down and they, they're baking in the sun. Right. And they're looking down on the freeway. I don't want that. I wanna be just left in a field. You know. Some above ground. Yeah. Above ground. Oh. Will you be buried with the headphones on? No. Make me brought with headphones on. What you I don't, I don't think podcasting has been my major contribution. I don't think that would mean that I, I saw myself as a podcaster.


No, I see myself as a, as an artist. So I would want to, would you wear A V-neck sweater at all? I would Not. I would not wear, 'cause when I start to decompose, you would, you're gonna be in your casket in a v-neck sweater with no T-shirt. Why do people even wear clothes in a casket? Where are they going? Do You know what I mean? Yeah. Once that lid is closed, strip 'em down. Set 'em on their way. I mean, When the open, when it's an open casket, yes it's under. But you're saying once the casket's about to be closed, they should get everyone, everyone outta the room and then get the suit and all the stuff off of 'em. Get the stuff off and donate it. Yeah. And then, or keep it for yourself. That's a good, You know what, of all the celebrity movements that, I think that would be a very unusual one for you to lead the charge on nude burials.


Mm. And donate the clothes and the watch and the ring. So You've decided to be buried? That's your No, no, no, No, No, no. Still up in the air. No. I have a friend, Robin Flender, who wants to be used. He wants to be used as a dummy and like a horror movie. A throw dummy. And so when he dies, he wants to be in a scene where he's like thrown out of a seven story building and fall. And I think that's just genius. 'cause he's a director. He is a really funny guy. And he wants that. He really wants that. And We get his, would he get his SAG insurance for that? Yes. And he get a payment. I'm sure there's some kind of, he trade residuals, but he wants to be a throw a throw dummy in a movie. That's a great idea. That gets tossed off a building. And I think that's a great idea. Would It be like a mission impossible or a horror movie?


Yeah, something like that where someone's like the actor's pushed. Yeah. And then you cut away to the body falling. And that's my friend Rodman falling through space and then hits the ground and then cut to a closeup of the actor lying there. You get, do you watch, do you go on Instagram? Is this vodka or is it water? Clearly it's vodka Because you're not making a lot of sense because no one follows a conversational thread like you. No. Listen. Is it, do you think it's a cyst in your mind? What do you think it is? I do actually have a sebaceous. No, it's not a sebaceous cyst. It's a, oh, what's it called? It's called a, oh, can I come back tomorrow?


It's called a, anyway, it's kind of a tumor. Oh, that's terrible. I'm sorry. No it's not. It's not. It's not a tumor. It remember It's not a tumor. Yeah. Yeah. It's for some reason, I can't think of the name of it. Anyway, it's probably blocking that part of your brain. Which is why you can't think of it. What's the name of that flower with the thorns on it? The rose. That's right. Hey Rose. What was the name of the tumor that I, alright. You're such an idiot. That's an old joke. You're such an idiot. No, that's an old joke. No, but listen. Are you, so what I was gonna say, if I may have a moment. May I have A moment? You're such an idiot. My Eye is resting on the microphone. Looks Like you're a scientist looking at the tele a Microscope. Yeah. I'm looking for intelligent life in this podcast.


And I, I see nothing. Oh, that the name was right on the tip of my tongue. Now it's up on the roof of my mouth. Okay, That's moving back to the molar. So, hey, do you, do you have a child's joke book with you? Is it hidden? Do you ever start And what? Casper The Friendly Pickle. I have a question for you. Alright, Cheryl, I'll finish what I was saying later. Oh, Okay. Finish up, finish up, finish up, finish up. Have You ever been scrolling on Instagram and you come across these posts that are people dying? No, I haven't seen those at all. Whatcha are you talking about up with your algorithm? Know? Yeah. Whatcha There? Is there? Oh, is that why I keep getting You?


You must have chosen something similar to that to get that. Oh My God. That's embarrassing. I I'm not gonna go on Instagram. I'm not on Instagram. Go Through. You're not on Instagram. I'm not on Instagram stuff. Films on Instagram. So, so this is, what is it? I mean, it's fine. People dying. Do people take videotape of people in their last moments? It's Some sick, like, You know, person who happens to have those cameras on the freeway or whatever and a guy hitting in the truck and flying Out that Oh, that. Oh, that's called Faces of Death I think. Well, it's like That. Yeah. It's so, it's someone who's trying to get across the train tracks just in time. But the train hits them and there's a camera and some, Or they're pushed, You know. And then there was this one I just saw yesterday. I watched it like 10 times. It's a guy with one of those suits that jumps off the cliff.


A squirrel. Squirrel suit. A squirrel suit. And he's going far. He's going far. Yeah. And he's fast. And he goes right by the camera and then down in the canyon and smack right into a wall. And this is a real person. It's, yeah. So, and You know, you watch these and now the algorithm knows this is what you want. You're gonna keep getting these, you're gonna keep getting people dying. Yeah. And You know what? I got rid of my squirrel suit right after seeing. Okay. I did. I seriously, man. And I wasn't going off high cliffs. I was like going off the couch and stuff. All Right, well this Is, is That guy, You know. Unbelievable. Take a break. We'll be right back. Unbelievable. No, no. You watched it 10 times.


I don't know how many times it was 'cause I couldn't believe it. Another one was these people up on, I hate the cliffs. Anything high up on a cliff. Yeah. Somehow it lands in front of me at this guy and this woman, the woman jumps off like she's free falling and she's gonna pull her chute. But she kept falling and falling. And then the two guys look at each other on the top, shake their head and they look over the clip and she's gone. No squirrel suit, nothing. Wait, So she jumped off. Why did she jump off with Nothing? I don't know. It was like, You know, maybe she thought there was a bungee cord or something attached to her. Some of these might be fake too. You should look out for that. Really?


Yeah. Yeah. Oh, Sorry. I'm sorry. Sorry to bring the bad news. Also, can I point out, the thing that sticks to me in that story is you say woman jumps off a cliff. Two friends are watching her fall and then they just look at each other and shake their head. That's the reaction you give when you want almond butter. You open the refrigerator. Ah, there's peanut butter, but no almond butter. Shake your head and shut the door. Yeah. That is not an accurate reaction. I think you're one of the two guys. 'cause that's the reaction you would have. Like, no, no. Didn't happen. Are you? I don't like any of this. I don't wanna watch someone die. If I wanna see someone die out. Check out your set at the Laugh Factory. We'll take a break. We're right back. And wait a second.


Za zoom. A Zaza Zoom. Let's Back up. Let's back up to something. When you're finished with your silly childish, I'm Sorry, look at me. That's you're doing. Oh yeah, Yeah, Yeah. I Know how you, I guess I'm the only guy that says Look at me. I know your style. What's that? I know exactly what you do. Let's tell a little bit about my style. I had little, I've been listening to you lately. Lately since I stopped. Listen, this, we've been Friends since 1988. No, but I think there's something to you now. I, I know you're, I know how you work. I know it's, you're just waiting for somebody to say something. So you could just run with some like venting bit and just go and son Sona is just encouraging you to keep going.


Yep. And then it dies down. Yeah. And then there's a last minute thought. You go back into it again. Yeah. Yeah. And the guest is just sitting there. Yeah. And the whole whack pack is laughing at you. The whole whack. You believe it. Lemme get this straight. You're saying I know how you work. I know how you work. I, I see what you're up to there. See you're doing the, I see what you're up to. You're Doing the exact same thing. I see what you're up to. Picasso. I see what you're doing. You're doing your sketches and it's really beautiful and amazing. You could burn yourself doing all this and then you keep going and then you finish it and everyone's like, wow. And then you sell it for a lot of money. I get what you're up to. And then you have a mistress. This is Exactly what I'm talking about. Exactly. Right Here. You're watching an artist at work. Can I Go back to something you can't reduce it to? Can I go back to something that really struck me for for a second that really surprised me.


Boo Almond butter. Yeah. Do you use almond butter? I do use almond butter here Instead of peanut butter. I know it's healthier. I like it better. I like the taste better. The peanut butter. It would jam. Yeah. Strawberry. Yeah. On my wife always complains that I, I leave jam everywhere. It's on the handle to the refrigerator. It's on the steering wheel of the car. Yeah. 'cause it's tough to get off the strawberry jam. You Know some people have accused you in the past of taking, when the conversation's really on fire and on on fire. Yeah. And I'm like really killing it. That you stop it and then take us into a less productive world just to punish me. Which would be sometimes I get a little bit of jam and I'll handle comes the bit and three, But then two minutes, three bits Running with it.


My wife, my wife doesn't like it so much. 'cause there's a little bit of jam around. Is the energy sufficiently lowered in the room now? Is Conan, have we cooled his jets enough now? Go, go. I think we have, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Conan, what else you got? And then I gotta start from scratch. That's what you just did. Are you Done with the third bit? You didn't last two minutes. I expected you to jump on that and help me with it and make it a little more dynamic and funny. No, no. But you just come, come me apart. No, No, no. Have a little slice of fuck you pie is what I say. You're not getting anything from me. So what would, how are you go? Maybe it'd be good on a road trip. You and I. Yeah, I think we do pretty well. I would drive First. I think I would drive. Oh, Would it be a silly truck? Because you blink. Because you blink a lot.


I don't Trust you. Sometimes I'll leave the blinking on Nice. Hey, Where would we, how many hours will we drive a day? I like to, I get, I like to get a lot of road under me, so to speak. Oh, this be difficult. So I'm one of those guys that I like to, I like to log a lot of miles. Yeah. And I get a little OCD about it. Like I wanna just, yeah. If someone says, Hey let's, let's stop for a while and maybe this is enough for today. I wanna always, I'm that guy that always wants to go another two hours. Well finally we're connecting on something. I like to go little bits. You know, you try to get to wherever you're going in one day. Even if it's cross country. I wouldn't do that. No you wouldn't. Would you stay in an expensive hotel or would you stay like in a motel six?


Well, I think I'd split the difference There. Let's say you only had $500 to get where you're going. And then I think I wouldn't be staying in a very expensive hotel. See, you're not helping me. I've given you an opening. You Know. Oh, these are Your openings to be funny. This Is, oh, these are the, these are the gems. Well, everybody would say they're the gems, but you apparently are thinking about your last bit that you did. No. You know, Wait, you can't just say, Hey, hey Conan, you like coconuts? What you ask? I think coconuts are okay. How do you like to open them here? Open with a, like to open 'em with a am I do like to write The Way he, how do you like to open a Coconut something and just go and run With it? I like to open a coconut. I, I, I don't really know Kevin sometimes swear. I haven't really done it a lot, but I guess I'd use like some kind of a, a blade or something.


Conan gimme. What music will we listen to? Gimme gems here. What are you doing? Can We, what music will we listen to in the car or your truck? Whatever we're taking. We'd take my truck, my Toyota truck. Couple of bikes in the back. Yeah, We would have a couple bikes in the back coolers. And I know that you're a guy that likes James Taylor. You like stuff Well, I like everything Now that's So much. You are pretty much locked in. The Brandy Carlisle. She's also an EP on this movie I just did called Cu Me in the Good Light. We'll be out soon. Late sixties, seventies. I think that's your, I don't think you listen to a lot of modern music. I honestly don't. You're Right, my brother. No, I don't. I'm honest with you now I'm being honest. Alright. My brother listens to sixties and I'm thinking I'm not gonna listen to that man.


That's just too, that's giving up, You know? Yeah. And then I start listening to it and I go, yeah, I like this. I like this sweet cherry wine by Tommy James and the Sean Dells. Yeah. You know, maybe that's seventies, but, but just let's, can you just ask me something serious like, You know, that's, you really wanna know about me and I swear to God I will tell you Exactly. And let's see If you can handle it. Okay. As You know, I'm, I know you and I know your family. I know your lovely wife. I, your very handsome cool son and That you don't even know his name, Gable. Okay. You don't need to like, spread it around.


Geez. Why don't you just give him my pin number And I see you. I've known different incarnations of you, but I see he was a guy that now gets a lot of satisfaction out of your wonderful family. Oh, I do. And, and I think that that is, I'm happy for you in that regard. Done. Done. I don't really hear a question though. Why is it so difficult to break through to you when you don't even want to? Because you don't want to know. Because it's too, I do. I don't wanna know. It's too, I don't wanna know. It's Too difficult for you to, You do suspect You'd be the worst interrogator.


You won't even ask the question to the, to the suspect. I am famously A good interviewer. I'm a very good interviewer. I'm one of, I'm, I I think that's a skill I have. You're the only person I've ever known that's accused me of, of being a terrible interviewer. Alright. Let's say I'm a, a suspect. Okay. I'm in the interrogation room. Okay. I just, somebody just robbed brings truck. Yeah. It wasn't me. Well, what do you say to that? Okay. It sounds like you're innocent to me. You're free to go. No, but you're, I I would say I'd ask you a couple of questions. Were you near the bank of the, the Brinks truck when it was robbed? No. You weren't in the neighborhood? No. No. And where were you?


Mm. Good question. You think a suspect never says that to you, Terry? That's a good question. Alright. Lemme go back to that que that statement that you mentioned about my family. Yeah. Very lucky. I do. I do love them. And I'm so fortunate to have them. And I think you feel the same way about your family. Do you? I think you do. Sure. Yeah. They're great. I prefer your family. That's an amazing family. I don't believe you. You are an enigma a little bit to me. I don't quite understand you. I admire you, but I don't quite understand you.


Yeah. Yeah. And I know that you don't really understand me. I think We're both hiding our true feelings, not just from each other, but from a lot of people. I think we wanna be light. Oh, I have a question for you. Have you cried all the Time? Do You Cry? Yeah, because I don't cry. I credit this movie. Come See Me in the Good Light. Okay. Stop doing that. What? Doing what? Stop. That's just so you asked me if I cry. That is so low. And You know what's great about it? It's laughter and crying. Yeah. It's like unexpected humor. Okay. It's just humor. It's, I do Humor. Whether it, why I do you cry? Seriously? I'm being honest now. Who, Who doesn't Cry? I don't cry a lot. I don't think I cry a lot. So you hold it in. I don't think I'm even holding it in. It just doesn't happen. I don I don't think I, I think I've only seen you cry like a couple times.


Yeah. Yeah. When you heard the news about the Oscars posting that, did you cry? I did. I'm still crying. You Know what's interesting? When Eric idle, our friend Eric Idle, The brilliant Eric Ile. Yeah. Can we talk about this? He was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. Yes, he was. And he said he had, couldn't even think about it or had no reaction emotionally, but then when he heard that it wasn't pancreatic and he was fine, he cried. What? I could see that. The relief. Yeah. The relief. Yeah. You're holding it in and you have all that stuff. He Got a death sentence and then, and got a reprieve. And, and he, and he's famously, You know, of course he's famously grew up, He's funny.


World war, Python, World War ii. Yeah. In that generation. After that was, You know, rationing and repression and all kinds of stuff. So yeah. I could see him having Didn't tell you about his father. What happened to his dad? No, he came back from the war. They'd been gone from the war, got into their neighborhood, crossed the street, got hit by a truck. Oh my God. Yeah. A lre as they call him. Yeah. That's the name of a truck in England. Yeah. A an elevator is a See How I bring his wake up again? That's terrible story. I didn't know that. Yeah, sure. And maybe I heard it, but I didn't process it. You didn't care about it? No, It's not that I didn't care about it, but I, I I don't think I knew that. No, I, I may have known that.


'cause I know that I read, I've read a lot about him. I just don't remember that part. You Should have some video games in here that the guest can play. You're obsessed. You're obsessed with, You know what, can I just say, you just brought it back to someone being killed suddenly. Yeah, I bet you're just bitter. There's no video of it. You know, I went to school for marketing. I have a degree, a BS degree in marketing. And of course, You know, a doctor, honorary doctorate, human mean letters. But what was I gonna say? I Don Dunno. Was you just wanted to brag was it was a cracker jack opening? You know, I'm a doctor rah. Oh, wow. Okay. Yeah. The giggles are boiling. The giggles around the boil, the, the turtles around the fire.


Can I help you in any way? Yes. You do. Size seven. You Do. You, you don't, I think at your core you have no respect for me. I really do. Just, I think at your core you have no respect for me. Just amazed. Yeah. We've talked about this. You can't Believe, will you listen to me? I'm not even going in that direction. I'm just, it's Just Amazed how you can you stop the shirt, you the are You took the, you took The sweatshirt. You don you don't wanna see anymore of my skin. I don't wanna see anymore. I should have worn a V knife. I've been There. Okay. Just leave it alone. You're ama What's that? You're amazed at what? No, I'm just amazed at how happy you are. You're telling me that you don't cry. And so maybe inside you're not, but You know, it's such a relief. I think all of us will agree that it's a you Just buried that Connecting with your, the team For that.


Maybe inside you're not, Isn't it great to cry? Yes. And it's such a release and it makes you less stressed and opens you up to, I think, to a happier life. And it shows that you're human and you have emotions. It's just Human with an H It's not human with A y Do You know what t told me once, Nita? Yeah. She said, you don't pronounce your Hs when you say words, You know, it's like, You know, humor. It's humor. Yeah. And then I thought that's pretty right because when I laugh, I don't pronounce my Hs either. It's just I, I i It Is, You know, it is. No, it's, it's, yeah. Okay. But you're right. I don't, but how would you say Herb? I'd say it's an herb.


No, HI Wouldn't pronounce the HI wouldn't say herb. There you Go. Herb is a So stop putting your finger. Herb is a Guy. So Herb is a guy. Do you think there's any herbs that grow herbs? Do you, do you wanna succeed? You, do you want to succeed? Do you wanna succeed on the podcast? Already succeeded? Do you, do you, do you want have a, do you wanna have a successful podcast? Are there any herbs that grow herbs? Have you, sir, at long last, no shame. Are There any herbs that, that are eaten by a guy named Herb? Well, I don't know what to do. Oh my God. I don't know what to do. And I think, You know, I was gonna come in here today thinking maybe now we can have a sensible discussion.


We have a Last time I defy anyone, and again, I I've probably said this before. I defy anyone out there to dissect what's been said in this marathon bib babble session and find anything, a bib bab that connects to anything else. Nothing. Did you say bib babble? I said bib babble. I like the dibble and I like the bib babble. I do both of those. What? You know, Mevo, so well. Sure. You What? You're not paying attention. You, I feel like I'm trying to have a conversation and I like having a conversation with you. I liken it to I'm jogging and you're in a flatbed truck just ahead of me throwing orange cones at my feet trying to trip me and make me stumble.


Have You done this before? Yes, I've done this before. I have. I have. Why am I so confused that you can't carry out a conversation without going into a bit about HIPA bib or whatever? It's Okay. I ask, I ask my friends the whack pack, and you don't have to agree with me, but you analyze what's happening because, no way. Well, some Eduardo, what do you think is happening here? Is, is He slipping? Or what? Is Conan slipping? What am I, am I the someone I'm asking anyone to intervene. Who would you Believe more? A guy who cries and feels his emotions. Or a guy that keeps it in and just gets angry at everybody. The guy that it's consistent. Yeah. There you go. Is the guy. Thank you. I appreciate that. So Wait, so, so coming. But What, but Eduardo, when you, it's very unique when I talk to Kevin and I don't understand what's happening.


Yeah. And I would love someone to explain it to me. Okay. First of all, he's on your team. Nope. I'm gonna, Eduardo is not a, in my team, Eduardo is not a fan. He's not a fan. Okay. And no, nobody in this room. Yeah. I was asked This question last time. Yes. And I'm Asking you again. And I, and I described it then. It happens often, doesn't it? I Think as a beautiful train wreck, this feels like the person jumping off the bridge without the Yes. Why is there, why does that have to be an analogy about everything? Well, because why can't you say what it is? I think Eduardo just said, I don't need an analogy. I understand English. This is you're humor. This is free Fall. This is free fall. Yes. And it's madness. And and yet there will be advertisers that will be connected to this.


You Guys are a hall of mirrors. Yes. You're folding, you're folding in on Each other. Yes. Yes. It's, and sorry for the analogy, but that's what it's, it's a snake eating its tail. It's a snake eating its tail. Of course. Can we go with one analogy for, it's a Snake throwing up its own tail. What? It's, it's a snake throwing up in a hall of mirrors. Yes. That's what this is. And I tell you, sir, I tell you, sir, I, I'm the control in this experiment. I talk to many people and it goes very well. You come in and it, it always washing machine explodes and suds go flying everywhere. So you are the problem. Okay. I'm problem. But that can't be proven Until he talks to a bunch of other people. Yeah. You know? But who's gonna wanna do that? It's, this is subjective. It's subjective. High five.


I Can't reach, I can't reach. First of all, congratulations on the Mark Twain prize. Oh, thank you very much. But it Is a prize. It's not an award. Seriously. A prize is like a Cracker Jacks toy. Am I right? It's a prize. It's don't get all excited. Surprise. No, I'm not. I'm not. Is it in a box? Is it in a box? I feel I'm like a prize pig with a little ribbon. Yeah. I, yeah, I, I appreciate that. At First you think it's a Mark Twain award? You go, you, you were going to receive a Mark Twain of prize. Oh, Just dig through this. Dig through this Cracker jack box.


I was the honorary mayor. Where? Pacific Palisades. Oh God. Okay. Well, that's way to bring it down, man. What? You asked me. Where, what, That's my fault. I specifically, that's My fault. You said I was the mayor. Honorary. I said honorary. That's ridiculous. Honorary mayor. Honorary. That's ridiculous. That's like, oh, I was at Dallas. Oh yeah. When, when Kennedy was shot. Why would you bring that up? Don't yell. I listen to you in the car and you yell a lot. You do. And I have to lower it. He does. Yeah, you do. If you're gonna yell. But Did you see what he did? He said I was the mayor. Oh yeah. And I said, oh, cool. Where? And then he brings up a place where there was a terrible tragedy. Yeah. I Said I was the honorary mayor.


Why would you even wanna follow that up with anything? Look At asshole. Look at me. I I'm looking at you. You're The worst seriously person. Why would you, why would you open that can of worms? Why? I guess it's my fault. I guess it's my fault. Well, yeah. Do you think when you asked me that you knew where I used to live? Yeah. You know where I live now in the Area. I know. I didn't know that that's where you were the honorary mayor. I'm sorry. I didn't know that. Well, I another opportunity for you to expose my life and my personal life and where I lived. Okay. Well, But Seriously, are you okay? Is everyone all right? Did your place, did you I was okay until I got here today.


Okay. Alright. But, but You know, you just undermine me so much. I Don't think I do. Let's, let's not, let's just, I don't think do, let's Say, let's say this was our last life, our last moment I life think this might be. Yeah. We had a good run, man. Well, I worked hard. You got lucky. I think you believe that too. And I think you're right. Do I Think you're right? I think we both had a lot of luck. But you think I had a crazy amount of luck. And I think you Think you opened yourself up to luck and boy, did you get it? No, I don't. You think that's right though? I think we both are unseemingly people that would be make to be a living. This Is proof. This is Proof. You know, This podcast, I think is proof that we are both incredibly lucky people that we've managed to scratch out livings in this business.


And then this conversation is the height, is the height of our, You know what's crazy? What's That pal? What is it? I don gimme something. I can work with You. You call people Palmore or bud buddy. I'm a more of a pal guy. Hey pal, you're A pal. Hey pal. It's an east coast thing. Yeah, just keep, I'm just trying to re remember the name of that tumor that I have. So funny. Do you really have something in your, because I know you have a lot of medical maladies. You've brought it up. Really? I don don't have nothing. What The, I saw you once and you said my shoulder like fell off. You were walking along and your shoulder fell off and you're, and then you had a I said, I felt off the shoulder of the road. That's not true. That is true. Had True. Play it back.


Okay. I'm, No, let's go back to the question. This was our last day on the planet. We would open up to each other. Right? No, I, I Doubt it. Would you cry then? No, I don't think so. I don't think so. What would make you cry? I don't Know. I'm still thinking About it. Me staying here another minute, I think. Yeah. 30 seconds Would do it. You've never seen a movie that made you cry? I, I have. Yeah. I Have. I So you lied to us all? Yeah. No, no, no, no. I didn't say I never cried. I just don't cry often. That's all. Yeah. Not a big crier. I wish, I wish I cried more. I think I'd be a help, but I don't think I said I've never cried in my life. That would be a sociopath. Yeah. No. Did you try when you were younger? A lot? No. I remember, this is a true story. I was in the gym.


I was wrestling a kid. We both fell backwards. I put my arm out to stop it and my elbow went bent the wrong way and I couldn't move it. And I was in incredible amount of pain. And the nurse at the Driscoll School called my mother and said, Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh, there, it's a good story. Finish it up. I'm gonna go get a Glass of water.


Gonna Cry now. Oh my God. Well, you said Mrs. Driscoll or the nurse? I thought this is going nowhere. Yeah. And then my nurse comes in and she says, oh, it looks like you bend it backwards. See that's what you do. And I said, no, I bend it backwards. You're the nurse. Why? I'm supposed about that way. You tricked me into telling a real story about my childhood and my mom and, and then you totally torpedoed me. It Wasn't intentional.


No, seriously Said the son of Sam. Killer. Are we not gonna hear the end of that story? Oh, It's very quick. The nurse called and said, yeah, your son's here, blah, blah, blah. Losing interest. Losing interest. We've already heard that part. We don't need to recap it. Please. No. Recapping. The nurse said, I think he's fine. And my mom said, well, how does he seem? And she said, oh, he is crying a little bit. And she said, he never cries. Let's take him to the hospital. And I had a shattered elbow. Oh. So the fact that I was, any moisture in my eye at all indicated to my mother that there was a real problem. That is proof that I'm not the old boo hoo boy. You know what I'm saying?


Are you okay with me telling that story to other people? It's such a good story. Can I share that? What are you drinking? Is that coffee? This is tea. I'm having a little tea. A little iced tea. Do you have a cold? Nope. I do not have a cold. These are good questions though. You sound A little, let me, do you sound stuffy. I'm not stuffy at all. In fact, I think I have no congestion. So Remember when we had lunch and we were just both being serious with each other? No, I don't. I don't think I've ever had lunch with you. You've never had lunch, period. I've never had a moment with you. Do You ever worry about your weight? Should I, should I worry about my weight? I don't worry about my weight. I worry about my height. Okay.


Do You know what I mean? Do you Think I Don't see, Baron is tall, isn't he Baron Trump, sir. He is very tall. He's tall. Yeah. Yeah. You know, when people say you don't prepare, I always say yes. He does it all. It's all thought out beforehand. And it, some of its, do you have a congestion? I think Baron Trump is tall. One flows into the other seamlessly. What, what's on your mind right now? What's your biggest worry right now besides hosting the Oscars? I guess ending this. Like, how do I end it in a way that feels smoothly? Yeah. Feels like we're, we're still friends afterwards. Mm. It's gonna be tough, but it's still a But it's still a professional ending to the I get it.


I get what you're saying. I understand that. Yeah. The dismount is, is the harder, hardest part with a Kevin Neal Podcast. Did ever do gymnastics? Can you do a somersault? Let's start with That. I cannot, no, I cannot. Never could have you heard one? Never could do a somersault. Really? Could you do a somersault? Well, yeah. Oh no. Oh, a somersault. I thought you missed cartwheel. Cartwheel. No. Yeah. A summersault. Yeah, I could do a somersault. I see people back flipping off of a dock. I think I could try that. 'cause what's the worst that can happen? Oh, well. And on the dock. No, you just, you land on the water somehow. You ever think about that? Nope. Never. Maybe I'll give you something to think about in the future. Yeah. I don't think so. I think we're done with that one. I think there's no more meat left on that bone. Gimme A, gimme a bone with a lot of meat on it.


And let's talk. No. And then you can edit all the other stuff out. No, no, no. We're keeping it all. Because I'm gonna use this. Let me go see your neurologist. Neurologist. No neurologist. That's not where the tumor is. God. I'm gonna, I'm gonna be driving home and I'm gonna think of the name of that. It's a benign on, You know, it's not threatening at all. It's a cyst. No, I said it's a tumor. A a cyst is like a hard nodule. That's okay. Okay. All right. I'm not a doctor, but, okay. No, It's a god. You know what, If you had a good crew, they would've looked it up already. You know, all the tumor's just sitting there, there with their mouth. A gap. A gap. A gap.


A gap. It's a gap. Yeah. What's the last new word that you learned? Seriously, Sona. Do something. Do you use I don know. I don't. Did you ever Wake up and say, here's the word I'm gonna use today. I'm gonna try and use it like five times. Okay. I do something an ingio Men what? Meningioma. Okay. They call it a tumor, but it's really just a, it's just a little, it's about The size of the town in Italy. They have a great, I feel like I've lost You. You lost me a while ago. I feel like you just depleted this. You're not at the top of your game anymore. No, no, no, no. You've, Who's the guest here? Is it you or me? I don't know. You've asked most of the questions 'cause I can't get anything outta you.


How can I, anyone? Does anyone have an idea? Just please end this. Okay. Kevin, You know, I love you. So this could be our last thing on the planet. What? No. You never know. Yeah, I do know there's gonna be a tomorrow. There's always tomorrow. Let's wrap It up with something that really is, You know, thoughtful Okay. And meaningful. Okay. I'm excited for you. I really am excited for you. Okay. And there's nothing, there's no underlining, You know, thought here or No, I can because assure you, I can assure you there is not, I can assure you through hard experience, there is nothing I've Lost. You've lost trust in me as a person. Yes. That can connect and Yeah.


Yeah. I'm not sure I had it ever, but I do. Well, I don't Your mind fascinates me. It always has. It's moving. It moves it. Sure. You're You, you're not fighting. You're not even fighting anymore. You don't Think like, You don't think like anyone else. And I've always admired your integrity as a comedian. And I think you have a unique style. You've stuck to your guns. And, And that's the problem. That's not problem. I need to change guns. No, No, no. There's no problem. But let me, I was talking about you for a minute. I think that you are, I I tried to end it right there. You saw You want go out on a laugh first of all. No, I don't. I'm secure enough to not go out on a laugh and we can just add one later.


I can take a, I can take a laugh from the old Lucy show and add it. You know? I, I really, you should get closer to the I really do. I do appreciate you and I think people, that's funny That you backed away from the mic when you started getting something nice so far that our mics even So talented. Is that you always, People Love you. Do You know if the most watched hike I do hiking with Kevin on YouTube is Con O'Brien. Oh, my son told me that. That's cool. Don't mention to know. And you have Tom Hanks on that. You have all the Stars. Tom Hanks, Jack Black, Paul Rudd. Yeah. You, yeah. I mean, and Molly Shannon. Yeah. Yeah. But you, you have like, you are so famous and I think about this a lot when I go places, I don't get recognized.


I think Conan would get recognized here. But you can go to Finland, you can go to China probably, and they know who you are. Yeah. Maybe Is that hard to, to be that popular for no reason. It was so close. Let's not. We're done. We're done. Hey Kevin, best of luck with your movie. What the, Come See Me in the Good Light starring str to Aen and Le Hoen, executive producer with Kevin on Fox Nation and also Kevin on Fox Nation. Hiking. Hiking with Kevin on Fox, Fox hiking with Kevin is on Fox Nation. I don't know why I keep having you back, but people do. I don't either. People do. Why why do I keep coming back?


People do love it. This, this. We'll see, we'll see. We'll look at the numbers after this one. But God love you Kevin. I love you. And just cover up next time we go out. Okay. All right. I'll wear a turtleneck. All right. Peace out.


The all new Nissan Armada Pro. Four X is an unshakeable fortress powered by a twin turbo V six engine. Yeah. Ready to propel your adventures to new heights. Yeah. Your Voice changes when you do a Car act. I'm trying to, I'm trying to become Will Anette. Oh, okay. But I can't do it. He's like the Oh, new Nissan Armada Pro Fourex. No, listen, I'm gonna, I'm gonna explain this car to you. 'cause this car is fantastic. It's Max 8,500 pound towing capacity has the power to haul all your favorite toys on your next big adventure. You could steal the Statue of Liberty with this. It's incredible. I'm not saying do that. I'm just saying this thing that's a lot of Holland power. Nobody gets left behind with the Armada Pro Four X's premium interior that seats up to eight passengers. That's crazy. I don't know. Eight people going big. Never goes outta style. No terrain is too tough for the all new Nissan Armada Pro four x the most capable armada ever built, built for the most rugged of terrain. The all new Nissan Armada Pro. Four X gives you freedom to explore further.


This message is brought to you by BetterHelp. Quick question. Who's your support system? Have they changed your life? You know, it's, it's really important to talk to people. We live in very tense times. Yeah. And there's a lot of stress out there. And it, I think few things work better than talking to someone, getting the anxieties and everything that's inside of you out. Get it out on the table. Think about your favorite leaders, mentors, idols. They don't have all the answers, but they do know when to ask questions or seek support from their community. So therapy can be a source of support for any area of your life. It's time to shift the focus from doing it all to knowing that we're better when we ask for help. Are you good at that? Sonic good at asking for help. Asking For help. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a very outward person. That's Yes, you are. Yeah. And it's a good, but that's a good quality. BetterHelp is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide, you can access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Easy switch therapists, anytime at no extra cost. And that's important. Yeah, it is. You don't feel awkward about moving on if it's not the right fit. Yeah. This month BetterHelp is giving you the biggest discount on starting therapy that has ever been offered on this show. 90% off your first week, your wellbeing's worth it. So don't miss it. For a limited time, visit BetterHelp dot com slash conan to get 90% off your first week. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/conan.


I don't know if that we're even gonna use this, but I do. We just ended somehow the interview with Kevin Neland. And I want an explanation. Yeah. I want an honest explanation and I want people in the room to say, because people put, I, I gotta tell You Don't think it's me. I think it's all him. No, and then I hear it's me too. It's Both of you. Takes two. Okay. So what is it? It's both of it takes you. What is it? I wanna Know. You can't let it, you can't let it be. I say something and then you immediately, but Neither can you. Neither of you can. So it's just, well, because he gets it Wrong. I gets it wrong and I have to correct him. The Bigger concern here is that you were able to finally end that podcast and now you started it up. Exactly. Yeah. But I can't let it, I I did you finish. I wanna know, I wanna know what happened.


Do You really, really think you're completely just not, not to blame at all about this. I don't wanna say blame because that's negative, but I wanna know who the guilty party is. What Happened with a dismount? You talked about a dismount and I did dist. I try with you and it's him. I can do it. You don try, but don't try. I you don't try with Me. Okay. So, so what is it, Eduardo? Everyone's agreeing that I'm half the problem. Am I half the, Yeah. This, when you two get together, it's like Laker Celtics. It's like the Super Bowl. It's a competition. I think it's like murder and accessory, You know? Okay. Okay. Why do you feel like you have to win every time? I, I, it's not that I wanna win, it's just that I don't know what happens. I honestly don't know what happens.


You Want me to leave and you'll say, got 'em, got 'em. This time it sounds, Do you really think you're trying to have a serious interview and that Kevin is derailing it? You don't really think that. No. You can't think that. Do you think that if I said to him, which I did at one point, like when I do try to say something serious, he's not gonna have it. You know that. Right? If I said to him, Hey, so the hiking with Kevin, you seem to really enjoy those. He'd say, I gotta tell you submersibles, what's really, there's Also part of me that thinks you're baiting him. You're trolling him a Little bit. Yes. You Know, so you guys, You know, you're trading straight man. It's Two straight men in a room and no comedian. Well, it's the problem. It's like you're trading. Here's the problem. Straight man. Just instantaneously.


Did you see, he listened to you for like three seconds and that's a record I've ever seen him Listen to somebody you were actually listening and look At him also. And when you broke down who I am as a comic, just as, hey. Yeah. I mean, what an insulting slam. That's no, That's, that's talent. To be able to do that and get away with it. Seriously. All right. All right. Oh God. I just wanted a quick, I, I am happy to accept I wanted a quick therapy session. I am happy to accept half the fault. Yes. If we can say fault, but I honestly will tell you I don't know what's happening when I'm talking to Kevin.


I don't know what's happening. And I don't think You know what's happening. Oh, I Know what's happening. Oh yeah. What's that there buddy? Boy, you're not Crying enough. Okay. Bit you wouldn't be so strong out. Okay. A peace out two pot. Thank you, Kevin. Goodbye. Good dis amount. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes, incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aren Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer.


Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick, talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista, and Brit Conn. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan. And If you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded,


Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business Easier. Call. Visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today. Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.


Every sandwich has bread. Every burger has a bun. But these warm, golden, smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best, the phileo fish. And you, you can have them too. And you can have it all at two for $6. Like a phileo fish, big Mac, 10 piece McNuggets or large fries. Limited time only. Price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.