
Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hey Marta, welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Hi everybody. Hi Mar. How are you? I'm, I'm just so happy to, to meet all of you. This is really it. This is right up there. Now It looks like you're either having an MRI or where are you? You're in some strange environment that I can't identify. Where are you right now? Physically? You want my, my Lats Longs or do you wanna know what I, what I'm sitting on? Wait, are you in a, you're in a boat. Are you in a boat? Oh, okay. You're in a boat. All right. Okay.


When someone says, do you want to know my Lats Longs? I usually think that means a boat. Lats Longs. Oh, latitude and longitude. Yes. Sometimes, oh, sometimes in clubs. I go up to women and city. Do you wanna see my lats? Oh God, no. No, no. Yeah, you shouldn't do that. I Know. They asked me to stop clubs, so, so clubs, he said, having never been to a club. Your name is Marta. Marta de Wolfe. This is what I know about you. And you're on a boat. Are you a real sailor or how serious are you about sailing? We're starting our eighth year. Wait, eighth year sailing. So you've sailed the, you've sailed the globe? Well, with COVID, we got stuck in Eastern Turkey.


So we've, we've gone about 22,000 miles. Oh My God. Seven countries. Yeah. So you started sailing and you said We, who are you sailing with? My husband. Okay, So the two of you. The two of us, yeah. The two of you sail together. How big is the boat? It's a catamaran. It's 43 feet. Okay. It's a good size. That's a, It's, it's two people can handle it quite efficiently. Ah, yeah. We don't need, we don't need anybody else, so, Okay. So you and your husband for a number of years now have been sailing together, circumnavigating the globe.


Is it treacherous? I mean, I have to admit, I, I used to be intrigued by the idea of sailing the globe, and then I saw the movie Dead Calm. It's Nicole Kidman's first movie, and Billy Zane shows up and he's crazy. And I'm so terrified of late 1980s Billy Zane, that I won't, I won't go on boats anymore. I wouldn't mind it. There's a reason I don't watch those movies. And you also have to pick your crew really well. Well, he wasn't even on the crew. I think the lesson I took away from dead com, and I'm gonna take this away from your life now, and just to the movie dead com, Nicole Kidman's breakout performance was that they picked him up.


He was on another boat, and he came. That's it. You know, rowing their way. And you don't pick up anybody. You don't pick up hitchhiker when you're on the high seas. Is that a good rule? No. No. But yeah, it's, it's treacherous. We've been in a mini tsunami, two medic cans, five meter sea. What's, what's a, what's a medica? It's a hurricane in the med. Oh, I'm sorry. That's not funny. I'm sure you would've known that. I'm sure you would've Known that in the Mediterranean. Yeah. Oh, okay. I'm sorry. You're using all these terms last and longs me. You're not talking Talking. Yeah. The three of us aren't pirates. You know, it's a hurricane in the med. I mean, MECA sounds like something you'd take if you had a migraine, doesn't it?


Yeah. So, so have you ever thought this could be it We could die right now? Yeah. Last year we were in the Ionian, near Kins. Okay. Still, I don't know what's happening. Everything you say Marta is a riddle. We were, we were in a medica. Okay. We were coming where? In Glip Glo near the chip chop. This Is one of the, this is one of the Medicaids. And I could see the eye forming above us. Oh. And we were six hours away from shore, and there were four water spouts around us. And, You know, they flipped boats. So I did, I called my dad and I said, do You know where my papers are?


That was the scariest. But a lot of cool things have happened. Like in eight years, we've had six or seven scary times. That was the scariest. But I would say 98% of it is just dolphins and mermaids. Oh. You know, very nice. Yeah. I'm gonna ask you about your relationship with your husband, because I'm just thinking to myself, if I was in a contained area with my wife, and I love my wife, my love, my wife, my take my wife, please. No, I love my wife. But, but take it easy.


I haven't had my meds, but I have you Medicaid. I had a Medicaid. You medica. I, I'm just thinking of us being in a contained space, having to work together. She would jump over on the ocean for eight years jump. Yeah. She would, she would start, she would start swimming towards the crazy Zane. What do you guys have times like that where you're really on each other's nerves? Oh, oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Did I say there were three bedrooms and three bathrooms? So I see. Yeah. So what is it? But It's, You know, it, it's helped our communication a lot because at some point you have to let go of the small stuff because it becomes dangerous.


So we've, it's really like we, the kids left, You know, they, they, we became empty nesters and Oh, They didn't leave the boat. We were pretty Comfortable. I I got the impression. No, No. They, They left. We, we took a heart. We were really comfortable, turned to starboard, and they went over the side, and so the kids left. So, okay. You were empty nesters and that's when you decided to hit the high seas? That's when we decided, yeah. We wanted, we were pretty comfortable. We wanted to get out of our comfort zone and just kind of see a little bit what we were made of. And we thought we would do this maybe three years, but we're starting our eighth. Wow. So yeah. Seven countries. Incredible.


And I wanna just get to the, if let's say you're not getting along with your husband, what do you do? I mean, you can't do you just, you stay on your side of the boat and I'll stay on mine. How bad has it gotten? Well, there was a time during COVID in Turkey where we didn't talk for quite a while. And actually, I know this is Conan O'Brien needs a fan. But I would consider at one point you were, you three were my only friends. Oh, wow. I was, I was on the kayak and I would go kayak around Cleopatra's ruins and, and some of the only English speaking people. And you'd make me laugh.


You'd listened so much. You'd listened to our podcast when you were not getting along with your husband And laugh. And he's like, oh, she's enjoying this, or whatever. You know? Did I Drive, lemme ask you something. Question. You made it worse. Marta, did I drive a wedge between you and your husband? Did you fantasize, I'm sure. Did you fantasize about being with me and away from your husband? Oh, when, when things were on the rocks. I'm sure this isn't the only relationship you've wedged yourself in between. Oh. Oh. It makes me sound like the intruder. But I, listen, I hope I didn't cause exacerbate any problems. But it sounds like we brought you some joy at a dark time. You, you did.


And I've gotta tell you, I was in a CrossFit class in, in Gallipoli in Greece. And I was cracking up in the corner. And this lady came over to me and in her broken grease said her Greek said, I haven't laughed like that in so long. What are you listening to? I wanna laugh like that. And so I showed her how to pull up your podcast on her. Oh wow. Her, her device. And so there's a lady somewhere in Gallipoli, Greece who's now cracking up lap Maybe, or maybe she's going, I don't know what this is. Marta is spreading the word. I love that. Marta should paint The logo on Your boat.


You know what, Sona has a good idea. The Conan logo on the side of your boat, we'd pay you. I got, and I say that without Team Coco before, before I even checked with Adam. But I'm sure there's money in that. We'll look into it. And I say that knowing there probably isn't All right. I, I'll take, We'll get you a T-shirt. I don't know. Get You T-shirt would be great. It'd be great. I'll wear it proudly. Where are you now? In the world? Well, let's see. Do You know where this flag is from? Of course I do. Oh my God. No, I don't, I I, I'm, I'm ashamed to say I don't. That's it's three legs, Sicily. Oh, you're in Sicily.


Oh, oh. Hold that flag up again. I've never been to Sicily. I've always wanted to go there. It's three legs coming out of a head. That is, It's supposed to be the shape of the island is, 'cause the island's like a triangle. Yep. But we're, we're at the point where we need to lift the boat out. 'cause we do all the work ourselves. We sand and paint. And like today, I, we put the sails up. 'cause during the winter we take all the hardware off and I set my husband up the mast in the SSA chair using the winch course. But we're waiting for a phone call from Malta to see if they'll lift us out.


So it's a 12 hour sale from here. And we'll head to Malta, lift out sand paint, and then head out to Greece life. Wow. What's that? Yeah. So you're, you're gonna go there. When you say lift out, they're gonna take this giant catamaran you're in using winches. They're gonna take it out of the water and put it in a, on on on dry land. They can do what? Yeah. They'll either use a crane or they'll, they'll use a sled like it goes underneath the boat. We've had both done. So we lift it out every other year to service the engines and paint. We have to put more antifouling underneath, get all the barnacles off, and then paint it.


And we do all that work ourselves. You Do it all yourselves. Wow. So you've really challenged yourself. Can I ask you about your life before all this? Did you have a very conventional life? I mean, this is a, well, All that antifouling paint went to my head. I don't remember much of it. Yeah, I can tell you're pretty high antifouling fumes. You'd have to be, you'd have to be High. So you guys, and where did you, where does your Port of Co where did you leave from? Where did you sail out of at the United States On the, well, we left, we bought the boat in France in 17. And then, so we sailed down the, the eastern western coast of Portugal through Gibraltar and da.


But we sold the house in Bellevue, which, You know Washington. Yeah. That's where my wife is from left. She's not from Bellevue, but she's from Seattle. Yeah. So, wow. You've, this Is, You know, I've been listening for years. I know what you all You, you're, you're living, I mean this is a common, this is a fantasy a lot of people have, but they don't do it. And I think because of Billy Zane again, I think he is, I Don't think anybody else else has really heard of that movie much. It's a big movie. Is it dead calm? Yeah. It's a big movie. Four people in this room have not heard it. Well, only one person Has. It was a breakout movie for Nicole Kidman. And I mean, I remember Days of Thunder. They left an impact on you. Well, it did. It's kept me outta the water.


I don't even go near water because of Billy's aim. And you'd think that would be because of the Titanic, but no years before that. Dead calm. Listen, I took us what you could say way off course. Okay. This is very cool what you're doing, I think. And do you still keep in regular contact with your kids or do they not know where you are and haven't seen you in years? They've all been to the boat. They and my father has come all the, You know, it's interesting, when my son first came, I said like, if I were in Oklahoma, would you come see me?


And he's like, hell no. But you're on a catamaran in and Greece. So I'm coming. Mm. And and I get it, You know, I get it. He's just joking. But it is Pretty cool. Yeah. Selling the Greek islands. It's really nice to have a family. The hardest part is where do we get our mail? Did you sell your house? To, to buy the boat. Wow. You sold everything. This is your life now. Sold the house, the car. Oh, life Of Pirates. Have a, I would dress up like a pirate and look for treasure. Well you sort of dress like a pirate. Okay. In general. Oh, we Have found some. You Found treasure. You have treasure. Well good's. I'm sorry you started. Oh my God. Well wait a minute. Let's, let's get off the sim cards and how the internet can be sketchy and get to you finding treasure.


I did, I found some t I they're called Amper am forests. Yeah. Phos. Yeah. Pieces of am forests that are under the sea. They're like little bottles. Right. That, and it wasn't an amphora. Well, They're big bottles. A jug. They they would Transport olive oil. Hold oil or, or wine oil. Yeah. Oil is is There gold? Is there gold in it? No Gold mosaics. Oh. Underneath This Isn. This isn't the Goonies. She turns everything into the Goonies. I know you love the Goonies Sona. I Love the Goonies. I do. So anyway. No, no, no real treasure. If the Goonies were a realistic show, a bunch of kids who talked over each other Okay.


Would stumble. You know what? Don't have time would stumble upon a bunch of, we don't have to big old empty bottles of olive oil. That's what they would find. And they'd call it the rich stuff. 'cause kids don't know what treasure is. Don't have time. Horrible movie. Imagine Them on a boat. Geez. Yes I can. Yeah. And I have you, I've dreamt About it. Have you? Okay, let's move. We went, we got into Dangerous Shoals here. Marta. Well, before we go, any advice from me on, do you, do you think I have what it takes to sail the No. Do you think I do. I've actually got a few jobs for you. Oh yeah. That when, if you decide to come to visit. Right. So the, we've got really high ceilings, so I think you could, you would be fine. And the bed beds Are, that's the first question I ask before I go anywhere.


Yeah. And a king size bed. Right. And king size beds and every, but I, when you come, if you come to the boat, we would give you two jobs. One, you could reef the main and two, you conferral a jib and you conferral a jib by hand. Sure. Because that's, we don't have the electric winch for that. And you're strong enough. I know you work Guy. I'm a strong guy. Yeah. Thank you for saying And you can tell I'm strong, just probably from looking at me or just from stuff you've Read. I've heard you brag on the, on other Questions. Oh yeah. If you good word for it. So you're take you're you're going off that by from me. Okay. That's not good. Yeah.


So reef the sail and, and, and, and jib the jab. Those Are the main And Furl. Furl. The jib. It's furl. The it's jib the jab. Please. This sounds like stuff I could do. Well I do. I don't know. Yes. Wanted, go Ahead. Do You know the difference between port and starboard? Like the, the, the easy way to figure it out. Gimme the little quickie. Yeah, I know. Okay. Starboard's to the starboard's, To the, it's four letters, right? Port is four letters. Left is four letters and port. What color is port wine? Red, red. Red. So everything's red. Left is port. Everything else is starboard. Oh. Oh. Huh. That's, I, I always knew that star was to the right.


I just, I did know that. Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah. I knew starboard was to the right And it's green. Yeah. Hmm. And it's green. Yeah. So this is right up there with meeting the Michael Jackson of Albania in Albania. I just wanna tell you how Exciting he's been. You met the Michael Jackson of Albania. How's he doing in Albania? Yeah. Okay. Oh, he's good. He's Really good. Does he look anything like Michael Jackson? Not at all. Yeah. Right. Not at all. Yeah. And Sona, before we go, I wanna tell you, I went to the only Armenian village in Turkey and there's 103 residents and Oh wow. And Habitants. Oh wow. And I thought of you, I was there. I thought if I ever, I don't know if I'd write you a note or something, but I did think of you.


I thought, oh, That's nice. You know, and really close to Syria. Yeah. What, do You know what It's called? I was just thinking, I wonder if it's the village my dad's from. No, that's not it. Oh my God. Excuse Me. Okay. Bless you. Bless you. That's very cool. I go there, I'm allergic to her talking about Armenia. Oh no. I, I, I just sneezed and it was an accident. But Sonas father was born in a village. Right. A long time ago. And Seabass Pasta, No, Seabass. That's, that's in Turkey. That's where Ash FEA was from. Yes. That's where my dad's from. See? Right. See this is cool. Yeah.


He grew up and you said that he doesn't even have a birth certificate or he got one. Someone would come twice a year. Well yeah, they came and they Yes. Yes. Is his birthday on this birth certificate? His real birthday? No. Right. You know, but Got it. Right. Is it a document that said he was born? Yes. It's very cool. I love your dad. Your dad's a cool guy. Cool mustache. Okay. I knew the mustache coming. Marta. I will, You know, if we cross paths, I will try to help you on the boat. I'm gonna be honest with you. I'll probably just hang out and Well that's All right. If there's Snacks, most people think we lay around and drink chardonnay all day. We don't. As you probably have gathered. But you could, if you came to see us, you could lay around and drink chardonnay all day.


Right. Like one of the desperate housewives Completely Covered. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. That's the sun is a problem for me. So I'd just stay, I'd stay below deck I think and Put you in a big, big hat. Yeah. I just stay under the covers in my bed, my king-sized bed. And I get one of those hats that you can drink beer out of. Only I'd put Chardonnay in it. I just lie in there and I'm on a boat with my flippy Floppies. Yes. Flippy Floppies. It's why I'm drunk. Well Marta, it was really nice talking to you. Stay safe. I have a question for you though. Oh, You do? Okay, go Ahead please. I do. So I know that you are a, a pizza aficionado and the marinara is your go-to pizza.


Yes. So I went out with a group of friends. They said it's the best pizza place in and I'm in Sicily. Right. Everybody says it's the best pizza and every restaurant says it's the best pizza. It was so disappointing. And yeah. I'd like to know when you are looking at these different pizzerias in, in throughout Italy or New York or wherever you are, how do you determine what a good pizzeria is? Oh, I have to see the pizza. I have to actually see the pizza. I have to get eyes on it. Hmm. The best pizza I've had is in, in Naples. I had amazing pizza, Napoli. And so you could get there pretty quickly from, from where you are now.


You, there's probably just a couple of hours. Depends on your ladder. Your long, yeah. One hour and a car is eight hours for us. Okay. Well it Would take about three weeks to get there. Really? I think you should get rid of the boat. It's got a private plane zip around. But yeah, get eyes on the pizza and if it looks good, it probably is good. That's all I can tell you. You know I, pizza is like people, I know a good one when I see one. Oh. Looking around the room. Oh lot. It's a lot of people Smell A lot of bad pizza in this room. Aw Marta, it was a nice chatting with you. Happy sail. It was in Honor Red. Red dawn at night. Sailors won't fight.


Starboard to Lee Mis mass so bad. What's going on? Lots of glee. Lots of glee. Thank you very much. Avoid debris. It's been out in the sun. I think that's a hotdog bun. Oh my god. I'm going to go to the hospital. But it was nice talking to you, Marta. You take care. Okay. I really enjoyed it. Thanks for having me. Bye-bye. Bye-Bye everyone. Bueno. Bueno. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley. Produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy.


Supervising producer Aren Blair, associate talent producer Jennifer Samples, associate producers Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash Conan.


Please rate review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien Needs a fan wherever. Find podcasts down.