
High Five Casino lets you play your favorite slots and live table games like blackjack. You love blackjack. Donna I do with the chance to redeem for real cash prizes. Yeah. Yeah. I love blackjack. you get to go Hit me. Hit me. Yeah. And stay. And, yeah. And stay. That's the other one. Yeah. I stay. Yeah. Good, good one. Yeah. High Five Casino has a giant selection of over 1200 games, including hundreds of exclusive games only found on High Five Casino. It's always free to play and free coins are given out every four hours. You can tell time by it. Ready to have your own high five moment. Hmm. Nicely done, copywriter. Visit high five casino.com. That's high. The number five casino.com. No purchase necessary void. Where prohibited by law must be 21 years or older terms and conditions apply.


Robert, half research indicates nine out of 10 hiring managers are having difficulty hiring. I didn't know that. I didn't either. If you have open roles, chances are you're feeling this too. Interesting. That's why you need Robert half. Yep. don don't think that's a person. That's the company. Okay. I was confused. Yeah. Yeah. Their specialized recruiting professionals engage with their proprietary ai. Welcome to Connect businesses of all sizes with highly skilled talent and finance and accounting, technology, marketing and creative, legal and administrative and customer support. See it. Robert. Half They know Talent. I Wish. I had had Robert Half back in the day when I was hiring. Okay. So no offense. Sona. Oh, it, I feel like you did mean to offend me. Yes. You wouldn't be here if I had had Robert Half. Visit robert half.com today.


Introducing an SUV where everything for every passenger feels just right. The all new 2025 Infiniti QX 80. Wow. Infiniti's most luxurious, full-sized three row SUV full of customizable advanced features. You know, SUVs quite handy. Yeah. They are store a lot of stuff. You got a family, you got a bike. Take care of it all with an SUV. Want some personal attention? Individual audio technology isolate sounds to the driver's seat. So if you're listening to me right now, you're getting the best quality cone and sound and biometric cooling technology automatically cools passengers in the second row. And you wanna keep those second row passengers quite cool. Discover you are just right. Visit infiniti usa.com to learn more about the all new Infiniti QX 80 20 25 QX 80 is not yet available for purchase expected availability. Summer 2024. Availability of features may vary by trim level packaging and options.


Hi, my name is Lisa Kudrow And. I. Feel good? No. What? No. really good Boo. Yay. It's terrible. It's like you're in a hostage situation. That's just One of your oldest friends. Oldest and best friends. It's funny to be mean. Yeah. It is funny to be mean. I prefer it Falling Back to school. Ring the bell friends.


Hello. And welcome to Con O'Brien. Needs a friend. I'm sitting here with Son of Obsession. Yes. Professor Matt Gorley. Hi. Yes. Did. you guys ever get a tattoo? Ever? I bring this up because this is just interesting to me. When I was a kid, you just never saw a tattoo and unless it was like a Navy guy or something. Well, what I'm saying is when you did see a tattoo, it was quite like stunning. Yeah. Tattoos traditionally started in I I. do think it started in the Navy. And I. Think it started. I could be wrong. Not that it started But. it was picked up by, I think British sailors. I could be wrong, but I read a book recently that was talking about Captain Cook roaming around and British sailors saw they went, they'd visit different islands and they'd see the people of those islands that had tattoos.


And it got them interested in it. But it used to be this almost a sign of you're I'm an outcast or I'm part of this elite group that doesn't fit with the rest of society. It was quite shocking if you saw a tattoo. And now, now it's the opposite. I mean, now to see for someone not to have a tattoo would be kind of crazy. None of that's why I thought be No don don't have one I. don Never I know. If I ever told this story, I I would've thought you'd be a candidate for having a, A tattoo. I know. So one of Tax's friends works at this like beauty c like company and they needed somebody who didn't have tattoos so that they can make a video where they show how they put the products on and then take it off. So I I ha I did it because I don't have any tattoos. Oh. And And, it was really weird.


And they didn't want a tattoo on because they thought it would, It would probably, I don't know if it would be distracting. Yeah. So for like, I would say, especially If the tattoo said products suck, Why would someone have that tattoo? You know, that would be the problem. That's hurt me a lot in getting commercial work. Yeah. Where I'm bare chested. Oh. Is because I have like three tattoos. Yeah. That's why that say commercials blow. Yeah. Believe the opposite of what I say. Fuck the system. Yeah. I, I want, I mean, I would get one. I think my great grandmama had a tattoo. Really? Your great Grandma. Yeah. When you go, well, she was in the Navy. Was she not? She Was, she was, she was crazy. She, when you go to Jerusalem, 'cause there's an Armenian quarter, one of the things that people do is they get a tattoo of the cross on their wrist.


Oh. And, and, and Med Zeke, my great grandmama, she went and did that. She got it. So she had a tattoo, which was crazy. I Thought, I thought I'd get a tattoo and try heroin right before I die. Wait, are you being serious? Yeah. No. Are you being serious? Why not? Well, you know What? Why Not? No, but I don't get, I mean, the heroin, of course we've all thought that. Oh, well, because the Reason being, But the tattoo there's is somewhat painful. And then you, you Say just, well, not if you're on heroin. Oh, That's true. But if you But isn't the idea that, I mean, why would you, There's never been anything I wanted on my body that I wanted there 10 years. Like I'd have a Phantom Menace tattoo. If, if I, you know what, you know what I'm saying? Like, if you get what you're into Yeah. On a tattoo. Nothing stays with me that long. You know, I think they're, I like, I have, tak has a lot of friends who have tattoos and it's cool.


Like, they're just like, I just want a tattoo. And they just go and get a tattoo. And, it looks, I like the way it looks. Eduardo tattoo, four of 'em. Four of 'em. Okay. Do you wanna talk to that? Yeah. I, I got 'em when I, when I was, when I turned 18, I, I started tatting my body up. But there's people like Soda said, like, just, just artwork. They, their body is a canvas now. You know, it's also interesting, I've, I, I talked to some people, you know, some people have clearly chosen very carefully, but I was talking to one woman who she said, oh yeah, when I started, I just let people do whatever they wanted on one arm. Like, because my friends were getting into it, but just learning. And you could tell like they were more, it's just a To-do list.


Yeah. Literally it was things like eggs get eggs dry cleaner, but no. And then you could see the other arm was more artistically figured out, but she was very relaxed about it. And to me, it's almost how people carry it. Which is if they're super, if they're incredibly relaxed about it, like, I Know don don't think I would do one on my face. Well, of course, no. Do you know? But there's people who do tats on their face. but I, I also don't have, like, don don't have a real job. You know what I would do if I got one on my face, I'd do glasses. And I would constantly say I'd got, oh man, I can't read that. I gotta get my glasses. And it'd say, you've got your glasses on. I go, ha fooled you.


There's people who tattoo eyebrows, like to fill 'em in. Oh yeah. Like per permanent. Oh, yeah, yeah. Makeup. Makeup by Tattoos and lip liner. And exactly What tattoos do You have? Eyeliner? They're all on my arm. It's all Oh yeah. Lettering. Oh, nice. Different words. Conan Blows. This product sucks. Bla you Benny. No, I, I think tattoos are, Hey, Take it easy. You don't have just shout. Relax. Just Relax. It's Fine. Relax. Really? You know what's so funny? Suddenly you were like testifying in front of the Senate. I know I went bla What about you? Yes or no question. don don't have any tattoos. but I think they're, I think I'm glad you lowered your voice, by the way. I I think They're a little easy. I I think they're a little easy.


Oh, what? Because it's like, well, look, look it, it, if you love something, you get it tattooed on you. Right? Yeah. Okay. That just happens once All. right. Fine. If it's real, if you really love something, you would write it on, on yourself on Sharpie marker every day. That's dedication. Okay. You know, it's easy to get a tattoo. Oh. Oh. It's their pyramid. You know, I'm just saying like, every day, you know, drawing the Punisher skull or something on your chests. A real, Someone did this regularly. That's real school. That's real. I think someone regularly, I may Or not, when I was younger, when I was younger, I may, or I think Someone's Tough on myself all the time. But Did, You draw the punisher on your chest. Did you Yes. No question. Senator. Where no one could see it too. I mean, I mean, not that no one saw your chest, you Know, he knew it was there.


I knew it was there. Wow. You drew the punisher on your chest with magic marker. I'm just Saying it take takes real dedication. You don To Drive. It's okay. You're Doubling dedication down on this. More dedication. Yeah. It also takes dedication. If you really want to drive your car, build one from scratch every day. Every day. And then drive it. Oh, anyone can own a car. But if you really care about cars, you keep 9,000 components, then you assemble one every day. If you love something, like I love The Punisher. Yeah. If You draw It on your body every day, Show us your drawing today. It's the worst. Yeah. Show us your drawing today. No I know. It's, it's faded since. Yeah. I don. I don't just get a tattoo. You Know, I, I don't even know what I would get. Or Just to get yourself outta your comfort zone.


'cause I feel like people are like, Conan wouldn't have a tattoo. You'd be like, look at this. Yeah. Check this out. Yeah. And then it's just a tattoo of Dick Van Dyke. Oh. Which by the way, that be, you know what I say that like, and that is not a put down at all because I revere Dick Van Dyke and he was one of my role models. So Yeah. That's kind of would probably just be Dick Van Dyke would say. I think that would be, That would make a lot of sense. Yeah. You Came in with a sleeve of your comedic icons, you know, there'd be like Bob Newhart and the Three Stooges and you know, that's a cool, that's a cool Certain stooges. If you could pick, Pick between image or words, you had to get one Tattoo. I would do image. I think because I, I, you know, words.


What do they mean? You Have to explain it a lot. Yeah. Yeah. You have to be able to read. Yeah. Forget it. Forget it. Yeah. What if I got like words and you looked at it And, it was like a, a frown is just a smile turned upside down. Like hone in, But in real hardcore lettering. Yeah. Or just, yeah. Real hardcore goth lettering. Yeah. A you know, a smile is just a frown turned upside down. Yeah. When life gives you lemons. Make Ada, it's like in gothic lettering and there's little blood dripping from it. I know. Yeah. I, I Might do that. I would don don't know. Hmm. I'm not ruling tattoos out. Yeah. I'm not either. I think it's, it would be something I'd do when I was older, like figuring, you know, this is the last chapter of my life.


I'll stick with this. Let's go for it. Yeah. Yeah. When is the last chapter of our lives? Next week? Oh, Jesus. That book sucked. It's a novella. I got news for you. Short stories. What a crappy book. This is the last chapter. I know. Certainly this is just book one. Nope. That's it. Conan. And then he got a podcast. The End All. right. No more time. Shall We Waste my Guest today? I said it like Yoda. You should get that Tattooed. I'm gonna get that tattooed t Trance stamp. No more time. Shall We Waste? Oh God. Yeah. Oh, that's my tech stamp. Oh.


That's just like an invitation. Like, get in there. Get in there. What are you waiting for? Oh, what a wonderful way to get into this lovely interview. She deserves better with one of my, Lisa deserves so much better than this. My guest today start is Phoebe for 10 seasons on Friends. Now you can see her in the new Apple TV plus series. Time Bandits. She's one of my favorite people of all time. Lisa Kudrow. Welcome. Thank you so much for being here. Oh, thank you. Yeah. For having me back.


Well, I mean, after we like to hang out all the time outside of this world, so it's weird. I always thought, I always felt a little was weird when you would, all those years you would come on the late night show, as you know, the huge TV star And. it was just always so like, so I'm so excited she's here. And it. There always felt like there was a thin veneer of This is strange You. Don't know. Okay. The first time I was on, you said, listen, don don't like that thing. When people know each other, you know, on the show. Yeah. Yeah. And then, you know, they're just talking like they know each other. It leaves everybody. Let's not do that. Yeah. I was like, okay, I have to pretend don don't know you. Oh my God. Yeah. Yeah. So my friend, friend, then I put on a mustache When you came back, I know.


It's, it's my, that was your first, I'm gonna use a term that I think is trending right now. It's my hangup. You know? Isn't that Oh, that's true. don don't know is but you No, it's from the sixties. You Wanted her to pretend she didn't know You. No, it wasn't that. It was, Is that true? You didn't wanna be too inside? I get, I get, so there's two things. If there are people I know in the audience, like family members. Let's say it's Beacon Theater and there's 2,500 people. If I have one family member in the crowd, it bothers me. And then if I have a really, like, someone's important to me personally, but they come on in this and they just finished this movie. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah.


I called JibJab and the Honeycuts. Yeah. Here she's Lisa Kudrow. It feels weird. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. I don't know why. It just feels weird to me. I get It. But, but the f it was just the first time I was on Yeah. That you said It snay on the, you know Me a on the, yeah. On the friendship fray. Yeah. And Ship And I went. Oh, okay. Oh my God. Yeah. And then I think I overdid it. 'cause you came out And I said, is it Lisa k ro And is it Frans? You couldn't pronounce French. And it had been on the air. It was sh it was the biggest thing ever. Is it Frans?


Yeah. Remember I tried super hard. You were, yeah. You went the other way. I went the other way. So you're just an idiot Wouldn't be looking at. Yes. Okay. Wait, what? Did? you say, she's just an idiot. I'm an idiot. No, but then, but then you warmed up to me. I have a hard time. It always, I always find it strange. Like, okay, for example, today I get up and they send me these notes and it's like, here's our research on Lisa Kudrow. And I'm like, I've known her forever. Your incredibly important person in my life. And it's just so weird. Like, here's your dossier. And I'm like, Oh, her father Is a doctor.


You know What I mean? It's just So strange. Started She studied biology. Yeah. Studied biology. And I. I look at it. And, I. Go, don't. What is this And I. No. The reason to Watch the first episode is like, these two don't know each other. Okay. I have one thing I have to bring up to the whole room, which is, which is weird. but I, I'm very healthy guy, knock wood. but I went to my doctor recently and he said, you know, the last couple times I've checked your blood pressure, it's high. And so I said, well, I'll just test it at home, which I did. But he said, no, that doesn't work. You gotta wear a cuff for 24 hours.


Oh, A cuff or a A There's a thing around my right now. Oh. So he, they put it on me today, a couple of hours ago, and it's fine. It's just gonna take my blood pressure for 24 hours. And God, you know, if it was a little high, they might gimme something. but I don't think it will be. Anyway, it goes on here. And this thing hangs off of me And, it looks like, oh my God. It's collecting my urine there. A giant, yeah, there's a giant tube. It clearly is. Yeah. And it, it, it's is this giant tube. And so it was so funny because I'm all scrambled. I I go racing over there. I get this thing and then I'm driving back and I'm thinking, wait. Right, right. Who's on today? And I'm like, Oh, it's Lisa. Who is going to who? I know, because you are fascinated by all things medicine.


You are And. I. Just, I just thought you're either gonna make fun of this or no. What? I don't know what, All I could think to say was, well, but then what is that yellow liquid drip outta it's, I thought I was supposed to urinate into it. And what is that smell? It's not bad. No, It's not bad at all. Ammonia. It smells. Oh, thank you. Oh, you're fixing me up. I'm like, look at this. My collar's up. You're fixing it. I'm showing you your blood pressure to be, I'm showing you the guy, the giant walkie talkie that's hanging off of me. Will you mop his drool today? But the reason I, the reason I'm bringing it up is that at some random point during this interview, it's already happened like five times since I drove away from Cedar-Sinai.


At some random point you're gonna hear, and one bicep is gonna start to inflate and then it's gonna, and then you're gonna, and that's it. but I felt like, well, that's gonna happen probably while we're in here. Yeah. And when it does, I'll make sure I get the mic on it. But Let's do an experiment then. Okay. This is why I like medical things. Okay. What's the experi? I'm looking, You're the audience. And. I'm looking at you. So if you start hearing that, take a deep breath three times. If it, when it starts to happen, It take a deep breath. Hold it. You hold it, you know, like a, like a minuscule little meditation thing. Okay. To bring your blood pressure down. Here's the thing, and we'll know exactly what time it is.


Okay. I That's true. That's True. Wait, so I, to calm Your, your blood pressure down, But why would I artificially give myself a different blood pressure than the one I normally have? Mm. Well, to see if it can come down, my friend. Oh, Well, at least you admitted we are friends. That's what came, that's What came out. Can we make it go up in joke form? You know what, in joke form? Yeah. In a joke reality. You And I are friends. This to me, my friend, but yeah. So that's, I just wanted to clear the deck. That's what's gonna happen at some point. Okay. And it's not a big deal. I think I'm perfectly healthy. It's just one of those things that this, you know, guy said, and then they go into this whole thing of we want that back.


This is how much it costs. And I said, yeah, yeah, I'll drop it off tomorrow. And they're like, well, let me, you need to sign a form. And I. Then I told them I was gonna sell it on Pico Boulevard. It's like $2,000 this morning. But didn't that make your blood pressure go up? Because mine just went $2,000 and now I'm really nervous about this thing that I have to get back to them at 11. So they're gonna say, I need open heart surgery when I go to them. Even though I'm, I think healthy as a, as a horse. Yes. With high blood pressure. I got enraged. Just what do you think of me? Yeah. I get that lecture. Oh my gosh. No, not at all. No, I'm just, if I were you if Yeah, exactly. And Someone's telling me we need that back. Well, I really, I've Always stop it.


That always makes me go the other way. I always go to try and get it back and Well, I will. I mean, I would Yeah, of Course we're Very responsible. But, but I would still get just a little enraged. Yeah. Hyper. You're hyper responsible. Don't you have To give it back to, in order to get I Know now. I don't wanna give it back. Why Would you not give it back? Because I want this. You Know what I'll tell you, I Want this, first of all, it's called the Oscar two And. I want it? I never got a real Oscar for good reason. Never been in a film. but I, I want this, I want to keep it so you can't And Don don't want pick. What do you mean can can't? I can do whatever I want. But that's why, by the way, I'm sure they went, oh, he's famous.


Everybody knows who he is. He just like, people give him stuff all the time. It's so better. Let of better Know. You don't get to keep this On. You know. It's, you know, it's, it's, it's my version of, I've always heard that when big stars divas go on a photo shoot and they wear jewelry. They try and leave with the jewelry. You don't, you, you've heard that Right. They try and leave with things. You would never do that. Try Or do Or do. Yeah. No, I've ne what? No, you Don't do that. That's stealing. Yeah. It's called stealing. But I've heard about, I mean, it's an old thing. Yeah, I have too. My version of that is I don't give the blood pressure cuff back. Well, you Also give an Oscar two a big shout out and that, that's more than $2,000 publicity.


Goodbye. There you go. Oscar two. Yeah. They Owe you another They owe me three of these. I want the good ones. Listen, let's bring this, bring this back on track. I'm clearly suffering from high blood pressure. I'm a little off. You don't care. Mine Went up too. As you get older, it goes up Because our, what happens, our, our capillaries Get don Don't know. It's not. No, because then I just realized my husband's has not gone up at all. And your Husband is the coolest guy. I know. Yeah. He is the most Michelle. He is. Yeah. So cool. And every time I see him, he's like, Nan Nan, how? Oh, you look fantastic. And it's like, he always looks perfect. I don't. And he'll work in a little. Yes, you do. He'll, we're always work in a little dig.


You know how to dress. Thank, you're Good. Thank you. I got there. You you knew the old me who didn't know how to dress. No. From I think, well, don don't know that. I don't know how to dress. So you were always ahead of me. I Remember you being not a big fan of the cars that I drove back in the day. I had some shitty You're So excited about the Ford Taurus. And. I didn't understand that. I, I was, I told Lisa I had this really shitty car. Oh, you invited me once to Liz and Gerald's wedding your friends. Yeah. Yeah. And you said, I'd I could be your plus one And. I was like, yay. So I picked you up And. it was in a car that I had bought at the airport that was used at the time in the eighties.


This thing was a absolute piece of shit. And in the backseat it looked like someone had butchered a, an animal And. it was in a suzu opal, which I think they made. Oh yeah. They made like two of them. And then they said, this is more of a don don't know what this is. It might be a clock, but it's not a car. but I took you to a wedding in the valley. And I remembered picking you up and driving And. it was like, and we had to go over the 4 0 5 freeway. And there's a big hill. You have to climb And I. Remember thinking, I'm not sure it's going to go over. But Lisa, I'll never forget when I picked her up in the car. She went, oh. Oh, okay. This is, you know, bunch of years before friends.


You were doing the, Hmm. Oh yes. Well, oh, Oh, Oh, look back. Look in the backseat. Oh, well that could be blood. I don't know. And it was really funny. Then I finally was doing okay work, you know, and then I finally, and then I had a, my second car was a 73 Plymouth Valiant. But then finally I said, I'm gonna buy a new car. And I. I told you And I called you And. I said, I'm coming over. I'm coming over baby. I bought a new car. And I. Want you to see it. And I came over. And I. I bought a brand new Ford Taurus. Oh my God. No, You were so excited. You No, it's a GTO. Right? Not a GTO. What's It called? SHO. Super High Output. Oh, Okay. And you said, no, this is, no, this is a fantastic car.


Yeah. This car. And it's fast. I mean, you were saying No, no, this Is, I kept saying it's the wolf and Sheep's clothing. The wolf and Sheep's Clothing was the, oh my God. You don't get it. And. it looks Call wolf and sheep's clothing. It's, it's a Ford. It looks, it's a Ford Taurus on the outside, but it's got an incredible engine in a stick shift. And then What color was it? Four Ireland Green. It was an Ireland green. Oh, Ford Taurus on the outside. Four Gemini on the inside. And then, but I'll never forget pulling ear, waiting out front. 'cause this is like, I swear to, this is so long ago. You're waiting out front. 'cause I said I'll be right over it. Are you waiting? And And I. See you looking at me. And an architect couldn't draw a more perfect o Lisa's mouth was just a perfect o.


And then I was like, I can't get over a wolf in sheep's clothes. I know. It's like you're saying it might look like this, but it's a good car. I promise It's a good car. And. it was brand new. And. I bought it in Massachusetts. And when I bought it, I didn't know how to drive stick. And that's how I learned how to drive stick is with a four tourist that had a stick shift. Why Did you buy a stick? 'cause that's what men did. That's what men Oh, if you had a fast card And they were cheaper too. Yeah. You didn't get, you know, some wimpy automatic transmission. You No, no. I needed to have full control over every inch of my four toys of the Wolf.


It was just a time when people who like started doing well and then, you know, got their dream car was like A BMW. Yeah. And that's what I was expecting. I expecting A w And then Yeah, I went, Tim, I couldn't tell the difference between that and a Dodge Dart. It was not, I couldn't tell that my grandma had a Dodge Dart And. it just kind of looked similar. Yeah. I think what I was going for was, I'm so confident that I have these cars that an old lady would drive. That's how cool and confident I am. And it never worked. Mm. And it's because I wasn't that cool and confident. It did. Yes. No, you were, but you were But you also said, no, I don't like flashy.


Yeah, I don't like flashy. And it. And then I didn't like flashy either. It turned out, right? Yeah. 'cause the first time I on friends and everyone's getting new cars and you know, you see all our parking spots and it's a, a Mercedes coop and a Porsche and all these fancy, these cars. I got a Acura legend because I didn't know how long the show was gonna go. Yeah. You And that was in season eight. You know, maybe we'll only have another year. I can only be, that thing lasts forever. Never. That's so hilarious. Especially if your spot was like next to Matt LeBlanc, who Oh yeah.


It was because And, it was, he was such a gear and is such a gearhead. Yeah. That I could imagine. He had a different crazy car every week. And you're like, well, the Acura has a lot of glove compartment space. I know everybody going. Yeah. That's sensible. I guess. I don't Know. You did the sensible thing. I like, I want it to be sensible. David, as you know, I just went to Paris. You did? Yeah. With my family. And we had a blast. Yeah. but I gotta tell you something. We were staying in a hotel. It was a fine hotel. But you come in and outta the hotel, you know, and the guy at the door, you know, tips his cap, And, I, bow And.


it just starts to feel like I'm a tourist, you know? Sure. With the bowing. Yeah. Just the whole thing. Yeah. And, you know, miss, you, did you get the, the croissant we put under your pillow? You know, it's like, well, don't put a croissant under a pillow. It gets all crushed and flaky. That's a little Weird. Yeah. And I was thinking, Hey, wait a minute. Last summer. Do you remember this? My daughter wanted to go to this music festival. Oh yeah. Outside lands. Yeah. We got an Airbnb in San Francisco. It was just felt so comfortable. And, I thought, oh, I, I should have done that in Europe. We could have got an Airbnb. Yeah. Stayed at some nice apartment. Yeah. You know, I like that feeling, that relaxed feeling. It is nice that you're living like a Parisian or wherever you are. If you're in Belgium or you're, you're living like a Belgian, it's nice.


It'll make you a whole new person, I think. Well, I think it Would And I think it would make me and everyone would say like, look at that French guy coming out of his pene. Yeah. I'm excited for this new you. I gotta say, these are just some of the reasons I love Airbnb and, well, I don't know. I think our listeners should stay tuned to hear more about my potential summer travels Sona.


You know, I'm quite the grill master. Yeah. You have your own apron and everything. I do. Yeah. Yeah. It says the Grill Master. Is it work? but you know what the point is? You gotta keep it simple. Don't get too fancy. Okay. You know? Yeah. And you know what I like about Miller Lite? What? They keep it simple. All. right. Un debatable quality tastes as great as your barbecue. Oh, here's the thing about Miller Lite. And I was thinking about it last night. And I couldn't sleep. It's the beer that strips away most everything you don't need and holds onto what matters most. That's good. That's Miller Light. The light beer with the most taste, less filling, and only 96 calories. It's the original light beer since 1975. Mm. Say it with me. That's the year the Red Sox won the Pennant. A perfect companion for Grill masters across the United States of America. Yeah. I'm grilling and sometimes I have a Miller Light with me. I'm grilling along And. I'm still cooking, but I'm taking little sips. Yeah. Your bros are there. You grilling some chops for your bros. I love chops for my bros. And you know what? Sometimes I say it's chops from my chums just 'cause it's too cha sounds. And sometimes afterwards we do the Chacha with Miller Light in hand. Grilling doesn't just taste great. It tastes like Miller. Time to get Miller Lite delivered. Right to your door. Hello. Do we live in heaven? Visit Miller lite.com/ Conan. Or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 Calories for 12 ounces.


This message is brought to you by BetterHelp. I think a big problem I think accentuated by social media is that we all compare ourselves to other people. Yeah. Social media may make it look like someone else doesn't have any problems or their, their life is pretty easy. And, I. Think as an old saying, comparison is the thief of joy. Yeah. It's easy to envy other people's lives. It might look like everybody, you know, has their lives together based on their Instagram. But in reality, they probably don't. Therapy can help you focus on what you want instead of what others have. So you can start living your best life. I've made an effort. Every time they take a picture of me, I try and look a little bit sad. Aw. Just to try and communicate to people. It's complicated. I'm a happy person. Yeah. But it's complicated. Yeah. You know, I've had my struggles. We all have. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. And that's huge. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Conan today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ Conan.


I remember back in those days you had a don. Don't know if you ever make this sense, but you used to make a, make something which was you would take m and ms. Yes. Pour them into a pan. Yeah. A big sheet pan. A sheet. Yeah. On floor. Put 'em in the oven and melt them. Well, Not Totally. Not totally. Yeah. But, so that, but crack some of the integrity of the m and m is is compromised. Yes. Okay. It sounds like the point, right? That was the point. Deep breath. No deep breath. Hold. Exhale. Can I Have a raise?


It just spiked. The podcast just got canceled. Well, that would be like, my days are free. This is the part I don't like. I don't mind the inflating part. What I hate is when it's going down and there's the throbbing in your arm, that just always feels gross to me. Does anybody else have that? No. Okay. I'd like to be excused from this podcast. That was, I thought that was some exciting podcasting that just happened. Yeah, It was. What? What throbbing, what do you mean throbbing? When you compress. Yeah. The arm. The blood. The blood. Then of course you feel it going thump, thump, thump in your arm.


I Don't have that. So one of us is dying. Do you ever think, wait, we gotta Get to the end of this M and msms thing. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. So you would make this thing Yes. And. It was like, yes. We do This big sheet of kind of quasi melted m and m. Yeah. Just It's, it maintains its integrity if done right. Right. It's just that it, the candy cracks and a little bit of the chocolate bubbles out And. it tastes like a different kind of chocolate. Right. It tastes like good chocolate. Do You still, do you still do this? No. When was the last time you made that? Because you used to make it a lot. Well, yeah. When I was young and could have m and ms whenever I wanted. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, it's been a long time. Right. I think after I had Julian, my son, I stopped doing that.


'cause we had to be more healthy. I think of, I Haven't done it in a long time. Those days. LA living in a $380 a month apartment. And I remembered. I made one thing and one thing only, which was Bumblebee tuna fish. I'd put it in a bowl. I'd put a bunch of Miracle Whip in there, mix it up. I'd put it on two pieces of toast to make a sandwich. And then I'd have that with a bowl of the oodles of noodles. Ramen. Ramen. Yeah. And I. You'd think, oh, okay. You do that maybe five times in a row and you're good. I'm made of that stuff. My entire body. It's probably why I'm wearing a blood pressure monitor right now. I think there's the source of the throbbing.


I've destroyed my body. The flavor packet alone. Oh, I love the flavor packet. I know God knows what's in there. Right. But that's all I did. And I. Think back on that now, just as you said. Yeah. We were all just automatically doing these things and then now, no, I would not get an suzu opal. Which By the way, didn't you share that with Greg? Yeah. My writing partner, Greg Daniels, And I initially shared it. And if one of us had to date, we had to ask the other, if we could borrow the car. We were adult men sharing an apartment. We also shared an apartment share. We shared an apartment and we also shared an office where our desks faced each other at and And a car.


And a Car. I mean, it's more than any married couple. Yeah. I know. Absolute madness. And then, but also You guys had, you came out here with jobs. Yeah. You, we had a tryout at a job, which was not necessarily the news. Oh, that Was a tryout? I think so. I mean, meaning we were signed on to do I think four weeks. And then if it didn't work, which is why we were so petrified that we bought the cheapest, we rented a car. And, then we realized Greg was always really good at this. It'd be cheaper if we just bought this absolute piece of shit. Yeah. That they're giving, that they're selling at the airport to SAPs like us. And we bought it. I remember it had a sticker on the back that it said, iHeart my, and that was the face of a poodle.


And I tried with gasoline to get that thing off. And it wouldn't come off. And so I just decided, okay, I'm just gonna go with it. Yeah. I mean, back then you And I went through this, you know, this, this time together where neither one of us knew like, what's gonna happen. Right. I was getting writing jobs. You were working At my dad's office. At your dad's office. Yeah. Headache clinic. Yeah, The headache clinic. Yeah. And you did some research with him on that, right? I Did. Yeah. Well, that's right. Specializing in the What. Is It. The left-handed people have more cluster headaches. That was the question. Headache types. Like amongst all, there were nine different identified headache types. And does handedness, is there any association between handedness and what Did you find out?


No, there's none. Oh, okay. All. right. There's none. We've talked about our friendship before, but one of the things that I remembered giving me a lot of solace was I thought, because I came from the East coast and had gone to this whatever, you know, ACA, very academic school and had no, I hadn't had any training in acting or anything, or written professionally. And I come out to La And I felt very self-conscious 'cause And then I go to this improv class and And I noticed the, the person who I thought was the funniest, most interesting person in the room, Lisa And I started talking to her. And she's just graduated from Vassar.


And she's pre-med. And no one in her family's done this. Right. And she's And your mom went to Vassar. Yeah. My mom. That was another thing. You're like, oh, my mom went there. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you know, when you graduate, don don't know if that's everybody. But first thing you ask someone who looks around the same age is, so where'd you go to school? Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. And so, I don't know. We just do I know. I know anyone there. Do we have anyone in common? Yeah. But I, it was, it just felt like, well, wait a minute, she's doing this. And she seemed very confident and like, well this is, yes, this is what I'm gonna do. And Well, I was confident once I saw you in the class, And I figured out what to do based on what you were doing. 'cause I didn't understand the terminology at all.


Like commit. It's like, I don't know what that means. Commit. Right. Commit to being an actor. don don't know what that means. Right? Yeah. But you didn't see me do anything. I made a beeline for you right after you did the, you know, space ball or lift a disc, All this embarrassing stuff that you do. But you did it with commitment. You weren't making a meal out of everything. You were just doing it and you just looked like you actually were lifting a disc or you actually were throwing a ball and everybody else was girl anger. You know, And I thought, I can't be part of this. I can't, I just can't. And you didn't, And I made a beeline for you.


Oh. And said hi. That was really good. I'm Lisa, You know. Well, you know, one of the things that's funny is you, you And I are both this is, we were in improv together for all these. That's how we really got started. And there's aspects of improv that's, I'm sorry, are embarra. It's embarrassing. Yes. There, there are parts. And you're an incredible improviser. And I moved on, got a writing job in New York at, at SNL. So Greg And I left. So I was gonna, I think be in the Groundlings. I was headed just about to go into it when I had to leave. And we had done all these classes You were going to, he was absolutely going to get voted into the Sunday company.


Yeah. But I was, which was gonna mean a lot to me. And then it's like, Nope. Paying job. Gotta go. But what I recall most from that period was, there's a side of both of us. This is a similarity we have where we want to do it, but there's some embarrassing stuff that goes with doing improv. Right. And acting these kind of exercises. And neither one of us had much patience for it. And, I thought, is there something wrong with us? And I'm a fan of the show hacks. And I was watching the third season of Hacks. And there's this great scene where Jean Smart agrees to do some improv. And she goes backstage and all these kids at like, I forget where it is.


It was on a university campus. It was on a University campus. And they're all saying, Hey, let's do zip stop zoom, zip zap zap zoom. And, and she's there. And she's established as one of the great comics of all time. And she's achieved everything. And, and she goes, let's, let's not do that. Let's, let's just not do that. And then they're like, okay, let's do BB Boo A bit, B boo. You know? And then they're pretending to throw things at each other. And I thought it was such a great scene. And I thought of you because we've had it since where we, you And I have been asked to do improv. Yes. That's what I was thinking. For a good cause. And you And I will show up. And once again, let's Do warmups.


Everybody. We're In an alley. We're in an alley. Oh No. Well, literally we were, remember this one? We were literally in an alley, like down by Sael or so we're in an alley outside with about 11 people. And they And. it was for a good cause. But they said, okay, okay, we're gonna raise some money tonight. We're all gonna go out there. And first of all, it was way too many people. Yeah. Like I think if there's more than, if there's like 40 people doing improv scenes together, I just think this is insanity. Yeah. And then they were saying, let's do some, okay, let's go bip. I'll say say B. And then you say, zipped up. Do and you. And so I stomp it and said, is it okay if I just, I'll write you guys a check.


Tell me what my presence here will raise for this really good cause. And I'll write you a check. And then I just want to go home. And of course people were like, dude, what happened to you man? You know, like I was letting down, you know, you lost the improv spirit. I'm like, I never liked this part. I Always hated this. No. And then I'm the, and then I'm the just like this coward or get along to go along who's like, sure. And then it's my turn. I just don't do it. Oh no. It's called passive aggressive is what it's called. Tell me more about this passive aggressive. I'd like to learn how to do it. Not that it's funny 'cause it's ironic, but No, but that's, by the way, we, we also have that in common.


Yes. We're so much therapy to stop, stop being passive aggressive or manipulative in any way. But then I'm just passive aggressive to the therapist. I'm like, oh, well that's a good, I, oh, it's good advice. That's Really good advice. Is that passive aggressive shit? I thought that was just Dick being an asshole. No, no. Am I in trouble? 'cause no, that's very kind of, you therapy's not the place to say exactly what you think because then the therapist can turn on you. Right? Oh no, never show a therapist your vulnerability.


That's one thing I've learned. 'cause then they'll use that to try and get you I know. By the way, this is not a bit for me. I mean, every word I've just said and I've learned a lot, I gotta go Not until my blood pressure settles. So I got a, geez, I had this great front row seat to knowing how crazy funny you were and how gr you know, just fantastic. You were, and then for a bunch of years. And then it was just to see you, not just nationally, but internationally. Everyone go. Yep. She her, she suits. She's like the funniest And I thought. How cool to see that beforehand.


I don't know. That's a, yeah. That was an amazing thing to get to see. Yeah. And also to someone who's a really good person and deserves it. But thanks, that was, that was passive aggressive. There were definite air quotes. Well, there's A difference between a lie and passive aggressive. I'm confused now. Tell me how to be, oh my God. But that was really, that was cool. That was cool. And one of my favorite, 'cause you got married at the, was it the end of the first season? Yeah. Right after the first season. And so right before the show exploded. Yeah. Yeah. So the, the show has been, it's been made But, it like kind of blew up over the summer, but it's just starting to blow up. And you have your wedding. Yeah.


And I'm invited. And you sat me, I've been doing late night for like a year I think, or maybe year and a half. You sat me with the cast. Yeah. I'll never forget. I have such a clear memory of, 'cause everyone was so young. Yeah. And I'm sitting there, And, I am the vet. I've been on TV for like a year and a half. And so I'll never forget there was this kind of Matt LeBlanc especially. It was kinda like, huh. I mean, don don't know. What do you thinks gonna happen? And I was like, I think you guys are good. I think you guys are good. And some people table were like, really? Do you think like, this is insane. Yeah. And then I think right around that time it became bigger than Catholicism.


You know, certainly more lucrative. And I've seen that. don don't think so. No. Vatican is really looking shabby. But, but yeah. I, But by the way, same for me to see you. Okay. Here's what I have to say. That I know you had a hard time. Yeah. At first. Yeah. I mean, I saw that you had a hard time, but you kept just being, you doing your comedy. And then everybody came around And. it was like retractions, you know, like, Hey, we were wrong. Yeah. Oh, this is what he does. Oh, this is who he's, Oh, it's not his fault.


This is, This is what He does. No, No, no, no, no. It's like, oh, this is the comedy. It's hilarious. Oh, that's nice. Once, once they figured it out. Yeah. But, But you just can, That was Harrowing showing up as you I know. Because You don't know. Are they ever gonna get it or are they ever gonna, No. And also they're telling You don people of America doesn't get it in the next three weeks. Right. You're out of here. But that was And. I was, I was hearing that a lot. And then I would think, Nope, we're still gonna do the weird thing tomorrow. But That was a huge life lesson for me that really, yeah. Hmm. You just show up. You do what you do. Either they get it or They don't. Right. And if you get to be there long enough, they will.


They're just gonna see that's what you do. And it's different. But then they'll come around And, it was sort of like, you know, HBO shows. Yeah. By the way. Where like, oh, I've never seen anything like that. What the fuck is this? Yeah. Oh yeah. You can say, what the fuck is this here? But, and then they go, okay, well I guess this is what it is. Right. And then they, and they come around and that's what you did by yourself and took everything and just kept showing up and kept doing it. It didn't affect you. Oh, Well Wait a minute. I don't mean personally. Yeah. I mean, every night on your show. Right. It didn't, you behaved as if none of that was happening. 'cause you had a show to do.


Your situation was so intense. And I saw you go through that, which I can't even begin to imagine what that's like. And I know that, that level of Yeah. Oh my God. You know, one of the friends is buying an avocado. We've gotta get a photograph of it Did. you know what I mean? Yeah. Just the intensity of it. Yeah. But I mean it. I didn't, I'm don don't remember it being too bad for me. But there wa there were six of us together going through it. I mean, the first time anything happened, you know, we were doing the publicity stuff we have to do, and there was an Entertainment weekly photo shoot. And by the time we're done, it's, it's dark out and we're all walking out to our cars.


And in the parking lot, it was tons of paparazzi, you know, like you're blinded by the flashbulbs and, and, and they're not just calling your name out. That was the other big, they're mad calling your, they're like, Lisa. Lisa. Like, Yeah, Fuck you. You're not looking at my lens. You know, David just like screaming at all of us and like, why are they angry? What happened? What is this? It was Terrifying. There's a flip side to that energy. It's, it's, they're excited to see you. And there's a great moment in that Scorsese movie, king of Comedy where Jerry Lewis plays basically Jerry Lewis.


And he is walking down the street and everyone in New York is shouting out. Jerry Jerry. 'cause he's playing a big talk show host. Yeah. And he's, and and a woman is on the phone, she's talking and she goes, Jerry, Jerry talk to my son and holds the phone out. And Jerry Lewis just goes, can't right now. And she goes, you should get cancer. Yeah. That's, and I've always thought that is a, that is an amazing, yeah. It captures something that both of us have seen. That's, yeah. There's this, those little maggots that flip instantly. Oh, oh, oh, oh, fuck you. Yes. So, oh, you're always dealing And I. Think I'm always trying to get ahead of that and make sure everyone's happy. Which can be a mistake. God bless.


Yeah. No, well, Well that actually only happened to me once in London. Of course. Yeah. Where, I mean, I guess they're just so repressed there. Right? don don't know. but I was there with my husband. It was kind of early on, but friends was big there and we were in a department store and he left me to go look, you know, at the men's section. I don't know, something, some else had an Ascot probably to get an Ascot or a beret. God, that's right. Yeah. A Silk Beret. And where did they have their berets? Yeah, No, you, I need a baguette. I mean he's really, I'm sorry, Michelle. And a bicycle. So he went to the bicycle section with his baguette beret And he was trying him out.


Go on, go on. I Was just gonna say, and first he went down to the makeup department to draw a mustache. Mine, not of mine. But. anyway, so he stepped away for two seconds, which was long enough for a pack of women to come over and like, oh, I won't do the accent. Right. Oh, it's how exciting to see your own friends. Yeah. Oh, could we get a, do you mind signing this? Like, no, not at all. Oh, that's nice of you. Oh, I guess you shouldn't mind though, because you did sign up for it, didn't you? I mean, there really is no room to complain. And then one after another. You did ask for it. Like they were getting mad At me and you were giving them what they wanted. Yeah. And I didn't say one word. Yeah. They just did it all on their own from happy to see you to do we have, we need a rope and a tree branch.


That's what it felt like. You know, like a gallows, you know, like they went from, who was so happy to see you to stringer up. It was nothing right now. There Nothing. You did how Dare And my husband, And I just was getting kind of scared. 'cause I felt like it was two seconds away from getting physical. And my husband appeared back and, and they stopped and just went Lovely to meet you. And walked away. And I went, you don't know what just happened. Yeah. And you won't believe me because you didn't see it. Because when you came up I was like, oh, ooh. That was so scary to me. Yeah. I didn't say a word or do anything other than smile and start signing. Ah, yeah.


I've always felt like, you always hear, it's Like a horror movie. Groups Like I always The Beatles, they would say we had each other, And I think that must have been a godsend that you guys could Yes. Compare, you know? Yeah. I was on the set once and could just see that like when I think at once we were all at one point we were all near the sort of the dressing room area, and everybody was just sort of chilling before we went out and did this thing. We were gonna shoot And, I thought, oh, they've got each other. That's gotta be such a godsend. Oh, It was. Completely. And also, I mean, and we kept each other in check pretty well too, because not one of you is the star of the show.


You know, you're accountable to five other people. That was great. Yeah. That was really good. And I. Forget what I was gonna say. Hmm. I'm concerned about You a branch. Where's my blood pressure cuff? No one's. I'm just gonna take my, no One cares about me and Us and put it on you. But yeah, Because there was a backlash for us, like after two or three seasons, I don't remember. But, you know, we didn't know to stop. We're just doing what the network and studio were asking us all this publicity to do. And we were way overexposed. And, and, and so there was this big backlash and we, I remember the six of us met because we were asked to do something, And it.


The discussion was, do we do it or not? 'cause we always would discuss everything we were gonna do. And what we realized was, yeah, let's not do it. 'cause really all we have to do right now is just show up at work. Let's have like a moratorium on all the press. Yeah. And just show up. And I remember saying or, yeah. I remember saying like, Conan, like Conan. He just showed up, did his work every night. Even though the press was rough when he started all that. You just show up, do your work, deal with the task at hand, and then it'll be okay. And so, And they were like, who's Conan brought it that dork from the wedding? I know.


No, they went, that girl. What's that? That tall nervous girl from the wedding. but you know what, How Do you know Tilda Swinton? She was at your wedding. They seemed so, they were so happy to see me. And then I realized later it was 'cause I thought, I was told to ENT and Well, and she wasn't even famous Then. Yeah. They just said, you look like an actress. That's about to break. Do you? Okay. You come off of friends and then you can figure what's, how do, what do I do next? What are the next, and the projects that you did afterwards to me and friends is fantastic, but I love the comeback.


Oh, thanks so much. And it's beloved. I hope you know that But. It's absolutely revered And. it was so well done that there were times when I was watching it that I got suckered in. Because when we've talked about this, the actor who played the head writer who was so cruel to you. Yeah. And he Terrific actor. Yeah. Lance Barber. Yeah. Lance And. it, he, but he was really being a passive, just an incredibly acidic, mean cooler than you treating you terribly. And I was getting really upset on your behalf. Oh my God. And then I remembered there was some where I am, I met some television academy thing and people, And I meet him.


And I swear to God, like I got, I was mad at him. He's The nicest person On the, the planet. He's the nicest person. Yes. I know. It's just that We ruined him. I mean we, Yeah. He can't work now, but, well, no, he's the, He's the dad on Young Sheldon. Yes. Oh, I know. I was making a joke. I didn't wanna, okay. I watched young Sheldon. I didn't want anyone to think. We don't know that he's really successful. Yeah. Okay. Well yes. He got his due. Yeah, Of course he did. I don't think you'd needed to ruin the rhythm of everything for that. Okay. I just want Everybody to be happy. What if He listens to me? Can we get a when? How come people see Young Sheldon? When's it on? Too aggressive.


I think it's cute. What's it now? Oh, it's over now. But it's streaming. It's On. Okay. It's streaming. You'll can see young. She streaming Paramount. It's on Paramount Plus It's the time we have. Come on everyone Help Chuck Lori. He's only got 15 syndicated shows. I'm setting up a fund for him and for Greg Daniels. We're gonna get them both I know, taken care of back on Their feet. Get him back on his feet. But what's nice is you did that and you had me as a guest on web therapy. Web therapy. Yeah. Thanks for that. And yeah, I really helped you out But. it Did. Yes you did.


But what I'm saying is you, a lot, you chose these projects that were really smart and right for you. What's cool is, I think you, you, you got these fans who I'm sure know friends, like friends like you on friends. But then you got to don don't know. That takes, I think I, I think you made very smart moves. And I. That sounds too calculated. But Yeah. 'cause it wasn't, It wasn't. You just, you made, you went out and you made stuff that interested you with really talented partners. Yeah. And I think there's a bunch of, That was the smart part. There's a bunch of people who love that. They just, they love that work. Yeah. And it's you getting to be, show a completely different side of what you can do than you maybe got to do on friends.


Yeah, that's true. I do credit What you with? No, I have to say yes. You had, you know what's really brilliant about me? Yeah. I just, 'cause this is serious. You did though. 'cause I got a good hunk out of this for some sort of one man show type thing I had to do. It wasn't a one man show. But. it was like I had to do like 40 minutes. but I got such a good chunk out of, and this is all to your credit. Where, who do you think you are? You are And. I'm sure we've talked about it. But you said Conan, you're gonna have such great ancestry. And I told you I wouldn't. And you said, no, no, no. Everyone says that. But then it turned out they're related to Charlemagne and they're related to Joan of Arc and they're related to, well I Wasn't saying you were gonna be related to Charlemagne.


Charlemagne the God. It's Different. Shocked. You know who that is. I'm so, aren't you Eduardo? Aren't you shocked? Shocked. You have no idea the knowledge I have. You have no idea. Yes. Wait, wait. Yes. We, yeah. What, Is It. We do know the knowledge you have And. it doesn't involve Show the gods. My God. There's a Charlemagne The God. Yes. Yeah. Huge entertainer. On what show? He hosts a radio. Oh, it's a person. Yeah, he's, he's podcast calls himself Charla host, char, Charmaine, the God. Yeah. He thinks a lot of himself. Yeah. Charlamagne the God that's his thing. Here we Go. Oh no. Oh, Hold on. We don't have to hold our breath for This. This is why we don't think you would know who Charlemagne the God goddess.


Because we're listening to your blood pressure thing. So you're saying no one who knows who Charlemagne, the goddess is, is doing a 24 hour blood pressure cup chat, holding It up to a microphone so everyone else can hear it. I just, I wanna get the word out on this device. The Oscar two is fantastic. It's getting to the throbbing part, which I don't like. It makes me uncomfortable. I don. That Will be going back to the doctors later today. Yes. Tomorrow. Tomorrow. Tomorrow at 11. Or will it If you wanna meet me on Pico Boulevard down sort of near Highland. Do they meet? I can't remember. It's all a blur. I, don Dunno. Who's they? Who's meeting you?


The black market. The streets meet the Okay. The streets. Oh, the streets meet. Yeah. I'm sorry. I've been I'D every day. I'm driven to work in a stretch Hummer. Okay. With murdered out windows. So don don't know what's going on. The black market medical device gang. Anyway, You don. So specific. You were so positive. So I gave you guys the, the whatever cheek swab. Nothing. I hear bupkis. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. And then I had to call you Yeah. And say, Hey, what's going on with, you know the big special we're gonna do about all my in You said the big special. You said there's nothing I know there's nothing. No, I didn't. There's Nothing. No, no. I didn't. You are trash. Well, here's why you didn't hear from me. 'cause I kept, we'd get our updates from research.


And. I kept saying, keep looking. Come on, it's Conan. You gotta find something. Come on. Like, there's nothing. And they're saying no, but everybody in, everybody in Ireland has the same name. Oh. And, and the families. They named the kids. Yeah. The same names. Yeah. After Reardons and every, like, we don't know which these people Yeah, yeah. And I said, well, we think it's this family. And they had something so fascinating and interesting and they said, well, we can't definitely verify that. That's his family. He's like, well, I almost said do it anyway. He can decide if it's, it's his family. Just fake it. You don Dunno what he knows. What was the thing that was so interesting? I don't remember Really clearly.


I, I don't Remember. So one of the things about It was really interesting. Your, It was string of unsolved murders Kind Of 18, 10 sort of, I think one of the See you do know about it. And. it was his family. That was my family. It's family lore.


David, as you know, I just went to Paris. You did? Yeah. With my family. And we had a blast. Yeah. but I gotta tell you something. We were staying in a hotel. It was a fine hotel. But you come in and outta the hotel, you know, and the guy at the door, you know, tips his cap, And, I, bow And. it just starts to feel like I'm a tourist know. Yeah. With the bowing. Yeah. Just the whole thing. Yeah. And, you know, miss, you, did you get the, the croissant we put under your pillow? You done. You know, it's like, well, don't put a croissant under a pillow. It gets all crushed and flaky. That's a little weird. Yeah. And I was thinking, Hey, wait a minute. Last summer. Do you remember this? My daughter wanted to go to this music festival. Oh yeah. Outside lands. Yeah. We got an Airbnb in San Francisco. It was just felt so comfortable. And, I thought, oh, I, I should have done that in Europe. We could have got an Airbnb. Yeah. Stayed at some nice apartment. Yeah. You know, I like that feeling, that relaxed feeling. It, it is nice that you're living like a Parisian or wherever you are. If you're in Belgium or you're, you're living like a Belgian, it's nice. It'll Make you a whole new person. I Think. Well I think it would And I think it would make me and everyone would say like, look at that French guy coming out of his pene. Yeah. I'm excited for this new you. I gotta say, these are just some of the reasons I love Airbnb and, well, don don't know. I think our listeners should stay tuned to hear more about my potential summer travels.


There's nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you. Check this out. That's nice. Whether you're going on a weekend getaway to the mountains, or let's say you're on a dream vacation, or in my case, a work trip to Thailand. It's just fantastic. Let me explain. It starts the moment you take off with free in flight wifi so you can stream your favorite show on the go. I mean, that's incredible. That is actually Pretty sweet. I love that. I mean, that's insane. I'm always there with my credit card. You know, I can't figure it out. I lose the credit card. Yeah. The phone is stolen. Someone punches me. You start crying. I cry a lot when you land T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands and an upgrade to Hilton Honors Silver Plus you're covered with five gigabytes. Five gigabytes. That's more than four of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with the go 5G plus or next plans. These are just a few of the perks that feel like big wins when you travel with T-Mobile And. it, it's nice to stay connected to your family. I travel a lot, I do these travel shows. And if I'm filming another country, I know I can get to my family right away. Yeah. They usually don't wanna speak to me. But they have to. They screen Your calls a lot, don't They? I suspect them of screening. Yes. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel today. Qualifying plan required wifi were available on select US Airlines registration and Hilton Honors membership required for Hilton Honors Silver terms and Conditions. Apply


proof though that all this cool stuff that you've done after friends is that you get this call from Tika Titi. Yeah. No. And Jermaine Clement texted me from Oh, he texted you. Yeah. I'm gonna, can we make it a call? It's more dramatic. Okay. Yeah. No, he reached out on social media. Yeah, But I'm just picturing, I just wanna see an old bake light phone ringing. Okay. Okay. And you pick it up. It was an old bake light. You've like cold cream on your face. Yes. And a coiler. It's like, yeah, you've got a call and it's an operator. This is Wrigley 5 0 2 5 5 a Tyco Wiki's calling. I'll take it. Who? Yeah. Oh.


Michelle's in the background throwing a medicine ball around with like a 19 darling hush. It's the head of the studio. But they called you and apparently they're like, we, they've always wanted to work with you. They've always been fans and they've been waiting for the right thing. And they have this project Time Bandits. Yeah. And so And so. I said, yes, Of course. 'cause it's Tika and Jermaine Clement. Come On. Yeah. And then I think that's Jma. Clement. Yes. Everyone's nodding. That's right. That's right. I didn't know at the time. I just know that we got together. Liza And I and you Michelle.


We got together and you said, well, I'm leaving. We gotta go now because I'm leaving in two days to go to New Zealand. New Zealand For six months. And For six months, And I thought that you had committed a crime. I gotta get out. But now I know what it was for. So I committed A crime. I can't tell you why, but I have to go to New Zealand for six months and then everything should blow over and I'll Be back. I gotta lay, I gotta lay, lay low. I gotta lay low. You know Me. Oh, I know you. That's not To ask. So this thing's incredible. It's, I mean, f it's first of all, it got to see the first episode and in the first episode, everything.


Yeah. Pretty much gets ramps up very quickly. Yeah. Yeah. But this is, I'm seeing you do something. This is action adventure comedy. Yeah. I was running around. You are running a lot there. Talk about blood pressure explosions. And I. I was watching it thinking I know Lisa doesn't like this. Yeah. I know for a fact. She'd be like, oh, why? Why Stop the noises. No, no. The it's fake. But you've gotta hear it and then run Did. you not, you might don don't know. No, it wasn't that bad. Wasn't that bad. Except The explosion on the ship. Yep. Yeah. That was like, so you know, you all, you know, be where you were in your places.


Be careful that you don't touch the barrel. I'm like, what? And I've got Kal, who's the freakishly talented kid, right? Yeah. He's great. Kal Tuck with me. And. I went, what? What do you mean? No, it's not gonna, it's not gonna blow up now. Like Right. But don't touch it. Okay. Yeah. Okay. But we have to run by it, so don't bump into it. Anybody, you know Yeah. In the ca. And we run by and then we're off the set and they're like, no, no, that's not gonna blow up. We'll switch it out. And. then we leave. And one of the, another guy in the cast like sort of stayed behind and looked And. it was just, they didn't move anything. That thing blew up. And I was, okay, let's have a health and safety talk now.


Right now. Yeah. No, not right now. It was later after I found out. Like that was, what are you doing? No, don't do that. Don't trick us into being next to A barrel of explosives. Explosives. Yeah. Yeah. Did. But Did, you like making it. Was it fun to do? Yeah, It was really? It was, yeah. It was really fun. And. it was covid, so it was covid hours, which means only 10 hour shoot days. God Bless. God bless. Covid I know. Sorry. That's gonna come across, you know, kind of wrong. Long. You could die. I'm sorry. It's Fine. But you weigh things better hours on a shoot plus mass and mass deaths. And then you, you weigh it. Hollywood celebrities, don don't know. Things balance out. Yeah.


There's gonna be some blowback on that. And that's gonna be on me. I Like, like that. My take on this is, what's the joke? He's only saying what we're all thinking. Yeah. It was very, very, it was really fun. And that place isn't that place how condescending we were in Wellington. It's the most beautiful place on earth. I mean, nothing Has, I've never been to New Zealand. And, I wanna go. Yeah. It's just, We were running around in forests. We would go on location and we're running around in forests and No, no. This has been untouched and there's no development anywhere near here. And this is how it's been since about the time that we are pretending to shoot in right now.


Right. Oh my God. It was really, that was thrilling. It was so beautiful. It was. And everyone was nice. I was blown away. The, the show looks spectacular. Yeah. And you get to be, again, it's funny to see you do your comedic rhythm in Yeah. Over the top action adventure. But it's, it's you. Do you know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. It's a version of, it's a version of you. Good. I first couple weeks I was panicking, like, I don't know what I'm doing. I think I'm doing like five different characters. Like A couple times I think I'm doing Valerie Cherish and then I think I'm doing the woman from web therapy now. Like you guys, someone direct me, help me.


And And, I went to Tyke. I said, I'm really struggling here. And he and Jermaine went, are you? I said, yes. What haven't, you can't tell. Nah. Looks the same to me. Yeah. I'm like, oh no, you have to gimme notes. And he said, okay, I don't know what notes I would give you. Oh no. Oh no. What's gonna happen? Right. They think they can trust me and they can't. They've made a terrible mistake. They've made a terrible mistake. A voice that goes through all of our heads all the Time. I'm gonna be on the next ship back to, I'll just take this prop Gallion and go home. Is This But it? Then It was fun. Can I ask you, is this true?


I think it was Jen Aniston said, she said that when you guys were doing friends that you don't, it just occurred to me right now. Lisa doesn't like it when the audience is laughing. It's something, it's something she's said like you're, you would say something And, it would get a big laugh. And it would irritate you because They were laughing for too long. It wasn't, it wasn't that funny. That's why it wasn't an honest response. And. it irritated Me. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. It's like you're, now, you're just ruining the timing of the rest of the show. I mean, there are other lines. I didn't say it. Sometimes I would just look out, they'd be laughing too long and sometimes I would just look out and go, come on.


Really angry. I can see I can see that. I can see. but I, I understand. But no part of, I would happily let those laughs splash along. Yeah. Because, because a TV show is not for the studio audience. It's made for the TV viewers at home. So that's who we're in service to. Right. If it were a stage play Yeah. Laugh as long as you want. I'll figure out things to keep my character busy. Right. Waiting to continue with it. That's fine. You know? Right. But then it's being filmed and now I'm just sort of like standing there. And then you do like things that you hate. You know, just like, no, that's right. I said that, you know, and Oh, It's terrible.


I think they instructed our audience not to do anything like that. Right. Yeah. I think a warmup person who tells the crowd don't laugh. Well, oh, we did so many takes. They did stop laughing. Yeah. Which Then made the writers think, All. right. It doesn't work. It's like, well, it worked. It worked the first time. And then All. right. Well let's come. And so they'd come up with alternates. Right. We took six to eight hours to shoot a half hour. Wow. But all I knew was you are gonna take the laugh track from the first take anyway. And move it to whichever take this is so what's who, who's suffering. Because they're not laughing. I'm okay if they're not laughing as hard, we can keep going.


Right. Right. We can. Yeah. I don't know. But, it wasn't up to me. Yeah. Because I was just an actor on a show. Do You have distance on that now? Like when you see, 'cause it's ubiquitous when you see a friend's on Oh, does that affect you in any way? Or is it just Well, I used to not be able to watch it at all. I mean, I'd see it on and be like mildly interested and then I'd see me and say, that's enough of that I can't bear it. And then well listen, after Matthew died, I could start watching the show again because it wasn't about me. It, it had to do with him for some reason. And so I have started watching Friends not started like season one.


And you know, but there are marathons on And. I have spent at times since he died all day long watching the show. That's interesting. And now you can see, and you, you can enjoy the show. You can enjoy Matthew. Yeah. You can enjoy what he's doing. Yeah. Everyone is phenomenally hilarious to me. I'll ne you started doing that show and you called me up and Uhoh you had, you had you had I don't have an eye for what's gonna be a hit. Well, No, I wanna say that. No, no. That was nothing about that. Okay, great. Great. You called me up and you were raving about Matthew. About Matthew. Yes. And you were saying He's so funny. And there was part of me, I like, there was part of me that was jealous.


Like I was okay. Yeah. I, I make you laugh pretty hard. And you were like, no, you don't understand this guy's. Really. No, I wasn't that bad. No, no, no, no, no. You weren't. but I, I'm just saying it's, it's, I think that's human. Is it what? I was just surprised you classified it as part of you was jealous. Yeah. Instead of being your entire being what I meant, I was excluding bone like B bone in syn. But my entire spirit I see. No, there was part of me that was just like, and then Sure. And then I was watching him and going, yep. So yeah. Well, no, because I mean, you are I the funniest person.


I know. No, no, no. That's not what this is about. One of the Funniest people I know. Well now it's hard to hear. You see. Yeah. Yeah. But. it is true. That's just a Fact. but I, but I was so, but He was such a huge, I thought that Chandler character, when I read it, And, I went, oh, they have a gay character. That's good. I thought that's, that's all I heard. That's all I heard. You know, and so at the table read, I just did a double take at him. Oh my God. Yeah. That I never even in a million years could have envisioned anyone playing the character like that. And with his own rhythm and everything. It's his own. Yeah. Impeccable timing. And Impeccable timing, but also just hilarious.


I mean, honest to God, shooting that those titles in the fountain was a nightmare. You know, I don't like discomfort, but at all mild, any kind. Right. I don't like it. Right. And that fountain was cold. And, it was very late at night. We'd done I think 500 takes of dancing. Unmotivated. Dancing is hard too. Right. That's just, it's hard When one's in a fountain, one does dance and a bunch of young New Yorkers are in a fountain. They dance, You know? And then the, hey, what if you play with that scarf, you know, stuff. And you just get like, no, don don't want, it's not funny. I don't want, you know, I was a real joy, but And, it was so cold.


And we had to keep doing it. And Matthew, and they said, we're gonna do one more take. And he said, one more. Okay. Can't remember Tom. I wasn't in a fountain. Seriously. Have you? Can't remember a time I wasn't wet. What are we wet? What are we wet in a fountain? What are we dancing in a Fountain? Yeah. I mean, and This is before the show has even come on. Right. So that's also important to know is no one's a star. This is, you're seeing And. it wasn't in, they hadn't written him like that yet. Yeah. And I Don't know when I've laughed so hard. Just and, and, and so I'm not kidding.


You see us laughing. Yep. And it's because he had just said, and they're like, All. right. Ready? We're gonna go again. What are we going in again? Are we gonna do it again? And just laughing hysterically doubled over. And that's in the titles. Yeah, that was, I think I, 'cause Matthew, he came on our show not long after that and showed up early. And so we got to hang around and talk to him and he was so excited. Yeah. They had just shot the episode with Jill Gooda where he's trapped in a, yeah. In a ATM vestibule with Jill Vestibule with, with with Jill. Good. And I. Just wanted to say vestibule. I I remembered the word.


Sorry, go on. I'm ruining your timing now. No, But it. It's Oh, bring it on. Yum. Yum yum. Yum yum, yum yum. Blood pressure falling Your Medicine. Years being added to my life because of unmotivated laughter. So he was on talking about Joe Good. He was not. No, we were, yeah. This wasn't even on tv. We were just in the outside in 30, in, in the sixth floor. And he was just so filled with joy and excitement. And he was saying, And, I got to shoot the scene with Jill Goodger. Jill Good. She's beautiful. And I was like, this sounds, he was like, it's all going so well and things as everything plays out, it's ter terribly, terribly sad.


but I, you know, And, I just have this tiny, tiny fraction of moments here and there with him. but I inevitably go back to those moments where Yeah, yeah. He was, you know, at the wedding and early on and when I would see him and he was just so happy, so talented. Yeah. So I mean, yeah. That's a little bit of a, a blessing is when you can go back and see that. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I mean, and also look, that was, everyone was so excited. And, I think for some people and he was definitely one of 'em. It's, it's, oh my God, this would be really good. Everything will be fixed now.


You know? Yeah. That's not how it goes. Well we've seen that a lot, which is, if people take And I, try to, I think I bring this up a lot, but I think there's, I've seen a lot of people become famous or get famous or start in a certain place. And I've had an interesting vantage point on it. And what I've seen time and time and time again, which I Wish I could tell people, is there's a lot that's kind of nice. That is nice about Yeah. Being successful. And that's nice about having someone be happy to see you. It doesn't fix anything. If something is broken, if something is cracked or something needs mending, it will not fix any of that.


In fact, it probably hurts. Yeah. Because, and that is The disappointment that it hasn't The rage and the rage. Wait a minute. I got the thing I wanted, now I'm famous, I got the house, I got the, the attention of and yeah. Why the fuck isn't this fixed? It's like, well that's a whole, that this has, this is a clear broth. This isn't gonna do anything for That. Yeah. I mean, I do feel that. It's like, 'cause I remember thinking that before, you know, And I was struggling having my ramen noodles every night. Yeah. You know, everything. And thought like someone I know, like, would become famous or something. And, and I'd think, oh God, see Yeah. Then if everyone loves you, then you, you know, you'll give yourself, you'll love you.


Like, without even realizing how sick that was, it was like, yeah, that's what, that's, that's the healing's. Power of fame. And luckily I had therapy before friends and did understand, but I know, it's at the root of all that is like Yeah. 'cause if everything goes well and everybody loves me, then I, then I will submit to loving myself too. And I think that's, that's the problem. Yeah. I mean, I think we, we think there's something shameful in loving yourself or there, you know, you're gonna be an asshole if you do, but that's not, that's not what love is. Jesus. So I've gotta go, 'cause I think I've just yielded all of you. You did, your blood pressure dropped.


You did actually 20 points just now. I You are And you're welcome. You are, there's all the things that people know about you being incredibly funny and brilliant and having this great just career don don't know that people understand how wise you are of all my friends, which is fortunately for me, I I know a lot of people. I think you're one of the wisest people. I know. Come on, I'm serious. No, in terms of like, in terms of getting angry, in terms of pe just take, just, Just stop lying In terms of, in terms of people you've always been people and what life really is and what's important. I think you're very gifted that way.


Oh, thanks. So I think we're gonna end on that All. right. And thank you so much for coming in. Thank you. Seriously. And congratulations on the new show. 'cause I love it. And Oh good. Yeah. I, I the idea that these very impossibly cool guys called you up and said, we've always wanted to work with you, you Lisa Kudrow. That's just, it's so, it makes perfect sense to me. Oh, thanks. And it's very cool. It was thrilling for me. All. right. Thanks. Well next time come up with a better, you know, Conan O'Brien blank. You know, I'm perfectly happy three. Honored, grateful. I said again about being Conan O'Brien's friend.


There You go. And that's it. That's it with Anger is the anger. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Cession and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sacks, Nick Cleo and Jeff Ross at Team Coco and Colin Anderson and Cody Fisher at Earwolf Theme song by the The White Stripes Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Conn.


You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan? Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded,


Want the same expert advice you get from the pros in the store while shopping online@discounttire.com. Meet Treadwell, your personal online tire guide that matches you with the perfect tire for your vehicle. Get your best match in one minute or less with Treadwell by Discount Tire. Let's get you taken care of.


Okay. You say, I want some breakfast. Your so-called Boyfriend says we got eggs in the fridge. Obviously. When you say breakfast you mean McDonald's. Definitely a side eye situation. Bring home the bacon steak patty or others with a BOGO for $1 breakfast only in the app. Limited time only at participating. McDonald's valid once a day. Must opt into rewards. Visit Mc d app for details. Ba.