
Now's the time for a great deal on a new Honda. It's time to drive smarter with high tech features and excellent reliability. Check out the Honda Civic Accord or HR-V for a limited time. Well qualified buyers can get a 4.99% a PR on a 2025 Civic or 3.99% a PR on a 2025 Accord or HR-V. See Dealer for financing details. Exclude Civic SI and Ty r.


Pro Savings Days are back at Lowe's with limited time savings on the supplies. Pros need. Get up to 40% off select major appliances. Plus save an additional $100 on every $1,000 you spend on select major appliances and don't miss your chance to activate and earn three times the points on select DeWalt and Klein tools. Lowe's, we help you save velo. The 3 28 selection varies by location while supplies last. See associate or lows.com for more details on qualifying items.


Hi, my name is Lizzie Kaplan and I feel meh. I've had better About being caught in O'Brien spread. Yes. Fall is here. Hear the yell back to school Ring Bell. Brand loose the Hey there. Conan O'Brien here. Welcome to Conan O'Brien Needs a friend. Put a little pause there, Adam West dial to add a little drama.


Yeah, it was very welcome to Conan O'Brien Needs a friend joined by son of Obsession. Hello. And of course, Matt Gourley. Hello. And guess what, this is a different little take on things. I've got some gum in my mouth right now. Oh, I hate that sound. God, don't I know people don't like that. All right. I'm gonna take it out. But anyway, I just thought it kind of made me look like a guy that doesn't, I don't know. I don't care that much about my work. I just do it. I'm just kind of an artist. You know, you just, you forgot it in there. Yeah. I forgot it was in there. Yeah. Chewing Gum implies all of that to you. That you don't care about your work. You're an artist. Just 'cause you eat chewing Gum. I don't know. I didn't put much thought into it. And then you asked for an explanation and the whole thing fell apart. Oh. Like wet cardboard.


The gum is outta my mouth for those of you. What is it called when you hate the chomping set? Misophonia. Misophonia. I think I have it. Yeah. I've got misophonia. Oh. Oh man. Sorry. Oh God. I Need to go. I just wanted him to walk right into it. I wanna not be here anymore. No, I, I've been around people that have it. And you can't do anything. You can't have soup. You can't have a peanut brittle around people that have misophonia. Yeah. What's matter Whatcha looking at me for? I'm just saying it's, it's terrible. You're not a victim. Let's put it that way. I think I'm a victim in some ways. How so? Constant expectations of greatness. Oh. I don't think anybody does expects that from you.


Wherever I go, I'm burdened by middling expectations. I No, it's, it's, it's terrible for people that have that. Yeah. And it's, it's tough to be around. I Know. What do you mean? Like it's tough for you to be around someone who has That. Yes. My daughter was constantly saying, I hate the way that it sounds when you consume the food that keeps you alive. I mean Her defense, but in her defense, what are you gonna say? You eat like an animal. Okay, Let's Get into this. I'm not in a nice way, but you eat, the way you eat is, Describe it. Okay. You've got the floor. First of all, you're angry whenever you're eating. I don't know why. I don't know If you enjoy the food and then you inhale it as if all of your siblings are just looming over you.


They were, but nobody is anymore. I know. But it's the phantom leg syndrome. Ugh. I'll tell you why I'm angry when I eat, because I know that the food is sustaining my life. Yeah. Which is causing me pain. But why can't it make you happy? Food? You're mad at the food? 'cause it's keeping mad At the food. 'cause it's keeping me alive so that all this continues. Oh my God. Oh. Oh my God. Pretty dark, huh? Yeah. No, I, I will admit that I eat quickly and I do. I'm getting better. I'm trying to chew the food and be thoughtful. He said lying. Okay. I figured. Yeah, because I saw you eat not that long ago. And it's the same. Really? Yeah. I didn't get any better. Nah, it's okay.


It's okay to just be you. Well, Danny, your brother, did he eat, does he eat quickly or No, he eats with the calm assurance that he was the oldest. He only had one sister and no one's gonna take his food. Yeah. Actually you Does. Your father was in the corner brushing his mustache. He wasn't gonna take it. Okay. Come on. Why does it all go back to GI and his mustache? That's A good looking mustache. There's no way that it just looks that way. He's combing it constantly. He's not combing his mustache. Constantly Frisk him. I bet he has a tiny little comb. I'm not gonna frisk my dad. Well, I'm gonna have the police frisk gill at the airport the next time he goes through. And I bet whenever, I bet whenever he walks through the machine, he goes and they, I mean, okay. No, not that It's a metal comb. It goes. I know. What kind of comb is it banging? Bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing. Yeah. It's metal.


And they take it out and it's this tiny little mustache comb. And then he has to explain to them, that's why his mustache looks so good. This riffs it wastes of everyone's time. Gil, my apologies. I love you. You're good, man. You Apologies. That's Good. Well, I said it quickly. I know. Let's not draw attention to it. Look, I'm on Nevs side. Yes. I, I think that I've, and she's made me very conscious of the way I I I eat. And so she helped me that way. But There's a difference between inhaling food and Are you doing the kind of open mouth? That's the thing that I have of misophonia for. I can't stand when people An open mouth chewer. Yeah. I don't think I'm an open mouth Chewer. I, someone very close in my life is an open mouth Chewer. Are you talking about Jeff Ross? Jeff Ross is a chomp, chomp, smack smack man.


And I think we can all agree on that. Yeah. He's chomp trump's smack mac. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. He'll be talking to me and be like, yeah. So anyway, and I'm like, what? What are you eating? And sometimes it's something that doesn't even need chewing. Like a melting. What do you have there, Jeff? A melted Popsicle. Well, what are you chewing for? It's two days old. It was in the back of my car in the sun. So it's liquid. That's right. Anyway, I think we're gonna go out the east coast. We'll be there for the SNL thing. There's nothing in your mouth right now. Yeah. He's an open mouth chewer. Yeah. But he'll, he'll hear this. Does he listened to the podcast? I don't think he does. Yeah. Here and there. Mm. But we, at least this is my way of talking to him now, is through the podcast. Podcast. Really aggressively.


You know what, this is a great, I'm very passive aggressive. And this is a great way to talk to people who I know and love in my life. And, and tell them how I really feel. That's Not bad. I'm gonna talk to the person who does the lip smacking. Who is it? I can't Say why. Who? Oh Wait, we're on camera. Who say, oh, why are you doing all this miming on camera? Anyone can look Up. She's gonna backfire. You Are. You edit it. You can easily edit It out. Don't edit the video. Wait, you haven't told her. You haven't told your No, I've told her. But it's gotten to the point where I can't say it anymore. Well then this is the perfect way. Does she listen to the podcast? Wait, I'm not even saying this is a sheet. No, I mean, you could have married anyone. It's legal.


Yay. He's bound down rolling out to them. I'm sorry. We gonna say what they say. You can't be done. I love this Person more than life itself. Yep. And this is, but a and and I have faults too. And so of course you do improbably greater faults. I'm sure I have greater faults. Yeah. It's, it's been discussed and it's been noted and it's been, it put into the record and there's nothing more I can do about it. Oh My God. How about the two of you, you and this person that Matt's talking about, eat. You have a time minimum to eat a meal. And this person, What are we talking about? I don m saying we could put a decibel. I don dunno, I lost it as I, Eduardo Edo talks good sauna.


I lost it as I So you Think you could put like a decibel meter on that person to make sure they don't pass a certain volume? Maybe. Yes. There you go. We'll Fix. That's the problem. It's not the level of volume. It's almost worse that it's slightly quiet. Yes. Because then you start like I start straining to hear it. It's, it's much my fault. It's A it's a dynamic. Yeah. And I think it's fair to say that in all relationships, especially the one you're talking about, which is a marriage. No, No. This is my clergyman. Okay. Yes, that's right. Pastor Samuelson. Did you eat a Lot of meals This time? Yeah. Yeah. They always get together for, for beans. Yes. I take my dinners big beans with my clergyman. Yeah. Out in the cloister You have oysters in the cloister Miso, Nia, listen, You gotta admit that was a, that was the natural.


It was a home run. The lights exploded. Eduardo watched me trott in slow motion around the field with Robert Redford's body. No. Let's, can we please just actually give you a sandwich and say you can't finish this in Less than 10. That would be hard minutes. That would be difficult. I Have the same issue. I, I eat quickly as do most people that grew up in a prison or penitentiary. Okay. You know what? I put my arms around my food to protect it from my brother Neil. Yeah. Who use one of those supermarket grabbers to reach over and get my food. He was ingenious. I didn't have this oppressive sibling thing. I think for me it was just, let's get this over with so I can do fun things and live life food. Wasn't that exciting.


Watch Star Wars again. Okay. To live life. You happen to be right. Yeah. Yes. So we can organize my figurine, but take it easy. Bob Fat goes in front. Yeah. I don't see a problem with this. Mandalorian goes second. You making my point for Me. R 2D two third. Well said Subar wrap. Beep goes for That one's not real. It's could be. There's a new installment. So You guys understand Disney keeps cranking them out. 'cause they can't stop. They don't have other content. I got a lot of editing to do on this. This one Sar Darth Bick snacks goes fifth. He's from the planet. A snacks max.


Okay, look, Now you're getting personal. All right. Well anyway, yes. Live life to its you are absorb of the Greek man just living life to its fullest. This small thimble full of ice tea, decaffeinated. And then off to organize my figurine. Oh, You're one to talk as Asshole. Start Bilmore Bedo Roosevelt. 14 volumes gotta be read by news. It's all knowledge of history. A nerd off. Oh, please. I think when I read history, I'm educating myself about the history of our nation. Maybe with an eye towards how we should move forward. What you're doing is living in a fantasy world of Dax Bno.


Chaz Binny racks. Hackel. Dax Zo be three. And baseball sounds pretty good. That's one character. Oh my God. All right. My guest today, oh God. There's no transitions in this universe. They were done away by the empire. Destroy all transitions. Excuse me. Excuse me. That was a guy. Who That? Who's that? Darth Vader. No, that was someone of emphysema. Okay, That Makes sense. My guest today, how do we know Darth Vader didn't have emphysema and there was no device assisting him?


My guest today has it. My guest today is a I Have, I have, I Have some. No, no, no. I have some Thinking I have to do. My guest today. My guest today. You have some d You're gonna, I Have to go home and reconsider. You need to go look in the mirror for a long time, buddy. Boy, I Can't believe you are telling me this. Yeah. And I'm taking it from you. I take it from you, my guest. No, no, not, no, no. Not guest yet. I got it. I got Oh No. You of all people and you yourself are always admitting you're just projecting. Yeah. Why don't you go Screw you Dick wish. Dick wish. This is what you held up our, our guest for. I hope you're proud of yourself. You sure showed me. I don't know how I'm going to recover from that Lethal blow my guest today.


Alright. I'll allow it. I mean, You know what this is. I love this person. What's happening, son? Are you okay? I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm actually dying. My guest today, of course, she's a very talented actress. You know her from such films, TV shows as mean Girls party down. I, I just, she's one of my favorite people. Yeah. You know that I love her too. Yeah. You can see her in the Netflix series Zero day. She's so crazily talented. I also happen to know that she's an amazing person in every way. You would want someone to be an amazing person. I'm excited. I'm thrilled she's here today. Lizzie Kaplan. Welcome.


Well, as you're well aware, I've got a bad case with Lizzie Kaplan. She's one of my favorite people of all time. Your work and also just you as a person. I'm just gonna start off saying it. We've hung out a little bit on the side and I just always leave thinking Jesus Christ, that Lizzie Kaplan is, if there's anyone cooler than, than this woman. I have not, I have not met her. And damn, damn, seriously, seriously. Really, I, I, I absolutely adore you. Thanks Conan. And I know you're going through some stuff right now, and I know your father just passed. Yeah. Which is bizarre because I just went through this with my parents at the, in December.


Both of them went at the same time. Like it was a suicide pact. Oh geez. Which it was not. But you, it just sounded suspicious in the press. Like my dad went and then my mom went two days later and it just sounds like, okay, this is a murder, You know? But it wasn't pillow. Yeah, Exactly. For mom. Yeah, exactly. But no. So we were chatting a little bit out in the hall and I said, we don't need to talk about this, but it might be good to talk about because I just went through it. I'm, it's so fresh in my mind the different weird feelings that you feel. So if it helps you at all totally. We can talk about it. And then I'll charge you $350. Cool. Great. Because That's Going right.


It's extra bargain at this point. Yeah. So I like pop my Prozac Right before I did have recognize, recognize that pill. Yeah. Big Fan by the way. Oh man. Fan that. Oh man. Keep, Hey, keep that Prozac coming. Yeah. You guys are doing amazing work. We have a bowl of it here. Just Yeah. Right. Like Coca-Cola was the original. Interestingly, I don't know If you remember this, but I met your dad. I do remember that. And I had a very long chat with your father. It was at a party, I believe, here in Los Angeles. And you came in afterwards and said, what were you, just, what were you doing? And I said, oh, me and your dad were just talking. And we talked for a really long time. And you looked aghast.


Like, oh my God, what did he do? What did my father say? But I remembered I remember him very fondly. That's really nice. Thanks Conan. Yeah. He was a very funny man. Very strange man. It's wild. It's wild. The whole thing. And I, I actually kind of wish I brought him around to more parties and more things. 'cause people had good experiences with him. But yeah, it's weird. My mom died when I was 13, so I feel as you do, but it's very fresh for you. Like, you feel like an orphan even though you're old and not you, you're very young. Speaking for Myself. Well, I, I know what you're saying. 'cause Sona came when my parents passed.


Sona and a couple of the other people, not you, Eduardo came out. You, you had better things to do. No, right. There was a big game that night. No, it was in Boston. And I didn't expect anyone to come. And, and so some of the people who I work with flew to Boston to be there. That's which meant, which was very nice. It was so funny. 'cause I wanted, I just wanted to make Sona laugh. And so Sona came up to me at some point, and I remember I was just going like, I'm an orphan. Yeah. And, but playing it up for sympathy when I'm a 61-year-old Yeah. White guy. A lot of Little Orphan Annie gets on the text Messages. Yeah. And I'm, but it, it's just absurd.


I kept saying like, I don't know where I'm gonna sleep tonight. Yeah. You're gonna sleep at the Four Seasons Hotel, you fucker, You know, I just, I did feel the same kind of thing, which was just, oh, I guess I'm an orphan. Yeah. But I don't get to walk around with a big 1920s cap. Well you're, see, this is why I love Lizzie. You know, she's giving me permission. Don't Limit yourself. You, you, two of You should hop a box car. We should, You know, as orphans we should walk along together. Two scruffy orphans. Two Scruffy orphans in the Four Seasons. So it's Up. Yeah. It's like, wait a minute, that looks like Lizzie Kaplan and Colonel O'Brien. And there's an SUV following them like 15 feet behind in case they need anything.


So anyway, but Yes, I do. I mean, I, I don't, I I couldn't even begin to wrap my head around your version of it, which is like the one two punch. But I do think there's something which you'll never know, but there's something really kind about it happening that way that you didn't have to have like the five years of looking after your mom, without your dad. And Yep. That would've been brutal. That's a good chapter that nobody really needs. But yeah, I, I just kept thinking like my, so my mom died. It was awful. Obviously I also thir you were 13, which Is, I was 13, which is crazy. Everyone thinks, oh, it would be the worst If you were two or three. And I've read some about this and it's no, if you're, it's apparently the worst time is if you're a teenager, that's when it can impact you the most Can confirm it was horrible.


And then like every funeral after that never felt as bad. You know, like a grandparent would die or it just never, it never hit his heart, obviously. And then my dad, I just assume he was 80. He was not. Well, I, it wasn't that surprising even though it kind of was in the, in the moment. But I was so, so, so fucked up over it, obviously. But I realized like, it doesn't even matter if you're 13, If you, it's your parent. Your parents loom so large, whatever your relationship is. And we had a good relationship. But even If you're not speaking to your parent, if they died, like that's gonna, you're like, it's coming for you Conan. Yes. It's gonna, it's gonna get you bad probably after the Oscars.


I don't feel things. I think we have to get through the Soul Train awards. And then we had Werner, the great Werner Herzo was here. He's helping us out with something in a really lovely way. But he was here and he's always been very nice to me. And he said he had heard the news and he said, Conan, you only half. And he said in that Verner, her so voice, one mother and one father. I don't know why that's coming out. Irish. Yeah. What the fuck happened? How did he do it? Someone help me out here, I gotta access him. One mother, one father. That's pretty good. That's, It's, there you go. Thank you. I, I don't know why I went to the leprechaun. Ooh. One, motherhood one. I don't fuck it up. Oh, but you still got Lucky Charms. No. Was like, you'll have one mother, one father.


And I just was, I was, it's like, this is not helping for, I wasn't even coming from him, coming from him. And he said, and, and there is no afterlife. They've descended to a void of meaningless madness and chaos. Thanks Werner. Can I, can I say something very quickly? He was here and obviously we all love him and Maddy always sets out a basket of, of, of snacks and stuff. And so he was standing talking to you and some other people and before he left, he's like, and now it is time for me to leave. But first a little treat. And he went over, grabbed like a little thing and took it with him. Oh yeah. It was amazing. He Narrates this regular Life like that.


A little treat. Oh, It was. And then I will descend again into chaos and madness anyway. Yeah, it is, you're still going through it. And then what's strange is the expectation other people have for you, which is you just, you feel what you feel. And I am, I don dunno if it's in the Irish quality or what, but I just sort of get through things. And so I've had people that have said, you just must be devastated. And I think, I don't know, I don't know what I'm feeling. I know that I've, and then I noticed that I had put my watch on upside down and backwards trying to reverse times what I Yeah, exactly. I don know what I was doing, but like my belt was on wrong.


I was telling everyone, oh, no, no, these things, well they lived a long life and I think they enjoyed themselves and all was well. And they went peacefully and quietly. And people would say, you just put your pants on over your head and poured gravy into the bathtub. What are you doing? Yeah, but I should I, yeah. I don't know. I don't, I I guess it's like, it's impossible for me not to just be making constant comparisons to when my mom passed away and I had no skills, no tools. No. I mean, I had support, but like 13-year-old friends support, which is not amazing for that situation. Like, as hard as they all tried, I just like, it was it, there were so many years of it just being so, so, so hard.


And now I realize like, oh, I do actually have support and a therapist and Prozac and You know, like a great, like, I I will be okay. Yeah. I ended up being okay the last time against the odds because that was crazy. Right. I just like, I definitely am processing it in a much healthier way. I'm letting myself be sad. But that's not, that was not easy for me to do as a kid. As a kid. It was just like exactly what you're saying. Like keeping it moving. Yeah. Armor, armor, armor. And now it's better, it's better for it to happen. Yes. Now and in this way, but like, it's fucking crazy. Yeah. It's just crazy. Yeah. I'm so, I guess I'm just so sad about it. Which feels healthy.


I'll take that over. Angry and confused, right? Yeah. Right. That's a gift to be able to feel sad. Yeah. Let me tell you. Yeah, you should try it. Please. There's no time now. Mattress firm. Oh no. Don't be the villain in your, oh, that's, sorry. Oh my God. Do you, I even remember the tagline from that stupid, not stupid terrific


mattress. This bracket season FanDuel is letting you make the call. 'cause right now, new customers can get $200 in bonus bets when your first $5 bet wins. You hear me? That's 200 extra binos to bet on. Everything from clutch shots to last second heartbreaks and even who's cutting down the nets, if you've been waiting to join, there's no better time. There's turn action that slang for tournament almost every day. And FanDuel has amazing bet types like spreads totals, game props and so much more. I know all about this. You do? Oh, I'm a real, it sounds like it. I'm a real Beto. I I'm, I'm excited because Michigan State, which is my team, I I think they're gonna go all the way. They're number one in the big 10. Yes. Let's Go all the way. You know, don't shake your head, Eduardo. Listen, you are all a Michigan all the way You are always. That's ever since I've known you, which is like 20 some odd years. That's right. You've been babbling about Michigan. This Michigan that. You gotta try a Michigan soup. You gotta have Michigan pizza pie. I love it all. And, and, and so yeah. I say with FanDuel, Michigan State all the way. Let's go baby. Go Green. Go. Yeah. Your favorite murderers are from Michigan. Anyway. That's true also. So visit FanDuel dot com slash conan. Get in on the college hoops action All turn long. Turny is short for tournament Must be 21 plus in present in select states for Kansas. In affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in present in DC. First online Real money wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Visit md gambling help.org. In Maryland,


Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call, visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank any way you bank.


Now's the time for a great deal on a new Honda. It's time to drive smarter with high-tech features and excellent reliability. Check out the Honda Civic Accord or HR-V for a limited time. Well-qualified buyers can get a 4.99% a PR on a 2025 Civic or a 3.99% a PR on a 2025 Accord or HR-V. See dealer for financing details. Exclude civic si.


And Ty r Lizzie, you've described yourself as an, I can see it that you were a tough kid. Was that before your mom passed? Is that your nature or was it because your mom passed at such an early age that you were a tough kid and how were you a tough kid? It may have been in there somewhere, but no, it was, it was after my mom that I look at 13-year-old kids now and they look like tiny babies. I just remember, but like my dad sent me to a therapist once. It was a group therapist and it was a bunch of other kids who had lost a parent and you had to, you had to like hold a talking stick to talk about the, and I went to it once and I was like, this is bullshit.


I hate it. I'm fine. And I guess convince them my dad and who, my aunts or whatever, like, I don't need to do this. I'm okay. And they believed me and then they like never sent me back to anything like that or worried about me. Right. Again, I don't know how anybody was like convinced by a 13-year-old saying that she's fine when this happens. But I think nobody else was fine in my family. So everybody was just kind of picking up the pieces. So you were not a great target for say bullies. Like No. You would've chewed them up and spit them out or were you the bully? I mean, I was, I I don't think I was the bully. Is that what bully say? Well, we actually have some friends here. Yeah. Bring up. Come on in guys.


Stephanie from second. No, I, I wasn't a bully. I've had the same friends since then Right. Since before then. And they're still my closest friends friends now. I always think That's a great sign. Ugh. And my dad was like that too. And my mom. That was a big thing in our family without it being like a lesson that was explicitly taught. Like you just keep your friends. But yeah, nobody like fucked with me. I guess I was tough, I was angry, but I thought I was, that was a toughness thing. Right. And I tried to be funny and it was just like this, oh, I remember when I was 13, like the height of humor was the retort your mom.


So, oh geez. I just remember like say something, somebody would say your mom and just like immediately the look on their face like, oh God. I said, oh God. And she, and so I would just go to like, trying to make everybody else feel of course less uncomfortable. Yeah. And I lived in that way of being for a really long time. And now I don't care if people are uncomfortable, which feels like a win. But I did, I didn't have that as a kid at all. Yeah. Yeah. That's a great superpower to care less about what other people think. Yeah. It's like, that's just like age. Honestly. I Think age helps. And I know you and I are similar in this way.


I have a social media presence, but I am not on social media. Yeah. Meaning, You know, through Team Coco and all of our different subsidiary enterprises, we will post things and, and if something's gonna go out under my name, I will craft it or approve it. But the last thing I would ever do in the world is type my name into the web and see what people are thinking or just live in that world. Because I think it is pure madness. I think. And, and as our friend Vernon would say, chaos. Chaos and Darkness. And darkness. Yeah. It's so damaging.


It's Horrible. And I, I'm sure that it's like been an impediment to professional things for me, but I don't care. Why, why would you say that? I don I mean I'm like, because you think you're supposed to like be every day saying this is, this is the, that she has seed pudding that Lizzie had today. Yeah. I can't do it. It's So you're going to do it. We brought out some chia seed pudding. We're gonna Instagram it right now. I don't, I don't know how to do it. I feel like a dinosaur for not doing it. I was like right on the cusp. Now anybody younger than me, I think like, it's mandatory. They tried to tell me it was mandatory to, to be on this stuff and I just fought it and really was like, this whole social media thing's really gonna blow over this internet.


I don't think it's gonna stick around. And now I do sometimes think like, oh, I probably should be playing that game a little bit more, but I just can't do it. I hate it. It's embarrassing the amount of times you have to like divorce your feelings about your friend who You know and love in person and then their social media persona. Then some people like, I just can't, I like can't reconcile those two things anymore. And I, it's like an illness. It's weird. The narcissism, it's made everything fucking worse. Like, let's be real. It's made everything worse. I'm hoping 'cause our kids are the same age, I think. Yeah. Like around three and a half. Yes. Yeah. I think I'm praying that it like isn't as omnipresent for that.


I, but I don't know. I don't, I really don't know. I see it. I'm staying with some friends now. I've known their daughter her whole life. She's amazing. She's 13. She goes to private school in Los Angeles and it's like they, it is a fight to not give this girl a phone and access. Yeah. That's a big question is when they get the phone. It was a big question for us. Yeah. 'cause your kids are the age, like this is like the beta testing generation on this stuff. And now we see like, oh, it's bad. But as a parent, like I get why it's difficult. I get why You don't wanna be the one being like, Hey, you're, you're gonna be the one kid who doesn't have this and that's gonna make you weird and an outsider and, but it's so bad. Yeah. It's so Bad. There's, and then there are questions the other way, which is it can be a safety thing at a certain age that if they have a phone they can call you.


And so it was a big debate. We, we wrestled with it a lot about what age, what you do. We had the phones implanted in utero. Oh. Oh boy. So when my daughter was born, she came out with 700 likes. Wow. That's Really good though. Strong presence. Yeah. No, that impress I remember us impress us getting in. We did pretty well. I'm Liza would know the exact age because I was probably looking in a mirror and thinking about my career when this decision was finally made your social media the mirror. My social media is the mirror. Yeah. Look at that jaw line. If only those eyes were a little bigger and they popped on screen. Conan, I need help with the children. Quiet. That eye vein has held me back.


Trolling Yourself. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. You're your biggest troll. You suck. It doesn't add up to me that you would feel you needed to do anything like that. Oh, I need to increase my social media presence or I have to do this or do that because you're so talented and Well, no, I'm saying I'm serious. You're so you have, but really you have No, I'm serious. You have such, I don't see how, do you guys see what I'm saying? I don't see how anything you're doing is enhanced by, and this is how I make a cob salad. Right. I don't think I fundamentally agree with that. And I guess that's kind of like the main takeaway is people aren't paying attention to you that much.


So anybody, people are paying attention to you all the time. Connor. No, no. I'm, I, You know, I looked into it. I am the exception to that rule. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You are. When people say, no one's thinking about you except you's becausecause. They're thinking I'm, but no, no. I, I But they're not. And so like, they think, You know, I look at some of my friends who are, and I or myself and I think like, oh, I should be, I wish I did this job or did like two more jobs during this period of time. And the reality is like, people assume you're working, they assume you're busy. Nobody needs to know about like those fallow periods. And the reason why people are even thinking about it is because you feel the need to just like chime in with your opinions every single day or like what set you're on every si.


I just don't Yep. It's a real disconnect for me. Like why, why do we all have to like log our fucking opinions about everything all the time? Yeah. Like it's our job and you see, You know, like on message boards or whatever, sometimes I'll look at the, at the Daily Mail, oh God, the Daily Mail. It is so, it's so bleak. The comments like, it doesn't even ma You know exactly what people are gonna say. Like they're gonna judge this person on her appearance or her decision or something she did 10 years ago. And it's, it's like these people think that it's now part of, it's their job now to sit down and like do their part of this equation, which is like log in their opinion about what a piece of shit this person is.


And I just think like, who are these people? I know we always think like, oh, okay, they're in their mother's basements or whatever, but they're probably not, they're probably like living out in the world. And yet they take time out of every day to like sit down and let You know how they feel about Britney Spears' dancing. Like who, what? Why are you weighing in on this? And I mean, I actually, I'm, I realize I'm sort of like talking in circles right now. I feel like I have fairly insightful things to say about this. Not today, but I do, I do think like, how can you not connect these dots that like the lack of community, like people's quality of life just being shittier. Everybody's isolated. People are fully okay living in this kind of like, alternate reality where it's your opinions and the more fiery your opinions are the people, the more clicks attention.


Yeah. The more clicks. Yeah. And, but like it's just create, look at where we are. The world is like it, look at where we're it's Trump, what the fuck? Like, does Trump exist without any of this stuff? Like I don't, I don't think so. And beyond that we're just, people are sad. Kids are sad. Yeah. Everybody feels isolated and there's no, I I think we're in a weird position too because yes, it is fully incorporated into our lives. We're we're young enough that like we had phones from a young enough age that it's like woven into the fabric of our beings. But we had childhoods that weren't. Yep. And now they don't have that. I don't know what that looks like in the future other than more like really lazy Gen Z people who don't know what a good a hard day's work looks like.


Which I find myself saying all the time Sucks. Like how You just sprouted a bonnet. I know. I am. Like, so Tom, my husband really makes fun of me a lot because I am like a dinosaur about this. And look, I get left behind in this scenario. Like, I don't think the internet's gonna stop because it's making us sad. Well I always go back to, you just have to, You know, I dunno if I'm quoting Jersey Shore here, but you do you Oh, is that, I'm sorry. No, that's Werner Herzo as well. Yeah. This is different. You do who you do you in the chaos of the Eternal Void Gym 10 laundry. Yeah. Yeah. It's just like TL the Warner her so boys.


Yeah. Warner her. So was in 10. He was in one season. He was in one season of Jersey Shores where he told them all that they were in a void. But, but Lizzie, I always go back to who are my people? It's like my wife, my kids for you, You know, Tom, it's Alfie and who are my friends and then what is my work that I do? I just always keep pulling myself back to that and saying, and then try to have empathy, which is working a muscle. You can't just say I have empathy. Yeah. You just have to keep going at it. But that's hard to do. Like for your job. That's really hard to do. I mean, talk shows are usually very mean and you're very nice.


See, that's how I, He's the nicest person guys, Guys I've ever met. Neither of you has the Talking Stick. It's like Dolly Parton. We don't, we have microphones. Yeah. You put microphones in Front Of Our faces. We've gotta do this talking stick thing here. IIII intuitively fight against the bleakness, which gets harder and harder and harder with all the issues that come up and, but if I didn't have kids, I would retreat into, well, my life went pretty well and You know, I, I exist, the earth does seem to be getting warmer, but I'll be gone before. That's too much of a problem. I know. I mean, I would have the capacity maybe to think that way. I would hope that I wouldn't, but I wouldn have the capacity to.


But when you have kids, as You know, you're, you're invested in Oh, okay, The future, We need to figure out how to Fix this. I know. Ugh. I know. They're like the greatest balm of all time. And also, but Also right now, going through what you're going through with the loss of your dad, I've found, and I know that Sonas been through so much lately, lost, lost her home in the, and, but I remember talking to you right after you lost your house in the fire and you were saying like, I've got these Mikey and Charlie, and they need me present. They were kind of saving your ass. Yeah. Because Yeah, definitely. You can't say to them, mom's gonna just be depressed and weirded out for two years.


I'll see you then. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I'm not gonna be like, I'm in a bed just crying all day. Yeah. So, You know, and then you, they they're ready to continue on and so you're ready to continue on and Absolutely. It's like the best medicine. It Really is. And it like gets you out Prozac. Totally. They're like little Prozac. Yeah. They're sweet, sweet Prozac. But yeah, they, it does, it, it, it's amazing. Even if you're in a bad mood, like a normal bad mood and you go in and see your kids. Like unless you wanna have them, You know, when they're talking to their therapist or writing their memoir later, be like, mother was sad all the time. She took, she took it all out on me. She would kick the dishwasher and then ignore me for two days.


Like, we we're not gonna do that. No. We're like, not those people. My my best friend lives in Elsina. I'm so sorry you lost. That's like unbelievable. And watching her, she has a 6-year-old and their house did not burn down, but they're totally displaced and Yeah, they have to live in the back house of a friend from schools h and like, it's actually turning out to be kind of a great situation for now. But what if she didn't have this little girl to like, get to school and not be a husk of a human? Like, I don't, I don't know. Yeah. You, I realize now. 'cause I, I mean I had my kid kind of late, like how much time you just spend like wallowing your own shit and then you don't get to do that anymore.


And it like rips you out of it. It's a, it's a wonderful thing. Is this the funniest Episode of this podcast? I Like I podcast. Podcast. Am I podcast wrong? That I love this episode? Yeah. Yeah. Me too. I mean, I, Eduardo is the line, you're the line judge on these things, but this is right at my alley. Yeah, no, because like, this is, You know, excuse us for having a conversation. Oh wow. Chuckles over here. I know. You know, If you want Me, you ready for the party these Days? No. No. But what I'm, this is, I don't know. It's making me feel a lot better. So Yeah. It is kind of therapeutic. It is really therapeutic. I think everything Feels very heavy right now. For sure. Even if you're not going through something, things just feel really heavy. Yeah. It's, it's okay to talk about it.


Yep. You know? Agreed. I think you, I think you have to. Yeah. And it is like absorbing the 'cause I'm from la I just moved, like we sold our house in December and gave the keys to the new owners on January 24th. So like right after the fires. And we were supposed to come back and pack up the house that we've lived in for 11 years and say goodbye to the house and have all these people over. Where Are you moving to? I'm just New York baby. Okay. All right. All right. Yeah. Yeah. That just happened. And like take Alfie to Disneyland and do all the shit and we couldn't come back because of the fires and being in New York and watching it.


I have, this is my hometown, but I've like talked so much shit about LA and what it means and how it's changed and how has gotten worse. And you're sensing a theme in my overall personality. But Do you have more Prozac? Yeah. No. Right. I gotta up, I think it's time for the other ones. Milligrams also Prozac is new and we'll recommend really. Like We can do an ad for them. I would, I mean I'm like obviously loud and proud about it. Maybe I'll regret this part of it. No, no. But yeah, so watching it from afar was really strange. And seeing like my hometown go through this, I felt like this groundswell of love for la, which hasn't gone away.


I think this city's amazing. I think Alsina specifically is amazing. Like what they're doing. Yeah. And that was like the la I didn't grow up in Altina, but I grew up like in the Miracle Mile and it was much more that vibe than let's say the Palisades vibe, which is its own unimaginable, like, I don't even know tragedy, but there's something about like the Angelenos who are from here who aren't in the business, who just like have regular jobs, regular families and like you're just doing it in la. Like that was my upbringing and I have so much love for this city and it was really horrible to be away because all of us, like in New York who were from LA kind of huddled together. 'cause you'd go into, You know, when it was like actively happening or just kind of starting.


I like went to get my hair cut guy's like how are you doing? I'm like, well, not great. Like LA's on fire. It's like, oh yeah. You know, when you're not from LA when you don't live there, it's just like LA has fires. It's just like another thing that's happening somewhere else. And when it's your home, it's, it's crazy. And so like, like my dad obviously passing away was brutal. And then I've stuck around for these couple weeks and feeling the sadness of LA has been really intense. But also everyone in New York's like, it reminds us of nine 11. Like people are really coming together and building each other up. And like the community, that was the main kind of complaint I had about la Like there's no community and there so is there's, and I feel like an asshole for saying that's, I lived in New York when during nine 11 and one of my clearest memories is going out to dinner.


And you, the, the waitress would come over, the wait person would come over and say, You know, would you guys like to start off with some drinks? Or You know, would, and we'd say, well how are you? And then the person would end up sitting down at the table. Yeah. And we would all chat. And I remember thinking this is this weird Eden that we're all living in where all the old societal norms have gone out the window and people are really talking to each other. And if the bartend, you ask the bartender, you ask whoever's, you ask the person in the store, how are you, where do you live? How are you doing? And that happened in New York City. And then I remembered it going away.


Like it's like that's Humanity just has this way of, If you hit a human being over the head with a big stick, he behaves himself for like six hours and then goes back to being whatever he was before. Yeah. And I know that this too shall pass, but it is. You do. It's lovely while it's happening. Yeah. And I'm noticing, I just keep having these great conversations with, I think I mentioned this, but there was, had to go to Sundance for something and I, there was a woman who was driving me to the event in Utah from Salt Lake to, to Sundance and started chatting with her and it turned out she lived in LA and I said, well, how's your place? And she said, well my place burned to the ground and she's driving me crazy.


And we just had this intense conversation and I thought, well this is kind of what it's supposed to be all the time. Exactly. Which is how are you, what's going on in your life not to drive me driver. Yeah. Where are the Tic Tacs? Which is what I reverted to to by the end of the drive. Oh, You got back There. Enough of you aligning. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Oh, your house where my tic-tac. Yeah. He's a spearmint. I wanted the fruity kind. Sorry. They burned in the fire. Sir. That's no excuse. Oh my God. A burnt tic Tacs the best one. Yeah. I So it's, it's just perspective and empathy and all that kind of stuff isn't something you attain.


It is a practice and it goes away and we all find ourselves drifting away from it and then something happens and we get pulled back into it. Yeah. I wonder, I mean, I have you felt, 'cause I'm nervous about that. Just like how everybody was like showing up and flooding the GoFundMe or whatever. And I like, like you're saying like everything people move on to the next thing eventually this is gonna be a long recovery. Yeah. Do you feel that it's still as intense? N no, No, no. I don't. I I mean I even asked if I would still get a discount somewhere and they're like, oh, we stopped doing that a week ago. That was really the sign because yeah, when it first happened you would walk into a store and, and and yeah.


Tell people that you had lost your home and they would give you this discount. It was Like a 20% discount. How long did that last? Was that three weeks? That was like a few weeks. And then I went into a store. I'm not gonna say which one, but I was like, Hey I, I lost my home in the fire. Do you guys have a discount? And they're like, oh, we stopped doing that a week ago. If anything there's a surcharge. Yeah, yeah. I know, I know. The sad thing is when it was a 99 cents store. I Know. I want this scrunchie. Do you have a discount ma'am? I know It was, it's 50 cents. I I think that there's still people, I mean there's still the empathy there. It's still there. There's still some feeling of it. But it is waning a lot. It is very quick. How quickly people kind of just move on To, to be fair, I would often go to a McDonald's and tell them or a Cheesecake Factory and tell them I had lost my home in a fire even when I hadn't.


Oh, But you did it. You're taking my Discount. I know. Oh dear. And they would be like, that sounds terrible. And I'd say, so this McFlurry, I, what are we talking about here? Can I get 80 cents on on the dollar and I'd sometimes I'd put a little ash on my cheek. No, I Did What I'm just telling you the real me, I kept always keep a little ash in your pocket. Oh my God. You can get a discount. It's not like I had ash ever on my face. Well you fucked up. You know. Kidding. You'd be having a, you'd be having a discount McFlurry right now. She had a little ash in your pocket. Why didn't You work up your orphan angle? I tried that and tried the fire one. There seems to be this consensus that I'm too old.


Okay. Which I don't get because I think I'm very well preserved for a man my age. Ah gee. I lost my parents. Do you have any soup sir? I saw you drive up in a Porsche. Yeah, But I don Cash Cash Rich. I have a lot of land in Montana in holdings, but I can't access, can I have some suit? All my money's tied up in holdings. It takes 24 hours to get the bank in suite open up. Alright. What's your name? Billy.


You're changing your name. Yeah, Billy does work better. It works. It's a better name for me. What's the name you were thinking of naming your son but didn't 'cause Tom. Mickey. Mickey. That's a good One. Mickey. Yeah. Yeah. Little Mickey the orphan Mickey. The 61-year-old orphan. The cow Counts who's done quite well. It counts. It's so fucking dark. It really is. Denise, I'm sorry but my parents would laugh at it. Yes, I can say that now. 'cause they're not here. I they would laugh at that. Like them in the afterlife. No we wouldn't. You asshole. We never liked you. I am going to get back on track here.


Yeah. Take it back to the track and I'm gonna get back on track to one of the things that makes me very happy for you Okay. Is that I think it is a wonderful era for people who have what it takes, have ability and have a work ethic. And you have all those things and you're getting to do consistently this really cool work. You have this project now Zero Day and I was looking at the cast. Yes. This is on Netflix and I'm like, You know, I've had so many people sit in the chair that you're in and people talk a lot about body dysmorphia and how people can think they look a certain way and they don't and they hate on themselves. And I consistently believe that there's something called career dysmorphia that hasn't been diagnosed yet.


Or, or, and I'd like to invent that and submit that to the New England Journal of Medicine. But I've had Al Pacino, Al Pacino sat in that chair and talked so much about the huge chunks of his career that didn't work out and how they didn't want him for The Godfather and how he couldn't get a job in movies in the late eighties and thought he was through and how he thinks all the bad reviews people told him about. And I kept wanting to cut him off and saying, you're Al Pacino, you're the face of film for at least the seventies. You're there's, you do iconic work in every decade and you have it too.


It's just so funny to me that you would talk about, oh, You know, the fallow periods and maybe I could do more if I got the word out on my chia seed recipe and Yeah, you're in zero Day on Netflix. Your co-stars are Robert De Niro, Angela Bassett, Connie Britton, Jesse Clemens and Matthew Modine. Yes, Dan Stevens. It's what? It's Gabby Hoffman. It's the craziest cast of All time. And it's the best work I see now is limited series is is our cinema. And I I like limited series too. I I like watching them and doing them. It just feels like a very long movie. I haven't seen Zero Day My dad died.


I don't know if we mentioned that. So I haven't watched the screeners, which is bad 'cause I do want to watch it. That's Interesting. I'm, I'm pic trying to picture You watch Yourself. I hate it. Yeah, I would imagine You would. Yeah. I don't always hate it, but I, I do wanna watch this one because it's fairly dense and complex and I wanna be able to like, talk about it. It's topical, a little like eerily topical. It's, I I hope people are in the mood to watch something that looks a lot like what's happening in reality. Yeah. But is kind of this like horror show version of it. Very smart people made this show. Very smart people were in this show and I don't know, it's ensemble enough that I think I could, I could watch it without like hating the experience too much.


But I think it's good. I mean, I, I had a great time doing it. It was surreal. You oftentimes, like the don't Meet Your Heroes thing rings very, very true. It didn't on this. That's nice. Like de Niro's, like just a nice man. It was like a kind generous man. I always think, so Leslie Linka Gladder, who directed all the episodes, and she did Homeland and she's, she's the president of the DGA. She's like a badass, incredible woman who's done a bunch of movies. Like she's, she's wonderful. And she directed every episode and her vibe on set. She did one episode of Masters of Sex in the first season, and I wanted her to like be our all the time director, but she was doing Homeland, so she didn't, she maintains this onset energy that I don't even like, it's six months.


It's six months to shoot this. Robert DeNiro has never done a television show. I believe he didn't know what he was getting into in terms of like the time, like how much time it takes and like the hours and he was in everything. But the first day of shooting on that, the crew is always in a good mood for everything. And on the first day, the last day, six months later, everybody was in as good of a mood. The vibes were so good. It was just like a job that felt important, but at the same time, right size in terms of like in your real life. Like you'd go to work and you'd go home and these people didn't need to be like your best friends and you didn't need it. It was just like, it felt very grown up like adult, but also really fun.


Right. I don't know. It was great. I, it was a great experience and we honestly, like during the strike, which was the last fun thing, just taking it back to like the doldrums again. We were supposed to start this June of last year, maybe, I don't know what year it is. Yeah. We were supposed to do like June to December and that was the strike. And we ended up doing January to the next June. So it was a full year and everybody stayed on board. Everybody was just as excited and we knew we got to, which Is rare. 'cause usually that's when people say, You know, yeah. And I got this play I'm gonna go do in the West end. Yeah. There was nothing.


It was, and even just having that moment of like, well, everybody else or so many other people were really stressed out about what they were gonna do and work and all of this. Like knowing that Netflix is probably not gonna shelve the Robert De Niro series, right. Like, it just felt like we had a safety net at a time when there wasn't a lot of safety nets. And again, like if it's just the experience, which for me is truly the only part I like of this whole job. Like it was a great experience and I think it's really good. And I think you should definitely watch it America. So we can be Which camera are you looking to? America? The American camera. Okay. There we go. Hey, America. Okay. That's China. Yeah.


Yeah. Let's just make it the number one show on Netflix till the next thing comes out on Netflix. America. The last observation that I will make is, and I'm certain I'm right about this, as dire as things are right now, and this is my need to be optimistic, but I also think this is accurate. Let's say you could go back in time to what you would consider like the classic period of making entertainment. And it's like the 1930s, the 1940s. They would've watched you in mean girls and they would've said, she's great. She's really funny. That's what she does. And that's what you would've done for the next 50 years of your career. And because we live in this different era, there's nothing you can't do in this era.


Whereas they would've definitely put you in a slot. Yeah. And you would've been punished for being really good at one thing and they never would've seen the other thing. Yeah. So that's definitely, even if that means there's iPhones and other problems. Do you Love Elon Musk and Jeff Jesus so much? You I'm Say that's what what you're trying to say. Say They've been on their yachts many times. Oh, I bet you have. You're a Big yacht guy. Big yacht guy. Yeah. Big yacht Energy. I know my yachts. You got big yacht energy. I have big mega Yacht. That's the only big energy I have. I have big yacht energy. No, I love a big yacht.


I like being invited. I like being at the beck and call of a billionaire. Oh yeah. Yeah. And then when they say like, dance for us, I do a little something that makes more sense and then I get a Kruger Grand, a gold coin in case anyone doesn't know what that is. I also think that even like, not in the thirties, like in in recent times, they would typecast you and pigeonhole you. And now it's like only it's very new to not have that happen like in the past 20 years maybe. Right. People think, oh, you can do more than one thing. Right. But a lot of people do find themselves like stuck in a lane and it sucks. I'm stuck doing one thing because that's what I can do. That's Not true, Conan, that's not true. I Heard, I I'm, but I'm saying happily.


I'm happily stuck in my lane. You're not stuck in a lane though, because I just read that you were incredible in your Sundance movie. Okay. There's a male jigg branch out. This orphan thing is working for you. Yeah. That's how I got the part. Yeah. Oh, I know. I'm an orphan. Yeah. I've got, or the part Why am not getting smaller and squeaker as an orphan? I don know. But Lizzie, this was a lovely conversation. This Is so surreal. I feel like we're just starting it. No, but this was, there should have been more jokes. You have dysmorphia. There should have been laughter. Well, We're gonna put laughter over all the parts studio. When you talk about losing your dad, when you talk about losing your dad and I talk about losing my parents, we're just gonna pipe in laughter from the 1940s Studio.


That would be amazing. Yeah. That would be, I Love Lucy laugh. Yeah. Nothing has changed. It's only, you've only today confirmed my feelings about you, Lizzie, which is you're one of my all time favorite people. You are incredibly hyper, insanely talented, and you're a real person. And every time I see you, you're Lizzie Kaplan and you're very wise and just a delight to be with you. Thank you Conn. Thank you very much. I'm gonna say it. Zero day Netflix. If you're not watching it, you stupid. Yeah, You're stupid. Yeah. Don't be stupid. Watch. Zero dig. Is That, come on. Why isn't that gonna Be a tagline?


No, that is the tagline. I mean, de NI's been saying that on everything.


Now's the time for a great deal on a new Honda. It's time to take an adventure with rugged capability and commanding style. Check out the Honda Ridge line Pilot or CR-V for a limited time. Well-qualified buyers can get a 3.99% a PR on a 2025 pilot. 1.99% a PR on a 2025 ridge line or a 2.99% a PR on a 2025 CR-V. See dealer for financing details.


Pro savings days are back at Lowe's with limited time savings on the supplies. Pros need. Get up to 40% off select major appliances, plus save an additional $100 on everyone thousand dollars you spend on select major appliances. And don't miss your chance to activate and earn three times the points on select DeWalt and Klein tools. Lowe's, we help you save velo. The 3 28 selection varies by location while supplies last see associate or lowe's dot com for more details on qualifying items.


Recently on the podcast, we talked about how you could mail into a comic book advertisement and get the Polaris nuclear submarine. Yes. The only thing I'll add to that, this was many years ago, I don't think it's still true, but when I was a kid, probably around 19 70, 71 on the back of a magazine, there were these things that you could on, on a back of a comic book. There were things you could send away with one of them famously was like X-ray specs. Yeah. And it showed a, a guy, I mean, it's so not PC today, but a guy looking at a woman in a dress. And the idea was that you put these on, you can see through her dress. Oh, good, good. Yeah. How many of those did you buy? 700. And they do work. Yeah. One of the things that really intrigued me was give us, I don't know what it was, $7.


$7. And we'll send you a working mini Polaris sub that fires missiles you can get inside. It has a periscope. Now, I never did it, but all these years later it floats into my mind every now and then. What the hell was that thing? What did you, because legally If you send them $7, they have to send you something. Yeah. And then, and so we brought it up and you remembered it too. Yeah, I did. And I remembered the hovercraft too. And they're distinctly two different things. Okay. So the submarine does send you a submarine. What? But apparently it's been very hard for people to track down. And I found the third point of singularity blog. It kind of, it looks like they went on a kind of hunt themselves.


Yep. And ultimately found it. It's the other tab, Eduardo, If you don't mind. And this is what you end up getting. And it's like a cardboard submarine. Oh my God. Wait a minute. I swear to God, that kid looks like me. Yeah, it does. I mean, that's what I looked like back in the day. He's got the same bull haircut, the same look of just defeat. Aw, no, no, no. And, and but that, wait a minute, that I have to say looks more impressive than I thought. Really? Because I see just cardboard that's kind of pinned together and certainly not gonna do well on the water. Oh, well. But isn't that nice? Is using his imagination. Hey, does, isn't that the whole Point?


Does it fire a, I guess not a missile. Okay. So it's all right. Okay. So I don't know. I was, this is, this is helping me. This is actually, this is therapeutic closure. Yeah. This is giving me some closure because that's something Yeah. You, you get inside and it does close. And it's got, I mean, seven bucks, I guess this is seven bucks back then. Yeah. So now this would be the equivalent of like $35. That's True. So, or $50. I don't know. Times have changed. It's so funny. He looks so far from water. I Know. I mean, he's, It's like, he's Definitely Wisconsin. He's in the, he's in the Midwest. There isn't a body of water for 800 miles.


And he's like, see you later. For the listener, this looks like a cardboard submarine seated in the middle of a big lawn. Yeah. And there's in a backyard, there's a fence way in the backyard. And then power lines. All you can see is, is just lawn and no ocean. It's Fun though. How fun is that Fun? Isnt that fun? If you're a little kid, you don't, you're not gonna go to the ocean and go in a submarine. That's, I used to make things out of boxes. I used to too. I used to, if if a big box came in, it was just a done deal that Yeah. Either Luke or I would get to build something with it. So I don't know. I am, I am, I am not disappointed by that. Me neither. That actually looks like, looks better than I thought it was gonna look.


Yeah, Me too. I'm, I'm impressed. So this, this, this. I salute this company and I think this should have been used by the, the military. The thing that I more remember was this hovercraft. Okay. And when I said last time that I thought it was a kit, that's what the hovercraft is. You were supposed to take your motor out of your vacuum and build this hovercraft. So let's go to the other. Okay. Tab Here. This must have thrilled your parents. I know when they went to use the vacuum. Does this look Familiar to you? Yes. Lift 200 pounds. Yes. Nothing About this looks Familiar. And then scroll down and you can see on this blog. Wait, go back up to see what this blog is named Dwyer and Michaels. Okay. All right. This guy actually built the vacuum. Okay. You can, and here's the order astronauts iron on with with order.


Okay. You can float on air free lifts 200 pounds. So basically yeah, a hovercraft you could build. I remember this. Yeah. Now scroll down and you can see that the guy built it. Okay. It's a bunch of other ads. Oh boy. That's, that's it. He's building it. Yeah. Okay. Well there you go. And then, yeah, play that video. Look at that. What? Oh, I know this website. It's called Bad use of Your Time. Well, I was supposed to do dialysis today, but I figured I'll build this hovercraft from the sixties. That's enough. I mean, and that's, that's Kind of cool. Well, We can't get enough air from a vacuum. Oh, Ah. I got him. He wasn't looking. But No kid that's, You know, no 8-year-old kid is gonna be able to build that.


I guess it's a nice project with your, You know, scout troop leader or your dad. Big problem here is you have to take the motor out of your parents' vacuum cleaner. Yeah. And that was not gonna fly in my house. No Kid from the fifties that took the motor outta their vacuum cleaner would get away unscathed Also, how do you do that? How do you just take a motor out of a vacuum? Why do they think an 8-year-old would even know how to do that? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's fine. I'm asking the real question. I agree. But you guys are being nosalgic. I agree. Wait, I don, we're here with, Throw me into this bus. Yeah. Just 'cause we don't answer every one of your questions Doesn. So you stare at me confused and It makes, I just don't know why I hired you. That's an old, that's a look that goes back to, You know, Don't think about, don't think about it.


2008 question. You Don't think about. Just live in the moment. Live In the moment. Well that, You know what I have to say there is closure here. Good. That's what I, I now know what rosebud means. That helped me. That helped me. Good. How? Why? I don't know. Because it was a mystery that never got solved. Oh, okay. It was an itch that never got scratched. It was a riddled, it never had an answer. And now you have shown me what it was. Do you remember too, like the x-ray gogs? There was also a thing where you could go from being a scrawny little kid to a big kind of like buff guy and there's a little picture of tough guy kicking sand on the little guy on the beach. Yeah. Those Are called steroids. Ah, that's called outta a comic book That's called Juicing. I don't know what they were, what they were, they were promising.


They were just probably sending you a booklet that says, yeah, take two soup cans from mom's kitchen and start using them to make a bicep. But I now we know what that is, which is medical grade chemicals. Yeah. That will transform your body. And I don't know because I'm on 'em. How, how long you been on them? Sadly, I've been on them for my entire life. Oh no. What would you have looked like? I'd have had no skeletal structure. Well that was fun. That, that, that. Thank you for doing that. You're welcome. That, that helped me. And I hope it helped everyone else who listens from my generation. Who remembers that?


Sona, you seem confused, but I Am completely confused. But I also, I mean, I think that every generation has like toys and stuff that like kind of confused you. Yeah, Yeah, exactly. What was yours? McDonald's. Monopoly. Monopoly. McDonald's different because that was Rick. But I was thinking of the what? The spy tech gear. What do you guys remember? The spy tech stuff? It was like a bunch of gear that they sold to kids that was supposed to help you spy. Like be a better py. I Remember spy this like there was a mirror Periscope? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Like of like a microphone or like a, not a microphone, but something you held up so you could hear things. Yeah. The little from further away. And so, and it didn't work. I don Know. I think we bought a bunch of it. I don't think any of it worked. Were you doing actual spying? Yeah. Like for the government On our neighbors. Oh. We would go around our neighbors hide behind bushes and try to spy on That.


Do you ever hear anything juicy? Yeah. Didn't work. Hey, they're Armenian too. Where all live in this neighborhood. What About you? What did you mention? Yeah, I mentioned McDonald's Monopoly. Although to Soda's point, it was, it's been explained now through documentaries that it was all a scam. It's rigged, but as a kid, You know, you were sold on the promise of like, oh, if I just buy a bunch of fries and we keep eating at McDonald's and we get these little game pieces, we can win a mansion. Yeah. Or You know, some really cool prizes and Right. You're just constantly after the chase, You know, win there is the health that you got from the Marvel Prize. That's right. Our generation reminds me of the Columbia House records. Yes. I was Think out too Like a penny for like Yeah, like CDs.


Yes. Penny For one. Penny. You know, I have To say all of these things are true disappointments. The sub is looking pretty good. Yeah. Now that you mentioned it, I mean, and I'm just saying I'm happy because the one I dreamed about the most actually appears to be somewhat valid. Would I take it deep into the North Atlantic and attack a Russian sub? Probably not. But that kid seemed pretty happy. That Kid could have been you. Yeah, that kid could have been me that, yeah. And then maybe in some other, You know, folding time, that kid is me. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Well, this has been a strange end to any conversation. I'm gonna sign off now, but dreams deferred.


We'll continue. It's the new segment. Peace out. Tupac. Oh geez. Live your dreams or your Dreams live. You, I have no ending for this, so I'll just keep talking. No, please. Until I get something. Just say bye and, and we end. Or Dewey, A beginning becomes a reality as we finalize. We'll see you next Week. Oh, he's turning my son off. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sono of Cession and Matt Gorley, produced by me. Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes.


Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aren Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista, and Brit Conn. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan? Call the Team Cocoa Hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan.


And If you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded,


Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs. Modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business Easier. Call. Visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today. Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.


Every sandwich has bread. Every burger has a bun, but these warm, golden, smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best. The filet fish. And you, you can have them too. And you can have it all at two for $6. Like a Philo fish, big Mac, 10 piece McNuggets or large fries. Limited time only. Price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offers. Single item at regular price. Bottom.