
High Five Casino lets you play your favorite slots and live table games like blackjack. You love blackjack. Donna I do with the chance to redeem for real cash prizes. Yeah. Yeah. I love blackjack. you get to go Hit me. Hit me. Yeah. And stay. And, yeah. And stay. That's the other one. Yeah. I stay. Yeah. Good, good one. Yeah. High Five Casino has a giant selection of over 1200 games, including hundreds of exclusive games only found on High Five Casino. It's always free to play and free coins are given out every four hours. You can tell time by it, ready to have your own high five moment. Hmm. Nicely done, copywriter. Visit high five casino.com. That's high. The number five casino.com, no purchase necessary void, where prohibited by law must be 21 years or older terms and conditions apply.


Supercuts knows what you think. It's a quick, cheap haircut you can get almost anywhere. Well, you're right about quick. Okay. I'll give you that. Yes. I'm gonna give you that one. You're right about quick. But Supercuts is not that cheap. It's not a bargain basement chop shop. Like some discount options out there. You got the wrong idea about Super Cuts, if that's what you're thinking. Yeah. Super Cuts just happens to have 2000 reputable salons full of trained proficient stylists who give great haircuts at reasonable prices. Right. Not some cheap chop shop. In fact, if you were to imagine a brand that was visited by nearly 25 million people last year with a satisfaction rating of 96%, man, wow. I Wish. This podcast had that 96% satisfaction. That's a lot. That's almost everybody. That's almost everybody. Yeah. What, what brand would come to mind if you were thinking about that? Would Supercuts Probably not. But. it should. That's the point. Supercuts is super convenient. Their salons let you check in at a time that works for you. That's what I like too. Sometimes I try to make a, an appointment at a salon. Yeah. And I say, you know what? Time works for me. And the person on the phone says, I don't care. You gotta come in. When we tell me tell you to come in, that's when you gotta come in. Okay. Yeah. And I'm like, whoa, this isn't sound like a salon for me. Do you happen to know where Super Cuts is? Oh, good. Then they go, girl. Super cuts wins again. Super cuts Super convenient. The salons let you check in at a time that works for you@supercuts.com or just walk right in. It's your hair, it's your goal.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hi, Vasco. Welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Hi. Hey Vasco. How are you doing Great. Thanks. Great to be here. It's good to have you. Where are you coming to us from? I'm in Portugal in a little town by the seaside called sda. Oh, wow. It's like 40 minutes from Lisbon. Okay. I have never been to Portugal in my life. Tell me a little bit, first of all, about yourself and then Portugal. Tell me, you know, who are you, who is this man named Bosco? Who am I?


I am Portugal, born and raised. Who am I? I wonder. I walk the streets of Lisbon. Pondering, pondering and stock. Stocky. Do you, what do you like to do? Well, the main reason why I I, I moved here was for the surf. So I'm, I'm, I'm big on that. I'm big on being in the sea, come from a family of sailors, but surf is my main thing. Yeah. Other things that I like are photography, video games. I've actually been working in the video game industry for the, the past 10 years, but since it's a bit shaky late at the moment in between jobs for about a year, which has been a bit challenging, but, but it's also been good to kind of like slow down and enjoy the place where I live, spending time with friends.


So you're, you're a surfer and you're able to access that inner surfer Cool. Maybe even during times of stress? Yes. Would you say you're a pretty laid back chill guy? Yeah. Yeah. I'd say so. I'd say so. That's, that's, I'd, I'd say that's the best compliment I I've been given was how, how calm I am. Okay. Okay. I enjoy that. So you're a, you're a guy that likes to get in the water, spend a lot of time in the water. Do you listen, vasco? I'll be honest with you, I fear the ocean As it should. I fear the ocean, not because I'm a good swimmer. I like to get in the water. But you, you appear to have some melanin in your skin.


You appear to be someone who could probably get a tan and look pretty good. I don't look at me, I I can't be in the sun for more than four minutes at a time. Well, I, I have Irish blood in me as well, so I, I don't get tanned as much as the average Portuguese. So I, I feel you that I, I'm also covered with freckles, but I think the, the base tone is a bit darker. So they're, they're not so noticeable. I'm just gonna say it. This guy's just so much more attractive than I am. I, you Know what I Yeah, yeah. I'm sorry. But yeah, I was thinking it too. I think we all were. Yeah. And, You know. No, it's Okay. I don't, he's a surfer and that's cool. And you don't surf. Yeah. Bosco, would you date us? Yeah. He's, he's got a cool mustache.


Yeah. You've got really cool Before we date. That sounds great. You've got A No, No. Forget Conan. Oh yeah. Just me and Matt. Yeah, I'm up for it. Let's do it. All. right. So Vasco, I don't know much about, I don't know much about Portugal. I'll tell you that right now. I don't know much what I do know about, about Portugal is that for a while when people in the United States were maybe getting a little upset about how things were going here, people were saying, you know, you can move to Portugal and they'll give you citizenship if you just buy some property. But then I heard that went away. They shut it down. Well, I hear they might be bringing it back. And I know that there's, Gee, I wonder why. Yeah, well, yeah, there's, there's, there's been an influx of Americans.


I'm sure it's just a coincidence Whenever things gets shaky in the United States, everybody runs to Portugal. But tell me about Portugal. I really don't know much about it. So We, we have a pretty long and rich history. So one, one cool thing is that we have the oldest fixed borders in history. So basically Portugal started by helping the Spanish kick out the mos of the, the Iberian Peninsula. And they just went from north to south, kind of getting them out. And then basically the Portuguese king got to keep that land as its country. And the main land hasn't changed pretty that much since then. Can I just say one thing?


Vasco a t-shirt that says Portugal Longest Fixed Borders In History. It just doesn't, it's not catchy. Do you know what I mean? You want like, land of land of fun and sun or these colors don't run. Yeah, well you want, there's great T-shirts for countries. Do you know what I'm saying? But Yeah. But that's land Of Longest Fixed Borders In History. Yeah. That's, that's not getting anybody excited. Well, that's the name of their national anthem Too. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. It's not that far off of All the countries. Ours have the longest fixed borders.


The latitude and longitude were established in 1220. Wait, it's to the tune of our national Anthem. Anthem. Yeah. Because we gotta kick ass anthems. Oh, okay. I'm sorry. I'm not singing another country's anthem. Nice tribe buddy. Boy, once you report back to the Kremlin, sorry, Ko. I, but, but I think we need to know more about Portugal. You can't just say longest fixed borders and you know, we encourage the Moors to move out. No, that's not good stuff. You need something better. What else you got? Well, we had the, the biggest empire for the first global empire 500 years ago. We've got Christian Ronaldo.


Hey, that's pretty much the reason why most people know the existence of Portugal these days Is 'cause of Christian Ronaldo. Does he hang out in Portugal much or is he one of those guys who made it big and then just never, ever comes back to Portugal? No, no. He comes back. He's got his, his family all kind of shacked up with him in a huge mansion. Yeah. By the sea. But Did, you ever see him by the seven 11? You know, you know, buying magazines and some beef jerky Did, you ever see, Hey Christian, how are you? What's going on? No. Do you ever, does that ever happen? No, no, no. He lives, he lives in a very secluded kind of existence here in this country. You don't really see him. Yeah. I do that too, because of my fame in America.


I live in a massive compound Oh. Surrounded by guards. And I'm rarely seen outside. Nope. It doesn't help when you just keep saying No, I'm Sorry. I just, I walk around with you and you're very like, I'm conning everybody. Yeah. We've all heard about you jogging And. I've seen you in person actually Sometimes. Oh, you saw me in person. I just crumbled in a second. Where, where Did, you see me in person? Like, it must have been 2014. First time I went to E three, you were there and you were just towering over everyone. Yeah, I was impressed. Oh, The, the E three gaming convention. I went there to shoot something. Yeah. Yeah. So you saw me in person. Were you impressed? Were you like, oh my god, what a Greek God.


Oh, Aw. I don't mean to put words in your mouth, but could you say that please? No, He took one, like You had said the Longest Fixed Borders In History. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. I think we're even now. But no, I thought someone was kind of cosplaying as a gingers lenderman. So that was my first thought. You know, that's not a bad idea for cosplay for me Vasco, but vasco, here's my concern. My concern is that Portugal, when you say it, I know it's an amazing place. I'm sure it is. but I don't, nothing comes to mind. Do you know what I mean? You're, you're, and you're struggling. You've got fixed borders and Christian Ronaldo who you've never seen.


'cause he lives in a 9,000 square foot house. Exactly. Well, I mean, what can we say about the Portuguese? I I think we're considered to be quite of a melancholic breed. Wow. We're, we're quite stoic and serious. Yeah. It's great Entertainment. This is really good tourism bureau stuff. Yeah. I know, Come Portugal, come for the stoicism, stay for the fixed borders. The long faces and the deep stares of people who actually like it, that you're there, but they just won't show. You'll think they hate you, but they may not. Of Course they go, No, I think we need, don't you think we need to do something vasco?


Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, because that's, that's kind of what, what I'm, when You think about, when you think about France, you think, oh, you know, bread, wine, cheese, Berets, Eiffel Tower. When you think about England, you think about roast beef, the great cliffs of Dover. You know? Yeah. Guys with tall, furry hats guarding the queen. Everyone's got their stuff. What is what, what is port What about port wine? Well, that's, that's more of a British invention. That's, oh, I key that up for you. You could've taken it. No, we want the truth here. And, and we don't need, and Matt, we don't need you explaining the essence of Portugal. Well, he's to Bosco. So Bosco, what do you think? W wha what do what?


How do we fix this problem? Well, that's where, that's what I was kind of reaching out to you for. Like, we need to kind of establish a, a potentially offensive national stereotype, Portugal, because I think we're, we're lacking in that And I feel like don don't have a place in the world. Because like when I say I'm Portuguese people, just give me the same blank stares that you guys Have. Oh, I see. What you want is, you want me to create a stereotype about the Portuguese that creates a lot of a whole class of Portuguese jokes. Yeah. Yeah. Without any sort of basis or knowledge of the country. Boy, have you come to the right guy?


You, so you're looking for a comedian to shoot from the hip, make up stuff about Portugal that offends everybody and give you guys an identity. No, We, we, we, we are pretty thick skin. We can take a joke. So, and we, we like, like a lot of dark humor, so I'm pretty sure we can take it. Or, or you just might get blacklisted. That's one or the other. Or beaten. I might be beaten.


Hey Sona, I have a question. Yeah. You're craving a snack. That's cool. Creamy. Chewy. Satisfying and indulgent. I like always. Yeah, that's what I thought. Then you have got not maybe got to try the number one mochi ice cream in the USA. It's called My Mochi. My mochi is premium ice cream wrapped in a sweet dough With. each bite you get the perfect combination of texture and flavor that is sure to satisfy choose from flavors including strawberry, mango, double chocolate, and cookies and cream. Which is your favorite cookies and cream all day? Oh, I like strawberry And. I like mango. Every flavor offers a unique taste experience. There's something for everybody to enjoy. Each box listen carefully has six perfectly portioned mochis and there's only around 90 calories per piece. Plus my mochi is gluten-free as well. It's a great on-The-Go snack with no spoon required. Just grab a piece and enjoy the deliciousness wherever you are. My mochi makes the perfect midday or after dinner treat. Feel joyfully chill with every bite of my mochi ice cream. Find my mochi ice cream at Target. Or visit my mochi.com. That's my MOCH I do com to locate a store near you.


I think I'm a pretty chill person. Sona. But there's one thing that freaks me out. Yeah. When I have to wait a long time for Furniture I know you ever have that happen All the time. If you hate waiting for furniture. Have you met all modern? I have. Yeah. Aren't they great? I really actually, I, I'm, I really like all Modern. All modern brings you the best of modern furniture and they deliver it for free in days, not weeks, days. Waiting weeks for your order to arrive isn't ideal. Especially when you've just moved. You wanna be sitting around in an empty apartment? No. Get your sofa. ASAP. That means as soon as possible. Thanks. From all modern and sit comfortably while building out the rest of your space. That's modern made simple. Let me explain at all. Modern, you'll find only the best of modern styles. From Scandy to mid-century minimalist to Maximalist. Every piece is hand vetted for quality and designed for real life. Shop the best of modern outdoor furniture, Thomas Decor and everything in between. Find timeless designs in every style that fold function and fun all at once. From small decor swaps to full room revamps all modern has you covered Baby Shop online@allmodern.com or visit them in store in Linfield and Dedham, Massachusetts. Hey, I was a summer camp counselor in Dedham. So cool. Or in Austin, Texas where I wasn't a summer camp counselor.


You wanna watch your favorite TV shows and movies on a TV whose clarity, color, and contrast really shines through. You need Samsung Ole. Yeah. No, it's not some Swedish monster. It's Ole Let Samsung Ole Mercy you with unbelievable details and picture quality. They're AI powered processor upscales your favorite movies and shows in brilliant 4K resolution. So even old content looks amazing. And our podcast has never looked better. I've seen my podcast in Samsung. oled, my face comes out through the screen. Oh, I'm there with you. Don't be afraid. That's what I really look like. This is the only OLED TV validated by the industry leading color experts at Pantone. You can experience colors as they're meant to be seen. They know colors at Pantone. One of my big pet peeves when watching TV is glare. I hate glare. I hate it too. Yeah. I have to wear sunglasses sometimes when I watch tv. But the oled, that doesn't make sense. Nine five D has OLED glare free technology so you can watch with almost no glare. You know, I'm a big gamer. I love me games. Yeah, I love my games. I love Sizzle Busters. I love playing CORs Sizzle. Cosel Sizzle. Oh, I'm really good at that one. I got to level nine. I visited the planet. I have a Avadon ga. That's why I'm excited that the Samsung Ed's Motion Accelerator delivers ultra smooth 144 hertz motion. And the AI auto Game Motel is your game settings to its genre. My video game skills, I've never looked better experience to be the way it's meant to be seen with Samsung oled. Visit samsung.com/oled to learn more. Upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experience may vary according to types of content and format


football's approaching. It's time to get in on the action early this season. What are your favorite NFL future bets? Do you have an NFL team? You like Sona? Well, I I like the Rams 'cause they're an LA team, but I also grew up liking the Raiders 'cause they were an LA team. So But It gets confusing in LA Yeah, it does. Teams, teams coming, teams going. Yeah. You know, I'm from Massachusetts, so I gotta go Patriots all the way. Yeah. Pat guy gotta go. Pats don. Don't know why I did it in a Chicago accent. No, neither da Pats. I got my brat and da Pats. I I'm saying lions all the way This year. Now do You Detroit Lions. Okay. You like Detroit loins? I I do like the Detroit Lions. I don't know a lot about sports, but FanDuel makes it easy. So, you know, I I think I'm, I think lions all the way, man. Let's do It. I I I'm wishing the lions well. Thank you. I like it when victory is spread around. Wow. Thank you. If it can't be the Patriots okay, then I'm, I'm happy for it to be the Lions All. Right, but, and but not the Raiders. Not the Raiders No. Or the Rams? No. Oh, okay. So just And I. Not saying My 10 because they're just running around. How do they may not even all the Teams run around. That's football. May No, they may not be in LA next year. Your team. They may come on. You know what I mean? It's like an unreliable girlfriend Be gone in a second. Feisty. Oh, they'll be the Catalina Catalina Rams. Oh wait, no, they're the Alaska Rams. Tons of different player props like passing yards, TD rushing and receiving total and more. Also great team markets like to make playoffs win the division in Super Bowl matchups. And you can probably together different picks for even bigger payouts. Yeah. Right now new customers can get $150 in bonus bets. If your first $5 bet wins, there's no better place to get ready for the football season than on FanDuel America's number one sports book and official sports betting partner of the nfl. Just visit fanduel.com/ Conan to sign up today. 18 Plus in present in DC First online Real money wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued as non withdrawal bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fanduel.com. Gambling problem. Call or text. 1-800-GAMBLER 1 804 2 6 2 5 3 7.


What's the food in Portugal? The food Is definitely one of the highlights. So, oh, well, tell me what the food is. 'cause that's a lot of where the culture comes from. You know what I mean? In Italy, when people, when people maybe wanna stereotype Italy, they, you know, they talk about, oh my mama, she makes the pasta and, you know, yay. And they talk with their hands and all that kind of stuff. What do you got in Portugal? We, we have really good food. Like the, the main thing would be fish. We, most of people live close. Yeah. Seafood. No Fish. Come on. No fish. I'm sorry. Sona. People Come all over the world from Oh, my mama. She making a pasta. She makes a pasta. She making a pasta. Yeah. And then I want something from Portugal.


And. I get, you may have some fish. Oh, what kind? Just fish. Well, this is good. This is working what you're doing, you're stereotyping that. Yes. No, I think maybe that's what I, well, I'm serious. In Greece, we smash bottles, we drink Uzo, you know, we dance on tabletops, you know, everyone's got, she's the pasta. But then Italy, I'm making the pasta. I'm making the pasta. Mama, mama. But You, Portugal fixed porters stoicism fish we've gotta do So something but I think to your benefit, we don't put a lot of condiments on our food, so Oh, wow.


Okay. But. it, it's because the fish is that taste that we don't need to sit On it. Yes. I love That. It's a little bit of salt and pepper. Yes, yes. The subtle taste of untreated fish. Hey, excuse me, I'm a Portuguese waiter. Do you mind if I, no, couldn't I have just a little bit of No. What else besides fish? Well, we have quite a, quite a sweet tooth. So we have these people call them egg tarts, but we call them ts. You're not selling it. Bosco Egg Tart.


I'm sorry. They're delicious. They're delicious. They, they sell Around if you've been good. So what's do you this great delicacy, this egg tart. Tell us how is it made? What's, what's an egg tart? So it, it's, it's a crunchy philo pastry. It's kinda like a, a kinda like a cupcake, more or less shaped like a cupcake. Okay, that's Better. It's The same Size. You're doing good. So it's crunchy on the outside, it's super flaky, lots of butter. And then the, the filling is this kind of custard, so it's creamy with a little hint of lemon, maybe some turmeric.


They kind of bake them so that they're a little bit burned on top and then you serve them with a bit of cinnamon and it's delicious. Okay. That's a lot better. You just need to change the name. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, because you know, if kids Halloween dingdong, oh, yay, yay. Trick or treat, here's your egg tart. It doesn't work. Do you know what I mean? But what you're describing sounds a little better. We just need to work on the terminology. Why are They giving out pastries at Halloween? Well, because they don't have anything else. Also a holiday. They don't even celebrate. Yeah. I'm sorry. Do you guys have Halloween? Well, we do because we inherited it from the American side. Oh Yeah. Everyone has Halloween now. Maybe it Sounds, wanna dress up in Portuguese maybe's that it's not called egg tarts, but maybe in Portuguese it's a better name.


Oh. Oh. So Eduardo is showing a lot of cultural sensitivity. What's it called? Inese. It's called, which means cream pastries. Okay. See that's better. That's better. Yeah. You lost the egg. Yeah, it's good. Always take egg out of any kind of dessert or candy. Well, most of our sweets are are egg based actually. But you do have Halloween, so it's nice because if, if a kid doesn't get an egg tart, they just drop a fish in this. Exactly. That's, That's how we live it Up. I think I, I think I almost feel like the tourism board in Portugal needs help, don't you think?


Yes, exactly. We need to come up with some stuff that gives a little boost to Portugal and that people start to talk about worldwide. Yeah. Yeah. For sures. Don't you guys Have the biggest wave to surf or something Like that? Yes, yes. You're a surfer. You should have started with that. Yeah. Do you have the big, do you have the biggest wave in the world? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, biggest surf wave. Yes. Yes. It's, it's this place called Nare. It's kind of like two hours north from Here. I've seen footage of it. Yes. It's, it's fantastic. It's beautiful and it's insane. Yeah. Majestic. Have you ever surfed over there? No, I don't have a death wish. At least not yet. Oh. But, but it's, it's a, it's a very impressive to see.


I think a lot of these guys are, are kind of looking for a ticket out. Seems like it. But, but it's, it's like there's so much water moving and you feel the place vibrating from the energy of it. And it's something that, like the videos and the photos are something amazing to look at. But just seeing it upfront, That's amazing. It doesn't justice. I now this is something you could, well again, does it help with tourism to say, Portugal, our wave will kill you. No. What a way to go. I'm trying, I'm looking for stuff. You've got fixed borders, fish with no spices or condiments. Boy do we got you back. And I mean, and tar and a wave that will kill you.


And if you've got a sweet tooth, we'll make you an egg tart. I'm just summing up. We've got problems. Well, You, you can come watch the waves and see someone else who might die be appealing. Jesus Christ. Oh, Jesus Christ, Portugal. Wanna see someone die? Maybe. Have you ever considered working for France Tourism Board as an antidote for people going to Portugal or like Yeah, you could be the Antit tourism board guy. Yeah. I think we can do better for Portugal because I know you have a beautiful country. I can tell. We do. You guys are fantastic. Nothing against Portugal, but you're just not getting the right word out there.


You need a salesman to sell Portugal, don't you think? Yeah. Yeah, I think so. We're too self-deprecating for that. Oh, okay. No, I think I know of what you speak, but it's time to start tooting your own horn. Okay. And maybe even if we have to lie, we could make up some things about Portugal. Mm sure, sure. You know? Sure. Like what, like we could put out the rumor that occasionally Christian Ronaldo comes out of his house, he goes to a seven 11, goes to a seven 11. He starts offering the, the custard part parts to everywhere. Yeah, Exactly. Are you a good surfer? I've done it for a while. I'm not a, I'm not a pro, but I can hold my own in pretty much any condition.


I'm gonna tell you something those giant ways at my age, I've never tried to surf. I have a very long legs and a very high center of gravity, which I think doesn't help me. Plus a total lack of coordination and a lot of fear. Those things I think have gotten in the way of my becoming a surfer. Could I, could you teach me to surf? Do you think I'd be happy to? Yeah. Is it And? I? Think you'd be quite, quite useful in the water. You think I'd be good? He Said useful. Not necessarily good, but I like a raft useful at least. Yeah. Well you said, you said useful. I thought you said youthful. Oh, Did you say useful. I heard useful. So did I Useful? Yes. Yes. Okay. How would I be useful in the water?


Well, your, your impressive height would be a great deacon to know where to sit to pick up waves. And then I think your constant craving for attention would allow you to engage with all the other surfers. Distract them from the waves. And then I could just catch more waves. I love Portugal. Need for attention. Would they even be excited to see him? Because if everyone's so stoic, would they just be like All, right? Conan's here? Yeah. Would they even care? Oh, they would be like, come on funny man. Say some jokes. You know, I can get that at home. It's my wife and kids, so I like that you would take me to surf because I I'm a beacon.


And I would be a distraction. That would be, that's terrific. I I'd be happy to, to, to teach you and And I. Think it'd be a great victory if I got you to stand up. Can I ask you personal questions? Are you know, are you in a relationship right now? I'm not. Okay. guess What? I'm a great wing man. I just wanna tell you that right now, huh? No, I, I am, I'm a really You don. You doubt that I'm a really good wingman. People come over to see what is that, what is that thing? And then, and then you, I I say, and this is my friend, and they're like, oh, it talks And. I say, and this is Vasco. And then you're, you're in. What do you think? I Like, I like that approach. Yeah. I think it might Work.


Yeah. So I could take you out. I could be your wingman. Yeah. Yeah. What do you do? Do you ever do, do you hang out with other surfers? Yeah. Yeah. So like I, I live in this little kind of cul-de-sac and there's a nice wave right out front. So it's like I'm three minute walking distance from the beach and yeah, we kind of made a community just from the people who surf there and we all surf together. One of them is actually Irish. Which, which I, I thought you might think is interesting. Nope. And You gotta do no But it. So you surf with an Irish friend and then, but you guys all hang out together after you surf? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You kind of go over to each other's places to kind of do a little bit of a recap and have some beers.


Yeah, That's what I'm talking about. See, maybe, maybe break out an egg tart. Yeah. A fish with some no salted pepper on it. Yeah. That's great. And And, I'm just curious. So would I fit in in that world? Like maybe we spend a day surfing, then we go and we hang out and we have something to drink. We have some beers and we hang out with the other guys. Is that what happens? Yeah. Yeah. If you speak the lingo. Yeah, I think it'll fit in. You mean if I speak Portuguese? No, I mean the surf lingo. Yeah. The Portuguese won't help won. Won't hurt. Hurt either. But I mean more like the surf lingo. What's the surf lingo? You know, like it's like you're shredding it or you got shacked or it is so gnarly.


Or you got like completely toasted. Okay. Well a bunch of those things have happened to me. but I wasn't surfing. I did report it Bosco. I just, you seem like a, he seems like a very nice guy. Yeah. Yeah, he does. You're a very nice guy. You're a very cool guy. Thank you. I think you insulted me possibly 800 times during this call, which is about average when I talk to people. And I. Love that. I don't know why I'm a masochist, but you seem, you seem like a good guy. And Yeah, maybe someday we can surf. I can be your wing man and we can help Portugal. 'cause I think that would be a fantastic thing to do. You know, I think that's, it's time to put Portugal on the map. Exactly.


Agree. It's been on the map longer Than any country. Oh yeah. With fixed borders. It has fixed borders, fixed borders, fish, eggy tarts, long stares, All. right. Well Bosco, very cool to meet you. Really nice talking to you. And peace out. Yeah, it was great talking to you guys as well. I've been listening to the podcast and And watching your shows since. Since forever. Well that's good. It's a very good use of your time. I think so too. Yeah. I was being sarcastic. All. right. Well Vasco, thank you. Thank you very much. And I hope to see you soon. Thanks. Have a Great day. Yep. Bye. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs.


Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer Aaron Blair, associate talent producer, Jennifer Samples, associate producers Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of Sirius XM when you sign up at siriusxm.com/ Conan. Please rate review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wherever fine podcasts are down,


We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more. Atlantic, Union Bank. Any way you bank.


Sonic has really done it this time. Yep. They've achieved the perfect balance of texture and flavor with their latest burger. The new Sonic Smasher. Yeah. And Triple Sonic Smasher. Oh my God. They broke the barrier with this one. They've got made to order smashed and seared Angus patties that are crispy around the edges and juicy in the middle. I always ask for that and no one can do it. But Sonic, to top it off, there's tangy smasher sauce, creamy, melty American cheese, crinkle cut pickle, diced onions, and it's all served on a pillowy soft potato bun. Yeah, God bless you Sonic. Try the Sonic Smasher today and don't forget to add a half price drink when you order in the app. Live free, eat Sonic.