
You know, FedEx doesn't know you're a small business yet. Mm. Okay. But what FedEx does know is that running a small business is hard enough without the hassle of complex shipping. That's where there's FedEx one rate. Did. you know that with FedEx one rate, you can ship your holiday packages cheaper than the post office. What I hate to root against old Uncle Sam, but go, FedEx, go. You can send packages as low as $14 and 50 cents for small boxes. That's cool. Visit fedex.com/one rate for details. Exclusions apply. Valid ten six twenty four through 1 19 25 FedEx one rate two day retail shipping. One flat rate.


The new Sonic queso smashers. Now available. You're gonna wanna try this. They made the Sonic smasher you love. 'cause you do love your Sonic smasher, don't you? Sonic? I love Sonic smashes And. I love queso. Yeah. Well, guess what? They took the Sonic Smasher you love. And they added the new creamy queso in hand. Smash patties made to order. Just makes my brain explode. I just saw your brain explode. And queso came out. The Sonic queso smashes the perfect combination of Angus patties, creamy queso, jalapenos, and a southwest aioli. Sounds like juicy goodness to me. All that's left to do is choose a double or a triple Make mine. Two triples. That's a sex tt. The new Sonic queso. Smasher. Live free. Eat Sonic.


Hi, my name is Malcolm Gladwell. Well, I didn't think about this. Well, I have mixed feelings about being Conan O Brian's friend. No. Wait a minute. Why would you say that I'm a huge admirer of your work. Can I do a long explanation of why I have? Is it gonna be another book? No, No, no, no. Sure. Fall here. Back to school. Ring Bell shoes. Walking. loose the fence. And I. I Can. Hi. And welcome to Conan O'Brien.


Needs a Friend. I've got Matt Gorley. Hi with me Right here. Hi. Scribbling away. Something I. Don't know what he's doing. What are you wearing? Last Well, and testament and And. I've got son of obsession here. Yes. You know, we are getting into the holiday seasons. Yeah, we are. And I have a question for you, because this is something that hit me recently. I don't often reveal my interior life, my emotions, but I'm gonna get vulnerable here for a moment, which is, as you guys know, I'm an empty nester. Now my both my kids are in school. You're also an empty soul guy too. Aren. Yeah. Empty soul. Yeah. Yeah. But that's been, you know, whole life. But I didn't expect to feel this way, but I remember feeling this way at Halloween. I walked by some houses and they were all decked out with, you know, skeletons and witches and things like that.


And one of them had, there's this spider that plops down if it senses a presence. Have you seen that? Yeah. Remember when it just goes And, it makes a little noise and its eyes light up a little bit. And I just had this really strong memory of my kids watching me put all that stuff out. Mm. And being really excited and saying, where's the spider? And me going and getting, you know, there's the, you can get the fake graves and you can get the, the skeleton hand that comes outta the ground. My excitement came from their excitement of watching me do it. And, you know, they're not, they're in college now. And so we are not doing that to our house. And then I walked around And, I had that pang of it made me sad.


Ah. Do you know what I mean? I had a moment of, oh, that's, that's done. That's over I, don, I'm, I like not decorating. I'm not a decorator. And now I have to. 'cause I have boys, my boys And. I'm just like, come On. Oh really? It's, I gotta go get a web. I gotta get a web and like a spider and stuff. No, I don't wanna do that. Also. Really? Where are you gonna put all of it? There's just so much storage. You Are a terrible person. It's not even that. It's just Do you like, you like it? We can't like it. We're we're Big decorators for holidays. Of course you're, but I will say that when we had free time before Glen, it was so much easier. Now it's harder to decorate.


'cause we don't have time and energy. We still do it. And we go big. We go pretty big. Are You that house on the block? I Wouldn't say we're that house. Where of those houses? What? Okay. So Those houses. Yeah. Why would we drive around? A lot of houses in Altadena do it. And some of 'em, like, they'll let people into their houses and they do. they go all out House. they go all out. Yeah. Oh yeah. Well, there are, I mean, this is something that blew my mind. 'cause I grew up in, you know, suburb of Boston, And I. Think a fairly normal street. And people would put out Christmas decorations or Halloween decorations. And then much later in my life. And, but, but nothing that crazy.


Literally just a string of lights here and there. My brother Neil was the one that really went for, he found in a junkyard a giant light up Santa. And without my parents' permission, he lit it up and hung it on the front of our house. My parents were very, like, tasteful people and they were freaked out And. it was like, you know, and And I think it also, it ran on some, you know, now, now, or even then, outlawed gas. It was from like the twenties. I think Real Flames came outta the Santa. It was just And. it shot asbestos and viruses around. I think it polio. It had polio in its, it carried a candy. Kane's made of polio. Anyway, the point being that I then got out to LA after not seeing much.


And there are these streets here in la Set designers live there. Yeah. Affluent people that make movie sets. And they'll spend months and they'll bring in union crews and you'll see this insanity. Yeah. And you can't believe it. I know. And I think, oh, we just plugged in some candles. I like people who decorate their house for holidays. They shouldn't decorate for. What do you mean? Like, Why, why isn't there like a big Valentine's Day thing outside your house? Oh. Or a big St. Patrick's Day thing. Or like, you know. Well, some people go I don't know. Some people go big on St.


Patrick's Day as an Irish person. I don't like St. Patrick's Day. Okay. I think it's, I'm just, you know, I'm self-loathing Irish. So when a bunch of Irish people run around hitting each over the head with green beer and saying, saints beris, I'm not having it. And they're always like, one, one 15th Irish. So, you know, when someone from the Czech Republic is saying, ah, my gosh, you know, I'm not having it. Would Did you ever wear a shirt that said, kiss me, I'm Irish. No. Ever in your life? No. Ever in your life? No. Did. you ever Wear a shirt that just said, please kiss me. Yeah. Well into my late thirties. Okay. Please hold me. I think it said, Even sadder.


Please affirm my masculinity. I had a shirt that I wore for 35 years that was owed to feel a woman's touch. But o apostrophe. Oh yeah. O apostrophe o to feel a woman's touch. By the way, that's gonna be a new seller for our merch o to feel a woman's touch. Conan O to feel a woman's touch. No, I, I think a lot of young people wear that shirt. I love the holidays, man. But I can't get enough. Well, Well, first of all, you and your wife both worked at, at, at Disney back in the day. What's That got to Do with it? What I'm saying is sos No, no, not at all. That's a big corporation, which I'm sure advertises with us in some way.


My point is this Disney All You go to Disney all the time. Yeah. No, my thing is that you guys come from the world of, yay. Let's, you know, let's, let's put on some costumes. No, No. Hold on. Time out. Maybe she does. I was, she was a princess. She was, but I, she was a Disney, I was very cynical about working there. I did not like working. Oh, Wow. Oh, yo, you were, you worked at Disney, but you were the, you were in the resistance. I Was the cool guy. You're like the French waiter when the Nazis occupied. Who, who brought the soup out a little slowly. Here you go. You German generals. Here's your soup. It's ceis, but I warmed it a little bit. Take that you Nazis.


Well, you showed them. Yeah. I worked for Disney, but I was in the resistance. How Many wigs do you have? Be honest. Yeah. In your house. I don't have any wigs. You're lying. You must have like, oh, we're goofy. We got wigs. No, That's the thing. We It does look like a guy who has a bunch of wigs in A wig. Really? You are the person with All the wigs. No way. When I wear a wig, it's to pass a bad check. Okay. When I wear a wig, it's not to have fun, it's to pass the check that doesn't have my name on it. Oh, that's right. Hi, Mrs. O'Hurley. Now gimme the fucking money. I'm a Croatian man. Anyway. I feel like you Have a wig bin. I don't You have a wig.


You have a wig. You have a Thing. I don't. We've got rid of our wigs. That's right. Sona. In fairness to him, one week ago, they threw out the wig bin. So you had no right. Accusing him. Anyway, I miss it. I miss it. I miss my kids. I miss, I miss I. Don't know. I miss, I I I miss that part of life. So you should enjoy it now. I guess it's fun to go out and buy the, the spiderwebs. Or the other way to do it is just don't clean during the year. Oh, get the real spiderwebs. You know what I'm saying? In real time, No one's, no one's doing anything. None of us are reacting.


Did. you want us to giggle? No. Did, you want to giggle? No. I just thought I'd be Did. you want something? I really thought we had something there. I think we got a segment. Except it's an intro. It's an intro. Oh, fuck. That's right. Yeah. So what were we saying? We were so, I had something really funny. Oh, we're not gonna cut out that part where you didn't get your giggle. That's you didn't get your giggle. Yeah. Any who's, I love the holidays. And. I. Say that. DAZE. There's a funny little something for you. My guest today is a New York Times bestselling author of books such as Outliers, the Tipping Point, and Blink. He also hosts the popular podcast, revisionist History. And his latest book, Revenge of the Tipping Point is out now. I'm thrilled.


He's here with us today. Malcolm Gladwell. Welcome. Why do you have mixed feelings about being my friend? I hope you take this in the right spirit. Okay. A walk in and you come and say hello to me. And I. And I. See the famous hair. You for your entire career have been the king of the flamboyant hair club. You have been all, and I'm someone who has flamboyant hair. Yes. All of us have looked towards you. Thank you. As a kind of leader in the flamboyant hair. Thank you. And I. Look, And I Look. And it's not that flamboyant today. No. And I.


I felt a little let down. I was like, here I was. To get a kind of dose, a kind of feeling that I'm on the right track. That when I, when I let the whole fro thing go crazy, there's someone else out there doing it from the Irish perspective. And Yeah, I have an Irish fro. You do. That's what it's Called. But those famous, there's just, it's just kind of, I'll Tell you exactly what's going on, what's going on. My, and, and again, this could be a book for you, Malcolm Gladwell. This could be a book, but unintended consequences. You write about all these kinds of things. You know what's really happening behind a phenomenon that we, that you know, we all take for granted what's really happening. My hair is very susceptible to the weather.


Oh, And. it needs, there needs to be some moisture in the air. And. I'm really not kidding. My hair is a barometer. So I see when I'm in places like Seattle, Boston, where I'm from, when there's some, some humidity in the air, my hair is absolutely fantastic. It's on fire. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's And. It's, it's big and springy. And, it shoots out. So moisture in the air is the Viagra for my pompadour. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. But I'm trying to use a medical terminology. Are you Medical That You have thousands upon thousands of tiny little erections growing out of your head? You Have to say little, but sure. But what I'm saying is today it's been very dry. It's been very dry.


And I'm noticing lately, I get up in the morning and my hands are like scales and my hair has just collapsed onto my head. Yeah. And I could have done artificial things to pump up my hair this morning, but I didn't want to do that. What? Artificial Artificial things. What do you mean? What does have meat? Various chemicals and balms. But I didn't wanna do that. Yeah. Malcolm. I, I, I, so I didn't wanna be fake with you. So I come in And, I could see your face. You Could sense by disappointment sense. You said, shit, I'm unhappy out loud. I did. I didn't know I should say I'm, my feelings of disappointment are they're moderate.


I'm not. Wow. For me, that's pretty good. Yeah. No, it's just a little, I'll take that. It's just I came all pumped up. Yep. Because like I said, you know, in every generation has a kind of flamboyant Yep. Hair leader Einstein in his day. Thank you. Angela Davis. Yep. In the sixties. Yep. Right. Yep. We can go down the list. There's always someone, those of us who are trying to do something with our hair, look towards, I Took a stand. My hair has never been the popular hairstyle. It basically is the Bob's big boy. It is. You know, it's a combination of Elvis. It's the, you know, star of Hawaii. Five Oh, Steve Mcg Garrett. Yes. Little Steve Mcg Garrett.


There was a lot of influences to my hair. It's got some rockabilly to it. And I let you down. And I. Apologize. Yeah. No, understand. But, and you're gonna really admire, this is a professional level segue. You did not let me down because you've written another fantastic book. Oh, Revenge of the Tipping Point, where you revisit You are really anxious to change the subject from your hair, aren't you? Well, because it's coming from a place of disappointment. And, and we're gonna talk about the Revenge of the Tipping Point in just a second. But I wanted to start with something else that I just happened to know about your, your own life, which is that you're now in the world of, of being a parent. I am. And what fascinates me is that I'm, I'm obviously very impressed and intrigued by the way your brain works.


And to be honest, somewhat intimidated. And then I come in today thinking that's one area where I've got 21 year head start on Malcolm Gladwell. I, I do. Was that You do? No, I do. No. I, And I, And I, And I feel like. Yes. And, and not only you guys as well. You, we can kick this guy around. Yeah. With our knowledge of parenthood. Yeah. We better. Yeah, yeah. No. So you took it too far. Oh, I'm sorry. Sorry, sorry. I'm, I'm mute, but No, no. You are, you're such an original thinker. But before we even get into the book, part of me wanted to say, Hey, what's your take on parenthood? Because I bet it's fairly original and unique.


No, no, no. The in fact, the exact opposite. The thing I realized really early was that every observation I had about my children, every other parent in the history of parenting had already had about their children. So my entire life, I had been burdened by the obligation of originality. The burden has not been lifted. And as a parent, I am free, I am free to say the most banal thing about my kids. Great. And everyone's like, oh yeah. That no one has ever, ever said when I've, 'cause I I, I've turned into the person I once despised, all they do is show people pictures. Yeah. Nonstop. Nonstop, by the way. In fact, oh, Lemme see. There they are. Oh my God.


Beautiful. Look. Adorable. Oh my God. Adorable. Adorable. There's so cute. Yeah. Very, very cute. I could, we could go on, I could sidetrack this whole thing. No. No one has ever said, when I make my observations, no. They always say, yeah, that, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That, but you know what? It's funny. I bet, oh, here's Malcolm Gladwell. Let's ask about being a parent. You know, we're gonna get this. And then you say, it makes you really tired. And people are like, what? What? This from Malcolm Gladwell, it can be challenging at times. It's rewarding. No, but also none of Those things. None of those things.


But I, I do like, it's the secret club, you know, before you have kids, you're not a member of the club. And then you join the club and it's like, it's like, because you get a whole new lease on life. I Had one thing, then I, maybe I've said it to you guys, to Matt and Sona, but I try very hard not to tell first time expecting parents any kind of All. right. Let me tell you, sit, have a seat. Yeah. Yeah. And let me spin some wisdom for you. I always try and tell them. It's like trying to explain to someone who's never been immersed in water, what that feels like. It is such a profound change in your life that you just need to go through it.


And then you're gonna look at me and nod. Yeah. But to try and sit and explain. The only way for someone to understand what it's like to be in a body of water is to jump in a body of water. And until you've done that, the greatest writers in the world cannot explain to you what that feels like. Yeah. Yeah. And so you just have to go through it. The only advice I ever give is lots of video, because you're, when they, 10, 15, 20 years from now, You are going to look at all of it over and over and over again. Oh. Video that I'm taking of them. I thought you meant video that I'm showing them like lots of Screen tiles just Yeah. Set 'em in front of a iPad. I thought you were just saying.


Oh, no, you, you got it. Exactly. Specifically VHS video. I think it should be all movies from the eighties and late seventies. Lots of murder. Lots of murder. Yeah. And just, they should be No. Be Funny if, Wait, that was my advice. I. can you know what? Lots of screen time and fructose corn syrup. We, 1, 1 1 season of revisionist history. We, we did a, we rewrote the ending to the Little Mermaid over the course of four episodes, which is possibly three episodes. Too many. But it was very fun. 'cause you know, and it's all wrong, the ending. Yes. Right. Yes. And it's a And I had run across this all Wrong because Well, I'll explain to you. Thank you.


Conan. Do you have, do you have daughters by The way? I have a daughter and a son. Oh, So only two. That's unusual for someone of What? Yes. Oh, and, and guess what, guess what? They're both alcoholics and they dress like leprechauns Gladwell. Wow. Guess what? You know what? A little bias there. I, the, I guess what if it had been, can you Resist? No, you Can't. You can't resist. Oh, Brian is the last name. You can't resist. Also, the Irish are the one people where you can say whatever you want and no one gets upset. Not even particularly the Irish.


Yeah. Yeah. On that point, first of all, on Irish bias, which is always confirmed, I would've had more kids. And after our second child, my wife said, you're never to touch me again. Which I've held onto that. But, and the second one, this is a true story I did at a Benefit the other night, I performed at a benefit for a really good cause. And just before I went up, some guy who was at the benefit in the crowd came up to me, I wanna say he was like late thirties, had a little bit of a fratty vibe to him, maybe 40. And he was like, Hey, man. So when you go up to perform, do you usually, you know, have a couple of, you know, a couple of hits?


Because he was holding a drink. And I went, no, I, I don't do that. And he went, no, come on. But you probably have at least a drink. And I went, no. And he went, but you're Irish. Yeah. And he looked really like I don't understand, you know, how an Irish person cannot be drinking. It was just fascinating to me that in this age of sensitivity and everything, he's like, Nope. And, I. I was like, no. Okay, I get it. But you guys are, you're the last, We're the last We can sort of open season. Yes, you can. No, it's fine. Yes you can. And go for it. But yeah. No, no. But so Didn't mean to, to offend you. No, no. You, I find it again, you can't offend the Irish. Yes. Every thought I ever had as a parent has already been said. Probably by the ancient Greeks.


Yeah. No, no, it's great. No, I asked only because you must have seen the Little Mermaid if you have a daughter. And the, I had read this law review article by this professor who was watching a Little Mermaid. She was a contract law professor with her kids. And she got outraged at the way the Little Mermaid story portrays contract law. Because, because of course, the plot twist in the Little Mermaid is that the Little Mermaid enters into a contract reversal that she will give up her soul unless she gets the, there's no way that contract will be upheld by a court of law. And this law professor got very angry that Disney was deliberately perpetrating this kind of injustice on contract law.


And so she wrote, She has no issue with there being no such thing as mermaids, though. No, No, no. Also, she points out, Out. Yeah. Mermaid is underage. You cannot, an underage person can't. So there was so many red flags. Yes. So many red flags. So she writes this very angry Law review. And I. Remember I was, I was reading it Remind me never to watch a movie with this person. I know. No, no. And I. I was like, I had, I had one thought on, only one thought on me. And that was, this woman is the greatest of genius. I'm sorry. I just, I basically ran back to the office and called her up And. it turns out she was hilarious. And she inspired me. So then I turns out there's multiple problems with Little Mermaid. Oh yeah. I mean, I don't mean to get into it. And so I Did, you know, the screenwriter actress, Britt Marling friend of mine, I said, Brit, I have this problem with Little Mermaid.


She said, so do I. And so she rewrote. I got her on the case, And, then we performed it. I got Jodi Foster and Glenn Close to play key roles. Oh my God. And the And I. What I really wanted, the final piece was I wanted Disney to sue us, because I've heard they're famously litigious. Yes. And I thought, this is the greatest marketing opportunity in the history of my podcast. My podcast is not as big as yours. I need to have these kinds of Yes. And so I did everything in my power to bring this to the attention of the attorneys at Disney. Nothing. Ugh. To this day, basically, I accused them of everything under the sun. I ripped off their content. I did everything you're supposed to do to get a lawsuit. Yeah. No lawsuit.


Ugh. That's disappointing. Yeah, it is. I think there's nothing sadder than not being sued by Disney I know. It was like, it was like when they, when they remember they were banning books again in like Florida. Right. And the first thing I did was like, am I a list? I a list? Oh, please. Oh, please, Please, please. I wasn't on the list. Everyone's got the big villain in their life. You know who mine is? Who? The person in my house that opens a vanilla yogurt a little bit. Takes like one or two spoonfuls and then closes that foil back up again. This is so Passive aggressive. 'cause it's just you and your wife, you know?


Yeah. I need just a little for my smoothie. Take the whole thing and leave it alone. It's not that big. She's the villain in my life.


How do you sleep at night, honey? Well, I already know the answer. Mattress Firm Mattress Firm. We'll find you the right bed with their wide selection of quality mattresses at every price. Rest easy with Mattress Firm 120 Night Sleep trial. Love it. Or your money back. You can sleep on this for 120 nights and then say, Hmm, maybe not. And ship it back. I don't think so. You're gonna love it. See a lower price somewhere else. Mattress Firm will match it with their low price guarantee. Wow. Get matched at mattress firm's Black Friday sale and sleep at night. Restrictions apply. See Mattress Firm dot com or store for details. Intex Conan to 7 6 6 6 9 3 for a hundred bucks off your next purchase at Mattress Firm exclusions apply.


Amazon Prime is a collection of excellent services. Amazon Prime includes prime video, Amazon music, and free same day delivery. All of its services help you make the most of your holidays and enable your traditions to live on. I mean, how do we get along without this new technology? This Amazon I know, If you wanna listen to all the holiday music, you could just put it on there. You wanna watch holiday movies? Yeah. But, and if you want a gift, you just put it on. What I do to my wife now is I say, see that? Click. Get that from me. What Is It, that voice I. Don't know why I talked that way. With Amazon Prime, you get next day free delivery. So everything you need arrives just in time. Amazon Prime encourages your ability to celebrate the holidays. Prime services don't simply help you get closer to your passions. They help you discover new things to get into, which is true. It's a, it's a wonderful service. Whatever you're into or getting into, trust me, it's on Prime. Sign up for Amazon Prime today from streaming to shopping. It's on prime Visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into.


Really hard to fit fitness into my schedule. Yeah. You know, I'm very busy, but people expect Conan O'Brien to have an incredible body. Yeah. You need To, we, we, we imagine you yoked. Yes. You know. Well, I mean, just like fit and Yes. Chiseled. Exactly. Yeah. That is how people think of me. I'm sort of a icon of fitness. That's why Peloton really makes it easy, because they have a variety of challenging classes that will fit my schedule. Yeah. You know what I mean? I can't, like, oh, I better be there at nine. No. Peloton makes it so easy for me. Peloton has programs to keep you on track from marathon prep to four week training programs. It's pretty cool. Peloton has programs and classes that can adapt to any goal, challenge yourself anywhere with Pelotons all Access membership. You can work out where you need to, like at home on your bike tread and row or anywhere with the Peloton app. You know what I mean? It's amazing. They've got it all. I'm telling you. Find your push, find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


You know, the, the story that got me writing this book is, I, I wanted to say something about the opioid crisis. Yeah. Which I think is the kind of the most under-discussed thing going on in our society right now. And I was very, I wanted to understand how it, how it was that Oxycontin makes this enormous. I mean, it's not the first painkiller, it's not the first opioid painkiller. It's not the first addicted painkiller yet. It's the one that sets in motion this epidemic that now, you know, kills over a hundred thousand Americans every year, by the way. Which is an such an astonishing number. I don't, I can't even, I don't understand how we even wrap our minds around how many Americans die every year of overdoses. But, but understanding that there was this very, very deliberate Machiavellian brilliant but evil strategy they followed, which was an epidemic strategy, which was all about understanding that they did not need to convince the majority of doctors to prescribe opioids for, to start an epidemic.


They only needed, in fact, they end up the statistic I I was, is at the core of this was they ended up, we ended up with a situation at the end of Oxycontin's life where 1% of American doctors were prescribing 50% of the Oxycontin. Yes. Yeah. And that's the whole game. They understood. We don't even have to worry about, we can basically ignore 99% of doctors. Our concerns with the 1%, a couple thousand doctors in the whole country will be sufficient to get this thing rolling, because those guys at the fringes will prescribe so many prescriptions of Oxycontin. That's all, that's all we need. And so they take a sales apparatus, which typically if your drug company, you build a sales apparatus to, to reach the broad middle of doctors.


And they just deployed it towards these kind of like whack job doctors who were way out of, you know, the norm in, you know, in small town Tennessee, and visited them hundreds of times, Wind and dined them, Wind and dined them and convinced them to write thousands of prescriptions for Oxycontin. That is the distillation of an epidemic strategy. Yeah. It's not the law of the few, it's the law of the very, very few, very, very few in analogous situation. You talk about how they did a covid study involving hundreds of people and, you know, thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of people got sick And. it was from two people. Yeah. In the study. It was two of them.


Yeah. Spread it. Yeah. In the sa And it's analogous. It's in the same way that with, with Oxycontin, they had you describe the tragedy of it is that the vast majority of doctors are responsible, and there are laws and mechanisms in place to keep something like this happening. You describe how doctors there was a, a, a rule put in place that if you write someone a prescription for a drug, this powerful an opioid, it's on a triplicate form. So there's three copies, and because of that, it keeps everyone in line. There's three copies of it. There's a real record, a lot of dissemination of what I'm doing.


Okay. So everyone is gonna be good. But then these drug companies found out there are some places where they, that law doesn't apply. Yeah. And that's where they feasted On and that's where they feasted. Yeah. And, and then you talk about what's really disturbing is reading the testimony later on where people are being asked members of the family, the Sackler Family, The Sackler family. Yeah. They're being asked, do you feel any kind of responsibility? And it's all passive language. Well, the kind of famous Nixon quote is, mistakes were made. Yeah. Yeah. About Watergate. Well, mistakes were made. None of them, you know, none of them went to jail. Yeah. If you think about it, like, you know, Sam Bankman free, who, you know, I guess committed a fraud and went, you know, although none of the very few of the people who he apparently defrauded actually lost money.


He's in jail for how many years? Eight years. So you can, you can mislead rich people and you're in jail for eight years, but you can kill a couple hundred thousand Americans and you're fine. Yeah. I find that very curious. I don't really understand how, I mean, I realized it was a legal settlement and blah, blah, blah, and blah, blah, blah. But still, it's kind of shocking that it is shocking. And they, and then the, you're talking about when they testified before Congress, they talked as if this whole epidemic had been started by someone else. It wasn't even. It was, or this company, Purdue Pharma, that their family had started and created and, and run for two generations was a kind of third party off by the side that they had no connection to.


I mean, I just find the whole, everything about the opioid crisis is astonishing to me. I remember it being shocked very recently. One of my children came home from school. Someone came to their school and told them, showed them how to use Narcan. That's how prevalent this is. That the way we were shown a fire it exit. Yeah. And had a fire alarm practice. Now kids are being shown how to, you know, young adults are being shown how to use Narcan because, and thank God they are, because that's saving a lot of lives. But that's where we are now.


Yeah. It's, no, it's a little, it's just standard training for kids. Yeah. One more. Welcome to the world of parenting. The one more thing I have to worry about. Well, It's, I mean, something I never thought about, obviously when I was growing up and it didn't have to worry about, and there's so many things that kids have to worry about today. It does make me profoundly sad that even fairly innocuous things that a kid may experiment with can have been tampered with. Yeah. And, and kill them. So, you know, that's the world we're in. And I'm gonna end the podcast right there. Oh, No, no, Conan.


You're just bringing us down. This is I know. You're, what happened to your fame is Jo iv. Guess, guess what happened? Guess what happened? You came in and you shit on my hair. Is your mood contingent on your hair? Yes. Yes. And now I'm spiraling. My hair is flat against my big Irish skull, which is loaded with alcohol. Jamison's, Jamison's, And, I am I'm primed for a fight. But, you know, but you know what? There's so much there. It's, it's really funny. Like there's, there's on an upbeat note because yeah, there's so many fun puzzles in this book and, and, and intriguing things.


There's one thing that you brought up in the book, and I'm, I'm jumping around here because I, I don't know a better way to discuss it, but you talk about how we all know World War II ends 1945. There's the revelation, Nuremberg trials about concentration camps. And, sorry, upbeat note. You'll see we're getting there. We're getting there. All. right? We're Getting, this does not end well. Okay. No, this is, if I, if I have a sense No, No, no, no. This was, I, not, not that it's upbeat, but it was fascinating to me that the Holocaust was very little discussed in the late forties, the 1950s, the sixties through The end of the seventies, through The end of the seventies. And then there's, was it a movie of, it's a television Movie, four part mini series.


So if you go back and you look at, I got, when I got interested in this, I got all the, the, the textbooks you would read in freshman year, European history in the sixties and the seventies. And if you read them and you're reading, they got like four chapters in the second World War. You read all four chapters and you're looking for when they discuss the Holocaust. And you look and you look and you look and there's, there's nothing there. There's like two sentences. There's like, and then the Germans created camps where they put displaced persons, gypsies, communists, and Jews. Period. And then they go on to something else. You're like, wait, this, these are serious textbooks. And then you look, you can keep going. And there's actually been a, there's a whole scholarship about how they weren't denying the Holocaust.


They just weren't mentioning it. It Wasn't discussed. It Just wasn't, there is no, there's only one Holocaust museum in this country prior to the, to nine, to the 1980s. And that's actually here in la. And that was one that was created almost by accident. A bunch of, I tell that story in the book. A bunch of survivors are at Hollywood High learning English together, and they want a place to put their stuff, the stuff they can't bear to keep in their house. Right. They the uniform from Auschwitz or whatever. And then what happens? So there's this, and if you, if you look at like, how often is the word Holocaust used in books, magazine articles, newspapers, up until 1979. And the answer is it's almost never used. Then there's a four-part miniseries on NBC starring Meryl Streep and James Woods called Holocaust, which half the country, it has a 50 share.


Half the country tunes in to watch it. Right. And boom, after that, that's when we get all the Holocaust museums. That's, that Blew my mind that this was not discussed. And, and that this one TV series that I frankly don't remember watching changed everything. Yeah. Completely changed the dialogue. I remember the same thing happening with, I mean, this is crazy, but there was a, in the eighties, there was a, the day after. Yes. Yes. That's it. The day after about nuclear war. And there's footage of Ron and Nancy Reagan, president Reagan and Mrs. Reagan watching it. And they're gobsmacked. This is the guy who has the nuclear football, is saying what This Would be that.


And so the net cut to him meeting with Gorbachev, you know, at Revic and saying, well, we have to make sure this never, you know. Yeah. And be based on a TV movie that got maybe what if that hadn't been greenlit? I mean, it's, yeah. These things turn On these incredibly, the Judgment of Nuremberg not land with people. No. You, I mean, there are these little mentions here. There's Diary of Anne Frank, obviously, which is on Broadway and also a movie. But even that, remember that's really about Anne Frank's story in, in, in, in Holland. It's not really about what's going on in the camps in Central Europe. Also just a judgment. Nuremberg is not all it, It does not focus on the Holocaust that it, do you know what I mean?


It it in a way that you would expect it today. It's very much, yeah. It's, it's very much about the, the prosecution of evil and the, the, these, these bad bad Nazis. But it's discussed, and there's a famous scene, I think with Judy Garland, but it's, and they show footage. Remember? They show it in the courtroom. Yeah. They show like, but it's not, it's not highlighted that way. Yeah. The average American, when they finally run that, that mini series, most Americans had, if they, they had, they were dimly aware that there had been, the term that was used back then was that there had been atrocities. Right. Yeah. But the idea that there was this kind of systematic destruction of European Jew at the scale that it was, and with the, and what that meant on a kind of an was not, was sort of absent from discussion.


It's, it's kind of, and then they take the, the mini series then gets resold to German television. And the same thing happens only times 10. 'cause the Germans had just not mentioned the Holocaust at all. And all of these Germans discover for the first time what their country did And. it has, there's, there's a whole literature about what happened when the Germans finally watched this NBCI mean, the country was in a, a uproar. I mean, you cannot imagine, there's almost no analogous media event to what happened when the Germans watched this. It was on late night cable and the whole country tunes in. Yeah. And it, it just kind of, there was, you know, all the major newspapers ran these huge sections discussing what had happened.


And people were like, wait. And that's when now you have in Germany a real heightened awareness of their responsibility for the Holocaust. I Have very, very, it's moving. And it's very impressive too that when you go to Berlin, there is, they've not only acknowledged it, but there's a sense that they're going to great lengths Yeah. To make sure that everyone is aware And I mean all the plaques outside of homes that say, these people were taken from this home and they were taken to this camp and they were murdered. And it's just a, there are a lot of countries in the world, you know, I don't know if there's of any such thing as an innocent country, but many countries have things to own up to and, and don't.


Yeah. And, and it's, it's, you know, it's impressive how much Germany has, But the whole thing goes to this question of that. There can be, I mean, what interested me was that there can be a moment when public opinion or acknowledgement or knowledge of an event can kind of shift overnight. I mean, is that, that was what attracted me to that story. Well, there's a, there's a, there is a lighter version of this, which is really got me thinking. You talk about Will and Grace. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. There were these very perceived rules about, if you're going to talk about, let's say you're going to talk about homosexuality or gay couples on a television, here are the rules.


And there was this way in which that it has to be done responsibly. And, and Will and Grace didn't follow any of those rules. Yeah. So there, this is all this work of, I've ran across this really wonderful TV scholar named Bonnie Dow, who does this analysis first. She starts with the way that Hollywood talked about women's issues. So remember that wave of kind of feminist show starting in the seventies? Mary Tyler Moore show, right? Rhoda Rhoda, Yeah. Yeah. Cagney Cagney Lacey. Is that Yes. I think that's part of that. Yeah. And she points out that you would think watching those, that those were shows that were kind of pro women's liberation or whatever feminist, but they follow a very implicit, an implicit set of rules about how a woman is allowed to proceed.


She says that in every case, the women was only allowed to succeed in a, if she was succeeding in a man's world. And she, all of those heroes were childless and not in a relationship. So the, the, the real message of that, of those shows were, yes, you can, you can get ahead if you're a woman, but only if you give up any chance of having a family. Right. There's no domesticity, there's No, there's no domesticity. Yeah. So it's like, so it's not really, are those shows pro-feminist? Or when you watch 'em, do you think, oh wow, that's the price I have to pay if I wanna participate. Then she says, there's a similar set of rules about the way Hollywood dealt with gay topics. And the rule was homosexuality was always a problem to be solved.


In other words, the plot surrounding the gay person had to turn on the fact that everyone else in that person's life was trying to fix all of the crisis that had been caused by that this person's sexuality, the gay character was only ever seen in isolation. So they didn't have a community. They didn't have Yeah. They weren't in a relationship. They didn't have, they were just off by themselves. It was like, the typical one would be you find out your 16-year-old son is gay. Right. And so the whole family is left to deal with this intense problem. Another rule was no sex. So you can't ever see what this thing is about.


You're, you're, it's all always an abstraction. And the, oh, and then the last one was that the, the, the gay character cannot be the center of the narrative. They have to be peripheral to the narrative narrative's about it. So, you know, you, you, you add these up and you get, you could, you could watch a Made For Team Me movie that might be on its face might be quite sensitive and sympathetic to the gay character. But all these rules are telling the audience that this guy's often the margins, he's on the fringes. He's incapable of participating fully in modern life. Right. So, and there's a wonderful book, like this film Scholar does a book where he looks at every single film from 19, like 1940 to 1975, that had our 1980 that had a gay character.


And he just shows like every single one of them meets a bad end. They either are killed, they commit suicide, end up in prison, or like every single one, there's like 48 characters and like every one of them. And what happens with Will and Grace is that Will and Grace comes along and breaks every one of those rules. So Will's gayness is not a problem to be solved. Right. Never. It's never perceived to be a problem. He's, he's never, he's not seen a nice nation. He's Also, it's Will and Grace. So he's number one on the call sheet. He's not Peripheral. He's he's not peripheral. Yeah. He has Jack and he has boyfriends. He's part of a community, you know, go on and on and on. He, he's, he's at center of the show. He's not a, he's not. And they effective that. So if you, if you're someone who's watched TV your whole life and all you've seen is gay characters in this very specific context where there's something deeply problematic about them, and all of a sudden you're exposed to a show where there's a gay character and there's nothing.


I mean, he has problems, but they're not problems related to his sexuality. He's just a neurotic, just another neurotic. Like he's like the rest of us, you know, the rest of this. He's got problems we all have. Yeah. Living in an apartment in New York, which is what all sitcoms were about in those sort. Right, right, right. The, so it's, there's something with that show that kind of, that is, that is a, a revolutionary show. It completely rewrites the rules. I think, you know, if it's always a fun experiment to say, what are the five most important television shows of the last 50 years? I think Will and Grace is like, I would put it I don't know. Second, third. I think it's, I don't think it's, I think, I think it's the head of Archie Bunker. I think it's, yeah. You know, they always say 60 Minutes is one, and like, I usually get three.


I'm usually three. Your show late night with Con Bryan is usually three. Huh. Are we, are we in the real world or in my reality? Yeah. Because I like my reality. And in my reality, mermaid is perfect. Mermaid, I should not have laughed. So Hardily at your suggestion, you no M Sure. Yeah. I know what you find so funny. It's You are, I'm, I'm always like three or four. But I know what you're saying, But I think you're top 10. Yeah. Thank you. By the way, can I make a peripheral point about late night and the decline of what late night news meant? Oh, sure. So For several generations, this is not related to my book. All of America, not all of America, a huge chunk of America every night watches some version of either Jimmy Johnny Carson or someone else.


Right. Interview somebody. Engage in a conversation with somebody. Yeah. Right. And it's highly entertaining. But also what they're seeing is a masterful interview, interviewer interview someone. Right. So you're getting, it's kind of like interviewing class conducted on a national basis for everyone in America. That goes away. And my, I have become convinced that no one knows how to interview anyone anymore. Or even have really what Johnny Carson is having is conversations. Right. Yeah. Really fun conversations. I think the art of conversation has declined at the same time as the decline of late night. I don't think people, you need a model. No one has a model anymore. They're not, it's like You're being incredibly rude right now.


No, no. I'm interviewing you. You said they're all done. You said no one knows how to interview anymore. And. I would like you to have a big fuck yourself sandwich. Can you, do we have a fuck yourself sandwich? That's not a good conversation. A little pastrami on it. That's a bad conversation. Me. Make good. Talk me. Make good talk. Not bad talk. No, you're, no, you're part of, you grew up on these people. Yeah, yeah. Right. Yeah. You know what I'm talking about? Yes. You grew up on, and various versions of that, all of the different late night hosts offered you a different version of how to do it. Right. And when that goes away as a model, who's left? Well, there's a lot of things I could say about it. Yeah. But I, I do think that the architecture of a late night show for a long time was kill time.


Meaning when the, the form comes along because in the late forties, early fifties, someone at NBC realizes we just go off the air at 11 o'clock at night. Why do we do that? Yeah. It's like a, a a, a family that discovers we've got an attic, why don't we go up there, finish the attic, and suddenly we've got three more bedrooms. So the early late night shows are people killing time. Yeah. And that's what they are for a long time is killing time. And a lot of good conversation comes out, comes out of killing time comes out of killing time. Yeah. Yeah. What happens is there's a lot of money in it.


Then there's more competition and television and media in general speeds up and there's more and more pressure on them. And then suddenly it's, well, you can't sit and have a long conversation. There needs to be a lot of energy. There needs to be, a lot of it has to be frenetic. The pace of it. And if you look, if someone ever does a study on late night television, go back and watch Carson and watch Early Letterman e even the, you know, earlier versions of my show or early episodes of the early nineties. There is a slower pace. I Mean, to some extent podcasts such as this have filled that void because we're slowing down.


Right. We are. Or choosing, We're basically killing time right now. Conan, I mean, oh, we are killing time. We, we are. I mean, But I don't have anywhere to be. Do you have anywhere to be I don't have anywhere to, I haven't had anywhere to be four years. Really hard to fit fitness into my schedule. Yeah. You know, I'm very busy. But people expect Conan O'Brien to have an incredible body. Yeah. You need to, we, we, we imagine you yoked. Yes. You know, I mean just like fit and Yes. Chiseled. Exactly. Yeah. That is how people think of me. I'm sort of a icon of fitness.


That's why Peloton really makes it easy because they have a variety of challenging classes that will fit my schedule. Yeah. You know what I mean? I can't like, oh, I better be there at nine. No. Peloton makes it so easy for me. Peloton has programs to keep you on track from marathon prep to four week training programs. Mm. It's pretty cool. Peloton has programs and classes that can adapt to any goal, challenge yourself anywhere. With Pelotons All Access membership. You can work out where you need to, like at home on your bike tread and row or anywhere with the Peloton app. You know what I mean? It's amazing. They've got it all. I'm telling you, find your push, find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from Idea to Medicine thanks to our intellectual property system or IP for short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip


works wonders,


No matter what happens to your phone This holiday, whether it crashes down the chimney or gets broken, like a New Year's resolution, Verizon's got you this Black Friday trade in any phone, any condition from one of our top brands, and get a wonderful new iPhone 16 pro with Apple Intelligence on unlimited, ultimate and iPad and Apple Watch Series 10. That's up to $2,000 in value. So you'll save big on three amazing Apple gifts. Hurry into Verizon, this Black Friday service plan required for iPad and Apple Watch up to $2,000 value based on iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch trade in and additional terms apply to verizon do com for details. Apple intelligence available.


Now I've noticed that you, there's a chapter of this book that you have not mentioned at all, Which is For reasons that I think will become obvious. Okay. It's the chapter where I attack Harvard University. You're alma mater. Oh, I'm off You. I'm all in favor of attacking Harvard University. There is an extended, yeah, there is an extended assault. You know that this is a you I I, i was, you know, I wasn't hiding from that chapter. There's so much to talk about. But you talk about how it starts with Harvard has a women's rugby team. Yeah. And I. I and You. And you basically say why, why, why?


And you go ahead. You take it. And by the way, I was on the women's rugby team. I got a scholar. That's how I got my scholarship. The, you should, first of all, I should say parenthetically that no one spends more time attacking the Ivy League than me. It's my, I was, that's why God put me on this earth. I feel that's my, yeah. I've done it so many times in my podcast that whenever I come up with my new attack, which I do every year, it just, everyone just in the room just rolls their eyes. That's, we could do a whole put Malcolm on the couch. Why is he so obsessed with them? But put that aside, the particular argument here is based on, I'm trying to figure out Harvard University where you attended Sure. Is. I can't hide from that anymore. You can't hide from that anymore.


1981 to 85. Yeah. They plays more division one sports than any other college in the country. No one else is even close. Everyone, people don't realize this. You always think the big sports, sports school is like Clemson or something. No, no, no. It's Harvard. They have more student athletes than anyone else. And not only that, they give a massive admissions preference to their recruited athletes. So the easiest way to get into Harvard is not to be the best student in your class. It's to be the best athlete in your class, but Also very specific athletic endeavors. Yeah. So the, the sports they, they really, really, really, really care about are, and see whether you can detect some kind of common denominator, rowing, fencing, sailing rugby, tennis, it's country club sports.


Right. So I do a whole chapter on why would they bend over the bend over backwards to participate in all of these country club sports. And not only that, to give massive, basically to do an affirmative action program for the athletes in the sports. And the answer is because, you know, a sport like tennis, to be a recruited tennis player, you have to play division one tennis to play division one tennis. Your parents have to be willing to spend 50 to a hundred grand a year in the Game. It's enormously Expensive. Enormously expensive. So when I say I'm setting aside four admission slots every year for tennis players, what I'm really saying is I'm setting aside for a mission slots for the children of people who have enough money to spend a hundred thousand dollars on their kids' ground strokes.


So it's a way of making sure that enough rich kids attend your school. It's really obvious. Yeah. But, and like, this drives me crazy because I am someone who believes very strongly in the idea of a meritocracy, And I think it's one of the most beautiful things about this country. And the idea that the, the reigning symbol of meritocracy in this country is essentially going out of its way to reward kids who play rich kid sport like sail. They give it admissions preference for kids who are good at sailing. Like it's just a, it's ic. It's Ridiculous. Well, maybe they're gonna grow up to be fishermen, lobstermen, you know? I mean, they're gonna probably go to sea and explore the oceans.


I mean, I think most of those kids are gonna end up Right. Hauling crab. Yeah, that's Right. Yeah. That's why They're doing it. Yeah. That's, I think so. Well, you, there's another, okay, this, this brings up another point, which is that what, 'cause when I read that, I thought, shit, I should have, I should have done some fencing. I worked way too hard in high school. That would've Been a much easier, Yeah. I should have been a bee a champion beekeeper. But the bigger point is that people can eventually game anything. That's the way I feel about it, is that, yeah, because the other point is, okay, let's, let's set all the, the rich kids who are playing those sports aside and say, okay, we really want it to be a meritocracy.


So we're gonna have it be about the SAT. People can game that because parents hire SAT tutors, there's billions of dollars spent a year making sure that that kids are very familiar with that test. I think it still does test people who were, you know, off the charts. Certain you can obvious, see, you can obvi. But, but what I'm saying is that no matter what you do, I mean, we've seen this on Wall Street a million times. You set up these rules, someone will find Yeah. A way, a small crack, someone will say, Hey, wait a minute. No one ever said anything about mortgage backed securities. Bang. Yeah. Everybody's doing it.


And then the whole system collapses and we wonder, wait a minute, why did that guy who works on a garbage truck own nine properties? You know, what is going on? I once, you know, speaking of the SATI once challenged my assistant to the lsat. I thought, really fun. I got a tutor. Yeah. I went through that whole process. And the hilarious thing, of course about the true tutor was the first thing he said is, I had to learn to quote process without understanding which, what meaning, which I thought was hilarious because it's, it's a test designed to measure your aptitude for being a lawyer. And the test for being a lawyer can only be, you can only do well as if, if you learn how to process without understanding.


If my lawyer came to me and said, I processed your case without understanding it, I think I'd be a little bit alarmed. Yeah. But so that it was like, it sounds Like a good lawyer though. Yeah. And I have a lot to say about the Little Mermaid. That's not contract law. No, but It does. I was power. I had never 'cause in, you know, in Canada we don't have, I'm Canadian, we don't have standardized tests. So I, I knew nothing about these. I I moved to America after college. And, I. Hear people talk about the SAT And. it sounds like some kind of strange holy Right. You know that I Yeah, yeah. And I was so kind of curious that I, at a certain point in my life, I decided I had to do And I. I went And I, sat in that big room with hundreds of other people. I was the only person over the age of like 25.


And I, I ended up tying my assistant Oh, okay. Which I Thought was good. I, the money was on her. 'cause she's 24. And the, the general consensus around the office is I didn't stand a chance. 'cause I've obviously lost so many brain cells. Yeah. So was I, what was your Score? I don't remember. It was, it was not impressive. Basically I was headed, I was headed for a mediocre law school, which That's fine. Yeah. Someone's gotta be a mediocre. Well, here's the other thing too. I mean, I've said this to everybody I've ever encountered in this business, is that I've have had the privilege of working with so many talented, amazing, funny people who are great at what they do, and often I don't know where they went to college.


Yeah. Because the amount of pressure we put on that is insane. Yeah. And you talk a lot about resilience and people who are not from a monoculture, but people who are forced to be resilient. And the great benefits that, that has And I don't know. I just, I I'm always I thought you were gonna tell us your SAT score. I thought that's where you were Headed. I intentionally forgot my SAT score. I intentionally, if you could, I selected which brain cells I can forget. And I. Forgot those. No, I have your, I had that chapter, another chapter of the book where I read in the, I ran across a bunch of articles by these two sociologists, Anna Mueller and Seth Aberton.


And they were talking about a town they would only call Poplar Grove. And they had been working there studying it for years. And it was, they described it And I later figured out what they, where they, what, what town it was. And went there for myself and confirmed it. It's the perfect, it literally is the perfect community. If you went, if you went there, you would say it's like upper income on the water, credibly tight knit. It's Like Gilmore Girls or Something. It's like, but like, but, But Well, I'm sorry. Lights in the trees at night. And a I did not expect you to say Gilmore. My, my neuron misfired.


And you laughed. Those are some rich literary illusions that you're Yes, yes. That you're working with Conan. My Favorite Bronte novel is Gilmore Girls. No, no. So it's so Poplar Grove. Yes. You talk about How high School best. Yeah. You know, every amenity under the sun. And they had had a suicide epidemic at the high school for that had gone on way, way, way, way longer. And. it was incredibly heartbreaking. And these two, Mueller and Arbon sort of do all this analysis. And their conclusion is that one of the big problems with the town, the reason this has happened is that it was a high school that only had one culture. So it, you know it I'm sure your high schools too.


My high school, like a normal high school, it had like 10 different Yeah, Yeah. Cliques you could join, you know, the jocks and the nerds and the whatever. And the point of that is it's powerfully protective that any child coming into that high school, no matter how dysfunctional they may feel, can find a home. There was a place you could go if you were, you know, we called them stoners. But in my high school, which is rural Canada, that meant you smoke cigarettes. Yeah. Quaint. Yeah. But if you wanted to be a quote unquote stoner and smoke Marlborough lights, there was a place for you. Right. How'd you make it out of there? Yeah. No, no. Yeah, exactly. I, the, my high school was so tame in retrospect. I don't even know.


It's just, it's, it seems like a, a kind of fantasy that it even existed. Well, I Was, I, yeah. In the same way I went to a very large public high school. There were kids who weren't gonna go to college. Yeah. You know what I mean? Their dads worked for the town. There were kids whose parents were, you know, professionals who wanted to go to an Ivy League school. There were, I mean there was just this large swath of almost every kind of kid you could imagine. There was a, a something called school within a school where there are very artistic and kids that could have set their own schedule. And, but there was just, and then there was a large immigrant population we had Yeah. And this was the late seventies.


We had some students whose parents had fled Iran. Yeah. We had students who were from China. And so it was, it was great in that it sounds like the exact opposite Yes. Of this poplar grove. And the thing you understand is, yeah. So imagine what Poplar Grove is, is a city a a town at a high school where there's only one of those groups where every, every child is required to conform to the super sporty, socially successful on their way to Ivy League model. And so if you don't fit and work in that incredibly narrow description, there's nowhere for you to go. There's only one culture. And the, the, the, the epidemic they had was the, was the result of, was the consequences of that kind of narrowness And.


it made me, it's interesting 'cause it made me realize, you know, in all of our discussions about diversity, we sometimes make diverse achieving a diverse environment make it seem like it's medicine. Like it's the right thing to do, but it's hard. Eat your vegetables. But in fact, in this example, diversity is what makes a community resilient. It means that any problem that one group has isn't necessarily gonna spread to other groups. 'cause they're different. Right. They're And I just thought that was really, you know, and the idea that the parents of this town, this is the community they wanted for their kids, they moved there because it was perfect. They are the ones who supported the notion that we should have this incredibly strong, unified set of values about what it means to be a successful student at the school.


And then they were somehow baffled by the fact that everything went sideways. And, I, you know, this as a, coming back to my New Parenthood, this is what the only observation I will make about parenting is that this, the, this confusion between what we want and what our children need seems to be the principle. That's the principle conflict of, I always catch myself thinking, and I'll very confidently say to Kate, my partner, I'll say, you know, I think Ededie should do this. Right. And in fact, what I'm saying is, I would like to do this, and I'm using her as a kind of front right to You want a cigarette ededie, Edie, come on.


Go out and get a pack. Maybe like owner. But this was the worst. This was the kind of the, this was the biggest version of that problem that like, parents are just like, I, there's a, there's this woman I who wrote a book, a woman named Linda Flanagan wrote a book called Taking Back the Game, which is all about what's wrong with youth sports. And she's always, she was a coach for many years. It's a really brilliant book. And she has this moment when she talks about like possible fixes. And one of her fixes is that parents need to stop going to games. And it's the same idea that, that 'cause what happens, of course it's pleasurable for the parent to go to the game. There's no one's denying that. But the parent is confusing what's pleasurable for them and what's pleasurable for their kids.


Yeah. And the question is, does your child want you, they're really like deep down. And you know, by what we're doing when we show up for those games is we are, we are intruding on what should be this kind of, this time for kids to play with other kids without the scrutiny of, and the pressure that comes from parents watching. Like that's the perfect, you know, example of this. I, And, I made me wonder how many times do we, is this what, you know, I'm a young parent? Is this what parenting turns into this constant conflict? Look? Well you talked about this. I think we had a guest here the other day. I think it was Josh Brolin and we were talking about his upbringing.


And I was saying, what I would always say to my wife when the kids were little was remember it's important that they're bored because I think one of the things that's come along with super parenting in this age is that a child needs to be active, activated and engaged and entertained at all times. Yeah. And I, swear to God, I, you know, I'm one of six and there was a lot of, you know, I say this, a lot of benign neglect, meaning no one on my ass not being helicoptered just because my parents worked. There was a lot going on. What Number were you? Third? Oh, you right smack At the top. Yeah. And so I, I just remembered having a lot of time with my brain and it was nightmares, but I was, I was bored for the first eight years of my life, my And I would complain to my mother and she would say exactly that.


She would say, it's good for you to be bored. Yeah. And look at us here. Yeah. Here we are. Here We are having the greatest conversation. Well, I have to wrap this up because we've gone, you've solved it. Well, first of all, I think we've solved the engineering of humanity. Yeah. And you And I, if we've just put in charge, can fix everything. It's a testament to your book that I read it and it's got me thinking about 700 different things in different ways. And so thank you. That's, and that is, that is the power that you seem to have is just raising these issues. And, and also it's, it's, it goes back to that concept that I was talking about earlier, which is we can all be tricked, we can all be conned, we can all be manipulated.


It's really fascinating the more you think about it, I think the more you build up some sort of resilience towards it. Yeah. And a little bit of immunity where you can think, wait a minute, is this what I want? Or do I want this because this is the way everything has been engineered. Yeah. By somebody And. it probably has The I have a confession to make, which is that the entire time we've been talking, I've been, you have your notebook open. I've been trying to read upside down to, 'cause I wanna know like, were your notes when you made notes to yourself, were they different from the things where you're like, books terrible. Oh, okay. I can read it to you right now. Oh fuck. Gladwell's coming.


This is gonna be another shit show. Hair not up to Gladwell standards. He's probably gonna go after the Irish parentheses did last time. That's right. I think He seems to have a real thing. Let's hope he doesn't bring up Harvard. I love my time in the, on women's rugby. It was my only way in. Why the fuck has he got such a bone to pick with my favorite sport? That's where I met Tracy. I mean, I don't know. Hey, Tracy. Yeah. You shouldn't do that. You shouldn't Why do you leave it out like that? You're just Well, That's just my, it's distracting. Oh, I'm sorry. Look, I've got drawings. Oh, I see. Yeah. Yeah. I've got 1963.


That's the year I was born. That's the year I was born. I did a drawing of Senator Abe Ribicoff. Oh. Oh my God. That is what The fuck? What? I'm a strange man. I That is so fantastic. Ribicoff the senator from New York, New York State. Was he New York State Or is he, I wanna say he was Connecticut. He was the one that in 1968 convention. Why did I draw Senator Abe Ribicoff? Wait, Conan we're born in the same year. When's your birthday? April 18th. Okay. I was just checking to make sure we weren't, in fact, born in the very same day. We were born in the same hospital and switched at birth. That's why we both have crazy hair. Turns out You are the Jamaican against all off.


Yes. And you're a terrible alcoholic. Oh, Gladwell, I love talking to you. And clearly, I mean, this could go on for seven hours, but even podcasts have sped up and, but I do hope you'll come back. And I, hope you'll come back. Even if there isn't a book, if we can just chat. I, I love great. I I really enjoy it. I really enjoy it. And if the art of conversation is dead, I don't know what this was 'cause I really thoroughly had a great time As, as did I. Thank you, Conan. I will, next time I'll be nicer about the I feel I'm gonna say I I'm gonna, I'm gonna come up with something really. I'll think I'll spend the next couple years coming up with just the right word.


You know? You know what? I think you, I think you nailed it the first time. Yeah. Hey, thank you so much, sir. Thank you. Yeah. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes, incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Conn.


You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash Conan. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded.


When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from Idea to Medicine. Thanks to our intellectual property system or IP for short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip works wonders


No matter what happens to your phone this holiday, whether it crashes down the chimney or gets broken, like a New Year's resolution, Verizon's got you this Black Friday trade in any phone, any condition from one of our top brands. And get a wonderful new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on unlimited, ultimate, and iPad and Apple Watch Series 10. That's up to $2,000 in value. So you'll save big on three amazing Apple gifts. Hurry in to Verizon, this Black Friday service plan required iPad and Apple Watch up to $2,000 value based on iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch trade in and additional terms apply. See verizon com for details. Apple Intelligence available now.