
Hi, my name is Mike Lia, and I feel earnest about being Conan O'Brien's friend. Back to School Bell Friends. Hello and welcome to Colonel O'Brien. Needs a friend sitting here as always, with Sono of Sian, Matt Gorley. Hi. We have a wonderful team here. Works very hard. An inside source has told me that instead of doing his job, Eduardo's watching football.


Are you watching football right now? Oh shit, Eduardo. Whatcha watching? Eduardo, what are you, Eduardo? I thought you were Eduard boy. Eduardo, this whole time. Eduardo. Whatcha, are you watching? Nothing? No. What are you watching? We are, we are, we're about honesty here. Listen, We, we just listen, we just wrapped an interview Yeah. With a guest. And I respectfully waited until bass wrap. Why don't you just tell me what you're watching? I'm watching the semi-finals of the Champ UFA Champions League. Right now. It's, it's a game between Barcelona and Inter Inter Milad play. Excuse me. It's Barcelona. Barcelona and Inter Milad. Wow. Bla fuck you, man. Yeah. But, so listen, listen, listen. How dare you, Eduardo. How dare you? All I do is laude you for your professionalism.


I think you're the only professional one here. And then I find out that you're watching Barcelona play whos Inter Milan, and they just scored. Okay. Thank you Very much. Listen, lemme tell you something. You missed it. Yes. Oh, you missed it. Who are you rooting for? Barcelona. It's Barona Bar. God, I wish we should learn the language. It's Whitesplaining. Excuse me. I am Whitesplaining. I knew it. I to Eduardo. It's a new No terms. So, so you had the gall, you're in the presence of Conan O'Brien. We're making a, a seminal podcast. And you are watching football. You are on your fifth bit.


And I decided To just go get yourself. You gonna let him talk? You like that? Exactly. You're gonna let him talk. You are. You and I are both. Oh, look at this. We're all channeling the same scene. Good fellas. Good fellas. And spider, just disked, man. Of course. I would be Tommy. I'd be Tommy. Tommy. I'd be Tommy. And, and, and you're gonna let, you're gonna let him talk to you like that. You're gonna talk to like that. And now, of course You know where this goes. Yes. I start shooting away at you.


This is a rite of passage. 'cause this Exact scenario happened to me early on in the podcast as well, where I was spider. And now You gotta, it's a rite of passage, and now you have to be shot in the foot fair. Yeah. Then you come back later on with a bandage on your foot. And I kill you. Listen, I know I do a lot of bits and they seem like a waste of time to you. And I'm sure football, as you call it, I call it soccer here in the United States. It's more important to you. But You know what? You do such a good job. I think you should be allowed to watch football. Thank you. Thank you. I'm dokey. I'm gonna put something On my tv, YouTube on. But what would you, first of all, Eduardo Mad respect, thank you for, for your comeback and also for your devotion to the most popular sport in the world.


That's right. Or as I call it, the Mundo Sono. What would you be secretly watching if you were secretly watching While we were, we were doing the podcast. Love Is Blind. Okay. Is that a good show? I, I mean, I only really watch the first season. Really? It's harsh though, right? It's pretty intense because people say yes to somebody. Yeah. And then they see what they look like. Yeah. And they turn them down. Some of them do. Yeah. It just, You know, I mean, it's, you is love blind. Is it? That's a, wow. That's a profound question. And it's the, it's the title of the show. Yes. Yeah. Are we really down under what? Above deck? Below Deck. Oh, shit.


And what about you? What are you watching there? Oh, I'm just watching Casino Royale as we speak. Oh wow. That's the beginning. Yeah. This is when we are first introduced to Daniel Craig. Pretty good, huh? As Bond. And he killed it. Yeah, he did. He really killed it. Yeah. This is the great scene where he's chasing. Okay, so that's what you're watching the park Core scene. Yeah. Alright. Watch YouTube. You know what I'd be watching? Huh? Clipse of my show. Oh my God. Classic Conan. Oh my God. You guys would see me not really paying attention. And then you'd take my phone away from me. Oh, there's Conan, I'm talking to Al Roker in 2004. Not even a particularly good interview, but me going Look at him, he's Conan's got sideburns. That just kills me. That's great. Oh, what's he gonna say now?


Oh, look at him. He's only 32. Oh my God. Well, I listen, you're a maestro at what you do. Thank you. And I'm gonna turn this back around to a compliment. You're a maestro. And all, I think, I think what Blade did essentially was expose that you can do this job with one hand tied behind your back. Interesting. I'm still pissed. I'm sorry. Are you still, are you, I know you're legitimately angry at Blake. Yes. I think, I think that was a foul move. Well, you ratted him out. Well, listen, what did I do wrong? Now? Fans get to listen for the eventual get payback. That's right. The get back. And, and when's it gonna happen? How's it gonna happen? We don't know. But I thought We all had a tacit understanding that it's us against him. And when Blay, when you, you feed the beast like that and, and break the union, You know That also, can I say this?


Yeah. It's not only, it's not only that it's worse because he's not Even on your side And you just gave him No, but listen to me. Listen to me. It's worse because I check out the occasional Reddit thread. I know what the word is on the street. You do. Eduardo is one of the most respected people in this room. The rest of us can be fools and goons. Right. Eduardo has this MOUs voice. He knows what he's doing. He occasionally speaks. It's always good. He is the one in this room. Who is the adult? The cool one. You betrayed the Jesus in the room. Yeah. Or I'm sorry. The Jesus That makes you Judas.


That Makes you Judas. I'm The Judas. Judas. I'm the Juda. Well, I, You know what I think I, I just wanted people to understand Eduardo is more than just an engineer. He's a human being. And, and I wanted to show another facet Of You're going down, you're going down and it's Eduardo's coming for you. No. And it's gonna be, his retribution will be terrible. Like John Wick baby. Yeah. You just killed his Dog. You killed the puppy. You killed his puppy. Yeah. I think what awaits you bla is horrific. And I, I tremble just imagining being you. Oh my God. Eduardo's watching soccer and you're getting mad at Blake. Can you get mad at Eduardo? Please do Something. This the list.


Sona. What the fuck? Oh My gosh. He's tearing us apart. We can let this happen. Watching soccer. Sona, You're on the list. First of all, you of all Watch TV all the time. You gotta have Sona. How could you have not have sympathy for This Sona? Stop calling it soccer. It's football. Oh My God. You just said it's soccer because we're in America. It's football. And I'll tell you something else. Don't say it like that, Eduardo. That's how you say his name. Eduardo. SS meo. No. IO is Mi migo. He Pronouncing her name incorrectly. No, It was right. It is Edo, I thought. 'cause it's not No, it's perfect. No, perfect. You no perfecto. Perfecto. Eduardo is above reproach. And I feigned turning on Eduardo to trick the rest of you to expose what rats you really are.


Remember when the studio wasn't working properly? He fucked it up. Remember? Wow. Whatcha are you doing, doing whatcha are you doing? I want you to get mad at Eduardo. Why? I just want you to get mad at him. I is a sad Stick together. You guys broke. We gotta stick together. You Know, something broke. You know what I love Working? Nothing If we're not, You know, Remember the audio did, was working Union Strong? Who was here? Who's the guest? So, my God. Sona. It's called Lio. Oh, Jesus. Listen, I'm gonna say one thing, which is I want listeners to look at what just happened here. I was given some information by Blake, which I took, I turned against Eduardo, exposing him and embarrassing him. Then through a series of def maneuvers, tricked all of you into bickering with one another.


I'm saying that what now? And then I became Eduardo's Defender. His amigo. Yes. And the one who says, oh, football and not soccer. And so now I have emerged as the hero of the story. What? And you are the villain. Sona, as are you Blake. You're cool. You're cool. Fuck you. You're cool. Yes. Hey, I'm, I'm Matador. Yeah. Fuck You Blake. Turn against Blake. Very few movements. I'll Turn against Blake. Fuck Dammit. Oh, look what he's done to us. Look what he's done to us. This is, we have sad And Adam, you're being awfully quiet over there. I know you're sitting there quietly. Adam, Adam. And you're Adam. Deep down Adam, the real boss here. And Adam, are you watching folks deep down, You know I'm the maestro, don't you?


At manipulating the people around me so that I always come on top. A hundred percent. I'm just being quiet 'cause I'm letting this unfold. This is good content. Let you, and you're watching, you're watching the maestro conduct the orchestra. Yes. Loving. It's imp perfection. I'm loving it, man. Perfect. Perfect. You're a good guy too. Eduardo and, and Adam. You're the good guys in this room. And I'm gonna include this guy too. My guest today is a hilarious Comedian, writer, director, and actor who's latest special of The Good Life, is now available to stream on Netflix. Very excited. He's with us today. He is a fine fellow. Mike Lia. Welcome.


I do feel like we have maybe 110 different ways in which we intersect, in which we have commonality. Yes. I I I'm hard pressed to think of anyone else who I have more in common with. Who's not in my family than I have more in common with because you sir Mr. Mike Lia. Yeah. If that's even is your real name clearly one? It is. Of those stage names. Just to sound cool. You hail from where all my people come from. Yeah. Your people are from Worcester, Worcester, Worcester, Worcester, and Worcester, Massachusetts. And they all went to Holy Cross College or the Cross is, which Is where my dad went. Yep. And our parent, my dad is a retired doctor.


Your parents were doctors? Yep. Yep. I, no, my, my dad was a doctor. My mother was a lawyer, not a doctor. And so that's insulting. If you come in here and start, you Thought that was insulting. I just thought that was a basic misunderstanding. You're Right. I don't know why I went to insult. That's so weird. But I'm so mad at you right now. You're so sensitive since the Oscars. Yes. I'm, I feel like Yes. Yes. I get You didn't win. Yeah. I just wanna hold space for Matt and Sona today. 'cause I feel like you guys have really probably been through it with Conan Dego this year. You're not kidding. Yeah. Yeah. I was under the impression, oh God, that if you host the Oscars, you get an Oscar. And when the night was out, I was, I thought one of you had my Oscar.


Oh. Or David. And no one had it. And then they said, no, you don't get an Oscar for hosting the Oscars. And did you see the fucking fit? I threw backstage. Everybody Heard About it. I smashed stuff. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. You hit Ariana Grande in the face Oh, wow. With an Oscar. Wow. I tried to, but she's quick. I took a swing at Ariana Grande. She ducked, went under it, and she came back with two rabbit punches to the kidney really fast. And I just went down hard. Anyway, you got me distracted on my fight. Physical fight with Ariana Grande. We overlap in so many ways. Yeah, I Know. And let me begin by saying, you very kindly sent me your latest special, and I'm gonna start with this because I loved it.


And Oh, thanks. I love your work. And you did a one man show, and I'm gonna give it a quick shout out now. It'll also get its own special header. It's called The Good Life. And it's on Netflix. I will say that for my money. Nobody does tone, sustained tone in comedy as well as you, you create this beautiful tone that's very funny and then occasionally very meaningful. It's just a thing of beauty and you lay it out there. And for just tone alone, I, I think you might be the reigning champ. I'll say that. Wow. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. And I, I I, and you're hilarious. We've known each other a long time. But I was thinking about you, you're talking your special, and I've thought about this before and we've talked about the ways in which we are alike, but in this special, you're talking about all these things that I relate to a thousand percent.


Oh, interesting. Meaning we come from the same part of the world. Exactly. Yeah. Which is, I grew up in Brookline, Massachusetts, but my parents are both Worcester people. My my grandfather was a traffic cop in downtown Worcester. And you talk about growing up with a father who's a physician and how there's a lack of physical affection. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm like, you just went through this list of things that I was checking off. You're going through a traumatic thing with your father who you talk about. He has a stroke. This is tell, you're in the hands of a master when you're talking about something as powerful as a stroke and a lot of other heavy things.


And it's hilarious. Oh, thanks. It's really good. But I lost both my parents this year within days of each other, which always sounds like a murder or a motorcycle accident. Literally. My dad, my dad passed, and then three days later, my mom passed. And you talk about trying to wrap your head around your dad's mortality, but also growing up in a family where people aren't constantly saying, I love you. In fact, it's not said. And there isn't a lot of demonstrative physical affection. And then generationally how you and your wife, me and my wife, every conversation with my kids starts with I love you and them saying, I love you and ends with I love you and them saying, I love you.


Yeah. Sometimes in the middle of a conversation. Oh. And just so you remember, I love you and I mean, it's just too much. That's my point. Yeah. It's too much. I love you. It's too much. Oh, we're overdoing it. Yeah. Yeah. We should go back a couple of clicks towards our parents' generation. Yeah. But anyway, I was very touched by your special and I, I mean, it's funny, it'll be funny to anyone, but I remember thinking, I'm so glad Mike is coming in today. It is Mike, right? Mike. Oh, fuck. Yeah. I, he, I says Dennis Leary here months ago. It says Dennis Leary. I mean, it's fine. Well, he's also from Worcester. Yeah. Yeah. It just says Worcester Comic. Let's just go ahead and do it.


By the way, I Jesus Christ. No, no, but I you, you Put me on speak. Just put up with him. I am gonna stop talking now. But I, I emailed you the special, and partly because I know we have all those things in common. Like it's, it's an absurd amount of things in common. And then I said, please share this with elite members of your staff, including Matt Sona. And then I wrote the white stripes, and then I crossed out white stripes. Well, You know, it's also, And then, but then they didn't get it from you. No. From David. We didn't get that message. We Got the link, The message where He calls us Elite and then Elite who's announced this morning as being inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.


The white Stripes. The white stripes. Yeah. I didn't know that. So it's almost like you foretold the future. Yeah. And a quick shout out to the, to, to Jack and Meg for that. Amazing. Oh my God. Because Elite Is that your gatekeeping praise that came, came us. That's what, Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I don't know. I, and then I swear to God, every day I'm on my to do list is get rid of Matt and Sona and then I just don't get to it every day. Every day. It's on the list with like, more brown sugar. Well, granola's running low. The problem with denim, the problem with denim. You know, the problem with The problem with that list is that Sona probably goes over the list with you. I do. And then she's on that. Yeah. Yeah. And As being asked, And then she turns it into raise Forna. Yes. But never raise for Matt.


No. What's With that? Just, well, It's a lot of like, okay, make sure you put this on list. And I'm like, yeah, woo. But I'm not really, When you make that sound, when you write the list, it's a giveaway usually that you're not, it should be a giveaway B Also, you're miming holding the pad Here in the pen here, So that there's never written Boom boo boom, boom. That's how I do it. Excuse me. I think this should be about Mike Lia. And one thing that I, Wow. I don't think Matt was trying to make it not be about that. I don't like it when someone p prs on with their own voice and doesn't let the guest talk. Which reminds me of a story in 1967, I wanted a cat, and my parents took me to the Angel Memorial.


Oh, well that can wait, Mike, there is so much crazy stuff that you talk about that I can relate to. But here's something you talk about in the special, which I'm so glad you brought up, which is our visit. Our visit, yeah. Yeah. To the Pope. By the time this airs, the Pope will have been gone for quite a while. It will no longer be the top story in the news. But you talk about the Pope inviting a bunch of comedians, and we were among that elite squad Yes. Of comedians that were invited. And it was a, he spoke to us in Italian, and you talk about this in the special, what he said. And, and actually it was, it was quite beautiful. It was about comedy and comedy's place.


And I thought you did a very nice job. And it's very powerful now that your special's coming out because he is no longer with us. Yeah. And I, I was impressed with what he said to us. Yeah. He, he basically said comedy in these divisive times, comedy has the power to unite us. Yep. To bring people together. And when, when you make at least at one audience member laugh, God smiles also. Yeah. And I, and I I just thought it was Beautiful. You know, it's funny, he spoke to us in Italian, so it just sounded like a waiter was telling us our options. Oh my God. He actually said taglia at one point. But then I find that very offensive as an Italian American.


Should You, should, you should. That's how I meant it. That your No, but your, that your brain just goes to this sort of Italian food stereotypes. It's like, after all we've been through as immigrants in the early 20th century. Wait A minute, the Irish were immigrants too. Sona came here like six weeks ago. No, I mean, he's not bad seeing Irish people. Yeah, no, what I'm saying is, he said in his speech, oh, you want the meat bug? Remember that part? I'm sorry. Which part of this is offensive? Do you remember the part where he ended it with God, the, bless you. And did you want the meet buddy? Do you recall? No. You know, I don't remember that part of it.


Weird that I remember. No, no. I Faintly remember it. I faintly remember it. Yeah. No, but it was, I'm trying to make you complicit in my terrible riff. Did, did the, did the Pope, don't you remember? Did the, did the Pope Speak? Did these pope say anything to you? Mm. Well, they bring us up one by one. Yeah, that's right. In a line. True. And Yeah. True story. And we got a handshake. And, and by the Way, Chris, Chris Rock Conan Stephen Colbert. Yeah. David Sedaris. Yeah. And, and then the special, I point out, I know I'm at the bottom of the list. Not so, not so I didn't like that self-deprecating quip. And I'm not a fan of self-deprecating comedy. But it is really funny that the way both of us found out, just the way I think all of us found out, is that apparently the, the second person closest to God other than the Pope is Comedian Jim Gaffigan.


That's right. Because That's right. You say in your special that Jim Gaffigan, that You know, your, your, your mother said you were called by God. And he went, no, no. I actually got a call from Jim Gaffigan and I, my phone. He Was called by Stephen Colbert, who was Yeah. Who may have been called by gun, But I think it, but Gaffigan I think is like the go-to. He's in the mix. Vatican guy. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. I think Colbert wants to be the go-to Vatican guy. But I think interesting it might be, I think Gaffigan had performed, I wanna say he performed for The Pope. He opened, he opened for the Pope. He opened for the Pope in, In Pennsylvania. Years Ago. Yes. For real True story. Wait, really true story. Thought we were doing a bit. No, no. He came out. Came out and he opened for the Pope. But I actually, he fully, I've opened for the devil on the road.


Okay. You know what, six times, You know, I get so mad at myself when I Why? Because I Believed he opened for the Pope. No, did, did. Oh, he did. He he did open for the, We did, did a joke. So thought, You know, but my doesn't negate that truth. It does kind of help. It doesn't help. Help. Yeah. Ma I'm at the bow. Yes, yes. A bit. But now I'm saying earnestly. Earnestly. Okay. Okay. To you. Because Jim Gaffigan opened for the Pope. What? True story. No, that is a true story. And Jim Gaffigan is, I I what Was, Wait, was the Pope funny to follow Jim Gaffigan? Well, here's what I hear back. Is it the Pope that Gaffigan was killing and the Pope was like, get him off stage. Get Get him off.


He's going long. He's going. I said seven minutes. I gave him little light. I have a bit about a Hot Pockets. Yeah. Oh no. He stepped on my Hot pocket joke. Cut the light, cut the Hot Pockets. What's insider as a meat ball? Anyway, I started this. He Just, by the way, he just died. The Pope. I know you're Mocking, but You know what, you're Mocking the Pope with an Italian stereotypical voice. He literally just died. His body's still warm. No, it's not Warm anymore. Argentina. He's not on a frying. They Don't have the, it's so fresh. He's not on a Argentina. He's Conan respectfully. No, I'm saying he doesn't have one of those french fry lights on him. He's Not Argentinian.


He Was born. Yes. He's, he is. Did, did the Pope say anything to you when you walked up to him? 'cause we had a moment with him. Did he say anything? Because he said something to me. All he said to me is, who's up B Big Leah? And I'm like, He does. It's like a one man show. It's very good. And he said, I don have time. No, I don't. I just, he did not say something to me. We had an exchange. I just said, thank you so much, your holiness for having me. And, and this is an honor. And I shook hands. And I got the impression that it was an assembly line that they were cranking through us. What did he say to you? It Wasn't for me. For me it was, You know, it was, it was pretty intense. What happen, what leaned in spoken into my ear. And he goes, you are Jesus.


And now he's dead. And so nobody can substantiate this, but it's like, I don't know. Well, I'm sure You know what the whole thing's on tape. Yeah, I guess I thought maybe he said, lemme tell you something. These other guys are fuckers. But you, You really, He Was like, what This impression, he was like, I feel like Theano. Maybe I'm a Leno guy. He went away and He come back just like Jesus. When he came back in the 10 o'clock slot, I thought, is anybody even watching this? It was, I have to tell you. Oh my God. What happened to you? Listen, first of all, can I say something? I was so mad at First, But can I say, so Sona, you are correcting two people for their pope impression.


The only two people in the room who met and spoke to the Pope. Oh yeah. Okay. We are doing an exact, this is Replic of what he sounded though. No. Okay. Okay. Sorry. We're professionals. Yeah. Jesus Christ. This Is how the, the Pope, He's not even Italian. So that's the thing that's really surprising. No, he spoke Italian. Okay. But He had an Italian accent when he spoke English. You know what he actually does? The voice of It's a Meia Mario. He does. That's him. That's very, in fairness, In the special, I'm guilty of saying yippy. He, of of saying, who's that? I'm a make, I'm gonna make a pizza on the Eucharist. Which I'm sure if my dad ever sees a special, he will not like.


Anyway, I'm glad we, I'm glad we, we, we took care of the Pope. I think old. We took care of the Pope. But it was a lovely experience to be there. And it wasn't just American comedians. We were a small contingent. It was comedians from all around the world, from all around The world. And then I met, I, I met Liza, your wife. I met your son. And then I had a question, which is, 'cause You know, the special's all about what, what can I teach my daughter? And what have I learned from my dad? Yep. And so my question for you is, you, your son is great. Yeah. What'd you do? Right? What do you think you did? Right? Well, I, I will give all joking aside, not all joking. I'm sure I'll get back around to it. But my wife is, and, and you will back me up on the sun.


Yeah. 'cause you've known her for a long time. But everyone here, the, she is a lovely person, a great soul. And she was and is such an amazing mom. I, I think I'm a, a good dad, but I think she is a the stellar parent. Yeah. You know what I mean? And so I give her a lot of credit. But I also think you talk about this, which I think is really nice. 'cause I, I can't stress enough, especially this very funny. But then there are these just great nuggets in there that, that verbal up of wisdom and thoughtfulness.


And you talk a lot about just modeling good behavior Yeah. That kids pick up on everything. And, and your kids have watched you and your wife be decent people. Yeah. And I don't think, I don't think there's any replacement for that. Yeah. Do You know what I mean? Yeah. I'm, my kids have seen me be inept, clumsy. They've seen me make an ass of myself in different ways. They're continually shocked that I seem to have made something of myself in the world. But I, I don't think they've seen a lot of bad behavior Yeah. From me and I, I, I, and look Matt Sona, you guys have kids, I think that is 90% is monkey c monkey.


Do kids look at their Yeah. Parents. And you talk about it in your special that you've, you've, you've kind of tried to just be nice, good people, right? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, 'cause yeah. When I was a kid, You know, I, I, I, I joke in especially, but it's true. When I was a kid, my dad was a doctor and his free time, he got his law degree. And I go, that's how much he didn't want to be a dad. He's like, what can I do in these slots of time when I would be parenting? Yep. Yep. In fairness, we weren't great kids. We always wanted a dad, but, and he wanted another secondary degree. Our goals were at odds.


But yeah, that was one of the things about being a kid is like, my dad was very, You know, serious about his job. And then he would, every now and then, he would just shout. He's just very old school. And I feel like I've, yep. I've always grappled with that. I've always been like, I've always thought, if I'm ever a parent and I'm now a parent, I'm just never gonna do that. Yep. I just, but, and it wasn't just my dad. I mean, I, in Massachusetts, I'm sure you saw this all the time. The parents were wild. Well, I, I recognized this part too, which is my dad. Incredibly sweet. And, You know, when we, You know, were kids, he had a temper and he would uncork sometimes.


And it was, You know, it, it, I think it was a kind of generational, like my dad, a again, you talked and you're special about, I I you said your dad didn't, instead of being sent off to fight in Vietnam, because he was in medicine, they sent him to Texas. Yeah. To be on a base. To be on a base. That the exact same thing happened to my dad. Oh, no kidding. In the Korean War. Oh, no kidding. So he was sent to Texas and he didn't really do anything that had anything to do with the military. So when my dad passed, we read in the instructions that he had left that when he and my mom died, that the instructions were like, You know, he wanted like the full military honors at the Oh wow.


At the funeral, which he's entitled to. Yeah. And so I gave the eulogy from my dad. My brother Luke gave the eulogy from my mom. 'cause it was a double funeral. And I said, first of all, let's get something straight. 'cause there's like a big flag on his coffin. And was, You know, and with, and I just said my dad was in the army the way Captain Crunch was in the Navy. And, and God, the thing, the reason I felt okay with about it is I think that would've really made my dad laugh. Yeah. Yeah. And when my dad laughed, he grabbed his shoulders. And because there was, so, you don't wanna express too much. It's not just too much emotion. Also joy, everything's kind of bottled up Yeah.


In this, in this Catholic way. Oh yeah. And, and so it would, he would uncork sometimes get angry and frustrated. And I remember thinking, it's just generational. I'm sure he had witnessed that with his parents. I don't want my, I just don't ever wanna be that dad. I didn't wanna be angry, dad. Me neither. So I think, So one time I said to my daughter, I go, so my, I go, when my dad, she goes, she, one, one day I was emotional about something. Like, I was like, I don't know if we should do blah, blah. And then my daughter goes, dad, why are you yelling? I go, oh, this isn't yelling.


I know what, what yelling Is. And I go, I go, just so You know, when I was a kid, my dad, You know, and, and I'm, I, and I literally said to her, I'm gonna shout right now. This isn't me shouting, I'm doing an impression of my dad. He would go Where my goddamn keys. And she was like, oh my God. And she was like, You know, she was like, he's not, he's not shouting like that now. And I'm like, you're stealing my jokes. Yeah. That's straight out of the special. Yes. She's really got it. For my dad in the famous Laura is, there's a special spoon that has a serrated edge for eating grapefruit. Oh really? Yeah. It's a grapefruit spoon. You know, it has a little C dish. Oh yeah. I think I know that one. You can.


And there was one in our house, and my dad liked to use it to eat his grapefruit in the morning. And one morning he couldn't find his grapefruit spoon. And God just listen to the guy narrate the explosion of the hindenberg. It's a little similar. And so we just clock things and we clock things where we say like, I love my dad. My dad was an amazing person. I'm gonna, I'm, I, I am gonna try to not do that part. But it's interesting 'cause it, no matter what you do as a parent, I feel like what I've discovered is it doesn't mean you're better as a parent than your parents were to you. Right. You're just ultimately different because like, I, because You know, I was raised very Catholic, et cetera.


And, and so, You know, we don't really do a lot of the Catholic stuff. And then we're in the Vatican and Una's, my daughter's looking around and she goes, dad, who's Jesus? And I was like, oh wow. I have really overlooked a lot of major historical facts in my education of my daughter. And even just for pop Culture. No, Really? Yeah. And I mean, she's, she knows the Greek gods and the Roman gods and, and the, she knows the band Jesus and Mary change. Jesus chose, But, but I was like, oh, it's interesting because that is something that I, since going to the Pope, I have started telling her more about what Jesus taught. Yes. Which is, I think is generally net positive with, with some caveats.


I think we can all agree that the core, not just of Christianity, but the core teachings of many religions. They have this commonality, this beautiful, all in their own different way. But the core tenets of, of many religions are fantastic. Absolutely. Just about treating how you should treat other people. Humility. There are, and then we of course, over the centuries have added all of this glop to it. Yes. And it's turned into, You know, megachurches and virtue signaling and insanity. But if you just go to the basic tenants, they're very beautiful.


Yes. And, and, And, and, and Pope Francis seemed to embody Yes. A lot of the best aspects Yeah. Of Christianity and Catholicism. I remember, and this is a funny thing to seize on, but he was a very humble man, Pope Francis. And when he came into the room, I dunno if you noticed this, did you notice his shoes? He was wearing like worn kind of walking earth shoe. Like, like mephisto kind of. Oh yeah. They were just very, they were, they were shoes that you would pick up at a very inexpensive store. Like A ham or Something. Yeah. Something like that. They were just very basic kinda worn shoes that a guy would wear on a bus, or the guy who's driving the bus.


And I remembered thinking there's, there was no sense of the pomp and the gold and the rings. And I thought that was impressive. Yeah. I mean he had that one ring, the po the papal ring. Well, and he and he won that NBA championship. Yeah. For the MAs. Yes. Mavericks. Well, I said, I made the mistake of saying Mavericks. And he said, who's this Mav? They say, call it the Mavs. Remember that? Oh yeah. You said meatball. We Beat the nuggets in the finals. They went into overtime. Now I'm doing New York. New York. What's happening? New York, Pope. I'm gonna, what we're gonna do is edit out all of my stuff where the pope is speaking in an offensive Italian and just keep yours in.


And then we're gonna post tape me saying things like, please stop, Mike, please. Yeah. The man is gone. Yeah. I wanna Know about these notes. Okay. Yeah. You have notes here. I need to know what the notes Are doing. I told him, I, the two people I've seen in my career who had the most notes when they came out were Gary Sling and Joan Rivers. Oh, Joan Rivers had a lot of notes. And I recently ran into Melissa Rivers and I said, I remembered your mom. And every time she came on my show, she was backstage with tons of, and she filled in for me notes. Notes. She said, mom, Bel literally believed in preparing. So you have brought your notes with you. Well, I Just, well, I, I just had a couple questions for you guys.


Okay. Because I talk about it in the special, did you guys have a sex talk growing up? No, I did not. No. I Did. Ugh. But I gave it to my dad. What, what was it? I want to gimme some sex is what you said, Dad. You're gonna, you're gonna want to be with a woman. No, he just gave me the most uncomfortable Right. Before dropping me off to high school. Like, okay, you're gonna wanna try drugs and have sex and just be safe. And don't overdo either of them. Have a great day. Wow. That's, it was Great. That's not bad advice. Pretty Good. It was really good. And for that reason, I didn't do either for a long time, But, and I've been accused of overdoing sex.


I don't know what that means. What, yeah. Overdue. You overdid it. What? I didn't have a sex dog growing up, but when I was probably around 20, I was living with my girlfriend for a summer and then my dad And she had the talk with You We're gonna Do something soon. My dad Was very, it's Gonna be scary. My dad was very upset about it. And he just sort of like, before I left, he looked at me for a little bit and he goes, you're playing with fire. Oh. Oh my God. And that, that was the whole conversation. That was your sex talk. Yeah. And I was like, I got a hose. You know what I mean? I don't know. Oh, That's the don't involve the, I did not get a sex talk and I'm, I'm waiting for it.


I'm still waiting. Still waiting. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, this is the thing I'll say. I take the, the, the Conan O'Brien needs a friend podcast premise, I think much more seriously than the other guests. Last time I demanded to have a real friendship with Conan. Yeah. Since then we visited the Pope. Yep. And we had coffee in Brooklyn. We did. Oh. There were two definitive dates. And I am coming on your podcast. You're coming on podcast when I get my podcast ass to New York. Yep. And I feel badly 'cause we walked in and your assistant was here who works with you on the podcast. Yep. And she has an antiquated name. Mabel. Mabel. Mabel Lewis.


Yeah. It's not a name you hear all but Mabel you don't hear Mabel a lot. And She, she's gonna, she's gonna love that. But I, I She Has an antiquated name. Yeah. My God. No. And she was wearing a bonnet. She was Wearing a bonnet. She was wearing a bonnet. She came, she was A horse. She came on in a horse, horse, horse drawn carriage. And I, but she was in the podcast room when I walked in. This very nice young woman wearing a bonnet and she was working a loom when I came in. It was a Loom. Yeah. She Had An antiquated name. Said Conan. I mean, that's the context. I know, I know. She seems lovely. And she's going, I'll be seeing her at the podcast. Yes. Where, and I yelled at her for even daring to be in here mock yelled at her.


And I, I said, we need for symmetry. She needs to scream at me when I come to your podcast. But I, I want to move my friendship with Conan to a quarterly Oh, this year? Yeah. You mean right now? We did two, We did two meetings in the last year and a half. Let's See, You know what I'm gonna do? I'm going to be, I think I'm gonna be in New York in June. And that's, that's when this is, it drops. That's when this drops. It's drops, right? Yeah, sure. Okay. Yeah. I think we should get together in June. Yeah. And I'll either do your podcast or we'll meet up for more than coffee. What's more than coffee? A lunch? I think. A lunch? Yeah. Okay. Not a dinner. I won't do a dinner with you. Okay. Fair. Next year, We'll see. So we went to, we went to Italy.


My daughter was there. Your son was there. And so my daughter met Conan, of course. Just thinks he's another person going to the Vatican. Yeah. Doesn't Just this tall, tall man going to the Vatican also. And then we show when the Oscars come on, we show over the Oscars like that. Remember him Conan from the Vatican. So that How old is your daughter? She's 44. She's 44 years old. Yeah. No, she's, she just turned 10. But we showed, showed her the Oscars and, and we laughed at the, at the Adam Sandler bit a lot. It's like really silly. Him wearing a sweat hooded sweatshirt. And the next day I drove her to school and I was wearing a hooded sweatshirt.


And she goes, you look like Adam. And I go, Adam, who? And she goes, Adam, from the Oscars. I think that's the only time he's ever been referred to as Adam from the Oscars. Yes. Yes. That's, You know, what you said in your special, and that's cute. I, which was sweet, was that whenever you're out in the real world and someone comes up to you and says, I love your comedy, you had this great line about your kid's response. Yeah. Yeah. I go, well, I said to her, 'cause I was like thinking, I was like, that's so weird for her. Probably. Someone's like, oh, you're a great Comedian. And I, I walked a few blocks.


I go, oh no, what do you think when people say stuff like that? And she goes, it's a waste of my time. I was like, that's the meanest thing anyone's ever said to me. Oh God. And I know Bill Burr. Yeah. Oh God, no. It, it's, that killed me. It's really funny. My kids have a great healthy disinterest for my shenanigans professionally. And I think way deep down, they're proud of my, if I do some good work, but mostly again, a waste of their time. Yeah. Yeah. And, and I remembered walking through the street once down the street and when I was with my daughter. And Do you ever, I, I reuse some lines and what I get a lot is you're much taller in person.


Sure. I get that all the time. And so I just learned, the thing that always works is people be like, Hey, you're much taller than you are on tv. And I say, and you're a much taller person than you are on tv. And I'll say, well, you need a bigger tv. And it always works. It just works. I'll say, you need a six foot four television. They're like, ha ha ha. And we're done. I, I did that and my daughter shot me a look, this is a bunch of years ago. She shot me a look and she said, you've done that one before. Oh. And I said, you want an original line for every human? I mean, and she kind of gave me a look like Yeah, Yeah. You Can't reuse material. Yeah. I'm like, you can when you're walking around a mall. You know, what are you talking about?


We really got into it and I started screaming at it, which I promised I'd never do. I said, I'd never be that dad. But that's, that's what we got into it. When you hosted the Oscars, I texted you. I go, Conan, you showed us how it's done. All of us comedians are diligently taking notes. Do you have advice? I was just about to film my special and Conan wrote back and it was very sweet. He wrote, thanks tons of prep. But I ended up having fun out there. I guess that's the only lesson. Yeah. And I think that, I think that's true. And I think that that, that the special is I think the most fun that I've ever had. Really on stage in, in one of the film specials, There is something contagious about people having fun. Yeah.


It's with this special is really specific, what the preparation was. It was 70 cities over two years. So I toured and I, every city was different, You know, keep making tweaks, keep making tweaks. And then my director, Seth Barish, who's directed like all six of my last specials, he has a theater company called The Barrow Group. And we would have these impromptu like rehearsals for whoever was around. It would be like 10 people in, in like a, a room. And I would just go, this is the story. And that it wouldn't be like standup, it wouldn't be like people bought a ticket and I would just do, You know, the special you guys saw. Like I would just perform it and you'd see which parts just don't ring true.


Yeah. Because you Take away the inertia of like a thousand people in a room going, yay. And it's just like me telling you a story. It starts to be like, oh, okay, well that part's a little bullshit. And this part really feels like something That's the part of it that speaks to something I don't understand. There's a almost mystical quality to some of this mass communication or whatever we want to call it. But it's specifically comedy where, and I mean, and, and the same thing is true in music, where you can try and over and over and over and over again to get them to like the thing that they don't like or that they don't respond to. And you can keep tweaking it and working it.


But when you find those real things Yeah. Those nuggets, they just have a palpable weight. Yeah. They have a, they're they're, and sometimes you just find them conversationally with your friends or out in the world you find something you're like, oh, this is, You know, this is great. This is, I I there's something about this Yeah. Phrase or this story with this. Yeah. You know, and it's funny 'cause we started this and I asked you off mic, 'cause you talk a lot about your dad having this, Having a stroke. Yeah. Having A stroke. And it sounds, You know, like it was a pretty serious neurological event. And this is another thing I can relate to because your dad's a doctor.


He starts to try and take control. It's unbelievable of his own care. And I, I watched your special and I've went right to my dad 20 years ago having, being diagnosed with colon cancer. And they go in and they, they do the major surgery, not orthoscopic, but they go in and they do the major abdominal incision and take out a section of his intestine and sew him back up again. And he wakes up after the operation and there are these tubes going in and they're basically anesthesia to block the nerve so that he doesn't feel the pain. And he looked at them and he said, what is this? And they said, well this is to keep you from feeling the agony of this abdominal surgery.


And he said, it will slow recovery, take it out. And they said, no, no, no. We just cut through you. Oh God. With a buzz saw and took out. And my dad said, take it out. And they took it out. I flew home 'cause I was in Los Angeles. I flew home to see my dad thinking. And I said, I'll stop off at my parents' house first in Brookline and drop off my stuff and go right to the hospital to visit my dad. And this is like that day after the operation I arrived. 'cause I had to, I wasn't, I would've been in New York. So I would, I flew in, had to do a show, flew in. I don't have a key to the house. I ring the doorbell, the door opens. It's my dad opening the door. No. Yes.


He had had his like intestine removed the day before. Oh my Gosh. And he's standing there white as a sheet. And he was like, it is Good To see you. Oh My gosh. And I can tell he's basically been gutted like a fish. But he knew that you can recover quickly with no anesthesia or a little bit longer and feel some and feel comfort. God. And he did that. And that's when I thought, there's so much in your special where I thought Yep. I can check that box too. Yeah. There's so much I can check off. It's such a strange thing watching a neurologist, my dad as a neurologist being treated by a neurologist and they're essentially conferring with each other.


Yes. About what, what has happened. And then Your dad gave the doctor a bill. Yeah. Yeah. Here's my bill and here's my bill. We'll go Dutch. There. There was a point, there was a point where, where and when he was at the hospital early on where, where he, he, my brother Joe said to me, he goes, I went to see dad today and he said, in the middle of the night, they took me downstairs and I got hit by a truck. And I was like, dad, it's worse than that. You know what I mean? Yes, Yes, yes.


He's like, it's oddly like yeah. It's, it's a, it's a shocking experience what he is been through And and how's his recovery going? His recovery's. Okay. I mean, a few weeks ago he had pneumonia and the flu at the same time. Oh Yeah. Yeah. And it just becomes, I mean the, the, the special, I mean the special has been an interesting process for me because I wasn't planning on writing about it. I started writing about what can I teach my daughter? And then a year into writing that show my dad has a stroke. And so then I'm like, okay, what do, what can I teach my daughter? What have I learned from my dad? And in the process of it, I feel like I've learned to empathize with my dad in this way that I don't think I did.


I did when I was younger. Yeah. I think I just viewed him as larger than life. Yep. Yep. And not quite as a person. Yep. And, and I think it's been very healthy and healing. You Know what helped me a lot is when my daughter was born and then two years later my son was born. And I remember telling my wife, no matter what we do, they're going to to go to a therapist and have complaints Yeah. Or issues because that's just how it is. And if you accept that upfront and you're not defensive about it, we're all doing the best we can. Yes. And that includes our parents. That's right. And their parents we're all doing well. That's not true. There are parents that are not doing the best they can, but most people are doing the best they can.


Yeah. And that's what we are doing. We're doing the best we can. Yeah. I haven't seen my kids in years. Yeah. But my manager and my agent tell me they are prospering. I spoke with your publicist about the modeling that your children are, are doing. Yes. I got them into modeling. I know You're getting the checks from it. Well, they say that once they turned 18 they're supposed to get the money. Yeah. But I'm fighting that, and this is reminding me of this crazy riff I did With Fran, with Bob Newhart who passed about, I wanna say a year and a half ago. But he, we were doing some, I might have been doing, he did a podcast for a while and I, I don know if I was talking to him, but we got on this crazy riff about doing stuff for charities and we both started doing this thing about how Yeah.


And then when it, when it's sick kids and then you're supposed to give them the money. And it was so great 'cause Bob Newhart, who's, You know, a saint and what, but he was so dry and he was like, oh, I know. Tell me about it. And You know, but, and we were both doing this fake riff about how we were trying to hide the money for the children's hospital. And I, that's what I love is the, is that when you can go that dark with people who are Oh yeah. At that point he would've been 94 and he can go that dark and wants to go that dark. Oh yeah. And you realize, oh, this is just universal. We're all terrible people. No. And this show is definitely the darkest of my specials.


Yeah. Just by the subject matter. Yeah. Yeah. You know, and it's like, it's been an interesting thing because like I, there's that joke where I say my dad had a stroke and it's been devastating, but I will say it has calmed him down. You know, We have a lot of lines like that that get big laughs but if you, you're also touching a third rail, which is the whole point, You know? Right. But it's interesting 'cause you just, when people laugh at that and, and, and You know, there was a point at which it, early in the development, I was like, oh, that's a little tense. And then I was, I would say to the audience, I go, You know, a lot of the jokes tonight are for me. Yeah. Some, most of 'em for you, but a few are for me, this is a coping mechanism and I hope it is for you too.


Yeah. And I think that that's the thing I've realized in the process of writing this show is that like, comedy for all of us is a coping mechanism. Oh god. Yeah. Of some kind. Oh, it's a total defense. Yeah. Mechanism, coping mechanism. I've often said, I just as a very young child, went through my checklist of, You know, I know everyone's given certain superpowers. What are mine? And I went through nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope. And then I got, You know, oh, I can, my friends think I'm funny. We're gonna double and triple down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's not gonna be an athletic scholarship. Well, the the pro the, the show, The Good Life is on Netflix. It's your six special overall, but your fourth on Netflix, they probably don't want you to acknowledge anything that wasn't on Netflix.


True, true. So, and I believe that's either out now or out any day. Yeah. It's out. Oh, it's out. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. It's available everywhere. Watch it because you do beautiful work, Mike. You really do. And there's this, a bunch of these young comedians who come from a generation or two before me who I really adore you and Malaney and I mean, the list goes on and on and on. But just that, that do really great work. And I watch you guys and it makes me happy. It makes me happy. Like, oh, comedy is in very good hands. It's time for me to die. Mike and Mike Bigley needs a friend.


There we go. So there we go. We have agreed that you will slide right in. It's official. It's official. Yeah. Starting now. Yeah. Now wait a minute. What? What? Oh, okay. We can do it. Okay. Gimme a couple of months to get my affairs in order. But congratulations on another amazing show and thank you for making it, it really made me feel very connected to you. Aw. And, and also really laugh. This is good medicine for all. And now quick disclaimer. Pope Francis did not speak with that Italian accent. Conan obrien disrespect my grave. I'm up in the heaven now and I have to listen to this.


All right, Mike, thank you very much. This is such an honor, My favorite podcast. And I, I just appreciate You guys having me on so much. I'll see you soon. I'll see you. Yeah. See you in New York. A couple weeks. Yep. All right. We do have to address something, which is before the interview officially began with Mike Brelia, we start yapping and we always do this. Yeah. Because, and then we don't record on that, or we don't usually air that because we start with a, hi, my name is blank and I feel blank. And, but we thought we should stop doing that. We should just start playing this stuff.


'cause it was, it was a good area. Yeah. We had, we had some fun. And it was before the official start of the podcast, so we were just chatting. Sometimes I will take those things and splice them in the interview, but funnily enough, this one was so crazy energy that when you guys actually started the podcast, you both got really sober and somber. I know. And they would never cut together. I know. That's the thing is I came in hot. Yes. I come in hot sometimes. And you were actually worried. 'cause my energy was very high in a good, I mean, I was in a great mood. Yeah. I love Mike Birbiglia. I'm happy to be here. Nice to see you guys. I'm kind of jazzed. And then I have the biggest cup of coffee in the world. I know. And you were worried like he's gonna go up from here.


Yeah. So I think maybe I came in hot. Yeah. Bia or as I call him B Biggs. Mm. Which doesn't really work as a nickname. No, I didn't hear you call him that once. Never did. I just thought of it right now. Isn't It? I think that's his Instagram handle, isn't it? B Biggs? Yeah. Oh, is it, Is it? Yeah. I think it is. Oh, it's terrible. I'd be, I'd go with Bur biggie. Yeah. If I was him, I, I'd say Eroni. I'd Go Bibi Notorious. B-I-R-B-I-G. But what was it we were talking about? Because I can't remember Now. We were talking about how Birbiglia is offering that when you die. Yeah. He will do micro bigley and needs a friend and take Sona and I on. Yes, yes. Yeah, he will. Which brings up a very good point.


We don't have a succession plan. Yeah. And we need one. We do. I mean, I don't know when this drops, but we've just lost the Pope. And that's a whole process they go through for finding someone conve. It's usually a conclave. Yeah. I don't know if there would be a conclave to find who takes over this podcast? Should something happen to me? Who Would be in, well, these three would be in it. Yeah. Play Eduardo and Adam would be Eduardo and Adam would be In it. We're Cardinals for Sure, guys. Or are we in the running? I don't wanna, I'm removing myself. I don I don't think you guys wanna host it. No, You Lemme just tell you something. Host. It's a very high pressure position. Is it? And I think you guys get to go like, what, what's he talking about?


Eye roll. And then you get the check and it's all nice to be the tent pole to be the one who's in the F 16 piloting it. Oh, You think that's what you're doing Anyway, Sony? He's right. So we should just co-host. Okay. Yeah, we could just do that. So, so Who would, who should it be? Will it be Bri Biggle who will take over this podcast? I think he's a, a strong contender. Who else would it be? Who else would we think would be have the, I mean, very few people. And this sounds like a, I'm thinking it's not even a humble brag, it's just a brag. Oh. But who else would have my combination of skills? Oh wow. This is A really read off of a paper. That's so much work. I Know. Somebody just tears out page from a 1978 yellow page.


Let's get this plumber. Oh no. What do I do? Someone gives me the research and then I gotta ask questions Occasionally, gotta Doodle while, while I'm talking to people. How hard question. Yeah. My job is so hard Guys. I know. It looks to you like I just come in here and babble like a chimp. Yes, it does. And then somehow it's come together. Yeah. But no, that's not what I do. Oh. I spend hours preparing my body. Oh. There's a whole regimen of various tubs filled with different oils at a different temperature. There's a whole thing that happens. Oh my God. So you get deep fried Various oils. No, I think we should, you guys should be thinking about it. Adam, you should be thinking about who would step in.


You're the podcast whisperer here. You're the one that thought I should do a podcast and started this insanity. I, As we're talking about it now, I'm actually thinking that I have been a little derelict in my duties because I should have a, You know, all the, like, big companies are talking about, what's the Disney succession plan everyone needs to have when their leader is aging? Everyone needs to have Wait a minute, Succession plan a minute, Adam a minute. It's My responsibility to, to come up with, I I was certain, I was certain we were talking about either an accident or me deciding to retire to my, my, my pony farm upstate. And What do you mean it is aging? How about has aged?


You know, What about has aged back? I think it's legitimate. I'm gonna overlook the way you said it, but I do think Yeah. And it is, it should, it should be my responsibility. And I think Bur Bigley is a great candidate, although I'll say this, every special he has is about his medical ailments. That's interesting. Today we found out that he was born without bones. Yeah. He has no bones. He uses coat hangers that are strapped to the outside of his body. Remains Not, he doesn't have much time left either. I would worry about Birbiglia's Health because every special he does is about, oh, and by the way, I have another condition where my gums are growing into my heart. You know? So would you, well, here's the thing though. I think you should be grooming your successes.


I Don't like the word grooming anymore. It's got, it's got some bad connotations. This training, this brings up the training. This question, is this like a democracy or a conclave? Or do you get to appoint a successor? Like a, it seems like the autocrat would be the way You want to go. Well, this is, and and Sona, you had suggested maybe this, it's more like succession. I'm Yeah, yeah. Logan Roy, you're Logan. You're definitely a Kendall. Yeah. Excuse me. He's, he's Kendall. He's very, you're a very Kendall. You're Very kindest. Right. And yeah, it's, And you of course, you're not a Roman course. You're shiv. Yeah, I'm shiv. I'm shiv. Yeah, but you're, you don't think you're a, you're a Tom. Oh. And You know you're a tom. You know what bla bla is the guy who's the guy who is out in Montana. You know Connor? Yeah. Bla is Connor.


Yeah. I'm more a Tom than a Kendall. Bla, you're A Tom bla thinks he's gonna run for president and no one takes him seriously. And I see myself as more of a Greg. That's true. But little, Little Bumbly smarmy. You know what, you are more of a Greg than a Connor. Yeah. And Eduardo's. Just Eduardo. Yeah. I mean, you're, you can't, you're not, there's no way to make these someone else I take, there's no Latinos on succession. Yo snap. Well, he's, he's like A Matson. He's more of a Matson cool guy, right? No, I think he is. Oh God. Jerry, he's Jerry. If I get the same paycheck sure as me. Sign me. Yeah. There's not a lot of money on this. I mean, there was at one point. Anyway, we don't have any more time to play the clip.


Well, yeah, this is, yeah. Play the clip. This is like, play the clip. Play the clip. This like, Like succession though. If nobody wanted your job though, like, it's like she's not gonna get It. And in succession, the company was very sought after and powerful. This is very different with Right. This is people saying, I don't want that. I I'm gonna work at a shoe store instead. All right. Play the clip. Okay, here we go. Oh man. Oh man. Have we got a lot to talk about? This is one of those ones where I wanna get right into it because we have so much to talk about. Yeah, I know. There's a lot. You and your special will not come up. Okay. Got It. You understand? No, About me.


Lemme just write Kind of what I've got Going on. No promotions, no Promot and promotions. No motions of projects. Have you met the, well we'll do, this is so, so Sono, sono, sono, Sona Sono. No. And Mark. Mark, Sono, Sono and Mark. Just like Keep him on his toes. Listen, I came in a little hot. I apologize. I saw someone who shouldn't be here. Yep, yep. And it infuriated me and No, I get it. You know what I mean? Right. You don't just let people wander around. First of All, I brought a bunch, I brought notes again. Okay. I love that. I love how prepared you, I love, I love got a stack of Notes. Love The last person who, oh, I saw, I bring that many notes. Was Gary Sling and he's dead.


Oh My God. Dead. And maybe, I think 'cause of the notes, That was one of, that was gonna be one of my notes today is when I just want to pitch this to Matt and Sona, when Conan dies, and I'm not saying he is gonna die soon. Mike bi Bigley needs a friend. Okay. Yes. We don't have to wait For that. No, no. And we have Wow. We a case in it. I'll, a before we begin, I'll question a No, That's of it. That's part of the keep it in. This can't be part of the Keep it in. No, that's better. Keep it in. Wasn't clear to me at the end. Dad. Okay. Now? Yeah. Rolling. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Your dad. My dad is, oh, he is okay now. Yeah, he's better. He's Better. Okay. I just wanted to make sure before we get into it, because Oh, I'm really gonna, I'm gonna really roast him and I wanna make sure he's okay.


Shit, listen, I, it's what we do in Massachusetts. Oh, it Is. It really is. Yeah, It is really is. Yeah. These Two California soft little babies, Sort of, I'm really glad you're in my life, Croatia, wherever that From Croatia. But feel, but for real, when Conan dies, it is important that You know that you'll be the first two people who I want to have on my Bibi True story. Yay. You're just, you're you're gonna make us, you're gonna make something. Don't know why I wanna start. We are. But, but you guys have created this thing that has to happen first, where they go harm and I feel nauseous.


And because we have to do that, we can't record any of this shit. You created the perfect trap. It's All being recorded Though. Look at this. This is, oh my God. How an ees A guy with ESP does a podcast. That's a funny bit. My We're Ready to come be on your podcast. My God. Yeah. Mine. Lia needs a friend, you said? Yeah. Okay. We're in, We're in. Let me tell you a few things about television. They're rolling right now so we can use all it's of that. It's not television. It's not television. It's a podcast that's being coated. Oh My God. I hope there's no caffeine in whatever you're drinking. There's a value in there. Oh God. Okay. Over to you, Mike. Whenever you're ready. Whenever you wanna start. It's lots of fun for do. If you like it, ho Yay. And if you don't, you're ho.


Oh no. I listened to our last episode in Yay Boo. In the comments is Beloved People love Yay Boo. Oh yeah. Well, I could sing another one of his tunes and I don know if we brought that up. We have. Yeah. Oh yeah. Boy. Wow. Okay, let's start it. All right. Okay. Fake start and go. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Cession and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive, produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes, incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away, Jimmy.


Our supervising producer is Aren Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick, talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista, and Brit Conn. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash Conan.


And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded.