
How hot do you like it? Firehouse Subs is churning up the heat. They've teamed up with hot ones to create two new sandwiches. The zesty garlic hook and ladder is the milder option. Can you believe that? Those still packed with flavor. And for the bravest spice chasers, the spicy dill hook and ladder sandwich is sure to be a three alarm ion. Well, Sona bla, you guys sampled the wares today? We did, yes. You had yourself those hook and ladder sandwiches. How were they? They were great. And they had A kick. Yeah, they did. I, I did the zesty garlic hook and ladder. Oh. And, and I loved it. I took a walk in the wild side with the spicy dill hook and ladder and it was great. I loved it. Well, I'm glad you guys enjoyed yourselves. Find out how hot you like it. Try the zesty garlic and spicy deal. Hook and ladder at Firehouse Subs. For a limited time, life doesn't go on forever. You gotta grab the moment dude. Visit Firehouse subs.com to find a restaurant near you. Individuals sensitive to spice or the Carolina Reaper Pepper should not consume this spicy dill hook and ladder. Limited time at participating Firehouse Subs. Restaurants


Robert. Half research indicates nine out of 10 hiring managers are having difficulty hiring. Hmm. Who's Robert? Half Anyway, If you have open roles, chances are you're feeling this too. That's why you need Robert Half. There we go. Their specialized recruiting professionals engaging their skills with their award-winning AI to connect businesses of all sizes. With highly skilled talent in finance and accounting, technology, marketing and creative, legal and administrative and customer support. You know what I started wondering who this guy is? Yeah. At Robert Half they know talent. Visit robert half.com today.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hello. Hi Anne. Welcome to Conan. Needs a fan. Hi Anne. How are you? Oh Gosh, this is really afternoon. Hi, I'm great. How are you? How are the two of You? It was very nice to meet you. Anne. Tell us, where are you right now? I am in tag gig Metro Manila Philippines. Yeah, the Philippines. And how do you pronounce it again? Yes tag. Yes. Oh, you did pretty well. Yeah. Tag. Oh, just say perfect. Just say I did very well. It Sounded a little patronizing. Yeah. Don't say pretty well next time. Say very well.


Okay. Riann, it's nice to meet you. And you're from TIG Philippines? Yes. And I've never been to the Philippines before. Maybe you could tell me a little bit about yourself. What do I need to know about Riann? I am 29 but I stand at four 10. So. Wow. Even for a Filipino, I am quite short. Okay, so average height for women's About five. Two. I struggle a lot going through life as a vertically challenged person. Well Anne, I am also a vertically challenged person, but the other way. So there are problems.


I'm a bit on the tall side and I'm always smashing into things. People laugh at me, they play circus music when I walk through the room. So I do have some sympathy. Tell me you struggle. What things do you struggle with being four feet, 10. What do you struggle with? So there are a lot of, just the world isn't built for short people. I think you genuinely have it better. So just going to the grocery is a challenge. I don't like going without my boyfriend 'cause I don't like asking for help to reach the top shelves sometimes. Can I Going to the theme park? Yeah.


Can I ask you, how tall is your boyfriend? He's five seven. Might not seem tall to you, but he's taller than I am. Which helps A lot. Yeah. To you. He's like the rock, You know? Exactly. Yeah. And to me, once you hit five, five, there is no difference between my boyfriend and Colin. You're all tall to me. So yeah. We're all just up there in the clouds. Exactly. Yeah. So You don't like going to the grocery store and you said you don't like going to theme parks. Yes. Always a tense moment. Finding out whether I can go on a ride or not. Driving is a challenge. I have to sit on a pillow to see over the dash.


Oh wow. And what about your I cannot. What about, what about your feet? I mean the pillow will get you high enough, but what about your feet? What do you do there? To get to reach the Pedals. Exactly. So there is a perfect ratio. I do not like other people driving my car. 'cause it moves the seat and then you gotta find the ratio again. So yeah. That's a challenge. Yeah. Your life, you get Mistaken for a child a lot Your life. Yeah. Oh, people think you're a child. They patch you on the head and things. Exactly. Especially when we're traveling in the states. I get carded a lot and they don't accept our driver's license so I gotta grab my passport and whip it out.


One time a TSA agent we were going through, so I went through and then he was like to my mom, mine's gotta be accompanied by adults. And everyone was like, she's 22, she's not a minor. And the guy was genuine. You are not 22. So, Wow. Okay. So you've struggled with this and are you, do you like to drive once, once you are driving or are you, and you've got the seat just right and you've got the pedals just right and you're comfortable. Are you a good driver? I am a competent and law abiding driver. Mm. I may have a bit of road rage when it's deserved.


Okay. The way you said deserved was insane. And it leads me, you Have driven in the Philippines. You, you would understand If you were here. Okay. Can we act out your road rage? 'cause I wanna see Anne, what it actually looks like. So I'm drive, you're driving and then I'm in a car next to you. I'm driving a bright red Buick LeSabre and I suddenly cut you off in my bright red Buick saber. Show me what you would do. Fuck, move motherfucker. I'm just kidding. It's probably a lot more like, I swear it the guy.


Wait, do you always gole, do You always get fucking Pick a lane? Do You always giggle in between? Move and then motherfucker? Do you always go move? Yeah. Come Motherfucker. You're like the joker with Tourettes. So Say it to me again how you would do it in the Philippines. I just wanna hear it. The whole thing. The whole run. I just cut you off. Go Fucking move motherfucker. Yeah. Nice. Don't be apologetic. That's, I mean we, let's get that out on a wrap track, You know, move motherfucker. Yeah. Yeah. That would be a hit.


I think I want Her to say it though specifically. 'cause you have a good, like you're, I could tell you get angry. Yeah. Because I'm the same. Come On one more time. Let's hear it. Just Don't stop giggling. Just move mother. No, stop giggling. I need you to show me your true rage Riann. You're not talking to Colonel O'Brien on a zoom from the Philippines. This is real. 3, 2, 1. Go Move motherfucker. I love the laughing afterwards. I keep thinking about how my mom's gonna listen to this. Oh, your mom isn't gonna hear this.


Does your mom even know who I am? Oh yeah. My parents love you. They're, you are their favorite late night host. Oh that's nice. My think are hilarious. Oh good. Well they sound like Lovely people. I think my mom likes you. My mom likes you the best. 'cause you're the one that went to Harvard. She says Wow. Always the best Scientist. She's an Asian Mom. Always the best sign of who's funny. The funny one must have gone to an Ivy league school because that's where the funny people come from. So your challenges in life, if I can sum up rhianne, are that you wish you were a little taller, right? Because you are. You did you say four foot 10.


Okay. And you have to rely on your towering boyfriend who's five foot seven. You don't like going to the market and you don't like going to theme parks because they think you're a child. Yes. And then you have an insane road rage when you're driving through the Philippines. Is that right? Yeah. What about Concert? Really insane. Exactly. Yeah. So now you get near I do. I never, I never like sit in the, or stay in the mosh pit section. 'cause I'll get crushed and I will not see anything. So I stay up in the stands where it's safe and I can see things. Yeah, Yeah. But also concert. You probably have a good view sometimes, but then someone else stands in front of you and blocks your view and you want to get mad at them.


But then it turns out it's an 8-year-old, Not an 8-year-old. I'm sorry, I meant to say 9-year-old. Well you seem like, I know that you have these challenges, but you seem like you're having a good life. You seem like a happy person. Yeah. Pretty happy. I guess I've adapted to it. Like you change your personality a little bit when you're tiny to keep up with all the other tolls of the world. You call us the talls is what you call us. Yeah. Yes.


We're like the white walkers. The tall. Yeah. The talls are coming. They can only be killed with a, with blue ice. Yeah. The shorts have their own organization in you. The us the tall Shorts versus the talls. Well let me ask you something, Rhianne, if I were to come visit you, what kinds of things would we do together? Well first I think I need your help to run errands. I think if it's okay with you, I would like your help first to just generally send a message of unity with pulse and shorts in general.


Then Oh, you want me to then to be, you want me to to go with you run errands, right? Because I can use my height to assist you. Exactly. But you also want me to be kind of an ambassador. Yes, exactly. Just to show people that short and tall people can coexist and help each other. Yes. Yes. It's like that song Ebony and Ivory. Exactly. Except there isn't one for tall people in short people. And we need that. Yeah. So So we'd write one of our own. Yeah. Yeah. We'd write our maybe a song about how tall people and short people should all live in harmony. Correct. And then after that, I don't think tall people and short people are constantly at war.


I don't think there's a big battle. The Talls versus the shorts. I don't know if, yeah, I don't know if that happens. But at concerts, like you probably have sta stood in front of a shorter person and I love To do that Conning. I love to sit in front of a shorter person. Wait till the really good part in the, the concert stand and then put on an Abe Lincoln hat just to completely block. I think it's funny. What a dick. Yeah. That's awful. Yeah. Wear a t-shirt that says I'm a dick.


Oh, Airbnb man. That's what kids are doing now. Yeah. Bla you like your Airbnb, don't you? Yeah. It, it's great because when I go on a, You know, I'm gonna go back to Michigan for about three weeks and my place is just sitting there empty. Might as well make some scratch. Why not? Yeah. Scratch is money, right? Like Yeah, I think so. Great. Right. Some greenbacks. And it's nice because you're gonna go stay in Michigan. That's right. Where you're from. But why not make some money off your pad? Exactly. I'm staying with my mom. No one's staying at my place. Let's, let's, let's get some money from it. And it's a good feeling to know that your place is being used, it's being enjoyed and you're getting paid for it. Yeah. And I Got a cool place. Yeah. You know, like I, I went to this bachelor party last year in Miami. Remember when I went to that bachelor party that was, I heard it was Wild. And I, I wasn't even invited. I just was a, I saw that there was a bachelor party and I went in. I have nobody my age getting married. Amazing. Yeah. And it just was so great. But I made sure that I rented out my home, You know, before I went to the bachelor party that I wasn't invited to. And it was a good feeling. Great. Made some money. Not a great feeling to be asked to leave the bachelor party. Yeah. Think about it. If you host while you're traveling, it's a great way to offset some of the costs of your trip. And if you've got a big year of travel ahead of you, hostings a Pretty cool and unique way to make some money back. And then you can buy that special travel purse you want. Or man bagg or Yeah. Purse 2025 is the year to be financially savvy. So don't leave money on the table when you travel Your home might be worth more than you think. Find out how much at Airbnb dot com slash host.


Oh man. I do a lot of traveling. Yeah, I do. You know that I do The travel


shows. Nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, is it T-Mobile customer? You can take the perks with you. That's good. Isn't that nice? It starts the moments you take off with free in-flight wifi. So you can stream your favorite show on the go. Obviously that would be this show I would think. Yeah. You you go in a plane and then you stream your podcast. If I'm anxious about a flight, the thing that calms me is seeing myself. And then when you land T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands. Did You know that? No. Yep. Plus you're covered with five gigabytes, count 'em five of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with go 5G plus or next plans. And I have to tell you, it's a nice feeling when I travel the globe for my travel work, I like to know that when I land in that other country, I'm covered. I'm there. Yeah. I can text you and say, Hey, I got here safely. Yeah. I forgot to feed my cat. Could you feed my cat? Oh yeah. You could remind me. I don't have a cat. Right. It's all good stuff. Yeah. You've FaceTimed me before from another country and it was crisp. She was clear. Yep. You could see every mark on my face. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel qualifying plan required wifi where available on select US Airlines terms and conditions apply


the all new Nissan Armada Pro four X is an unshakeable fortress powered by a twin turbo V six engine. Yeah. Ready to propel your adventures to new heights. Yeah. Your voice changes when you do a car act. I'm trying to, I'm trying to become Will Anette. Oh, okay. But I can't do it. He's like, oh, new Nissan Armada Pro four x. No, listen, I'm gonna, I'm gonna explain this car to you. 'cause this car is fantastic. It's Max 8,500 pound towing capacity has the power to haul all your favorite toys on your next big adventure. You could steal the Statue of Liberty with this. It's incredible. I'm not saying do that. I'm just saying this thing that's a lot of Holland power. Nobody gets left behind with the Armada Pro Four X's premium interior that seats up to eight passengers. That's crazy. I don't know. Eight people going big. Never goes outta style. No terrain is too tough for the all new Nissan Armada Pro four x the most capable armada ever built. Built for the most rugged of terrain. The all new Nissan Armada Pro. Four X gives you freedom to explore further


this bracket season. FanDuel is letting you make the call. 'cause right now, new customers can get $200 in bonus bets when your first $5 bet wins. You hear me? That's 200 extra binos to bet on. Everything from clutch shots to last second heartbreaks and even who's cutting down the nets. If you've been waiting to join, there's no better time. There's turn action not slang for tournament almost every day. And FanDuel has amazing bet types like spreads totals, game props and so much more. I know all about this. You do. Oh, I'm a real, it sounds like it. I'm a real Beto. I I'm, I'm excited because Michigan State, which is my team, I I think they're gonna go all the way. They're number one in the big 10. Yes. Yes. Let's go all the way. You know, don't shake your head, Eduardo. Listen. You are all Michigan all the way. You're always That's right. Ever since I've known you, which is like 20 some odd years. That's right. You've been babbling about Michigan. This Michigan that. You gotta try a Michigan soup. You gotta have Michigan pizza pie. I love it all. And, and, and so yeah. I say with FanDuel, Michigan State all the way. Let's go baby. Go drink. Your favorite murderers are from Michigan. Anyway. That's true also. So visit FanDuel dot com slash conan. Get in on the college hoops Action. Attorney long turny is short for tournament Must be 21 plus in present in select states for Kansas in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in present in DC. First online Real money wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fan dual.com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Visit md gambling help.org in Maryland.


Hey, Riann, do you think that because of your size, you say it affects your personality, how does it affect your personality at work? Do you ever think you overcompensate at work? Maybe not overcompensate, just be a bit more assertive. 'cause sometimes if I say something, maybe during a meeting, the reaction can be a little bit like, good job, kid. Great, great idea. No, that's very, that's patronizing. Are you internist? Just Yeah. And they, they like to, they always end up calling me Riri.


I never introduce myself as Riri feels like a microaggression. Like why are you izing my, my name? Yes, your name is you. I mean, if people call you Riri, they should have your permission. You should be telling them that's my name. People are calling you Riri without your permission. I think it makes, it matches the visual more. Yeah. In their Bias. Well, I don't, I don't like that. That has to be with your permission. And maybe if I'm with you, because I'm, I'm not just tall, but I'm also very strong. Mm. And and a good fighter. Quiet. Are you? Oh, Okay. Okay. And she's surprised.


Hey, hey, cool. It riri cool. It riri. No, but what I'm saying is I would, I would stick up for you if I was with you, I would stand next to you and I would stick up with you and no one would call you Riri when I was standing next to you. Okay. No one would block your view. No one would be condescending and I would be your protector, your guardian angel. What do you think of that? I think that sounds perfect and would very much like for that to happen. Do you, do you think knowing what You know about me, that I'd be accepted in the Philippines?


I think there's a lot of places you wouldn't fit. Like generally stuff is built. So I was looking around my office the other day genuinely thinking that whether would couldn't fit into this, would Colin fit into the elevator? I just got in, I think, I'm sorry. I meant, I meant culturally accepted culturally not what I physically fit through the doorway. Right. What are you, are you living here? Riann? Are you living in Legoland? I mean, what's going on? No, no, no. Culturally, culturally we're typically very welcoming. We're a super friendly population.


But I think what might help you more is If you claim to be a little bit Filipino. You say you're 99% Irish, right? A hundred percent. If you say the 1% Irish Is, oh, I, okay, so you're saying I should, If you can say, You think I should lie and say that I'm, I have some, I'm, I'm part Filipino. Is that what you're saying? Because Filipinos will claim anyone who just has like 1% Filipino DNA and immediately love you. Okay. They'll go ka baan, which means like countryman. Yeah. Okay. Well, I I don't wanna be guilty of cultural appropriation, but if I have your permission to lie and say that I am 1% Filipino Okay, Then I think I have your permission.


I can do it. Yeah. I mean, is it a lie or can we just not know definitively. It's a lie. It's an absolute lie. It's such a Lie. No one looking at me thinks there's any, An iota Iota of Philippines. If anything, that's not just a white Irish man. Okay. Not even a tiny little drop of anything. Not point like 2% of you. Okay. Nothing. It's possible. No, it's not possible at all. It Could be, it could be Cuban. Very Okay. Very Tan up. Real nice. Tan up. Real nice. Brianne. This is a good, this is a good education for me. I'm gonna tell you, here's what I'm gonna say.


I think that you seem like a very funny person. You have a good sense of humor. I like, I like your, I like Anne's personality a lot. I like Anne too. I like you a lot. I think you're cool. Yeah. You seem really cool. And so I bet you're getting through life just fine. Even If you are a little shorter than you'd like to be. You know? I don't think that's getting in your way. Are you in your apartment right now? 'cause there's a cat behind you. Yes. Yeah. I'm sorry. I just noticed here as well. Yes. Okay. I went home and that's my cat. That's your cat. What's your cat's name? Cat. Cat. It's a, it's a type of small orange. Your name for your cat is cat, Cat, cat, Cat, cat.


Okay. Very good. Yeah. Okay. And that's your sofa behind you. Is that sofa? What? I'm sorry. Are you Asking? I'm just, I don't know. I don't know. What cat Is that your sofa? That's a, that's a, that's sofa behind you in your apartment. Is that yours? It's called fishing. I'm the fish. I'm the fishing magician. Can you wear heels that are as high as you can possibly want them to be? And you're, you're like, You know, that's the thing that's cool is that you could wear the highest, highest heels, like six, seven inch heels. Have you ever done that? Have you ever put on heels that make you six or seven inches taller? Not six or seven inches, maybe four inches If you, but they hurt.


I know, but sometimes the things we have to do, You know, If you put on seven inch heels and then you wore a Burger King crown, you'd be a very tall, tall drink of water. So It has to be a Burger King. Crown though. Crown. I'm sorry. I think wheels Are, which they would give me because they think I'm a child. Yes. Unfortunately that's true. Yeah. They probably, does that ever happen where you go and they give you kids toys and things because they think you're a kid? Oh, I get given the kids menu quite a bit in restaurants. Oh Really? Which it is fine. Kids menus are fun. Yeah. Do you like chicken nuggets and french fries and, yeah.


Have they ever handed you macaroni And Cheese? Have they ever handed you crayons with your menu? Oh no. I don't think that's a thing here. Okay. Probably if it were, they would have. Yeah. Okay. That's an American thing. They give the kids crayons. Do they do that with your kids? All the time? Yeah. Yeah. It's cute. Yeah, it's sweet. Yeah. Yeah. It's Appropriate for those kids. Okay. Brianne? It's called editing and we're gonna do some, but this is fantastic. We've got everything we need. Yeah. I mean, it's really great and I think you and I would have a good time if we went to the Philippines. What kind of errands would we run together? Yeah. Going to the grocery store is one backing me up at work.


Probably helping me stand. If I were going to like, say an improv show or a drag show where it's standing room only, maybe you could help muscle the crowd so I can see better. Mm. Or you say you're strong, just lift me on your shoulders so I can see you better at the shows. Okay. That's all. That all sounds like stuff I could do. Create A barrier around her. I could, some people can't stand. Yeah. I could create a barrier. There's a natural barrier that comes with my celebrity. Oh. People are like, oh my God, it's Conan O'Brien. And they tend to step back. I'm gonna say in awe, which isn't true, but I could help you.


I'd help you. You want me to come all the way to the Philippines so you have a better view and an improv show. Correct. Sounds like a great use of your time. Wouldn't you agree? I'm not nothing else much, so I might as well do that. You could be like her, her, her bodyguard, You know, and then walk around and also you add extra inches with your hair. Maybe you could pomp a door it up a little bit too. I mean, just a lot of, I don't know. Illusions Me You mean me? You, you add Oh, I thought you Want, you want inches to your height with your hair. I mean, maybe she can do her hair so that it's a little higher. Oh, Anne could do a a Conan. Yeah. If you had my hairstyle, you'd be six inches taller.


No, you don't want my hair. Maybe. Yeah. Maybe I should stick to my lane. It looks great on you. It looks great on you. Thank you. Love it for you. Yeah, love it for me. Just not for any other human. And tell me, just before we go, about your boyfriend, what's his name? Carlo. Carlo. And he's a good guy? Yeah, he's a lawyer. So that comes with a lot of perks. Yeah. Okay. He's a, he's a good guy. Mm. He's a lawyer. Yeah. Well, I look forward, maybe I'll meet Carlo too. Is that possible? Yeah. He's also a, a big fan here. Oh, that's nice.


Love to listen to the podcast together. Oh, good. You listen to the podcast together. Good. I don't want Carlo to be, I don't want Carlo to be jealous or anything if I come to town, You know, sometimes, Oh, such A hard laugh. Why are you laughing at the very idea that Carlo would be jealous of Me? No, I'm a I'm a threat. Who Was laughing? You Laughing. I think I'm a real legitimate threat to any male. Why would you laugh at that rhianne? I was. Okay, forget it. I'm, I'm decided. No, Philippines, You are a legitimate threat. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Now you sound like A I was laughing at him. I was laughing at Now you sound like a hostage.


Yeah. You're so scary. Well, Rayann, you're really funny and you seem really nice and cool and I hope our paths cross. But in the meantime, I want you to walk tall because your spirit, you have the spirit of a giant and that should be enough. Don't you think? It means a lot coming from a giant. Well, thank you very much, Riann. And you take care. Thank you. And you guys take care too. Bye-bye. Sounds me too. Meet you. Bye. Nice To meet you. Bye-bye. Bye. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sian and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs.


Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer Aren Blair, associate talent producer Jennifer Samples, associate producers Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan.


Please rate review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien Needs a fan wherever fine podcasts are done.