(4s):
Hi, my name is Nathan Lane, and I feel it's about fucking time I was asked to be Conan O'Brien's friend. Finally, back to school. Ring Bell loose. Hey there. Welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a friend joined here by Sono of Sian and Matt Gorley.

(45s):
And man, things are getting heated in here because Matt Gorley just made a suggestion and you said, 'cause we were trying to think of what do we talk about here up upfront? Well, let's Go back a little further and preface it with that. You, you always want to have something nailed down that we're gonna talk about. Yeah. And Sona and I are a little bit more loosey Goosey, Frankly. Chill. Yeah, yeah, exactly. I guess the difference would be you two are always saying, let's just talk about anything. Because in the podcast world, you can literally just talk about anything and Hey, man, that's what happened, man. We laid out what was happening in the moment, which is nothing and isn't that great? And everyone gets a podcasty award.

(1m 25s):
Podcasty. I come from a different world of thinking about things and planning them and writing them beforehand on such shows as The Simpsons Saturday Night Live, boring, seven different, Never heard of them. Yeah. Yeah. Any hoots. My point is, I was taking a second to try and think of something and you said after A long pause, after a Long the long pause chiming in. Yeah. No one's chiming in. And you said, well, it's windy out here in la Pretty stupid. And Yeah, but no one attacked you for it. We just sort of was like, eh, not, not that, that's not it. And then bla got upset and bla you said, well, listen, I think that I, you always want this podcast to be the best it could be.

(2m 9s):
I, what I said was, he said, it's windy out. And you said no, and then you didn't say anything else. I didn't put him down. I didn't go after him. That's right. You, you just let it pass. You let it pass. You leaned in because you'll sometimes make suggestions. That's right. And it's a little bit like whack-a-mole, this gray-haired, gray bearded wh blade sticks out. Whack-a-mole. Whack-a-mole where all the moles are bla And I whacka play, whacka play. And I just, I bash you down. Hold on. And sometimes I go after you for a while. Yeah. It's fun sometimes. But you said, if I had said that That's right, you'd have gone after me. That's right. And I had said that right before, I said, I literally had the thought of, I think this is a suggestion Blay would make. And I, I don't mean that in a bad way.

(2m 50s):
I just, well, what Other way could you possibly Made it? Well, I still said it, didn't I? Yeah. You said, oh, thanks. That's a real vote of Confidence. No, I didn't mean it that way. I still said it, didn't I? But I pointed out that the difference is in presentation. Right. I pointed out that what Gourley did is gourley quietly went Well, we could talk about how it's windy out. And he has, he's, it's a little dry. He undersold it. He undersold it. He's back from the mic. And I'm like, yeah, right. We're not gonna do that. And I pointed out to you, Blake, when you make a suggestion. That's true. Although you have a naturally loud speaking voice, you will never be be lost in the desert, ever. That's true. You're right. And I, I will say And hold it. I'm not done. I'm not done. You don't get the speaking stick ever again.

(3m 31s):
So, alright. What you do is you have a loud voice anyway. You lean into these, these hyves microphones. What are they? Hyves is That brand? Are, are they St. Dynamic. Dynamic. So let's get the vess. They're better. Are you? These are very, very sensitive microphones. Cardio. And what you do, blay, is you take your whole body, you have, you're a large man, a large powerful man, and you lean in and you almost deep throat the microphone. And you would've said, Hey, we can talk about hats windy out. And people listening in their cars would be crashing on the 4 0 5, the 10 all across this great nation cars would be going off.

(4m 16s):
You know what I mean? But this, That is what makes bla magical, is you are able to do this. Open-hearted. I had to come at it as like, I know I'm gonna get hit for this. That's what I meant. Like, I'm gonna, I Right. I think I'm gonna get hit. So I had to He's confident about it. I know. And I have to say, I think bla you're the MVP of this entire place and you, this this place go around. Yeah. Yeah. And can I say something else bla in your favor. Yes. No, I think it's a great was pointing At me when they, you don't need to point at me when you're addressing. Yes. Stop Pointing at me. It's, It's very aggressive. This is a compliment. But you have an unearned confidence. No. Oh no's. Not a compliment. That's not a compliment. Compliment. Don't think You know what a compliment means. Means a con. Wait a minute. Isn't a compliment where you really get someone?

(4m 57s):
No, no, no. A compliment is a nice thing you say about someone and You don't qualify it. You Just compliment. Well, anyway, you are, every time you light the fuse and the TNT blows up in your face, it's a new, it's like it's happening for the first time and you're just like, this is, this should go well. Bla you're the coyote who's never learned. That's true. Right? Yeah. You've opened up 700,000 Acme boxes. Charlie Brown in the Football. That's true. Yeah. Charlie Brown in the football. And you just keep going for it. I don't know if You've ever, if you've ever said this on Mike, but you did say once, you're like, I love it when, and you said this completely, honestly, I love it when you come running through the door with a wet far and which, which, And I can't, I don know what that means.

(5m 37s):
Even now. I don know why, why, like, Hey Everybody, and then just look at me and then just Never said that. Never said you did say, but I'm trying to say is said that that's coming out. You did say the it's out. You did say the take it out. You are you gonna it out? Don't worry boss. All definitely take It out. Just drive and drop it. All I wanna say here is, all I want to say here is if it's ab, I, I, first of all, I disagree. It's about presentation. I do think there is, Do you think your presentation could be better? Yes. Let's try it. But, but wait, can I just it try pitch Wendy the way you think. Well, no, I'm self-conscious about you got it. You got This, you guys, what should we talk about? Can I see it? You guys just sit over here.

(6m 17s):
The lights are, You know, I I feel like I have to lean in to, to be like, to be hurt. You don't, you don't to be to be hurt for hurt. Don't. You don't. Because you do get hurt. You don't, it's psychologically microphone, Psychologically being back here. Don't you think Eduardo? I've been back There is true. Eduardo back me up. You don't, you think we have to lean in to be part of the conversation? Is that not true? Eduardo never yells. Yeah. I I listen to that Voice. Listen to that voice. Smooth. And can I say radio? I'm gonna back Up my boy here. I'm gonna say this. When you speak Eduardo, I am like, oh my God. I wanna hear what Eduardo has to say because he has, he always says, you've got a beautiful voice. You're very calm. Thank you. You're centered. You are not, your whole tone of voice is not begging For acceptance.

(7m 4s):
I, I'm gonna back up my boy here and I'm gonna say I admire, I think he's brave. I think he knows I No one, I think that's true Compliment. No one knows gonna compliment me. No, no. He's brave. Like a leming is brave. A leming that just throws itself mindlessly off a cliff. That was brave lemmings. That His point being in the shadows over here. Yes. You, you, you don't know. It's like a game of jump rope. You don't know when to jump in, when to jump out, and you don't want to trip and be the idiot that, You know, stumbles upon the rope. He, he knows that you're probably gonna shit on him for his ideas, but he still will pitch them. Anyways, that's, that's I thinks saying he's self aware.

(7m 44s):
But that's why I say he's brave. So, You know, That's all I know is that the most Powerful Salvo in the world was lobbed at you and it bounced off of you. Which is Harrison Ford told you said, shut the fuck up bla And, And Tom Hanks And Tom Hanks, yes. Both of the most iconic stars of the 20th and 21st century. True. Told you to shut the fuck up. Yes, that's true. And you, it was, it was like watching someone shoot a spitball at an aircraft carrier. I think we should make you two medals of valor for those that you get to wear. You know, it didn't affect you at all. Anyone else, anyone else would be in a ch it would be in the hospital for the rest of their lives if both of those stars had told 'em to shut the fuck up.

(8m 30s):
That's right. This is a really, can we please put on the wrap light for God's sakes? We put the wrap light on. Like me though. Are We gonna talk about the wind? Shut the fuck up, Sona. Shut the fuck up. So, all right. My guest today is a Tony Award-winning actor who is starred in such movies as the Producers and the Bird Cage. Now you can see him in the new Hulu series, mid-century Modern. I'm delighted he's here. I'm thrilled. Nathan Lane. Welcome. I'm gonna start by saying there's a moment that I had with you that is very important to me, and you're not gonna be aware of this, but it meant the world to me.

(9m 19s):
And you've done very nice, very many nice things for me over the years, including doing this amazing thing on our final late night show, which was fantastic. You are what? The Irish column Minch, but you, just, before we started the podcast, you very sweetly came over and you offered your condolences about my parents passing away last month. And it reminded me of this very special moment in my life when my mother came to town. She didn't come to New York often. She was, You know, pretty much stayed in Boston. But she came to town. And the biggest thing to do at that time in New York, it was the biggest thing in the world, was go and see the producers.

(9m 59s):
And I told my mother, I'm gonna take you to the producers. And my mother couldn't believe it because even in Boston, they knew that this was a huge deal. So we went and we saw the producers. And one of my favorite memories of that night is we saw the producers. And my mother was not a, You know, she was from Central Massachusetts. She mostly stayed in Boston. She didn't go see Broadway shows. She's now seeing the biggest thing in the history of Broadway. It's you, it's the whole full original cast. Matthew Broderick, I'll never forget at the end of the show, she was doing that clapping. That's not down here. It's up here. My mother, who basically, I look so much like me, imagine me in a wig clapping like this.

(10m 44s):
So then we, we get up and someone very kindly came over and said, would you like to say hello? And I said, well, I'm always shy about those things. But I thought, well, if it's possible. And I said, oh, hi Nathan. We went backstage. Hi Nathan. And this was the, I mean, literally, kings, queens, presidents, everybody would come backstage with the producers every night. And I came over and I said, Nathan, this is my mom. And you said, Mrs. O'Brien, you gave her this big hug. You acted like it was the biggest thing in the world. I, my mother was transported into another realm and may have hasten her death. That was God saying 20 years passed.

(11m 28s):
But I think she could have lived another, she could have lived another five. And, and so I'm, I'm accusing you of murder. No. And it is, I had, I don dunno why I ruined things. It was the nicest, and I'll never forget it. It, I'll never, I'll never forget it. It was, it was, oh, a beautiful moment. And you are, you're, you're, I mean, people know Nathan Lane, the famous person from television, movies, Broadway. But you are a extremely sensitive person, probably to your own detriment, I think. You know what I mean? You're not a thick skinned soul.

(12m 8s):
And in that moment, I could just see what a lovely, fantastic person you Are. Well, that's aside from the murder accusation, that was an, an incredibly kind and moving thing to say, You know, You know, as, as someone who in the public eye, You know, as you, it, You know, especially, You know, in, in doing a, a Broadway show eight times a week, and people, when people do come back, it is awkward because it, they don't, unless they're theater veterans and they understand the etiquette of no matter what, even though it was a terrible show, you hated it. You say, that was the greatest night of my life and thank you for a wonderful performance.

(12m 49s):
And you leave as opposed to walking in and saying, I have some issues with the play. Yes, yes. You know, there are those people. Right. But you have to, I think as you get older, you learn to be gracious. And also you have to take the ball and, and say, I'm so glad you're here. And, and you fill Yeah. You fill in. And then if they're able to say something, that's great, but you make them feel good about what they just experienced. I mean, very often what you wanna say is, I wish you were here last night. You know, the matinee didn't go so well. Yeah. You know, you've got to make it a positive for them. But what's interesting is that what you're doing is you've just done a show where you're giving it all you've got.

(13m 34s):
I mean, yes, Matthew was working hard, working hard in that show. But come on. I mean, you're, you're, you're using your instrument in every single possible way. And then I don't think people realize when they come backstage, you're putting on another show for them. You're worried about them. You're making sure that they get what they need, which is kind of insane. You know? Well, You know, you Should be taken away by helicopters mean you're done with a performance. Exactly. Yes. You know, it's that, that's a part of the gig. Yep. You know? Yep. And you, and then, You know, yeah. You go off and go to go to immediately to bed.

(14m 15s):
But yeah, it's, I mean, it's why I, I don't want, I wouldn't want to do, I don't want to, I wouldn't want to be in the middle of a musical anymore eight times a week. Right. I, I just, it's for, it's a young man's game. Right. 'cause it's just, it's like being the, a quarterback In my career, I always had a real problem with the transition to I'll just curl up with a good book. Yeah. No, you can't. Yeah. When you're with, with that kind of energy. Yeah. Yeah. And so what would, what did you do? Did you have a trick for, because I'm just thinking, I mean, so many Broadway references. I mean, I, I saw you before I even started the late night show.

(14m 55s):
I think I saw you do laughter on the 23rd floor. And I was like, I don't know how he goes to sleep tonight. Like, I don't know how he, Well, there, there was just many years of just a lot of drinking that, Let's point out there, if you're out there and you have trouble sleeping, drinking that, And You know, That is the message we have for you That really helps. You know, I think it's just, look, you, You know, those days when you, I would, You know, you would go out, you would, you would, if it didn't go well, you would go out and have drinks. Yep. Or, and if it did go well, you went out and had drinks. Yes. And, You know, you could get away with it in your youth. Yes. But that, that changes as you get older. It's, it's, yeah.

(15m 35s):
You just go to bed a little later. It takes a while to come down from all of that. I used to go to sleep at 1 32 in the morning. Sure. And, and yeah, it was, Well, wouldn't you, you'd talk to your wife, wouldn't you? I wasn't married at the time. Oh, okay. But I knew who she was going to be. So I'd call her, she'd say, who is this? And I'd say, it's your future husband, con O'Brien, my God. And she would say, I'm not a fan of that show. Sure. He seems needy. But I think what's, remember the one time I saw you, we were at the Angelica Cinema. You know what, I know exactly what you're talking About. And I was like, it was like seeing your, your teacher, You know, at the supermarket.

(16m 17s):
I was like, it's Conan and I can see his legs. And, and you and you were with this gorgeous woman That's my wife. And, and it was so I, I was happy to see you, but I was like, this is awkward because he doesn't have cards. He's not gonna ask me that question where I have a great bit. I wrote, I thought what was awkward is that I did immediately produce cards. Nathan, I understand you're at a funny thing happen at the point, the forum. Now tell me, I understand you have a funny story about avocados. And then I threw a commercial while we were standing waiting to see a movie. I know. Yeah. No, I, I, my wife and I, Liza, we ran into you. And it is strange when you see someone outside of the weird, I don't know, bubble, whatever, whatever we live in, we were waiting for the movie to start.

(17m 7s):
I remember you seemed a little downcast. You know, Have we met? I thought maybe it's me, like Nathan's thinking, oh, Jesus, Down the movie, It's Conan O'Brien. I can't, I can't do it. No. But I'm sure I got nervous. Like I Oh, I, I better be funny. Something like that. I'm sure it was just Yeah. Because the high, there's high stakes when you're in a movie lobby. But it, but it, You know, it's so funny because I relate, there are many ways in which I think you and I could probably relate As friends, I, I as friends, but as also I think we're both Irish.

(17m 47s):
We both come from, we were raised very Catholic, I believe. Yeah. And I know that my self-defense mechanism that I learned very early on was to just beat up on myself Sure. And hate myself. Sure. If I get to me before anyone else gets to me. Exactly. Then I beat them to the punch. Yeah. And I always kind of sense that when I would hang with you, like, oh, I think Nathan and I have, there's a kinship here. Sure. I know you had a, there was alcoholism in your family. And this, I know this is a dark thing to bring up. It's funny because there was, there was, in my family, because we had, there had been alcoholism throughout the family tree.

(18m 30s):
My parents, I grew up in a dry house, which is a thing you see in some Irish culture, which is, they're so afraid of it that there, you can't even have a rum cake in the house. Like there was nothing, there was no, wow. You couldn't, so I grew up kind of being told that it's, it will, it will kill you If you get near it. Yeah. And it was the way people talk about like, fentanyl now, that was how wine was treated when I was growing up. It just wasn't in the house. And then if company came over, my dad had a little like rusty ke and we would open up a little cabinet and take out what must have been the shittiest bottle of wine in the world that he had just capped the last time someone had, had a glass, didn't know how to store it, blew dust off of it and gave someone, You know, basically vinegar.

(19m 17s):
Yeah. There was a lot of ways where I feel maybe we would relate Yes. As, as Irishman. Sure. Yeah. The dark humor and, and self-deprecating that, You know. And also something that I Samuel Beckett vibe. Well, you have said Every party, You said, I love this quote. I reading interview with you, and you said that you, you felt like you grew up in a bad Eugene O'Neal play. Yeah. And then later you revise that. But why don't you elaborate on that. Oh, well, it was, You know, my father was, was an alcoholic. Became an alcoholic really? I was born, my mother had me when she was 40.

(19m 57s):
And, and not long after, he started drinking really heavily and, and essentially drank himself to death. And my mother then sort of had a, had a kind of breakdown after his death and her own mother's death. And she eventually was diagnosed as bipolar then it was called manic depression. It, it, it was a, a difficult childhood in that I had to grow up fast. I sort of became the adult. My two older brothers were going to college. They were sort of on the way out, although they were very much involved and helping. But when I was going to high school, it was just my mother and myself. And she was going through these phases of, of depression and then manic behavior.

(20m 42s):
And it was, and in and out of mental hospitals. And then, and, and I never really, I never really had much of a relationship with my father. He died when I was 11. And I can remember saying to my brother, my oldest brother, Dan, You know, we were going to the funeral. And I said, I was upset. And he said, what's, and I said to him, I, I said, I can't cry. I'm supposed to be crying now. Yeah. My father died and I can't cry. He said, that's all right. He said, you feel how you feel and it doesn't, that, that's not important. Yeah. And which Was ahead of its time, by the way, for him to say that. Yeah. This Is, I mean, this is, and He was not the healthiest guy in the world himself.

(21m 24s):
Yeah. You know? Yeah. He, yeah, he was, well, You know, he was a teacher and, and he certainly, and he was the, my, my, this is my oldest brother who got me interested in the theater and reading. And, You know, he was a, became sort of a father figure. There's this thing that happens. I think it's true of a lot of performers where they, they take whatever they've been given and then they realize my experience was, I just went down a checklist when I was a kid. And mostly it was things I wasn't good at. You know?

(22m 5s):
I mean, literally, I mean, I remember doing like a mental rundown of, well, what's not gonna be anything in the athletic field, I think Yeah. That's quite clear. Yes. It's not gonna be, I'm not really a ladies man. I, Me too. Yeah. So I just keep clicking things off and you, you figure out what weapon you have in your toolbox, and you must have figured out at A and, and you find your group, You find, yes. You find Your, the, the, the, You know, you have to find the person who laps at your jokes and gets it, and gets what you're talking about. Still looking, looking still Looking. It's a quest, an epic quest. Yeah. But when, so you figure out pro, fairly, probably, what is it?

(22m 48s):
High school you realize like, I like to get up there, I like to be in front of people. I think, You know, honestly, I can remember as a, as a child, like doing, they would say, I would get up and do impressions. I would try to entertain the family, and I had like a bad club act, and then I was in a, a, You know, a grammar school play. Yeah, yeah. I remember getting a laugh in that and thinking, oh, this was like blood to a vampire. Yes. Yeah. And then, and then in high school, I started to do plays. And it was social, it was finding your people, but it was just, I didn't, I didn't think it could be a profession. Right. Nor Did I. And, and then nearing the end of high school, I realized maybe I could, my brother would also not only encouraged me, but he took me to see theater in New York to see plays on Broadway and off Broadway.

(23m 38s):
And sometimes with classes that he was teaching, he would take a class and I would go with him. And, and I would, You know, that first experience of watching the curtain go up and the the lights on the stage, and thinking, I'd like to be a part of that. I think maybe I could do that. Yeah. And the excitement of just the ritual of it all, people quieting down as the curtain goes up and there's, You know, nothing quite like it. Do you still, I mean, after all of this, all of these crazy hits of dopamine and success, can you still access that when you're in a show and it's Oh, Absolutely. Yes. Isn't that amazing? It's absolutely. You don't get, oh, yeah.

(24m 19s):
No, this is old. This is, I'm just doing, getting in the old number 42 B, You know? No, I'm, You know, I'm, I'm here making this multicam mid-century modern. Yeah. And, and every Tuesday night when we we tape it, it's, it's like you feel the adrenaline and you think, You know, you, you want it to go Well. And you, there's, because of the, that this process, which is sort of a whirlwind process, and, and I was saying to someone today, it's, it's really more of a writer's process. It's their, they're sort of rewriting, this Is Multicam. Yeah. And they rewrite throughout the week. Yes. It's sort of thrilling. I it's all flying by the seat of your pants. But it's also like, is this acting or am I just repeating what you said to me three seconds ago?

(25m 2s):
And Right. But somehow it all comes together and, but I I, I certainly, before we start you, I feel that kind of the thing you feel before The thing you felt as a kid. Yes. Yes. You get, it doesn't go Away. No, I didn't realize this, but when you did the bird cage, that was a, that was a big boost. Step up. Sure, sure. You were doing well, very well established Broadway. But you, you did the bird cage, but with Robin Williams, Mike Nichols had to talk you into it. Is that true? No, no. By the way, we do, we do very bad research here. And your name is, your name is Jason Alexander.

(25m 46s):
Jason Alexander. And you did Send, I'm wearing the wig today. No, I, yeah, I was, I Thought he had to talk you into it or that you were Oh, no, it's Okay. I'll, I'll forgive me if you've heard this before, but originally, You know, Mike, the great Mike Nichols and, and Elaine May had wanted to do that, an American remake of CIA fault for a very long time, and then finally gotten the rights, and it was supposed to be Steve Martin and Robin Williams. Right. And Robin was gonna play the part I wound up playing. Then Steve, there was another obligation it wasn't gonna work out. And then Robin decided, I've just done drag.

(26m 29s):
And Mrs. Dora, I'm sorry, I've been ignoring you people. No, no. They're to be ignored. I'm talking, But I'm, They are to be ignored. I can only make one new friend at a time. So I don know what you're doing with the rest of the afternoon, but maybe lunch and I can deal with you and Yeah. And your childhoods. But so Robin decided after Mrs. Doubtfire, maybe I shouldn't play the drag part. And, and that, that the acting challenge would be playing the more subdued character. Right. And so it opened up that role, and, and he, Mike came to see me and laughter on the 23rd floor.

(27m 11s):
Okay. And I, I had met him briefly once, and, You know, it's like meeting God. And then he came backstage, which he had never done. And he said, dear boy, I'd like to talk to you about a movie. And I was like, oh, did you wanna go see one? I hear Conan's hanging out at the Angelica. He's in the lobby. Who is this Conan? And can I call you? And he did. And then, so the next day it was, this is happening, and it's, Elaine is writing Wow. The adaptation. And Robin Williams is gonna play the other part. And I said, so I would, I would be the drag queen. And I, he said, yes. And I said, well, that's a, that's a very good part.

(27m 52s):
And he said, yes it is. And I said, okay. And I couldn't believe it was happening. This is now, this is, you can cut me off at any point. It's No, No, no. Love this. It's a long story's. So we also kind of did a, he wouldn't make it, he wouldn't refer to it as a screen test, but they wanted to see what I would look like in drag and all of that. And, and he made it fun. And I sang a song and, You know, many outfits by the great Ann Roth, the costume designer. And, and then I was supposed to do, a funny thing happened on the way to the forum. They were building this around me. And Scott Rudin called me the producer of forum. And he said, he's not gonna make that movie.

(28m 32s):
That's never gonna happen. He's, it's never gonna work out. You know, it's, and he went on and I, I, I, and, and I had to, because of the scheduling, I had to turn it down. I had to say, You know what, I can't really leave these people in the lurch they've been building and, and the timeframe, now that you're talking about, I, I couldn't, I can't do that to them. And that's a Crazy thing to say, no, Mike Nichols. Yeah. I will not co-star in Your film. Right. So, so I said, okay, I, You know, and I told them, and, and then I would hear from, I would see Mike Nichols. I was, this is, I was talking about this the other day. I would see him from time to time. He would, like, once this was, was this, this was afterwards.

(29m 15s):
There was a, there was a period where there was a period where maybe Robin wasn't gonna do the movie. This is how long this went on. And maybe, You know, he would say, how do you feel about Billy Crystal? I'm nobody. You know what I mean? And I would say, I love Billy Crystal. Why, why are you asking me? You know? And then, You know, one day he came up to me, we were at a benefit, and he said, Robert Redford, I said, is he here? He said, no, Robert, he said, Robert Redford as your husband. And I said, well, If you can work that out, all my dreams will come true. And so, and then, so anyway, so anyway, finally, I think Robin, it was, yeah, he was gonna play the other part.

(29m 59s):
And then he calls me, he was in Ireland, and he says, Nathan, and I'm in my dressing room at Laughter on the third, 23rd floor. And he says, Nathan, I ke I'm meeting people, but I think you are the person. And I said, I said, Mr. Mike Nichols, I, I have no power here. Perhaps If you called Scott Rudin, something could be arranged. He said, yes. He's like an evil serpent. Yes. I don't, I don't mean to make him sound like that, 'cause No, no, no. He was, he was, he was. You Know. No, but I know what you mean. He had a, i, I, I, well, an aura, an iconic status.

(30m 40s):
Oh, yeah. And, and so yes, I could see him. He's someone who can just say yes. And It has, he called you dear boy. Yeah. And it has a power To it. Oh, yes. And so the next day, Scott Rudin said, you really wanna do this movie? I said, well, well, why wouldn't I wanna do this movie? And he said, it means we have to postpone a year. And I said, I know. I said, I know. I turned it out. He said, okay. And then it wound up, of course, helping us with Forum, because by the Time Forum opened, the movie had come out. And I was not just this New York actor who was, You know, had had lucked out in getting this, the lead and this musical, but it was always the guy from that film that's doing well.

(31m 24s):
Right. So it was Jason Alexander. Jason Alexander. And so it, so it, it, one thing helped the other. And, You know, so I'm grateful to Scott Rudin, Mike Nichols, Robin Williams. It was a, You know, I'm gonna introduce someone who was, one of the things I always say is a, is a hallmark of a great career, is that depending on who you run into in any age group, they're excited about a different thing. My, my co-host today sitting with me, David Hopping, well, who's here accidentally, because Sona couldn't be here. Yes.

(32m 4s):
He lost his mind when he found out that he was gonna be in a room with you Oh. Because of the Lion King. And he, We were Oh, Yeah. All play was like, do you mind sitting in today? And I was like, with Disney royalty, of course, I wanna sit in here. Yeah. We just did a, this thing, the Hollywood Bowl, it's gonna, I think it's on, it's airing soon. It was the 30th anniversary. I can't believe that concert of, You know, Jennifer Hudson. And Yeah. And a lot of people from the, the original cast and the new people and people from the Broadway show is quite the Oh, that's so cool. Extravaganza. But it was fun to be reunited with Ernie Ella, who played Poba, and he's an old friend.

(32m 47s):
And Just, and I also think I had some experience with this working on The Simpsons, but people don't realize that voice work, none of it works if it's not there in the Voice. I don't care how good the animation is. I don't care how good the story is. If the, if the actor who's doing the voice can't capture it, and I saw this on The Simpsons, it's, these people are just brilliant who do those Oh, yeah. You know, it's Hank's area and Dan Castaneda and this whole, if it's not there, you don't have anything. And so to be one of those iconic Disney Voices is pretty amazing. Yeah. Again, sort of like a, You know, as a kid, seeing those Disney films and, and, and I was, I was always sort of fascinated by the voice actors.

(33m 32s):
And, and so to wind up doing that, and, and with a, a movie that started as something called King of the Jungle. And nobody seemed to be excited about it. And, and, and then auditioning for Hyenas, You know, three Hyenas, and then Ernie happened to be there. You know, we were both doing Guys and Dolls on Broadway at the time. Yep, yep. And he, he had gone in first and he was gonna leave, and he said, I'll, I'll, I'll stay with him and get lunch. We, and I said, well, would it be all right if he came in and we read together because it's three hyenas and it'll gimme something to play off of and, You know, might be fun. And, and then, You know, like two months later, they said, well, we're developing these two, You know, sidekick characters that are the comic relief and, You know, a warthog and a meerkat.

(34m 21s):
I said, great. My Dream, my dream and my Dream, You know? And then we started, it was like a two year process, and you, they show you drawings. And we said to them, well, what are you, how do you want them to sound? And, and they wanted him to be lower pitched and me to have a higher pitched voice. But they said, you're doing guys and dolls, so they should be like Damon Runyon characters. Yeah. You know, in, in the, in the Serengeti. And, and so Ernie was just doing, he does a combination of the, no one will remember a character actor named Wallace Beery. Oh, yeah. Who used to talk like this. Yeah. And then also a little bit of Michael Tso from The Godfather, who's really hard, You know, you're running, You know that.

(35m 9s):
Yep. He does. So he does a combination of that. And I'm just doing a, You know, Brooklyn Jewish me cat, That old thing. That old thing. And yeah. The, that's how sort of how they came to life. And then Ernie used to, this was the big joke, was that we would, we're doing a show eight times a week, and we'd go in to record very early and, You know, we were tired. And so I'd be having coffee, and we're gonna start, and Ernie would just start making fart noises in the middle of, You know, he'd say, Damon, And Just to make me laugh and get me going.

(35m 49s):
And then they put it in the movie, Which Is why Poba is a, You know, the first Flatulent character in a Disney film. So that's literally just screwing around. That was screwing around to make You chuckle. Yes. You know, little, You know, we improvised, they used a little of it. I mean, apparently, I don't even remember half of it, but they apparently, I said, You know, what do you want me to do dress and drag and do with the hula? For some reason, it must have been a long day. And then they made it a song. Now here's where the businessman in me says, you need a piece of that.

(36m 29s):
Yeah. Well, It, and I bet Disney is very easy to negotiate with. Hey, Disney, get him on the phone. Yeah, Yeah. You let me talk to them. Okay. I'll handle It. All right. I've got an in with Disney. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's a Disney guy. Yeah. Big Disney guy. I'm curious about this, because I have a tendency to squish things down. If things are good, I tend to just squish it down. Right? Like, okay, well that was a nice thing that happened, but let's just squish that down Yeah. And put it over here and not think about it. Right. And stick to the work. And it's sort of, kind of a self-flagellating. Again, God knows where this nonsense comes from. I suspect we know. But are you able, I would want this for you.

(37m 13s):
I would want you at this stage to be able to say, wow, God, I've done so much good work, and I am Nathan Lane. Or, or feel some of that. Well, You know, and I think it might be hard for You. Sure. It's funny you say that. I had my, my husband was here visiting, and we had dinner. It was my, I had a birthday recently, and we were sitting there and I, and I said to him, You know, it's taken me a such a long time to say, You know, I've, I really appreciate the, maybe it's age. I just appreciate, I have a lot of gratitude for what I've been able to accomplish with the, You know, so much about luck and opportunity when it, and, You know, as Ina Garden says, be ready when the luck happens.

(37m 57s):
And Yeah. But you, You know, I, I, the, the amount of, of talented writers and actors and directors I've gotten to work with, and, and it's, You know, it's, I'm, I'm very grateful. And, and, and, and it's something to not only be proud of, but just, not that you're resting on your laurels, but you feel like I, You know, I have accomplished something. Yeah. And, and, and then it's meaningful to people. And that, whether it's, You know, the Lion King or the Birdcage, or these, You know, huge, that were huge things in my life. And that it, and they meant something to someone is, You know, means everything.

(38m 37s):
I mean, You know, jumping back to, I was in New York doing the late night show when the producers happened, and it was, it was a cultural phenomenon. Yeah. That Rarely happens. I mean, it was a lightning strike, but it was more than that. It was, there are hits on Broadway, but something happened and everyone agreed that this is the greatest thing that's ever happened in New York City. And it was lovely to be around that. And then I remembered thinking, oh, Jesus, you and Matthew have to walk around and everybody wants a ticket. Every policeman, every guy who's there to open a manhole cover, and they're not gonna buy Nathan that you can't get them a ticket.

(39m 25s):
How, what do you do about That? It was very, the sanitation workers were a big demographic for that shit. But Yeah. You know, that kind of thing. I mean, like, You know, there's Hamilton and either that was sort of another one. Yep, yep. But that was, I think that show was kind of, it was about obviously Mel Brooks, You know? Sure. Yeah. That genius. And Yeah. But it was also kind of a zeitgeist hit, You know, you would come out of a long period of, You know, dark British musicals, and there hadn't been anything that was kind of a, a, a return to old fashioned musical comedy.

(40m 6s):
Unapologetic. Unapologetic, You know, You know, a, a sort of a valentine and yet satirical at the same time. And, and with, You know, one of, arguably one of the greatest comic plots Yes. Ever conceived. Yes. And so We need this thing to fail. We need, which is such a great idea, isn't It? Yeah. It's just the beauty of that. So, You know, and I certainly was this huge fan of, of the film. I, I literally saw the film for the first time in a revival house here in LA and with an audience filled screaming their heads off.

(40m 47s):
And I was like, zero. Ella was, I'd never seen anyone so huge on screen Yeah. Physically and emotionally, and yet truthful Yeah. And gritty and just hilarious. And, and the combination of him and Gene Wilder. And, and so the notion that when all of that started to percolating, I started to hear, I, he's writing a musical, David Geffen is trying to talk him into writing this musical based on the movie. And I thought, well, it is a backstage story and makes sense, You know? And, and then somebody mentioned, You know, they had talked to him about it.

(41m 27s):
And then I was in, this was, this was the weekend. I, I hate to mark it this way, but it was the weekend Princess Diana died. Yeah. Yeah. And my, he wasn't my husband then, but my, my now husband and I were at the Ritz in Paris. We went down to the pool, and in the pool was Mel Brooks and Anne Bancroft, and my husband's favorite actress, Adam Bancroft. And he turned to me and he said, that's Anne Bancroft. He said, I'm too nervous. I can't swim in front of Anne Bancroft. He went upstairs. So I said, okay. And then I, I went to the pool and I had met them. They, this is like the benchmark laughter on the 23rd floor.

(42m 7s):
They came, yeah. They had come to see it because there was a character based on Mel in the play, about which he said, that character based on me, it's a tissue of life. Anyway, they were very Gracious. But I loved it. But I loved it. Yeah. Anyway, he, You know, we, we said hello, and I got in the pool and she, Anne was swimming laps. She left and he stayed in the pool with me, which I thought odd. And then he swam over to me and he said, I'm working on a musical based on my movie, the Producers. And I think you and Marty Short are the only two people in the world to play those parts.

(42m 52s):
And I was like, wow. I said, that would be thrilling. I, I would be so honored. And yeah. And then, You know, time passed, he had to write it with Tom Mann. And then, You know, Marty had just done, You know, brilliantly little me. Yes. He won the Tony and Yep. He spent a lot of time in New York, didn't wanna be away from the family again that long. And so someone brilliantly suggested Matthew Broderick. And, and, and I thought that's an, You know, in some ways that's a better combination. Yes. You know, his energy and my energy as it turned out, it was. And he was, You know, sensational.

(43m 33s):
And, and it was the beginnings of this journey that we took together being in the middle of that tornado. Yeah. And you, you think, oh, You know, You know, you'll never, the, the hype, You know, how can you live up to the hype? The great thing, as you said, You know, all these people, it's Barbara Walters and Kofi Anon are here after the show. You, You know, and you go, really? It's Bishop Desmond Tutu. Loved it. He's coming up the stairs. So You'll go, wow, Mrs. O'Brien is here. Alan Greenspan. Yeah. And, You know, it was like, people like that, you couldn't believe it. But the, the people I loved would be like Harvey Corman Sure.

(44m 14s):
Coming back and saying, when you do that little piece, physical Yeah, yeah. Comedy, and you go, these are people who understand what it is we're doing in a way also, These are people that you watched Yes. When you were A kid. Sure. To me, that was, nothing will ever be more magical than when I get to meet the people that I saw. And sadly, there, there, there aren't many left. Yeah. But I saw them on TV and they made me laugh when I was 8, 9, 10, 12, 15. Sure. And if they noticed me in any way Yeah. And saw what I was doing and liked it, I think, okay, I can, I can die now. Oh, sure. It's not gonna get better than This Tim Conway, You know?

(44m 55s):
Yes. Exactly. I met him. You know, these people you idolized or Carol, I mean, Carol, yeah. Burnett, You know, came back and was like, she got emotional. And she said, You know, this, this reminds me of the old days of what Broadway was like. And it's like, you're, You know, Mel is throwing this huge party and you and Matthew were the hosts. And it's, You know, it just was Yeah. It was that the, the, especially in the beginning that show, You know, the, the joy of it and the, and the, the anarchy of it, like anything could happen. Yeah. Because it had that, You know, that tone to it. Yeah. It's, that's kind of a once in a lifetime thing when that Happens.

(45m 36s):
No, it's not. 'cause I've got a new idea, the sequel Spartacus. Oh, Spartacus the musical. Spartacus the Musical. And I think you're perfect. Not his Spartacus No, I'm his lawyer. You know What, you all can't be called Spartacus. There's a legal issue. So now you're working and it's nice 'cause it's a, it's, you're working with this cast, you're making, it's, it's Multicam.

(46m 19s):
So you're making mid-century modern is, am I correct, Linda Lavin was part of this Yes. And she has since passed. Yes. She has sad I the show Alice is how I got to know Linda Lavin. Sure. That's, Yeah. And that was her iconic TV role. Yes. How much did you work with her? Well, You know, in, in the theater, she is a beloved figure. Tony Award-winning actress. Famously, I, I remember seeing her in Neil Simons play Broadway Bound. She played his mother. And, You know, it's one of the greatest stage performances I've ever seen. And we knew each other just in passing, You know, as a, I was just a fan. And we would see each other occasionally, and I, we'd always say, I hope we get to work together someday.

(47m 4s):
So when this happened, it was, this whole thing has been an incredibly happy experience, a rare thing. And it's all the people who, You know, Jimmy Burrows. Yeah, sure. The director. I've always, again, one of these Jimmy Burrows, one of these guys that, I mean, cheers. Going Back to the Mary Tyler Moore show. Yes. Friends, I mean, taxi. Yep. You know, and it's the Created by Max Mutchnik and David Cohan, who created Will and Grace. Will and Grace. Yep. And they've put together this tremendous writer's room and with Jimmy there and what they're doing, and then just the casting is everything.

(47m 48s):
Yeah. And so, Linda was, I, it's a, that's a, I don dunno, that's another podcast maybe. Right. But it's, it's, it's been, it was tragic and, and, and, and shocking. And, and, and then emotional. And then they took a week, they pushed a week so that they could write an episode that deals with the death of her character. Mm. And also where the show is gonna go going forward. And, and they did a, a beautiful job. And it was overwhelmingly emotional, but she was, you would not believe she was 87 years old. I mean, she was just, and then you put her in front of an audience and, You know, she was, as Jimmy would say, she was with a joke.

(48m 34s):
She was like a heat seeking missile. Yeah. She just, she was just brilliant. There Is, there is that thing, I always heard it about George Burns that when he was, You know, famously almost made it to a hundred, but when he was like 96, they said you could wake him up, he could be sound asleep on an airplane, and you could wake him up and he could do 10 minutes. Like, because that thing doesn't go away, You know? I mean, I know that God knows what'll happen to me, but whenever, if I'm in a coma and any of my writers come by or people come by or, and poke me, I will start doing a bit and then they'll kill me.

(49m 14s):
Yeah, yeah. Then they'll sub. But what is that? I mean, we just, that's, I think doesn't go away. Yeah. No, she was just, I mean, in general, she was a great actress. I mean, she could do drama or comedy, but she was so brilliant at this, this sort of thing. And, and, and we just, it's just been a very happy family. Matt Bower, an actor named Nathan Lee Graham, who are sensational. And Matt, who I, I feel like he's gonna be the, the re revelation for a lot of people, because, You know, he's a big handsome glute, but also a wonderful serious actor. But he's riotously funny. And Yeah. And, and so it's been, it was an ordeal to get through because, and then on top we did this very emotional episode, and we felt like we honored her.

(50m 8s):
And then I started to get vertigo, and I'd had it, since we've done therapy, I thought we'd now get to the Sure. More medical side of my life. I can do that. I can handle that as well. I think it's a zinc deficiency, Isn't it? Always. So I, I, so I had these, I had had this about a year ago, what's called positional vertigo. And then there's a thing called the Epley Maneuver, which, You know, sounds like a bad off Broadway play. The ly maneuver playing at the Village Gate anyway, and it usually goes away after a couple of days and some Dramamine.

(50m 49s):
So this time, I, I, it really hit me. And I went to an ENT, they gave me a cortisone shot, but I'm holding onto walls. And you really, my equilibrium really thrown. And so I Google vertigo and the first thing that comes up is the Dizzy and Vertigo Institute of Los Angeles in Beverly Hills. And the pictures look nice, and they look professional. Never go by the Picture. And I'm, I'm, I'm like a desperate, so I go back and so I make an appointment and I go back to the ENT the next day, Dr. Schnitt. And Dr. Schnitt says, Dr. Schmidt Schnitt says it's not positional, vertigo.

(51m 34s):
And he, and I said, well, I'm going to the Dizzy Institute right after This. This isn't real. Which sounds like Schnitt says it's don't go to the Disney Institute. Like it should be run by Jennifer Coolidge. Yeah, exactly. Right. And so he says, I, that's where I was gonna send you. And I said, great. And so I go, and it's a very, it's a real serious place. And, and, and they were, they were incredible. And they put me through a series of tests, like a NASA astronaut or in a chair, you go upside down all these tests, eye and ear coordination. And, and they said, what you have is called labyrinthitis, which is a, a virus you get in the inner ear.

(52m 18s):
And I got it in the left inner ear, which was causing severe vertigo and nausea. Yeah. And so they put in the ENT, put me on prednisone, and then I had to do a series of exercises, You know, and, and what's called vestibular therapy. And, and we, again, we had to cancel a week so I could get over this. And now we went, did the taping we were supposed to do last week, last night. So How are you feeling now? A little dizzy. No, I feel, I picture when you go to the Dizzy Institute, all the furniture's made of rubber. I said like, every, You know, anywhere you fall, it's your, you're fine.

(53m 1s):
I said, I told this to Tina, I ran into Tina Fey. Yeah. I told her about the Dizzy Institute. She said, you don't want to go to that parking garage. It's a very dangerous Crash Smash. Anyway, it's, yeah, no, thankfully, thankfully, I, I feel great and it's, yeah, I made a recovery, but it was a, it's a weird thing. Yeah. Yeah. It's, but it's been, it's, it's, You know, my, I have a dicey history with the multi camp. I, the first one most people do. The first one was not my fault was Mickey Rooney's series called One of the Boys, Dana Carvey.

(53m 42s):
And I did, I'm sure, yes. You've discussed this with him. It comes up occasionally. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. I was the biggest star in the world. Yeah. 1940. Yeah. Bang Zoom. I heard it all. But that was 13 and out. And then I did an episode of Frazier, and I was nominated for an Emmy, and they said, You know, If you ever want to do this, we, we'd love to develop something for you. I said, okay. They had won the Emmy five years in a row, we did. Was not the right fit. 13 and out. Then I did a show writer from, for CBS, Jeff Richman, an old friend. Yep. Wonderful writer from Modern Family. He wrote a show, You know, did not, did not work out.

(54m 26s):
And, and no, you didn't really get much support from Les Moonves. Right. Salt of the Earth Les Moonves. So, so, You know, I was like, that's, it's just never gonna work out for me. That's fine. You know, I tried, You know, it's, it's, it's a miracle when those, when friends or those things come together that way. Yes. And this time, I have to say working with, but these are the best of the best. Yep. Jimmy Burrows is standing there with an eye for comedy. That's, You know, it's incredible in how he's, they're putting this all together and the writers and the thing, and you're like, I can't believe this. And it feels like, and I love these people, and it's, and that's really important at this point in my life.

(55m 9s):
Yes. That, that we're, we're, as Marty says, it's about the hang Oh, You know, they're, they're an example on like, when I did only murders in the building, they set the tone. Yeah. Like, you feel good about going to work and Yes. And having fun. No one and doing good work. Those are all people that the minute it starts to get unpleasant. They're all gonna walk. And you're in that category too. There's no reason at this point for unpleasantness. I, I, I mean, that's why I adore doing this. It's not a volume business. We're not cranking out, I'm not talking to three people a night, five nights a week. Right. 40 nights a year. This is people that I love, that I really want to talk to and have a real conversation with and get to know a little better.

(55m 54s):
And if this started to turn into, oh God, I, I don't wanna know. You kinda have to because they're moving. Okay, well they're being real difficult. Alright. No, no. There's no reason anymore. Yeah. Yeah. And you get, and in this format you are getting something else. Yes. People are more relaxed. This is nice. This is, this is a real much more real conversation than, You know, in front when you're playing to an audience. Yes. You know, I wanna wrap this up because I have to, and we've gone much longer than we normally do, which is always an indication that I'm having the time of my life. And, oh, I, I have one wish for you is that I, when I brought up a little while ago in the interview, are you able to own sort of what you've achieved?

(56m 41s):
You said, well, I've been very lucky and I da da da. And I say, yes, that's all true. And that's the great perspective to have. But you're also a crazily talented person who has integrity and you're a very sensitive person and you have made this happen. And I, I just wanna leave that little nugget with you and hope that you can hang onto it and then go hate yourself five minutes from now. Thank you. Thank you. I, yeah. Well, will you be my friend? No, no, no. Just, Just, just No, I don't see it. I really don't see an upside. I don't see an upside, You know? I know, I thought I was what's pushing it? The, but You know, I was just going by the title of the podcast.

(57m 22s):
No, It's a, it's a fucking gimmick. God bless you. And thank you. Bless You. Thank you so much. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sono of Cession and Mac Worley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes, incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aren Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick, talent Booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Con.

(58m 6s):
You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.

(58m 21s):
You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan.

(58m 27s):
And If you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded.