
I got a lot of holiday shopping to do. I'm way behind. Way behind. Yeah, Me too. You know, Macy's gift guide has curated all of Macy's for all things holidays to help you prepare for the season ahead. This helps me. Me too. Because I can go to one place. Like I haven't gotten my wife anything. I I might not, I never get her anything. Oh, that's not nice. Well, I sort of feel like, Hey, you're married to me, Yippy. Oh God. It's your prize Anyway. Definitely get her the nicest gifts. Definitely the nice, No, this is a good idea. You shop curated lists and editors picks for under $25, under $50. Even Lux gift ideas. It's all been curated for you. They do the brain work, so you don't have to. That's helpful. Cold weather essentials you need and the gifts to pick up now, like beauty and fragrance gift sets. Cute family pajama sets. I want cute family pajama sets. Hint, hint. No holiday candy. Much, much more. Shop at macy's dot com.


It's officially sock season, otherwise known as Bombas season. That's right. The cushiest most pillowy socks. That also double is the best holiday gift. But don't be surprised if you end up keeping a few cozy things for yourself. You ever do that Sona? I Love Bombas socks. And, I. I also love all the other stuff that they do, the underwear and stuff like that. I like it. It's perfect. And a perfect time of year for Bombas. Yeah. I want socks. I want underwear. That's, I don't know. It's got my back. You know what I'm saying? It's, it's holding me. It's caressing me. What? It went too far. What? No. Bombas. I'm wearing 'em right now. They're fantastic. So ready to feel good and do good. Head over to Bombas dot com slash Conan and use code Conan for 20% off your first purchase. That's Bombas. B-O-M-B-A s.com/ Conan. Code Conan at checkout.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hi. Hi Ra. Welcome to Conan O'Brien. Needs a fan? Hi Ra. How are you? Hi Conan. Hi Matt. Hi Sona. Nice to see you. Hi. Nice To see you too. Your Hair is very beautiful. I love the way your hair is comes down. It's, it's, that's very cool. It frames your face beautifully. I, I just got it done. Oh, well. I wish I had done something to my hair. My hair is being crushed right now by a headset. Yeah. Your hair is iconic. Thank You. Oh, come on.


It's true. Well, you, you what you, I like Ra You are right. That doesn't mean a compliment, just necessarily. No, no, you're right. Iconic doesn't always mean good. You know, you Ted Bundy was an iconic killer. Yeah. But I think the swoop of your hair is iconic. Thank you so much. It, I think of it as a wave, a strawberry wave. Yeah. But I think please Think it's, it's very hard to achieve. Yes. Very hard to achieve. And women very drawn to me because of the swoop of my hair. Don't you think? Ra Hello Ra. Is this connection still going to ra? You still there? It's, it's still going. I'm still there. Okay, great. Well, you didn't really answer the question But anyway.


Avoided Completely. Yeah. Very nicely done. Ra ra. I, I have it here. That You are from Rabat Morocco. Is that true? Yes. Is that where you were born? Yes. I was born in Rabat, Morocco, but now I am residing in Paris. You're Living in Paris, but you go back to Morocco a great deal. Yes, I am going the day after tomorrow. Oh. To, for a vacation. And actually tomorrow I'm passing my master's thesis. Whoa. Wow. And Well, maybe, maybe, oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, What? Who says tomorrow I'm passing a test? You don't say that.


Ra you say, you know, I, with, I hope, I hope if the spirits are with me, that tomorrow I pass the test. No, but it, it's not a test. It's a presentation of my thesis. So you've already not really a test. What, what's your Thesis on? I am studying. I studied architecture in Morocco. And I came here for a master's in computational design and architecture. Wow. So tomorrow I'll have, I'll have to present my thesis, my final thesis for an internship that I did in Paris. Here in Paris. Well, you sound very impressive.


And I. Hope you pass. Thank You again. I'm gonna say that I don't like all this. Well, tomorrow I win the game. I just think that he is asking for trouble. Okay. Esra, I'm gonna talk to you as if for, for purposes of, of our conversation. Yeah. That mor it's all about Morocco. Is that okay with you? Yes. It's all about Morocco. Cool. Okay. Let the deception begin. Now, tell me a little bit, do you have family, you have probably have a lot of family and friends in, in Rabat. Is that true? Yes. Well, since I was born and raised in Rabat, I studied in Rabat. I do have a lot of friends there.


And, I. All my family is is in Rabat, Morocco. Yeah. Now I don't know much about robot. What's the, when you think Morocco? Yes. I don't immediately think Ofat. And that's on me because I just, I don't know as Much. You, you think of Marrakesh, I guess I think of Marrakesh probably. Yes. Is Casablanca in Morocco? Yes. Yes. Casablanca? Yes. Casablanca. It's pretty near Rabba actually. And so do people in Rabat have an attitude like, Hey, enough about Marrakesh, enough about Casablanca? Let's hear more about Rabat. Is that, is that something that people, okay. Do you have a chip on your shoulder about robot? Actually, the rest of Morocco, think of us people from robot as being, as far from being down to earth as possible.


It's probably because we are the capital of, of the, of the country. And so always people think that we're not down to earth. And somewhat and somewhat we are arrogant. There is also another stereotype that we gave. We give false directions. If someone is asking us about the direction of the street, well, I don't know why on purpose. Wait a minute, swear. When people ask me, I try to give good directions. But, But, but wait a minute, but maybe I don dunno Know where this comes from. Okay. But that might, first of all, the first thing you said to me, you say, oh, I'm from Rabat. And there's this idea that we're arrogant. The first thing you said to me is tomorrow I pass my big test, which is a very arrogant thing to say.


It's, and then I asked you, where robot do you live? And you went, oh, go down there and take a left. And then a right. Swear. So it's possible. It's swear, it was just a technicality Ra It's possible that you're a very arrogant person and you just don't know it. God, it's No, no, no, no. I swear I'm Not an I'm kidding. Arrogant person. I'm kidding. I'm, I'm, I'm And I. When people ask me, when people are not from about, and they ask me about directions, I try my best to give them. I'm the good directions. I I really don't know where this stereotype comes from. I'm not sure either. But ra, I, I do believe you, you seem like a good and kind person. And maybe it's other people. Sometimes it's just a few bad apples that give Yes.


You know, the whole capital a bad name. There might be a couple of people in, in robot walking around giving bad directions and acting like they're all that in a bag of Cheeto chips, you know? Sorry, that's a common Absolutely. That's a common phrase here in America now. It's not. It's used by the street youth. Nobody, Nobody uses That. Yeah. Pretty common. Cheeto Chips, Please. Hey, hey, Sona, get outside a little bit. Okay. Okay. And maybe, and maybe talk to some people outside your bubble anyways. Would you like a Cheeto chip? It's never been said. Cheeto chip are, you're all that in a bag of Cheeto chips. Guys, this, I call this an unproductive cul-de-sac.


I'm sorry. I know. We just want make sure everybody Heard that we're here talking to Ra from robot Morocco, who seems very cool. You seem very smart, you're clearly very well educated and you seem like a very cool person. And I. wanna learn more about you? If I came to robot, if I came to Morocco, would there be any way that I could be of help to you? Is there anything I can do for you? I, I really don't think of, of you being of help. To me, There's that otten arrogance. I love It. You are so arrogant. Maybe I could teach you to come down to earth a little bit. I Just, I just wanna finish my sentence.


I was thi when I think of you coming to Morocco, I think of all the places I wanna show you. Oh, like What, what would you show me? Yeah. I, well, me, I think studying architecture for, so for like, for so long in Reba, I had the opportunity to go to a lot of historical places and monuments. And, I. I think I have some knowledge that I would like to share with you about my city. And. I Will, I want you to discover the people of Ofat, all of the monuments, the culture, the food, especially the food you would Love. Okay. Let's talk, let's talk more specifically, because this is very nice.


But I wanna make sure that I have an experience that just not any tourist can have. Do you know what I mean? And look, there are, okay. What you're describing right now is, oh, I'll show you around some monuments and some architecture, and I'll show you some of the food I would really wanna focus on. You know, what, what specifically could we do that would be special and fun? Well, it's, I don't, I, I'm just thinking of a lot of experiences relating to food, because food is very important. Sure. Our culture. Sure. So maybe you would like try and eat street food or not. Like, not in a, in a classy restaurant for, for se.


But go and try the, the food that's in the very small streets that not, not particularly tourists will go to. So, So what kind of, Yeah, maybe try the local. So want you want me to go and experience some food that other tourists aren't having That's in small streets. Yeah. Probably small streets. Yeah. Small streets. What kind of food are we talking about? Describe the food to me. So There is a lot of, like, there is like sandwiches with, with a lot of spicy meats. And there is also, how do I put this delicately?


Like the, it's basically the feet of cows or, or sheep. And it's cooked. And you can, you can eat the meat that's there. I'm Sorry, that's not my, I'm you're talking about the hoof. The hoof, Yeah, the hoof. That's the word. That's just a big, isn't the hoof just a big toenail? What. Is. It. What is the hoof? Are you talking about the leg? That's No, like The whole leg. Yeah. Oh, the Whole leg. I thought just the foot. The hook. The whole leg. I won't eat a hook. I, I I took an oath. No, no, no, no. Don't worry. A long time ago. I'm, I'm, I'm very, and I'm, I have a bumper sticker on my car that says I don't eat hook.


Hey, no matter where you're headed this holiday season, the trip goes better with a cup of delicious coffee, doesn't it? It sure does. I need it. That is my real fuel I. know that the car needs its fuel. I need mine. It's the old Java, the old cup of mud up and then you drink your coffee. Yeah. Best cup of coffee on the road from my money pilot travel centers. It's just what you need to bring a little joy to the journey this season. And best of all, you can save $1 on coffee now through the end of the year. Here's what you do. Download the My Rewards Plus app and save the offer. Come back every week to save $1 off any size coffee, all season long. And if you've never been to a pilot, don't miss their cold brews with options like Brazilian or cinnamon roll. Oh my god, that sounds good. You're bound to discover a new favorite. You can make and customize your coffee just the way you like it. Then get to where you're going for the holidays. So stop in for $1 off coffee when you use the My Rewards Plus app at Pilot. Pilot. See you out here. Offers available for a limited time only terms and conditions apply. See my rewards plus mobile applications for details.


FedEx doesn't know your small business yet. Hey, whatever your business FedEx knows, the last thing you wanna worry about is complex shipping. Yeah. You know what I mean? When it's like, wait, which of benign different categories of shipping is this? Who needs that in their life? I don't. That's why there's FedEx One rate. Sona. Did. you know that with FedEx one rate you can ship your holiday package cheaper than the post office. I didn't know that. Sorry. Post office. I'm a patriotic American, but FedEx got you beat on this one. Send packages as low as $14 and 50 cents for small boxes. It's simple, it's reliable, it's predictable With FedEx one rate, you'll know your business is shipping costs ahead of time. That's nice. I love that. Guessing and stressing not included when you use FedEx one rate so you can spend less time on shipping and more time on what really matters. Growing your business. Sona, you gotta get a business and start growing it. Okay. Visit fedex.com/one rate for details exclusion. Supply valid. Ten six twenty four through 1 19 25 FedEx one rate two day retail shipping. One flat rate.


Well, Christmas is over. That means New Year's coming up fast. Okay. For that stretch between Christmas and New Year's, make sure you're as cozy as possible at home with Macy's. That's nice. You know, 'cause this is a tricky time of year. There's this gap between Christmas and New Year. And, I. Think Macy's has got it figured out. Macy's has all the things you need to treat yourself to some cozy winter comfort. Like fresh new bedding, warm throw blankets. Do you have any throw blankets in your house? I I have so many. Yeah. Maybe too many. Yeah. And I could always use More. I just have blankets that I throw. But I don't know that they're throw blankets or beauty items for a spa day at home. Celebrate the new year in comfort with Macy's. Shop at macy's dot com or come in store.


This is an ad from BetterHelp. BetterHelp is improved therapy, making it affordable and convenient. And now it's even better. 'cause when you sign up for BetterHelp online therapy between December 3rd and fifth, you get one free month. That's incredible. So take a breather from the hectic nature of the holiday season. Pause and take care of yourself with a month of free therapy. Holidays are a stressful time. The changeover of the years stressful time. Yep. BetterHelp is a really good idea. So visit BetterHelp dot com slash Conan between December 3rd and fifth to sign up and receive. This is cool. One free month of online therapy. That's better. HE p.com/ Conan valid for new US customers only.


We also eat snails. Okay. We also eat snails. So you can eat snails there. It's, it's popular in the street foods like with a soup or stew. And there is just a bunch of snails that you could eat. Oh. And There's a bunch of snails that I could eat with The, with the shell Or do they d Oh, no, no, No, no. With the shell you take It's cooked with With the shell. No, you take It's cooked with The shell. Yes. Yes. It's cooked with the shell. But you take it out out. You dip it out. Yeah. Have you not, I mean, you haven't even Seen His bumper sticker where he says he doesn't eat the shells. I says, I don't eat hoof And I won't eat the shell. Also, I was curious about how they prep it. Do they pull it out and then they boil the snails?


But no, No. They're boiled in the, They boil It. It's Like an, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not fancy like You are Conan. No, no. I've just been in the world a little bit. I'm sorry. I occasionally leave Altadena and I see things. So I'm, I'm, this sounds good. I mean, I like to try different foods. And I. Don't know if you saw my episode of Hot ones. Talk about iconic. Yes. Yes. But I am, I, spices don't bother me. I can eat anything. I can eat a bank safe that's covered in the hottest chili peppers. Nothing. Nothing. Of course. I'm just, I Just wanna know the aftermath of No, you don't. No, no. I was, let's put it this way.


I was sued by my toilet. It's very rare in the United States for a toilet, an inanimate porcelain toilet to sue a human being. But I was sued by my toilet. And the case is pending. The toilet's gonna be in the witness box. You have no idea. The little flap going up and down. You have no idea. There's a Netflix True Crime series coming out on it Next. Yeah. Called Toilet Busters features. Kona, what I'm hearing is what you're, maybe what you're getting to is you wanna know where are the clubs? Are you gonna take 'em to the clubs? Would you, would you take me out to the clubs? Yes, of course. Okay. Do you go to the clubs? Of course. I would take you back.


Inba not much Here. You don't go to the clubs much in Rabat. Yeah. Yeah. Well, let's, we're talking about, but The clubs, it's, it's more like Marrakesh. There are a lot of better clubs. So we can go, we can go to Marrakesh. Oh, oh. So suddenly, suddenly you're all about robot. Suddenly. But then when it's time to go to the clubs, you say we have to go to Marrakesh. 'cause that's where it's at. No, But I'm, I'm just, I'm just stating the facts. Clubs in, in Marrakesh or better. Oh, So I've always heard that. I've always heard when people say to me, yeah, so do you want to go to a hit the clubs in Robot or Marrakesh? I always say, dude, Marakesh, you go no Mars all the way. Yeah. How would I, how would I do in the clubs in Marrakesh? Just in terms of would people, would people embrace me?


Would we have a good time? I don't mean physically embrace me. And, and of course that can't happen. I've been told lawyers, but, but if I go into the clubs, would people be happy to see me? Would they, what would happen if I went to a club? Yes, of Course. Of course. Well, I don know, Of course, like the, the vibes there are just, the people there are very nice, they're very hospitable. So I think everyone would embrace you, whether it's in Reba, Marrakesh, Casablanca, everywhere. In Morocco, you would be met with open arms. That's very nice. I like that. I like it. Sometimes I encounter, you know, people who are hostile or who find me physically abhorrent.


But, but I like it when people are friendly. That's very nice. No, I think people are very friendly in Morocco. Even if they, even if people don't speak English, they will try and communicate with you with whatever they can. So people are very friendly. But in, I think in the big cities such as AK Casablanca or, or Marrakesh, a lot of people speak now English. So I don't think you would have a problem with communicating with other people. Yes. Well, that's good to know. And, and tell me, what are you, what are your plans for the future? What do you aspire to ra? You know, what, what's, what's the big picture for ra?


Okay, so, well now, we'll with just finish finishing up my master's, I'm looking for a job, ideally in Paris. So I think maybe for the next five years, I'm planning to stay in Paris and see I, don't know, see what life has for me. But in the long run I'll probably go back to my country. You can go back, back in the long run. Yeah. Yeah. What, what do, what is your favorite thing to do when you go home to Morocco? You're gonna visit your parents, obviously, your family. Yes. What do you like to do? What are some of the things that, that you enjoy? Maybe I could well go along with you on one of those.


I, I eat a lot of food. Yeah. So if you come to Morocco, I, I bet You are gonna gain like five pounds and aft other thing that I like to do is I like to go to hair salons and spas. Oh. Because here in France, it's very expensive. Right. While in Morocco you can get the same quality of service with a fraction of the price. So I like to get my nails done. My hair like to have like a, a relaxing spa day. And I. Think based on your remotes. I think you enjoy spa days. I do. I went with Steven Yon. You do? To a, to a spa. Yeah. That's my favorite remote, by the way. Yes. Well, And I, it was, it was a good time.


In Morocco, we have a similar experience with the scrubbing. Oh. So I could get a scrubbing in Morocco. Yeah. You can get a scrubbing in a, in a, we call it a em, you can get a scrubbing and a massage. The massage is just for, for men. Us women, we do not get, we just get a scrub. We Wait, don't women get massages? Why? Why do women not get massages? Because the massages for men are very violent. They're not a relaxing Experience. Wait a minute. Oh no. So hold on a second. Youre, you're saying that I could come to Morocco, you would take me to a spa where you would invite me to have a violent massage?


Yes. When you say violent, what do you, how violent, Because you said you wanna try an authentic experience. And, I'm not gonna take you to a fancy spa, like a typical spa where you get I don that I don't want that. I wanna have the real experience. So yes. So the real experience are these public baths all over the country. while you can go and you can have like a scrub and a, it's like a, it's the person that gives you a massage. They think they're a chiropractor for some reason. So they like to just like crack all of your body. All of your bones. Yes. Oh, that sounds, that I. Don't think that's a massage.


That sounds like, no, no. That sounds like I'm gonna be lured into a room and they're gonna beat the shit out of me. Yeah, that's that's what you're describing. Interrogation. Yeah. That's, That's more like it. Okay. Well that sounds fun. But you, you'll come out, you'll come out of it very like relaxed and relieved and you can have Well, Yeah. Relieved that it's over afterwards. That tends to happen when a beating, when you, when you stop beating someone, they're quite relieved that the, the beating is over. And so what about afterwards? You get to enjoy a mint tea. So a mint tea or you Earned it. Okay. So after my violent beating at the hands of these men, yes. I'm going to have a mint tea. All. right. Well that sounds like something we could do together.


I would like to go to a spa with you. Okay. Because, okay, perfect. You know, I, I am very tense. A tense person. Okay. I have a lot of tension in my shoulders. You've always noticed that. Yes. You do. I carry my shoulders very, very. It's Like a, it's like A rock concrete. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of dense, dense muscle. Very muscular man. Oh, I wasn't talking about muscle. That's kind Way's. Talking about the tension. Well, Either way. Nos too muscular either anxiety, Completely different thing. Yeah. I know a lot of, Not much. I didn't feel that much Built up. Shoulders, muscles. Not at all. Sedentary muscle, shoulders. Is there a lot of muttering into microphones in ribon? Just curious if that's a thing. Well, listen, I think this sounds really fun.


And. I. Like you, I do hope that we cross paths at some point. You seem like a very nice person. I hope that too. You and I know I was kidding around a lot at the beginning. But I know that you're going to do great tomorrow. You're going to, you're going to thank You so Much. You're going to get your degree. It's going to go very well. And I'm happy for you. And I thank you. I, you seem like a very cool person. So we'll see what happens. Thank you so much. We'll see what happens. But okay. You never know. Maybe one of these days you And I'll be roaming the streets of robot going into very small alleys. Eating. That would be the dream. Eating very, very spicy food. And then going to a room where men will beat me to death.


That sounds like a good time. Sounds perfect. Followed by a mint tea. Sounds good. All. right. Well, thank you so much. It was really good talking to you. Okay, thank You so much. Bye Bye-Bye bye. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley. Produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer, Aaron Blad, associate talent producer, Jennifer Samples, associate producers, Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez. Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash Conan.


Please rate review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan wherever fine podcasts are down. Hey, fidelity, what's it cost to invest with the Fidelity app? Start with as little as $1 with no account fees or trade commissions on US stocks and ETFs. Hmm. That's music to my ears. I can only talk. Investing involved risk including risk of loss. Zero account fees apply to retail brokerage accounts. Only $0 commission applies to online US equity trades and ETFs and retail fidelity accounts Seller order assessment fee not included. Some account types and securities excluded. Details of fidelity.com/commissions. Fidelity Brokerage services, LLC member N-Y-S-E-S-I-P-C.


Hi. We're all modern. We believe designing your space should be easy and simple at all modern. We have the best of modern furniture and decor all in one place. With styles from Scandy and mid-century to minimalist and maximalist. Every design is hand vetted for quality by our team of experts. And did we mention fast plus free shipping? That means you can upgrade your space in days, not weeks. That's modern made simple. Shop now at all. modern.com.