
Your next crime family Sock Obsession is coming this March to Paramount Plus Mob Land, an explosive new series from the underworld of Guy Ritchie Stars, Tom Hardy Pierce Brossman and Helen Meen go inside the Harrigan crime family who will stop at nothing to ensure they come out on top in a war that threatens to topple empires and destroy lives. New series Mob Land streaming March 30th on Paramount Plus.


How hot do you like it? Firehouse Subs is churning up the heat. They've teamed up with hot ones to create two new sandwiches. The zesty garlic hook and ladder is the milder option. Can you believe that? Those still packed with flavor. And for the bravest spice chasers, the spicy dill hook and ladder sandwich is sure to be a three alarm ion. Well, Sona bla. You guys sampled the wares today. We did. You had yourself those hook and ladder sandwiches. How were they? They Were great. And they had a kick. Yeah, They did. I, I did the zesty garlic hook and ladder. Oh. And, and I loved it. I took a walk in the wild side with the spicy dill hook and ladder, and it was great. I loved It. Well, I'm glad you guys enjoyed yourselves. Find out how hot you like it. Try the zesty garlic and spicy deal, hook and ladder at Firehouse Subs. For a limited time, life doesn't go on forever. You gotta grab the moment, dude. Visit Firehouse subs.com to find a restaurant near you. Individuals sensitive to spice or the Carolina Reaper Pepper should not consume this spicy dill hook and ladder. Limited time at participating Firehouse Subs. Restaurants.


Hi, my name is Nicholas Holt, and I feel truly happy about being Con O'Brien's friend. Fall Is here. Back to school. Ring Bell loose. Hey there. Welcome to Colonel O'Brien. Needs a friend joined by Sono of Cession. Hi Sona. Hi. You've done coughing. It was a lot of coughing. I'm, I always have to clear my throat. My grandfather used to say, it's not the cough that carries you off.


It's the coffin they carry you off in. Oh, fun guy. Anyway, then he'd say goodnight and shut the door. We have to go to sleep. Matt, how are you Matt Gourley. I'm good. How are you? I'm good. I have a little pet peeve. Oh, my pet peeve is that sometimes we gather around these mics, these microphones, these holy transmitters of our wise words. And we're supposed to do a podcast and then you guys start yammering mostly. I think we know who the criminal is here at Sona. Yeah. You'll start yammering about something and we haven't begun. And you're like, yeah. Before we get started. And you'll yammer sometimes for 20 minutes. And I'm thinking, why aren't we making this the podcast? Why can't you control yourself?


This Is part of my process. Oh, I'm sorry. Marlon Brando. I didn't realize you were Wait, I am. You have a process. I have a prod. This is my, can I say something though? I think you always forget, out of the three of us, I am the least professional. Never Forget that. Oh, okay. Never for seconds. Think sometimes you forget. Do I forget that you are an an unprofessional person? Yes. Okay. So a total Loose cannon. Sometimes You might forget that you're Cuckoo in the cabeza. So You might forget that sometimes It's Never, never Left. Might, sometimes you might forget it. Never ever. I, I never forget that. And so what All I'm saying is there are times where I'm thinking we're here, we're here to, to do our, our job, which we also love.


It's fun. But you'll start Gavin and Gavin and Gavin. And I'll say, well, why don't we just say, Hey, welcome to Colonel O'Brien needs a friend and we can, whatever this is, we can talk about what you're talking about. And you'd be like, hold on, I'm not done yet. What Did he just say? What did he just say earlier? When just snap. Shut The fuck up. Monetize it or monetize it. Or Shut, shut the fuck up. Yes. I do think You know it. I know. Maybe that was, You know. Okay. Sorry, go ahead. No, no. Please continue. I think You know. Okay. La la la la la. We have to like talk when the microphones are on, but sometimes I just wanna catch up with you guys because I'm, I'm actually your friends. No, no, no, no. You we're Friends.


No, no. And sometimes it's okay to just, we're catch Up. We're in, when we're in this room, everything must be monetized. Everything Must Adam, help me out here. When we're in this room, everything must, You know, is, is part of the product. The Team Coco, then I offer a suggestion, especially if it's coming from Sona, that she should be paid more because the product is being monetized is primarily hers. Ding ding. Well, I didn't say that. I don know what that said. I did not say that. Do you wanna weigh in? That does not Represent me. I agree with you that it's a waste. Yes. It's inefficient for there to be conversation happening off mic. But I, Michael and soda's defense. Yes. I think you're often guilty of the same thing, which is Telling Stories, chatting when we're not actually recording.


So I agree with you in theory. But Adam, I have to say, I think that it's not just Sona. I love you Adam. And can I say something to what? To bounce off of what Adam just said. Can we just let this moment sit? Yeah, No, I, because I have something to add To it. I, I invited Adam. He sits way in the corner. Yeah. He's over there. Yeah. Calculating, scheming. Yeah. And Waiting and Scheming. Yeah. And I bring him over into this holy, holy area of the table with the mics. And I, he and, and then you stabbed me. He Crucified. Threw My Toga. I crucified you. He Crucified me. I Just have to be, I just have to be my honest self. I just have to, I have to be true to myself.


And that's, that's the truth. So you think sometimes I spin a yarn after we're done? Well, now I hate to do this, but can I add on? Most of the time when you do that, it is un monetizable. Yeah. Good. 'cause it cannot go public. That's true. I tell some real corks. Did you just get on me last episode about using the phrase cock of the walk and you just used corks? I tell, You know, sometimes I A real lulu, Sometimes I lay out a real lulu of a story. No, I, I, I do tell some stories that are not for public consumption because maybe they include a name and I, I don't like to sell people, You know, sell people out.


But, and so we have some delicious conversations in here. Hmm. But yeah, I guess I'm guilty of the same thing. But I, I do think Matt's right though a a lot. I, I think you are usually thoughtful about If you're gonna tell a story that is appropriate for the podcast, you will save it for the podcast. Okay. What I'm saying, Sona, is that I want, don't, how dare you, Harum. I was just bre I was breathing. That was not breathing. That was a harrumph. If that's, or else you have emphysema worried about I'm breathing. I think all those years in the, the coal mine have hurt you. I believe Sona, that you should be a little more disciplined here about your work. And you should tell your tails into the microphone Off of what Adam just said.


How often during, when we were taping the show, did you hold up rehearsal? 'cause you were noodling on your guitar so much. And isn't that kind of the same thing? We both have a process. We do. Oh my god. You know what? That's a fair point. Oh my God. There are, I wanna say over there are 28 years of, of, there's 28 years where I'm making late night television. And I think there may be easily 2000 hours Oh my god. Of me playing whatever guitar song I wanna play that day while people in headsets desperately try to get me to rehearse a sketch. Yeah. What was even the conversation that you were supposed to save for the mic? We don't even know it. We Don't even know anymore.


I don dunno what I even say. I don't remember. Look, It's just 'cause I let you You don't like it when I have a good time. Sometimes It is true. When sonas having joy, I feel like I'm having a heart attack. Yeah. When Sonas experiencing true joy, I have all the symptoms of a major aortic aneurysm. It Does feel like before you enter the room, we have to hurry up and get our catchup sessions. That's right. We do. Yeah. Just otherwise you're gonna yell at us. We talked About a lot in about seven minutes before you walked in today, we, What did you see? So you guys are afraid before I come in the room that once I show up, I'm gonna shut everything down. Right. You're Gonna monetize our little anecdotes about how we've been and what we've been doing over the past.


That's exactly what I would do. This is a bigger conversation about how you, the work environment you've created Yeah. And how we can't comfortably speak. So I'm glad you brought this Up.


Can I just say that if someone is struggling in a situation like this, BetterHelp Oh God is probably, oh my God. With BetterHelp, you can get online counseling. Fucking thumbs up. Come on Adam. No, I'm wrong. It's not wrong. I'm just saying just use offer code. Con it. Yeah. Oh my God. Yeah. Exactly. And You know what wrap you can, you can, if a if a therapist isn't a good fit, you can cut off that session right away. And it's no hassle to start another one.


This is kind of like us having Miller time and it, You know, it's like Miller time. You know how it's like Miller time when, when you, when you're a bunch of buddies standing around and You know what you want when you're with buddies. You want beer that tastes like beer. Do You know what I mean? Oh my God. You know what you've done to our friendship? You've fractured it. Yes. There's a blast. Jesus. There's a blast from the past.


If you are unhappy, you should check out LinkedIn jobs. They have a B2 B model.


Yes. Okay. We just made, yep. $88 worth it. Oh my God. All right you guys, my guest today starred in the Hulu series of the Great, now you can see him in the new movie, Nosferatu. I'm very excited he's here. He's incredibly talented. Nicholas Holt, welcome. Have we started? Is this it? Yes, this is it. Yeah. I was thinking about friendship on the drive here. Were you really? Yeah. Well, I was thinking about how LA's quite a lonely town in many ways. Anyway, we don't have to get into it too. Well, no, we Should Because you live in LA now. Yeah. Well, We're technically down in Long Beach.


Yeah. So, yeah. Oh, at LBC. Oh, I've lived whichever one in for 20 years. Oh, whereabout in Belmont Shore. You live so close to me. I'm on Naples. Oh my God. I lived in Naples for a little bit too. Oh my gosh. I to be friends. Yes. I I was gonna ask you that. Hello? This relieved. You're dismissed. I'm gonna go have a coffee. You still Live in Belmont? Where? What are you I live in Pasadena now, but I Oh, you went the wrong way. Okay. Friendship. Friendship, man. It was Friendship, cancer. He wanted to get farther away from the water and closer to the sun. I know. And just be miserable. I do like pa Well, there's a Huntington Library and Gardens. Yeah. You wanna be friends? Well, we don't go there anymore because it's too far now. So I understand if, I think If You interview completely, Basically I'm here looking for friends.


What are you kind, You'd be an amazingly cool friend to have. Yeah. I have to say, I am a massive fan of yours. Thanks. And I, I, you seem like a very normal, healthy person. And I'm sure you don't love compliments Ladled on you. No, you do. I always liked your work. Oh, you do? Okay. That's, well, then you're like, well, first time I saw you was in, in About A Boy, which is a such a great film. And you were so good in that movie with Hugh Grant. And, and it holds up. I think I've watched it many times since then. It's one of those movies whenever it's on I Love You in It. I love the story. I love Hugh Grant. It's just so well done. I love the soundtrack, blah, blah, blah. And then I, I saw you kill it in many roles and then you started doing the great with El Fanning.


Yeah. Yeah. And my eyeballs fell outta my head because I, I thought Nicholas Holt is one of the funniest actors alive. You are so good. Oh, in that role. Yeah. And here's the thing. You're walking this insane line of a terrible murderer who, You know, who is constantly on the verge of killing his wife. And by today's standards just an inhuman barbarian and incredibly likable. Yeah. And I thought, what, what kind of Juno move is that? But I loved your character in that. I thought you were absolutely hilarious in that, in That role, it was a dream of a role because Tony McNamara's writing is so smart.


And that was the thing, I kind of discovered that character along the way as everyone else did. Because he, he wrote the favor as well. Yep. That I was in. And, and then after that he said, oh, I've got this other script. And it was, it was at that point, a feature script for, for the great, and I'd worked with Elle before. He said he was gonna ask Elle to play Catherine. And she's wonderful as, as You know. Yeah. And, and I knew I had a fantastic time working with her previously. So I was excited about all the components. And then he turned it into a show. But when we started shooting, we only had like a couple of episodes of two or three episodes. So then it was kind of as we went, we would get more of the episodes as we shot. So it was kind of like, I'd read it and I'd be like, oh, this is terrible. Very funny, but terrible. Yes. Horrible character. Right. Who, who's just punched his wife and all these things. But then, but then you'd start to eek out all the things that made him human and tick and the way, the way that the way he is and, and how ridiculous he is in very humorous ways.


So it was kind of, it was definitely all down to him, his writing, basically. Well, Okay. Yes, great writing, but I thought you and Elle together one of my favorite couples I've seen on TV in memory. And, and also we Had the best time. You, Well, you could tell, you guys have such a great chemistry, but also Huzzah became, I I think Huzzah, you put Huzzah on the map. It's back. It's Huzzah is back. Oh, huzzah. And, and also just that self-assurance, constantly obsessed with your cock and sex. And, and, and I said, I just got, I'm just watching this and thinking, is this the segue?


I know. Is this this in your journal again? Yes. Yeah. No, but just like Cock was so aggressive. Yes. It's a very aggressive word. It's A very aggressive word. Strong sounds. Yeah, it Is. But but also just this kind of musing about sex and what he's going to do next. And just like, it was just hilarious British And a fist. It's hilarious. A real foodie. Yeah. A real foodie. One of the redeeming things about him is, is his foodie nature. But also he's very, he's very open. It's exactly what you see is what you get. Yes. It's, and I think that's one of the things that people can appreciate about him. It's like not very common that you see someone who tells you exactly what they're thinking. Yes. When they're thinking it. And he's the kind of person who might say, Hmm, I may have to murder you now, but would say it out loud.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then go, well, probably shouldn't have said that out loud. That's the kind of, I think that show, I mean, first of all, the acting across the board who plays the, the, I mean, such terrific acting, but the, the, the Minister of war, the general Oh, Douglas Hodge. Oh My God. Menthol. Yeah. And that, that is truly incredible, his performance because, You know, he's, his characters aren't described. There's not like any of the, the bellowing and breathing and all those things that, that Douglas added. And I remember being in scenes with him when we first started shooting, you'd hear him constantly like swallowing his own burs and stuff. And none of that was in the script. It was just something that he brought to the character. Yeah. And was so hilarious that there were times that we had to like, cut, cut and stop scenes because the rest of us would be giggling so much at just how he Briefed.


He's constantly, Which Is, but again, he was a great character because he's this, You know, he's this Russian general who's Drunk, kind, Useless drunk all the time, but also hot, but also has common sense. Yeah. I mean, I mean he, he is the voice of reason often in a scene, but also not, yeah. I don't know that, that series was so delightfully surprising. And I, I watched that and then I knew, I knew that I had a Nicholas Holt obsession when, I dunno If you guys remember, but El El Fanning came on the podcast and we were talking about the show and I kept saying, tell me more about Nicholas Holt. And she, You know, she would indulge me.


And she was like, well, what? You should talk to Nicholas. And I'm like, yes, I should. You tried to get his number from her? I did. I did. And she gave it to me. And then it was like a suspiciously it was a five. Five five. That's, that's the 1, 2, 3, 4 that's been pulling and breathing down the line. Now I recognize the breath. You thought it was Douglas Hodge. So I just wanna go through, I just wanna walk you through your, your career, which at, at such such a young age, you've had such a, a range of experiences and so much success. But You know, I saw, You know, that you had worked as a child, but then about a boy is when it's like 2002, I wanna say. Yeah. About that. Yeah. And you're working with Hugh Grant.


Yeah. Who by the way, has had this, I mean, he started out as one type of performer in romantic comedies, and now he's become, he's found this whole other sweet spot. Yeah. That I find extremely emerald. He is so good. His recent one's come out soon, right here, heretic. Yeah. Yeah. I saw the trailer. It looks great. It looks amazing. I maintain, and I have many people, I think many people will agree with me, Paddington two and it sounds like I'm making a joke. He's so good in Paddington too. Paddington two might be a perfect movie. Yeah. And I think it has a score on rotten tomatoes of just absolute perfection. Yeah. I've watched Paddington two several times looking for a flaw. There isn't one.


But Hugh Grant is so delightfully insanely over that he's having such a good time. He, It's brilliant. He is, he is truly brilliant. But he, he, You worked with him. You were young. Yeah. 10, 11, 12, something like that. You're working with Hugh Grant and he taught you by observing him, he, you learned from Him. Yeah, I think so. I think, I still think the other day I was thinking about, and I think a lot of my sense of humor probably stems down a little bit from him. And also just, You know, how he was on set, if he was, he was so dedicated to the work and professional and kind and good with everyone and just really, really deeply cared about doing a good job himself and making the film good. And I think I, I, I couldn't have had a better experience at that sort of age in terms of just learning and watching people and being like, okay, this is how, it's, how it's supposed to be and how it's supposed to be done that You'd have to put in the work.


Yeah. To get to the fun part, you need to prepare, you need to be on it. Yeah. And also it's that thing of like, I, You know, you end up on set sometimes where people won't come out of trailers and this and that and there and there's just extra kind of ego business going on and there wasn't any of that. So I think good to have, You know, good behavior around it that sort of, You know, it's, Well you lost me with this whole line of reasoning. I had a trailer put upstairs in this office just so I could not come out of it. But half the time no one wants me to come outta it. It's a win-win. Yeah. I wasn't familiar with, You know, this, this show you did when you were an adolescent Skins. I don't really know that, that show, but it, it became huge in the uk.


Yeah. And that was a little difficult for you to handle because you're an adolescent and suddenly it's this. Yeah. I don't think any of us were prepared for how well that show would do. And I, and I stand by this, somebody was asking me about that show the other day and I was saying, I think the reason that it did kind of capture the moment so well is because it wasn't expected to be what it was. You know? I feel like more commonly now when shows kind of showing the teen way of life and whenever, and we're, and they're gonna show everything and it's gonna be hardcore and all this sort of stuff. There's kind of this idea of what it's gonna be and how it's gonna fit into the zeitgeist early. Whereas that was kinda like, we're just gonna make this show. We're kind of messing around. Yeah. It's a good bunch of people. Very talented bunch and great writing, but it's kind of like not nothing's expected of it.


Yes. And then it did kind of blow up into, in, in a way that I feel like it still kind of gets watched some by some people now. I've never, I've never actually seen it. You were young to be experiencing that kind of attention. I, I was 16 or 17 and it was, I guess it was around then that maybe camera phones and stuff was starting to kind of come out as well. And it was just, it was, it was a weird transition because up until then I'd basically most of the time just been able to live my life very normally. And, and, and I still can mostly day to day it's being recognized as kind of a weird, it goes in weird waves. I dunno If you find this, but it's like, if you've had something out recently or you've been on people's screens, then maybe they recognize you. Otherwise people just look at me like maybe we went to school together.


But that period, because that show was very popular, like with my age group and everything as well, it was kind of, it felt like I was under scrutiny a lot. Yeah. So if you're going out and you just want to have a drink Yeah. Hang out with friends. Yeah. You have to accept that someone might be recording. You might Get written up. Yeah. It was a weird transition. I didn't particularly enjoy that at all. I think It's healthy not to enjoy that. Yeah. I think there are a lot of people who'd be 15, 16, 17 and think, boy if I could be famous right now and get that kind of attention at an age when you want attention, wouldn't that be amazing? And so often it's not.


Yeah. I don well, I don dunno. What kind of attention do people want? Well, let me explain my problem. Come to the master. Here we go. You're talking about getting recognized. I wear a hat that says I am Conan O'Brien wherever I go. Stop me and ask for a


selfie. The all new Nissan Armada Pro four x is an unshakeable fortress powered by a twin turbo V six engine. Yeah. Ready to propel your adventures to new heights. Yeah. Your voice changes when you do a car act. I'm trying to, I'm trying to become Will Arnett. Oh, okay. But I can't do it. He's like, oh, new Nissan Armada Pro four X. No, listen, I'm gonna, I'm gonna explain this car to you. 'cause this car is fantastic. It's Max 8,500 pound towing capacity has the power to haul all your favorite toys on your next big adventure. You could steal the Statue of Liberty with this. It's incredible. I'm not saying do that. I'm just saying this thing that's a lot of Holland power. Nobody gets left behind with the Armada Pro Four X's premium interior that seats up to eight passengers. That's crazy. I don't know. Eight people going big. Never goes outta style. No terrain is too tough for the all new Nissan Armada Pro four x the most capable armada ever built, built for the most rugged of terrain. The all new Nissan Armada Pro. Four X gives you freedom to explore further


This bracket season. FanDuel is letting you make the call. 'cause right now, new customers can get $200 in bonus bets when your first $5 bet wins. You hear me? That's 200 extra binos to bet on. Everything from clutch shots to last second heartbreaks and even who's cutting down the nets. If you've been waiting to join, there's no better time. There's turn action that slang for tournament almost every day. And FanDuel has amazing be types like spreads totals, game props and so much more. I know all about this. You do. Oh, I'm a real, it sounds like it. I'm a real Beto. I I'm, I'm excited because Michigan State, which is my team, I I think they're gonna go all the way. They're number one in the big 10. Yes. Yes. Let's go all the way. You know, don't shake your head, Eduardo. Listen, you are all Michigan all the way. You're always That's right. Ever since I've known you, which is like 20 some odd years. That's right. You've been babbling about Michigan. This Michigan that. You gotta try a Michigan soup. You gotta have Michigan pizza pie. I love it all. And, and, and so Yeah. I say with FanDuel, Michigan stayed all the way. Let's go baby. Go drink. Yeah. Your favorite murderers are from Michigan. Anyway. That's true. Also, soup Visit FanDuel dot com slash conan. Get in on the college hoops Action. All turny long turn is short tournament must Be 21 plus in present in select states for Kansas. In affiliation with Kansas Star Casino. Or 18 plus in present in DC. First online Real money wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued as non withdrawal bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fan dual.com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Visit md gambling help.org. In Maryland,


A lot of people when they think about winter snow, You know, snowman, not me. Snowball fights. Snowball fights. That's not what I think about. Okay. I think it's a great excuse to gather with friends and crack open a cold one. Yeah. From basketball and hockey to game night. Winter means more moments with the coolest people in your life. And I've got some Pretty cool people in my life. Like me? No. Oh, not you. Okay. But like my really cool friends. Oh, okay. You know who I get together with, right? I patch Jones. Oh yeah. I He's cool. Yeah. SA Shrimp. I have a lot of very cool friends. RJ Johannes make these moments even better with Miller Light. That's my crew. The great tasting light beer for people who love beer. Miller Lite is brewed for taste. Hello. It's different than other light beers. Other light beers are just like blah. If you like it Okay. But If you don't go to hell Yeah. Well, guess what? Not Miller Light. It's made with simple ingredients like malted barley for rich balanced toffee note flavors and the iconic golden color. The original light beer since 1975. And still from my money. The best one. Yeah. I remember when I was out with my gang Right. We were all out on our bicycles. Oh yeah. And we were driving around and then we, we pulled over and got a Miller Light, You know, and it was really nice. 'cause it was a lot of people don't think, You don't ride a bicycle in the winter. No, but we put snow tires on our bicycles. Okay. Big chains. And it was just nice to sit with my friends next to our bicycles that were really heavy with chains and crack open a cold one. You know, Miller Light. Great. Taste 96 calories. Go to Miller lite.com/kona to find delivery options near you. Or you can pick up some Miller Lite. Pretty much anywhere they sell beer. Yeah. Tastes like Miller Time to me. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories and 3.2 carbs per 12 ounces.


You've had this interesting education where you were getting probably attention and working as a child then you're a teenager, but then you've, I mean, you've handled it all really well. You've done, I was thinking of your performance in Mad Max. Yeah. As, first of all, when I first saw that, I didn't even realize it was you. Yeah. See, no one will recognize me from that. Yeah. Because you play, you play Knuck. Yeah. And Knucks is this terrific character. You lost so much weight for that. And the backstory, first of all, I love that movie. Yeah. It's, it's a good, we, I'm proud of that one. We did a parody of it when we were at Comic-Con once where I play the Doof Warrior, who's the guy that Yeah, yeah, yeah.


We actually recreated, we shot it film style. We recreated that whole giant truck. Yeah. Do you remember this Sona? Yeah, I do. I'm hanging off the front with an electric guitar and the white face and wearing the red onesie. Yeah. And shooting fire. You still have the Red onesie? I'm wearing, I'm wearing it now, but I'm wearing it from watching The Red Onesies is this new nickname. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And I'm wearing it for medical reasons, but I'm shooting fi They made, they gave me a guitar that shoots fire. The real fi real fire. Yeah. And then we were shooting it out in the desert. But they said, I remember just before we started to shoot they, no, after the first take, they said, when you get near a telephone pole, turn off the fire.


And I was like, what? And they were like, because otherwise you'll set the telephone poles off here in the desert outside Los Angeles on fire. And I went, no one fought. Like, this is up to me if I want to, I can take out the power grid with my electric guitar. But anyway, we did a whole parody of that, which was really fun to do. But I I absolutely adore that film. And your character. I mean, talk about being able to lose yourself in a character. You lost a ton of weight to play Knuck. Yeah. Because you're in this, everyone who's survived that apocalypse is sickly And Yeah. Knucks is meant to be kind of essentially on his deathbed the day that you meet him and on at the start of the film.


So that was something George asked me to do, was to lose some weight. And I got, I did get a strange body dysmorphia through that where I didn't feel I was that skinny and then looked back at photos and I was like, oh, you were very skinny. Right. I didn't realize quite how far I'd gone with it. And what was the, I mean, everyone has their own technique, but is that a kind of thing where literally you're working with a doctor and they're saying, okay, you can have a tic tac today and then a little soup before Bed. Wasn't it wasn't that, it was just not eating as much and just running tons and jumping rope and, and like Yeah, just not eating that much. I wish there was a secret. Oh, I didn't eat as much. Fuck. I think there is now, right? Oh yeah. Ozempic. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. I'm gonna get an ozempic colonic.


God. Oh, She said I don dunno. Maybe it'll go even faster. Go the other, What that means. Go the other way. I'm just gonna say a colonic. A colonic for I want that for other reasons. They don't go together. Yeah. Yeah. But the red onesie is gonna help be helpful Throughout this. Thank God I have that onesie on. When did you become My mate said to give himself a, like a colonic. Like that's when you shoot the stuff up to loosen everything. Yes. He had to do that in a hospital and then like lost control and they, they said you could do it himself. And he was like, okay, I'll do it. But then was like on the floor of the bathroom in the hospital, like cramping with Mac.


God, why did they say do it yourself? Oh my God. I don One. First of all, this is not, the story is much better If you identify your friend. I can't. That's very famous. It's gotta be You grant it. You grant. It's gotta be Hugh Grant, cramping, shitting all over the floor. You heard it here folks. Let's get that out there. It's not, it's not. Okay. Don't worry. Too late. I'm editing your, it's not out. And we're replacing it with an ai. Yes, it is. Definitely him. Oh, we got a sound bite. Thank you. Now we're good. You got very seriously into motorcycles at some point. Yeah. That was for a role I learned to ride bikes for, for a role.


But the, the first thing I did with El called young ones that Jake t I directed with me and El and Cody Mc McPhee and, and Michael Shannon. Great. A great group. But yeah, my character rode motorcycles and that, so I learned to ride for that and then got into it for a little while and was riding a lot and again, on track and all that sort of stuff. But I've kind of stopped. I've, it started to feel a little bit, well I fell off a few times, so that started to feel a little bit dangerous. And then I got more into a car racing. So I've been doing more of that because it feels a little bit safer. Yes. You got just some, you're in a cage. Yeah. You've Got a, a whole roll cage helmet. I mean, you wear a helmet obviously on the bikes, but you've also got this, this hands device. Have you heard of this? The hands hand? I think it stands for hands head and neck saver. So it's like underneath your harness is this thing that then connects to your helmet to stop your head if you do crash from moving too far.


So it's saved loads of lives. So You have, and you have, seriously, first of all, as a kid, you were interested in cars. Yeah. I grew up watching it with my dad and racing him with my dad and stuff. And he, he would like build cars as one of his hobbies. So I was always kind of interested and excited by them. So now I'm lucky where I got the opportunity to kind of go and race around a track a little bit. You just took, I mean, a serious course. What's the course that you just took? Oh, the course at Otta, the Ferrari. Yeah. So now I'm kind of waiting, hopefully I've, I've done some of their track attacks at the Ferrari Challenge and those have gone well and then next will be the actual race. But track attacks, I, when everyone's out there trying to set the fastest lap sort of thing time. Now Explain to me the appeal.


'cause I've never, I, I'm not a gearhead. I I enjoy a nice car, but when I first made money and could buy any car I wanted, just so You know who you're talking to. Yeah. And, and I'm a writer on The Simpsons and I, I go out and I buy a, a Ford Taurus. SHO That's the Ford Taurus that has the stick shift. Yeah, stick shift's. Great. Yeah. But it looks exactly like You missed the Ford Taurus part Of This Well, I had was stick shift and I was like, okay, having fun. Got Sweets Yamaha six in there. And, but yeah, I remembered thinking this is so cool as, and people would say, you're driving around in a Ford Taurus and you're 28 years old and you told us you were gonna get this really cool car.


And I went, yeah, but If you look inside, it's got a stick shift. And the common reaction was it's euphoric door. You look like you're going to, or Whole Foods to buy some, some protein. Not even Whole Foods like big lots. Okay, let's not get Dicky about grocery stores. But anyway, that's the degree to which I'm probably not a gearhead. But you participated in N one race recently, didn't you? Yeah. Yeah. I got the fastest time. So I don know how to describe the, the feeling of it is something where it's, it makes you very present. Yep. Because You have to be, you do have to be Right. And it's a weird, it's a weird mix between having a lot of adrenaline, but then having to kind of counteract that and calm yourself and be extremely focused for periods of time where you're doing things that are against human instinct.


Because like for instance, at the track where you, you are kind of coming up through turns two and three and it's blind, and so you can't see where you're going and you have to keep your foot pinned to the floor and you're going about 130, 40 miles an hour Accelerating into the, into the curve. Yeah. So you've got, yeah, so, and you're going up, you're turning left, but you can't see exactly where you're aiming to come out. And then there's walls on either side. So you're going through there at like 140 and it all goes well. Luckily for me this time and everything was fine, but there's a weird feeling where you're, you are like, half of the muscles in your leg are trying to pull up and stop you from doing it. And the other half are like overriding it. Oh my God. To be like, no, you have to do that to get quick. And then, and then it's, so there's, but then once you've done it, once you can do it again and then you keep on building up and you start to get to muscle memory Of Muscle memory and you start to just, you start to feel the car and it become, you don't become one with the car.


That's such a stupid thing to say, but you start to I did with the Taurus, I had sex shift my Taurus. Oh God. Was that not clear? Wait a minute. The car was not on when I became one thought when my car was not even on and I was not in it when I became one with it. This is why you got stick shift. I thought it was fair. I thought it was fairly clear by the way you're talking about it. I'm gonna keep explaining what happened. Oh well, okay. But I was gonna go so far with it and I've myself could just like to take this time to apologize To you. It's Fine. Yeah. Don't worry, Nicholas. This never has to air. It's interesting. Interesting. I'm just gonna sound like I'm taking, making a joke. But I'm not, I kind of understand what you're saying because if I'm in front of a large group of people Yeah.


I, I am, there is adrenaline rush and I am sometimes doing things that are against my better nature. Right. But I also think this is gonna be really funny if I do this thing that's potentially quite embarrassing or foolish. So there's this push me, pull you, but I also like to be in control, but I also like the potential chaotic loss of control and it's all at the same time. That's the closest I've come to that. Right? Yeah, Yeah. No, it's exactly, But it's not going, But it's flow state and it's kind of, and very meditative and it becomes, but let me ask you something then. So when you're about to make a joke or take a risk, how often do you doubt it before you do it?


If you doubt it, do you just abort or do you, if I override doubt, This is one thing I found is that if I'm thinking about it beforehand, it's not gonna be as good. Right. And if you do it, then it's not as satisfying. It's not as good. And for some reason the audience knows it too. I don't know what that's all about. No, no, no. I, I get I yeah, I I get what you are, what you're saying. Because when you were first talking about the Ford Taurus, I was in my head, I was gonna make, I was reaching for some sort of joke about there being a condom on the, on the gi and it was there somewhere. And then I was like, oh. And then, and then I thought about it too much and I was like, this isn't the time or place, let's just buried. Right. But then, But then I went there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you showed a a lot of restraint and caution.


Yeah. And you held your tongue. And then me, the older man who should know better? Well Just 'cause I couldn't formulate what the idea was completely My brain. No, I didn't formulate it well either. I have me fucking a Taurus. Yeah. And you just said, I fucked my car. There's some sort, there's some sort of soul sign joke in here too. Somewhere. There was, there was no Yeah. Aries better than a Capricorn. Aries. Yeah. My point is, what's That? What's that joke of, what's the one where it's like, oh, I don't know. I broke up with my, I broke up with my ex and someone says, why? And they said, oh, because I'm a Sagittarius and they're a cunt. Sorry. Sorry. I probably can't say that beep that one out. No, you can say it. That used to be my favorite for a while. I it you're allowed to say it in in, in the uk.


Yeah. So I say apologies To anyone who's offended by that. Yeah. You can change that word for other words. They were, they would cu cu cu. It's fine. But it's funny. Hey, Sona. So unexpected. I just wanna make sure people know Sona said that. Cu cu cu cu. Yeah. Cool. Okay. There you go. Now we good. Yeah. You know what's funny? Why is it you have better material than I do? It's Just frustrating. But it is funny how I did have an experience that I really loved. We shot a travel show in Berlin. Mm. Oh, I'm going to Berlin in a, in a couple of weeks. Lemme know where you are. Is it for work? Yes. Okay. This was a while ago. I won't be going there anytime too soon. But we, we were, we shot a segment where I believe I'm in a very, very fast BMW that's latest model, fastest model.


And we go on the auto bond. And why I always heard about the auto bond is you can go as fast as you want. Yeah. There are no speed limits. That's not really true. There are sections of the auto bond where I would crank it up as fast as I could go, but they're short. Right. And then, then it's like, no, no, no. This part you have to slow down to like 55. Yeah. Kilometers an hour, whatever. And I was so, I I was what was, What was the fastest you went? I wanna, I'm, I have to look it up. 55. It was 55. No, no. We went, I think it, I mean, it would not be impressive to you. It was impressive for me that we, I'd have to find the speed that we got to, but I was, I was impressed. It was a impressive For bit sweaty.


No, They were sweaty anyway, A lot of the time on, I'm A bit of a pervert, but ever since the TAUs Yeah. No, I I wanna say it was, I think you got up to like 1 21 or 1 26 miles per hour. Yeah. Which to, I mean, you've, you said you've done two, what is it the Fastest? We went on track in, in the challenge for our challenge car was one 70, I think. Wow. Okay. But that's weirdly, everyone always says, I was pulling a trailer. The first thing I wanna Say, it had three horses in it. That was through the drive through. Yeah. The the, that's what everyone always ask though. And they're like, oh, how fast are you go on track. And a lot of the, a lot of the tracks, You don't go that fast. Yeah.


'cause the straits aren't that long and it's not, and it's not the sitting going fast in a straight line. That's the difficult bit. Anyway. That's how everyone can put their foot to the floor and go up through gears. It's the bit getting through the corners quickly, which is the scary and difficult bit and how well the brakes work the first time using the brakes in a race car, you're like, just kind of kick your foot to the brake as hard as you can. And it everything, like, they stop quick. It's, it's impressive. But then trying to get that right whilst you're turning and releasing them. And then, and then you go into the pits and they're like, look at your time. And they're like, well, this is why you were slow because you, you, you hit the brake one car length too early, but traveling at 170 miles an hour, so Oh my god. You know, 0.1 tenths of a second, but then you didn't release it at the right pressure, so you lost two tenths of a second and then this and this.


And suddenly you see why the details of it. And I think that's one of the reasons I like it as well. I've said this before, but in acting and filmmaking, there's lots of subjective things in, in race, and it's very objective. They look at it and they go, this is why you're slow. Yes. So do that better and you'll be quick. And you're like, okay. Makes sense. No, it, it is refreshing because I, it's something that I find refreshing about sports, not, not part participating in this so much, but as watching them is that things can be measured. And in comedy, you, no matter what you do, people go like, eh, not my cup of tea. Yeah. Or someone can like it, someone else can hate it. It's just this miasma, it's this soup.


You can never quite say, no, no, empirically this wins because how can you do that? But in, and that's true of all the arts. Like when sometimes when I watch the Oscars or any award show, I think this is so crazy. How can we be comparing all of these things and who's deciding and what does that even mean? It always seems ridiculous to me. Was was, let me ask you something. Yeah. Career wise, was there ever a measurement that you hoped to attain that you were like, oh, if I attain this or reach this or this happens, that'll be a good barometer of like, oh, of course I'm good. Yeah, I've done it. I've met, what was it, Sorry. Yeah. What was it? Is it Right now welcome to the Nicholas.


If I could get Nicholas Holt to ask me questions as if I were interested. That's my, that's my ego. That's my ego. No, I remembered my career has been a series of me thinking if I could get to this point, then I'd never worry about anything again. Yeah. And that goes back to me being 22 and just thinking if I could just make a living as a comedy writer. And then I did. And I'm like, okay, well the minute you attain something, you, you, yeah. You have disdain for it.


But when I was, so what's the, what's Next? What's the next, what's the next level then for Me? I think, I think cover of Men's health in a speedo. Oh. Just like super cut. You should pivot. Can't my hair On the bonnet of the Taurus washing it, making sure it's extra clean. I think, I think it's time. No. 61-year-old men of my complexion who work out intermittently are seen as sex symbols. This country's already Going through enough. I think this country can handle more. No, I think That's what the country needs.


Yeah. It's a man of the hour. No, it's funny because I was very young and a writer on Saturday Night Live and we won an Emmy when I was there for a season that I've been working on. And we won. And I was in my twenties and I remember thinking, wow, You know this, I won an Emmy. This is gonna change everything. And of course it doesn't change anything. None of these things change anything really. And it, so it's just been this constant education and reeducation and reeducation. It's all an illusion. You just keep, you just keep going. Yeah. And I think for, I mean, your analogy would be there is no, there's not gonna be any point in a car where you're gonna say, I'm satisfied.


Right. You're gonna keep, I mean, I guess If you go and win the, it can get Oh, that's right to The trophy or something win, then, then you can be, but then of course that's like you Said, then it's like You've gotta do it again. It's like, you've done it, you've gotta do it again, or you've gotta go to a different track and do it again. You've gotta defend like Yeah. There's always, Did you stand on top of the car when you won the race? No, I didn't. What are you supposed to do? There are all these iconic things you're supposed to do when you win. I, we went, I got on the podium and, and they, they gave a bottle of champagne and, and I, I'd never done that before. The spraying champagne thing. And I did a terrible job. I popped it. It didn't really squirt anywhere. And then I saw the guy, the other guy on the podium, like one of them like hit the bottle on the ground. So I kind of did that to try and get it to fizz, but it just kind of a load fell out and then it was like, oh, it was just all a bit of a mess.


Because when you see people with spray champagne, it looks cool. Us. I'm like, yeah. Did they take your trophy away? I know. They should have done, it was an absolute disgrace. You could see them back taking your car with a tow truck. They took the car back and then, And then I'm like, I can fix this. I can do better. So I'm shaking up, sticking my thumb, and then it's, and by then, like there's not enough in there. It's not fizzy Enough. And then everyone's left. Yeah. You're there late at night. The sun's gone Down. You're there with a diet seven up shaking it. Come on. I still do it every morning. Yeah. Do you, do you, oh, I have, this is what I'm saying. Curious, does this, does any of this translate, does your driving ability translate to you on the 4 0 5 freeway?


No. Does, does anything like that translator, do you, are you an amazing driver going 55 miles an hour on the highway to get your oil changed? No. No. I don't think so. I just get bored sitting on, on motorways. Stop, start and whatever. It's, it's, so it's a completely different, I like to think that maybe my reaction time and if something happened, my car control would be good. But I luckily I've never had to use it on the road. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. You just knocked wood in. I don't think this is wood. What do you mean? I think definitely wood. He definitely wood Shaped like is an expensive giant piece of, of wood. I don't trust Eduardo. I think he cheaped out on us and he found something cheaper than wood might be particle board.


Yeah. It's better for the sound, right? Yeah. He gets it. Yeah. You get it. I don't get it. How do you like living in Los Angeles area? You know, we were talking about this a little bit when you first showed up, but it's so interesting. I maybe it's, the grass is always greener, but having 100% Irish jeans, I always find myself yearning for it to be cloudy. Yeah. And rainy here in Los Angeles. Yeah. But for years I've noticed that people from the uk, Brits, they, they could wanna be here. They are not interested at all in a cloudy day. They want to get red. Yeah. In it faced.


I don knows. Do You know? Do they Well, I think so. Yeah. They love, they love tanning. They love Is that, do you think I'm I'm onto something here. I think You onto, well, You know what I I the reverse that would be my wife was like, when we, when we first met, she was like, oh, oh, I love, she's from here. She was like, oh, I love rain, I love cloudi days, whatever. And I was like, oh, cool. And we were back in London for a while shooting some of the great for six months. And I think it was rainy and cloudy and cold for most of that time. And she quickly realized that she didn't, didn't Like it. Enjoy that. There's something about If you grow up and the sun where you kind of have this romantic idea of rain and gray and cold and all this. But actually when you put her in it, she was like, no, this Isn't, and you're happy. You, you like it here. I Like being in the sun. I mean, I miss, I miss London, I miss pubs and the theater and friends and, and a lot of the things about the lifestyle, I've been able to walk more places.


So I do miss it. But I mean, the thing about my job is I'm always kind of on the road in different places. So, but I'm finding this a nice base at the moment. The we're talking, I wanna make sure we get the word out on Nosferatu. Yeah. Where did you shoot this? Where did you shoot Nosferatu? We Shot it in Prague. Oh my God. See that? That is why I do a travel show. Is that for years and years and years. For 28 years, I sat at a talk show desk and talked to people like you Who said, oh, I just got back from Prague. Yeah. Have You been there for The show? No, I've never been to Prague. I I I wanna go there, but, oh, you should do An episode going there. Yeah, I will. Yeah. In, in like alignment with Nosferatu coming out. Yeah. Perfect. Oh, oh, oh.


So you want me to travel to Pro myself to Get the word out on Nosferatu. Thank you. All right, Sona, could you book me a flight to Prague? Sure. Book and get me a tea. Good, good. Really good books. Really good acting. All done. Bye. And could you have a shirt made that says Nosferatu in theaters now? Yeah. Let's see that. Can you screen print it? Oh wow. Got a Whoa. Laser printer effects. Stupid. What kind of machine makes this? You do all your machines make, make noises like that. Yeah. Your guillotine probably goes That's my burger. I'd like to hear the guillotine. Yeah, let's hear the guillotine.


Plt. PLT Here. It needs to be a little bit of a Oh yeah, Yeah. It's sort of a wet throat sort of. He landed on his tongue. I don't know what happened there. Didn't realize the French revolution was So humorous. Yes. Benny Hill, the French Revolution. Okay. You made no Atu directed by one of my favorites. Robert Eggers. Yes. I love his Stuff. He's incredible, isn't He? Absolutely incredible. And so I, I mean, I'm in, I'm excited to see the look of the film.


I mean, he always, oh, he always achieves. I mean, I'm, I'm, I agree with you. I'm such a huge fan of his, I love his movies. I love the performances in his movies. He is, I, I think, a real AUR filmmaker and, and one of the greatest working and, and lives. He's, he's just, and it's, You know what, I was thinking about this the other day as well. He, he's so dedicated to the craft of filmmaking in terms of technically, emotionally, historically what he creates. There were moments where he was like watching old films to try and figure out what was the best snow we could use, because he shot all on, all on film. He is, he's, like you said, the look is so important in terms of telling this story. But he, so he was, he was like, why is the, why is the snow good in these movies, but it's not good in these? And then he found like some old stock snow that isn't made anymore.


Right. Fake snow from the ni nineties, whatever. And they managed to locate, That's asbestos. Just enough Back. And I'm breathing this asbestos in and I'm like, God, this movie is beautiful and it's Worth it. There's a reason they don't use it anymore. So it's poisoning myself, Nicholas Snow. Oh God, it looks good on, on screen. He, he is, he is like, Yeah. It, it Is just his dedication to like the, the details of historically, but also like exploring the occult and the emotional aspects of this story. It's something he's wanted to make since he was eight years old. And there was a play of it he did at school, so no one could have told it better. What are the Eggers movies that you were really drawn to? I mean, the Witch was the first one I saw. Yes. And I met him after that, which I just thought all his movies feel so real, which is kind of a weird thing.


'cause I'm not necessarily like a, a horror fan. Well, This is, it's so funny 'cause I had the opportunity to interview Jordan Peele, and he was asking me, what kind of horror films do you like? And I said, I don't like jump someone jumping out of a bush stabbing jump scares and someone chasing someone else with a, with a chainsaw. And I cited The Witch as an example, and Eggers as an example of, there's a wide shot early in the film. It's fall and it's New England. Yeah. Six 17th century New England. And you see, and the wind is blowing, and you just see these trees slightly undulating and it's terrifying.


Yeah, yeah. Because of the implication of what something malevolent is out there. Yeah. He managed to make trees in the fall in New England. Very frightening. And I responded to, there's so much in the Witch that it's, it's so much of its tone, and so much of it is, and then there are, yes, there are little moments that are frightening, but when you think about it, there's so little violence. There's so little action, but your heart's in your mouth the whole time. Yeah. Oh, he's a master of creating tension. I think you're gonna love that. I think I'm excited for you to see it, because it's like the, the tension he creates, but it is visually stunning. And the score and the sound is like imposing and fills your bones.


But then there's this weird thing where it's like, you are watching it and you're like, you can't take your eyes away because it's, it's like looking at a Rembrandt every scene, every shot. But then, but then there's also this thing where you like, don't wanna look away because you're also, there's this scary, something's coming, something's happening. And it's, it's a, it's a really interesting exploration of kind of the evil that we all have within ourselves, but also externally coming and how that affects us. So I'm, I'm excited by it. I think it's a really good special Movie. What was that? The period is, is it 1890s? Yeah, Pittsburgh, Germany. So it's kind of a gothic Yeah. Tale, I guess. But then yeah, going back to his movies. Of course the Lighthouse was like, and Willem Defoe's in this one as well. And him and Rob were so brilliant in that We got to do, we did a travel show in Dublin last year.


Yeah. And we drove around and we went to Wicklow, which there's this great iconic lighthouse. And I got all made up as Willem Defoe in the lighthouse. And I have this long insane speech Yeah. That we shot in black and white. You're doing promo for the lighthouse then. So you can do something else wrong. You better make another shirt. Yeah. What I'm saying is go check out the lighthouse, get, Get the costume on as well. Yeah. But what I loved, I'll send you the script. What I loved about that, I, I guess what I loved about that movie is the performances are amazing, but also you're paying attention to like the button on someone's weird suit, which is very somehow evocative. Yeah.


He manages to get all that stuff. Right. And I'm thinking gothic Nosferatu, late 19th century field day with the visuals. Oh, the costumes, Linda, the costumes that she created are, are all impeccable and, and stunning. But it is all that detail. Again, it's like his historical knowledge of everything going on. He, he, and because he leads from the front, the front with such passion, everyone around just really wants to bring their best and do their best to serve his vision. But then I would text him thinking he'd be asleep about something in, in like the middle of the night, in the middle of the day here, but which middle of the night in London. And he'd be like, oh, I'm up. I'm researching which cigars you, your character should smoke in this scene and whatever. You'd be like, dude, go to bed. It's three or 4:00 AM in London.


What are you doing? But he's just constantly, so, so in the zone of what's, what's right for the story in every smoking Thousands of cigars, personally, he's vomiting. Yeah. I've got to get the right one. I am, well, listen, I am a huge, huge fan of yours as a person, but I, I just think your performances are off the charts great. And this movie is made for me, so, and Oh yeah. Bill Skarsgard. Yeah. Oh, his performance is magic as well, because he's created, You know, this monster Count og, but he's given it such history and rooted in something very real. So it's, You know, it's terrifying. It's scary, but it's also, it's also real.


Do you, I'm, I'm curious because my work is always, I make something and then I'm, we see it either instantly or 10 minutes later, and then I never see it again. Your work is, you work really hard on something, you craft it, you make it, you have some control over some par facets of it. But, and then this long period of time goes by, I would think before you see it. Yeah. How apprehensive are you about, okay, now it's time for me to go see myself in no Atu. I don't like that. I don't like that. I always equate it to, like, when you're at school and you did a test and you're waiting for the results to come in. Yeah. Yeah. There's that nerve wracking feeling where you're like, Ugh. And it depends also how you left the shoot in terms of how you, your overall feeling there.


Like, did you feel like you gave a lot of variation on each scene, that in the edit, if they want, they're gonna have options. Did you feel like you explored everything you could have done? And, and, and then that's a different feeling to, as opposed to If you walk away from something and you go, I think I missed a bit here. Or actually, that could have been better. And suddenly then you're looking back and you're like, oh, no. So it's, it's an, it's an odd feeling waiting for something to come out and not something I look forward to particularly, I'll say from my vantage point, your work is excellent. And so, and trust me, I think a word from Conan O'Brien carries a lot of weight in the film industry. Yeah. Huh? Huh? The car fucker. Yeah. Onesie the car fucker. Five Stars, thumb up, Five star, five stars from the Taurus fucker.


Absolutely thrilled that you could be here. Thanks for today. And I do want to be your friend. I, I doubt, I doubt it's gonna happen. We can, We can definitely be friends. No, I have a bad feeling. You gave me the sheep. Maybe Say it. I don't think It's, and I'm gonna say it's not gonna happen on your end. I'm gonna say you're the one that's gonna just see, just keep Going and breathing down the phone. I'm always waiting, Nicholas. That's the only reason I've still got a landline. It's, It's me. But congrats on the new film, Nosferatu. And Thanks. Thank you so much for stopping by and for being so funny and terrific. Thanks. Pardon me. So appreciate it.


Peace out Tupac. Oh God. No one expects that. What


One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. I know, right? I'm trying to sell my coal miners hat and it goes to a dance troupe. Ugh. That's no good. It's just stupid. That's where LinkedIn ads come in. Fortunately, LinkedIn is a network of over 1,000,000,001. You can't even count that high. I can't, I can't either. Link is a network of over 1 billion businessy people who might actually be interested in your business. You can even target your buyers by job title, industry, company roles, seniority skills, company revenues. Did I say job title? I think I did. Mm. Just stop wasting budget on the wrong audience. That's just stupid. Start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will give you a $100 credit on the next campaign, so you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco trips and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.


This message is brought to you by BetterHelp. Quick question. Who's your support system? Have they changed your life? You know, it's, it's really important to talk to people. We live in very tense times. Yeah. And there's a lot of stress out there. And it, I think few things work better than talking to someone, getting the anxieties and everything that's inside of you out. Get it out on the table. Think about your favorite leaders, mentors, idols. They don't have all the answers, but they do know when to ask questions or seek support from their community. So therapy can be a source of support for any area of your life. It's time to shift the focus from doing it all to knowing that we're better when we ask for help. You good at that? Sonic good at asking for help. Asking For help. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a very outward person. That's Yes, you are. Yeah. And it's a good, but that's a good quality. BetterHelp is fully online making therapy affordable and convenience. Serving over 5 million people worldwide, you can access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Easy switch therapists, anytime at no extra cost. And that's important. Yeah, it is. You don't feel awkward about moving on. It's not the right fit. Yeah. This month, BetterHelp is giving you the biggest discount on starting therapy that has ever been offered on this show. 90% off your first week, your wellbeing's worth it. So don't miss it. For a limited time, visit BetterHelp dot com slash conan to get 90% off your first week. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/conan.


What's up, Matt? Gurley, what's the plan? Well, We're gonna do another staff Review. I love staff reviews because as the, what is my title at, at this company? Am ICEO? No. Am I chairman? No. Am I, I feel like you're just, you're the head of talent. You're the boss man. You're the, you're not Someone who, are you admitting I have talent? I'm saying you're not someone who's like making like, Hey guys, let's wheel in and dealing decisions. This is, I'm doing it. I do that. But that's all I do. All I do is come into meetings and go, Hey guys, let's do some wheeling and dealing. And then Adam and Rovic and Ross are all like, what? And I'm like, yeah. Some wheeling and dealing.


They're like, just, and they just push me outta the room and I've got my shirt buttoned down. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You're the face of this company. Yeah. And what a face. Yeah. Okay, let's move on. I like, as the Grand Puba, I like talking to the employees and telling them how I think they could do better. Okay. So today we have Eduardo, who is Eduardo, currently hiding behind his Eduardo monitor. Right. Hide and, and be a, be a man about this. Eduardo, can you step away from the machinery that you employ? Sure. No problem. As the, who's gonna Watch the levels? Adam? Yeah. Adam Adam's over there. Checking the levels. Do The levels. I have a seat.


Eduardo. And is this Your first time at the table? I think for the hopping. I was interrogated By the, yeah, just have a little seat there, Eduardo. And Buckle up. Buckle up. Okay. Now, Eduardo, If you don't mind, I got, this is a very, very large company. Huge company there. I literally have tens of thousands of employees. Your full name please. Eduardo Perez. Okay. Eduardo Perez as except for Eduardo Perez. There you go. Let me help you. Eduardo Perez. Perfect. Oh no. Perfect. So Eduardo Perez, Eduardo, you are, I'm gonna start by buttering you up before I chop you down.


You made this beautiful studio that we're in state of the art. You're a very talented guy and I applaud you for your work. Thank you. Thank you. I did it with the help of many other individuals. I can't take all the Credit. They're, they're not here right now. But you did a fantastic job and you've done as far as I can tell, mostly a really good job here. Excellent job. Describe, describe your, your duties. You have to make sure that the equipment's all functioning Duties. Well duties. Yes. Hey, Your staff reviews next. Yeah. Take it easy. Yeah. Duties. My duties relative to this show. Yes. Yes. I, I engineer, I make sure that you all sound as great as you can.


And who has the most challenging voice of the three of us? Be Honest. I would, honestly, I would say you do. What's, What's challenging about it? You're very dynamic. So you get very excited and loud. And then, but sometimes you, you, because of your bits, It's called being a rageaholic. Yeah. Yes, exactly. I explode in rage. No, I know that. I, when I, when I have an idea or I wanna push something through and punch it, you probably have to ride all the dials All the time. I'm constantly Exactly riding your levels. The most verse of all three of you. Sometimes a guest will match your energy and I'll have to ride you and the guest. Yeah. That can happen sometimes. Yeah. But you're, That happened with Doris Kern's Goodwin.


She was started talking about Lyndon Johnson and she was shouting. Yeah. And then I was doing bits and she was doing bits. You know, it was also difficult to record sometimes Jimmy Hendrix. That's right. The great artists are sometimes hard to capture. You've Just, you've been doing this for so long that I'm surprised you don't know how to like, talk into a microphone properly. I don't care about the devices around me. I'm an, I do see myself as a pure, purely artistic cloud that just emanates energy, goodness. And ingenious. And then these machines, they aren't my concern.


Mm. These are the concerns of others. Okay. Like, is it Eduardo Perez? Eduardo Perez. Yes, that's right. Eduardo. You know, you do a very good job. Thank you. You did. We were Recording Certain celebrity recently. I believe it was, I believe it was Caitlin Olson, of course. And very talented, wonderful. And she comes in and we were all excited to talk to her. And then there was an issue, and I hate to bring this up in your review, but it felt like you weren't ready to go when it was time to go. What happened? That is correct. Right. As we were about to get started, the software program that I normally use just completely froze. I got the gorley would know this.


Well, anybody who's used the computer before. Yeah. And I'm, I'm actually pretty fluent in this. I was doing a bit before, but, oh, which, which one is it? It's called Console. Yeah. Console. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So and so what happened? Be specific and, and really get into the minutia. 'cause I can match you. Sure. So the, so the spinning wheel of death appeared. Well, we beyond know what that is. It means it was buffering. Yeah, Exactly. Exactly. And it wouldn't go away. Why are you talking to me like I'm a child? Wait, what wa I'm sorry, what was buffering? Excuse me. Oh, I'm sorry. Okay. Just can you wondering seriously use the real terminology. 'cause I, I, I, you're talking to me like I'm an idiot. I have worked in show business for a long time and I know a lot about television. I also know about the audio aspect of things. So let's have a real in, it's Not even that complex.


Well, just please, let's get into it. The computer simply froze. That's all you've got. That's all that happened. Okay. And I had to just hit re I had to restart the whole system. What? Yes. That's All you Did. That that was it. And then I had to load up pro tools. I had to load up console. Yeah. And I had to. Yeah, You have to load pro tools. You have to load console. But my question is, did you try anything else before you went to what anyone would do, which is unplugging it and then plugging it back in Again? I did. Yes. I tried to force quit it and tried to reboot it. Did you try The force? There is no try. There's only two force quit. Do You know how to force quit? Yes, of course you do. It was a shortcut. It was A short What's the keystroke for? For control. Alt force quit. Listen.


Can I tell you something? Yeah, I believe you. That was the easy thing to do. And it took a long time. Caitlin had to sit here for a little bit because I feel like it was a minute. Well, excuse me. Not the most, it was longer than a minute. It was at least a minute and 15 seconds. It felt Like eternity for me. I'll tell You that. Yeah. And I could tell she she's a lovely person. Yeah. But she was thinking of leaving. I could tell she Handled it like a champ. I I was more nervous about your energy than I was about her. To be honest. This guy's never had a single hiccup for how long has he been Working here? I know, but can I say something? Prince? Anytime anyone in his band hit one note that was a little bit off. He would find them. He would find them. But he's a psychopath. No, that's not the problem. Are you comparing yourself to Prince?


Yeah. Yes, you do. You do podcasting. What are you talking about? I'm just saying you wouldn't know what's wrong because you don't have I hear the music just the way Prince did. Oh. And I think in our e each, in our fields. I am every, I am the prince of podcasting. You're the prince of, you're certainly a little prince. I'll say that. And, and, and I'll tell you this, I I just question, did you panic and force quit? Because there were other things you could have tried first. Like what? Yeah. I don't know. You could have gone to ultra, You know, sorry. Ultra. It's ultra whatcha fucking talking about Ultra. It's a, it's a parallel system that you can use. You can access it and then you can go to Bernet.


If you had used Ultra and you had gone to hibernate, don't, Hey Sona, you're just laughing. 'cause you're embarrassed. You don't know anything. You could have knocked it all down like three generations. What was I thinking? And did you try compression? A compression? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Compression. Plenty of compression. Well, listen, next time, look to me and I can help you. You got It? Okay. Yeah. I do like the work that you're doing. Thank you. I'm very lucky to have you. Thank you. And I'm very fortunate that you've done such a beautiful job and this table. You, this is your baby. This is one of my babies. Yes. You put this table together and anytime one of us, it's happened. Sona iss always bringing various soups from home, soups that your mother made soups from the home.


She's Never once brought soup. I'm just try, You know, when you come in with your soups from the old country, oh my God. And listen, and you spill. How did it, have you noticed that when they're, when when the, just back me up on this. Admit, first of all, you're bringing a lot of soups from the old country. Show yourself Under the bus. Want just admit it. It's amazing soups from the old country. But listen, but listen, it spills. Whenever a liquid spills you freak I do freak out because there's a lot of very expensive electronics underneath this beautiful table. Under the hood. Yes. Under the hood. Did You know when you were building this table, did You know that first of all, I get clumsy sometimes with my drinks. So of course ubiquitous soups.


I had a feeling. Yeah. I tried to impose a rule that would prevent drinks, but I was quickly outnumbered, so, Right. Well, I, in, I ingest a lot of fluids Yeah. To keep the old pipes lubricated, so To speak. Okay. You, you were the first one to spill all over this. And you, it was like a full glass of water. Yeah, That's true. Okay. I did spill a full glass of water. Yeah. However, how many times have you been in here with, and she drinks it out of a stone bowl and it's some Armenian stew come on. Or potash. Right. Am I wrong? And you come in and you've got that big spoon. It's crazy big like the Flintstones.


You know what's funny is I'm thinking of hush hush, which it would come with like a, A hoof. What? How many times? Oh, I said once she was having some of this hush. And I said, what she got there and she said, you want some? She said, do you want the hoof? You want the hoof? Remember? And I said, no, I don't want the hoof. I'm trying to share with you. Okay. But that's all I'm trying to do. Well anyway, great staff. You. You're welcome. Thank you. I finally got you to admit that you do bring tons of, you bring H in in a big stone bowl that's been frozen for years. 'cause it's from the old country. Gotcha. Sona years. Oh my God. Eduardo, thank you for all your work and you are impeccable. Thank you very much.


My only question is, how valuable could your job be? If you can walk away from it completely and everything's fine. I built it so that Oh, you built it? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Okay. You're such a good surgeon that halfway through the surgery you can walk away for a peer review. Yeah. And I, You know what, I'm with you on this 'cause he did plug in and plug, plug out and plug in. That's what I would've done. Yeah. Yeah. I could do what you do. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, and also what do I do? I guess I'll reboot the whole thing. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Cession and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs.


Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes, incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aren Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista, and Brit Conn. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future


episode. You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan. And If you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever find podcasts are downloaded


Xfinity here. How can we Help? Hi. My daughter invited her entire class to her birthday party. Can my wifi handle it? Oh Well. At Xfinity, our latest gateways have Trib band wifi technology letting you connect hundreds of devices at once. So if all the kids are watching stuff on their phones, well their parents are sharing videos online. Yep. They can all do their thing and party their way. Oh, We are gonna need a bigger cake. Xfinity. Bring on the good stuff. Go to xfinity.com to learn more restrictions. Apply


Substance use disorder and addiction is so isolating and so as a black woman in recovery, hope must be loud. It grows louder when you ask for help and you're vulnerable. It is the thread that lets You know that no matter what happens, you will be okay. When we learn the power of Hope, recovery is possible. Find out how@startwithhope.com. Brought to you by the National Council for Mental Wellbeing Shatterproof and the Ad Council.