
Supercuts knows what you think. It's a quick, cheap haircut. You can get almost anywhere. Well, you're right about quick. Okay. I'll give you that. Yes. I'm gonna give you that one. You're right about quick. But Supercuts is not that cheap. It's not a bargain basement chop shop. Like some discount options out there. You got the wrong idea about super cuts, if that's what you're thinking. Yeah. Super Cuts just happens to have 2000 reputable salons full of trained proficient stylists who give great haircuts at reasonable prices. Right. Not some cheap chop shop. In fact, if you were to imagine a brand that was visited by nearly 25 million people last year with a satisfaction rating of 96%, man, wow. I Wish. This podcast had that 96% satisfaction. That's a lot. That's almost everybody. That's almost everybody. Yeah. What, what brand would come to mind if you were thinking about that would Super cuts. Probably not But. it should. That's the point. Supercuts is super convenient. Their salons let you check in at a time that works for you. That's what I like to, sometimes I try to make a, an appointment at a salon. Yeah. And. I say, you know what? Time works for me. And the person on the phone says, I don't care. You gotta come in. When we tell me tell you to come in, that's when you gotta come in. Okay. Yeah. And I'm like, whoa, this isn't, so I'm like a salon for me. Do you happen to know where Super Cuts is? Oh, good. Then they go, girl, Supercuts wins again. Super cut. Super convenient. The salons let you check in at a time that works for you@supercuts.com. Or just walk right in. It's your hair. It's your goal.


You know me, stone. I love adventure. You'd love adventure. And a man that loves adventure and needs one kind of car. Introducing the Nissan Pathfinder Rock Creek. Oh, nice. Squeezing through narrow obstacles, activate the intelligent around view monitor with off road mode. Mm. Plus the tubular roof rack has up to 220 pounds. Dynamic capacity for loading up your gear. Oh, I've never heard you say tubular. Well, it is most tubular, this car. Lemme tell you that right now. Find your path in the Nissan Pathfinder Rock Creek. Learn more at Nissan usa.com. Cargo and load capacity, limited by weight and distribution. Always secure cargo. Heavy loading of the vehicle with cargo, especially on the roof, will affect the handling and stability of the vehicle intelligent around you. Monitor cannot eliminate blind spots and may not detect every object. Driver should always turn and check surroundings before driving. See owner's Manual for safety information.


Conan O'Brien needs A Friend is brought to you by ADT. Let me talk about ADT for a second please. ADT spends all of their seconds helping protect all of yours. That's a cool idea. 'cause a lot can happen in a second. True Did. you know that That's true. That is true. Like, one second, your baby can't walk, then suddenly bang, they can walk. Except for me, I didn't walk till I was about nine. Oh, yeah. We don't know what was wrong. Legs were fine. Apparently it was just a lack of will. You Just chose not to. Okay. Yeah. No. One second. You're happily single. The next second you catch a glimpse of someone and well, maybe you don't wanna be single anymore. That did happen to me. Oh, I know it did. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And then years later, I met my wife, da da. Oh, I love you, baby. No, maybe one second. You have a business idea that seems like a pipe dream. And the next you have an LLC and a dream come true. Well, this whole second thing is really something. Yeah. And when it comes to your home, one second. You feel safe. And the next, well, even if something does happen, guess what? You can still feel safe thanks to ADT. After all, ADT is America's most trusted name in home security. Because when every second counts count on ADT. Isn't that nice? I like that. I like how that all came around. Yeah. I was worried for a while. It wouldn't get to ADT. I mean, I think ADT should be, she the one worried about it. But. anyway. Visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT ASAP.


Hi, my name is Nikki Glaser. I feel ecstatic, honored and quite tan about being Conan O'Brien's friend Fall here. Back to school. Ring Bell shoes, friends. Hey there. Welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a friend sitting here with Sona Sian.


Why Did? you say so? I'm just happy to see you. You're wearing No, you're not. You know what? You're wearing a very bright, is that a teal? don? Don't know my colors. don Don't know. But. it matches this, this tape. There's a piece of tape that tells you where to sit. Yes. Look at this so that your camera is on the right spot. Yeah. That's a great I. know I. don, where to Yeah. Put it back. Oh my God. You're, yep. Adrift. That's great. And then how are you Matt? I'm, I'm good. Yeah. You're All, right? Good. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Perfect. I'm feeling pretty Good by myself Now. Hey, you're, you're wearing a, is that a James Bond shirt? Oh, for fuck's sake. Is that don? Don't understand what your shirt says. It's directed by, it says directed by John Glenn. Yeah, it's just, It's John Glenn the astronaut. Oh, that's Two ends. No, John Glenn the Director.


But which one, which, what did he direct? Well, he Directed all the Roger Moore movies for the most part, the later ones. Oh yeah. Those are always considered the best ones. Hey, can we watch James Bond? Sure. Please, please Say it's Roger Moore. He Gets so old. My Goodness. I got a soft spot for that guy. I'm telling you the last Roger Moore James Bond movie. Yeah. He's 57. He's 57. Yeah. Oh my God. because there are fight scenes where it looks like he's being careful not to hurt his hip. Yeah. And then the, the love interest or the young woman, he puts her in bed and puts a blanket over her and then he falls asleep in a chair and watches her sleep to make sure she's okay.


Why don't you make her some hot soup? Well, he does. This isn't the James James Bond I signed up for. He goes And makes a quiche. He does? Yeah. 'cause remember that joke from the eighties that real men don't eat Kih. Yeah. Don't eat kis. Yeah. They were playing on that. But he does, he literally goes and makes her a quiche. Yeah. Yeah. Man. Okay. Well, well, I'm Not defending It. What? I'm just saying, they had to, it was good that they had a reboot. I'm not Defending it. I'm promoting it. Who's the bond? That's after, because Roger Moore, you know, he's great, but he was around for a long time. Yeah. He got a little long in the tooth. He Did the most. Yeah. And then he did the most James Bond movies. If you Don't count Connery's, unofficial turn and never say never again. Okay. Yeah. All. right. We'll see, this is good because I was being told recently how popular this podcast was and how it appeals to so many people.


And I thought, let's go a little niche and just shed some fans. And that's what we're doing right now. We're we're talking about, we're talking about Roger Moore. Yeah. But I think you were gonna say who came after him. Yeah. Timothy Dalton. Timothy Dalton. Good. I'm glad we He's pretty good. Yeah, no, I'm glad we talked About that. He only did two. Underused underrated. He never got his Real Bond movie Because he never, he wasn't, he was very fierce as Bond in emotional. He Was like, just kind of proto Daniel Craig, you know, before his time. Daniel Craig. Yeah. There you go. That's one. I know good and I know Pierce Brosnan. Pierce Brosnan had, and Pierce Brosnan was, I mean, he was, looked like he was born to play James Bond, but then Daniel Craig came along and you're like, what?


Yeah, this guy's it. He's amazing. He's amazing. Amazing. Well, I don't think we've ever had an unusable opening. Well, we haven't Even talked about Cony or Lazenby yet. No, no, no. So, oh yeah, let's go, let's do it. Can't. This is just nothing as you know what And I'm gonna say, I, I think usually when we just wing it, we get some terrific openings. I think this is a turd. I really do. I Agree. But just you brought it up. I didn't bring it up. Who be the New bond? Think who should be the new bond. Oh, yeah. Let's talk about that. I have this, I mean, since you're asking and since we're looking to lose listeners. Yeah. I think they shouldn't do an actor in a string of films. They should do various period set movies. Idris Elba in the nineties.


Michael Fastbender in the fifties. You know what I mean? Are you, who's in with me? Oh, Well, guess what I'm gonna say, don? Don't think that's a dumb idea. They, that's not, that's, that's a confusing way to say it. That's not, I'm gonna say this. Say I don't not support you I don. Not, not Ever complimented. Not, I don't, That's like a quadruple negative Of, of dumb ideas that not, not among them. Are you, are you he hedging or are you stroking stupid, Stupid idea that not sure it be says I That's your new bond right there. I.


don know. I think I, you know, listen, we have bigger worries in this country right now than, than who will be the next bond. And besides, it's not our choice. Isn't it up to Great Britain? Don't they get to decide? Yeah, I think they, they vote the Unbelievable that election. Get to decide. What do you mean it's their guy? It's he is their guy. Yeah. It's not our guy. I know he's their guy. That's, That's, I think they should figure out who buys the most movie tickets. I bet it's America. Okay. I bet we buy most of the Bond movie tickets. U-S-A-U-S-A. We should decide who the next bond is. Well, who Instead of A another. Trump please. And I. Think I'll decide now who Bond shall be. We had an empire about 600 years ago. Cough. Cough. A little Snuff right now.


A Chewy. A Chewy. A Chewy. A chewy. His name will be Nigel Bottle Bottom. He's an actor I just saw. Fantastic. He was in Lear. He played the guy who brings Lear some flan. Who do you think should be Bond? I would like a shot at It. What? Okay. Listen to me. There's, everyone thinks Bond has to be like handsome and stuff. And my point is maybe not so much. Right. And then he has to be like, no, I disagree completely Too. Okay. Let's say drop that part. Okay. A lot of people think he should, you know, needs to have like some don don't know loaded with sexuality. Yes. Sexual energy.


And, I say, eh, No, Eh, maybe not. Maybe Conan comes along and it's sort of more gender fluid. Oh, You could be, Which is of this time. Yeah. You, you Could be a great villain. Yeah. I think you'd make those Three villain. We've talked about this. It was Whirly gig. Do you remember we went, we had this Whirly thing. Worldly. Yeah. But we could do better. You know what? I could be a great villain. I can, because in the modern world, it makes sense that it's someone in the media. It's like a comedian. Yeah. But he also, he's like Nuclearized passive aggressiveness. Yes. You know, Somehow. Yeah. And, but no, but everyone thinks, oh, he's kind of, whatever he is, he's kind of funny. And I'm out there with my clips and I'm, you know, I'm, I'm out there. My clips are out there on YouTube and things are occasionally trending here and there.


And no one would suspect that guy. But meanwhile they've hollowed out a volcano and I'm in there and Imprisoned. No, I'm in there and I'm working with Jordan Schlansky and, you know, I'm taking over the world. Okay. I'd, I'd watch it. I don't Feel you'd be okay. I just want You don't think I'd be good for, for Bond. I want someone British and very delicious. Yeah. I, that's, those are my only I agree. Criteria. Okay. What about, oh, if I did it, there'd be the scene where, you know, the woman And I lock eyes and things are getting intense and we're finally alone and Yeah. And. then we go off into the bedroom and the door shuts, and then you just hear my voice going, Oh God. Oh God.


Hold on a second. Hold. I call you. I just need a little more time. What do you do? You're trying to, Hold on. Yeah, He's trying to do it. How many oils? God, I know. I'm, I'm allergic to those. It's got peanut oil. What do You think? I think you would absolutely kill the James Bond. I think you actually already, I already Just did. I think you, I no one's been able to just ruin it and destroy it. You could do it. I'm done. If that's what you're trying to do. Yeah. And the title of the movie, you Turn Golia, the time, the title of the movie would be A View to a, a Quantum of Oh God, No.


Time To Oh my God. License to, license to. Is that gonna Oh, looks impacted. All. right? I just brewing bond. You're welcome. You're welcome. Everybody. Apologies Bri for that crazy stupid stereotype. Yeah. Awful, awful person. Con O'Brien. Yes. My guest today. Oh, you Know, Hey, what's the opposite of awful? I'll tell you who my guest today is a hilarious comedian whose latest comedy special Someday You'll Die is available to stream on Max and was just nominated for an Emmy for outstanding variety.


Special good for her. She deserves it. She's also currently on her alive and unwell comedy tour. Tickets are available@nikkiglaser.com. I am really thrilled She's with us today. I love her. Nicky Glaser. Welcome. Have you ever done the fake Tan? It would look insane. No, it wouldn't. It? No, it would look, I mean, I'd probably get in trouble for like, oh, he's doing blackface or something. Yeah, It does. And I. I I, because The divergence of your skin color, two tan Is as much as a normal person Going white to black. Yeah. Al Jolson to blackface. That's the same as me having a tan.


No one buys me as tanned. And the truth is Sona. I always use Sona ass backup, but she's been with me all over the world. Yeah. I was in Rome recently. I was outdoors for maybe 15 minutes without sunscreen. Then we went into this Vatican thing to meet the Pope. Yeah. And all the other comedians are, are meeting the Pope. And then the comment on mine is, Conan O'Brien needs some sunblock. Look at that. Look at how burned he is. And I thought I was outside For 10 minutes. Oh God. And. I. Just Look, it's so funny. No, but I, I, I Just look like I've been day drinking when I, when I'm in the sun, I don't get a cool tan Did. you Did you wear sunblock as a kid. They didn have it. Like They didn't have it.


They didn't have it. So were you always burnt As a child? It was the 1920s. Yeah. And my mother, all my mother knew to do was send us to the beach And. it wasn't my mother's fault, but they didn't have sunblock. She would put white t-shirts on us and tell us, you can go in the ocean and run around, but you're protected by a white T-shirt, a white T-shirt, And. it does nothing. Not a high thread count. Especially when you're buying bargain T-shirts, which we were buying in bulk for such a big family. So no, I would be up all night shivering on the cot that I slept in at my grandfather's house because so my dermatologist has said, you will die of skin cancer. It's just we No, No. You Actually have great, he's A fun guy. Skin. Thank you for someone who has burned a lot. I protected this thing a moneymaker.


Yes. Did. you know? Yeah. Oh, I think we all know Nikki Did you Like, but when you, you would, because I would protect my face even when my friends, I mean, we all tanned in high school. Yeah. In the nineties. They, I don't think, you know, wearing sunblock was that popular? Or like SBF They're obsessed it now. Putting oil on your skin. Yeah, we were still doing that. Yeah. Yeah. Like baby oil, cooking oil. I remember people were putting baby oil on their skin to get a tan. Yeah. And we would sneak to tanning beds because it was like a bad thing our parents knew. But we, I would have to like sneak away and go to tanning beds. Like I was sneaking into a boy's house or something like, and go to our, to smoking cigarettes. It was the same kind of level of that. That's bad to do. but I was al I always blocked my face because I knew, like, I always put a thing over my face because I just knew that wanted You didn't Yeah.


You, you knew that wanted Be wanted be on TV someday in that, that manner. Yes. So I was just never outdoors. Yeah. That wasn't me knowing I was going to be on tv. That was just my lifestyle was, oh, you know, another book about Teddy Roosevelt. I'll sit in this cave and read it. And Do you, do you like the outdoors? Are you like a I do Actually go camping? I do I do like the outdoors. Yeah. but I, I'm not, I've Seen you hiking with Kevin. Yeah. I, I don't, That's the only time comedians ever do Ever, ever go outside. I know. And then you're just tolerating his endless bits. Oh my God. Which I love, by the way. No one adores Kevin Neen more than I do. And he's one of my role models.


Yeah. But I swear to God, if I called him up and told him my father had just been murdered, he'd do a bit right away. Yeah. I know. And then I'd be like, no. No. Really, they just, they were just, I'm coming. I'm at the crime scene. And he'd be like, well, better than the scene of crime. You know, he'd be like doing bits. Yep. Yep. And so, no, he's an empty, empty man. Yeah. I, I pull up his, his episode with you all the time when I'm in. Just need an, just to feel uplifted. I think probably people tell you that all the time. But that is just such a classic I 20 minute run that you guys had together where you were Eduardo you were timing them to see how long, if they could be, do a regular interview. We couldn't. We couldn't. It was So Fun.


We failed and at the End I loved you so Much at the, at the end, Kevin's just crying. He was crying. He was crying. And he went, 'cause we've known each other since 1988. And he went, you've just done so well. And it's so surprising. And what's funny is that he's being honest. Well, it is surprising, but don don't want this to be about me. I want it to be a little bit about you and then about me. I like it. Let's keep it about you. No, no, no. I I, I you're gonna just have to put up with this. Okay. 'cause I have to say some really nice things to you. First of all, you've been on the show many times and always been incredible. And you're having some people have a moment, And I think that's nice. They're having this moment.


You're having more than a moment. And it's because you deserve it. Mm. Because you are a spectacular joke writer, an amazing performer. And your work ethic is off the charts. So to me, when I watched, you know, everyone was like, oh my god, Nick, you know, Nikki Glaser, Tom Brady Roast, and you had this moment. It was the moment. You're always having moments like that. It's just that the planets lined up and everybody was watching. Oh. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. But, it was not, oh, isn't this incredible? Nikki had this amazing night. That's what you do. Thank you. And I'm telling you that I could tell that behind this incredible set, which will endure because it really is, no one's gonna do a better row set than that, I don't believe.


I think that's, I think you just did this thing, which is now going to be like, okay, where is it on the Nikki Glaser scale? It's a, it's a 6.2. Really? That's pretty good. You know, it, it's not her 10. I looked at that And I thought, this is lots of talent. But talent I've always said, doesn't interest me that much. What really interests me is work ethic and process. And then later on I read interviews. Good. Because I, the, it it, my talent is my work ethic. Well, I I do believe, well, I guess what I, I'm right with you that I I know. I honestly believe that I was looking at it And I was thinking she, she was not in a car on the way to this event writing this on the back of an envelope. Right. This is someone who got the assignment, and you correct me if I'm wrong, And.


it was like, okay, this, I'm going for it and I'm gonna put the work in. So you tell me what you did. Yeah. I, this is exactly what happened. I knew it was going to be this moment that a lot of people would watch or talk about, or I didn't realize it would be as big as it was. But all these roasts that I've done, I've always kind of done the same process where I like hire a team of writers, And I, treat it like, oh, I'm, if I was hosting the Oscars or something, I wouldn't do it alone. You like, you're standup act. I think a lot of times standups have to pride themselves on, like, we do just write everything ourselves and I do that with my own standup act. But this, I was like, I want it to be a collaborative effort. I know that that's how I've done great in the past. And it's, it's, and it's not my natural inclination to be like a roasty person.


I just, I'm not, I have to kinda get in that mode. So I instantly assembled a team and was like, here's who's going to be doing the Rose. Start sending me jokes. And then it gets, then I start thinking in roast mode and then I can start writing jokes. And then I took that set out of so many times Yes. To different clubs. Every single place. Testing, testing place. Then meeting with writers afterwards in between sets, moving things around, oh, let's change that word. Should I say retarded or retard? Like, like, you know, getting down, like having really, I'm so glad you went with retard. Right. I really, sorry. Having These really intense discussions about just, you know, the, the way you do when you, you're preparing for something like this. And, but I just couldn't, I just didn't wanna go. I didn't wanna have a set no matter what happened.


I knew that I could walk away from that. Whether I did poorly or great. I tried my best. Yes. And then I would have no regrets. I I, I love the, the feeling of doing well, but I also maybe more than that, hate and despise and loathe the feeling of I missed it. Yeah. That makes me feel so sick to my stomach and so awful for so long. And then revisits me like potential Marley's ghost, like time after time after time, the night you missed it. It wasn't as good as it could Have been. I get shivers down my spot. Yeah. I literally will convulse I'll be in bed and go, ugh. I'll shake with what I, a line that I could have said.


Yeah. That I blew in that moment. And, and it'll, it'll send a shiver down. Like I, my boyfriend will sometimes see me And. I'm just like, ugh. Because I go, I could have said this one thing, And it, And I. I'm, I'm plagued by regret about things. And I just wanted to not, I, I'm always trying to avoid that feeling. 'cause it's the worst feeling My wife will be in, she turns in usually earlier, a little bit earlier. So I'm, she's usually like reading or she's about to go to sleep and I'll be brushing my teeth in the bathroom and I'll be like, fuck. Yeah. Yeah. And she'll be like, what happened? What happened? Like a bat flew in and bit you. And I'll say, no. My interview with Eartha Kit 1994, I, I wasn't, I didn't have the experience and she came at me And.


it was just a mess. Yes. And I'm not kidding. And so, No, I'm Sure, but I was looking at your set was relentless. And at a certain point, I can tell that, you know, there's one thing when I don know, it's like in physics or something where a heat a fire is so hot that then the, the like, the air around it catches fire and there's no stopping it. At some point, you got to a point where you knew, oh, this is, you had to I can see it. Yeah. I think you're right. I think, I think before when people have asked me about this, I've said, I never really felt okay and like I could relax until I sat down.


but I think when you just said that, I'm like, no. There was a point where I felt the audience like embrace me. And, I felt, there's just these moments where you get co confidence that you don't necessarily have walking into it. And, I go, oh, actually I do I think I do deserve to be here. And maybe like these people like me and like they trust that this is gonna go well. And I've said this so many times, I don't even need to look at the prompter. Like, I didn't need to read it. I was kind of on my own. I I had it memorized. And I just Felt, well also, you know what you have coming in the pocket. Yes. So, you know, like, yes, I have, you're a bombardier. And you know, like, well I've dropped 35 very, but there's 75 still back in the payload. Yeah. And so, you know, you're loaded up. And, and So And I think I had probably, there was one joke in the middle that I, the wording was tripping me up on a couple sets.


So once I got past that one, which was the one that was going to be my Achilles heel, once I got over that, I was like, okay, well then the rest of this is gonna be fine. I know what I like, I you said I know what I have coming. Yeah. I felt prepared And, it really taught me that I need to do that more often. I need to give that kind of effort to everything I do. And then there was this moment afterwards where I was like, I can't give that much effort to everything I Did. You can't, it was exhausting. No, but you know what? You, you have to choose your spots. Yeah. Like I've had moments in my life where I always, where it's something's coming up and it's, you know, on a big scale. And what I do is I act like this is a bank heist. I have to find eight people are gonna help me plan this. We, we work on it every day.


Yeah. And you were there Sona when I would Yes. Whether it was, you know, hosting award shows or White House correspondence dinner or something. Yeah. To more, okay, I'm gonna do the late night show. And then when I'm, when the show is over, we're all going right upstairs and jokes are gonna fight it out and new jokes are gonna come in and some jokes are that we thought were funny are gonna drop out and it's just gonna be, and you do that and you go and you go and you go and you go and you go and you do that for weeks. And I think the reason I talk about this stuff, some people might listen and say like, well this isn't, you know, this is not fun to hear about. Or And I think people need to know that it's not just really smart, funny person.


Nikki Glaser got up in a room and killed that. There's a whole arc behind it that speaks to your character that brought you to that point. And I do think people need to know that. Well, I sometimes I'm like, don don't want anyone to know because I want them to think I just did this on my own And. it was just off the top of my head. And I'm that and I'm just that funny all the time. And the truth is, that's no, that was so much preparation going into that it felt like a Olympic balance beam gymnast routine. Like that's how precise everything had to be in that moment. And because it was live and there was no edit and, and pass roast, you can kind of go, oh, this joke kills 80% of the time I'll take a risk with that 20% if it happens. Right. We, they'll cut it out.


I know the editor I can text him. But this was like, no, we only have to do a hundred percent jokes that do a hundred percent. So we had to get them to that. Or they didn't make the cut. And that was really sad because a lot of jokes didn't make the cut, but I felt afterwards. I had like a, a couple days maybe even longer of feeling like, oh no, everyone's gonna expect me to be like in this roast mode all the time where I'm just this like, assassin that gets up there and is always this on. And it's just not, that just took way. I can't do that every day. Also, And I felt scared about Also, you're such a nice person. Thanks. And, and I, I thought, and, and, and the thing Is am my thing. The Thing is, no, you are, you're a very, I mean, I've known you a long time. You're a very nice person. And unfailingly nice to like you, you come in the building, you're, you're, you're kind to everybody.


You're very genuine. You've always been extremely kind to me. And it gets to this point where you think it's great to kill it a roast. But also what's so nice is I watched your special, you know, someday you'll die. And I was, and it's very different from the Roast, but very good. And and also very good. And my point is, you can do so much more than that, that you don't wanna be someone who's like, let you know it's Nicki the Roast girl. You don't wanna do that. Yeah. I I Because there's a lot more to you than that. And you know, there's, I think, but you know, when I did the Roast, it was like, everyone's like, this is the greatest thing we've ever seen.


You won MVP. I've never gotten that for anything I've ever done in my life. I mean, maybe for appearances on your show. 'cause honestly I treated that at this in the same way I would prepare in ways that I don't really prepare for. No offense. Other, I mean I I do prepare a lot for talk shows. But you just mean have meant so much to me that I wouldn't, I I would always have everything memorized that I was going to say and like, know the beats and know the order And, it was like And. it was a lot of work. Went into all those appearances. And, I would get that kind of, those accolades after I would do those things. And, I go, I can't live up to this. I just gotta be who I am. And it's so tough. Be it. Isn't it like to just like accept that you aren't what you might want to be because I wanna be you.


You know, and I'm just not And that's okay. And I watch you. And sometimes it's hard to watch you to be honest because Okay. I know why You are so sharp and quick and your word choice is so, I mean, I studied this what you just say, This is just making you I would Be him. I would love to be Conan O'Brien. I would give anything. No, you wouldn't I know you're a tortured soul. But, you know. But can I Just say, can I, but he also tortures other Soldiers. Yeah. Right. That's just, yeah. That's called collateral damage. And you're gonna take it. I, last time I checked you, she'll get in a paycheck.


College students get 50% off Walmart plus memberships, so you can get things like talkies, lab notebooks and socks delivered straight to your dorm deal. Ends September 13th to join. Now Walmart plus free delivery on college essentials. $35 minimum for free delivery for eligible college and grad students. Ends 9 13 24 C term subject to change


As a B2B marketer. You know how noisy ad space can be. It's noisy out there. Yeah. If your message isn't targeted the right audience, it just disappears with the noise. Like a little crouton in a giant storm. With LinkedIn ads, you can precisely reach the professionals who are more likely to find your ad relevant. With LinkedIn's targeting capabilities, you can reach them by job title, industry company, and more you'll have direct access to and build relationships with decision makers. A billion members, 180 million senior level executives, 10 million C-level executives. I Wish, I was a c-level executive. Start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. That means business to business. They'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco to claim your credit. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions apply. LinkedIn, the place to be, to be


Sonic has embraced a new harmony of textures and flavors with the latest burger, creating a completely different experience introducing the Sonic Smasher. Yeah. Check this out. It has two Angus beef seasoned patties, smashed and seared, crispy on the edge and juicy in the middle. That's layered with two slices of melty American cheese, a signature creamy and tangy smasher sauce, crinkle cut pickles, diced onions, and served on a pillowy soft potato bun. Hmm. guess what Sonic is going to be sending us these smashed burgers. Ah, yeah. Yeah. You excited about that? I love Sonic I. do And I the idea of burgers that have been smashed together. Probably using some sophisticated cyclotron that fires the two patties at each other. Yeah. A thousand miles a second to create a whole new patty. I can't wait to try that. Try the Sonic Smasher today. Live Free Eat Sonic. All patties are proudly hand smashed by sonic's dedicated team of Grow masters. No cyclotrons are used in the making of the Sonic Smasher.


When I walked away from the roast being, you know, I was, I was trying to just throw myself under the bus constantly of like, oh, you know, it's like when someone wins the Super Bowl or MVP, it was really a team effort. And it really was for me with, with my team. but I was like, okay, walk away. You know what I'm gonna give myself credit for? I I know what's funny. I'm, I'm a good curator. And I really did run that I know I picked that set and someone else could have had every element that I had and would've done a totally different set. So I give myself some credit for that. I give myself some credit for the performance and the timing. And And I did write a lot of the jokes. And, and And I, I could, I could find a way to say, okay, I'm special, but then I also don't wanna get, I don't wanna get don don't wanna think that I'm special either.


don don't wanna think too much. Right. That I expect. Yes, I understand that. Believe me. I, but I'm really hot. I understand that you are. And that's what I'm taking away from this Drop dead. Gorgeous. Thank You so much. And, and, and you just have to sum like, and you can't walk around thinking that, but every now and then you've gotta just go into like a phone booth. If they even exist anymore. Where's this going? No. Gonna phone booth And it just be like, do the phone booth. You say quietly to yourself, Nikki. Yeah, I am. I am. Very hot. And then you come outta the phone. You need to say that to yourself. Yeah, you do too. Conan, you could be attractive, handsome guy. Yeah. But there are Two of those little isolation phone booths here in the studio that you guys could Yeah, I can Do that. We'll each go into our separate phone booth and talk about how hot we are.


Have do like affirmations because I I honestly do that sometimes. Not the beautiful mine Are all negative I Know. That's why That's the Problem. Various negative things about myself. Yeah, no, I mean, but you have the same struggle of like feeling like less than in, in, in various Ways. but you know what's interesting? I think you can probably relate to this. I believe that our core sense of self is molded at a very early age. And so I was in a very different situation when I was 7, 8, 9 years old. And that's when sort of my view of the world and my place And, it was formed. It's like that's when the cement dried and then later on.


And What is that view? What Is. It. What do you take away from that age? Oh, Getting picked last to be on a team. Right. Kids give me a hard time. I got a funny name. I've got a lot of freckles and orange hair. And, I don't quite know where I fit in And I. And Is that when the amping up the sense of humor kind of took over? I think at That age, I think it's, when I think what happens, I've always had this theory that you were, you're given this like little bag of tricks when you're born. You don't even know what's in there. And then you spend time finding little things and you're like, hi is great athlete in here. Geez. I don't See it. Yeah. Yeah. And, and for me it was totally, for me it was this bag feels kind light.


Like I walking around and seeing other people with their bags and they're just like, yeah, all this stuff is coming outta it. Totally harp prodigy. Yep. Throw a fastball 90 miles an hour. Yep. Looks like a young Carrie Grant. And I'm going like, ah, just some chap stick And an old receiver also. Yeah. And also there's still a lot of, it's in, it's a relatively new bag, so there's a lot of tissue they put in it just to fill out the bag. Oh my God. And I'm like, it looked fuller, but this is just tissue to, and then So where did you get the first kind of inclination, oh, you have a special skill for comedy. Because that had to be the, that's where you go. I, I found it in my bag. Third, Fourth grade. I start to realize that I'm That young.


Yeah. I start to realize that I'm, people are really laughing when I'm doing things and then they kind of gimme a break. But then I keep devaluing it. And I. Keep thinking, well that's just for your friends. Hmm. That doesn't really, so it took a while. I mean, it's really not until college that I see the real value of wait a minute, writing because That's when the pussy started coming in. Oh Man. Professor Pussy here. Yeah. Professor Pussy drowning in puss. Yeah. Nope. But what, what in college? That's when it you go, that's when I Something. That's when I started. Yeah. And then, but then it's still took a long time because physically it took me a long time to, for me to come into my own. 'cause they grew tall, late, very quickly.


And I'm six four, a hundred and fifty five pounds. And I've talked to structural engineers and they say it, that's not possible. And I'm like, And, I. I see pictures from that era. And. I. Look. It's fucking crazy. So, so crazy. But yeah, that's what, that's what happened to me too. Yeah. Like I, I was anorexic at, at college. I've probably told this on this podcast before But, it was absolutely, I loved comedy. Absorbed it all was always just laughing at my friends and under just admiring them for how funny they were. And And I definitely had funny lines here and there. And I just would study comedy But. it wasn't until college where I, I was so, you know, skinny and no one wanted to be friends with me.


And I was so just someone that everyone was making fun of and whispering about that. I was like, I gotta, I gotta do something else that people are gonna talk about. I gotta take control of this. And that's when, that's when I started to hear, oh, you're funny. And then that's when, that's when I found that in my bag. I didn't know that I was looking in that bag that you're talking about for so long of like, what is gonna be my fucking thing? Like Yeah. Yeah. I wanna be, I wanna I know. I wanna be a performer. I know I wanna be on tv. But what doing what wasn't good at acting wasn't getting, I didn't go to even like a performing arts high school, but I was still getting like Jewish towns person B in the diary band Frank, you know, like And I was a senior. Like this was supposed to be my moment to finally get the lead. And if you do it right, that's the role.


That's the role people talk about. And so forget this hand Frank bitching and moaning who look at that Jewish towns girl in the back. And so I I really was just so discouraged. Tried to go to theater school, didn't get in anywhere. Ended up going just to, you know, state school and you know, liberal arts all just figure it out along the way and just really was like, I don't know what I'm gonna do. And running out of, I wanted to be a singer. I wanted to, I was told that that I wasn't good at that. It just, nothing was going to pan out. And I was feeling And. I was like, I'm gonna be a mom. Or like, I can't, I'm gonna kill myself. but I can't, I really was like, can can't believe I have to kill myself someday.


I really thought that. I remember having that Yeah. Feeling when I didn't get in theater school. You talk about it and you're special too. Yeah. And yeah, And it, I mean you're, you have this capability of going crazy dark but then pulling, pulling up the plane before it gets to be too, you know, I just that the talking about suicide and my special and and suicidal thoughts. Like I I, I've had those for so long and have been doing comedy for over 20 years and never really talked about it on stage or felt like it was like something I could reveal. 'cause I felt ashamed about it. 'cause I was like, I don also don't want people to think in the business that I'm gonna kill myself someday. Therefore they won't gimme a job 'cause I'm a liability But. it turns out they don't give a shit.


If you kill yourself, their show will do better. Yeah. Like it's, I really thought You really looked at the numbers here. Wow. You're really crunched it. I really, it would affect My career. Yeah. But. it doesn't to say that you think that way because then I learned that, you know, those thoughts don't mean you're gonna do anything with it. And and then I was thinking, okay, what's funny about this and the, the, the ability to make a, a chunk of jokes about having thoughts about wanting to kill myself, real thoughts and being able to have people laugh at that and, and be able to get out of that and make put that in my special was a huge achievement because that, that chunk was not doing well for a while. But then I kind of broke it when I figured out that you can excuse anything you're talking about if someone in your life was affected by that thing.


Like you can joke about cancer if you're like, well I lost my partner to cancer and like, oh, I've been through it. I you do a great run on this. Actually I have cancer. Yeah. And when I, when I just had that moment of like, oh, I can talk about suicide because I'm gonna kill myself someday. Like that, that kind of, when I have that excuse, I, I like to find ways in comedy where you can say offensive things and no one can be mad at you. 'cause I really don't want people to be mad at me. I really like having that to back up and say, well it's just true. Yeah. Because I don't like to offend anyone. don don't wanna trigger anyone. don don't want people to leave feeling, you know, had a, having a panic attack. 'cause I brought up something they've been through. So I do offer refunds to my shows. Oh, you, Oh, If, If you leave my show panicked 'cause I said some word that made you think of something that happened to you.


I'll Venmo you back your money. Right. At least the part of your ticket though that I got made, you know? Yeah. I really will. 'cause I don't, don don't like, You know, there'll be cheap skates sewing. It's going. I didn't like the part where you went, welcome everybody or Thank you, you've been great. My dad. That really triggered me. My dad never said thank you so I want my money back. Yeah. Yeah. That's like eating a full meal at Denny's and saying Yeah. Yes. Just didn't quite do it for me. Yeah. There's a very funny thing that you said in your special, which is, which was actually it, it served two purposes. First of all because you were talking about suicidal ideation in people that, that and have any of those kind of thoughts. You give the number people you should Yeah. That should call. Yeah. Which is 9 8 8 9 8 8 And you say 90 eight's the number you call if you're having And I.


I thought like that's important. I wanted to repeat that. Yeah. And then you said it's not 9 1 1. Yeah. And you had a and you had a really funny you mind. Yeah. What's, what happens if you call nine one one, If you call 9 1 1, they're like, you know, I think I'm gonna, you're like, I think I'm gonna kill myself. They're like, call us when you do and then they hang up on You because why is there another number? Why do we need it? Yeah. We don't do that part. Yeah. You call 9 8 8 then, then you know, we come later on if, you know, call us back When your Jaw was hanging out. I mean It was really, oh my god, it's, but I, you know, I thought that was a great joke because it was really funny and informational. Like I thought, okay, yeah, you got the information out. That is what I wanted to do. Because I don't think you, I don't think legally you can talk about suicide without saying something like that.


And I was already wanting to get that number out because it was a long number. It was like a one 800 number that no one could remember before. And so now they shortened it. And I have a deal with myself if I, I'm not don don't think I'll, I'll ever do that and, and would never even attempt. I've never even been close to attempting. But, 'cause I'd have to clean my room first. I always realize because I'm gonna have company, you know, The coroners coming over and so I Really do think that My son, that's so fucking dark. It's, It's such a darker version of your, your grandmother saying make sure you have clean underwear and chase. You have to go to the hospital. That is a much darker version of that. Yeah. But I think that that and that And I honestly think my vanity has kind of like kept me from even taking, going to the next thought.


And so yeah, I just, I wanted to get that number out there because I know that there are a lot of people that are like, I, no one cares. I'm gonna kill myself. And I always say, just call the number first. You can do it after just at least call the number first. And I. And I'm not saying do it after, but I'm saying if you are so dead set on this. But, but okay, so let's just see, just reach out to someone. And I think it's, it's very important to get that out there. But yeah, it was, that was a, that was an achievement for me to be able to talk about that. And, and And I I have even more to say in my next special. It turns out Well. So I'm gonna trick you into saying it here and then you can't do it. No, no, no. I'm kidding you. You simulate a gang bang. Yeah. By yourself. Yeah. In a mini dress.


Yeah. On a, on a stool And. it is. So it is really something to see. First of all, I learned a lot about what, 'cause I'm, I'm so uptight and naive in my own way that I'm not quite sure how a gang bang works. And then you're you're acting it out. Yeah. On a stool. And I was like, oh Yeah, yeah. I, so I was laughing. But also there was a how-to element to it for me. Well That's how I I when I was talking about what, you know, the porn that I watch and that involves gang bangs. I really thought like everyone kind of knew what that was. And then I realized, I thought back to when I, before I had gone down that road in the porn world, because you don't start there.


You, I don't think I'm, I'm, that's where I'm ending either. I think there's many places I can still go because You know what? Always push the you can always grow. You can always grow. Yeah. You can always expand and in, and this is porn knows. Don't limit yourself. Don't dream big because Right. Porn I started with just naughty nurses. You, That is where you started. And now I'm with naughty orthopedics. Well They know Because they, if you watch porn, they'll, they'll suggest things to you that they think you'll like. And the other day I felt so proud of myself 'cause I saw something that involved urine. Like it was like a, you know, just the thumbnail, And I could see that involved urine And I just was like, oh god.


And I felt so like good that there's something, there is a like a bar for me. And then I I can tell because I'm like, no, I don't want that And I could tell the, the site is just like, okay, we'll see you next week. Like, sorry we jumped the gun on this. Oh yeah, you're a little early, but you'll be here. You're a week away. This is Where it ends. We've, we've crunched the numbers. Nikki, This is Where you're headed. And I am It gets at 69 Hot Dick. There is but there is this I'm Just, I'm imagining what her, I just think I, I think I nailed. Yeah. You clearly never watch porn. Well I'm seen. I didn't think You think you have to have a username? I Know. I know. It's so cute. Shit.


I've been using my actual names. No. Yeah. But it's all like Victorian porn. Oh, okay. It's all things like, oh, have that hoops cut off you. I'm Listening once I finish this snuff. But it's Watching porn, like it's a lonely thing. Obviously you're doing it mostly when you're alone, but there's so much funny stuff going on in that world and you don't really have anyone to talk to about it. And so it's, it's be on stage being able to share my experience in that world and have people laugh. It's like the only way, 'cause I can't even talk to my friends about the stuff that they want. Like it's not even something you can talk, you really can't talk to anyone about what you see on there and what you witness. And I find that comedy is a great way to like, for me to kind of exercise that guilt that I have of the stuff that I'm witnessing because I'm not alone.


These are cat gang bangs a category that's like right up center. But Don't You don you just said this, this is kind of where I want to go with this. That is so much of what I think this is about. Yeah. Kind of. Which is shame. Well, no, but also you saying don don't know. I have in my life, I have people that think, oh, it must be nice to be in that situation. And I think, I don't know it. It's just been a constantly evolving situation and pain is a regular part of it and disappointment. And I think we have a, we have a world that doesn't show that. They just show almost in that card Kardashian way. Like everything's cleaned up and looks so perfect.


Yes. And looks so idealized. And I Just think it's really important for people to understand that okay, this, this is what it takes to be a Nikki Glaser and this is what the, and these are the things that are part of your personality and you share it with people and it's really funny. but I think it's, I I hate to say 'cause it sounds so corny, but I also think it does some good Yes. For young women that are in, You know, I'm adamant about telling the secrets that make me look a certain way on TV or make me even perform a certain way. Like I need people to know this is not just how I'm showing up. Because I grew up looking at women in magazines and we didn't really know, we knew about airbrushing, but we didn't know about all like the teams that they had around them.


And the And I didn't know about fake eyelashes or hair extensions and all these things. And so whenever, whenever I do anything I, or get compliments on my looks or, or anything like that, I ha I, I remember I was working on that show F Boy Island and the director's young daughters came to set and they were And I was really just dolled up. I looked like a princess. And they were like, you're so beautiful. And, I. Go girls, let's look at this. This is, I took out my hair, which I have on right now. I unclipped it. I go, this is all fake. Everyone, every woman you see on TV is wearing this stuff. I go, these are fake eyelashes. And the director's in my ear and he goes, thank you so much for doing this because no one does this. And these girls and these girls were admiring me in a way that, that they wouldn't, had I not been wearing all that stuff, And, I, they need to know because I suffered so much from not knowing that stuff.


So I think that's really what drives everything I do is like, I want young girls especially to have all the information that they need to go forward and not feel so, like, so there's something wrong with them because they don't look that way or they don't, they don't have that kind of success or they don't have, they don't know, they're not as sexually advanced. I mean that was a real problem for me as well was just that I was scared of boys for so long and that's, I think that's why I talk about sex all the time is because I just didn't have information about it. So I was scared about it. Yeah. And, I didn't wanna do it. And my mom also told me at a very young age, if you're ever alone with a a boy, they'll, they'll all rape you. And so I, she literally gave me that Sex talk. That was because she wanted to scare me.


Like, you know, that kind of parental thing of, but she also, I child, She, I think, I'm just gonna say, I think she took the wrong course there, right? Yeah. When she used to wa my, my mom would watch me, my dad would go to work. We lived on like a river. And she was so scared that I would venture off and drown that she told me, if you ever go down to that river, if you ever go past this driveway, you will die. Geez. You will die. And so, you know, you just believe her. And my dad would come home and go like, let's go kayaking. And I'd go, ah, And I. He's Screaming And he wonders why I don't like the outdoors now. but I Really? Yeah. I, I was just a, a terrified child. My, my first word as a child, multi syllabic word was, was dangerous. And I would point out things that were dangerous.


And, I, I was completely in fear of everything. I couldn't public speak in, in seventh grade. I would have to, you know, present during recess or when the other kids were like at recess alone with the teacher. My dad would have to call because I would shake so much in front Oh wow. Of the class. I would always do presentations that were glow in the dark so that I could do it in the dark so that no one would see me shake. And then one time Mrs. Tuckie was like, why don't you give the presentation with the lights on And? then we turn it on. And I was like, no, that's not the plan. And I'm just shaking so much my kneecaps, I would feel like I was gonna fall over And I. Just, I, and, and then that really butted up against the fact that I wanted to be on tv. I didn't know what I was gonna do.


And, I. Just remember there was a moment where I just like, you can't live and regret you're gonna regret if you don't try. Yep. So I signed up for a play that I had no business doing, but I just had to go do it because And I think that's my whole life is just signing up for things. I'm scared of saying yes to things that I'm terrified I'm gonna fail at. Sure. And then I have to fulfill it. 'cause I don't wanna disappoint people. And I think that's really a, a key component of my success. Yeah. Do you feel the same way? Do you, do you say yes to things that you're scared of? And then do you dread it? Yes, completely. I say yes to things. And it's funny 'cause you've been around for this Sona, but I'll say yes to things and they always say the same thing. Like, they're, they're almost hoping I don't say yes because they know the hell that I'm gonna go through, but then they're gonna be part of it.


Oh, yeah. Because I'm gonna be going, oh, great, great. Okay, so this is now in six weeks. How am I supposed to do this? Yep. This can't be done. Yep. No one's ever showed up and done this. And they'll be like, yeah, they, they do it all the time. Like, like hot ones. I really wanna ask you about what your preparation was going into that, because I don't Think there was any preparation. What, I mean, The only preparation was, was Dr. Arroyo. My first thought was, don don't wanna just taste the wings and talk about the wings. I have to go in and be a total asshole. I just have to And I have to have a physician present, and that has to be Jose. So good. But that's kind of all I knew. And then everything else from then is just this has to keep ramping up from the thing that just happened.


And, and because I've never, I mean, I've seen most of what you've done and I've never seen you, you know, you're not someone who drinks a lot and you, you don't lose control. You're always in control, even if you're seemingly out of control. Right. And, I felt like it was the first time I had ever seen you maybe on the brink of losing control because you, you were in so much pain. It was, but you still, but you were fighting it and you still had it And. it was one of the most brilliant things I've ever seen. Thank you. It was, I, I read everything afterwards about what, you know, all the interviews you've done, and I've seen you talk about it on the show. And I, I wa I've watched Dr. Arroyo Yeah. On this podcast countless times and shown everyone, I think is one of the funniest 20 minutes that's of I've, I've ever seen in my life of any It was so fucking funny that he was, I Oh, I thought I was meant to take your pulse.


No. I know is the, is one of the funniest lines I've ever in my life. Life. God bless Jose. And you know what's really funny is I, I read so many comments of people saying that they thought Jose was gonna come in as himself, and that I was gonna be myself and we were gonna cop to no and just do like a behind the scenes. It's like, glad it fuck you. That's not what we're doing. It was so perfect. It's going to be, this is gonna be our relationship for the rest. It's One of the, for the rest of our lives, it's my favorite thing of the year. but I w but I wanna know when you, when the, because I don don't think I've heard you talk about what the pain was that you were experiencing in that moment. Because, you know, I'm gonna say the, the, the, if I think something's funny, And it sounds crazy, but if I think something's funny and it's going well, the performance energy or whatever, that just takes over And I, I've a car filled with big jockey guys backed over my foot about 10 years ago.


And I think broke it. And I was having a good time. And rather than ruin the evening, I just decided, fuck it, my foot isn't broken. So proceeded to go and have a lot of fun with these people. And then woke up in the morning and my wife saw my foot and she, it was all like, didn't look like a foot anymore. Jesus. And she said, we gotta go to the hospital. And I went, no, we're just gonna keep going and it's gonna go away. And. it did. Wow. And I. Swear to God. Like there's a, now you walk like the elephant I know. I know. I didn't say it was a smart thing to do. And there are times, listen, there are times kids when you should go to the hospital, but I come from kind of tough, tough minded people.


Tough people where they could just compartmentalize really well. Yeah. And my father once had, he had a big surgery, and this is a bunch of years ago, they had to go in and like, pretty much cut open like his, his torso and do this big operation for colon cancer and he survived it. And he, but they, they sewed him up and he woke up and he's a doctor, so he knows that time in the hospital is dangerous and that medications that sedate you and, and kill pain, slow recovery. So he woke up, he yanked everything out, he got up, put on his clothes with like this giant Frankenstein stitch down the side. And I flew home to visit him in the hospital.


but I gonna drop my bags off at home first and be there just when he comes outta surgery. And I ring the bell for my, you know, brother to answer. And the door opens and it's my father. Oh my God. White as a sheet. Oh my God. And he's like, hi, How are you? And then I said, oh dad, dad, you should be in the hospital. And he went, I'm fine. Then I said, well, I'm gonna, after a while I said, I'm gonna take mom to a restaurant, you know, take her out for a restaurant. And he went, I'm Coming to My God. And we went to like a fish restaurant in Brookline Village and he's went, This is lovely. And like Blue Foam is coming out his mouth. And I have a bit of him in me, which is, it's, oh my God. I've always thought, you know, if I'm about to go out and do something and someone, you know, I'm gonna say lower caliber bullet.


Sure. But a 22 And I got hit. Yeah. And maybe it missed a vital area, but still bad. I'll go and do the thing. Yeah. I, I, and then I'll come backstage and I'll say, Sona, I think it's time Yeah. To go to the nearest hospital. Seen it so Many times. The pain, the pain will, have you seen it? I've seen you in that mode Many times. Yeah. At this stage in my career, I'm no spring chicken. And at this stage in my career, it's fun to see. I, I think we're, we're pushing it to like a slightly new area. So let's do that now. 'cause when am I gonna get to do it again? Yeah. Do you know what I mean? That's And I think that's what we're all, that's not just me. That's if you get a chance at this point, it Was so inspirational. I mean, I really was comedically.


I was like, I wanna go there someday. I'm not ready to go. I'm not ready there. The sauce is ready, I'm ready to let go in that way. And to, to just trust that ev that, I don't know. There was just something you trusted yourself in that moment, like you had just arrived. I was like, Conan knows. He, he can be untethered and unhinged and it's just going to, it was just so confident. And And, I did have a feeling that you weren't feeling it. I mean, I know you were feeling, but I just, I could sense that. But a as soon as you got in the car, is that when the pain came on? The pain was also, I, well I walked out. Yeah. And. it was like a dressing room. And I went into the dressing room and made the terrible mistake of wiping my eye. And that burned like crazy.


That's just like acid in your eye. So I was remembered washing out my eye, then tried to clean up as best I could. And then I hopped in the car with David Hopping, who took over as, you know, assistant for Sona. And he's driving me back home. 'cause I, we knew I probably shouldn't be driving. And my hand started burning, and I've talked about this, but underneath my wedding ring, which burns anyway because I think it was a, yeah. I mean, come on. That was just a mistake. I should be out there. Fucking it sucking. Oh man. We're mostly socking. Oh No. What? Or fucking I know. I'm all confused now. But. anyway, underneath my wedding ring, it was burning and burning and burning.


And. I took it off. And. it was all discolored. It was just 'cause Yeah, it's an acid And. it got trapped underneath my red ring. Was Everyone in the crew just like all of a sudden triaged to you because everyone's so shocked. And I've talked to some people that have worked on the show and said, no one, no one's ever done anything like that. And we were all really concerned. And what They didn. I wasn't getting a lot of concern. I mean, were people like, you know what I was getting? Oh, this'll get some clicks. Oh, they were so excited. For sure. It'll be good for Buzzfeed. Oh, It so good. This will do All. Right. But I, I experienced whatever Happens to him and hey, if he dies more clicks. Yeah, Exactly. Of that's the mood. That's what I was getting from that. Yeah. I always sign whenever someone, I never know what to like write when people, I'm signing things and I'm just like, if I die tragically sell this for a lot.


Because that's the, because it'll, that is just writing someone, like giving someone a thousand dollars. If I die in some crazy, it's a savings bond. And then I And I only write that a hundred times. That's a hundred people out there that have me predicting some cra like that is giving someone a gift. but I wanna say that, like, I relate to the pain thing. 'cause I wear, you know, like, I try to dress up when I'm on stage. I try to like live this kind of like pop star life that I might not ever have in my, in my own life when I'm on stage. And, I, dress up, And I wear these heels and pe after the show, people are like, how Did, you do that for an hour or what? 20 minutes you're up there. And I don't feel it all. But the second, the second I stop out, step outta the spotlight, my feet ate. I I throw them off my feet. And. it doesn't happen for an hour and 20 minutes, I'm up there.


Right. But the, I'm like, literally the foot goes into the, the, the dim light. And I am throwing them off. So it, there is something about a performance that makes you numb. Yeah. And I think. Yeah. That's why, because you're so I should have surgeries during podcasts. Yeah. I think that's, if there's a mic in the room Well, and someone asking me about My process, I am, I feel sometimes it's weird, weird thing for me to say like, I'm proud of you because I am not related to you. And, but I have this kind of avuncular feeling of oh God, but no, just like, I'm, so you put in the work and you are principled and you are very talented.


But as I've said, it's all the other stuff that I think makes the difference. I've seen so many people with talent not do much with it or misuse it or mistreat it. So I'm very happy for you. Thank you. Conan. That means so much to me. On a personal level, And, I, take full credit for everything you achieved. You should take full credit Because I was No, he should not. No. Yeah. No, no. And I mean partial. What I mean financially. Oh no. I should participate in your success. Write on one of those death siess and Square. Anyway, Nikki, I'm proud of you. I love you. Keep doing your thing. I Love you. You are. I said the first time I met you, but you, I would not be doing comedy if I hadn't discovered you.


I really wouldn't. There's just no, there's no way. Like you, your show opened my eyes to a thing that was just, I became a a a I I'm a huge swifty now. And I always talk about my obsessions through the years. And you were my first like, obsession where I go Wow. Before Taylor Swift. Yes. It's transferred now to her because I don, I Was, I happily passed the crown to Taylor Swift. Yeah, no, I mean, I can still am such Wait a minute. Could such but I, because I wanna wrap it up, but have you, have you met Taylor Swift? I met her before. I was a huge fan. Okay. So I met her b before it it My life. Because now I feel like you are so, you are a famous fan of hers. And. I feel like it has to happen. Like we need to orchestrate a, a meeting. I have you ever felt this way about someone? You care so much about that you just almost wanna, you just wanna stay a, a fan?


Because I don't, I don't even want her to have to deal with my me crying and having to like, and sometimes with the She's she'll handle it. She'll be fine. Yeah. I think I, I think it's gotta happen. I'm just gonna put it out in the universe. Yeah. Taylor Swift. Let me text her. Nikki Glaser. Yeah. You were texting her when I came in. Oh. Freaking new. And you were news, like, just let this relationship keep going. And if it falls apart, maybe I'll take you out again. You're not throuple with Her and Travis. Yeah. You Travis. Another shot. I'll tell you what, it's not the balance you would think Nikki Glaser be Well, thank you doing Dylan. Keep doing your Nikki Glaser thing.


Thank You for having me.


Anytime You wanna watch your favorite TV shows and movies on a TV whose clarity, color, and contrast really shines through. You need Samsung Ole. Yeah. No, it's not some Swedish monster. It's Ole Let's Samsung Ole Immer you with unbelievable details in picture quality. They're AI powered processor upscales your favorite movies and shows in brilliant 4K resolution. So even old content looks amazing. And our podcast has never looked better. I've seen my podcast in Samsung. oled, my face comes out through the screen. Oh, I'm there with you. Don't be afraid. That's what I really look like. This is the only OLED TV validated by the industry leading color experts at Pantone. You can experience colors as they're meant to be seen. They Know colors at Pantone. One of my big pet peeves when watching TV is glare. I hate glare. I hate it too. Yeah. I have to wear sunglasses sometimes when I watch tv. But the oled, that doesn't make sense. S nine five D has OLED glare free technology so you can watch with almost no glare. You know, I'm a big gamer. I love me games. Yeah. I love my games. I love SLE Busters. I love playing Cosel Sizzle. Cosel Sizzle. Ooh, I'm really good at that one. I got to level nine. I visited the planet of Jabali. That's why I'm excited that the Samsung OLEDs Motion Accelerator delivers ultra smooth 144 hertz motion. And the AI auto Game Motel is your game settings to its genre. My video game skills have never looked better experience to be the way it's meant to be seen with Samsung oled. Visit samsung.com/oled to learn more. Upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experience may vary according to types of content and format.


Sona Miller Light keeps it simple. Yeah. I do unbeatable quality, great taste. Only 96 calories. I've counted 98. You counted not 97. You counted the calories in it. Yep. I have a special machine. Only 96 calories. It's the beer that strips away everything you don't need and holds on to what matters most. It's the original light beer since 1975. People always think, is it great taste or is it less filling? Hey, how about both? Hello? Yeah. Ding Don. Can I come in? My name's Hello. You don't have to choose what's best. Miller Light has great taste and is less filling. Tastes like Miller Time. Oh yeah. In the middle of Miller time. Yeah. I look at a clock. I see, you know, 12, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, and then 12 again. Yeah. My favorite part of the dial Miller time. Okay. If people ask you a time, it is, do you just say Miller time? Every single Time. I say two hours to Miller Time. Hour to Miller time, Miller time minus two. Let's try my kids. So when people say, what time of the day were they born? I say, well, my daughter was born Miller Time plus four. My son was born Miller Time minus three, and then my wife's in the corner crying. You don't have to choose what's best. Meite has great taste and it's less filling. Tastes like Miller. Time to get Meite delivered right to your door. God, I love America. Visit meite.com/ Conan or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories per 12 ounces, fewer cows and carbs than premium regular beer.


Sonic has embraced a new harmony of textures and flavors with the latest burger, creating a completely different experience introducing the Sonic Smasher. Yeah. Check this out. It has two Angus beef seasoned patties, smashed and seared, crispy on the edge and juicy in the middle. That's layered with two slices of melty American cheese, a signature creamy and tangy smasher sauce, crinkle cut pickles, diced onions, and served on a pillowy soft potato bun. Hmm. guess what? Sonic is going to be sending us these smashed burgers. Ah, yeah. Yeah. You excited about that? I Love Sonic I. do the, the idea of burgers that have been smashed together. Probably using some sophisticated cyclotron that fires the two patties at each other. Yeah. A thousand miles a second to create a whole new patty. I can't wait to try that. Try the Sonic Smasher today. Live Free Eat Sonic. Oh. Patties are proudly hand smashed by Sonic's dedicated team of Grow masters. No cyclotrons are used in the making of the Sonic Smasher.


Last episode, we talked to Lisa Ro and you had a blood pressure monitor on the entire time, and we thought maybe we'd check in with you and see what the update is on That. Yeah, well I have some, I have some news for you guys. Okay. Nothing's, you know, I think wrong with me. Well, that's a whole other thing. Ding. No, my doctor said I always had great blood pressure. And then more recently he said, huh, it keeps notching its way up. And so he said, why don't we just put a cuff on you And, it just takes your blood pressure over 24 hour period and you just wear it and you forget about it. Well, he, he lied because you don't forget about it. It's a giant blood pressure cuff, and then there's a, it looks like a catheter tube going from that to a giant World War II walkie talkie.


And you have to hold that. It doesn't clip onto your belt or anything. There's no place. So, you know, you're walking around a, holding a large 1940s radio that's attached to your arm, and then every 30 minutes this thing would inflate and take your blood pressure So. anyway, I, as you know, wasn't planning on this. I thought it was gonna be more discreet. I thought it would be some cool little tiny thing made by Apple that they like put into your bicep and you don't even notice it. No, I didn't realize that technology hasn't really evolved since the Three Stooges we're doing medical sketches. So this thing kept inflating every 30 minutes.


And I had to lug it around with me for 24 hours. So it ended up as part of playing a part of the Lisa Kudrow interview. Yeah. And So what were your results? Well, the results were interesting. Doctor calls me up and he goes through and he went, yeah, your blood pressure's all over the map. Hmm. And he said, it's, it's, it calms down at night when you go to sleep, but it's, it's these highs and lows. And he said, so walk me through your day. And so he started saying what was happening at this time? And I kept, I had a very good memory for the day before. And so obviously there are times where we're here doing the podcast and I'm sitting here with Lisa Kudrow, who's an old friend, but also a massive star. And so I'm, I'm activated, you know, but also then he'd say, well, what was going on at two o'clock?


Oh yeah. That's when I was having a wrestling match with my head writer, Mike Sweeney. And. I were just wrestling each other in the hallway. Huh. Okay. Well, what was happening over here? Oh, I think that's when I threw an orange at Sona. And, and so basically as I was walking through my day with my doctor, it became clear that I may, my blood pressure may not be artificially high. I think I'm just like a Tasmanian devil. Yeah. I'm an insane person. Truly environmental. But of your own making. Of my own making. Yeah. Did, you tell him The truth. Yeah. I told him everything. You Told him all that stuff. Yeah. Why didn't, why didn't you li lie? Well, because then he'd say, you need to be on a very powerful drug.


Oh, okay. I need to tell, I need to tell him. Oh, no, no, no. What happened? He said, you needed to Be on a different type of very powerful Drug But. anyway, it was just really fascinating to go through the day and realize, oh, but also I, you know, as you know, I'm, I work out in the mornings and yeah. He was like, well, what's going on here? And I went, oh, I'm, I am doing my weight workout and what's going, going on over here? I'm running full tilt through my neighborhood. Listening. Listening to music. Oh, okay. Then what happens? Well, then I get to work. Oh, good. Things must settle down. Well, no, that's when I, I see my head writer, And I tackle him and we fight. Okay. Oh, well then what happened? Well, I saw Sona and she had a sandwich. And I saw an orange, so I had to throw it at her.


Yeah. Then she threw a banana at me and a fight ensued. So. anyway, it was just, I was going through my, Through My whole day and realizing none of this reflects, my body is probably responding in the correct way. Yeah. And I'm, you know, but Are you okay? Oh, I don't think so. No. I think I'm not long for this world, but I've had a good run. I've had a really good run. You have? Yeah. I've enjoyed it. I've had a good time. It's about time. And no one should feel sorry. 'cause trust me, I did this to myself. Yeah, That's true. No, I know. You did So anyway. Medical science. Yeah. I just think you should take care of yourself. 'cause you know what? You're fine.


What am I do? No, no. Yes. I'm only thinking about myself. Do, you know what? you, if something happens, Calm happens to him. What? What? What do I do? Would I, can I say something? Would it calm you if I told you that there was a little something carved out for you? Should anything happen to me? Oh my God. Yeah. Yes. Now I wanna kill you. Yes. Careful. Whatcha doing? Whatcha doing? No, it's very specific. If I'm stabbed to death with an Armenian dagger. Oh No. As I put it away, A circa 1902 Armenian dagger. How did he die? He was choked to death using dried apricot. It was roll. It was rolled up To the tune of the saber dance.


Not the masturbating bears. No, don't say the bears part. It's then when people are listening to it, they're gonna say that. The other thing is gonna be, the coroner is gonna be running the blood test and say, oh my God. His garlic levels are through the roof. It's my calling carts. It's the garlic killer. The killings are focused in Altadena and Glendale. What kind of, what is this guy Someone is making? Is shoving way too much garlic into a pita and forcing, forcing gangly Anglos to eat it.


Gangs. Gangs. Gangly Anglos gang. Hey, we got another gang went down. Don't tell me. Yeah, Altadena. No. Get over there. And then they can smell the garlic before they even do the blood test. I got a deceased male gang on the streets. We got a gang. What Am I called? What am I? I called the garlic gr. Oh, I want a cold Name. Oh. Oh, come On. Improv people do it. Boo. The arm maniac. The arm maniac. That's pretty well, the arm maniac is loose. Another gang glow was found. A six foot, four inch red haired, white pasty irishman with garlic levels 9,000 times the normal level.


Oh, well, who found him a jogger? Well, a jogger was a mile away and smelled a lot of garlic. So altered her course to go by and there was a gang, low And. then we knew the arm maniac was back All. right. Well, don't worry, I've carved to something a little something out for you that's All. right Later. Conan's gone. What do I get? Here you go. Sona I know a little fruit tree. Oh, That's nice. Sweet. I'll take a fruit Tree. I have a tree in my backyard that you The pomegranate tree. You're welcome. Yeah. It's responsible for all the good things in your life. It's Very nice. Yeah. You go on every day and stumble the pomegranates. Anyway.


Okay. It's fake. Okay. We can edit this last part out. Beware Maniac. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive, produced by Adam Sacks, Nick Leo and Jeff Ross at Team Coco and Colin Anderson and Cody Fisher at Earwolf Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista, and Brit Conn.


You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan? Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode, and if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever find podcasts are downloaded,


Join me, Dr. Panico with Cindy Lauper and Chef Michelle Bernstein to talk about plaque psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis. The potential connection and risk of developing permanent joint damage. Cosentyx Secukinumab is prescribed for adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis, 300 milligram dose, and adults with active psoriatic arthritis. 150 milligram dose. Don't use if you're allergic to Cosentyx before starting get checked for tb, serious allergic reactions, severe skin reactions that look like eczema and an increased risk of infections. Some fatal have occurred, it may lower your ability to fight infections. So tell your doctor if you have an infection or symptoms like fevers, sweats, chills, muscle aches, or cough, how to vaccine or plan to, or if IBD symptoms, develop developer worsen. Learn more at 1-844-COSENTYX or cosentyx.com/cindy.


I won't let my active psoriatic arthritis joint symptoms define me Emerge as you tremfya. Guselkumab is proven to significantly reduce joint pain, stiffness, and swelling in adults with active psoriatic arthritis. Some patients even reported less fatigue as assessed by survey. One week prior results may vary. Tremfya is taken by injections six times a year after two starter doses at week zero and four, Serious allergic reactions may occur. Tremfya may increase your risk of infections and lower your ability to fight them before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tuberculosis. Tell your doctor if you have an infection or symptoms of infection, including fever, sweats, chills, muscle ache, or cough. Tell your doctor if you had a vaccine or plan to Emerge as you learn more about Tremfya, including important safety information@tremfya.com or call 1 8 7 7 5 7 8 3 5 2 7. See our ad in Food and Wine Magazine for patients prescribed Tremfya. Cost support may be available.