
Man, we were just in summer, and then we're like rocketing into Halloween. I know. I'm on the beach. We're in my Speedo 10 minutes ago. Oh, no. Now I'm dressed up as a guy in a Speedo on Halloween. That's your costume. Yeah. It saves money and time. Yes.


A lot can happen in a second. That's why ADT spends all their seconds helping protect all of yours while you're out. The ADT Plus app gives you complete control over who has access to your home. It's great with the Google Nest doorbell from ADT. You can know for sure if the person at the door is a scary goblin or just your next door neighbor. This season may be spooky, but you can feel secure. Hey, Sona? Yeah. With this app, I can stop by your house and you can let me in remotely. Okay. Or I can just pretend I'm not home. Oh, when every second counts count on ADT. Visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT ASAP. Google and Google Nest doorbell are trademarks of Google. LLC


Well falls here. Everyone's getting back from vacation headed Back to school. You know what that means? That's right. Time to get back into Bombas. Mm oh man. The amazingly comfortable socks, teas, and underwear that give back with every purchase they have the best socks for fall. Now, these aren't regular old fall colors. They're actually playful and kind of fun. And the Merino wool socks are so cushy. They're like walking on pillows. And. I've walked on pillows. Oh. And Bombas And. It's the same. Yeah. I like 'em too. Yeah. So ready to feel good. Head over to bombas.com/ Conan and use code Conan for 20% off your first purchase. Let me explain. That's bombas, B-O-M-B-A s.com/ Conan. Code Conan at checkout.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hey. Hi Mustafa. Welcome to Conan O'Brien. Needs a fan. Hey, Mustafa. Hey Conan. Oh my God. Sona Conan. Matt Conan. I, I'm, I'm being a fan boy right now. It's like, thank you for inviting me here. Well, Of course. We're very happy to meet you. Mustafa. Tell us, where are you right now? I am in Baggio City, Philippines. Baggio City, Philippines. Where is that? Say I, I, I mean, I know where Manila is. How close are you to Manila? Because now we have a new highway.


It'll take you around three to four hours to reach baggy city. Okay. If you take the highway, if You take the highway, If you want to go through the, through the scenic route, it'll take you seven hours. Okay. What if I was hopping on one foot? Huh. Hmm. I never, I never thought of that. Well, You gotta think of these things, Mustaf. If you're gonna be giving people directions. Tell us a little bit about, I'm sorry. Tell us a little bit about yourself, Mustafa. What are your interests? What do you like to do? Who are, who is Mustafa? Mustafa Mustafa. I am trying to be the Philippines greatest action star. Whoa.


That is my, yeah. That is my goal. Right, right now, I quit my job when I was in Dubai, 10 years working for 10 years. And, you know, I said, you know what? You know what? I'm going to take a, take a bet on myself and try to be an action star in the Philippines. Yeah. So I'm half Filipino, half Arabic, and half amazing. And so, wow. Sorry. but I had to get that Out. That's no And I like this. I like that You're betting on yourself. I like that about you. Yes. And, okay. If you wanna be an action star, let me ask you a question. Some action stars are martial artists. Are you trained to be a fighter?


I trained to be a fighter, yes. I'm actually a martial artist. I live the martial arts life. I've been a martial artist ever since the, the age of eight. Wow. And I've been into, I, I've been a delinquent for so long when I was younger, you know, get into fights because, you know, I was born angry. I just want to fight And I look different from, from typical Jordanian. I grew up in Jordan. I look Japanese, so people were constantly bullying me. And then when I went to the Philippines, I don't look Filipino, so I was also bullied. So I got into a lot of scrape scraps. And when I grew Older, you what Mustafa, there's an old, there's a song by Johnny Cash, the singer Johnny Cash, A boy named Sue. And the whole idea is that a man names his boy Sue, and then he's picked on all of his life, but he becomes an amazing fighter because his dad called him Sue.


So, okay. What you're basically saying is you've never felt like you fit in. So you've become an amazing fighter. Well, I don't wanna say I'm amazing fighter. I'm just like, if, if you want to describe me, I am amazing at protecting my family. So that is my goal right now is to be amazing at protecting them. Well, that's admirable because if trouble breaks out, I will leave my family. Believe me, I, I Try, I try, I'll leave them to fight the bad guys. And I will take an Uber to the airport and, and go to a safe, safe haven that I have compared to myself. Believe. Believe me. Believe me, I tried. I tried.


But you know, people will look at me badly, so I I know I have to keep up the image. See, I lost all self respect a long time ago, so people look at me badly Now. I've, you got to, so tell me, what kind of, what kind of martial arts do you practice? I started with karate when I was young. I trained in karate. I reached almost blue belt in karate when I was young. I trained in judo, a Brazilian jiujitsu. I've taken also the Filipino martial arts artist. I'm a silver medalist in that. Wow. And I've been training in boxing ever since 2003. And then I trained really hard to be an MMA fighter for a, a Arabic league But.


it fell through because I got injured. But yeah, so that's okay. And, I may be forgetting. Let me, lemme ask you a quick question. Do you think some people practice martial arts and they only use it in the gym, but they could never incorporate it? Incorporate it into their lives? Do you think if I jumped out and attacked you from nowhere, you'd be prepared As much? I hope so. As much as possible, yes. I am practicing something called hin. I'm not saying I am perfect at it. I'm still a student as of now. It is basically hin, it means in, in Japanese martial arts, it's the state of relaxed alertness. So I have to always be prepared.


I, my body has always be prepared, my senses, I never dull my senses as much as possible. And, I'm outside. So you, I hope so. But you know, Hin it's called because I feel like I practice shin in comedy. I am You do I do. Yeah, I am. I am, I am calm, but also always ready for any attack. Ready for a bit. You're just ready for a bit or an attack. I actually believe that, Matt. I Actually believe that. Yeah. but I, but I think that I am, I am calm, but I'm constantly I know what you're talking about. Constantly aware that at any moment the calm could break. And I must be ready. Exactly. Yeah. Except instead of chops, it's sarcastic aside.


Yes. Yeah. So very similar. Yeah, you're chopping, but the chopping has nothing to do with it. Okay. Tell me, what can you tell me? Because I would like to get better at fighting. Why do you laugh? That's very hurtful to me. Musts. You hurt my feelings. Why would you laugh? I know why Sona iss laughing. Because she can actually see what my arms look like in person. But why are you laughing? No, no, I'm just laughing because fighting should always be the last option. But yeah, I know. Well, I like it. I want it to be the first option. Oh no. You know, I'd like to rent this, I'd to take out this library book. Well, let me check. Bam. I want it now. You know, Punch immediately. Oh, How? Tell me, I Do the same sometimes.


Tell Me about the strike. The strike is important, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. A strike. Oh, I like, I like that form. Yeah. But a strike should always come from zero to 100 zero to 100. Telegraph. That was like, I've, I've measured this. This is 22 miles an hour. No. Is that bad? That's not, yeah, it's, it's just, it's just, it's just a, a saying. For example, you never should never accelerate it. Like from zero to 10 to 20 or never telegraph your punches. So a punch, It's gotta be instant. Show me yours, I don. Dunno if I have space or if you're here. Yeah, I see it. For example. No, no, sorry. Please don't. That was fast. I like that.


I like you also played different characters too. Yeah, that was really good. Ker sir. Clout. Wait, the guy doesn't want you to hit him, but then you hit him. Yeah. Loose scenario. That was a confusing scenario. So I have to take, I have to do what he said. Right? Like, how about This? Right. Look at my scenario. Wait, is this oat milk? It's not Jesus. Hey con justifiable justifi. I would do the same. There was nothing Intimidating About what you just did. Nothing at All. I wanted almond milk. Oh, If it was almond milk, it'd be intimidating. But no, that was not intimidating at all. It's okay. You're Just not outside. That's only thing Of drinking. The only scenario I could come up with was a guy who wanted oat milk and didn't get it.


And then that's, he has to go. That's his only choice. You know? To be fair, somebody ordering oatmeal, it means he is, you know, he's ready to go for a fight. No, it's Oatmeal. Milk. Somebody's drinking oat milk, Right? No, it's not. It's to be fair. It's not oatmeal, it's milk. Sorry, sorry. Now I'm gonna fight you. I thought, I thought You were drinking oatmeal. Sorry. Sorry. Oatmeal. That's not what I said. Some trips are better in an Airbnb. It's just true. Like the trip you want to take with extended family where you wanna stay close, but not all be sharing one


bathroom. That's key for me. Okay. That's why Airbnb is the choice I often wanna make. Or for example, the couple's getaway where you'd rather have your own pool than share one with a bunch of strangers. Ugh. Oh, when I'm in a pool with strangers, I start shrieking. Okay, that's weird. Or that last minute. Local getaway when you just really need to get outta the city for the weekend, but don't wanna deal with the airport. You know, I have to say, I've used Airbnb a couple times, And, it always makes me feel like I'm at home even when I'm away. Do you have that area of that I do too? I mean, I have, you know, I have two small kids who are loud. And so when I'm in a hotel, I feel a little uncomfortable. Well, you're Allowed too. Oh yes. Okay. Yeah, we're all allowed. And then in a Airbnb, I just feel much more comfortable. You're traveling. Well, not a self-conscious. No. Yeah. And also you're staying in someone's home. Yeah. It's got that vibe of comfort, relaxation, normalcy. Instead of some stuffy hotel where they, yeah. don don't wanna mint on my pillow. Hey bla. You use Airbnb, don't you? I do I love it. And And, I will say it. It there's staying in in someone's place really does add a lot. I'm a huge Stephen King fan. And the last Airbnb I stayed in had this book from a Buick eight, which is one of the few Stephen King books I haven't read. So I actually started reading it in the Airbnb. It was pretty awesome nerd. And you know what I do? Sometimes when I'm at an, I often travel with a picture of myself in frame. Oh boy. And I. Take it out. And. I. Put it up. And. it feels like home. I travel with my own framed headshot. Do you leave it there for as a gift? No. No, that's mine. Those things are precious. So if you're booking a trip soon, my number one tip is to check out Airbnb first to find the perfect place to stay. Because your accommodation really does make all the difference.


FedEx doesn't know your small business yet. Hey, whatever your business FedEx knows, the last thing you wanna worry about is complex shipping. Yeah. You know what I mean? When it's like, wait, much of benign, different categories of shipping is this. Who needs that in their life? I don't. That's why there's FedEx one rate. Sona. Did. you know that with FedEx one rate, you can ship your holiday package cheaper than the post office. I didn't know that. Sorry. Post office. I'm a patriotic American, but FedEx got you beat on this one. Send packages as low as $14 and 50 cents for small boxes. It's simple, it's reliable, it's predictable. With FedEx one rate, you'll know your business is shipping costs ahead of time. That's nice. I love that. Guessing and stressing not included when you use FedEx one rate so you can spend less time on shipping and more time on what really matters. Growing your business. Sona, you gotta get a business and start growing it. Okay. Okay. Visit fedex.com/one rate for details Exclusion, supply valid. Ten six twenty four through 1 19 25 FedEx one rate two day retail shipping, one flat rate.


There's nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you. Check this out. That's nice. Whether you're going on a weekend getaway outta the mountains, or let's say you're on a dream vacation, or in my case, a work trip to Thailand. It's just fantastic. Let me explain. It starts the moment you take off with free in-flight wifi. So you can stream your favorite show on the go. I mean, that's incredible. That is actually pretty sweet. I love that. I mean, that's insane. I'm always there with my credit card. You know, I can't figure it out. I lose the credit card. Yeah, the phone is stolen. Someone punches me. You start crying. I cry a lot when you land T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands and an upgrade to Hilton Honors Silver Plus you're covered with five gigabytes. Five gigabytes. That's more than four of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with the go 5G plus or next plans. These are just a few of the perks that feel like big wins when you travel with T-Mobile And it, it's nice to stay connected to your family. I travel a lot, I do these travel shows. And if I'm filming another country, I know I can get to my family right away. Yeah. They usually don't wanna speak to me, but they have to. They screen your calls a lot, don't they? I suspect them of screening. Yes. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel today. Qualifying plan required wifi where available on select US Airlines registration and Hilton Honors membership required for Hilton Honors Silver terms and conditions apply


As a B2B marketer. You know how noisy the ad space can be if your message isn't targeted to the right audience. It just disappears in the noise. Lot of noise out there. Yeah. You gotta really make sure that that message hits, especially if you're a B2B marketer. Doesn't it sound like a boy band? It does, yeah. It means business to business. Okay. Thank you. With LinkedIn ads, you can precisely reach the professionals who are more likely to find your ad relevant. With LinkedIn's targeting capabilities, you can reach them by job title, industry company, and more you'll have direct access to and build relationships with decision makers. A billion members, geez. Wow. 130 million senior level executives and 10 million c-level executives. Start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. They'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco to claim your credit. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions apply LinkedIn the place to be, to be.


Let me ask you a question, Mustafa, because it's always good to know who the competition is. Is there a 'cause you want to be a, an action star in the Philippines? Yes. Is there an action star now? Who's, who's the reigning action star? The top action star here in the Philippines, believe it or not, his name is Coco Martin. Coco Martin. So that's, yeah. Can we Him up, can we look up Coco Martin? Let's See this guy. Yeah. And this is the guy you wanna replace. He's currently right? He's he. Oh my God, that's whoa, that action. What? He looks like he's from a boy band. Yeah, he is handsome. He's a good looking guy. He looks like he's here to host Extra, extra, extra.


That's a new film coming out him, that boy Boy's Nine is coming out and we're gonna talk to the cast. Wait, so that's Coco. I think you're tougher than Coco. Yeah. Th Thank you. Thank you. It's, it's actually, when you say that it's, it makes me, makes my heart, you know, on fire. I'm gonna punch somebody now. Okay. Wow. That's interesting. God forbid you ever fall, God forbid you ever fall in love, you'll kill someone. Gonna sit. I'm tough. Yeah, But listen, I I believe in you. I think you could be an action star. I think first of all, back me up on this guys. This is good looking guy. He's good Looking. He's got It. And guess it. And guess what? You have a lot of personality and you're clearly well trained.


I think he, you should be an action star. Yeah. And also when I see the existing act action star you guys have, I'm like, no, he's a weatherman in Denver. You are the guy. You're the guy, you're the guy. Mustafa. Oh, thanks. Thank You And. I Also, you appeal to so many different groups. You know, you come from your ethnicity because your ethnicity is, is, is mixed. You appeal to so many different groups. That's very cool. You were an action movie villain and you are the hero. If we could just role play a real quickly what that would be like, this is your big chance to shine, you know? Yeah. Do you wanna try something right now? Okay. Okay, let's do a scene. Give it to me. Give it to me.


Let's just say it. It's always revenge. Okay. So must Mustafa, you're just gonna be Mustafa. Okay. But early in the film, you were hanging around with all your pals and your buddies. And, I killed all of them. Oh, killed all of them. And you managed to get away. I thought I killed you. But you got away and you've slowly been killing everyone in my entourage. And finally, you break into the room where I am. Okay. And okay, Action. Oh, Conan, I finally found you. Okay. Okay, let's try that again because I, you go first and do exactly what you just did. And action. Conan. I finally found you Mustafa.


I was told you were dead. Well, I'm not dead because I drink Oatmeal. Milk is it, is it correct? Oatmeal I never drank. It's correct. I drank you, you Just dropped character to find out whether it was Oatmeal, Milk, or Oatmeal, which now makes you much less frightening to me. So, sorry, sorry. Corner Mustafa I to go with that one. Mustafa, I did fear you when you burst in here. And, I killed all your friends, but now not so much because you, you seem so apologetic about which if it's oatmeal or Oatmeal Milk. Listen to me. Well, you're listen to me. Listen to me. Yes.


You die. Yes. Today is the day you die because my fist go from zero to 18 miles an hour in four minutes, and I'm going to beat you to death. What do you think of that, Mustafa? I think, wait, I'm lost. I got, here we go. Here We go. You told me off the Name of the, the name of the film is Bring It. Okay, so, so you just look at me and you say, bring it Ana, bring it. Yes. All, right? I go to hit shoe. You block right. Block me. Yes. Then thank you for the That's a great sound effect. Thank you. I'm gonna keep trying to strike you.


You keep blocking and Matt, you make the sound effects. Okay. No, I hate your Oatmeal. Milk stop. What? The Oatmeal Milk. You never, it was a simple misunderstanding over a zoom. What I told you, you should drink regular milk. Who drinks that kind of me? I'm into The only thing I can do is switch to Shut that. Who was that? That was the sound of your Biceps. Oh, okay. So then you do one roundhouse kick where you twirl around and you knock my head off my body. Mustafa do it.


Okay. But I'm sitting down so I'm gonna do it via, via chair. Okay. I gotta, so yeah. So yeah. Technical difficulty, guys. Sorry about that. I love that. I love that. When we do, when we shoot this scene, Mustafa and I do hope we shoot this scene. We're gonna figure out a way that your character falls into an office chair and then have to do a roundhouse kick. Okay. Maybe you catch me And. I'm in an office supply store. Yeah.


Yeah. That's good. Wow. That was really funny. I loved it. I think I, I'm, I'm telling you a hundred percent God's honest truth. You have charisma. All the best action fighters. I mean, sorry. All the best action heroes also can be funny. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. Dwayne the Rock Johnson is really funny. A lot of these guys are funny and they can play the comedy too. And, I think you can do that. but I think, I think you've got what it takes. I really do. Conan Conan. I'm no joking. No joking. You are really my idol. I look, really look up to you and you saying that really humbles, man. I'm very grateful for that. Thank You. When you say I'm your idol, do you mean as a fighter and a physical specimen?


No, actually, to be honest, as a comedic genius and as a person, I, I idolize you. Okay. Ever since you were young. Ever since I was young. Well, you know what, that's a very sweet thing to say. Mustafa And. I am going to get in amazing shape because I'd like to meet you And I. I listen. If I can make you an action star in the Philippines, first of all, I would participate. I think financially, maybe we could work something out. Right? Okay. I I I can be paid by oatmeal. Okay. Not for that. I won't be mocked on my own show. Not Be sorry that I I love you, but I. Okay. Well listen, I'm, I'm very excited about this guy. I think you've got, I think you've got a lot of charisma and, and talent and I'm, I am honored to meet you.


I'm really honored to meet you and I've never been to the films Philippines. I have a friend, a close friend who's from the Philippines, and he always wants me to try and he says, if I go to the Philippines, I should eat ot. Do you like ot? Oh, I, I, I, I can't try everything but ot, I, I die whenever I eat that. You know, every time I eat it, I eat it. I, I like, I'm for one second, I'm in heaven. And, I. See all, all the, like I see Jesus Christ, And, I. I, I go, whew. What did I just eat? Wow. So I know. So It's like a communion way for you. So you really like ot, What, Is, It. OT is an egg, like a, a boiled egg, but they've let the little Yeah.


Baby grow a little bit Chick inside the chick chick. I've seen these. Yes. So when you bite into it, there's a little crunch of 10 beak, a little beak. you get a little beak, you get a little, yeah. Yeah. Yes. This is something that they eat in the Philippines. And guess what? Every culture's different and people love it. Right? People love balog. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Look, I'm, I'm not here to, to like disrespect anyone, but I cannot eat it. Like the taste is okay, but the texture and you, you see that? Yes. The crunching and then you know what it is. Yeah. And sometimes It old enough to go Please. No cheap. Cheap. please don, please. Cheap. No cheap, cheap, cheap. That's the bird. I Don't think it's alive, but yeah. That's your imagination. You'll be like imagining it.


Oh, maybe it's survived. And. It's just like I could still, okay, I'm kind of cooked, but I could still grow cheap. Too much. I toast Cheap. Cheap. No. Okay. That bite hurt. And. I lost half my body, but it's still alive. Cheap. Cheap. Ah, Listen, maybe I went too far. You never know Mustafa. You never know in my business because I too am always aware. Too far and ready to go in any direction. At any time. Yes. I know with any movement too far or not quite far enough. Mustafa, I Wish you well take. I really do. And I hope we get to make that action movie someday together.


I think that'd be a lot of fun. Thank you. Con thank you. Thank you for giving me the chance to talk to you. It's a dream come true. Sona. Matt, it's an honor to meet you guys. And, I will, I will cherish just for the rest of my life. And if you're in the Philippines, I will gladly, you know, have you here. And please visit the Philippines. You'll have fun here. I think I would, I can't wait. I want to do it someday. I really do. Yeah, we do our fight scene together. Oh, We're gonna do our fight scene And. I'm gonna, I'm gonna work out for the first time in my life. Mustafa. You take care. Be well. And I hope to see you soon. Hope to see you soon as well. Thank you everyone for inviting me. It's a great honor. Thank you. Bye. Have a nice, nice day. Take Care. Bye-Bye Bye-Bye bye. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive, produced by Adam Sachs.


Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer Aaron Blad, associate talent producer, Jennifer Samples, associate producers Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at siriusxm.com/ Conan.


Please rate, review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wherever find podcasts are


down. If the New chicken, big Mac at McDonald's looks like a Big Mac has three buns and sauce like a Big Mac, but has two chicken patties, then it's not, not a Big Mac. At participating McDonald's for a limited time,


Life can throw a lot your way. In the morning, you might be battling drop off times while your kids are battling imaginary monsters or their shoe laces. But no matter what life brings life, cereal puts a smile on everyone's face with 24 grams of whole grains and unexpected sweetness in every serving. It's sure to please even the pickiest eaters help start your mornings with life cereal.


I.