
How hot do you like it? Firehouse Subs is churning up the heat. They've teamed up with hot ones to create two new sandwiches. The zesty garlic hook and ladder is the milder option. Can you believe that? Those still packed with flavor. And for the bravest spice chasers, the spicy dill hook and ladder sandwich is sure to be a three alarm ion. Well, Sona bla, you guys sampled the wares today? We did, yes. You had yourself those hook and ladder sandwiches. How were they? They were great. And they had a kick. Yeah, They did. I, I did the zesty garlic hook and ladder. Oh. And, and I loved it. I took a walk in the wild side with the spicy dill hook and ladder and it was great. I loved it. Well, I'm glad you guys enjoyed yourselves. Find out how hot you like it. Try the zesty garlic and spicy deal. Hook and ladder at Firehouse Subs For a limited time, life doesn't go on forever. You gotta grab the moment, dude. Visit Firehouse subs.com to find a restaurant near you. Individuals sensitive to spice or the Carolina Reaper Pepper should not consume this spicy dill hook and ladder. Limited time at participating Firehouse Subs restaurants.


Hey guys, spring cleaning time. Let's start with your mop because that overgrown winter hair ain't doing you any favors. You look like Mo from the Three Stooges. It's sport. It's an old reference, but look it up. It's Sport Clips. Haircuts. They've got pro stylists who know men's hair TV's playing sports 24 7 in a place boat for guys. That's right guys. To get a great cut without the hassle. No appointments, no stress. You just wander in fresh cut in a place that's made for you Dudes. Yeah. Froze. Yeah. High fives all around. So shake off that winter scruff and step into spring looking fresh 'cause they got you covered bra sport clips. It's a game changer.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hi Raheel, welcome to Conan O'Brien. Needs a fan. Hey everybody. Hey Raheel. How are you? I'm doing amazing. So excited to meet you guys. Yeah, how are you? It's, first of all, where are you, where are you contacting us from? So, I'm down in, I'm down in Miami. Oh, okay. Other side of the, of the US. Yeah. Very nice. And tell us a little bit about yourself, Rahi. Yeah, so I'm a, I'm currently in my fellowship. So I finished, You know, med school and I did my training. I'm still currently in my training and I'm doing gastroenterology and hepatology. Oh. So gi good lord.


That's impressive. You're a gastroenterologist. And what was the other field too? And hepatology. So they go kind of hand in hand. Hepatology is blood. Liver. Ooh. Ooh, sorry. So, so liver connected to intestine. Yes. Intestinal track. That all makes sense. Okay. Yeah. And we'll clean that up. What do you want me to do? What, who, what? Who's gonna clean it up? Girls. I clean anything. Edit it. Who's gonna edit It? Yeah. Just so I know what hepatology is, You know? Anyway, leave it out. So you'll do as you're told. Okay. I'm sorry. Right. We could just Reconfigure it so that, so Rahi, how Are you?


Is actually blood? I'm doing great. It's great to meet you guys. Now, I've always heard hepatology is the study of the liver. Is that correct? Yeah. I actually learned that from your podcast earlier. Yeah, thank you. That's, yeah, I never make mistakes when it comes to medicine 'cause I too am well-trained. Well, first of all, congratulations, you're a a, a young man and you're seem like you're very well educated and that's very cool. And you've, you're gonna help a lot of people. Tell us a little bit about your training. What are you interested? Well, first of all, have you worked with a lot of patients so far? Has it all been textbook stuff? Yeah. No. So I've done, so, You know, our our med school is, are is four years after our undergrad.


And then we do three years of internal medicine, which is all, You know, patient facing, hospital based, long days, long hours. And then GI Hepatology is another three years after that. So I'm about halfway through right now. So it's been about four and a half, five years of seeing, seeing this is a Huge, it's such a dedication. It takes in the field of medicine. I, there is no preparation for being in comedy. There's no, it's, I am ashamed. I'm ashamed that you just get to dive in and be an ass and, and whatever, start getting to practice immediately. I'm so impressed by the fact that you've had, you've spent years and years and years of your life preparing.


And I'm glad you have because I'm sure you're gonna be very good at, at what you do. You're gonna help save a lot of lives. That's the hope. I mean, You know, even this many years and it, every day it feels like I'm still trying to figure out what's going on with everybody. So it's one of those things where learning never stops. You kind of keep going at it. New things, new experiences, new patient interactions. It all makes it worth it. Okay. I've talked about this a lot, but can you hook me up with propofol? Oh geez. Oh geez. Come on. It. I've, because I've, You know, when I've had colonoscopies, they give me this drug propofol, and I've talked about it before, but it's the happiest I've been in my entire life. It's an absolutely amazing feeling and it's miraculous. And so If you could become my secret illegal supplier of Propofol Secret, I don't see how anyone secret announced.


I don't see how anyone traces it back to us. I don't see one way that it leaks out and it's tracked back to us. That's just what I'm saying. By the way. I'm terrible at committing crimes. Have you performed any colonoscopies? Is that something that they've trained you to do? Yeah. Yeah. So we, we kind of get into it from day one from our training. So, You know, our first year we're fumbling around trying to figure out what we're doing. It's, it's a new technical skill and it's, You know, not necessarily Intuit when you get started. And then, You know, over the first year you, you really get your confidence. And then second year you really start to build your scale, build your efficiency. Can I just say, I hate to interrupt it, right? But brail doesn't that kind of suck for the patient if you're saying like, yeah, You know, first year you're just jamming a camera in there, you don't know what you're doing.


It's banging up against stuff and you just have to kind of force it. Isn't that, I mean, You don't wanna be, I don't wanna encounter you at that stage rahiel as a patient. Is that fair to say? You do with propofol? It's that magic stuff that Yes, You're right. Okay. So I, I wake up and I don't know what's happened Exactly. You, you ask after they wake up, they ask, are we getting started? And that's the magic propofol, Even though you've been banging around in there for three hours. Oh my God. Like banging around in just moving furniture. Come on. Do you think you're pretty good at it now? I would like to think so. You know, my attendings might say otherwise behind closed doors, but at least to my face I say I'm doing well. Good, Good. I would think when is the, I would think the technology's gonna improve to the point where you just swallow like a little pill or something and it works its way through your system really quickly.


And the pill comes out the other side and said everything is fine. Colon Is, they have one. Do they, They have one of those for the small bowel, for like the small intestine. But the colon is just so wide and distended it can't really take pictures of the whole thing. And thankfully I hope it doesn't because then I'll be out of a job. Oh yeah. See that's the problem is technology replaces a lot of, I mean, I'll be replaced by AI in about a year. Yeah. We'll have a fake comment here. Less, less than a year. Okay. Its good to know. Just let me gimme a heads easy. Our ratings might go up. All right. That's nice. That's nice. What, let's turn up the, let's turn up the knob on the comedy portion of the Conan.


Hey, it's working well. I think that's, I think that's fantastic. Now what about you? What does it does looking at people's intestines, has it inf has it at all adjusted or informed the way that you eat or the way that you treat your body when you look at other people's intestines? No, and it's like, it's always a running joke. Whenever you see GI fellows, you can always like tell who they are in the hospital. 'cause they're literally just running to the cafeteria, stuffing whatever the food they can in their mouth between procedures. And then running back to the procedure room. The, the field and the, You know, the practice is just so fast paced and we're just running to see patients running to do procedures.


I like literally, when I tell patients and counsel them in clinic, I just basically say everything I don't do in my life. And oh My God, that's, it's one those, that's fascinating to me. So you're telling them, well, it's really good to, You know, eat a lot of roughage and don't eat processed foods and it's really good to avoid the, and then you don't listen to it at all. I'll be stuffing a pizza in my mouth as I'm telling them that. Okay. All right. Are you pretty healthy? Are you a healthy eater? Other, other than when you're at work, when you're not, let's say you're not at work, are you fairly healthy about your diet? I, I'd like, I try to be, I'm vegetarian, You know, as, as just religiously. So that kind of lends itself to eating more like, You know, lentils and, and vegetables and getting your, your greens in, right?


Yeah. I'm not a big lentil guy. I'm gonna tell you right now, You know what I don't like I, me either. I couldn't even, I mean, I don't think I've ever said, Hey, I need me some lentils. Yeah. You know, or I, when I'm in a restaurant, I don't, it's not the first thing I ask the waiter, Hey, you got lentils? No. What's the lentil situation? Let's run down the list of the lentils. What's the lentil of the day? Exactly. I wanna see the lentils sommelier to come out and taste the lentils. So do you fast ever? I do. So because That's a big thing now people believe that fasting, and I would like your opinion on this because I know people that fast and they say it's good for them. And now there's a lot of science that's saying fasting is good.


But I always wonder, is it one of those things where 10 years from now they're gonna tell us? Actually it's terrible for you. We changed our minds. You know, I think, well, so I think the, I don know this is just what I've seen off of Instagram probably, but Oh good. Sorry. You're, you're a doctor, are you not? Hi doctor, could you tell us what you're seeing on Instagram? Can I have some of that pizza? I feel, hello Doctor, tell me what's on TikTok. Go ahead. Sorry, go ahead. Go ahead. No, I was gonna say, I feel like I've seen some people or some, some, some, some other experts kind of saying that the, the data around intermittent fasting isn't all that it was cracked up to be earlier.


So, You know, but You know, as, as far as fasting, I do not necessarily for the health benefits, but I did, just in terms of religion. Oh, Okay. What is Yes, can you, can you tell me specifically what your religion is? Yeah, so my religion is called Jainism. So practitioners are called Jane. And so we have kind of, You know, there's similar things in, in other cultures there's like Ramadan for, for people who follow Islam, there's like Lent and things like that. But in Jainism we have this eight day, eight or 10 day religious festival called Ian. And during that time we can do different days of fasting. You know, some people will do just the last day and then, You know, kind of as much as you can.


So I've done eight day fasts. You've done eight, so basically no food Eight day fast. Yeah. Yeah. I mean That no Food for eight days, no food of any kind or can you take some sustenance, Just boiled water when there's daylight out and this kind of stretches back, You know, to the start of the religion and the different, like pre-technology ages and stuff like that. But, but yeah, just water for eight days. Okay. I have questions as a, as a doctor, do you think that that's okay to go eight days without any food other than water? I don't, this was all pre med school.


Gotcha. Like, this is like me and undergrad, me in med school. Okay. I don't think it's the healthiest, I don't think it's the healthiest thing to do. Right. I do think it's a really interesting test of determination. Interesting test of self will. And you can really push your body to the limit in a, in a way that You know, outside of thinking medical, but you can really see what your body's capable of in those eight days. Are You even able to get out of bed on the eighth day? Are you debilitated? Yeah, no, you can live life as is. You know, one, the first time I did it, I was in undergrad the second time I was in med school. And you live life as is, You know, the first couple of days are the hardest where you're, You know, like I feel like if it's 11 o'clock and I'm like, it's lunchtime.


Your body's just so used to it. And then after like day one, day two, your body kind of adjusts to that feeling of, I'm, I'm not eating and so let me occupy myself with other stuff. And then the rest of the week, honestly just kind of, you, you just don't feel that sensation of hunger as much. You, You know why, You know, I think once you, that's because your body is eating itself on day seven. Hey, I don't feel so bad. Yeah. You just ate your heart. Your body's like, I'm good. Yeah. Liver's gone. Heart's gone. Now I'm working on the third rib.


Oh man.


I do a lot of traveling. Yeah, you do. You know that I do The travel shows nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, is it T-Mobile customer? You can take the perks with you. That's good. Isn't that nice? It starts the moments you take off with free in-flight wifi so you can stream your favorite show on the go. Obviously that would be this show I would think. Yeah. You You go in a plane and then you stream your podcast. If I'm anxious about a flight, the thing that calms me is seeing myself. And then when you land T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands. Did You know that? No. Yep. Plus you're covered with five gigabytes, count 'em five of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with go 5G plus or next plants. And I have to tell you, it's a nice feeling when I travel the globe for my travel work, I like to know that when I land in that other country, I'm covered. I'm there. Yeah. I can text you and say, Hey, I got here safely. Yeah. I forgot to feed my cat. Could you feed my cat? Oh yeah. You could remind me. I don't have a cat. Right? It's all good stuff. Yeah. You FaceTimed me before from another country and it was crisp. She was Clear. Yep. You could see every mark on my face. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel qualifying plan required wifi where available on select US airlines terms and conditions. Apply


This bracket season. FanDuel is letting you make the call. 'cause right now new customers can get $200 in bonus bets when your first $5 bet wins. You hear me? That's 200 extra binos to bet on. Everything from clutch shots to last second heartbreaks and even who's cutting down the nets. If you've been waiting to join, there's no better time. There's turn action not slang for tournament almost every day. And FanDuel has amazing bet types like spreads totals, game props and so much more. I know all about this. You do? Oh, I'm a real, it sounds like it. I'm a real Beto. I'm I'm, I'm excited because Michigan State, which is my team, I I think they're gonna go all the way. They're number one in the big 10. Yes. Yes. Let's go all the way. You know, don't shake your head, Eduardo. Listen, you are all Michigan all the way. You're always That's right. Ever since I've known you, which is like 20 some odd years. That's right. You've been babbling about Michigan. This Michigan that You gotta try a Michigan soup. You gotta have Michigan pizza pie. I love it all. And, and, and so yeah. I say with FanDuel, Michigan State all the way. Let's go baby. Go drink. Your favorite murderers are from Michigan. Anyway. That's true also. So visit FanDuel dot com slash conan. Get in on the college hoops action. All turn long. Turn is short for tournament. Must be 21 plus in present in select states for Kansas in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus and present in DC. First online Real money wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Visit md gambling help.org in Maryland.


This message is brought to you by BetterHelp. Quick question. Who's your support system? Have they changed your life? You know, it's, it's really important to talk to people. We live in very tense times. Yeah. And there's a lot of stress out there and it, I think few things work better than talking to someone, getting the anxieties and everything that's inside of you out. Get it out on the table. Think about your favorite leaders, mentors, idols. They don't have all the answers, but they do know when to ask questions or seek support from their community. So therapy can be a source of support for any area of your life. It's time to shift the focus from doing it all to knowing that we're better when we ask for help. You good at that? Sonic? Good at asking for help. Asking For help. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a very outward person. That's Yes you are. Yeah. And it's a good, but that's a good quality. BetterHelp is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide, you can access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Easy switch therapists, anytime at no extra cost. And that's important. Yeah, it is. You don't feel awkward about moving on if it's not the right fit. Yeah. This month BetterHelp is giving you the biggest discount on starting therapy that has ever been offered on this show. 90% off your first week. Your wellbeing's worth it. So don't miss it. For a limited time, visit BetterHelp dot com slash conan to get 90% off your first week. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/conan.


One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. I know, like I'm trying to sell my coal miners hat and it goes to a dance troupe. Ugh, that's no good. It's just stupid. That's where LinkedIn ads come in fortunately. LinkedIn is a network of over 1,000,000,001. You can't even count that high. I can't, I can't either. Link is a network of over 1 billion businessy people who might actually be interested in your business. You can even target your buyers by job title, industry, company roles, seniority skills, company revenues. Did I say G title? I thinking did to stop wasting budget on the wrong audience. That's just stupid. Start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will give you a $100 credit on the next campaign. So you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco, that's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions of Bly only on LinkedIn ads.


I mean it's all, it's all, it's fascinating to me because clearly there is a large religious component through, and in many religions there's a big religious component to denying yourself food, fasting, going without and, and people feeling like they reach a higher plane or that they feel that they've gained something by seeing what they could do by denying themselves. So there's clearly some kind of link here. It's just we don't know obviously what the completely what the science is and maybe it's different for all kinds of people. I don't know. Yeah, no, I mean, I just going through the experience, it really showed like what the body's capable of.


Was it the healthies thing? I doubt it, but it was an experience. And how do you break after eight days? Yeah. What do you, is the, is it, do you, do you get a a, You know, like a nine tiered hamburger, what do you get? I mean, I know you're a vegetarian. I'm just thinking about what I would do. I would, I would try to go to in and out and say, can you make a hamburger that has nine patties? Yeah, they can. That's structurally sound. That's what I shuffle. Like a deck of cards, You know? Yeah. I want a card dealer in here. Yeah. A really good one to shuffle the patties and make a nine tiered sandwich. And then I want my jaw unlocked so I can eat it in one bite. What is your, what is, what are you, when you, when you, when you would break fast, what would you eat?


So you actually have to go very slow. Yeah. Because you basically have to re rere rewa your bowel and you're not gonna like this. But it's not even lentils, but it's like lentil water. So like the water that you Oh, you cook Your lentils in. I'm a big fan of lentil water. Don't get me wrong. If I, I'm, I'm a foe of the lentil. That is my lifelong foe is the lentil, but lentil water and I are best chums. Yeah. It's just that And like sugar water. Yeah. And you just try to wake your, You know, wake your, your GI system back up and then you slowly, slowly advance data. Right, right. Do you have a question for Conan Rahi?


I do. And it's like a, You know, a life dilemma that I'd love to get some insight of yours. So I am planning on proposing to my girlfriend and so, You know, I'm about to start the whole ring shopping thing and her parents happen to be jewelers. And so I would like to know how you would kind of navigate the clear conflict of interest when I have no negotiating power on my side. Okay. It's, your question is, you don't want to purchase the ring from the parents. Is that it? I Do, but how would I get the best deal or negotiate my way? Oh, when I have no power on my side.


Can you hack With your future in-laws? But are You assuming they're not gonna give you the best deal that they might be trying to make a profit off This? Do they, do you get along with, do you get along with your girlfriend's parents? No, I do. I do. Okay. They're lovely. They're lovely. Okay. So my guess is they're gonna give you a good deal. Nah, but that's the assumption that you, You know, that's what I He can't go anywhere else. Right. He can't go to another jeweler. So they're just gonna be like, well he gonna, they put to the ringer gonna pay whatever we tell 'em to pay. Yeah. I, I would Pay, like, I need to, I mean, first of all, three Times the price. I don't know these people. I don't know who they are. You tell me they're nice people. I'm questioning whether you have to buy the ring from them. You Have to.


Well you could say rahe, that it's important for you that the ring you give your future wife have passed through your body. Oh. Oh, that's not what I thought you, I said Mm. Like listen to where I'm going with this. I just wanna be an independent man. No, no, that, that and you, it's important to you that a, you buy the ring and that then it passed through your gi track. Okay. No. In order because that's such an important part of your life. And they're not gonna wanna sell. Yeah. It's, they're not gonna wanna sell you one of their rings once they hear that. It's a symbolism of, It's a symbol of your, you, it's a symbol of what you do, your profession, what you're giving your life to. But also you are willing to process this ring in every way.


Oh my god. That a human can process something and and then they're gonna not want to sell you a ring at that point. God, No. 'cause there's a good chance it'll get stuck in there like a sunflower seed. It's not what rahi, you'll buy it, you'll buy a ring that will pass easily through the, the lower bow. Will you not He'll Get Stuck. Yeah. At, at my current fellow salary. I don't think I can afford anything that's gonna get stuck. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. And you can also encase it in, in a prune or something that's gonna go through pretty quick. I'm Just telling don't eat, don't eat the ring. Don't eat the ring. Oh, you're telling me that what I'm telling him is stupid. How is it stupid that he buy a ring, stick it in a prune, eat it, pass it through his body, clean it off, and give it to his wife and bypass his, her parents who are jewelers?


I don't see one problem with that plan. Rahe, what do you think I could get behind most of it? Well, listen in, in all seriousness, I think you buy the ring from them. Yeah. Are they gonna be able to keep their mouths shut? Because you do want it to be a surprise when you give her the ring. I know. And so I don't know if I can tell her whenever this podcast comes out, if she can listen to it or if I say You're Cut it halfway. I'm, I don she's an intelligent woman. I'm assuming she's not listening, so I think you're okay. Are, Do you think our parents are gonna have a lot of input on what the ring is or do you get to choose that freely? We've, We've kind of talked about it and they've, they've told me what her preferences are. Oh, for God's sake.


She already knows What preferences are most expensive. I don dunno. I think That they, I think they can keep a secret. So I'm hoping But do they know what she wants? Because you keep talking about what You know, Eduardo brings up a good point, which is they know what their preferences are, but what's her preference? No, they've said, You know, they, they're a family of jewelers, couple generations. So jewelry is very ingrained. I think they've always talked about that kind of stuff, like over the dinner table probably. And so they, they, they definitely know her preferences. Okay. And I think they would, they they definitely guide me in the right way. They're, they're sweet people. And this is obviously set, You know, with a touch of jest, but Yeah. Well I think, I think it's all gonna go swimmingly.


I just wanna make sure that it's a nice surprise, You know, that, that when you pull that ring out of yourself, oh my god. That It's a surprise. This is now part of the proposal. He's pulling it out of his body. If he times it right working, if he times it right, he can say, honey, get over here. Oh no. Ask him. No, he's gotta rinse it first. You can't just pull it out. He have the water running. Get over here now. Get over here now at me. Did you squat here? Squat. He's gonna squat out. He's gonna squat. You can instead Come on. Your fiance can never listen To this. You could fire it across the room. Oh my God. Like a carnival game. Like ring.


Yeah. Stick your finger out honey. No, here she comes. Your parents helped me pick it out. Your, your parents picked it out A week ago and then I ate it with a lot of corn. Oh, now Listen, I'm sorry Rahe. Come on. Raheel. I'm looking right now at a transcript of this entire conversation and I see that I've made no missteps whatsoever. Everything I've said is rational and should be done. So congratulations. No Rahi. You are a impressive young man. I think you're gonna have a great career.


I wish you the best with this proposal. I think it's all gonna go swimmingly. And I hope I bump into you in person someday. 'cause I like you. You're, you're a fine fellow. Think really. I would love that so much. Think seriously about swallowing the ring. Just think about it. It's a good idea. You'll probably get on. Thank you guys so much. It was so great meeting you guys. All right. Take care man. Thanks. See Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sian and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gourley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer Aren Blair, associate talent producer Jennifer Samples, associate producers Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo


Perez. Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan. Please rate, review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wherever fine podcasts are down,


Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more. Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank


Hear that Spring is here. And the Home Depot has great prices on grills to make this season yours. So If you're working on improving your hosting skills, you're going to want the next Grill, four Burner Gas Grill for $229. And of course, pair it with the next Grill eight piece Grill tool set. Now get outside and show off those new skills. Shop a wide selection of grills under $300 at the Home Depot.