
The Phoenician scheme is an epic comedy adventure from director Wes Anderson. Gotta love Wes Anderson. I do too. It starts Benicio del Toro. Mm. As Jaja Corda, the world's most wanted, most elusive, most mysterious man. Yeah. Jaja must survive assassinations, win back his daughter and pull off the greatest scheme of his lifetime. Yeah. Check out this cast. All right. It includes Mia Plein, Michael Erra, Tom Hanks. Brian Cranston, sick. Riz Ahmed. Yeah. Mat Amalek Jeffrey Wright. Mm. Richard Adi Love Scarlet Johanssen and Benedict Cumberbatch. The Venetian scheme rated Peachy 13 in select theaters in New York and Los Angeles. Friday, everywhere. June 6th.


How hot do you like it? Firehouse Subs is churning up the heat. They've teamed up with hot ones to create two new sandwiches. The zesty garlic hook and ladder is the milder option. Can you believe that? Those still packed with flavor. And for the bravest spice chasers, the spicy dill hook and ladder sandwich is sure to be a three alarm ion. Well, Sona bla. You guys sampled the wares today. We did. Yes. You had yourself those hook and ladder sandwiches. How were they? They Were great. And they had a Kick. Yeah, they did. I try. I did the zesty garlic hook and ladder. Oh. And, and I loved it. I took a walk in the wild side with the Spicy dill hook and ladder, and it was great. I loved Them. Well, I'm glad you guys enjoyed yourselves. Find out how hot you like it. Try the zesty garlic and spicy deal. Hook and ladder at Firehouse Subs. For a limited time, life doesn't go on forever. You gotta grab the moment, dude. Visit Firehouse Subs dot com to find a restaurant near you. Individuals sensitive to spice or the Carolina Reaper Pepper should not consume this spicy dill hook and ladder. Limited time at participating Firehouse Subs. Restaurants.


Hi. My name is Paul W Downs, and I feel thrilled about being Conan O'Brien's friend. Oh, That's very nice. That's True. It's thrilling Here. Back to school. Ring the bell. Brand shoes. Walking loose. Climb the fence, friends. Hey there. Welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. I'm Conan O'Brien. Joined here by the chuckling Matt Gorley. Sono Ossian. How are you, Sona? Am I right? You? What am I? I'm all right.


Oh, it's, I'm sorry. I said that. I mumbled. I thought you, I think you said am right. Am I right? Am I right? Yeah. Am I right? And then I did A weak ass did. Thumbs up. It's, it's also weird how you kind of like turned it towards yourself. I don't like it. Everything you did just now was just wrong. Are you an ai? Yeah. I think you're ai Every Time you're like, welcome. Hey, Sona. I, it, it makes me so uncom weird. Yeah. We've talked about it before. I hate It. People get, people get very scared about ai. I have been working very hard to have AI replace you, Sona. Oh. And, and I have thousands of servers trying to learn sonas rhythms. It possible. They've all exploded. They've exploded. And they're in these salt mines. They keep them in salt mines deep under the ground in Utah.


And I've spent most of the money I've made in show business on all these servers. Oh, thank you. They overheat and explode. 'cause they cannot match the Ma Sian rhythms. They don't make sense. AI can't figure out, She just moves at a different speed. Who's she? She. So I me. Oh, you're talking about yourself? Yeah, yeah, yeah. What are you talking about? The creator. Oh God. Oh, can I just say, if, if an AI came in and just said nothing that made sense, I'd be like, that's a great AI of Conan. I know. Yeah. There's plenty of those. Yeah. Yeah. There's What do you mean plenty of those? What Do you mean ai? That don't make any sense. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I'm just Saying it's getting so good though. I have not the guys I'm talking to. What these ais Do You have a relationship with an Ai? I do. My wife is an ai.


Do you? She's a beautiful ai Well, I had to splurge in one play, scrimp in another. So I don't know. I, You know, look, I did have a conversation with a Shakespeare AI once. Like, you could go to this website. Okay. Matt, hold on. Don't make fun of me. No, No. Let's hear 'em out. Yes. Thank you. We need some content for the top of The show. I was just curious. Okay. So far we haven't really hit a gush here, so let's hope this is it. Unless You think I'm some kind of nerd. I only asked him about J Spa. So you talked to an ai Shakespeare, So You have a lot of free time. That's what I'm getting at. Not no. From this story. I mean, I'm busy talking to Shakespeare on ai.


How did you, How did you find, did someone send it to you and was like, oh, you'd love this man? No, I don't know. So like, some thing, someone, maybe someone sent her. I heard about it. Like on a show or something. I don't remember. I've never Done AI this early, early AI days though. Oh, okay. 'cause you wouldn't do that now. No, I'm too, I I was AI before. It was cool. You were doing AI back in the eighties? Yeah, I Was. Yeah. When it was basically Pong. Yeah. War games. Did you guys hear That? Sorry to bust in? No. Anything. Anything. Yeah, because there's an old saying here. Oh, it doesn't matter what you three talk about. It'll be good. This is proof that it's not This anyway, because I'm gonna have all we Nothing Out. So you go ahead. Let's start Again. I'm just gonna say Oh, oh, hold on a sec.


Hey there. Welcome. Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Now Do it. We're doing a do Over. Yeah, we're gonna do it over again. Over, because You know what? Over, because I wanna, I don't wanna do that again. Guess what? Yeah. That was a terrible top. No, we could get, no, we starting, let's do it again. Do it again. Way. Guess what? And go. No one's limbo. Bar is lower than yours. You're like, Hey man, it was great. You guys were talking and there was talking. People love this shit. No. And Go again, go again. Hey there. And welcome to Colonel O'Brien needs a friend. And we're gonna get a good top out of this show. If it's the last thing I do, I'm con What do you mean? Get a good top out of this show? Yeah. It's the beginning of the show. Top of the show, baby. Okay. I'm starting again, because that was your instincts today are awful. Okay. And yours are too.


You both suck you. Here we go. You suck the fish rots from the head, sir. You Suck. That's right. Thank you. You are you sucking us trickling down. Fish Heads rot from the top. Yeah. Hey, Conan O'Brien here. Welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. We have tried seven times to start this podcast. Yeah. And the assists I'm getting from my fellow players are just terrible. Mm. Instead of passing me the basketball, you guys are tossing it into the stands and then shooting yourselves with a German Luger. Matt, how are you? I talked to Shakespeare AI the other day. Oh, Okay. You gotta hear me out on this. I'm telling you. Why Are you so determined to ruin the top of the show? This is important to me. I've always wanted a good top of the show. I'm sorry. That's ridiculous.


It's been my dream since I Was a kid. Hey, I saw two coyotes this morning. Hey, now we're onto something. What were they doing? Wow. They were crossing the street and I was terrified seeing them do it. It was very frogger. That's it. That happens every day. No, but they, it was like really heavy traffic and I was like, they're gonna die. Oh. And then I was like, oh, you were worried for them. Do I want No, I don I wasn't. I was rooting for the coyotes. I don't want them to die. No, that's what I said. I they terror. You were worried for them, But they'll tear poke Apart. You know what saying, Matt, everything you've contributed today sucks. You're, you're throwing in. You're not helping. I'm understanding her. And you keep throwing these giant steel anvils into the conversation and clanging away.


And now you're giving me a wrap. Like, we got it time. No, we're outta time. No, we're not out of time. We're gonna get something good. So you saw two coyotes, did you? I did. Tell me about it. Now I'm taking away your speaking privileges for the next year. So Sona Yeah. Curious About these coyotes. A lot of people in this world haven't seen a coyote. It's like a dog. Only skinnier. Hey, You know what, it's, it's like a dog only skinnier. And every time I see him, I'm like, you're Treading my content for this. You Are. You shut, shut up. I'm on fire right now. She's On fire. She's Yeah, yeah, yeah. She's got a hot hand and you keep knocking her royal flush out of her hand. You're off and you're playing hungry, hungry hippos in the corner. Like a drunk idiot. Go ahead, son. Yeah. You're Off.


I'm on today. So the coyotes. Yeah. Sona. So I'm watching them and I'm like, these animals will kill. Okie. Yeah. Do I cheer? That's your dog. Okie. Yeah. Do I cheer for their demise or do I want them to live? And You know what? I want them to live. Yes. I I root for animals to live in the wild. Yeah, I do. Even if they're coyotes. I root for all animals everywhere, man. Sona, preach. Preach. You were great today, Sona. That was terrific. We learned about wildlife and about your neighborhood, and then I'm so Glad I seated the floor for that. Yeah. That was really topnotch. Also, I spoke to a Shakespeare ai and I Hate, I hate the opening and I apologize to Everyone. I'm listening. Hey man, let's just start talking and whatever we say, we'll be great.


And play will be like, yeah, man, it was really great. Look At all the laughs we're having. I rest my case. Having a good time. Yeah. Hard. Do you wanna start? It, it again came hard, right? And then wrap. Yeah. Hey, and welcome to Conan O'Brien. He friend, I'm Conan. You don't need to know the rest. You're gonna love today's show. My guest today is co-creator, showrunner and writer of an actually good show. The Emmy award-winning series that's thought about beforehand. They don't just throw it out there like a bucket of diarrhea hacks. I'm thrilled he's here today because he actually makes something people enjoy that has thought structure, content. Paul W Downs.


Welcome. You didn't pause. Oh. Oh my God. I'm thrilled he's here today. Paul W Downs. Welcome. I am an admirer of your Work. Thank you. And likewise. And of course, I wanna shout out your cohorts on hacks at the very top. Your lovely wife. Yes. Lucia. Lucia. I wanna make sure you said it first. 'cause I was afraid that I would. Oh, I, I was looking at like, Lucia, but I've also heard it pronounced Lucia.


Yep. Lucia. There there's a lu lot. Lucia. It's a, it's, it is a it is, it is a tricky one. Jen Statsky. Yes. And I thought you were waiting for me to say which of the two I was married to, because sometimes that is a question. I thought it might be a throuple. Hey, You're not alone. If you, if you read the, the tweets, You know, I don't, I don't. But I've heard, I Write the tweets. Okay. I'm putting it out there that it's a throuple. Hey, From your Mouth. You know what? That gets a lot of heat out there in the, You know, you just want the clicks. That's all I want. It's about clicks. Hacks is a wonderful show. Thank you. And I'm always suspicious when a show is going to, and I've, I've run into a bunch of times and, and I remembered saying this to Jean Smart and Hannah, I remember telling them when I've bumped into them that I'm, I'm suspicious when a show is going to portray people that are trying to create comedy.


Think of comedy. I think usually it goes wrong because, and it's, it's difficult. But if, if you're trying, if there's a movie that's portraying someone sculpting, a sculptor's gonna watch it and go, that's not how you do it. Oh my God. Well, that's how sculptors talk. What Happened in Austria? This sculptor, by the way, was injured. Yeah. I got that far. Chisel Fell on him. A chisel fell from a high hike and did the hurt's brain. What happened? It's not, I think he's attempting an accent, but it's more of a like Actual dis disability Injury. Injury, yeah. Yeah. Injured Guy. And he's, You know, this is not a foreign man. This is a man who's, oh, it's not a foreign man.


No, no. He was just injured by a high school. He jersey. He's from New Jersey. Ice. I Springsteen. But very terrible, terrible injury. Stupid. So stupid. I apologize. And the point that I'm gonna get back to, which began as a compliment and then turned into probably a, just a horrible sketch. It's almost impossible to do it. And then you guys come up with hacks and I see people struggling to create comedy and then perform comedy. And I think, oh, I think that's the closest I've seen to how it really is. Thank you. And of course, that comes from you guys being very talented, but also being still quite young and coming from this world.


Yeah. Yeah. You started out, I mean, as a kid, you were making content all the time, even if it was just for yourself. Right? It was, It was just for myself. Yeah. There was, there was no social media. There was no YouTube. Thank goodness. I think You're 77 years old. I'm so, that's Right. That's right. That's what it says here. There, there wasn't even, there wasn't even cellular actually. Wow. Yeah. I had the stick and hoop and I was making myself, I was entertaining myself with the stick and hoop. Sometimes you play with the butter churn. Yeah. Oh my gosh. But you, you were making content. Yeah. And this I can relate to because I don't think I needed an audience if I was in my room. Right. I was doing this shit, and I'm, you seem like a similar fellow to me.


A hundred percent. Yeah. A hundred percent. Yeah. That went and what a, what an honor for you to say that. But yeah, I am. I would entertain myself in the mirror. I wish my son did that. 'cause now I have a toddler who needs a lot of attention. And I was like, I, I entertained myself for hours, You know? Yeah. Doing voices, Doing things is a mirror and delusion. Exactly. I still have both An equal measure. Yeah. Yeah. Let's talk about your creation story. It was interesting to me because the minute I saw you and your work, I thought, well, they're all improvisers. And then I find out that you started doing standup initially, or dabbled in standup a little bit. Yes. Yes. And it's interesting because I always knew, I mean, I, I did early, early on I did some MCing.


But I knew I needed a gang. I needed either my gang of writers or I needed my improv gang. I needed some kind of a squad that I understood early on. When did you figure out that that was kind of what you were looking for? You know, I, I did, I always, I did sketch in high school. I did sketch and improv in college. And then when I moved to New York, I, I was like, You know what? I want to be a, I wanna be an actor. I'm gonna just audition for things. And, and I'll do standup. I'll try my hand at that. Because I, I idolized standups and always loved watching standup. I watched like, You know, premium blend on Comedy Central. Right. Growing up where there was a lot of female standups who I admire a lot.


And so I tried it and I found it really lonely. I found it really hard. Yes. I was also doing a lot of characters. And at the time, You know, I think there were like phases that standup goes through. And at the time I would say, Hey, I have a couple sound cues. Do you guys have tech? And they were like, what? They were like tech. I was like, yeah, do you mind if I bring out a wig and a rattle? And they were like, all right, I don't think you belong here. And it didn't really work. Seinfeld requested none of this. No. And now it's so funny 'cause now I see standup and a lot of people have PowerPoints and they have tons of tech and a lot of sound, You know? So it's different now. But when I was doing it, I I for a minute, and I, I didn't mean a minute. I was probably four or five months after graduating that I didn't do improv. And I did stand up, found it very hard.


And then I went to the Upright Citizens Brigade and did improv and sketch because I missed it. So you get to UCB and there you meet, you start to meet your people. Yeah. Not just Lucia, Jen, Lucia. Lucia, Lucia. I'm changing it. It's like cappuccino. You know? That's how you Lucia. Lucia. Yeah. I'm Nando this interview, did you just get here with a chisel? Nando Nando, yes. Nando From New Jersey. She's a problem. Excuse me. I don't think they are. I think they show a great caring. It's empathy. These are, thank You so much. Yes. And that's now recorded. I can use that at the trial. Abby Jacobson. Yes. Leon Glazer.


You start working with these hilarious people. This is where you start to find, oh, we're all like-minded. Yes. We're in a groove here. Yes. And that's such a magical moment, isn't it? It Is. It was, it was, it saved me. I think, You know, especially moving to New York and I don't know, you move to New York, you have survival jobs. It's really hard. Ha. Living there is hard. And finding people that were like-minded had a similar sense of humor was huge for all of us. I feel like. You know, and it really, we found our people and started to make things. And the rest Is kind of history. It's funny how it is the same thing, not just in comedy, but I think for musicians, sculptors, it's across the, across the board.


Yeah. Because I so remember kind of finding some of my group in college and then getting out to LA and doing improv at the Groundlings and starting to find my people and you start to think, Hey, I'm not crazy. Yeah. That was the first feeling I had, is yeah, there were all those years where I just thought, well, something's wrong with me. And yes, there probably is, but then you find other people with the same issues, whatever it is. Issues malady. Yeah. And you're all having fun and you're meeting at a diner afterwards to talk down the show. Yeah. And it's few things will replace that joy. Yes. I mean, I, I, I think about that a lot that, I mean, I I, we still do it.


I'm so lucky to still do it with my best friend and my wife. But us doing shows and going exactly to a diner and talking about the show, or talking about something we'd watched or talking about a sketch we'd seen. You know, and it's weird. It is like a, it is like a special language that people share, I think when they have a similar sense of humor. And that's not just comedians, of course, it's a deeper level in a way for people that try and do it professionally. But, You know, I feel like anybody that you have a, have a similar sense of humor with and who can make you laugh. It's just such a, it's such a unique and special thing. Now here's the interesting thing to me, or an area that's interesting is that you have this world of making comedy jokes, bits, sketches inside references with your friends, and you're making content at UCB, you're putting stuff up, you're having fun.


And then at some point, if you're very fortunate and also good at what you do, it turns into a business and pressure is applied and expectations are applied. And there are budgets and there's a lot of people around looking at you and saying, Hey, what's going on today? And I've always found it interesting that it, the, one of the challenges is to make sure you still keep the joy in it. Yeah. When that is applied. And when I think about hacks, this is a big show. Yeah. I drive around LA and there are giant buildings that are just dedicated.


They've been painted over the windows. People can't see out their windows anymore. 'cause Jean Smart's face has been painted over them. It's Blocking the view. Yeah. Yeah. And it's Children's hospital. These poor sick kids, they Need light in surgery. Can't, and they, I Know They're operating in the dark. There's no vitamin because A giant kinda eye binder and a and I mean, it's terrible what's happening to children. Sorry. Again, it's a big show. Its big deal. And it's a smash hit. And so you've got to be adults. Yeah. And you've got to meet expectations and you've got a big fan base, but you also have to keep that silly joy going.


Yeah. Do, do you talk about that for a little bit? Well, that is so funny. It's, it's, it's true. I mean, our first, our first job job was, was on Broad City and at Comedy Central it was a low budget show. You know, we didn't know if it would break through. We didn't know if people would watch. And we kind of, it was like, it was almost kids in a candy store, You know, there it was just us figuring out how to make TV 'cause we had never done it. And you're doing It. My favorite kind of comedy is when I can tell people are doing this for themselves. Oh yeah. And I think one of the things I loved about Broad City, and it's the same thing I would've said about classic SCTV or so many shows that I loved, is that I had the impression that they were doing this for themselves to make themselves laugh.


And then I just happened to be stumbling upon it. Yes. And that's was some of the beauty Of it. Yeah, totally. And You know, that we kind of showcase that in a way in episode four of this season, when Deborah just looks at one person and looks at Ava. Because I remember doing solo shows at UCB several, which is embarrassing to say. I did several solo shows and sometimes no one would be laughing except Lucia. Yeah. And I was like, okay, It's good. Good. I must marry this one. It's Good. Yeah. Well, thank a lot. And then I'll call her Lucia, Her true name. Lucia. You're not fooling anyone. I've been to the DMV, You know how you spell your name, but yeah, we, We, we try it. I mean, and that's, I think the secret of, of this show's success is also that we continue to try and make each other laugh.


Yes. I mean, that's what we do. We, when the three of us are writing together, oftentimes we all write the same scene Yeah. Separately, and then switch and just highlight things we like and then we combine them. So it's almost like a third draft. Yep. And all I'm trying to do is make these two women laugh. So it it is for each other as much as it is for everybody. And that was very true on Broad City. And, and it's still true on hacks and the chia, You know, always, always talks about following the fun. You have to follow the fun. Yes. And we try and do that on set. And it's so hard when there's time and budgets and actors and crew and, and 300 people making something to balance all of that and still have the freedom to figure something out or to follow the fun of something Yeah. Is a real challenge.


But we, we are there for each other to remind each other to do it. Yeah. Which not easy, but No, I wouldn't think it would be easy. But I think you're also, you have such a funny cast of which you are a part, which is interesting. You wear so many hats on this show, but Megan Stalter is so funny. So Funny. You get me started on Jean Smart, who's just, she's, she's funny in so many different ways. Yes. And when I watch her perform, I think she's, she's not hitting one note. She's not hitting five notes. She can hit every note in the register. That's right. Yeah. And I'm so, You know, awe of her and happy for her that you guys created this because she needed a role.


She's always been funny. Yeah. But she, this role shows you that she's funny and she can break your heart. Yeah. I know. She is so good. I think you're right. Like, we often talk about the, the music of jokes and the sound and the rhythm. And, You know, sometimes you have to, you, you have to adjust an actor and help them make the sound you want. She always knocks it outta the park and then gives us more. Right. And we're like, oh my God, she hit a note we didn't even know. And it's so true that she also is so gifted as an actress that she plays as emotional beats in a way that I I it's, we, we we cry at monitor a lot, which is crazy, You know, still. Right. Because she can break your heart and she Yeah.


She has been the funniest thing in so many things. I remember her on Frazier Yeah. Being so funny. Or in the Brady Bunch movie. I was, You know, I was like, the horny neighbor is the funniest part that's, I love the horny neighbor. And it's so cool to have her show her range in the show.


The Phoenician scheme is an epic comedy adventure from director Wes Anderson. Gotta love Wes Anderson. I do too. It starts Benicio del Toro as Jaja Corda. The world's most wanted, most elusive, most mysterious man. Yeah. Jaja must survive assassinations, win back his daughter and pull off the greatest scheme of his lifetime. Yeah. Check out this cast. All right. It includes Mia Throuple, Michael Serra, Tom Hanks, Brian Cranston. Six R Ahmed. Yeah. Mat Amalek Jeffrey Wright. Mm. Richard Adi Love Scarlett Johanssen and Benedict Cumberbatch. The Phoenician scheme rated PG 13 in select theaters in New York and, and Los Angeles Friday, everywhere. June 6th.


How hot do you like it? Firehouse Subs is churning up the heat. They've teamed up with hot ones to create two new sandwiches. The zesty garlic hook and ladder is the milder option. Can you believe that? Those still packed with flavor. And for the bravest spice chasers, the spicy dill hook and ladder sandwich is sure to be a three alarm ion. Well, Sona bla You guys sampled the wares today. We did. Yes. You had yourself those hook and ladder sandwiches. How were they? They Were great. And they had a kick. Yeah, They did. I I did the zesty garlic hook and ladder and, and I loved It. I took a walk in the wild side With the spicy dill hook and ladder and it was great. I Loved it. Well, I'm glad you guys enjoyed yourselves. Find out how hot you like it. Try the zesty garlic and spicy deal, hook and ladder at Firehouse Subs for a limited time. Life doesn't go on forever. You gotta grab the moment, dude. Visit Firehouse Subs dot com to find a restaurant near you. Individuals sensitive to spice or the Carolina Reaper Pepper should not consume this spicy deal. Hook and ladder. Limited time at participating Firehouse Subs, restaurants.


I'm a bit of a grill master. You know that Sona? Yeah, you sure are. You really Are. But You know, I've always known as a grill master. There's no wrong way to grill. You know, we've just got our own ways to prep for the perfect event. That's all. Well, guess what, since 1975, man, what a year that was. Yeah. Miller Light has been the go-to beer to fill up the cooler when it's a good day to grill. It's made with simple ingredients. It's like malted barley, which gives it rich, balanced toffee notes in that classic golden color. Mm. Stock up today for the grill season ahead. It's Miller time. People know I'm the grill maestro. Yeah. Yes. So all my friends gather Ricky Tron, Jackal Mac, Sam Omare, all my friends, You know. Yeah. But then we have Miller Lights. 'cause that's what makes it, we could almost forget all the grilling. Yeah. In fact, I don't even know why I am grilling. Most of these people are vegan, but we love Miller Light. So I'm there and I'm flipping, I'm flipping them their soy burgers. But we're having the best Miller Lite I've ever, it's just Miller Lite, man. It makes everything. Yeah, it does. It's fantastic. Miller Lite great taste. 96 calories. I've done the counting myself. Go miller lite.com/kine delivery options near you. Or you can pick up some Miller Light pretty much anywhere they sell beer. Cheers. To 50 freaking years of Miller Time. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories and 3.2 carbs per 12 ounces.


Women have been just such a big part of your comedy experience. I mean, you, you look at not just Lucian, not just gen, I'm gonna say Lucia. Lucia. Oh my God. I actually think she might Be talking about a different person at this point. Who's, who's I'm sure wonderful as well. I'm sure I'm talking About Lucia Aldente. Terrific comedy writer who lives on the island of Sardinia. Oh my God. I'm never gonna say her name again. It's funny because you Asked for the, for clarity, the first thing. You Know what I'm, can I say something?


Maybe there is something wrong with me. Or maybe she and I have beef and this is my way of getting at her Passive aggressive. It's a subtle, It's so passive aggressive. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. She cut me off on the 4 0 5 8 years ago And her license plate is Lucia. So he knew she's, she can go By one day. And I rolled down my window. I went, Lucia, Lucia from now on to me. And she said, what? You'll see, I said, you'll see give this riff time to grow. Okay. Jen Gia, Megan, you've got two powerhouse female leads. It feels to me like you've, this has always been your comfort zone is being around all these funny women.


Yeah. Were Broad City. Yeah. I was reading some article about you and it said that you had a revelation when you saw Young Frankenstein. Yeah. Yeah. Tell me what that was. Well, so my dad is a comedy fan and I remember watching Young Frankenstein as a kid and loving it. And of course I loved Gene Wilder in it and wanted to be Gene Wilder. But I was really the, the, my first, like my foray into doing comedy was to do Cloris Leach man's lines. Yeah. Or ine, You know, and just like, stay close to the candles. This desk, Ken Bitch Ros. Like, she was so funny in that movie. Yes. And Terry Gar is so funny in the movie. And Madeline Kahn is so funny in that movie. And so I always was like, well, I think, I think the girls are funnier than the Guys, and I'll say this, who in the world is funnier than Gene Wilder?


Gene Wilder. That is maybe that is my favorite performance of his. And it's so Yeah. Beautifully honed. And we're talking about the women in the movie. I know. And I mean, he's, he's one of the greats of all time and he is giving the performance of a lifetime. Yeah. And not to take anything away from him, but I can understand that that's a, that's a, that's a great movie for anyone to see. Yeah. And, and, and learn very quickly that women are the funniest people in the room. Yeah, A hundred percent. And, and it's true. I mean, gene Wilder in that movie is so good. 'cause it's so grounded and yet so screwball and so crazy. He's just incredible in it. But I felt that way also.


I was a nick at night kid, so I watch a lot of Nick at night watching I Love Lucy or Mary Tyler Moore. It was always, it was always, it was oftentimes a female story that I liked. I also, You know, I was never a jock. I was never, You know what I mean? I never Yeah. I know. Can you believe it? I was a jock and then about a year ago, what? Yeah, we'll Talk about it later. You stopped. You, you hung up, you hung up the bat. You retired to that. Yeah. Most people assume I'm a real jock. Yeah. You were saying, I'm sorry, I, I interrupted you with my stupid No, but you were saying that you were noticing early on in Nick at night, you're watching all these women and, and a name you didn't mention. I was, it was a thrilling moment for me. There's a moment where this season where Jean Smart goes to cardiologist just to get a checkup in the waiting room.


She sees Carol Burnett. Yeah. We had a Carol Burnett on the podcast about a year ago. I've met Carol a bunch of times and I will never be jaded. I'm always walking on air afterwards. Yeah. Yeah. And she is still so sharp and so funny. And she was great in that scene, playing herself Unbelievable. Unbelievably funny, unbelievably sharp. Wanted to had things to add. Was like, You know, I can do a Carol Channing impression. There was so much that she did. I can juggle. Yeah. I mean, honestly, it was really amazing. And we shot that at Television City Steps away from her stage. Yeah. Where she shot the Carol Burnett show, which we had, You know, asked permission to feature last season when we shot there.


Just to, just to show it. Because she's such a inspiration for us. And we needed somebody in this season that Deborah Vance could get Sage wisdom from and look up to and like who better than Carol Burnett. And the fact that she responded to the show and wanted to do it. I mean, it was a goosebump moment for all of us. It was, it was really crazy. The show delves into late night this year, which was fascinating for me because there are things that you cite in the show that I've lived through. And so I'll get a little bit of PTSD from watching it, but it's also really funny and apt, You know, like getting notes or this is what we heard about, You know, in the early days of my late night show research and what are people saying and what do we need to try and adjust?


And it was all stuff that just felt impossible. Yeah. I'm kind of reliving it a little bit through your show, but you guys are doing a very good job of hitting a bunch of the nerves, which means you're getting it right. That's good. That's good. I mean, You know, obviously, like we, we talk about you and your shows a lot and we did a lot this season making it and we tried to get it right, You know? Oh yeah. Yeah. And I, and just writing the show about making the show Yeah. Was so stressful and so hard. I'm like, I didn't do five shows a week. Right. And have to do monologue jokes. Right. And yet I, I, I viscerally I felt the pressure of that. It's crazy. There, there's a great moment where Debra Vance is trying out, she's meeting the new writers for the first time and they're going around the room and there's one, people are throwing out funny ideas and then there's one writer who's new, who is like, yeah.


And then he says something that's not that funny. And And then she farts. Yeah. And then she farts because she, because she farts. Which by the way, way, which is Funny. It's very funny. It's funny. Oh, Sorry. That would, I would say head writer. Yeah. Right away he's promoted. Yeah. The fart guy's promoted. Yeah. Good fart guy back. But anyway, he does it twice and you see Gene Smart notice it, and then Gene Smart writes on a piece of paper and slides it over to, to Hannah and it says Riff Killer. Which is such a great, because it's a little inside baseball, but we call it riffing, which is people are in a room, they're coming up with good ideas, riffing. And then she just sides across Riff killer because we've all been in a room where things are cooking and then one person in the room is like, yeah.


And then Maybe it's George W. Bush And everyone has to reset. No one wants to be a Dick. Yeah, exactly. And we all go Duo's Pointing at Blake. What? Oh, Blake. You know, it's me. Okay. But I Don't, you don't need to pretend I'm right here. You don't need to just talk about People are, Some people are riff Killers. He thought it was a compliment. So he got it tattooed. He got Riff, he got riff killer. Yeah. On your lower back tattooed on his low back. Oh, that's nice. That's nice. Yeah. Riff killer. But anyway, I love that moment. And then I have to bring this up, which is, 'cause I just watched it last night. There's a scene where this killed me.


It's, it's a very funny joke and nonsensical, but Jean Smart Deborah has stolen Ague is trying to steal a guest away who would've been on Kimmel and Kimmel's confronting her and saying, look, You know, I get this guest. You don't get this guest. She's trying to get Kristen Bell on her show. And Jimmy Kimmel confronts her and says, you don't get Kristen Bell. 'cause she always does. My show she's been doing, I got sort of possession of having her as a guest after Conan died. And You know, what I loved about it is that it said with no one questions. It, it's just like, after, since Conan died, You know, I get her after Conan died.


And it's just like, that's understood. And I'm laughing because no one questions it. But in that universe, you're dead. And you can never be on that show except no flashbacks. Oh no, don't say that. We definitely want you on the show. We Do. But I think we've settled that score. No, no, no, no. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. But it was so funny to me. It's such a funny, I always like jokes that upon examination they make me laugh on a guttural level, but they also don't make sense. It makes no sense. And he says it the way we all know that Charles Lindbergh is dead. You know, he, It Just, it was so funny. It was such a great moment. A funny Joke. Yeah. I have to give him credit. 'cause You know, that was a Jimmy Kimmel improv line. Oh, wow. And listen, so I did not write that line.


That's great. Let me write that down. Okay. He Will be repaid. Okay. In a kind, I can't wait to mispronounce his name. Xme Kamal. Lucia. Lucia. Have you met Xme? But you're very much alive in our universe. Oh, well, thank you. And I, and I do mean it. I I want to, I want to say it here. We would love to have you on the show. Oh, I would, I would absolutely love it. Okay. Then we can come up with a way that I was resuscitated. Okay. I, no, it's, it's a, it's a joy to watch. And I think one of the things that's interesting to me is it's all about like a magician makes you believe in the illusion.


Hmm. And so, I know it's a TV show, but you guys have me emotionally invested in what happens to Deborah Vance and does this late night show work. Hmm. And I hope this late night show works out. Currently things seem a little wobbly, but I'm emotionally invested in it, which means you've you're very good illusionists. Well, thank you. You know, you've, you've created this world that I'm completely invested in. Thank you. I mean, a lot of that credit goes to Jean and Hannah as well for making these characters so real. I feel that way too. I mean, I know, I know we write the show, but we, they feel so real to all of us. And I think they do now to them as well. There are some, there are some scenes this season when I think both Jean and Hannah do some of their best work in the show.


And we're like, God, that was good after. And they're like, I just said it because I feel, You know, I mean now it's like, so in their bones, they feel these characters are so real even To them. I think something Hannah does really well, just as an observer, is that she clearly wants a maternal figure. She wants a connection with this incredibly tough, You know, Jean smart character. She, and she wants this so badly, but she also knows she has to be tough. And there's this great moment where without giving anything away, but she, she gets a hug from Jean and you see Hannah kind of melt a little bit because she's getting that connection that she really wants from not just her comedy hero, but also someone who she has a real connection with and, and cares about.


And you see her soften a little bit and then Jean Smart's re reveals that she's doing it just because there's a camera on them. Yeah. And that's why she's doing it. And she needs to make it look good for the camera. And you see the heartbreak. I mean, Hannah is killing it, You Know? She is incredible. Yeah, she is incredible. And she does, like you're saying so much sometimes with no dialogue, You know, she's so funny. And she's such a good standup herself. But yeah, she's so incredibly good. And it's hard I think, to be that good. I mean, obviously your scene partner does a lot of the lifting and helps you out, but to do what she does with Jean is really incredible. I don't know. I, I don't work with people that lift me up.


Oh, Well. Yeah. It's hard when you have to lift everyone up. I know. It's hard. Can I just say for a second, I feel like I'm an Olympic swimmer and I have two cinder blocks around my neck. Oof. Oh, Okay. You are a jock. Yeah. Yes. If you do that, We make you stronger. You do? Oh, I see. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We test you and make you Stronger. You're welcome. That's What you want. And we're Actively trying to drown in, it's called drag. It's called drag. When you have cinder blocks. As a swimmer, I was a swimmer even though I wasn't a jock. Okay. You need the drag every now and again. You need a drag. I do. I do it and I do need it. Your character Jimmy, your relationship with Kayla, Megan Stalter is, I will say this, I haven't seen, I don't think I've seen that relationship on TV before.


Do You know what I'm talking about? I love, it's Love, love that relationship. It's a Relationship that dynamic. It's, it's a dynamic that I've the best and I'm, I'm, I'm flipping through my comedy nerd mind trying to find the same thing. And I'm like, Nope, I don't think it's there. I think that's a new thing you've cracked. Thank you. I mean, You know, we, she's Over the top insane. So insane, so insane. And you are trying a much more I love that. Yeah, you are. You and I have some experience with an insane assistant. Oh my God. But You know what I'm saying? So No, I Don dunno what you're saying. I'm nothing like her. I I do. But I love how different, what the fuck are you looking at? Be like that? I'm just Look, I'm just looking. I'm just laughing. I'm, We have hours of footage of You acting insane.


Oh, there's not enough footage of you being insane. I'm the star. I'm to be insane. At least. Hi. At least Paul's character's like a normal person. He's a normal Boss. Yeah. Yeah. You're, you're insane. I love how patient you're, I love how patient you are. Your character is Jimmy is with, with with Kayla. It's to an, and that some of the comedy is to an absurd degree. And it reminds me a little bit of, one of the things that makes Groucho so funny is Margaret Dumont because Margaret Dumont, he's acting insane. And she's next to him going like, who crouch ho? And then, well, anyway, let's move forward. When anyone else would say, I'm getting the fuck away from this person. But what makes it work Is You, you can't, the whole dynamic of Yes.


And is you are sticking with, with Kayla, with Meghan Stalter, you're gonna stick with her and she's gonna have awful, awful ideas. Yeah. With great confidence. Yes. Yeah. She's somebody who, well, Meghan is so funny and so, so good and everything she does. But when we, we, this is one character we kind of ripped from real life. This is based on a couple of assistants that people that we've worked with have had and that we've experienced. Right. Sometimes who are nepo and have entitlement, but also a little bit of insecurity. Like having this extreme confidence. And yet Yep. Nerves is a really funny dynamic. And that is a, a, a duality that Meg plays in some of her original characters. So we were like, she would be great for this.


And yeah. We thought it was really funny to have somebody who is in the beginning, at least both his assistant and his boss kind of Yeah. Because her dad owns the management firm that they work for. And Now your, your initial problem is how do I get rid of this assistant? And now your partners Yeah, I know in this season. And I love that you just keep turning up the dial on. And what's also great is occasionally she has a good idea. Yeah. That's the thing. She and I do think that's true in the entertainment business and in management. You have to sometimes think outside the box and be insane. And Jimmy is not insane. He's very, by the book, he's very earnest. And sometimes those crazy ideas actually work so weirdly, she is a better manager than she's assistant. She's terrible at being an assistant, but she has some outta the box ideas that, especially this season that really do work.


I wanna ask you a little bit about the dynamic of your comedy partner is also your romantic partner. And that's something that I've, I'm fascinates me. My wife is super smart, really funny. We've never collaborated on anything I've always thought. Huh. That's a whole, that's like a Bermuda triangle that I have not gone into. And maybe we will someday, but how does that dynamic work? Or did it just, you always knew it was gonna work? Well, we started, we, we were on an improv team together and we started doing sketch videos before we were ever dating. And it was in making those things because she's so smart and funny that attracted us to each other.


Right. And so we started dating kind of after we were already working together a bit. And, but she's my, she's the best audience, You know? Yeah. She's the person that I want to make that it feels the best to make her laugh. Sure. She has such a good laugh and I love making her laugh. So, and it's been a real cheat for us to work together. Not just because we have each other as an audience and as cheerleaders, but also, You know, in this business you don't see your spouse if you're working as hard as we're working. So thank God we're on set together. That's really nice. You know, we get to be together. I think it's different for different people, but I mean, You know, your wife being smart and funny, You know what it's like to make that person laugh and Yes. You know what I mean? Like, it's, it's part of the Romance. If my wife really hard and, and also if she can really laugh and she makes me really laugh.


That's the glue. Yeah. That's the, that's the glue Long term. Glue. The That's right. Have you ever wondered if Lucia said yes just because accepted your proposal? Just 'cause she was Yes. Anding you. Oh my God. 'cause of improv training. Honestly, I had until now. That's a Fair question I had until now. But You know what, she is a very good improviser. You know what I mean? Yeah. What was she gonna do? You put out a scene, say no, you laid it out there. Yeah. Will you? And she has to say yes and we'll have a child. She's trained exactly to not say no, you are you. Right. Well, I'm, well I'm saying that's the best. That's what I, I mean, I married an improviser too, and this is making me really look back. Usual suspect. And it was. It was. And guess what it was during a sketch, wasn't it? It was, yeah.


And then you afterwards were crying you said, you said yes. You have to. Oh No. Oh God. Well, You know, Didn't you, you guys had your first, your, your only child was only child. Yeah. Only your only child during the making of hacks. Yeah. Well, Well, You know, funnily, funnily enough, we weren't, we were not planning to get married. We were like, oh, well, we'll just won't get married and, You know, we don't need to do that. And then there was a point in time when I was like, well, I want to, I want to get her a ring and I'll, and I'll, and I'll, I'll float it. I'll float it thinking that she'd be like, we've talked about this. I'll pitch it. We've talked about this, we're not gonna get married. Yeah. And she said yes. And because we had been together at that point for 15 years.


Yeah. So we had been together for a really long time and, but we weren't gonna have children. And so we did end up getting married. We thought it'd be a nice way to celebrate our time together with friends. Tony's all improv. Yes. Andy. Yes. No kidding. Well, the sperm and the egg were laying Yes. Right. They were doing their own scene improv. An improv class with sperm and egg. They were, They were. Yeah. It was their on scene and they Yeah. They crushed it. They, they crushed it. I love that idea. And scene sperm. You work at a gym egg. This is your first time at the gym and go, you're pregnant. Oh, Actually, You know, it's crazy. We didn't find out. We, we had been traveling and she had missed one of her periods and basically we found out when she was two and a half months pregnant.


Oh. So the next day we saw a heartbeat and that was two weeks before our wedding. Oh my God. So we got married, came home, started season. That was season two. We were, we were shooting season two. And then he came, he came early again. This is like Right again, sperm and egg doing their own thing. Yeah. He came early on his own time and it was while we were shooting. And so she did direct between contractions because she was directing that day. Oh, badass. I know, I know. Which is mentally unwell. I mean it's really, it's badass and so cool. And it's badass. Yeah. But it's also, She's earned the right to be called Lucia. Yeah. Oh good. That's it takes Now she's been, she's her now. You know, now I've, I'm sorry, Lucia.


You're gone now It's Lucia now. Rest in peace. That's unbelievable. Yeah. That's unbelievable. So it was A crazy year. It was a really, really crazy year. What's cool too is that as you go on through your career, you have this document, the actual show. Yeah. Where, I mean, in a weird way, I don't think about this much, but I have it too because I met my wife on a remote shoot. Wow. We went to an advertising agency and people look it up online all the time. Oh wow. And I am there just doing the Conan thing where I'm on a remote being an ass, and then I just start talking to this one woman in the room within seconds. I'm not even trying to be funny. We're just talking about Wow. Yeah. No, then my dad. Right. And so, okay. Wow.


And you and you like cats. That's funny. You know, I, well, I, I even adopt, I had a cat when I was a kid and we're, and and, and my producer was listening on headstone headphones outside the office where we were doing all this, this remote. He's like, what the fuck is he doing? So we have us meeting. Wow, that's really Cool. Then we have the episode where I am just back from the hospital because my daughter was born. That's really cool. And I'm talking about it on the air. Then we have the episode where I'm just back from the hospital. 'cause my son was born. I mean, I haven't really thought about it that much till this moment now, but those are weird documents. Yeah. I remember bringing my son when he was little and no, I brought my daughter to work right after she was born. Not right after, but You know, The doctor Down.


Doctor the doctor said, yeah, she was still umbilical, cord was stretched overnight. Avenue cabs were hitting It. Oh my gosh. It it plays a low eno. But anyway, she's, I, I brought my daughter in when she was old enough to come into and, and was sitting at the, I and I, I saw Tina Faye recently and we reminisced about this. 'cause I said, Tina, I'll never forget Tina was up in eight h rehearsing Saturday Night Live. And I am down on six on the late night set. And I'm sitting and I'm holding my daughter and one of the cameramen zoomed in on my daughter, suddenly double doors fly open and Tina comes running in and she was like, give me that baby.


This is before she had her own daughter, but she was like, you could see that she had a baby fever. And she was like, gimme that. Oh my God. And she and I almost didn't get nev back. And then it wasn't long afterwards that she had her own daughter, but it was, I have all these memories that are my show work is, is intertwined. Yep. With, You know, my fam meeting, my wife falling in love, getting married children. It's all becomes a piece. Yes. And that's gonna be part of all the work that you do going forward. Even after hacks, it'll all be entwined. Yeah, I know. We think about that a lot. We, we actually, You know, we talk about the show like our first child in a way because it is like, it is like raising a child in a way.


And then he came and now has a sibling, You know, and he visits set sometimes. And that's like, and there's so much now they're now we have a lot of And they fight and they Do fight. Yeah. Well he really wants to, he just really wants to go to crafty. That's all he cares about. Yeah. But, but now we have a lot of like, footage of, 'cause Gene is also, Jean is similar to Tina. Gene really wants Luca whenever he's on set and they have a great relationship and she threw my wife's baby shower. And so, You know, we have all these photos and videos of him on set with Jean and You know, sitting at Deborah Vance's desk as like an infant. And it is really cool that we'll have that. That's great. Forever. Yeah. That's, well I'm, You know, I, I mean it's, it's funny because after a while I, I always think back to the, I love Lucy show where Lucy goes to the club to tell Ricky that she's pregnant.


And, and it's, it's just fascinating to me because that was a show business relationship. Yeah. In real life. But also they were doing a show about that. Yeah, yeah. And then you saw all the ways in which it was intertwined. Yeah. And, and You know, we go by Paul Lou, that's our moniker, which is a nod to Desilu. Oh. We don't have a show about our life, but we have a show that is our life. So You, you play the bongos. That's right. I wish, I wish Jimmy could pick up the bongos. That would actually be good. He, he starts smoking a lot of weed and does the bongos 'cause Kayla just drives him off the deep end. That might be actually a good, we need something new. We need something new for Jimmy. A New gear. I can help you with that. And I'll be on set to pitch.


I also wanna give a personal shout out to an old fellow performer. One of the first things I ever did on stage was a show called Happy, happy good show in, I did it with Robert Smigel and Bob Odenkirk in Chicago in 1988 during a writer's strike at it. And so we were at SNL and we went to Chicago and put up this very weird sketch show. And I, there, I met Rose Abdu Oh my gosh. And Rose Abdu was hilarious and great. And I'm just so delighted that she's on the show. She Is so Funny. She's always note perfect. She is perfect. And I tell you what, we, You know, we've now, whether it's at South by or at screenings at the Pey Fest, we've, we've shown now a bunch of episodes to a live audience.


She kills. Yeah. She always knocks it out of the park. It's crazy. Yeah. You know, she comes on for one pop and always knocks it outta the park. She she's A trooper. She's like a vaudevillian trooper. Yep. And, but I've looked at, not long ago I found a program from Happy, happy good show. I think I'm 25. Wow. I'm six four, I think I'm 155 pounds. Wow. And there's a sketch I'm supposed where I'm supposed to be. Exactly. Damn. The cinder blocks Jock or weathervane. You'd be the destroy, you'd be the pole vaulter. Yeah. No, the pole, the actual pole. And I think it's a sketch where I'm, where Yeah. It's a sketch where all of us are supposed to be naked, but we're, I'm holding a guitar and you can see my, my body and it's a freak show.


Not that it isn't now, but, oh my God. But Rose is in the picture and all of us are just really hopeful. Like, we'll get there somehow. Aw. It's just, that's really cool. It's it's a really sweet memory for me. Yeah. She's been doing it for a long time and she is so good. I'm really glad that she's a part of the family and she named the character, it was a, it was a different name. And we said, she said, I'm gonna base this on my, my aunt and my mom. And we said, okay, do you want to choose the name? And she said, Josefina that Right. She, she was like, I have it ready. Yeah. Then she renamed your wife. Yeah, exactly. And you are Lucia? No, it's the chia Luciana Luciana. I am I the only one who've noticed that you have the most amazing eyes. Oh, come On.


I have, I I've seen on tv, but in person, I think I've fallen in love with Paul throughout this interview. Oh My gosh. That's deep. Very deeply in love with you. Well, because I'm just back At you. Oh, No, no. I have creepy killer eyes. No, look. Beatie looking around. Oh my gosh. Look at that. Don't do that. Right. If you do that. Yeah. But you do have really Nice painted beautiful eyes, but mansion Where the eyes move. Well, I think one of us has to call your wife. I am very happy for you. Thank you. Massive. Congratulations. If you ever want me to pay, play a, a parking lot attendant on your show, we need You on the show. Yeah. I'm not kidding. We Really Well, whatever. Whatever you guys want me to do, parking lot, you would you exist in that universe?


Yeah. No, he's, I'm dead now. No, you're Not. No. You've Been demoted to parking lot attendant. If you don't have a late night show, you're dead. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. I think that's, I think that was his, yeah. Yeah. It, it's all good. I'll do whatever you guys want me to do. Okay. It doesn't matter. And I have no ego about it. I'll do craft services on this show. Oh my God. But I'm a big, my son Would love you. Yeah, seriously. Just give him some pirates, booty, All chocolate pirate booty. But anything to help get an aura in the water. Like this show needs any help. I think you've won. It's insane. I can't even get into how many Emmys you've won Peabody, but all well deserved and thank you. Makes me happy. Always does. When these youngsters out there and you are youngsters are doing really good.


Fantastic work. And killing it makes me by association proud. Well, I, so thank you. Well, I, I hope you, I'm glad you feel that way because we admire you and your work so much. And You know, Jen, my co-creator, intern for you and has amazing stories about that. Covered, covered your assistant's desk and was very nervous. Yeah. And said that you were not only funny, but kind and what Yeah. Cuts on his mic. Depends on who. She's a very good assistant, I think, You know. Oh, wow. Yeah. She knows how to play it. Okay. Oh, he was very kind. Suddenly Bugatti shows up outside her door with a bow on it. Thanks for playing along Conan.


Anyway, hacks. It is season four now. Is it season Four? We're in season four. Yeah. Yeah, you're In season four and I'm five shows through and loving it. Thank you. And keep doing what you're doing, please. Thank you. Please. I try. I know you were thinking of stopping. Yeah, But my, I almost Retired last Year. I'm encouraging you to Continue and then I said I'll keep going. No. Was this podcast? Yeah. Actually you walked in your own, like, I think we're gonna stop now. My god success. Well now I can retire, You know? Yeah. I mean this has, I actually, You know, I always wanted to be on your show. Oh. And oh, it was a dream. And so this is a dream. But, You know, I saw you once and I said to my wife, I'm gonna go up and introduce myself and just tell 'em I'm a fan.


Everyone likes to hear that they have fans. And she was like, so you can, you can edit this out if you want, if you want to keep privacy. No go and anonymity. But it was at the hotel op. Yeah. Okay. So I'm at the hotel op and I'm like, I was there on a junket. I got sent there. But they love you there. You're on the wall. Oh, really? They have a signature of yours on the wall in the bar. Yeah. The hotel Duco is not a hotel that I would book myself. Okay. I was sent there because I'm not the kind of person, look, I like a nice hotel, hotel, hotel. I like a nice hotel in France. Where is This hotel? Oh, it's in Eden Rock in on the France. Like near Can Was wondering. Okay. And I got sent there. They said, do you want to go and do this panel there and we'll fly you and your wife?


And this is a legendary hotel. It's insane. And I get there and they're throwing some big shindig and I do my thing. And I'll never forget seeing me. Bon Jovi. Oh, Bon Jovi Bon We'll get to you. Okay. Seeing Bon Jovi and, and Bon Jovi. And I was like, oh, hey man, what are you doing here? And he went, they flew me in just to sing, You know, like Cab on a well, and it did. And I said, George Guy singing one song. He is like, like, that's it. Wow. And they're covering everything. And I thought, show business, I haven't experienced this a lot. This is fantastic. But anyway, so did we encounter each other? So no, because I, so we were actually, we weren't even staying in the main hotel. They have like a little annex that's less money.


And so, and 'cause I wasn't flown, I, I paid for it. And, but we were on a budget. So at dinner I said to Lucia, I'm gonna take all of the baguette in the basket, and I put baguettes in my pocket. I love this. And so we get back to the hotel, we had had some French wine and I said, oh my God, there's Conan, I have to go say hello. And she said, babe, you have baguettes in your pocket. Your pockets are stuffed with baguettes. You would love that. You're gonna look like, you're gonna look like Jean Bel Jean, you look like he's stolen food. Just wait till maybe you meet him. You meet him properly one day. No, I know. I wanna Say no. He is got baguettes in his pocket still, You know. Well, honestly, I would, I love Brad All.


Me too. I, first of all, she was wrong. Okay. She's Lucia again. Yeah. Back to demoted to Lucia. Lucia. No. Are you kidding? I would've loved that. I should've done that. I would've loved that. And as I think you'll attest, you would've said, oh, I don't wanna bother Conan O'Brien. You would've come up to me. We would've started chatting. I would've asked you some questions and then within 10 minutes you'd be saying, I think I have to go. That is the usual experience. I, I should've done it then. That would've been Serious. And I would've been like, oh, now I've got bread in my pockets too. Let's do a bit. Hey, let's meet tomorrow now let bread in my pocket. Be like, I don't think Conan, this is Rubian. It's getting a neediness here. Oh, that was good. Yeah. Needy. Needy. Yeah. That was very good. That was very good. Very need.


Very good. Paul, thank you so much for making the time. Congrats on everything and I'm real happy for you. Thanks so much.


We drink so much water every day and it's just water. And I'm like, hello. Boring. Yeah. There's gotta be a way to make water more exciting. Well, guess what? Someone cracked it with authentic flavors and lively carbonation. Waterloo sparkling waters bring full flavor artistry. Bla You're drinking one right now. Drinking one right now. I got the raspberry nectarine. And It Is tasty. It's very good. Very tasty. Everyone here in the office has been enjoying them. They're, they're excellent. They're delicious. Yeah. And, and You know, you say what's flavor artistry? Yes. You know, some people think, oh, you're just talking a lot of high class nonsense conant. No. It's about custom crafting, multi sensorial flavor experiences of aroma, taste, and mouth feel that make you say, wow. Wow. To that sentence, Waterloo Waters are crafted, not formulated or off the shelf, just purified sparkling water. And non GMO project verified natural flavors, which I insist on Me too, with zero calories, sugars, or sweeteners. I drink water constantly. I just had a couple of wa glasses of water and it was just regular water upstairs. And I regret that time. It's, it's, it just boring. You'll never get that back. I'll never get that time back. Three full glasses of water. I wish it was Waterloo and I coulda had What did you have? Raspberry. You know what? What's that one? Cracking open a peach right now. Okay. Well why You should have, you could have offered that to me. You just ate a second when I haven't had one. Oh, sorry. Nice. Thanks a lot. I'm just, I'm so thirsty. Where are you working tomorrow? Give Waterloo Sparkling Water a try. Look for Waterloo Sparkling Water next time you shop. Learn more about the flavors from Waterloo Sparkling water@drinkwaterloo.com.


Hey Sona, do you own a business that's ready to thrive? I do. Well, it's time to let Intuit QuickBooks take things like unpaid invoices and tracking expenses off your plate to take things to the next level. Make sense? I really Want my business to thrive. You Should. It should. Intuit QuickBooks is an all-in one business platform that can help with day-to-day tasks like invoicing and expenses. You wanna be worried about that stuff? That's Perfect. Yeah. That's what I, that's all I do. Yeah. Yeah. That's my whole business. It's your whole business. Manage and grow your business all in one place. Intuit QuickBooks, your way to money, money movement services are provided by Intuit Payments Incorporated, licensed as a money transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services.


Every now and then we stumble upon a revelation that really rocks our world. And just the other day we found out that Sona, you were a Girl Scout. Yes, I was. I just don't see it. What do you mean? Do you It's kinda shocking. Yeah, it is a little shocking. You're a rule breaker. Yeah. You're a rebel. You know, you're the pinky tuscadero. You know, I Still remember my pledge. I live by my pledge and I think that I, I think that I, what's the pledge on My honor? I will try to serve God. Oh my, I've already lost it. Oh my God, so far you're Back in a thousand to help people at all times and to live by the Girl Scout Law. Okay.


Yeah. I do that. I always do that. So you're welcome. Do you think that you upheld the Girl Scout Code when you were my full-time assistant? I helped people at all times. But what about me? I helped people at all times. Okay. And I lived by the Girl Scout Law. Okay. So, You know, did my best with you. Do You do very well in a Senate country? I know it does Sound like That. It does. You, are you, the Senate votes unanimously that you are the new Secretary of the Interior? I Do not recall. Yes. So that's what I'm gonna say. Did I always help you Do not recall. So how did you get into the Girl Scouts? Whose idea was it? Was this something that your, your parents came up with or was it something you wanted to do?


I Think my, my, my parents, I think they wanted to get us into American stuff. And so they signed me up as a Girl Scout when I was really young. I was a daisy. And then I became a brownie. I think that, no, I was a brownie then I became a junior. And so what's, I Don't know what the, what the ranks are. It, it starts off at Daisy. I Brownie, I thought Brownie was the beginning. Daisy was like, Daisy's the baby brownie and then Junior and then it goes up. But I stopped after Junior. And then it's Reich Fearer the very top. God. Yeah. That's when get a long leather coat and a writing Prop. Yes. It was fun though. I have lot Drive around. Lot of fun and a Mercedes. Okay, well we are joined by someone else on staff who we also, can I share a photo? And then it'll That's very good.


Eduardo has a Oh, oh my God. Oh my God. Look at that. Sona so serious. I don't know why I am holding the flowers like that. Sona, you look kind of like nonplus about it all. It does look like you're curling the flowers. It does. Oh, I just, I know this is incredible. Look at you. Yeah. And A flower bear at a funeral or something. But also look at what are those markings indicate? Are those different awards that you won? Yeah, those are my badges. That's what you, that's what it's all for. Right. But what were the badges? Do you remember what your badges were for? I have no, I I think it was like, I mean it was the eighties and nineties.


Not for flower holding. No, it wasn't for flower Holding. It was like, it was like, oh, I made applesauce. Oh, look at me. I made a pie. Oh look, I learned how to sew. Yeah. Like, and camping and stuff. Yeah. I Had, Sona was really good at selling cookies though. I feel like you, oh my God. We just tapped into a thing. We would go in front of the Albertsons and it was me and this troop leader's daughter. And we would battle it out to see who would sell more. And sometimes we were so aggressive, we scared away customers. Oh My God. And you were just, and here's the thing, you were a live girl who scared away adults and you were holding cookies. You the Brownie uniform. Look at that monster. Look at that monster. Yeah.


Always, always be closing. It's an Assassin. Yes. You were a just an assassin. You were a David Mame play. Desperate. He said that, Glen, I want the Glen Gary leads. I can't sell these Milanos. I want the Samoan leads. I want the Yeah, the Samo leads. These Milanos ain't selling. Milanos are not Girl Scout cookies. And you should know that. I don't know. How dare you. Oh, by the way, no one's bought more Girl Scout cookies than I have. Okay. Because we have some moms here. Yeah. That work here, that have daughter. And all I do is buy Girl Scout cookies. Buy the bucket load. Okay. And I take none of them home.


I don't eat them. So. Well, You should know Milanos are not Girl Scout cookies then. Okay. Tell me what the cookies are. There's Thin mints, there's Samoas, there's the, that's pretty much, oh, the Tagalongs are really good. The shortbread. Okay. There's the lemon ones. So I mean, it sounds like, and what was your spiel when you were trying to sell? Would You like to buy some Girl Scout cookies? I bet your spiel was more like, you're gonna buy some fucking cookies or you're gonna have a flat tire when you're done buying grapes and you're gonna have protection from here on out. Yeah. You understand? Understand Smoking A cigarette outside the Outfit. Just wore a tracksuit tracksuit with badges on it. Tracksuit badges. You're smoking a bubblegum cigarette. Look here.


See, why are you carrying a tire? Irony? You like having knees. Must be nice. Look, you buy some tag alongs and I won't be tagging along if You know what I mean. Hey, I am also gonna say you some Milanos. They're not street creds. Craig. These fell off a truck. Yeah. I don't think those are Girl Scout cookies. I said they fell off a truck. C Oh my God. Now David, you, it was also revealed when you saw this picture of Sona, you said, wait a minute, I must add something to the tip. I was a scout. You were a scout. Yeah. You were not only a scout though. You were I'm an eagle. An eagle scout.


I'm an Eagle scout. Is that the, that's The, that's as high as you can go. Yeah. Yeah. You're lucky To have us. Yeah, I Know. So, so, wow. Both my assistants have risen in the ranks of one of the most prestigious blah, blah, blah. Look at that. That's so adorable. I think I'm, I think that that's me holding a participation trophy. No, You got a slot car. You a slot car race. That was my Pinewood Derby car that I like built. Oh, look at. And then I lost David. That's my participation. Got A participation Trophy. I What is, what does that participation trophy look like? I mean, It's just smaller than the other trophies. But I would Is it a figure kind of shrugging?


It's a car. It's a little car. Oh, it's a little car. Yeah. So it's not even a car, it's just a blob. That was a big day. Yeah. I can tell. Can tell. You've, you've never been able to live up To that day. You put in so much work and then you put your car up and it's over in like a second. Oh, David, you look no different. Sona looks like Sona has grown into an adult person. You look like. Look at David and look at this little boy. I need to get the round glasses again. Yeah, you should. Oh my God is so cute David. Cute David. That's that's a very cute photograph. Now you, what kind of badges did you get? I mean, if you went that high, all of 'em.


I mean, it sounds like Sona just had a couple of bullshit badges. No, seriously. Like you didn't stick around that long. You didn't Have any badges. We, if we're in nature with the two of us, you We could, yeah, we could start a fire. We could do that, I think. Yeah. Wait, could you start a fire do you think using just two sticks? No, I Could with a, a lighter. Yeah. Oh wow. That's what they teach you in the scouts. Now with this, you need to go into the woods and all you have is an ace torch. No soda. Got her fire batch and 17 pounds of beef soda got her fire batch from just leaving a Curling iron On. So what about you, David? I mean, we had to do like, the camping one. The, the climbing one was awful. 'cause I had to repel from like a 30 F foot tower and I was terrified.


But we didn't sell cookies. We sold Christmas trees. Oh, That's, that's nice. Wow. That's, but wait, you, but did they come to a certain lot or do you have would to haul a tree around? They would come to a lot, lot. And then the Boy Scouts, we would just sit there and sell to everyone in Carlinville. And this is Carlinville, Illinois. Yeah. Shout out to Carlinville. Yeah. And David has told me many stories about Carlinville. You're basically a local at this point? No, I, I I know all about Carlinville. I have gone on the local websites. Yeah. You've had you shown me where you used to hang out, but one of the two places where you could hang out in Carlinville. Hey, Carlinville. Conan O'Brien here. I would love to visit Carlinville someday. That'd be fun. Hey, I think I deserve a parade.


Be a parade. Not David. No, David doesn't get a parade. Do they Both get to be on the float? No. No. He's a local boy. Made good. Yeah. David drives the float. Ill still wave. Yeah. And Our float will come in second. What Is our float gonna be? What what? Like it's gonna be the participation float. I love that there's a float competition for Conan to visit. Yeah. And I, because you're driving. We get the participation. So in a win somehow. I know I'm, I'll say this, I trust you both with my life. And that is a, that, that speaks well of the boy and Girl scouts.


Yeah. 'cause I think you are both exemplary people. I don't say that you have great skills. Okay. And I wouldn't go turn to you if I was lost in the woods. But you're both very good people. They gave you a good moral code. Yeah, that's, We'll take it. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks. So shout out to the scouts. Oh, We took the O Hey. Hey Scouts. Get a Milano. Put the, there's no reason why you just can't start putting Milanos in there. And No, it's not a trademark name. And No, I haven't looked into it. Just do it. But anyway. Oh God. And, and Carlinville will be seeing you soon. Wow. We're gonna be in the paper. You just Sexually harassed a city.


These pictures can be viewed. A Team Coco podcast on Instagram. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sono of Cession and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley. Executive Produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aren Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent Booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Conn.


You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash Conan. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine Podcasts are downloaded


going up, prices keep going up. These days it feels like being on an elevator that only goes up. Going up, but not at Metro. We're pushing the down button. Going down. We've lowered prices. Get one line of 5G data for $40. Period. That's 20% lower. And you get a free Samsung 5G phone when you bring your number. Only at Metro. Five Year guarantee on eligible plans. Exclusions apply. See website for details not available at Metro with T-Mobile the past six months tax applies.


This episode is sponsored by E-Trade from Morgan Stanley. Dive into the market with E-Trade. Easy to use tools and now there's even more to love. Get access to Expert Insights from Morgan Stanley to help navigate the markets. Open an account and get up to a thousand dollars or more with a qualifying deposit. Learn more at E-Trade dot com terms and other fees apply. Investing involves risks. Morgan Stanley. Smith Barney, LLC Member Sip E-Trade is a business of Morgan Stanley.