
Your next crime family Sock Obsession is coming this March to Paramount Plus Mob Land, an explosive new series from the underworld of Guy Ritchie Stars, Tom Hardy Pierce Brossman, and Helen Meen go inside the Harrigan crime family who will stop at nothing to ensure they come out on top in a war that threatens to topple empires and destroy lives. New series Mob Land streaming March 30th on Paramount Plus.


How hot do you like it? Firehouse Subs is churning up the heat. They've teamed up with hot ones to create two new sandwiches. The zesty garlic hook and ladder is the milder option. Can you believe that? Those still packed with flavor. And for the bravest spice chasers, the spicy dill hook and ladder sandwich is sure to be a three alarm ion. Well, Sona bla. You guys sampled the wares today. We did. You had yourself those hook and ladder sandwiches. How were they? They were Great. And they had a kick. Yeah, They did. I, I did the zesty garlic hook and ladder. Oh. And, and I loved it. I took a walk in the wild side with the spicy dill hook and ladder, and it was great. I loved It. Well, I'm glad you guys enjoyed yourselves. Find out how hot you like it. Try the zesty garlic and spicy deal. Hook and ladder at Firehouse Subs. For a limited time, life doesn't go on forever. You gotta grab the moment, dude. Visit Firehouse subs.com to find a restaurant near you. Individuals sensitive to spice or the Carolina Reaper Pepper should not consume this spicy dill hook and ladder. Limited time at participating Firehouse Subs. Restaurants.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hey Cooper, welcome to Conan. O'Brien needs a Fan. Hey, Cooper, how are you? Good. How are you? Okay. I'm gonna ask you to pretend to be excited to see me, because right now I'm, I'm very excited. You just look like you're in the I eight items or less aisle and you're just, I mean, I want you to just manufacture right. Just to manufacture a little, like Wow. Be Excited. Be so Excited. Yeah. No, I, seriously, how are you, Cooper? I am really good. I, I'm so excited to be here. Okay. Well now you look like you're a hostage. You're saying the stuff you've been told to say by your captors, which in a kind of way you are.


Where are you coming from? Cooper? I live in DC. Okay. Okay. And tell us a little bit about yourself. Cooper, all I know is you're Cooper, you're from dc, you appear to be a, a young fellow. Are you in your late twenties? Are you in your thirties? What? Give us an age. I'm 26 and I am a Civil War historian. Oh my God. Oh, okay. I am glad to talk to you. I'm a bit of a civil war. I'm a bit of a history buff. And I, civil war is one of the areas that I, I'm kind of interested in. Have you been a civil war buff your whole life? Or is this something you came to later on? I have, I've been a history buff my whole life. Yeah. When I was in third grade, my teacher wrote on my report card that I watched too much History Channel Wow.


Held back a year. An off history. Yeah. Which basically meant I couldn't shut up. So, and then it was a fifth grade field trip to Gettysburg that really got me onto Civil War, and I haven't really stopped since. Yeah. Gettysburg Will will get you. That's, that's a, I've visited many battlefields and my wife drew the line when we were in Georgia and I tried to make her come see Andersonville, which is the famous Confederate prison where they kept a lot of northern prisoners and they all died of dysentery. Oh. And my wife was like, wait, where are we driving to now? And I said, we're off to Andersonville. And she said, what happened there?


Thousands of people died of diarrhea. And she said, Nope, not on our honeymoon. Not on our honeymoon. So haven't been there. I blame her. But Gettysburg, that is, it's incredible to walk that area. It was such a pivotal battle and to walk that area and kind of, you can see the topography still the same. So you can kind of get a feel for why things played out the way they did. It is, it's really amazing. And I get the chance to lead students on tours there every year. And you can tell not all of them are really into the military history, but I think the human interest stories are really how you get to the students. Like when I, when I lead a tour of, shall I say, older people, they really wanna know the nuts and bolts of where was the right flank of the third Alabama.


But when you're engaging with high school and college students, it's the human interest stories that like really blow them away. Right. At a place like Edburg. Yeah. You tell 'em, here's where Taylor Swift reloaded her musket. I would just lie to the students. I would just plug in all kinds of the latest pop stars and reality stars just to get them interested. Come on. No. Yeah. Here's where the Real Housewives of New Jersey led a Charge. Cooper, you're allowed to lie if it keeps them interested. No, you're not. No, you're not. Cooper. You can't lie about the Civil War. Can I ask you a question? One of my favorite books, like one of my Desert island books, if I was allowed like five books on, on a desert island, one of them would be Killer Angels by Michael Shower, which I think is one of the most beautiful, it's a novel, but it's historically accurate to the Battle of Gettysburg.


And it takes place over three days. And all the main players are in there. And I've read that book maybe 7, 8, 9 times. Wow. And I just find it haunting and beautiful, killer Angels, Michael Shera, Michael Shara, you don't even have to be a his Civil War buff to find that a powerful book, I think. Do You agree with me? Yeah, I read that when I was very young. It's, it's a good one. You're so smart. You read it when you were, you're like, yes, I read that when I was two. And then I You read it just before everybody poops with dysentery. Yeah, exactly. Ah, you gotta bring it back.


Okay, well, so I, I like you, we have similar interests. I think this date's going well so far, Cooper, and you live, You know, I would think it'd be hard not to get into some of the history, because If you live in DC and you live in that area, You know, you can't walk 15 feet without being on ground that was somehow involved in something historic, You know, and I, I felt the same way in Massachusetts growing up. It was all about the Revolutionary War. You know, you, you'd, you could take a trip to Lexington and Concord, or even if you're walking around Boston, you're, or in the hills around Boston, bunker Hill. It's all stuff where history played itself out.


So I think that helped fuel my interest in, in history was just that I kind of grew up around it. Yeah. Absolutely. The same for me. I mean, I grew up a little bit north of Gettysburg, so I kind of grew up in an area where civil war history was, You know, all around me. And then moving to DC for grad school, obviously I'm next to the archives. I'm immersed in history all the time, so almost, almost to the point where I take it for granted, but I try not to. So tell me about a little bit about your life. So we've, we've covered this Civil War part. Tell us more about Cooper. What's your last name? Cooper Wingert. Okay. Cooper Winger. Tell us about Cooper Winger, the man, what's going on?


What's happening? I, I guess my two hobbies besides, I, I love reading and writing. I love teaching. That kind of is an extension of my work. So that's a big part of who I am. I, one of my favorite things professionally that I do is each summer I do a summer program for rising high school seniors. It's aimed at first generation college students. Oh. So I actually get to live in the dorms with these students. I'm like their ta, their ra, I'm like, basically their, You know, glorified babysitter. So I get to kind of help them transition to, You know, doing college level coursework, but at the same time I have to like, You know, just be like the adult in the room and make sure they don't, they look both ways before they cross the street.


So it's kind of one of the, the fun things I get to do. I get to be really silly. I get to do like, PowerPoint night with them. I have a fan favorite Nicholas Cage PowerPoint. Wait a minute, wait a minute. So every now and then when you guys really wanna just rip the lid off this thing and go totally loco You have PowerPoint night. I know it. It's, it's how old, How old are these kids by the way? They're 16, 17. So we, we, they're, we gotta keep 'em, You know, like, You know, fun and, and not crazy entertainment. Yeah. But when you get to responsible at all, When do you get to the fun part? Cooper or Crazy Entertainment? Yeah. When, no, they, they get to design the PowerPoint.


So they design a PowerPoint about some crazy topic they pick. And then we as the staff also design our own PowerPoint. Okay. All right. So I designed one about how Nicholas Cage blew his fortune and they seem to like that one. Oh, Okay. Alright. Wait a minute. I'm, I'm liking this now. How did Nicholas Cage blow his fortune? A series of very strange purchases like a dinosaur skull skeleton that ended up being repossessed by Interpol. I think Island, You know, there's nothing worse than when a skeleton you bought is repossessed. It's one thing when they come take your Maserati, but when they take your skeleton, if I had a dime, God yes. I didn't, he he bought some bones and then they were controversial. Maybe they were even counterfeit. Who can say, I don't know.


But look, Nick Cage, terrific actor, great body of work, but maybe what you're saying is we shouldn't go to him for investment counsel. Maybe not that. That's kind of the, the theme of the presentation. Okay. Well, okay. It sounds like you guys are having a good time. A PowerPoint of a PowerPoint. Yeah. What about your life? What's going on in your social life? I, I live in DC I'm, I'm in the final stage of my PhD program, so I am kind of like on the job market. So I'm like potentially moving anywhere in the country. So everything's kind of up in the air right now. But it's kind of a good position to be in because I don't really like the, the choices are in, in some ways like outta my hands.


So I'm kind of, You know, just kind of seeing where things go right now. Okay. But what about like, dating? Are you on the apps, like all the young people? Are you on the apps? No, I am single. I try not to bring up the Civil War stuff on dates. No, you're, Wait a minute. I said, are you on the apps? And you went, no, I'm single. Well, I'm married and I'm on the apps and I am cleaning up. I'm like, why is that? Kiki in Palm Springs is into


it. Airbnb, man. That's what kids are doing now. Yeah. Bla you like your Airbnb, don't you? Yeah, It's great because when I go on a, You know, I'm gonna go back to Michigan for about three weeks and my place is just sitting there empty. Might as well make some scratch. Why not? Yeah. Yeah. Scratch is money, right? Like Yeah, I think so. Great. Some greenbacks. And it's nice because you're gonna go stay in Michigan. That's right. Where you're from. But why not make some money off your pad? Exactly. I'm staying with my mom. No one's staying in my place. Let's, let's, let's get some money from it. And It's a good feeling to know that your place is being used, it's being enjoyed and you're getting paid for it. Yeah. And I got a cool place. Yeah. You know, like, I, I went to this bachelor party last year in Miami. Remember when I went to that bachelor party that Was, I heard it Was wild. And I, I wasn't even invited. I just was a, I saw that there was a bachelor party and I went in, I have nobody my age getting married. Amazing. Yeah. And it just was so great. But I made sure that I rented out my home, You know, before I went to the bachelor party that I wasn't invited to. And it was a good feeling. Great. Made some money. Not a great feeling to be asked to leave. Leave the bachelor party. Yeah. Think about it. If you host while you're traveling, it's a great way to offset some of the costs of your trip. And if you've got a big year of travel ahead of you, hostings a Pretty cool and unique way to make some money back. And then you can buy that special travel purse you want. Or man, bagg or Yeah. Purse 2025 is the year to be financially savvy. So don't leave money on the table when you travel. Your home might be worth more than you think. Find out how much at Airbnb dot com slash host


the all new Nissan Armada Pro. Four X is an unshakeable fortress powered by a twin turbo V six engine. Yeah. Ready to propel your adventures to new heights. Yeah. Your voice changes when you do a car act. I'm trying to, I'm trying to become Will Arnett. Oh, okay. But I can't do it. He's like, oh, new Nissan Armada pro Fourex. No, listen, I'm gonna, I'm gonna explain this car to you. 'cause this car is fantastic. It's Max 8,500 pound towing capacity has the power to haul all your favorite toys on your next big adventure. Mm. You could steal the Statue of Liberty with this. It's incredible. I'm not saying do that. I'm just saying this thing that's a lot of hauling power. Nobody gets left behind with the Armada Pro. Fourex is premium interior that seats up to eight passengers. That's crazy. I don't know. Eight people going big. Never goes outta style. No terrain is too tough for the all new Nissan Armada Pro four x the most capable armada ever built, built for the most rugged of terrain. The all new Nissan Armada Pro. Four X gives you freedom to explore further


This bracket season. FanDuel is letting you make the call. 'cause right now, new customers can get $200 in bonus bets when your first $5 bet wins. You hear me? That's 200 extra binos to bet on. Everything from clutch shots to last second heartbreaks and even who's cutting down the nets. If you've been waiting to join, there's no better time. There's turn action not slang for tournament almost every day. And FanDuel has amazing bet types like spreads totals, game props, and so much more. I know all about this. You do? Oh, I'm a real, it sounds like it. I'm a real Beto. I I'm, I'm excited because Michigan State, which is my team, I I think they're gonna go all the way. They're number one in the big 10. Yes. Yes. Let's go all the way. You know, don't shake your head, Eduardo. Listen, you are all a Michigan all the way. You're always That's right. Ever since I've known you, which is like 20 some odd years. That's right. You've been babbling about Michigan. This Michigan that. You gotta try a Michigan soup. You gotta have Michigan pizza pie. I love it all. And, and, and so Yeah. I say with FanDuel, Michigan stayed all the way. Let's go baby. Go drink, Go. Yeah. Your favorite murderers are from Michigan. Anyway. That's true. Also, soup. Visit FanDuel dot com slash conan. Get in on the college hoops action. All turny long turn is short for tournament. Must be 21 plus in present in select states for Kansas. In affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in present in DC. First online Real money wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Visit md gambling help.org. In Maryland,


One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. I know, like I'm trying to sell my coal miners hat and it goes to a dance troupe. Ugh, that's no good. It's just stupid. That's where LinkedIn ads come in. Fortunately, LinkedIn is a network of over 1,000,000,001. You can't even count that high. I can't, I can't either. Link is a network of over 1 billion businessy people who might actually be interested in your business. You can even target your buyers by job title, industry, company roles, seniority skills, company revenues. Did I say job title? I thinking did To stop wasting budget on the wrong audience. That's just stupid. Start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will give you a $100 credit on the next campaign, so you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco trips and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.


You are single, but you're not on the apps. No, I am On the apps. Oh, okay. Okay. Good. Okay, good. Okay. All right. And, and you wanna kind of hide the Civil War stuff for now? I, I think let it out in moderation. I don't wanna scare somebody on a first date. You know, it's kind of like, I, I almost imagine giving a date. Like, You know, the, the, the cards they give you in like a soccer game. The refs, like they hold up a card if you do something like commit a foul. Sure. Like, that's what I need for, like, when I start going off about the Civil War, I need somebody to just be like, your cutoff. Okay. You got like a, this is your warning. So, well Cooper, this could be bad advice, but I couldn't disagree more. I say, you lead the Civil War and go hard. I say, yeah. I say you should, you should be dressed on the apps as a civil war soldier.


Oh boy. With the, with the, the kooky beard and the musket. And you should talk to them and say like, I just got back from the battle. We had a, I was in the hornet's nest. It was, the fire was coming pretty fast and thick. Why is he talking like that? You know what, what? Civil war reenactments. Yes. You can meet someone at a Civil War reenactment. You've done a Civil War reenactment. Sure. I did. I did. Yeah, we did it down in Oh, it was in Atlanta. Yeah. Yeah. That's where I met Liza. She was, she was a corpse, no matter we were two corpses right outside Atlanta. And I just liked the way that she was laid out, You know?


Oh dear. Laid out and we couldn't move much. But I was like, Hey. And she was like, hi. And I'm like, I got you out in the chest. And she's like, I got a belly wound. And I'm like, those are bad. Those get infected. And one thing led to the another and yeah. So have you done any civil war reenactments? I have. When I was like 12. I was conscripted into one for 10 minutes and I quit. I'm sorry. You can't be drafted in a fake war. No. How you do, you do? Yeah. How I think one of the reenactors like had to leave for some something. He just got in his car and drove away.


So they gave me a uniform and they said like, carry this baked potato from here to the cannon and put it in the cannon. Or pretend to what? And we're gonna Baked potato. What kind of reenactment is this? I like a no, You know what I like, I like a no starch reenactment. No starches on my reenactment. That's hilarious. Well, I was a very odd child and I remembered writing a play about Lincoln's assassination at Ford Theater in the third grade. Oh boy. And making Scotty McGregor play Lincoln. And I played booth and we staged it in the gymnasium so I could yell six Semper Tyrannus and jump from the top. They had bars that went up to the ceiling for gymnastics and I leapt and then crawled into a little crawl space and hid.


And the play lasted like three minutes. And the whole third grade booth, He was so dark. And I know, I know. Why did you choose to be Booth? Because I wanted Scotty McGregor to be Lincoln. I thought he was a good, and I wanted to make that leap six se Tyrannus and then leap. And, and then I crawled into a little hole and I had to stay there 'cause there was no way out until all the students left. So I crawled into a little hole at the Michael Baldwin school in Brookline, Massachusetts. Were you in costume? Yes. I had a little mustache and I had a little overcoat. And I think my derringer was just a baked potato because that's the go-to in civil worry enactments. Oh. So I killed Lincoln with a baked potato.


But yeah, I got, I'll never, I don't know why I remember that very well. Scotty McGregor asking him in the playground, can you be my Lincoln? And he is like, sure, what do I do? You just sit there and watch a pretend play and I shoot you and then I climb into a hole and hide there until the whole auditorium leaves. So I'm a weird guy. And I like you. I like you Cooper. Oh my God. Well, I don't think you have to hide the fact that you have these interests. You seem like a really nice person. I think, You know, I, I I think you can be, I I think you can be open about it. 'cause what If you meet someone that's just as into it as you are? That would be surprising. Would You either want that or do you kind of like to keep it for yourself?


I mean, to be, to be honest, I don't think that's ideal in a partner. I think if there's too much similar interest, I don't know that I want to hear about the Civil War from somebody else. Right. I like to listen to myself talk about it all day. But I don't know if I wanna hear somebody else's voice talking about it. I just love you going saying, if I hear one more word about Joshua Lawrence Chamberlain, I'm gonna lose it. I don't, I just, you seem like an exemplary young fellow, doesn't he? Yes. I mean, this is the kind of person we need more of your teaching. You're helping people. You're obsessed with the Civil War. Yeah. These are all the qualities that I find mandatory in a human being. Where are you right now in your house?


'cause it's, there's nothing hanging on the wall. I know. I, I actually stress so much about my Zoom background. Basically, I just moved apartments, so I was gonna do like a bookshelf. So I, You know, looked very professor. But You know, just life got the better of me. So you're getting the hostage background. It's okay. I like how the light switch is painted the same color as the wall. So Everything Thank I thought it was a nice time. Everything And the shelf Rack too. Everything, yeah, everything blends into everything else, but man, does your green sweater pop? That's for sure. It's going well. It is going well. Do you have a question for Conan?


I do. So I, I'm curious, I know you have a, a big love of the Civil War. If you were a Civil War general, I wanna know what skill sets or liabilities you would bring to the battlefield. Oof. In real life. I think Mike. Yeah, I think Mike Cowardice, I'm gonna say is a plus. How so? Well, it's very good to save lives. And the best way to do that is to lead everybody away from the fight. Now would I be leading them so much as just running first? I don't know. I think I'd be really good around a campfire at night, You know, spinning a yarn, entertaining people.


And then the next day when the fighting broke out, they'd notice I didn't, I don't see him either. I don't know where he went. Everybody show maybe, maybe he got killed. But then I'm back at the fire that night and then I'm like, I tell ya, did you see the way Lee took off on his horse? Oh, that right. He ran faster than a man. That right. Flank crumpled. Like, You know, and then I would just be making jokes and stuff and I'd be laughing again. Next day I'm gone. No one knows where I am because I found one hollow tree nobody knows about. Just like booth, you're in your little hole. My little hole. I'm like any threatened animal, I like to just go find a little hole and hide in it until all, everything calms down. But I think I'd be a lot of fun around the campfire.


I really do. What about you? How do you, what, what are your, do you think you'd make a good leader If you, let's say we get in a time machine, you go back to 1863, battle of Gettysburg, of course Summer, You know, you're there in Pennsylvania. Do you think you'd, you'd do a good job? Well, I mean, considering that I, I quit reenacting after 10 minutes 'cause the uniform was too hot. You know, probably not, but gimme a baked potato. Sure. I mean, I could probably launch that thing. Right. Okay. And of course, and I hate to bring it up, but You know, most soldiers did die of disease back then. So, You know, what is that, what's your point there? My point is, yeah, that Cooper, you'd get real sick real fast.


Oh, probably. Yeah. And yeah, and, and me, I wouldn't, 'cause I'd be far from the battlefield. Yeah. Eating, wholesome, just a lot of apples. You'd be at some hot springs. Just Convalescing blessing. I find a, a five star resort that's adjacent to the battle. And I've got, I've got binoculars. No, no, no. What are that They put on their eyes and spas. What do they call cucumbers? Cumbers. I've got cucumbers on Myers. Yeah. Not stop bringing up potatoes. Anyway. Well, I wish you well, Cooper, you seem like a, you seem like a good guy.


I really do. I I think you're a good guy. And, and I think I, you haven't said it yet, but I can tell you really admire me and think I'm a great man and I'm just gonna fill that in and you can just keep nodding with about as little enthusiasm as I've ever seen. Go for It. I admire you so much. I, I'd love for you to blurb my next book, but for it to be something totally unrelated to the book, I'll do that. Sure. Like, like this book about the Civil war. This, this had the greatest tomato soup recipe ever Done. I'll do it for you. Great. We'll reach out to you. We'll contact, what's your next book gonna be about? My next book is about the destruction of slavery during the Civil War. Oh, good. Well you probably don't want to have, like, I don't want a funny blurb on the back of a from a white, The whitest guy.


Yeah, Exactly. I'm the whitest guy in the world. And did you see Conan's comedy blurb on the back of this book on slavery that seemed inappropriate. I think you're trying to destroy my career, Cooper. I'll wait till the next book after that. But I, I do wish you all the best. I think teachers do are doing God's work. I really do. And so bless you, sir. And I hope we meet in person one day on a fake battlefield. Sounds Great. If you ever want to tour Gettysburg. Okay. All right. We'll figure it out. All right, take care. Sounds Thanks a lot. Bye. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs.


Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer, Aren Blad, associate talent producer, Jennifer Samples, associate producers, Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan. Please rate, review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan wherever fine podcasts are down


At Amica Insurance. We know it's more than just a car or a house. It's the four wheels that get you where you're going and the four walls that welcome you home when you combine auto and home insurance. With Amica, we'll help protect it all. And the more you cover, the more you can save Amica. Empathy is our best policy.


All set for your flight? Yep. I've got everything I need. Eye mask, neck pillow. T-Mobile headphones. Wait. T-Mobile. You bet. Free inflight wifi. 15% off all Hilton Brands. I never go anywhere without T-Mobile. Same goes from a water bottle. Chewing gum nail clippers. Okay, passport. I'm gonna leave you to it. Find Out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel Qualifying plan required wifi Were available on select US Airlines deposit and Hilton Honors membership required for 15%. Discount terms and conditions apply.