
High Five Casino lets you play your favorite slots and live table games like blackjack. You love blackjack. Donna I do with the chance to redeem for real cash prizes. Yeah. Yeah. I love blackjack. you get to go Hit me. Hit me. Yeah. And stay. And, yeah. And stay. That's the other one. Yeah. I stay. Yeah. Good, good one. Yeah. High Five Casino has a giant selection of over 1200 games, including hundreds of exclusive games only found on High Five Casino. It's always free to play and free coins are given out every four hours. You can tell time by it. Ready to have your own high five moment. Hmm. Nicely done, copywriter. Visit high five casino.com. That's high. The number five casino.com. No purchase necessary void. Where prohibited by law must be 21 years or older terms and conditions apply,


man, we were just in summer and then we're like rocketing into Halloween. I know. I'm on the beach. We're in my Speedo 10 minutes ago. Oh no. Now I'm dressed up as a guy in a Speedo on Halloween. That's their Costume. Yeah. It saves money and time.


A lot can happen in a second. That's why ADT spends all their seconds helping protect all of yours while you're out. The ADT Plus app gives you complete control over who has access to your home. It's great with the Google Nest doorbell from ADT. You can know for sure if the person at the door is a scary goblin or just your next door neighbor. This season may be spooky, but you can feel secure. Hey, Sona? Yeah. With this app, I can stop by your house and you can let me in remotely. Okay. Or I can just pretend I'm not home. Oh, when every second counts. Count on ADT. Visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT a s AP Google and Google Nest doorbell are trademarks of Google LLC.


Hi. I am Quinta Brunson. And I. Feel optimistic about being Conan O'Brien's friend. That's nice. Well, you should feel optimistic. Is that a threat? Did. you say it like That. You listen to me. Quentin, you listen to me. I said I fought Fall here. Hear the yell. Back to school. Ring. Bell shoes. Walking. loose the fence. Brooks and Pens. Gonna Friends. Gonna be friends. Hey there.


It's Colonel O'Brien. Another exciting episode. Da Governor O'Brien needs a changing things up here a little bit. Joined by Matt Gorley. How are you there? Gores? I'm good. I'm sorry. I'm finishing up a pretzel. Yeah, All. right. And we got our son of obsession over here. So can I just say, we've been here in, in the facility here, the, the studio for I know What would you say about an hour? Yeah. Doing some other stuff. And you have applied what looks like a lip gloss like 40 times. I have I have to tell you guys. So what's going on? I have, so I'm a chronic lip moisturizer. Yeah. What's That all about? But the thing is, I got a new one. And I was like, this'll be nice 'cause it's like a tube.


Yeah. And then it comes off and then I, it tastes so good. I keep licking it up, up. Well, so you're basically eating it. You're eating it. You're eating it. Where is it? Sona. Can I see it? Can I take a look at it? Would you hand it to me? And when you say what you called it when she was putting it on, oh, well, she kept putting it on And. I said, what is that? Say something stupid sauce. 'cause you sure are using it a lot. Gimme some lip. It's called, we're just giving these people a free plug. We are. Do you mind if I put it on right now? I promise. I don't Mind. I Really don't. That sore. I have a sore that appears monthly. Well, you knew that. Why Are you looking at your hand? Are you gonna put on your hand? No. Okay. On your lip. Yeah. It tastes good. And also it doesn't, I it doesn't stay on that.


Well. I have other stuff that kind of just like stays on this. Oh my God, this tastes fantastic. That's what I'm saying. I keep eating it. And so, oh, This is delicious. I'm not kidding. It's delicious. Keep Oh my gosh. Just keep, just keep it. No, I'll give it back to you. It's like he's just sucking on a Go-Gurt. This is amazing. What's in it? Oh God. Do not ingest. Oh, now it's 40% less asbestos. This is incredible. This really does. I see. Now why you keep applying it? Because it's very delicious. Do you ever put it on the finger and then use the finger to apply? I don't. No. I just go straight from tube to mouth. Mm. But but you're putting on a lot. Do You see what I mean? Well, do you know why I'm putting on a lot?


I don't think I've ever moisturized my lips. Oh, not once. Have you ever seen me moisturize my lips In all the years you've known me. I I. do you moisturize your lips? I always have a chapstick with me. I never do. Really? I don't, Eduardo actually never do it. It's foreign to me. Yeah, I Agree. This is so, your lips are so shiny right now. Well, They should be that, you know what, draw attention to the mouth thing saying they're so shiny. I've got two chapsticks with me for some reason. That's so weird. But why I don't don don't know if I'm doing something wrong. but I Eduardo back me up. I don't participate in that. Yeah, I don't, I just think, well, we're in the world. We didn't, when we evolved from the Great Ape, he did not moisturize his lips. So then you don't need to use sunscreen. Oh, okay.


That's just, that's cruel. That's going after my disability. That is, That is. Wait, you're, oh my God. You're putting on, look, look at that. So much of it. Oh my God. This is say is Disconcerting. but you know what the thing is? I I laugh a lot. And I. Smile, Smile a lot. If you can see this on video, don't, don't zoom in. Skip zoom in. Skip it. Help me. Help me. Oh my God. With your like five o'clock shadow. I'm over moisturized. God, you should lube up. Does it? It feels good. Does taste like though, what's that? What does it taste like though? Try it. Go ahead. No, no. Oh, come on. It's fine. The, so no, listen, the sore, I get erupts once.


Take It with your fingers. You just, No, no. Just, Just don't even open it. Just try it. You coward. Put it on Eduardo. Come on, Eduardo. I promise you, you, You're all talk dude. Eduardo put it Literally, Don't be a little Don do it. Don't ever Kiss Conan on the mouth. Come On. No, Eduardo. I'm telling you. I. do IL No, Don't lick it. It's for your lips. Put on your lips and then lick your lips. Taste really good. Lick your lips. I Mean, it has a tint. Eduardo lick your lips. Look at That. What's it taste like? don? Don't know. I've never used lip before. I don't know if this is what it Normally, you know why this is, this is why Eduardo's never been hired to do an infomercial. Try this amazing new product. What do you think, Eduardo? I don't really want to try it.


No, the Eduardo. It's an amazing new lip balm. Try it on your lips. Just put it tiny bit. But Eduardo, doesn't it feel good? don don't know. I didn't say it was bad. I just, you know, I didn't say it was bad. Oh, great. You heard it from Eduardo. He didn't say it was bad. Paul. 1 805 5 5 25 25 And get your not so bad lift balm. What is Your problem? Man? It's delicious. It is really D I've seen that You seriously, you keep it. And don't worry about whatever sores I may have. I don't, I'm not, nobody puts it in their mouth. I know. But that's like, it's, I don't want it after that. Why? What are you afraid of? Be honest. I don't want, your saliva is all over now.


I know Now. What, what do you, what do you worry is on my what? The tissue is forever tied to that too. If you just I know if you like. But also Rod, like deep throating. My Cap Did. you say rod dog in It. You did. I said Rod dog. And. I was like, that's not the right one. Then I changed it to Deep Throating, which is what you were doing With it. I didn't Deep throat it. I know what deep throating is. Yes. Well, you definitely flad it. Have never You blew, you blew my chest. I have never ever affiliated a penis that small that I promise you that's the Conan guarantee With the Lip Glo. You heard it here. Oh God. I've never fileted a penis that small.


Get the hell outta here. He has children. He has a family. He lives in the world. And he'll pay for what he said. Anyway. Yeah, that's good stuff. And I'm, I'm glad that you let me try it and maybe I should. I'm not. Okay. Well, it got us a very disturbing visual All. right. Let's get, let's get this, let's get this rock rolling. Shall we? My guest today Is what? I'm just looking at you. I'm sorry. I can't Is it that I'll, I'll wipe it off. It might have a little bit of a tint. It might give a hydrating lip serum. Permanent tint. Permanent tint. We'll, nev last for a lifetime. No, it doesn't have it. All. right. Please, please.


It's, we could use a tint of talent right now. Oh. So I'll take care of that. I guess it's an Emmy award-winning writer and actress who created the hit a, b, c series. Abbott Elementary. Which you can stream on Hulu. What can I say? I love her. She is, I love that show. And. I love her. She's beloved and she deserves all the success that has come her way. I'm thrilled she's here today. Quinta Brunson. Welcome. Delighted to have you on the podcast. I'm just all tingly because you I am. Well, some of that's a stroke.


Yeah. Which happens at my age. What Is Your age? What is Yeah. What is my age? That is such a rude question. It's 61. I'm 61 years Old. That's amazing. Did I That is, That's so cool That you didn't think, you didn't think men. Oh, you're still walking. You didn't think why? I don't like to do podcast. I'm just saying. No, that's so great. Yeah. I love that. That's amazing. That, that someone can live that long. Yeah. Yeah. He's mostly animatronic at this point. So you didn't see me. They carried me in and put me in chair before you walked in. Anyway, sorry. No, But I. No, But. It's funny because I, you're super young.


I remembered being your age, and if I met someone who was 60 or 61, I thought, oh my God, I can't believe they, you know, that's, they, they just stood up from a sitting position. That's not it. That's not what she meant. That's how it, she meant you looked age. First of all, I'm not super young. It's relative compared to you. Yes. But compared To, To people who are 20, I'm not super young. Couldn't be. but I used to watch your show with my sister. And so And I was very, very young. That's when I was like, allowed to come sleep on her, on her floor when I was, it Was like the old late night show. The late night show. Yeah. And. it was a big deal for me. And. it was very formative for me.


And so, I don't know, when you said 61, I was like thinking about my own age and just watching your show when I was younger. Yep. I think it's super tight that you're 61. Not like, like that's cool. Do you know what I No, No, no Guys, no Podcast. Okay. We were talking about it today. Your show premiered today. Today is the day that my is the anniversary of my late night show starting, which is when things really kicked into high gear for me. Obviously. That's wild. And and that was 1993. So 30, 31 years. 30, 31 years ago. And what the fuck? That's crazy. Yeah. So yeah. I mean, I probably was about 10. Yep. When I was allowed to sleep up there, it was a big deal to go.


My sisters are much older than me, so it was like the biggest deal that could ever happen to me to go be able to sleep upstairs with them and Yeah. I was watching your show. And I was like, oh, You, you know, it's Like this guy. Oh, That's nice. One day I want to hang out with him, but not till he is much older. Well, you know what's interesting, let me finish my thought, which is you put the comedy first, which is so important, and then put it in the name of something or in allegiance to a cause that was very important to you. Mm. Sometimes people confuse the order and they say, I'm gonna do this important comedy that shines a light on this thing.


And they forget to put comedy first. you get it. Your show is so funny and so good. And then And I notice later on. The writing is so good. The performing is so good. Your cast is amazing. but I also love that we have a, we have a culture that's obsessed with wealth. And so many shows are about wealth and it's about incredibly wealthy people who turned to, you know, who Yeah. Who are also sexy and fucked up. And I. Think watching your show was so beautifully refreshing to me because so few people. And it's almost like there's a mandate out there. A show has to be about super wealthy people.


Have you noticed that? I, Yeah. I think that part of the reason why I was longing to see something like my show, and thank you for all your kind words, that means the world was because like, wish fulfillment became the the biggest thing. The biggest buy. It was the biggest sell. And that goes from shows about wealthy people to shows about people who are like super stylish people being sold what they are not in order to keep them in a cycle of I'm not good enough. Yes. And, I really think it's the same thing as when you see an ad for sunglasses that like you can't afford. But that ad is secretly telling you, if you don't have these sunglasses, you're not good enough. Right. So you need to get 'em And.


I felt like all the shows were starting to feel that way. And with Abbott, just going to a point about what you said, I didn't really think about the good cause when I was making it, there was no part of me, in spite of how many people say it. That was like, I wanna make a show that s shines a light on teachers. Right. I really did not give a fuck. I it wasn't, it wasn't until the night that it premiered and we premiered it in front of a group of teachers on a, on a Walt Disney line. I was like, holy shit, this is about teachers. What if these teachers don't, I didn't even think about that. To me it was just a ripe environment for a television show. Yes. For a workplace comedy. Well, your mom Yes.


Teacher for many years. Yep. I've read in interviews you said you, you went there and you're visiting your mom at her Elementary school and you looked around and you said, oh, this is a show. Now, as I said before, there are people that think they're being altruistic. Like, I need to do a show that's about this important cause that we all need to think about and think, well, no good art comes from the inspiration first. Yeah. And you had the inspiration out of you love comedy. You wanted to make a show. You saw this place that would make a great show. Yeah. And And, it is a great show. And, it wouldn't work if you had gone at it the other way. I don't think so either. No. And I think it's the same side of the coin of like the people who made succession.


Someone looked at that world and saw a show and they made a great show. And it's the, it was the same approach to Abbott. Now that show isn't like altruistic in nature or Right. Like shining a light on anything. but I still think most artists and television writers should do exactly what you said. Like just you see a good world make a good show if whatever happens, happens after that. Yeah. Yeah. And you can't really con control that part of it. I would've never expected all that came from this, everything that teachers gained from it. Yeah. I just did not a beautiful blessing on the side of just showcasing a world. Because the other thing is to me, that that world doesn't look bad. That's the world that I'm from.


It's so, it was so funny when the show came out and they're like, these underrepresented, these, these poor, poor, poor children are Finally, I was like, they just regular ass kids, y'all. They not, they not that poor. They Yeah. Regular Amount of American poor. It was like, this is my God. These people are so decrepit and it's beautiful. They have the spotlight. I was like, They're just kidding. You're talking about my my mom. My mom and and you. You and me. Yeah. Oh my God. That you would shine a light on this horrible world. These are people, they're So Sad. It's not the walking dead.


Literally. It's funny. And, and that's the stuff you can't do anything about. Right. Some people will interpret the art that way and, and you just, you just kind of live with it. I guess. You know what's fun too is there's so much great comedy moments that come out of we don't have sci, we don't have enough scissors. We need to figure out a way to get scissors. And it's not coming from a place of teaching a lesson. It's coming from, this is great. This is a good comedic moment. Yeah. And then you can feel whatever you're going to feel. Yeah. After that, which is, there is something deeply screwed up Absolutely.


About the priorities in our country. These are our schools. And so something is tragically fucked up, but it's coming on the heels of finding all of this beautiful human comedy. Yes. Character comedy. Totally. You know, not sitcom jokes. Yeah. But character comedy. Have you ever watched King of Queens? Yeah. So there's an episode of that show where the, they're on strike from IPS where they work, which is UPS, the main character Doug and his friends. And ultimately, I imagine when they went in the room, they were just like, what's Doug gonna do without work in author's, author's home. His father-in-Law.


Yep. Like, how is Arthur gonna get on Doug's nerves in this way? And I. I'm sure that's like what was in the room and on the board. But when I watched it as a young girl, it's how I learned about like strikes and Yeah. The effectiveness of strikes and I know. I just know they weren't in that room. Like, let's teach America a lesson. The man to do it is Kevin James. It was just, But, But I wound up, like it was my first experience watching something about the, the need for a strike every now and then. Yeah. And it. So I, I like to approach comedy in that way of just the most basic comedic situations.


The most basic sitcom. 1, 2, 3. And, and then because of our world though, because of being in a public school, we're not afraid to go to those places where you might learn a lesson. Yeah. And it and honestly just comes out organically because we have really strong characters. And when you have characters that are strong with real opinions and real thoughts and and backgrounds, you like naturally get to this place of, oh shit, we'll write ourselves into a lesson. Like, oh fuck I damn. Okay. Yeah. Barbara just dropped some knowledge that we didn't plan on her dropping, but Yeah. You know, whatever. Anyway, You know, I really Hate This is No, no. I I. do you, what do you hate? What do you hate? Was Like talking, talking, talking. Is it Him? Do we need to get rid of Pam?


No, he Am I the problem? No, I'm gonna be quiet. So we should get rid Of him. Let's us kids hang out. Let's phase me out now. I'm only 51. 51. Oh God. What's it like? You're 51. You look great. Hey, you all look, Hey, hey, hey, hey. You did not say that to me. I did say that. No, No you didn't. That's where she was headed. That's why I was headed there. You were headed that way. I was headed. You Cut it up is bullshit. You went right. So you look great. You were doing a lot of, how long has he got? I can see it in your eyes. You, you know what's, which is great. I always think great comedy performers need to have, and I'm saying this because I've never liked my eyes.


I think they're, I just don't like my eyes. You have the greatest, I mean, your eyes are honey, You really get me, dog. What's That? You really get me? But, But it's No, no. but I, what I'm saying is, yeah. You have and all my favorite comics through history have these eyes. Yeah. That can do all the work for them. You have these beautiful thank you eyes. But they're also great. They're so, I I know. I keep doing, I don't know why we know what eyes are I'm showing. Are they, I'm being, you know what? I'm funny. I'm being aspirational. Yeah. It's Like, it's not racist, but I'm like, it's, it's like, is it offensive? I'm just trying to save you.


I'm like, I don't know how this is gonna be internally. Don don't think this is racist. No, It's not. It's not. It's not. This is just me trying to have normal eyes. It's just weird. Weird. It's just weird. It's weird. It's weird. It's just a weird thing To do. It's, You know, love. I tell you though, Let's say this one thing, Colonel O'Brien. Not racist, but weird. Yeah. Yes. Yes. That's, I think that's always been clear. Yeah. I think that's always been the case. Thank you. Thank you though. I really appreciate that. And But you must know. I mean, it's, it's, you have a very beautiful face that's also very expressive. No, I'm serious. but I fucking love it here. But don't you, I mean, jump in. No, I, I definitely agree. I mean, but also you're, you're being a little hard on yourself. 'cause your eyes, you use your eyes a lot throughout comedy.


I Think it's just I do like beaty like Yeah. Shifty side to side stuff. But you affect that chin. You have nice eyes. You have very Nice eyes. Yeah. Your Eyes. I've always loved you. Yeah. No, your eyes are gorgeous. And then also you can, I can't do the little, the things you just did with your face. Like you can do a impression of what's the old man, the one who always like, hits your car if you're in his parking space? Oh yeah. Whatever. What's his name? What's his, there's so much more to him than that. But that's the only story I can think of right now. Is it Fictional Carol? No, He's a real man. Guys. He gets people, he smashes people's cars if you Oh, Come on guys. He's the old man and he's always like, he's always angry. He's in a bunch of westerns. He just put out a western. It wasn't Clint Eastwood.


Clint Eastwood. Oh, okay. Yeah. Oh, you can do like a Clint. I love That. Your generation, I love that your generation refers to Clint Eastwood as who's the angry old man? She's not wrong. I just, you're not wrong. You're not wrong. I Just forgot all the rest of them real quick. I'm, I love that. I'm gonna, that is one of my favorite moments on the podcast. Who's that? Who's that old man that gets mad if you park in his spot? I'm with the WB lot and is my constant fear that Amir or someone else will park in his spot. So I That's what, what is my main oh, you know, relationship To him. Oh, this is so funny. Yeah. 'cause we worked on the WB lot. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. You did. Yeah. And, and one of my writers, Dion Cole, yeah.


Love Dion Cole. Dion Cole. We hired him as a writer and then he became a performer on the show. And, and he just, I adore him. He, we talked to him recently and we were all remembering that he just didn't care. He would park anywhere he wanted on the lot. And he drove a white Bentley. He drove a white Bentley. Dion. Yeah, Dion. When he was a writer on my show. And I'm driving like a Nissan Cresta. And he was a writer and he would roll in, in a, in a Bentley That is so Chicago I know. Oh. Oh my God. That is So Funny. It's so funny. Wow. So he would roll in and people were like, my god, Conan got a Bentley And. I'm like, I don't have a Bentley And.


it was, it was Bruce parking. I certainly don't have a white Bruce Willis. He parked in Bruce Willis' parked In Bruce Willis'. He parked in Bruce Will and he parked and you know what they kept telling him, you are banned from the lot. And he's like, and then he'd come in the next day and park in a different space. And I loved that. Yeah. I thought that was fantastic. That's hilarious. So what I'm saying is you can do what you want. No one's gonna get Mad Park in any spot you want. That's Wait, that wasn't the focus of this. Wait. The focus was, you can do a Clint Eastwood impression. I can't. And also, Oh, because I'm old. Well, because your No 'cause of your eyes. Because you can do that. I can't do that. I can't just, but also, I think people should have either big eyes or a big head. And. I. Think when you don't have either, I don't really trust you.


Comedically. Yep. I mean that. I Love that. That's True. And you have the big head And. I am the biggest head. This is what you have to have one or the other. I'm serious. I I feel really strongly about that. Ask my friends. I don't like when, like what do you, what's your deal? Why are you here? Especially If you, why are you in comedy without, why are you in comedy? I'm opening my eyes wider. Just to get Your acceptance right now. Yeah. You Have a good head. You Gotta good head. He's got a small head. Yeah. Your Head's Kind of small. You could fit six of your head in my head. Oh no. Yeah. Well that's no comment. My head size, that's my head is container for several of your heads. Yeah. Yeah. You're the Russian nesting doll in heads.


Some trips are better in an Airbnb. It's just true. Like the trip you want to take with extended family where you wanna stay close but not all be sharing one bathroom. That's key for me. Okay. That's why Airbnb is the choice I often wanna make. Or or for example, the couple's getaway where you'd rather have your own pool than share one with a bunch of strangers. Ugh. Oh. When I'm in a pool with strangers, I start shrieking. Okay. That's weird. Or that last minute. Local getaway when you just really need to get outta the city for the weekend, but don't wanna deal with the airport. You know, I have to say I've used Airbnb a couple times. And, it always makes me feel like I'm at home even when I'm away. Do you have that I do too? I mean I have, you know, I have two small kids who are loud. And so when I'm in a hotel, I feel a little uncomfortable. Well, you're allowed too. Oh yes. Okay. Yeah. We're all loud. And then in a Airbnb, I just feel much more Comfortable traveling. You're not a self-conscious. No. Yeah. And also you're staying in someone's home. Yeah. It's got that vibe of comfort, relaxation, normalcy instead of some stuffy hotel with a, yeah. I don't wanna mint on my pillow. Hey bla. You use Airbnb, don't you? I do I love it. And And I will say it. It there's staying in in someone's place really does add a lot. I'm a huge Stephen King fan. And the last Airbnb I stayed in had this book from a Buick eight, which is one of the few Stephen King books I haven't read. So I actually started reading it in the Airbnb. Awesome nerd. And you know what I do? Sometimes when I'm at anb, I often travel with a picture of myself in frame. Oh boy. And I. Take it out. And I. Put it up. And. it feels like home. I travel with my own framed headshot. Do you Leave it there for as a gift? No, That's mine. Those things are precious. So if you're booking a trip soon, my number one tip is to check out Airbnb first to find the perfect place to stay. Because your accommodation really does make all the difference.


There's nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you. Check this out. That's nice. Whether you're going on a weekend getaway outta the mountains, or let's say you're on a dream vacation, or in my case, a work trip to Thailand. It's just fantastic. Let me explain. It starts the moment you take off with free in-flight wifi. So you can stream your favorite show on the go. I mean, that's incredible. That is actually pretty sweet. I love that. I mean, that's insane. I'm always there with my credit card. You know, I can't figure it out. I lose the credit card. Yeah. The phone is stolen. Someone punches me. You start crying. I cry a lot when you land T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands and an upgrade to Hilton Honors Silver Plus you're covered with five gigabytes. Five gigabytes. That's more than four of high speeded data in over 215 countries and destinations with the go 5G plus or next plans. These are just a few of the perks that feel like big wins when you travel with T-Mobile And it. It's nice to stay connected to your family. I travel a lot, I do these travel shows. And if I'm filming another country I know I can get to my family right away. Yeah. They usually don't wanna speak to me. But they have to. They screen Your calls a lot, Don't they? I suspect them of screening. Yes. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel today. Qualifying plan required wifi. Were available on select US Airlines registration and Hilton Honors membership required for Hilton Honors Silver terms and conditions apply.


Hey, NFL fans. You can start the season with a big return on FanDuel America's number one sports book. So when you get a hunch in the middle of the game, you can check out the latest stats view, live, play by play, and so much more on the same page where you placed your bets. You'll get started with $200 in bonus bets guaranteed. When you place your first $5 bet. Just makes things more fun. It does. Hey bla, you're you're on FanDuel all the time, huh? You know it. I'm a Detroit Lions guy all the way. Well, You don't have to tell us specifically who you're rooting for. I'm Just saying the silver. The silver and blue of their uniforms. I love it. And. I. Love that team. That's Why you wrote for Teams is the colors of their uniforms. It's Not 'cause you're from Michigan. Well I'm, I'm from Michigan, which is why I root for the Alliance. but I'm just saying they're also looking. Oh, I Thought you just randomly chose the best uniform But. anyway. Isn't it true that if you've got a bet on FanDuel, it kind of has the excitement. It Does. It adds stakes. It adds excitement, drama, all of it. It's great. Yeah. Incredible. Yeah. That's fanduel.com/ Conan. Never wastes a hunch. And make every moment more with FanDuel. An official sports book partner of the NFL 21 Plus and present in Virginia. First online Real Money Wager only $5 First deposit required bonus issued as non withdraw bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fan dual.com. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


You know what I can relate to about, which is You are one of five. I'm one of six. Yes. And so I come from a big family. Yeah. And we were, I've talked about this a lot, but we were like shoulder to shoulder. My, we were all born as clo as close together as is biologically possible. And I swear to God, that formed who I am. What part are you in the I am, I'm, I share the middle with my sister Kate. What do the rest of them do? Murderers. Murderers. Some lawyers and teachers there. No, actually lawyers, teachers, and then some. Then there's like one or two murderers. That's so interesting. Yeah. I've found that it's usually the youngest who winds up in entertainment or comedy.


Were you The Youngest? I'm the youngest. And what's my other concrete proof right now? Some friends You don't know Nick Kroll. Yeah. I know Nick Crow. He's the youngest. Yeah. And we've talked a lot about that because he's the youngest of like a bigger Yep. Bigger family. But yeah, I think being a part of a big family, 100% for, for me, a lot of the comedy trickle down from my parents'. POV, which was old black and white shows old. And then, you know, not, not just black and white, but whatever. Brady brunch, shit like that. Yeah. And then my sisters who were very Conan friends, Martin live in color. Yeah. So they were wide spectrum.


And then my brother under them, well then my oldest brother who was in prison most of my life, but when he would write me, he'd write me, you need to watch Kings of Comedy. Like he would tell me what to watch. And then I had my brother closest to me, which who was more of the stupid, like Ace Ventura, all of that kind of stuff. Right, right. All of it just funneled into me. But You know what's interesting? I, my biggest thing And I think it's the same thing with musicians is they say a a good musician should have big ears. Meaning they're not snobs. They Yeah. They love classical music, but they also love r and b. But they'll also listen to rap, but they'll also listen to show tunes. They find there's good in everything. Absolutely. And I always felt that I got exposed to everything you're talking about.


But also Saturday mornings they would show Bugs Bunny cartoons, Warner Brothers cartoons. Which that's where I, I swear to God I learned my timing. Totally. Because the timing is impeccable. Yep. And they were all made in the 1940s and fifties and they're, you know, beautifully. Beautifully. And they were made for adults. They weren't made for kids. Yeah. Yeah. The timing on a Roadrunner cartoon is perfect. Yeah. Do And you learn about pauses. Yep. And all that stuff. Do you guys ever revisit anything and, and you like see Oh shit, that's where I got my timing from. Or where I got my, I don't know. Like, but that happens to me a lot now. Watching old cartoons.


Old, old shows. Do you He just passed away. But Bob Newhart. Yes. And so I revisited Newhart 'cause I used to watch that. The one where he had the Yeah. Hu Airbnb. Oh my God. The B Yeah. And like, it's crazy how much Daryl and Daryl and Darryl has a lot to do. You know how that's in a brain fold of mine. And I was like, oh, this is so, this was so formative for me. Yeah. And I didn't even know it. There's something Oh, the Will Ferrell Jeopardy sketch. Yes. Starting out live The, there's like a specific one where I was like, damn, my whole cadence is kind of like, But you know, ripped From that.


But it's not, it's, it's not. Yeah. It's, it's not, you know, it, it's impossible. There's no such thing. There's not one, I'm gonna use the word artist 'cause I don't, 'cause I'm just gonna say the word artist. You can say it, but there's not one artist in history who's come from a vacuum. There's no such thing. Even feral and newhart, they did the same thing. No, absolutely. And it's like, and and it's interesting. I was had the honor of being friendly with Bob Newhart and he was so wonderful to me. I could never understand how I could be in the same room with him. You know, he'd come to my house and I'd think That's Bob Newhart over there. It's like, yeah, you invited him to your house. I Know. It's crazy. And I'm saying that out loud and he can hear me. It's weird. It's crazy.


But, but watching him and realizing it's the oldest, it's the reactions. The reactions are the beautiful thing. And. It's, and, and so all of there you are growing up in this family where nobody's in show business. Yeah. All this stuff is funneling into you. When do you start to think to yourself, wait a minute, maybe I could do this. It, I needed a little bit of freedom. And I just was talking about this with a friend recently. It felt like coming out saying I wanted to go into comedy. Nice. It was, I felt like I was hiding this really, really dirty secret And I. Didn't want to acknowledge it. Like I didn't, even when I was 10 and watching Conan, I was like, it was more than just being entertained.


It was like, this is fulfilling me in a way that is deeper than what my sisters understand. And that is really unique. Or when you're watching the same movies as other kids, but you're honed in on the specific comedy part. Like everybody else was watching some of the cartoons and stuff. Like don don't, I remember Hercules, I didn't get that movie, but there was one funny part to me that I was like the, like this the funny parts though, right guys? Yeah. I'm like, I'm no Hercules. Really cool. Listen to those ladies sing. I was like, You know, so, and then in college, 'cause I went to art school, which let me let my freak flag fly a little bit.


That's when I really got into it. And just, there was a, also just a comedy renaissance while I was in high school. It was when all the Tal films were coming out. Yep. And you know, like Inc. Anchorman had come out at that time. And that was a big deal to me. And I needed to introduce it to the rest of the school. So I became like the DVD hustler that was like, here's what you guys need to watch. Like, can I please have movie Friday first Viewing is free. I kind of also missed that time of DVDs because it was like a special currency. Like giving my DVDs to my friends and being specific about, you need to watch Anchorman, you need to watch Napoleon Dynamite. I got Juno for you. I got this for you.


Right. And so then I understood that it was a taste thing. And a, and a an appreciation. You're like A sommelier like saying Yes. IIII think you're gonna like this Pinot Noir. It's from Piedmont Region. I, I I got you taken care of. Literally. Yeah. And. it was like a curation, which led to a deeper appreciation because then I started looking up where did all, where are all these people coming from? If I'm like them, how did they all get together and get to be funny together? Because that's what I was lacking. I made my classmates laugh. but I was like, I'm not a clown. So I don't wanna make you guys laugh in that way. Huh? Like, where, where do I go to like Yeah.


Hone in on what I feel, which is a very deep artistic connection to this genre. And so once I found out about Second City, that's when it was really a rap. I had a boyfriend in Chicago at the time. And I was like, I'm gonna come and stay with you. I'm gonna sneak and go to this place called the Second City. And he was Like, He's like, are you drugs Strip club? I was like, it's a comedy. Don't tell, Tell anyone. Yeah. And he's like, okay, can we like, have sex when you get here? I was like, sure. but I need to seriously, he was like, that was his main goal was like what I know priorities. Yeah. Right. But I didn't tell my parents. I, I snuck on a plane.


Oh my God. They still don't know how many times I actually snuck to Chicago. They just knew I did it once. So you were not, 'cause this is the interesting thing, your mom, 'cause we've established Elementary school teacher, Your dad. Very Religious. Yeah. Very religious. Your dad. Yeah. What does your dad do? Oh, he Managed parking lots. Okay. So this is, you're keeping this a secret. Yeah. At what point do you have to say to them, I got some news for you. I like never did. They still don't know. They're not allowed to have a television. They can't watch any award shows because you keep winning awards. Abbott was the first time my mom got it. I sent her the pilot to watch and she was like, oh, Oh, So you're gonna do this?


Huh? And I was like, yeah, I am. I'm gonna do this. I'm not giving up. I'm not, I'm not coming back to Philly. 'cause I'd done a couple of things, but she doesn't watch TV like that. So she didn't see, like I did Black Lady Sketch on HBOI had done a couple of TV show like, like New Girl and stuff like that. Yeah. But she wasn't tapped in into her. It was still okay, she's out there having fun, she's gonna come back here and, you know, become a teacher. Was her dream And I? Then she saw Abbott and was like, oh, I get it. Yeah. Hands off, do your thing. So that was kind of, so it was 27. Took me a long time to, to kind of actually tell them that I was gonna, I never even told them.


I was just like, look at this. It's a major network signal. Look At the thing. It's not that Hard. You just write and create and star in a show. And, it wins. It wins every award. It can possibly win. That's what happens To everybody. Which, what the importance of like network TV to me, because I was doing everything else in the shadows. Like I had done, I had written for an adult swim show voiced on an adult. Like that didn't mean anything to my mom and dad. What About all the stuff you did social media all day, didn't, didn't with them, Didn't mean anything. Yeah. Didn't mean anything. Because that's, I mean that was Yeah. Very industrious and very successful for you. You were able to, which is, you know, a tool that didn't use to exist. Right. And, I will have younger people come up to me.


When I say younger, I mean late fifties. No, no. Hey you Weber Snapper. You shouldn't you, you shouldn't be wearing long pants yet. Sorry. My hips hurt. So, no, when, when younger people come up to me and they say, well how do I break in? How do I break in? I say, there's something that you have Yeah. That didn't exist in my day called the internet. Yeah. Called TikTok. I mean there's all these ways Yeah. Called YouTube. If this is your passion and your drive Right. You can start making it. And yes, it's a vast ocean. But I've always maintained that if there is a, you know, if there's, if there's an orchestra, if there's a 900 piece orchestra playing badly, but one person totally is playing the triangle totally, perfectly.


Eventually people are gonna go, Hey, that triangle. Exactly. You still gotta be tight. Yeah. You can't. Which I think people forgot with the internet, I think back in the day, there were less stages. I call them to, you know, show yourself one. But there was a little bit of quality control on that. 'cause you had to be fucking tight to get on a stage. And like, it makes me miss like showtime at the Apollo. Yeah. Because you could get up there, but if you weren't tight, you were getting booed off stage. You were, Sandman was coming out and getting out. Getting off. How are you humiliating? Could you imagine? Yeah. First of all, yes. I can imagine. You can't be awake. We watched it. We watched it. But like Sand is coming a room full of black people.


Like Yeah. I get off the stage. It's so crazy and traumatizing. I just, I think back to it. I'm like, that's so wild. But we maybe could use a little bit of that. I'm like, I think we might need to bring Showtime at the Apollo, but we need a good boo every now and then. Yeah. Good punches in the face. I'm getting off topic. But, it connects because I think enough people aren't being punched in the face. 'cause when you used to get punched in the face, you have to walk around with a black eye. Yep. And there was shame in that and humility. But then the black eye would heal and then you'd be okay. And you knew to not do the thing that got you a black eye. Right. Ever again. Right. And. I just feel like there's not enough blue in or black guys.


There's, there's a lot out there. It's a lot. There's a lot of content. Yeah. There was a while there just like two or three years ago during the streaming wars where everything was getting green lit. Yeah. And, I would, I've had this experience of driving around La And I just kept seeing billboards And. it was like, it's shows that I'd never heard of ever And it. And then a quote from someone I'd never heard of. Like, if you're not watching Mr. Bibly Boo, then you're not watching television. You're not watching shit. Said Yeah. Then, then fuck you. Then fuck you says Dirk milroy from wbtv.com and you're like, wait, wait.


You know, but you'd see hundreds of those. Yeah. And Like I, it makes me long for the nineties. 'cause it felt like it didn't matter who you are. You everyone had like the same cultural, Everybody knew friends. Everybody knew friends. Everybody knew Conan. Everybody knew Martin. Right. Everybody knew in living color. Everyone knew SNL. Yep. Everyone knew the president. Everyone knew. Like, just last night I was watching TV with my husband. And I had to tell him. Like who? He didn't know who Laura Loomer was. Yeah. He didn't know who he doesn't. He's like, it's too many fucking people. Yeah. I know. It's too many people. It's too many different ways to be out of the loop. And so I, I have this experience where I'll, when I get up in the morning, I, you know, first thing I do is I hit my news feed or whatever.


And. It's of course, it, I always want to know what's going on in the culture show business. And it's just comical. 'cause it'll be like, you know, Rachel Crone tells Dr. Sizzler, you know, to get lost. Yeah. You know where to get lost. Get lost. I didn't know. I love It does look Like that's, I didn't where I was dying. This is real. I admit I didn't know where I was going. No, but like get lost. But like, people are having beef And, I don't know what their beef is or who they are or who they are. And it. So it's things like, or what beef is. Yeah. Or what beef is And. I want you to know that's not 'cause you're 61, that is happening to everyone.


Right. Like 21 year olds who who run the world are don't know who other 21 year olds are. Yeah. There's just too many. We're all, that's the word I the term I hear a lot is we're all siloed. Yes. That everybody's Yes. Here's what I like and because, and it's this term that I think perfectly identifies what's happening is that humans by nature do not want to be challenged. Like most organisms, we don't wanna be challenged. We want to be comfortable. So what do we do? We create, now we can create an ecosystem where, okay, I like Abbott Elementary. I also really like this sketch show. I like this. I like this. I like that. I like that.


I kind of, I, I don't, here are my political views. And I get upset when I hear this other person ranting. So I'm gonna create this world where that's all I hear about Totally. Is the stuff that I like. And, I am gravity free. I'm constantly nourished. I, and I'm not challenged. And I think that that has become a problem. I think so too. I don't know if it's bad or good But. it is where we are right now. And I've felt myself veer into it because it all is so much input that I'm like, let me just build my own little island. Yeah. but I then think as in as a writer and as an artist and a creator, that's not a healthy, that's not healthy.


Like I have to take input from the rest of the world in order to make something and But it is, it's rough out there. Yeah. I'm not gonna lie. Like I'm one, I I was on the website formally known as Twitter, but I don't have an account anymore. So I was just on it as like a blank user. And the shit I see it is why if you do not curate your own algorithm, the shit you are seeing on there is in insane. And I'm just like, what the fuck? The thing that happened recently with the Trump talking about people eating cats and dogs, that had been a, a right wing theory for like two weeks at that point.


Yeah. And so when it came out on the debate and everyone was like, what the fuck is he talking about? I'm a great, what the fuck is he talking about person? But he actually was talking about some shit that has been in zeitgeist Fors. It's a Yes. it had been out there. Yeah. It turns out it's not true. Oh, I forgot to say that part. I'm Sorry. Sona Sona says that she but Trump. But Trump said it. So, so I was, was was Protecting my dog. I was really scared. Sona said what as she was biting into a cat. What? I get it because my parents are immigrants. Yes. And, I think that's, I think it's really funny According to Trump. Yes. Yes. But yeah. No, but that, that was an example of it where I was like, guys, this, he's not, he is crazy, but he's not being crazy right now.


This was, he didn't just say that. Like, this has been going on for two weeks. Well, he's in his silo. Exactly. He's in his silo. He's in his Trump in his silo. Unfortunately, it's a nuclear silo. but I mean we all have to be careful because it can happen again. I always try to find the commonality. Yeah. And there are people that can be in the, in the Harris silo where totally, oh my God. You know, they, they, they can watch her do spectacularly well in a debate and say, well the, the election's over, she's gonna win. You're like, no, no, no. See the whole thing. You gotta see the whole, you've gotta see the whole thing. Yeah. And you've gotta, and unfortunately being uncomfortable Yeah. Is a part of being creative.


Yeah. But it's also part of being human. Yeah. We have to be uncomfortable. Yeah. And so many negative things in our society come from. I don't wanna feel uncomfortable. So yeah. I'm gonna self-medicate. I'm gonna have this wine. I'm gonna take these pills. Jesus. These are things I do. I know. I was about to say two outta three for me, but, but I leave room. I leave. I leave room. I've been leaving a lot of room to feel lately. Yeah. You have to feel things really important. I've been drinking less 'cause I want to like leave room. Yeah. To feel And, I. Think. Especially when you enter in a new era of your life, which I kind of feel like I'm in. I gotta like feel it. I have to. Actually, Let's talk about that for a second because I'm Oh, let's No, no, no, no, no, no. I wanna ask you very specific question, which you for a, a good part of your very young life, were in the, in the experience of aspiring, I'm gonna try this.


I'm gonna, I'm gonna do this, I'm gonna do that. I'm gonna make this. You're pushing, you're pushing, you're trying. You're pushing. Now you are the boss. Now what's that like? That's Just easy. Conan. All, right. Easy, easy. You like it, it comes naturally. I've been deal, I've been just dealing with that a lot recently because Abbott is a toddler now is the way I look at it where it's like, you know, it's four years old and it's, the baby's okay. You know, it knows how to walk, knows how to make its own food, still have to help it sometimes But it knows where things are. Can't use a sharp knife, but I can come cut the sandwich for it. That's really how I look at habit.


Fully functioning toddler. And now I'm like, I've, it's just funny you ask that because I very recently have been, mind you, I went through the, we, we've gone through the pandemic, the strikes. Like I just had, there was a couple of things that happened that I wasn't keeping up with where I was. And then Abbott fortunately had tremendous success after its first season. And so while we were filming our season two, we were, you know, the award shows and blah, blah, blah. But Abbott is like, work for me. I'm there. I'm only not there now because we're on hiatus and for a week, which is something we built in so that I can breathe. but I am And.


I'm in that writer's room that's, it's not just like, it's, it is my baby and I'll never make anything like it again. 'cause nothing can ever be like this much. Right. My baby again. But so then I, I just started dealing with like, when I've talked to friends of mine who are moms and their kids are toddlers just like, oh shit, the infant's grown. You look at a mirror, what the hell happened to me? What the fuck? Who, what the fuck? Because I am now in charge of a lot of people that I love and love working with. But to go from broke artists before Abbott to very much not that is like, what, what happened? So yeah, I cut my hair off 'cause I was like, I gotta like, I gotta feel like myself again.


I have to find a world for the version of me to exist from before Abbott and with who I am now and try to blend them together so that I can hopefully make something, make something new after Abbott. But so I'm just trying to find, and that's what I meant about entering a new era, is like, I gotta feel everything out so I can figure out which parts of me to bring back and which one I think you're find are just gone. You're, This is me taking a a, an educated guess. but I, I think you're going to find that You don't have to go off and think of something in whole cloth. Out of, out of a complete nothingness in a vacuum. You've started something. So something's happening now and you've put yourself out there.


The pot is starting to come to a, a boil other things. Now you're gonna find, you run into things. Do you know what I Mean? Yeah. I wanna be open so that the next, the, the, the, the energy can so that the things can come, it's Gonna happen. Yeah. I mean, it's happening. I feel good. I'm not like I, I'm, I feel good. No, you don't. Yes, I do. I think you're very, I think you're in a terrible place. I think you're very depressed. And this is an intervention. This is an intervention. You know what, we didn't, we're not even, this isn't even going out on the air. This is, when You ask me that question just now, I was like, did my therapist in you? Like, does she Some No, no.


Come on in. I know. Come in haven. Haven't talked to her ins here. She's gonna be like, this is how I have to get you trap. You God Damnit. And you're like, yeah, you're $250 an hour. So that's not happening. Yeah. No, I, I think that's true. And. I. Just, I want, I like that. I like that you're doing this. This has been a very fulfilling conversation for me. So that's good that you like, are doing this kind. Well, I'll tell Kind of thing, tell you this, one of the things that I, I mentioned before we even went on the air is what I love now is the opportunity. You know, my wife asked me today, what, what are you up to? Like, what, you know, you do something today. And I said, yeah, I'm headed in. And she said, who are you gonna do so angry? Will you just do one thing?


That's my wife. No. She said, what's up today? And I said, I'm going in. And she said, who are you talking to? And. I said that I was talking to you. And she was like, oh my God. Oh my God. And, and it's, I'm excited to come to work. I'm excited to sit down Yeah. And talk to you. I'm a fan. You're doing something incredibly. You're doing first and foremost, you're doing really good work. Thank you. But you're also doing something that makes me feel better. Oh. About where we are, what young people are making. It gets me thinking differently. It gets me thinking about, and I know this is something that you're very active in. Okay. I give money to a bunch of things.


I went to public schools. Let's get on that. Yeah. Oh, I love that. I'm saying that, but I'm not gonna really do it. There's This sports car, they No. Yeah. It's, guess what it's made of? Rainforest Wood. It's $800,000. but I must have it, it's made of all public schools. Yeah. They take books and resources from public schools and they make this car that runs on rainforest leads. You can do both. You can have that car and throw a quick little Yeah. This is the other thing. People are like, I gotta donate all the money to this school. You know, these schools could use a quick little $200. They are not Yeah. Asking for a lot.


That's how down bad they are. So anyone listening, you might think like, that little $15 doesn't make a difference. But it does. Like, it's, it goes such a long way for them. That's What I love. That's comes up in the show is so much of your show is about, or there's so much great comedy that comes outta something that's very real. It's sad, but it's also what I love is the character on your show. The older teacher, Barbara. Yeah. Barbara. She, she's such, what a great character because you are always saying, we need to fix everything. And she's saying, if we have to do without these children, we'll still, she's, she's got this great perspective, which is we will make this work. but I, watch it. And, I think, oh, they need, like I said, they need scissors.


They need a rug for the floor. They need, you know, they need a chair over in the corner. There's so much that they, that, that I think people think, well, this problem is beyond us. But if every single person said, Hey, wait a minute, I can do this. Sona I know you're very tight with money, but Oh, but you okay. You So Whatcha talking about? Yeah. Sona, will you pledge right now? Yeah, to Sure. I'll give your your salary for the next year. Oh. Oh, My salary? Yeah, your Salary. No, I gotta get that car. No, no. That car, it takes existing schools and crushes them down. Connie, you donates on it. Get you the car. That's how Okay, Sorry.


I'm sorry. Whatcha talking about? Well, what's funny is you're talking about Barbara and we were just talking about comedy and everything, but Barbara and Janine are very much built for me. Yeah. I talked to you about 30 rock off of Liz Lemon and Jack Donnay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And people don't make that connection, which is great. I don't like need them to, but that is the, was the blueprint for me for them because Jack Donnay is often right. I mean, it it, you know, it was at a time where you could get away with like a deeply Republican character like that And, it wasn't like violent or, but, and then He's so likable. He Was so likable. I mean, what a good job at that role. And then Liz was right too. but I love when two characters are right.


Yeah. It is my favorite thing in the world. I love it. It's the best. You're a huge 30 rock fan. Huge, huge 30 Rock fan. You brought it up when we were at, when you I did, when I, when I saw you, I did in the green Room. We call it the Green. It's not Green But. anyway, when, when I saw you in the, the talent lounge, something Yes. It's very nice here by the way. Very Nice. Yeah. It's an old American Airlines lounge that we purchased. The first thing you did was ask me a 30 rock trivia question. Oh Yeah. I wanted to know what your favorite 30 rock joke about you was. I have to say, it's funny 'cause you said it, and I'm gonna get this wrong and 30 Rock fans can correct me, but there was an episode once I was only on the show twice.


I know. I think That's Hilarious. Yeah. I was only on the show Once about you so much And, and and I'm and, and because I I'm her old boyfriend. I'm Liz's Love it. Former boyfriend. And they had me Actually green screen by the way. Yeah. And then I, and then they Green screened me on the last one. Yeah, well she came, Tina came out, she was in LA and we Green screened it, which was sort of part of the meta joke. But, and of course it was all about, I still haven't lost my virginity at the time, you know, at 50 or whatever it was. But one, I think my favorite joke might be And. it might have been Tim Conway who did it. Yes. But someone runs into Tim Conway and he, is it mine? It's my favorite joke. Wait, go ahead you. It's mine too. We'll say it. Do you know it? Wait, do we know it? Oh yeah. What I've heard it is, Is I think we're All thinking of the same thing.


I did my show in 30 Rock for 16 years. And I would always walk around And I always had a guitar on. Doesn't he say something like, I thought he said thought said you something about you being a woman, like a woman named Conan who is Conan and why She so sad. Yes. Yes. Well, you you gave the joke away as you said it. I didn't know what the, I thought you were on a different track. A joke About a woman. No, I, I think he goes, I ran into a very tall lesbian in Yeah. Who is Conan in? Who is Conan? And Why is she so sad? It's just a wonderful, it's a perfect fucking joke from top. It's a perfect joke. Bottom And I wanna say. I have to say that because I love that joke so much. It got me saying, people would say to me, I, I started doing bits.


Oh, that's for that. I started doing bits where people would say, oh, and maybe they'll see you and they'll go like, yeah, no wonder how, you know, who was that? Who was that old Dutch lady? Or whatever. And people would laugh really hard. And I think, well, I'm just using the 30 Rock joke. Yeah. But I'm doing it to myself before someone else can do it to me again. I Can do it to you. Yeah. Like me. But no, it's, it's a weird, it's, it's not a deep cut, but it's one of those ones you really have had to have had issues in your life and watched those episodes over and over and over and over again. Yeah. And, it just really sticks out. And, it starts to stick out. How much they talk about you on that show And. It's hilarious. It's so, so funny. Funny. So funny too because my son, who's now 18, but he really got into comedy and really started going down and binge watching all this, all these great shows and we would do it together.


And then he really started to get into 30 Rock. And so I started rewatching and a bunch of them were ones I hadn't seen 'cause I was busy going through my own drama. Yeah. So I'm watching all of this play out, all these Conan jokes come up on 30 Rock. And my, my son's really laughing at my expense. And. I'm like kind of sitting there like, don don't know how I feel about this. It's cool. Right. But man, But. anyway, it was, it was a nice way to, so then I reached out to Tina who I don't talk to all the time, but I do know how to reach out to her. And. I just reached out to her and said, Tina, I have now rewatched all of three Rock with my son. And good god, the writing is so tight on that, on that show And, it really holds up.


It's crazy. And so it was, it was nice to be able to, yeah. You know when you have that good feeling about someone and then you realize, wait, I can actually tell. And that is how I want to end because Aw, having you here today and being able to tell you that what you're doing is really comedically top-notch but also beautiful and that it's just cool to get to sit with you and talk to you. This was like an honor. So thank you. This was an honor for me too. A little 10-year-old Quinta's flipping her shit right now. This is pretty crazy. But Also if she's 10, that means I'm only 45. So. Exactly.


You Did, you did it. I did. Finally. Hey Quinta, congratulations on everything and always give a holler if we can be of help in any way. I don't even know what that would be. I know. Oh yes. I know. We can do, first of all, we can I know. I can be of help. You can donate. I can donate once I Oh that's Nice. I Get the car first. Okay, well I'm gonna get two cars 'cause I don wanna keep one at my, you could Buy Dion's car used And here's the thing, you can park it anywhere. That is so funny. Yeah. A white Bentley as a writer is crazy. Yep. Oh and he totally, he sat right in the chair. You're in and completely fe fessed up to it and was laughing. Yeah. Yeah. Was it leased? I believe it had To be leased. Sorry, this is not Let's And.


It was a convertible too. It was a convertible. Is you were gonna say something nice about donating, like something that was really Yeah, you cut me off. I'm sorry. You wanna know did Dion, I'm saying so if you wanna donate to schools, here's the number. Hold on. Did Dion Lease, was it a monthly payment? Can you do that Or if I, anyway, God bless you. Thanks for being here. All of you and yeah. Yeah. And this was really fun. Thanks for having me. All Some trips are better in an Airbnb. It's just true. Like the trip you want to take with extended family where you wanna stay close but not all be sharing one bathroom.


That's key for me. Okay. That's why Airbnb is the choice I often wanna make. Or for example, the couple's getaway where you'd rather have your own pool than share one with a bunch of strangers. Ugh. Oh. When I'm in a pool with strangers I start shrieking. Okay. That's weird. Or that last minute. Local getaway when you just really need to get outta the city for the weekend but don't wanna deal with the airport. You know, I have to say I've used Airbnb a couple times, And, it always makes me feel like I'm at home even when I'm away. Do you have that I do Too? I mean I have, you know, I have two small kids who are loud and so when I'm in a hotel I feel a little uncomfortable. Well you're allowed too. Oh yes. Okay. Yeah, we're all allowed. And then in a Airbnb, I just feel much more Comfortable traveling.


You're not a self-conscious. No. Yeah. And also you're staying in someone's home. Yeah. It's got that vibe of comfort, relaxation, normalcy instead of some stuffy hotel where they, yeah. I don't wanna mint on my pillow. Hey bla. You use Airbnb don't you? I do I love it. And And I will say it. It there's staying in in someone's place really does add a lot. I'm a huge Stephen King fan and the last Airbnb I stayed in had this book from a Buick eight, which is one of the few Stephen King books I haven't read. So I actually started reading it in the Airbnb. It was pretty awesome nerd. And you know what I do? Sometimes when I'm at an, I often travel with a picture of myself in frame. Oh boy. And I. Take it out. And I. Put it up.


And. it feels like home. I travel with my own framed headshot. Do you leave it there for as a gift? No, That's mine. Those things are precious.


So if you're booking a trip soon, my number one tip is to check out Airbnb first to find the perfect place to stay because your accommodation really does make all the difference.


You know what I love Sona. What football season? Hell yeah. Football season is here. All the rituals I get together with my buddies. My gang, my Chos choses. don don't know what that is. Is that a word? Chos? I think it's chums and bros. Your choses. Oh Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Chums and bros are choses. Oh okay. You heard it here first. Anyway, when we get together, we watch the game. Friendly rivalries. I like my team. Oh yeah. I prefer mine. That kind of talk. Yeah. Football talk. But you know what's a big part of the ritual for me? Miller Lite. Yep. Miller L knows the passion that comes with rooting for your team. Yeah. They get it. That's why Miller Lite keeps it simple. Mm. Let me explain please. Un debatable quality. Great taste. Only 96 calories. That's it. That's nothing. That's nothing. That's like a tic tac only beer. It's the beer that chips away everything you don't need and holds on to what matters most. Make your game time taste like Miller Time taste great. Less filling. Let it be both. Hmm. Okay. To get Miller Light delivered right to your door. Hello. Visit miller light.com/ Conan Ding-dong Miller Lite here. Hey. Or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories per 12 ounces. Fewer cows and carbs than premium regular beer.


Sonic has really done it this time. Yep. They've achieved the perfect balance of texture and flavor with their latest burger. The new Sonic Smasher. Yeah. And Triple Sonic Smasher. Oh my God. They broke the barrier with this one. They've got made to order smashed and seared Angus patties that are crispy around the edges and juicy in the middle. I always ask for that and no one can do it. But Sonic, to top it off, there's tangy smasher sauce, creamy melty American cheese, crinkle cut pickle diced onions, and it's all served on a pillowy soft potato bun. Yeah. God bless you. Sonic. Try the Sonic smasher today and don't forget to add a half price drink when you order in the app. Live free Eat Sonic


Anyway. Yeah, they they have Porta-potties right next to each other. Yep. Yep. And they're reading and then after a while I'm like, is there poop? They're like, no, we're working on it. We're trying. And then after a while I realized, I'm like, they made a fool Outta it. It's two in the morning. Yeah. And they're, they've been been sitting there for hours. Yeah. but I just thought you at your at, at your party would Wanna know. I used to do that when you were my update, you know, day-to-Day assistant. I'd say, I have to poop. And you would put me on the toilet and You'd be like, come with me into the bathroom. 'cause I'm scared. Yeah. And I'd sit there while you were, I read while I read a children's book and then you'd be there for hours and you'd be like, do you have to poop? And I'd be like, oh yes. Pretty soon So. anyway, let's find out what happened to the Hungry, hungry alligator All.


right. Let's go. It's a caterpillar. Well actually I think we're already rolling 'cause what I have to tell you guys is related to this. Anyway. Okay, let's hear it. There's something strange going on in my neighborhood and it's called Piss Saga. Piss Saga. Yes. I have nothing to do with this. I just want to put it out on the record. You're Okay. Let's, let's paint the picture. Your neighborhood, of course is in Pasadena. Yeah. Okay. And there is an electrical box on the side of the freeway, but it's, it's on a surface street near that little bakery that I love. Huh. That makes the, I'm sure I know it. Well Chuck, on top of this electrical box, for the past two years, someone has been putting bottles labeled human urine on top of this electrical box. What? Yes.


Since it's on Google Maps since 2022. I have to shout out my sister-in-Law. Sarah, you guys know Sarah? Yeah. She's been following the Instagram of these two guys, Derek Milton and Grant y who have been following this whole saga And. it really escalates. And she told me about it, but she didn't realize it's like really close to where I live. And almost every day there are multiple bottles of urine in, in like water bottles that say human urine on them. Is It really urine? Well, well this is the Thing. Taste it and find out. These Guys tested it And it is. And they thought maybe this was a drug drop off where people are exchanging, you know, drug urine for Oh, but they tested the urine and it's drug free. Wait a minute.


Well then hold it. Hold it. That makes sense because if you want pass a drug test, I Know it. You need, You need clean urine. But then is it possibly that this is a place for people to get that But? it isn't. The other thing is they, they go through this whole journey where they dress like construction workers and put up field cameras that are motion activated to catch this guy or person, whoever it is. They don't know initially if it was like just someone who might be mentally ill or, or a bear, a performance artist or a bear. But then they caught this, Oh my God, look at that. That's the pisser, That's the piss artist who's clearly doing some kind of installation. However, Is he, is he wearing a stalking over his face? It's like a balaclava.


Yeah. Does he see the camera there? Because it looks like he's looking, he took the camera into the camera. He Stole the camera and then went and took the camera to San Diego. 'cause they could follow the GPS on it. He stole the camera. This is But now Get this, that is the scariest that that's one of the scariest photos I can I've seen in a long time. Can it Looks a little like you. It's, you know what Sona I see it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. This whole Thing is, I just wanna confess, if, if I want this to be over, If if I was the piss guy, I would bring it up in a wave of like, oh my God, they're trying to catch the piss guy. but I would be the piss guy. Okay. Now this is going a level deep because I actually This is, this is by the way, this is if, if anyone cares to do it like a little documentary.


Well, It's already happening with these two guys. They're making videos and documenting to the point where I'm starting to suspect they might be the piss guys. But that's the beauty of it. They, they're really craftily making these fun videos about them going to do this stuff. So it's, whether it's real or not, it's a beautiful piece of art. It's kind of, it's Banksy with urine. Yeah, it's it's Piss Banksy. Yeah. Banksy Piss or Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. It it should be banks. We, because it's Wewe Banks, we Oh boy. Yeah. Guess who just got fired? I'm sorry. Isn't that funny? How you got, how, how quickly someone can get fired? Come on. Banks. We banks, we Oh, oh wait. Dumb one down, huh?


It, it'd have to be banks. Wee wee. Okay, well, okay, anyway, sorry. Welcome to the podcast. That always raises the bar banks peepee. Just go Peepee. Okay. It doesn't have to be wee Wee. Well man, you became so animated when we got to the pee pee wee wee section. Suddenly Sherlock Holmes is like, let's crack on. So, so what's interesting to me is yes, you raise an interesting point, which is who discovers this two very able documentarians. Exactly. Yeah. So it could be them. There's, there's But. it continues to unfold. It's still, as of the recording of this on September 16th, just the other day, presumably the city who was also contracted a hazmat company to come pick up this urine occasionally.


That's your tax dollar at work. I know they built a little aluminum pyramid on top of this thing, so you could not set anything on it. And then I was taking my daughter for a bike ride. I drove by it, the aluminum thing was shattered and there was like five new bottles of piss on There. Well now whoever's doing this, I mean, 'cause I don't know if it's a crime just to leave urine around. I hope not. 'cause wait a minute, we all do it. But anyway. Scott, wait a minute. No, no. Oh. Like I'm gonna go all the way to Pasadena to do this. It's Littering What? Littering. No, just, oh my God. It's a silent G, but Rage. Oh, If you were a rapper you'd be hard.


GI That is so stupid. And it brilliant at the same time. No, John. Just But. anyway. Stupid But. anyway. God, he's good. Who's speaking? Real stupid. So pissed. This is interesting to me that he's now guilty of destroying, you know, city property. If the city did that, these guys that make these videos are so funny and so good. You really should check out their Instagram. 'cause they have 'em laid out in parts one through six. These stock. I guess what, let's try and get our listeners, if anyone's interested and lives in the area, let's get them on the case. What if the P guy listens? Hey guy, stop doing it. No. Or, or tell us why. 'cause they've also put interview boards like whiteboards and questions for him saying, why are you doing this?


This is, there's an art installation, whatever. And the guy won't answer. Right. And it's unfolding as we speak. How does he get there? He, okay, so this is the crazy part. It's the 1 34. He must pull off on the side of the 1 34 and has to reach over a concrete wall and put it on there. And there's a video of a hand coming down and placing the piss bottles, like chess pieces. Like he's very delicately, but they had To catch that picture. They had multiple cameras. Oh. And at different times. Oh yeah. And one of them got stolen. One of them didn't work. Why just pee pee. Why not like poopoo? Like why not Fe Okay. Sona Sona poop. Hey Sona, do me a favor. Take a little time out little.


Just have some apple juice. Take a time out. And when you're ready and when you're ready to join the rest. Why is it just pee? Why isn't it just poop? Why isn't it also poop? Why just pee? I wonder, don't you wonder? Why do you keep repeating it? You keep saying the words much more off. You're the view Guys. Maybe I just pee and No poo poo. Okay. You have been spending a lot of time with twin boys who are very young and you're vocabulary has shrunk. Okay to pee poo. Yes and no. Okay, Let's go back to the piss saga. Sorry, I, I apologize. We were talking for Bringing this conversation down. Sarah, let's go back to the piss saga. We Were solely urine focused.


Yeah. When You took us into the Number one is fine. Number two. Yeah. That's not cool. That's Not respect. That's Not cool. That's not cool. Oh, okay. I'm sorry. That's not cool. That's not All. right? Everybody was thought So anyway About it. So. anyway, I I'm, I'm interested to find out. I'm kind of interested. I'm also thinking the time and resources that are being spent by both the assailant, we'll call him Oh God. And the people who are on his trail. And now we're getting more people involved and there are real problems in the world. And, but this is the human mind. We get distracted by these little strange, there's little Eddies I know little Whirling eddies that distract us from creating a real solar grid that will make us less energy dependent and cut down our need for fossil fuels.


And, but that will never happen. 'cause we're on the, the trail of pp man. You know, I know. And Amanda sent me a post on the neighborhood social media app, which is for, you know, neighborhoods and stuff. Yeah. About a woman concerned about it, saying, here's the email of of the city person. We need to all write him and tell them to make the stop too. So it's on the radar of the city now, Is it close to someone's house? Like is it hurting anybody? It's, you know what, It's very close to Meryl Streep's House. No. Yes. Oh my God. That's not cool. Yeah. What? She's one of our, she's probably our best greatest actor. Oh, I mean really Think about it. Yeah. She shouldn't be anywhere near strange urine. What You're saying is, is not controversial.


I know. I just had to take the stand. You know what I'm tired of? I'm tired of people saying Meryl Streep can't act her way out of a paper bag. I'm tired of it. Yeah. And I won't have I, she is the great, probably the greatest actress of her generation, And I. Don't think strange bottles of urine should be anywhere in the vicinity of someone of that caliber. Unless she is in fact the piss Artist. Okay. No, no, we're not doing that. No, no, no. That's what I thought. Not doing it near her house. No one's catching it, not doing it. She should have Cameras around her house, right. Not doing it. Yeah. She's the Piss artist. No, don't like it. Not cool. I'm shutting it down. I'm shutting it down and I'm ashamed of both of you. Okay. And I rise because you two fall. Well this has been a huge waste of time. But it's your fault 'cause you tuned into this fucking podcast.


So Yeah. Question where can people see these photos that you're talking about? If, if people wanna see these photos And who wouldn't? Yeah, let's go to the Instagram accounts of Derek Milton and Grant y syrup spelled like the condiment. There's no such condiment as Yan Syrup. Syrup, But what's the, well, his name is Grant Yura. But what about the first, The condiment y syrup? Oh, hello. I'm gonna my pants. Hello bottle. Hello. Wendy's.


Wendy's Drive through person. I've got ketchup, I've got mustard, I've got mail. There's no yet syrup. What's going on? All. right. Peace out. Tupac. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sono of Cession and Matt Gorley, produced by me. Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns.


Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Conn. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at siriusxm.com/ Conan. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded,


Looking for toys that'll get the biggest reactions. Yes Please. Walmart has jaw dropping toys like for real. Daisy Yoga goat. Awesome. Razor Crazy Cart shuffle. Whoa. Hot Wheels Bluey three in one airplane. Play set and more, aren't you gonna say? Cool. I'm saving it for the holidays. Smart freak. Welcome to your Walmart.


Life can throw a lot your way in the morning. You might be battling drop off times while your kids are battling imaginary monsters or they're shoe laces. But no matter what life brings life, cereal puts a smile on everyone's face with 24 grams of whole grains and unexpected sweetness in every serving. It's sure to please even the pickiest eaters help start your mornings with life cereal. I Really love my life.