
How hot do you like it? Firehouse Subs is churning up the heat. They've teamed up with hot ones to create two new sandwiches. The zesty garlic hook and ladder is the milder option. Can you believe that? Those still packed with flavor. And for the bravest spice chasers, the spicy dill hook and ladder sandwich is sure to be a three alarm ion. Well, Sona bla, you guys sampled the wares today? We did, yes. You had yourself those hook and ladder sandwiches. How were they? They were great. And they had a kick. Yeah, They did. I, I did the zesty garlic hook and ladder. Oh. And, and I loved it. I took a walk in the wild side with the spicy dill hook and ladder and it was great. I loved it. Well, I'm glad you guys enjoyed yourselves. Find out how hot you like it. Try the zesty garlic and spicy deal. Hook and ladder at Firehouse Subs. For a limited time, life doesn't go on forever. You gotta grab the moment, dude. Visit Firehouse subs.com to find a restaurant near you. Individuals sensitive to spice or the Carolina Reaper Pepper should not consume this spicy dill hook and ladder. Limited time at participating Firehouse Subs restaurants.


Hey guys, spring cleaning time. Let's start with your mop, because that overgrown winter hair ain't doing you any favors. You look like Mo from the Three Stooges. It's sport. It's an old reference, but look it up. It's Sport Clips. Haircuts. They've got pro stylists who know men's hair TV's playing sports 24 7 in a place boat for guys. That's right guys. To get a great cut without the hassle. No appointments, no stress. You just wander in fresh cut in a place that's made for you Dudes. Yeah. Froze. Yeah. High fives all around. So shake off that winter scruff and step into spring looking fresh 'cause they got you covered bra sport clips. It's a game changer.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hi Nikki. Welcome to Conan. O'Brien. Needs a fan. Hey guys. So nice to be here. You've been in my years for so long, for years. Yours for years. It's good to See you guys. We've been in your ears for years. Very nice. Yeah. I Didn't wanna start like that, but It's, it's happenings. It's what happened. And your name is Nikhil, is that correct? It's pronounced Nikhil. Nikhil. No, no, no. What's try Nik? What's about Kin? No, I, I love, I love correcting people on the pronunciation of their name. It cracks me up. No, Nikhil.


Nikhil. And you right now koan like the, I des I deserve that. You are in Bangalore, India, is that correct? Yes. Yes sir. I have been to India. I was there briefly for work a number of years ago. Actually. Sona came with me Yeah. On this assignment. And I was in Jaipur. But I've never, I would love, I didn't really get a chance to experience experience India as much as I wanted to. It's a fascinating country. I love the people. It is. And I would love to go and, and visit. Tell me a little bit about yourself, Nikhil. Okay, so I live in Bangalore, India, which is in the south. Most people visit places not, I think you should come visit the south If you end up, if your ban ends country.


My, I have to wait for my ban in a lot of countries to end. Yeah. Oh yeah. It's actually so hard for us Indians to get a visa to come there. So it's nice to hear when you guys have some difficulty coming here. Yeah, we had, we had years and years ago we did a sketch and it's all a misunderstanding, but it was a perfectly fine sketch. But one of our writers went there but didn't fill out the correct paperwork or something. So we ended up on some list. But I think it's all being taken care of, so, You know. Awesome. Yeah, we won't even probably mention that, but I am, You know, it probably won't even come up because it'll all get taken care of. Trust me. I don't think it's a big problem. Awesome. So I am a video creator and it sounds insane to say, but I'm also a talk show host.


I can't believe I'm saying that to you. But yeah, I've done 40 episodes of a show called Menu Please. Where I interviewed Netflix Stars or a meal. So we went to different restaurants, talked about food and about their movie. And it was a lot of fun. Well, wait a minute, Akhil and in fact, Nikhil. Yeah. You are a talk show host. It sounds like you're a very successful one. You've done this show with Netflix Stars. It sounds like a, you're, you're Now here's the catch. Yeah, it's a Netflix, India YouTube show. So the show was on Netflix, YouTube, Netflix's, YouTube channel. Yeah. But I like to say Netflix 'cause it sounds cool. It it was awesome. It was one of the coolest experiences.


Well, I like to say I won an Oscar 'cause it sounds cool, but I didn't. But Nikhil, I would say you are talking to people. You are, you seem to be having success at it. I I wouldn't put yourself down, I think, and, and you, you seem like a very personable, funny guy. I, I think you just, you don't have to qualify it. You are a talk show host. You're having success. Fair enough. I am talk show host. It's just surreal to say to you. But one cool thing is you and I have actually interviewed the same person. Who's that? It's Vedas. Oh, Vedas, yes, of course. Yeah. It's like six degrees of separation except two.


Yeah, It was, it was super cool. I actually asked him what it was like to be on the show. He performed standup Yes. On, on your show. Way back. And yeah, he just said such great things about you. It was cool. Oh, he terrific. Terrific comedian. Very talented. And yeah, well see. No, this is us talking shop because we've interviewed the same person and Yeah. It sounds like, is this, and this is something that you're interested in doing professionally for the rest of your life, do you think? Well, not the rest of your life. I'm not gonna do it for my entire life, but I have still have Dreams. Dreams. Oh, dreams. I hope your dreams come true. Thank you. Thank you. Yes.


Well, thank you for that. I would like to be a balloonist. Oh yeah. I'd like to go up in a hot air balloon and travel the world. Oh, that Kind of balloonist I thought making animals. Well, I tried that and it didn't work. Okay. The kids were like, that is not a dog. And I was like, shut up. You can't hit kids with a balloon. You currently still counts as hitting. You sound very qualified for this job. Yes. So let's, let's keep the conversation on you and not on my crimes. You, you live in Bangalore, India, Nikhil, and you've had some success doing a talk show. And what's your living situation like?


Do you live with your parents? Do you live, do you live alone? I Currently actually live in a four bedroom house with three other guys. Oh. And it's very unique, a unique situation. So I'm currently on the top floor and we live in lowering degrees of a relationship status. So I'm at the top. Yes. And I'm a single guy. Yeah. Below me, not literally is a guy who is in a situationship, You know, one of those things. Mm. Next to him is a guy who's in a very nice long term relationship as boyfriend and girlfriend. And below them is a guy who's currently engaged.


Oh yeah. It's, it's quite unique actually. So as you get further down the apartment, you start at the top, the More respectable You are. You were single. Yes. As you get down this sort of Yes. The, the more serious the relationships become. Yeah. And are your roommates, you all, you all get along? We Do. It's very surprising. There's been no problems except for one guy. Okay. Tell me about this one guy. Is it you? Yeah. No. Oh, wait, he, they probably say that about me. But there's one guy, his name is Jet, and he, all he does is he's a serial rascal. Is that a thing I can say?


Yeah. Serial rascal. He's, he's just a rascal. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. He's, you really blew the doors off. You can't talk that way. You can't use the, you can't call someone a rascal. He may, his reputation may never recover. If this was 200 years ago. No, you can call someone a rascal. That basically just means they're kind of fun. Amazing. Next, I'm gonna call him a nin poop. Wow. Your language bad. We're gonna have to put a a, yeah. A warning on this podcast. It's gonna be all beeps. Yeah. I mean, if you're a child and you're living in 18, 20, you might not wanna listen to this podcast, although it's still probably Okay. Yeah, exactly. Come poop rascal.


So, okay, so your roommates, it's a good group. Like if I visited you, you, me and the roommates would get along. You think A hundred percent. There's one tall guy, so you'd have somebody to look in the eye with. There's one guy who's super responsible, doesn't drink, doesn't smoke. So, yeah. Boring. I guess You Can not do those things with him. Yeah. And there's me at the top just making videos. So I, I, I I guess we could do that. I'm not very interesting, to be honest. And then there's the annoying guy who we can call an income poop together. Yes. That'd be great. Yes. RAs poop. We'll call him. Yeah. So, okay. And what, any of your roommates be familiar with me or my work if we, if I visit?


Yeah. So one of them, the tall guy, actually, I put all of them in. I, I spread this podcast like the plague. I've been listening to every episode. So anytime we're doing a long road trip that this is what I put on. My favorite is the John Krasinski episode. It makes me laugh out loud. So one of my roommates, anus, his name is we. Yeah, he's a big fan. He's asleep right now, but if he knew that I was talking to you right now, he'd lose it. Oh, really? He's a, he's a Conan fan. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And you Didn't tell him? I didn't tell him. So Wake him up. He's asleep right now. He's a big fan of mine. He's a sleep he fan. And he doesn't, he a big fan. And you're in Bangalore, India, and you and I are having a conversation and he sleeps not knowing that the greatest hero of his life Oh no.


Is speaking to you on the top floor. That is exactly right. How would he react if I walked into his room? Does he know? So he doesn't know that You and I are talking. If I, if I were to walk into his room, what do, how do you think he would react After his stroke? I think he just like, I don't know, hug you. And he's a fun guy. He's like one of those extreme polar opposite personality guys where when he's in walk mode, like he doesn't talk, he just walk through the room and he's just like a white walker from Game of Thrones. And he's very focused. But when he's out and having fun, he's just the most fun guy. Making everybody, You know, just have a great time. So I think he turned into that mode after this set stroke.


This guy, I like this guy. He's, he's a big Conan fan. And I would love to, it'd be fun to surprise him, I think, You know, I think, and then we could all, we could all go out, have a good time. What would we do for fun? Okay, so Bangalore used to be the garden capital of India, then it became the Silicon Valley of India. And so they removed all the gardens, but throughout this, it's always been the pub capital of India. Oh. So we have a insane pub culture here. And I know all of you, Sona, Matt, I know you guys especially will have a great time over here. In fact, there's a pub called Tot over here. TOIT. It's like super fame tot tot toit.


Yeah. Tot Yes. All of the above are. Well, You know what I Love? You know what I, You know what I love. Nikhil just got as annoyed with you as we do. He, he doesn't, he just met you. He's in Bangalore. That was amazing. And he went right. Yeah. Right. I thought we Were all doing the tweet. No, you didn't do it. I did that. You Maybe overdid it. I'll do it with you just to Make you feel. Wow. But, but the the cool thing about to is, yeah. So they brew their own beard. I'd love for you to review it, considering you're an Irishman and you guys I like the beer. Sure. Yeah.


Yeah. Like The beard. Oh, look at you and your food. I also have restrooms. Okay. And in front of the rest. Wow. I Love, I love a bar with a restroom selling point that just went to the top of my Yelp review. They have a restroom. 11 stars. Okay. So, so if this bar, please tell me more. This bar tot has a restroom. Yes. Tweet. They have restrooms. This is important. Yes. I think it's pronounced ua by the way. I think it's some French word. It's all of us. Bangalore. It's please. Here. It's, yeah. Sona has decreed that. It is toit. Anyway, UA to This bracket season.


FanDuel is letting you make the call. 'cause right now, new customers can get $200 in bonus bets. When your first $5 bet wins. You hear me? That's 200 extra binos to bet on. Everything from clutch shots to last second heartbreaks. And even who's cutting down the nets. If you've been waiting to join, there's no better time. There's turn action, not slang for tournament almost every day. And FanDuel has amazing bet types like spreads totals, game props, and so much more. I know all about this. You do? Oh, I'm a real, it sounds like it. I'm a real Beto. I, I'm, I'm excited because Michigan State, which is my team, I, I think they're gonna go all the way. They're number one in the big 10. Yes. Yes. Let's go all the way.


You know, don't shake your head, Eduardo. Listen, you are all a Michigan all the way. You're always That's right. Ever since I've known you, which is like 20 some odd years. That's right. You've been babbling about Michigan. This Michigan that. You gotta try a Michigan soup. You gotta have Michigan pizza pie. I love it all. And, and, and so Yeah. I say with FanDuel, Michigan State all the way. Let's go baby. Go drink. Yeah. Your favorite murderers are from Michigan. Anyway. That's true. Also, soup.


Visit FanDuel dot com slash conan. Get in on the college hoops. Action. All turn long. Turn is short. Tournament must Be 21 plus in present in select states for Kansas in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus and present in DC. First online Real money wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued as non withable bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Visit md gambling help.org in Maryland.


Why not? People when they think about winter snow, You know, snowman, not me. Snowball fights. Snowball fights. That's not what I think about. Okay. I think it's a great excuse to gather with friends and crack open a cold one. Yeah. From basketball and hockey to game night. Winter means more moments with the coolest people in your life. And I've got some Pretty cool people in my life. Like me? No. Oh, not you. Okay. But like, my really cool friends. Oh, okay. You know who I get together with, right? I Patch Jones. Oh yeah. All right. He's cool. Yeah. Du Shrimp. I have a lot of very cool friends. RJ Johannes make these moments even better With Miller Light. That's my crew. The great tasting light beer for people who love beer. Miller Light is brewed for taste. Hello. It's different than other light beers.


Other light beers are just like, blah. If you like it, okay. But If you don't go to hell. Yeah. Well, guess what? Not. Miller Light. It's made with simple ingredients like malted barley for rich balanced toffee, note flavors. And the iconic golden color. The original light beer since 1975. And still for my money. The best one. Yeah. I remember when I was out with my gang, right? We were out, out on our bicycles. Oh yeah. And we were driving around and then we, we pulled over and got a Miller Light, You know, and it was really nice. 'cause it was a lot of people don't think You don't ride a bicycle in the winter. No, but we put snow tires on our bicycles. Okay. Big, big chains. And it was just nice to sit with my friends next to our bicycles that were really heavy with chains and crack open a cold one.


You know, Miller Light. Great. Taste 96 calories.


Go to Miller light.com/conan to find delivery options near you. Or you can pick up some Miller Light. Pretty much anywhere they sell beer. Yeah. Taste like Miller Time to me. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories and 3.2 carbs per 12 ounces.


One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. I know, right? I'm trying to sell my coal miners hat and it goes to a dance troupe. Ugh. That's no good. It's just stupid. That's where LinkedIn ads come in. Fortunately, LinkedIn is a network of over 1,000,000,001. You can't even count that high. I can't, I can't either. Link as a network of over 1 billion businessy people who might actually be interested in your business. You can even target your buyers by job title, industry, company roles, seniority skills, company revenues. Did I say job title? I think I did. Mm, just stop wasting budget on the wrong audience. That's just stupid. Start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads.


LinkedIn will give you a $100 credit on the next campaign, so you can try it yourself.


Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.


This message is brought to you by BetterHelp. Quick question. Who's your support system? Have they changed your life? You know, it's, it's really important to talk to people. We live in very tense times. Yeah. And there's a lot of stress out there. And it, I think a few things work better than talking to someone, getting the anxieties and everything that's inside of you out. Get it out on the table. Think about your favorite leaders, mentors, idols. They don't have all the answers, but they do know when to ask questions or seek support from their community. So therapy can be a source of support for any area of your life. It's time to shift the focus from doing it all to knowing that we're better when we ask for help. You good at that? Sonic good at asking for help. Asking For help. Yeah. I'm a very outward person.


That's Yes, you are. Yeah. It's a good, but that's a good quality. BetterHelp is fully online making therapy affordable and convenience. Serving over 5 million people worldwide, you can access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Easy switch therapists, anytime at no extra cost. And that's important. Yeah, it is. You don't feel awkward about moving on. It's not the right fit. Yeah. This month BetterHelp is giving you the biggest discount on starting therapy that has ever been offered on this show. 90% off your first week, your wellbeing's worth it. So don't miss it.


For a limited time, visit BetterHelp dot com slash conan to get 90% off your first week. That's BetterHelp. HEL p.com/conan.


So in front of the restrooms, they have a portrait of you. What? And every time I go there and I get piss drunk and I have to go get piss. You have to because I'm Drunk. Yes, you have to, you I'm drunk right now. No, no, I don't it. So sorry. It's one 30 in the night. I take a selfie with that portrait every time I have a collection. I have a folder actually on my phone. What? Let's see. Let images bring one Up. Yeah, bring one up. Images Of me with, oh my God. Oh, wow. That. Wait, why is that? That is a restroom. Wait, wait a minute. Why does it say restrooms? And then a photo of me With a bar now for some reason. Yeah. Oh yeah. No, that was when we were launching the, yeah.


The, the TBS show a number of years ago. I, I'm, I guess I'm flattered that If you go to Bangalore Yeah. And you go Towt and you go to use the restroom. Is it for the men's room or the women's room, or both? What would you prefer? I'm, You know, I'm gender fluid. I think I'm, yeah, You are flattered by this. Don't you want the picture to be more sort of out in the open? No. Okay. I've learned, I've learned that everyone goes to the restroom, especially at a bar. Yeah. Footfall is high. It's the perfect place. It's, it's the most trafficked area. So I often, if a place has a photo of me, and sometimes they do, You know, sort of downscale, You know, burger joints where I've gone and I've made them put up a picture of me.


They, I ask, I asked them to put me near the restaurant. But it Doesn't bother you that your picture is associated with people just going pee pee and poopoo. No. Okay. No, those are beautiful. Okay. That, that's how we, those are great. That's how we live. That's how, and I'm sorry. I'm sorry that Matt just used those offensive terms. Yeah. I've, you, you, he's the guy. Of course, course you started with, you started with Rascal. I thought I was bad. Yeah, he's a pirate. Yeah. Pee pee. PP guy. Yeah. So you'll Be pleased to know the portrait is in between both rooms. So the doors are on either side. Whoa. If you can imagine, everybody can see this image when they go to pee. People associate me.


That's with great bladder discomfort. Yeah. That's, no. Okay. Well, you're a laxative. Yes. Maybe. Okay. Maybe I am intrigued. I'm intrigued. A, that you have a roommate who's a big fan. B, that there's a portrait of me. I mean, there's a lot that recommends Bangalore. I have one fan and there's a picture of me in a, near a restroom. Yeah. And, and what about your career? Are, are you enjoying your, your work as a talk show host? Are you enjoying it? So, I'm currently between hosting jobs, which means I, those shows are ended.


So one of the show was Menu, please. The other was Food was another show where I reviewed fast food. And both of those are over because we've run out of both celebrities and fast food joints here in India. And I'm currently, I guess in a, in a, a state of figuring out what I want to work on. And I'm actually thinking of working on a talk show here in India. And the premise of which is I take a small crew, go to a, sort of enter a stranger's home with their permission set up over there and shoot every episode, interviewing an ordinary person in their unique house, talking about their unique items and what makes them them. That's the idea right now. Oh, That's a cool idea.


I kinda like that idea. I mean, the problem is, every now and then you'll get, You know, people who aren't great, but, but murdered. No, you won't get murdered. But Yeah. But it's like when you do a talk show, there are good nights. There are nights that aren't as good. It's, You know, it's luck of the draw if you're in a volume business. But I like that idea. And yeah. And who knows, maybe you and I would come up with some kind of show together, You know, we could do a show. Yeah. I am going to clip that and listen to it every day of my life until it happens. But it's, it's, it's always possible. Maybe we could think of an idea, You know, something that, that works where we're co-hosts of some kind of show, You know, and we shoot an epi.


Yeah. We shoot an episode and we get it on the air and we get it out there to the people of India. What do you think of that? I think that's a pretty bad idea. I'm just kidding. That's the best idea I've heard in my goddamn life. You really had me convinced it was a bad idea there for a second. Well, no, That would be an honor. Yeah. So we can always think of what that is. We need that. Right. That spark of inspiration you call it To, There we go. Good one. Shoot It from Toit. Yes. You could shoot it from Toit. Oh, we could shoot an episode of the show. I think at you've, you've stumbled onto something here, Matt. I have. Yes. By saying, tot you made it clear that we shoot the episode.


We set up the, in, in front of the portrait of me that exists. The Bathrooms between the two, the the ladies' room, the men's room. Yeah. And we Can interview people going in and out. Yeah. We Can interview people. We could interview people going in and out, going to the bathroom. How was your bowel movement? Okay, Now you've, oh boy. Well, It would have to be asked, it was the obvious Question. No, that's coming on, on the way out. What? You, you interview them on the way in. Oh. And that way the interviews have to be short because they really can't hang out long. Yeah. Because also if they come, If you get them on the way out, maybe they didn't wash their hands and touch 'em. Fecal Matter. Are you touching them? No. Are you touching them to shake their hands?


No. You have to in and it's talk show etiquette. Have to, you have to, you have to. Yeah. You have to shake their hands. And often, I I, I just wanna say in all the years that I did talk shows, which was almost 30 years, often I could tell they had just used the restroom and not wipe their hands. True story. True story. Al Roker, serial offender. Oh, disgusting. Disgusting. Man. You'd hear the flush and he'd come out just as he was introduced. And you could tell those hands haven't been washed. They're dry. Roker al Roker, Like I said, great idea for, for show. I love it that I'm pitching myself to Nikhil and Bangalore, India. And he's not enthused.


This is the, This is my resting state of enthusiasm. It's very, Right now, actually, You know what? That could be blood sugar. I'm so enthusiastic. That Could be blood sugar. You know, you should look into that. You should make sure you, you Probably, it's also one 30 in the night right now. And I, I feel zo but excited at the same time. I feel it's just very confusing. Yeah. And also surreal. Yeah. It's a little bit of a, it's a little bit of a fever dream and it feels like almost Yes, exactly. I'm intrigued. Perfect. Co-hosting. I'm intrigued by, there's a lot of things that impressed me with Hilel. I think that you are a, i I think he's, you just seem like a natural to me. You're very funny. And I think he'd be, I think you are a terrific talk show host.


I can tell just by, by chatting with you. Thank you. I'm intrigued by this idea you have for a new talk show in, in Bangalore. I'm a little intrigued by this roommate who's a fan. You say a big, you say a big fan. Yeah. We call him Anus and we don't know why. It's like one of those names you Yeah, That sounds like someone who'd like my stuff pee For your name. Is that not his name? I thought when he first said it said, I thought that was his actual name. Oh, that's my bad. No, his name is, his name is, but we call him Anus and You don't know why. You don't know why. No. It's like something that entered the zeitgeist of this house without us realizing it.


It just sort of flowed in. And we call him Anes now. I thought it was his name. I'm so sorry. Don't laugh. Everybody thought it, when we first heard anus, we all stopped ourselves from laughing. We all, we All thought it, we all that Nikhil in a house. We all thought it a house with all these guys. The one who's a big Conan fan is called Anus. Yeah. Yeah. To be fair, he's not like, let the name stuck yet. Like when we, when we say anus out loud, he turns and then he gives this face of like, oh, I can't believe I'm allowing this to happen. He's respect. So when you come here, If you christen him officially, I think he'll be, it'll stick from then on. Well, I guess that's a good reason to fly all the way to India is to make sure that the name Anus sticks.


Just recap. Your biggest Fan is named Anus and your portrait is hanging between two bathrooms. Yeah. This is fantastic. Nikhil. I feel enlightened. Oh no, totally. I feel lifted. Well, I like you. You're a fine fellow, I think. And I, I do, I do think you've got what it takes. I really do. I think you're a na I think you're a natural. Do you think that I'd be able to help you get your concept for a talk show where you go to people's houses? Do you think I could help you get that off the ground if I, if I came to Bangalore? Absolutely. I mean, for, for starters, I'd love to do a full pilot with you, perhaps in your hotel room or my bedroom right here.


We could shoot one of these episodes. That sounded weird the way I said it, but the episode would be completely fine. No, no, it's, it's, And not strange at all. It's Totally normal in, in this business to invite people to, to do a, an interview in their bedroom. Oh, it's how I got started. It would be great. It would almost be like a training for me. You could be a guest and a coach at the same time. Terrific. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Either way. And what are we, are we do Yeah, go ahead. Sorry, go ahead. No, you go. You go ahead. Oh, you go ahead. This is my show. The, this is how I'd be on my show. I love you to speak first. Oh, Oh, well, yes. I could be a guest. I could also maybe give you some pointers from my almost 30 years of experience.


Yeah. And what about my fee? Do we talk about that now? Or is that something that comes up later? Later like a lot later? Lot, lot, lot. Very late. You're gonna do very well, Nikhil. You're gonna do very, very well in this business. Thank you. Hey, Nikhil, I really, I like talking to you and I hope we get to cross paths 'cause that would be very cool. Me, this you're, Yeah, it has been a huge, huge honor. And so nice to meet you guys. Sona and Matt as well. Thank you. Yeah. Awesome.


I really do think we're talking about, I, I, I think it's low blood sugar. I really do. You just seem to lose all energy at different points. Nikhil, you have to keep some almonds in your pocket. Okay. Chocolate covered almonds. That a Alright, I'm gonna, I'm gonna make sure That's my first tip as a talk show host. Done almonds in your pocket that saved Colbert. I told him that I could see him lose energy and he's, he's been a superstar ever since. Perfect. Saved his career. Hey, thank you so much Nikhil. Very cool to talk to you and we'll see what happens. Thank you so much. Bye-bye. Take care. Bye bye-Bye. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me.


Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer, Aren Blair, associate talent producer, Jennifer Samples, associate producers Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan.


Please rate, review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wherever find podcasts Z down.


It's time to play ball in Academy. Sports and Outdoors has the gear you need to bring it home for less. That's what I like to hear. 'cause I'm a guy that likes to play ball. You're a jock. I am a jock. Yeah. I'm a jock star. I'm not a nerd. No. I like to be beat up on the nerds. Gear up for baseball, softball and t-ball with essentials from brands like oh man, Easton Rawlings Wilson Shop, bats, gloves, cleats, gear, and so much more. Academy offers free one hour in store or curbside pickup on orders plus a 5% price match guarantee or juice. Same day delivery, powered by DoorDash. Order by 4:00 PM Get it by 8:00 PM That's, you wanna toss the old pig skin around. It's 4:00 PM You don't have football. Bang. A couple hours later you got it. Yeah. And then you're thrown around with little Billy or a kid with a different name. Swing by your local store or shop academy.com Today get ready to hit it out of the park, baby.


At Amica Insurance, we know it's more than just a house. It's your home. The place that's filled with memories. The early days of figuring it out to the later years of till figuring it out for the place you've put down. Roots Trust, Amica Home Insurance, Amica Empathy is our best policy.