
Sona. This was a very nice day today. It was because over here at our headquarters, we got this great gift. Tillamook Ice Cream. I'm a monster for ice cream. I know You are too. I wanna take a bath in it. And then I want to eat, eat the ice in the eat the bath. Wait, what? I wanna like bathe in it. Yeah. But then I want to eat it as I'm bathing In it. Yeah. Yeah. That's a simple concept. You made it much more complicated. I know. I'm sorry. Fill a bathtub with Tillamook ice cream. I will get in it and then I will eat my way out. Yes. That's all you need to Do. Okay. There we go. Okay. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. They have so many great, it's such good ice cream and they have so many great flavors. I mean, just off the top my head, I don don't know. Birthday cake, caramel swirl. Banana split caramel Doy Crunch. Chocolate chip. Chocolate. Chocolate chip cookie dough. I think there's butter pecan cookies and cream. French vanilla with chocolate. Peanut butter Malted. Moose Shake, I think is one I can't remember too well mounted Huckleberry, Tillamook mudslide. Marion Berry Pie, monster Cookie, old Fashioned Vanilla, Rocky Road, Oregon. Dark cherry waffle cone swirl, peppermint bark. I'm don Don't, I'm just going off memory here. But holiday sugar cookie, orange and cream. Anyway, so many great flavors and just incredible. You know, they, they really put and they come in family sized cartons. Mm. Also, you're in good hands with the Tillamook brand. They make over 200 different dairy products. And the brand is farmer owned and led by dairy experts. Fine Tillamook ice cream near you@tillamook.com. I'm gonna spell it for you. That's how much I care about this product. T-I-L-L-A-M-O-O k.com.


It's time to wake up people stop accepting a life of rules and routines and instead choose fun. Yeah. Yeah. No one knows fun better than Sonic. And their new dollar 99 menu with five crable items for just a dollar 99 each. Wow. Build a meal with sonic favorites like the Quarter Pounder double cheeseburger and chili cheese. Coney Hmm. Or new queso wraps in Bacon Ranch and Southwest Crunch. I'm sick of people being stuck in their routines. Yeah. Live free, eat Sonic D's not included. See menu for details.


Introducing an SUV where everything for every passenger feels just right. The all new 2025 Infinity QX 80. Wow. Infiniti's most luxurious, full-sized three row SUV full of customizable advanced features. You know, SUV's quite handy. Yeah. They are. Store a lot of stuff. You got a family, you got a bike. Take care of it all with an SUV. Want some personal attention? Individual audio technology isolates sounds to the driver's seat. So if you're listening to me right now, you're getting the best quality con and sound and biometric cooling technology automatically cools passengers in the second row. And you wanna keep those second row passengers quite cool. Discover you are just right. Visit infiniti usa.com to learn more about the all new Infiniti QX 80 20 25 QX 80 is not yet available for purchase expected availability. Summer 2024. Availability of features may vary by trim level packaging and options.


Hi, my name is Rashida Jones. And I. Feel blank about being Conan O'Brien's friend. Okay. There's a blank on the page. Yeah, but you also feel blank. Well, I've never seen more honesty in your eyes. And I. Think I respect that. Back to school friends.


Two Hey there. Welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. I just twirled a Kleenex box into the air with great force that amused everybody. I don't know why I am sitting here with Giggle Pus Johnson. AKA son of obsession, and of course the highly competent Matt Gourley. How are you Matt? What the, Wait a minute. That is the most confusing. Is that as an insult or a No, It's not an insult at all. That's an insult to me. Yes. There you go. Okay. Yeah. It's a bank shot. All. right? Okay. I got her by just always. Okay, then I'll let that one pass. Oh, will you? Yes. Oh, good for you. So how are you, what's the word out on the street? I feel like you're in touch with the common man. Okay. You know what? Because I'm not, I live in a, I live in a bubble, as you know. Yes. Okay. So I use a delivery service for my marijuana.


Why'd you pause? I don't, 'cause I didn't, I was to think this is guilt shame. I was trying to think of a word I could use to make it It's legal. It sound, it's legal. Like it's, Hey, it's cold. It's just my thing, you Know? Right. So is there a GrubHub then for, is that what it is? Is it A Yeah, I use a service called Ease. What's up? Ease. And, and can you spell that for me? Gimme some. That's Just a fellow's name. Money. A ZE. Yeah. So EAZE. I mean, this is not a promo for them. don. Don't approve of that. Well, you could tell Whacky ak You don't Approve of it. So, so ease is No, no. don don't want people poking on a jazz cigarette Poking on it. Yeah. Poking on It. Well, please. I've been around Token on it. Yeah. Well, I, listen, that's the newer phraseology. The old one was poking on a, poking on a jazz cigarette.


Is it really in the alley? Yeah. Okay. So. anyway, my question is ease. How does it work? What do you do? I You go online. You, And this is not seriously, this is not an ad. Do not fast forward for this because we are not getting money from ease. Sona may get a What Is It a little bit a A little bit of credit in my account. So, What, Is, It. So So. anyway, you order your, so I instead gonna like dispensary. I You could, they have all this stuff online. What, Is, It You like. What is your I I like little gummies, like little five milligram gummies that chill me out. And yesterday I was in the mood for like a little pre-roll mini joint To poke on. To poke on. What? If we're gonna use the correct terminology.


Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. With the poke on. Yeah. Some grass. Yeah. So you're poking on a little JB bone. Yeah. And then what make you ordered up? Some little pokies. Oh God. So. anyway, Why am I talking about it? So, so the guy comes really nice guy. How do you know? I'm just gonna ask a couple questions. And, I'm sincere about these. What's the difference between, you're in the mood for a gummy? Yeah. A five milligram gummy or a, what you said is a four. Shortened Is a little thing. Can I be honest? Yeah. The gummy, you have to wait for it to hit you like 45 minutes, 30 minutes to an hour. Right. And when you just wanna feel it right away. I just go for a little like mini little mini little mini JB bone. Yeah. Okay. You smoke 'em out your eyes. Why are you doing That?


I love little mini JB bone. So, so wait, so wait a minute. Okay. So you're, you get this, how long is it, would you say? Is it she's, she's this big. Okay. She's like, don don't know. Two inches. Yep. An inch. Yep. And so you get that. Wow. He did not. No, No, no. Wait. Come on. Just settle down. So, so it's so short. Do you have to use, what do you use like tweezers to hang onto it? No, no, no. It's not like a roach. It has a little, little cuff. It's, it's got a little filter. I see. I got It. Got It. And then you just, you, you, And this gives you, gives gives Mama her hit right away. Gives Me, gives mama her hit. Right. don don't have to Wait because who wants to wait around for 45 minutes? You'd have to watch. That's almost a whole, you know, segment of CNN you know, it's like you have to wait.


Yeah. That's what I hope you watch. You have to, you have to wait till the next story comes around. You know, where they go. Like anyway. And then when you see the dog on the treadmill the second time, you know, you've watched about 45 Minutes. It's like a whole Love Is Blind episode basically. Same thing. Have you watched CN lately? No. They're on a hot tub. That's cool. Yeah. And I would not be surprised. Yeah. Not at all. They're, they're doing anything they can for ratings. But. anyway, so what did, so, so The guy came to deliver and you know, you give your license 'cause they're very, you know, strict about whatever you're ordering and you have to pay and stuff. So I gave them my license and my credit or, and my card and then, and they Wanna make sure that you're of age Of age. Absolutely. Yeah. You have to be 21. So I gave it to him and then he's like, oh, let me get away.


My reader And I was like, oh, I'll, I'll, I'll go. So You don't have to come back all the way And. then we go and then he goes, he's like, can I ask you A question? He Goes, do you work for Conan O'Brien? And I go. Yeah. And he goes, I wasn't sure. 'cause my license is Tallen, which is my first name. And then it turns out he was at your last Tonight show. Oh. And he waited in the rain for hours. Wow. That's nice. To go and watch your Last Tonight Show. And he says he was the last person that they let in. Oh, that's nice. And he said it was a really special day. He's been a huge fan of yours for a really long time. And I was like, shut up and give me my weed. Yeah, We weed. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Con Tonight Show Emotional moment in Gimme the Weed.


Well, that's very sweet. No But. it was really sweet. Did you get his name? I did. but I, I think I can could say it. Nick. I'm pretty sure his name is Nick. Just a shout out to Nick. That was means a lot to me. That you waited, that you came to that show and had my back in that weird time. I think that's very cool. Yeah. And, and now is he gonna be your regular, if you ordered from them again, would he come back? Or is it a different person Every Time? It's a different person every time. All, right? Yeah. Yeah. Hook us up. Ease. No, I'm, I'm, I'm good. Ease. They're gonna Hook you up. Yeah. With what, what, what Do you want? Do, do you do not partake? Do You Occasionally that but I don't Don do very well on it. No, No. I'm probably like you or my head just starts racing and, you know. No, I, my, I, the, my problem is just my, as I exist is a problem.


All. right. So the idea of distorting that Seems But it wouldn't mellow you out at all. No, I don't think so. What do, what do you think? Do it? I used to, I think it would, I think you're gar you're the candidate for it. Actually think might help you. Yeah. I had 10 years of solid weed use that helped. I Didn't know that about you. Yeah. Yeah. You were a potted or Did. you call someone. I Wouldn't know if Did, you waken bake. No. Oh. but I noon and bake, you know, it was like alcohol. Nothing before noon. Before noon. The rules have changed. So, but all I would do is to hang with my best buddy and watch the shittiest movie Possible. That's fun. I know It's the greatest thing ever.


I know. But then it all turned on me. And. it doesn't work anymore. Oh. It turned on tact toot not guy. And people keep saying, saying, oh, there's a strain for you. And I've never turned. So, so, so what would you, what would you prescribe me Sona as someone who is ed inedible at my an inedible. And what but what variety of edible? I think that you need the kind of ed maybe a hybrid that would just kind of like chill you out. Or an indica they call it. That's the one that makes you kind of sleepy. Eduardo, you just jumped in on that. You think Indica iss the one that goes Indica will chill you out. Yeah. No. Do you guys want me chilled out? I'd like to see it. I Would love To. Let's try it. Let's get High. All the piece of your size. 'cause you're a tall guy. I feel like you need Also Quite A bit Also, you've been around me. I have a high tolerance.


Yeah. I. do you really? Yes. Yeah. I have a very high tolerance for stuff. I will say, we were on a trip somewhere, And. it was all, we were on a plane and everyone was sleeping. And I was reading a book. And you came back to talk to me. And I was like, oh man, aren't you, aren't you sleeping? And you're like, oh, I took an Ambien. But it's like throwing a tic-tac into the sun. Yeah. That's One of the favorite things You've ever said. That's what I said. Yeah. No, it's true. It's true. I'll go to the, I mean, I've, we talked, I think I, I, yeah, I don't know what it is, but if I go to the dentist and they give me what they think is a massive dose of Novocaine, then they go to drill into my tooth, And, I feel everything And, I go, Hey. And they're like, oh, right, we looked at your chart. You need 40 times that to put you down. You're like an elephant. So that would be my issue is that I would have, I would have like seven of what you just said, which I think is in, because that's fine.


And then, and then I'd still be like, Hey there, let's do a podcast. And there'd be no difference. I Think we should, I think I want you to try it. You know what, I think it'd be funny if we equipped you guys with blow darts. That shot that shot Little in little indica darts. Yeah. And. I could come in. And, I could be like All. right. Let's get started then. Ah. Oh, my neck. And then you get me and you get me And, I start Gyrating. And then you keep hitting me. And then I'm just covered in darts. But I'm still like All. right. We gotta get to Rashida Jones. Yes. And you see, nothing takes me down. You talk like you're high all the time. Yeah. Like what you just said. That's something people would say when they're high.


Yeah. I know. Oh, I know. Like, shoot me with weed darts. Yeah. The fact that you're completely sober and you think of these things. I told you, I had a doctor who I, I had an initial visit with a doctor once and he ran through all the questions. And then he said, okay, let's talk about drug use. And I said, I, I don't do drugs. And he said, well, what about cocaine? And I said, I don't do cocaine. He said, you know, these questions don't work if you don't tell the truth. Oh, And I said I don't do cocaine. And he said, I've seen your work. Yes. And I'm like, I don't, I've never done it in my life. It's just weird. Don don't know. I'm all fucked up. Let's get into it. My guest today is a talented actress, writer and director who starred as Anne Perkins in Parks and Recreation. Now you can see her in the new Apple TV plus series Sunny. I'm very excited that she's here today.


I adore her. Rashida Jones. Welcome. The last time we talked to you, and it's no secret, I adore you. Same. And you were on Zoom because it was during Covid times, which we now know was a hoax and Fixed with bleach. Yep. Sonas words, not mine. But. anyway, do We really need the masks? We didn't really Please. Sona. What Were they injecting into our arms, Please. Sona, please. Sona. Okay. Sorry. Sona, please. You're in America now. Okay. We have science here. But you were over Zoom.


And this is one of the things I love doing the podcast, but if it's, if I'm talking to someone over Zoom who I don't care that much about, I'm okay with it. Sometimes I even prefer it. But Rashida Jones. No, no. That cannot happen. That will never happen again. Because You like to reach out and like just grab different parts of my face while we're talking. So, Which is my way of showing affection. Yes. It's your, it's your language Of love. It's my language of love. Yeah. Is to reach out and just grab a woman's face. Yeah. Which is I think the most erotic part of the body. A nose, An upper cheek. I've always found to be, I have a, we've talked about this, but I have a brother Neil, who always will be watching TV and he'll always point out a part of like, there'll be a woman on the news talking.


He'll be like, the nape of her neck is just quite lovely. Ew. Ew. Neil. The nap of a neck. No. Does every Irish person have a brother named Neil? Yeah, I think we do. Okay. Yeah, let's check out. It is court mandated. Okay. That you have a brother named Neil. Even your brother Neil has a brother named Neil. Yes. Who finds other parts we're it's other parts where the wrist meets the ulna bone. What, what are you talking about? It's very creamy right there. I like that. So nice to have you here. So nice to be here. And, and, and you know, we were talking just before we started recording about, I was telling you a story about someone I used to know who would literally, if they were thinking that their, that someone was sending them bad energy, they would break up the field in front of their face and toss the bad energy away while you were talking to them.


It looked like they were grabbing a gnat out of the air, shaking it, like dice and tossing it to the side. And this was, you know, when I first came out to La And I was meeting actors, actresses, some people would do things like that. And I was telling you and you were like, I kind of get it. I kind of get it. And I too. Yeah. I think we, I think as women we're more intuitive. Just kidding. I'm not gonna go down that road. But I do think if you're gonna believe in science, I mean energy exchange of energy molecules. It's happening all the time. I mean that's, it's basic physics. Like doesn't it? I don't know about don don't know about somebody's boyfriend interfering with your line of vision. But I do think that, like there's vibes. I believe in vibes. I do think strongly.


Yes. I do. I do think there's gotta be something to that. Yes. But the boyfriend was not present, right? No. The boyfriend just like he was right here. Yeah. Oh, he wasn't? No, No, no, no. Yeah, the boyfriend came out of a manhole and No, this was someone who was just talking to me and then suddenly interrupted. No, I get it. And gathered up the bad forces and tossed to the side. And. I was a little surprised. And then she said, oh, I think I'm getting some bad energy from my ex-boyfriend who was like in Portland. We were in LA And so I thought, okay, I'm from Boston. We cover our faces when someone's actually punching us in the face. You know, like that's what we reserve that for. Which happens a lot in my Case. But now you're in California, baby. Yeah.


We cover our faces for different reasons. Bad Sona. Energy. Bad energy. Energy. Covid. Alleged Covid. Alleged Covid. I'm very happy you're here. I think the whole room is elevated by your presence because you have great energy proving the Point. Yeah, it's true. Proving the point. I I agree with it. I mean it's, and she probably heard, like, I think that when your ear ringing, someone's thinking about you. So I believe in that stuff. I believe in the evil eye. I think that all that stuff works. What's the Evil eye? My my ear rings all the time. Does that mean somebody's always thinking about me? Yes. I have And. It's someone in this room, chronic only one of you. Five. I've Been staring at you.


I think about Rashida all the time. And Liza's always coming into a room and I'm just focusing really hard. She's like, what are you doing? I'm like, I'm thinking about Rashida The only constant in your life. Liza's totally cool with it. She's like, well, Rashida's cool. That's, she gets it. Whatcha gonna do. You know what's funny? I know also, just before we went on mic, I was mentioning good friend of mine for a long time, Lisa Kudrow. And I'm told that you did her show, which is, who do you think you are? Yeah, I did it and had not a great experience. Not anyone's fault. Wait, Why? Well, because Lisa's show that she executive produces, they, they, they take people of note and they find out their lineage.


And so they, Lisa said, oh, we're gonna find out so much fascinating stuff about your lineage and who you are. And I said don, don't think so. I just don't think so. I think we were just people that stole horses in Ireland. And Lisa was like, don't be ridiculous. You're being crazy. No, no. Look at you self-deprecating Conan. No, no, no. So they took my saliva and they ran it through the machines. And I heard nothing for like six months to the point where I called Lisa and she went Insecure about your DNA. That's amazing. And she said, you've been linked to like nine crimes. No, no. I'm kidding. She, no. She said, yeah, there's nothing.


Oh my God. And I said nothing. I mean, no. Great, great, great, great, great, great grand nephew of Charlemagne or you know, everyone's kind of related to Napoleon or somebody. No, I'm related to no one. Wow. They went back about I think nine generations. And then I was just related to rocks. Not even stone edge though. That is fascinating though. And, and not good Rocks. Rocks that like Yeah. Pouring rocks. Yeah. Propped up an outhouse. It's A little tilty. That is a bad experience. Yeah. And so there was nothing. There was nothing there. There was no, but you found out some cool stuff. I did. But let me just say to to that point, maybe that's because you really are like a one of a kind.


You should feel better about yourself because you're, you stand on your own. Mm. That's like the ultimate anti nepo baby find, right? Like, no, you're the only reason you're here. Right. There was, there's just nothing back there. And so I will, and the way I willed myself into being That's right. And I. And this is a terrible insult to my brothers and sisters who are lovely people, but I willed myself into being they had to be born. Right. Does that make any sense? Are you calling yourself like a Christ figure? Yes. No, they were born of my mother. but I just, I was just This, you were born of rocks. I was of Rock Born a a two mossy rocks hit each other. Oh. And then there was like some weird friction.


And then just this angry energy you Are describing your sex life. Two mossy Rocks. Oh my God. Don't get me, don't get me all excited. Oh my God. I just watch mo mossy rock videos all the time. Oh God. Mossy rocks rubbing up against each other. And I. Get all. But what Did you find out. Oh God. I I I had a super intense experience. I, that's what I thought you were gonna say is that you had a super intense experience where I, you know, I don't know if I'd ever do this now, but 20, 15, 20 years ago, it felt appropriate for somebody to say, You, don't know where you're going, but just pack clothes for cold weather. I would ne I don't know if I'd ever do that now. Right. That sounds like a lot to ask.


Right. So I packed some clothes. We went to Ireland. We, we started in New York, then we went to Ireland and then I ended up in Latvia, which is where my family's from. And we kind of never Which Side of your family? My mother's side. Okay. So my dad is obsessed with genealogy and he's done so much research on his own for decades. So we actually know a lot about our family history on my dad's side. And it's, it's pretty wild because it's like a mix of a lot of different things. Like we have kind of on our like enslaved side, we have like some stuff with owners and they had babies. And so we have like a lot of like royalty and American presidents in our lineage from that side.


Oh my God. Okay. And so they tried to follow my dad's path a little bit, hit a dead end with one man named Henry Dixon who arrived on the shore somewhere in the south. And then they started to track my mom's side. And. it took a year. It took a really long time because a lot, you know, everybody thinks they're from like Russia. That's it. It was like the Russian empire. And, and that's as much as we knew. But we also suspected, my mom's mom's maiden name was Benson and we thought she changed it 'cause she's Jewish and we thought she just was like trying to fit in to like, you know, new, new World America when they moved here. Turns out we're Benson's forever and ever and ever. That's interesting. From Latvia from a little town called Ice Putta, Latvia that I visited, which was like decimated during the war.


They just like killed everybody. And then my entire family was just like, this is, it's so dark, but just literally lined up in a pit with 40,000 other Jews and Riga and just shot one by one by one. Oh everybody. So like the only line left in my family is my great-great-grandfather and all of his kids. So it just goes like, and then that's it. That's the only lineage left is there. And. I. I mean it was shocking. My mom came with me, which was kind of amazing. And. it was the first time in my life that I was like, oh I have to have a kid. Yeah. I was that it like made me wanna have a kid because I felt some huge imperative, some responsibility being like black and Jewish.


Like I'm barely here. You know, there's so many reasons not for me to not be here and I'm here And. it felt like I had to, you know, continue that lineage. Like I felt like a strong pole from the ancestors. Yes. Talk about energy. Nuts. Your mom. Nuts. You know, its interesting 'cause your mom, Peggy Lipton, the iconic blonde that everyone was in love with in like the late sixties, early seventies, Lipton just sounds like such a waspy name. Lip. Shits. Lip. It was lip shits. Oh yeah. Okay. Okay. Not it was lip when my great-grandfather came to Ellis Island. Lipitz. Yeah. Lipton is better for tv. I think so.


And tea. Yeah. And tea and tea. You more that Lipitz tea. Take the Lipitz plunge. I did. Oh God. Ah David. As you know, I just went to Paris. You did? Yeah. With my family. And we had a blast. Yeah. but I gotta tell you something. We were staying in a hotel. It was a fine hotel, but you come in and outta the hotel, you know, and the guy at the door, you know, tips his cap, And, I, bow And. it just starts to feel like I'm a tourist, you know? Sure. With the bowing. Yeah. Just the whole thing.


Yeah. You know, miss you, did you get the, the croissant we put under your pillow? Know, it's like, well don't put a croissant under a pillow. It gets all crushed And flaky. That's a little weird. Yeah.


And I was thinking, Hey, wait a minute. Last summer. Do you remember this? My daughter wanted to go to this music festival. Oh yeah. Outside lands. Yeah. We got an Airbnb in San Francisco. It was just felt so comfortable. And, I thought, oh, I, I should have done that in Europe. We could have got an Airbnb. Yeah. Stayed at some nice apartment. Yeah. You know, I like that feeling, that relaxed feeling. It is nice. You're living like a Parisian or wherever you are. If you're in Belgium or you're, you're living like a Belgian, it's nice. It'll make you a whole new person I think. I think it would And I think it would make me and everyone would say like, look at that French guy coming out of his pene. Yeah. I'm excited for this new you. I gotta say, these are just some of the reasons I love Airbnb and well, don don't know. I think our listeners should stay tuned to hear more about my potential summer travels.


There's nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you. Check this out. That's nice. Whether you're going on a weekend getaway to the mountains, or let's say you're on a dream vacation, or in my case a work trip to Thailand. It's just fantastic. Let me explain. It starts the moment you take off with free in-flight wifi. So you can stream your favorite show on the go. I mean that's incredible. That is actually pretty sweet. I love that. I mean that's insane. I'm always there with my credit card. You know, I can't figure it out. I lose the credit card. Yeah. The phone is stolen. Someone punches me. You start crying. I cry a lot when you land T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands and an upgrade to Hilton Honors Silver Plus you're covered with five gigabytes. Five gigabytes. That's more than four of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with the go 5G plus or next plans. These are just a few of the perks that feel like big wins when you travel with T-Mobile And. it, it's nice to stay connected to your family. I travel a lot, I do these travel shows. And if I'm filming another country I know I can get to my family right away. Yeah. They usually don't wanna speak to me. But they have to. They Screen your calls a lot, don't they? I suspect them of screening. Yes. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel today. Qualifying plan required wifi were available on select US Airlines registration and Hilton Honors membership required for Hilton Honors Silver terms and Conditions apply


Sona. You know I'm quite the Grill master. Yeah. You Have your own apron and everything. I do. Yeah. Yeah. It says the Grill Master is at work. but you know what the point is, you gotta keep it simple. Don't get too fancy. Okay. You know? Yeah. And you know what I like about Miller Lite? What? They keep it simple All. right. Un debatable quality taste as great as your barbecue. Oh, here's the thing about Miller Light. And I was thinking about it last night. And I couldn't sleep. It's the beer that strips away most everything you don't need and holds onto what matters most. That's good. That's Miller Light. The light beer with the most tastes less filling only 96 calories. It's the original light beer since 1975. Mm. Say it with me. That's the year the Red Sox won the pennant. A perfect companion for Grill Masters across the United States of America. Yeah. I'm grilling and sometimes I have a Miller Light with me. I'm grill along. I'm still cooking, but I'm taking little sips. Yeah, Your bros are there. You're grilling some chops for your bros. I love chops for my bros. And you know what, sometimes I say it's chops for my C chops just 'cause it's too cha sounds And sometimes afterwards we do the Chacha with Miller Light in hand. Grilling doesn't just taste great. It tastes like Miller time to get Miller Light delivered right to your door. Hello. Do we live in heaven? Visit Miller lite.com/ Conan or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories for 12 ounces.


You had this interesting experience like, because you're, you're growing up and obviously your dad, Quincy Jones, this powerhouse in the music industry. Legendary person. And then your mom had been this, you know, incredibly iconic figure who then stepped out and said, I'm, I'm stepping away from this world. Yeah. Very consciously. Yeah. And were you aware that like, oh, I'm just what my mom was doing before. Do you know when you were Yeah, we knew. We knew for sure. 'cause you're too young to be a Yeah. Been watching Mod Squad. Yeah. We, we, no, we were not around And. I mean. We knew that she had had this like big thing but I think she just, you know, I think she was really young and she was really famous really fast.


And there was three networks and everybody watched the Mod Squad. So everybody knew who she was. Yeah. And my mom was kind of shy. Yeah. So I think it just was not, did not suit her. Yeah. She was like, no. Whoa. No. And then when she fell in love with my dad, I think it like contextualized her life in a way where she was like, oh, this is what I want. It's like a family and a home and you know, good friends and to keep things small like this. She wasn't that person who was like seeking everybody else's approval and attention all the time. You know? And Then I wouldn't know what that's like. No I know. That's why I'm explaining it to you. So she didn't want that. She didn't have a travel show. No. What about podcast guests? She's not Go visit fans at their houses.


I don't buy it. She was playing some kind of long con. Definitely. This was just a way to draw us in more. That's Hilarious. I remember when she came to Twin Peaks And, it was like a huge deal. Yeah. 'cause She came Back, Peggy back lip came back. She came back and she was amazing. Yeah. Looked just, I mean, incredible. Yeah. And she was back. And Don. Don't know where you would've been at that point. You still would've been a kid. I think I was in high school. I was just thinking the other day actually. 'cause I was looking at my graduation pictures and she was my age when I was graduating high school and when she was doing Twin Peaks. Yep. Which I'm like, because she looked so young. And I. Remember her being so young. And I'm like, but I don't. Why don't I feel as young as well as the way I perceived her to be.


Yes. She probably didn't, she probably felt tired just like me. Yeah. But, But yeah. I, it's like, it's mind blowing to think that that's, that's where she was in her life. And she had two teenage kids and was like, let me go back to this thing. You know? Anyway, everybody makes life choices and then you end up sort of in the same place. I guess What I remember, 'cause I was in my twenties, I think I was working on Saturday Night Live when Twin Peaks came out. And I. Remember turning on the TV and watching with my girlfriend at the time. Twin Peaks. And I cannot explain to any young person today because we're constantly being bombarded with edgy, cool television on all the streaming platforms and everything. But this show came on that was unlike anything you had ever seen before.


And when the first, when the pilot episode ended, everybody's face fell off. Yeah. He was watching it. It was nuts. And. it was a just an obsession. And then I remembered I was working at SNL, Kyle McLaughlin came on and they did a sketch about Twin Peaks, I remember. And they needed someone, they needed a guard to be holding Chris Farley in the background. So they always did this. For some reason. I look like a guy who should be doing something on television, but no one knew what the fuck what, so Lauren was always Lauren or Jim Downey was always saying, just put the costume on Conan and just have him. So I'm standing there, don don't think I even have a line. I'm just holding onto Chris Farley in the background of this twin Peak sketch. But it changed everything.


Yeah. But you know, TV was a certain thing and then this show came and you saw what a TV show could be. Yeah. How weird it could be. It was so weird. It was so original. I was, it was scary. Too obsessed. It was so scary. I was, this is probably not appropriate for a teenager in high school, but I was so scared of Bob. Yeah. I would check my bed every night. My mom is on the show. I know it's fake. And I'm, I saw him, I remember going to set and seeing him walk by on set and like, it felt like everything slowed down right when he walked by. Right. And then eventually, by the way, in my twenties when I went to the premiere of the movie Fire Walk With Me, I saw Bob still don't know his real name. Something Silva. I, I went to go introduce myself.


'cause I was like, I, this is ridiculous. Yeah. I'm an adult. I need to get over it. And he was so nice. And he Said, I was under your bed. He said, I am a, I'm a Murr By the way. I was under there. You were right to be scared. I didn't do anything. but I was under there. He was a set dresser. That's, he was a set dresser, four twin Peaks. And, and David Lynch saw him on camera was like, there we go. There's our guy. That's guy. There's there's the guy. Yeah. But it. but I, what I was gonna say is kids now they, maybe they don't understand, but I think they do. Like kids, kids now give Twin Peaks it's flowers or what, however they say it, they really love Twin Peaks. Yes. because there, there still isn't really anything like it. It's so authentically weirdo.


Yes. In a way that like ma people try to manufacture now, now. But it's like, it's David Lynch Yes. tv. Which is not like any TV. And when he did it, there was just nothing like it. No And I Remember just being electrified. You'd wait for the next and you had to wait. Yeah. You had to wait. Yeah. I mean, I know there were still shows where you have to wait. But this was quite uncommon Yeah. At the time. Yeah. And all of us, it's all, any of us thought about me too. I was living in New York and watching Twin Peaks and Me Too. My mom wouldn't tell me anything. She had to like sign like some NDA every time she got a new script and she would not tell me anything. You know, you have that going on. You also have, I mean, last time we were on the podcast, we talked a lot about the documentary you did, which I think was lovely and spectacular about your dad.


Quincy, that's the title of the documentary. That's not me having the gall to call your dad Quincy. You can, You can, you can He would insist actually. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, how's Quincy? Yeah. Hey, how's Q doing? Tell him C wants to know. Doesn't Have the same ring. Don don't think. No, it doesn't. It really doesn't. Your sons have more like a disease. Yeah. Tell him. Tell him the big C says high cancer. Oh No. But I think one of the coolest parts in that documentary that just blows my mind is when Frank Sinatra's on some TV show and he calls, you had the footage. He calls your dad out and says, by the way, this is the best arranger, producer, music genius. I know.


Let's get him out here. Quincy Jones, And I thought just such a stunning moment. Yeah. You know? Yeah. And I don't know he was a champion. Frank was his, his champion. They really loved each other a lot. And, and also it's in the documentary, but there was so much racism at the time. And Frank had a lot of power. Yes. And he used it to change things 'cause they wouldn't let the band stay at the casinos they were playing at. And he was like, I'm not playing my band's not staying here. I'm not playing. Yeah. You know, pretty cool. Absolutely incredible. Yeah. That's, were you interested in music for that reason? I know that music's a big part of your life. Yeah. Obviously. but I also think you got very interested in religion. I think you studied reli, Did.


you study religion In college. In college. Yeah. I did. That's Fascinating. Would you, was there a certain religion you were drawn to? Or Did you find yourself like bopping around between different religions? I bopped a little bit. I mean, I grew up like culturally Jewish. My mom's Jewish. And then I spent a lot of time, my mom took us to it Medi a Hindu meditation ashram. Oh. So I spent a lot of time there as a kid and lived in India for a little bit. But then I was like really into Buddhism. I, I was in a church choir. I was kind of all over the place. Yeah. I just liked the, the ritual of religion I thought was really cool. I grew up very Catholic, but, and so there's a lot of rules and obviously guilt and things like that.


And then later on, just in my life when I've just in living in LA and trying to be open to different things and you, you're exposed to things like Buddhism, I think, oh my God, this is fantastic. Yeah. This is amazing. There's Another way, There's another way to look at it. I don't have to necessarily hate myself. Right. But that might just be You. But No, but I know. And then other people say, no, you. No, you should. Everyone should. You really should. No, no, No. That was such an unconvincing news. I don't believe it. I'm not buying it. You were talking about how Twin Peaks got its flowers or It was a really nice thing has happened with Parks and Recreation, which was always a great show.


And something happened where And I think it's a nice part of this world we live in where people have access to these shows. It used to be when a show was over, it would slip beneath the waves and that was it. And sometimes the show occasionally would be shown in reruns and become popular. But Parks and Recreation has just bloomed really in such a lovely way because it, you know, few people know And I think a lot of young people today wouldn't know that Parks and Recreation was kind of on the bubble a bit at NBC the Whole time. Yeah. Not even a bit. Every single season. We were like, this is it. They're not gonna want us back. At one point we were canceled and then the president of NBC got off the plane and changed his mind was like, eh, don't cancel it yet, I guess.


Yeah. It was, it was not, it wasn't really a, it wasn't a thing at all. Like I think critics really championed it. And there was a couple, like Sipen Wall, Alan Sipen Wall was like our guy. He was like right from the beginning. Very generous and, and nice about the show. But no, it was like ratings. Remember remember when you used to look at ratings? I do every morning? I do like the overnights. I do. Yeah. Yeah. And like the weekly ratings and your niece, your Nielsen and your share and all this stuff. Like, we never succeeded there. Like we were never, there was like, like, you know, we'd kind of get something a little better. We'd get a bump from like a don don't know some other show in front of us or something. But the whole time we were just kind of like holding on for dear life.


Like hoping we got to do more. Which is probably part of why it was so good. Right. Because we, there was no, there was no like stardom. We, it wasn't infiltrated by any outside, you know, feelings about us. Like, people kind of liked us if they knew who we were. And besides that we just like had fun together. You know, And it is, it's nice the rewriting, but I'm like, but I need people to understand because I think it's sort of like, it's kind of iconic now. It's like one of those like yes great comedies of that time, which is so awesome. But we didn't feel that way. And actually like, I think it was five years ago, we went to the Dolby and we did a 10th year, a 10th anniversary thing where we all came out, the whole cast and the reception was so it was, I felt like the Beatles like, it was so nuts.


People were screaming all that. We were all crying. 'cause we could, we had never been in a room where anybody cared. We were there as a crew. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like together. It was so wild. I saw that happen once. 'cause I know that you were a comedy nerd for things like CTV. Yes. And SNL. And when you were, when you were growing up, SCTV was, you know, a huge influence on me. Oh, this show made in Toronto, you know, Catherine O'Hara and John Candy and Marty Short and, you know, Eugene, Eugene, Eugene Levy, and Joe Flaherty. And the list goes on and on and on. These just these amazing performers. And they did such a smart sketch show that in so many ways was so much more.


It had all these levels that SNL could never have. SNL was great, but then there was this show that could get to all these different levels. So they did a reunion and I'm a huge SCTV fanatic, so they asked me to, to do it. And this is back in the nineties. And they asked me to go to Aspen. And so I'm there with all these people that I had never met before. I go out on stage with them, And I, start interviewing them, and we start showing clips and there's this giant crowd there that's just exploding with laughter. And they're all looking at each other. And they said, we've never seen people laugh at this. Right. Because they made it, it was a show that didn't have a studio audience. They made it, they constructed it. Right. And then they put it on tv.


Right. And there are all these people that revered it, but I don't think they knew that. Right. So they had that same feeling. Yeah. And. it was just, I was, I think I'm, you know, also crying I don tear up easy. but I, I was very emotional that they were having what they should have had. Yeah. You know? Yeah. At the beginning. Totally. But sometimes, you know, great things take a while to discover. Yes. And I. I, I have to have faith in that because in this weird business, we make things and people don't care. Or there's too much on TV or nobody's seen it. And then somebody says to you like in a mall somewhere 15 years later, that thing changed my life. And that's kind of, that's, that's that's the reason to do it, you know? Yep, yep. I always try and boil it down to make stuff that you like and put it out there.


And then sometimes you get a ping back. Sometimes you hear nothing. Sometimes you get something back. But it's 15 years later. Yeah. But that's not our job. Right, right. This is the Buddhist side of me now. Yes. Our job is just to like, Put it out there, put It out there, and then see what happens. Yeah. And then hopefully somebody loves you for it one day, Day. Yeah. We'll see. But really it's about the money. Yeah. Oh, you know, monetize it. Good. You into podcasting. I'm sorry. Actually, actually, yeah. No, it's, to me it's about money and more specifically real estate. Oh God. Because real estate can always be converted into cash. You, you know, you have a guest to talk to. Right. Who's here? Rashida Jones. Oh shit. I love her. She's fantastic. Just, just turn Rashida 15 degrees.


Oh, oh, Rashida. So you have property, right? You're putting some of it into property because It's, if I don't do, I have to leave. Feels the show eventually gets to property. It would be great if this podcast morphed into, we start talking about creative stuff. And then it always got back to What land do you have? Are you renting it? I see your Zillow page. Yeah. Flipping Property. Yeah. Florida not a good idea. Taxes low though. No, no Taxes. Very good. Very good. No, what's happening? It's, yeah, it was a joke. And then it wasn't, You've always had, you said something in some interview that I really connected with, which is you always sought out funny people, comedy writers, people that you could riff with.


And I always thought, yeah, I understand that. It's it, someone else might say, who was cynical might say, oh, you're a network. And it's like, no, I, I just, it's such a gift to be around, to be surround yourself with really funny people. Yeah. And just make that your life. Make that your environment Well also, 'cause it makes you feel funny. I mean, it's a little selfish too. And by the way, it's, it didn't, it didn't not help. I mean, it's, it was good to know, you know, my comedy friends in college, you know this, this feeling like they under like, they understand you in a way that maybe when you go in for an audition, just randomly no. They're not gonna really understand the depth of what you're able to do. But if you have a friend who's a writer, who's on the other side of it, IE Mike Sure.


Who, you know, I was friends with since freshman year. He can, you know, although he, he made it really hard to get both parts on the office in Parks and Rec. I Wish. I didn't have a friend on the inside. He Made it harder. He Made it harder. He's like, he's like, fair guy. He's so fair. You know, he might a show about being the good places is about fair. Yes. And Also Right and wrong. Also, he wrote a whole book on ethics. That's what I'm saying. He's he's been that guy forever. Yeah's fair, Mike, knock it off. He's so just, just Yes, yes. Stop it. Yeah. Stop being so ethical. He does kind of wear it on his sleeve a little bit. What's he hiding? What's he hiding? What's he hiding? What's The pie? Yeah. He's the kind of guy who is like, well let's make sure everyone gets an equal slice of pie.


Ugh. And my attitude is, I've been on TV the longest. I have the most property. Yeah. Me the pizza. I should get half the pie. Hey, maybe all the pie and you guys can go fuck Yourself. Oh my God. Yeah. I'm sorry. Rash. I'm glad you weren't my boss. Trust Mike's the best. Mike's the best. He's great. Yes. We we're doing it. We're doing a fun, we're doing a, we're Doing best. He said he listens to this podcast. Oh, he does? Yeah. Oh yeah. Make sure you're a monster. I love you. Pretend to be ethical. I love you so much. Oh look, sure. The mics say Sure. Oh Wow. Well that's Just, he's here with us. Yeah. Sorry. Promo for the mics that Oh, sure. It's not felt like that Did you say. Sure. But they say, they say Sure. But. anyway, the point is he for the most part did not give me parts.


I. Wish he did. but I think he saw the thing in me that he knows has existed since I was 18 years old. So it's not just about what I'm doing in, on that day as an audition. Like he can kind of understand the, the fullness of me in a way that I think is like nice And. it does help. It did, it did help me. But yes, I like to be surrounded by funny people. I often play the straight guy. That's okay. I don't mind. Well, you know, I like it. The straight person in the history of show business, I'll say the straight man. 'cause that's what he was called for a long time in Vaudeville. And in the movies, the Straight Man was actually considered much more important because they held the straight person. So their names always came first it was Abbott and Castello.


Wow. It was Martin and Lewis. It was, you know, it just, the straight person really was the person who was in charge of the whole act and made it all work because of their reactions. And then the other, the, the wacky person was often less valued. Right. So Interesting. Things have changed to me. To me it's huge though. How much being a good straight person is absolutely crucial. You have to have an anchor. Yes. If not, it's just a bunch of people jumping off the walls. Yeah. Like I think Parks had some combination of like goofy and straight the whole time. Well, Everyone could switch Off. Everybody got to be Yes. All of it. It was the nice thing about it. Eventually after six years too, like maybe year one I was like straight, straight, straight.


But by year four I was like, pretty goofy. I wanna talk about this project that you're working on because it's a very cool idea. And this is something where you're wearing, you're in, you're in the show, you're also producing the show. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Sonny. It's a, it's a fascinating idea. Do you wanna lay out the idea Because you haven't seen it? I No, I have not. I have not Seen Oh, I didn't get to send it. You I didn't get to see it. Didn't, no one sent it to me. No, no, no. No one said don don't. So And I watched the whole thing. Yeah. Weird Did you. No, no, no kidding. I'll say I'll you guys. Yeah. No, they, they always, if there's a tape that I'm allowed to watch And I say tape to show old I am don don't, I don't think they respect podcasters.


That's the feeling I had. No, I got, I got nothing. I got nothing. Wow. but I wanna see it because it sounds fantastic. Yeah. It's, it's a very odd, very original. And it's a, it's kind of a mystery thriller set in the near future in Japan. And it's about a woman me who has, is grieving the, the loss or potential loss of her husband and son were on a plane crash and she doesn't know what happened. And in the aftermath of the P plane crash, she sent what is considered a home bot, which is a little robot, a cute little robot that she finds out was designed by her husband.


I think I can say that. Yeah. Yeah. It's in the trailer. His electronics robotic company. Yes. Or Yeah. Produced this little thing. Yeah. For me to keep me company and help me grieve. And here's what's interesting to me about it, because your character lives in Kyoto. And what fascinated me about it is that, I actually did a, a piece on this when I was in Japan. You can rent a family because there's a, an issue in Japanese culture with people being lonely. Yeah. What they decided to do is say, you can rent a family. So I did a travel segment where I went to Japan and went to the agency. And I rented. I said, I'm in Japan for literally like seven days.


Six days. but I want a wife. I want a, a teenage daughter. And. I want a father. And the person this was, they were all like, yes. And so they got me these people who did not really speak English. Oh my God. And so I started confronting my quote father, about issues that I have with my real father. And guess what? It helped, I had all this closure Because he couldn't talk back. That's why. Exactly. Yeah. But He was like, he couldn't understand you. He Was white haired and really handsome. The woman who signed on to be my wife, she, she, and it's not her real daughter, it's also an actress or someone who's been trained to be the teenage daughter.


The teenage daughter. I'm doing my shtick and my jokes. At one point I say something to the daughter and the daughter turns to the mother, and in Japanese says, I don't understand what he's saying. And the mother says, in Japanese not understanding that we can translate all this and put it under the screen. He's making jokes, just laugh. And she says, she says, but I don't get them. And the, and the wife says, it doesn't matter. And It's that, that feels like somewhat emblematic of a, that's like a moment in your career. Right? Does that happen any your time? That's a moment. That's a moment in my family life. Yeah. Or my, doesn't matter. Just laugh.


They're not even funny. My Wife is just like, look, he's a good earner. Just good Earner. A good earner. But There is, I always think a good idea has an element of truth in it. And when I heard about this idea, And I, guess it's based on a, an Irish writer wrote this. It's Colin O'Sullivan. It's a dark idea, but it's also a funny idea that you would have a constellation robot. Yeah. If you've experienced a loss. That's one thing. But I'm thinking it would have all these applications, And it will exist. Yeah. Would have all these implications for people like us in show business to just be like, good one. Conan. Totally. You know, you're so funny.


No. Yeah. And the robot does think I'm hilarious. You're beloved. And. I, And I. And my character hates it. You know? Which is kind of funny too. 'cause I bet you would, you would hate it if you actually, no, No. I'd be like, this fucking robot gets it. Finally, finally. Somebody's smart. I'm a robot. I was hired just to do this for him. You Guys aren't even real. Right. And you Don't No. So all these learned quickly. All these two do is shit on me. Yeah. And your robots that were don don't know. The programming got backwards or something. You broke our programming. We can't even do what we're supposed to do. Yeah. Well, I screwed up somewhere. I, I actually think perversely, I like the other, I like, That's what I'm saying.


Yeah, that's right. You wanna be ragged on. Yeah. Yeah. I know. I think that's a human nature. But yeah, this, I mean, this is expressly weird because once the robot shows up, my life gets really dangerous. And like, people want things for me and And, I don't know what, and I'm not even sure I can trust her. So, like, that's the other thing is like, you know, we're talking about AI and the imperfections of ai. Like, you can train something to be, become sentient, to grow and learn really fast. But then what? Right. Like, what does she, does she have her own thing that she wants to do that don don't know? Might put me in danger. Are you, when it comes to something like ai, I'm curious to get your take.


Are you optimistic or very pessimistic? I'm a little bit like, I guess I would say agnostic about this, because it is what it is. Yeah. Like, it's here. Exactly. It's, it's an inevitability. Yes. Yes. We're, we're here. It's not like it's coming. It's already here. Right. And, I. Like, to me, it's, it's hilarious, ironic that I think AI was created at, at the pace and the, the, the sort of compulsion that it was, because the people who make it are so obsessed with what it means to be human. Yeah. That they're trying to replicate it somewhere else. So that to me is like, oh, oh. Like we're, it's like we're kind of missing the point, which is like, instead of like really drilling down on that With each other, we're just like, you know, you know, training and creating, you know, data sets and stuff somewhere else.


Yes. So that we can don don't know, like, know more about ourselves. It doesn't really make that much sense to me, but it's here. I think there's obviously gonna be tons of applications that are positive. Yeah. And tons that are tons that are negative. I mean, look at the internet. I'm, I'm, I'm sort of like a, a Luddite in that way. Like, I think there's so much destruction that's come from social media. Yes. Mainly the monetization of behavior and like the, the meddling with the way people interact, With each other, I think is so dangerous because we're so susceptible. Yeah. Like we are built to be susceptible. Yes. You know, we want to connect With each other so badly that we'll kind of believe anything to do it. So I think AI could potentially do that to us too.


but I will say, like, working with this little robot, or like, even when I did the Muppet movie, like it was so quickly that I was like having full conversations with Fozzie. Yes. And not the, not the puppet performer. Yes. Like, it's very, very quickly you start to believe these things have a soul. Yeah. You know, like a voice and an expression and a couple little, like, you know, head tilts and like a touch of your wrist, and all of a sudden you're like, oh, you're so sweet. And I care for you. But that's an but that's an artist making that happen. Totally. See, and that's what I think, I think Totally. There's still a person making that. We'll see though. Yeah. We're gonna find out. don don't know. What I keep going back to is that it's the job of humanity, artistic people to whatever comes along.


What I completely agree with is it's here. There's no putting it back into a, you know, Pandora's box and shutting it, nailing it. Shut. No, that's not gonna happen. It's here. So then it's a challenge to artists everywhere to push beyond. Right. That may sound like naive, but I always think when, you know, and this analogy I think has been made by other people. But when photography came along Right, And, I mean, it was a big thing for anyone who painted to make portraits. That was like, totally, that was a huge piece of the revenue. And suddenly they're like, we're good. And so then we get all this impressionism, expressionism, cubism.


It's just always the job of humans. If the technology challenges us for us to rise above, that's where I am with it. Rise above. And to integrate. Yeah. I mean, sound in movies changed everything. Like, every single time we have some advancement in technology, we do have to change as artists. And like, I think young people younger than us don't understand the tension where we feel like our pure thing that we do is somehow at odds with the technology that's available. Yes. They're just like, awesome. Let me take that and extrapolate and interpolate and like, you know, do a bunch of stuff with it. So it is gonna be one of those things like, we're gonna have to become friends with it. Yeah. Because it's gonna be how we have to make what we make and hopefully better.


Yeah. don don't know. When you talk about being a Luddite, being someone who's not that comfortable with technology, I'm definitely that way. I've, I'm a pen and paper guy. When I go on the computer, it's either Sona standing behind me and or my Grandpa, the return button. I don't understand. Power on, power on. So I have like an uneasy relationship with it. but I but I think the thing that I dislike the most about the last 25 years is that A, I've aged terribly and B No, I won't. No, no, no. Trust Me. No, you're cute. You're for, you're forever crushed. No, that's, Please. You are. No, you'll see.


No, you'll see when I'll See. You'll see. What is that I know what that mean? What does that mean? It means that when I take my headset off, this is gonna fall apart. You're just gonna Dorian Gray in 20 seconds. Yeah. Yeah. I'm like, What, Is It on Game of Thrones. Oh, Me, Alessandra me Alessandra. Where once you leave, right? I retreat to another room. Right. And you're like, And. I. And suddenly I just And I have low hanging what we call Dougs. That's a Shri. Low hanging What? Low hanging. That's what she malandra on Game of Thrones when she, she's beautiful. And then she takes up who's Queen? Who's calling them Doug? Who's Doug? Don't look at me, don't look At me. I'm not in this with you. Like the poets back.


The classic poets, they called Them Dougs. Dougs, DUGS. Look at cult, look at us. Just talk about people's dogs. Triple Ds is like, I'm gonna say either TS Elliot or one of the great poets. Yes. It's a term for an old woman's man with wrinkled Ds. Yes. Wow. Means like a man or a woman with, with rest. And. I'm only calling them Dougs from now on. But it's not Google search. But I think it's a's Not a compliment. Ig it's getting like a t But it not a compliment. Tg It's not a compliment. I know, but I'm gonna be like, but I'm gonna turn it into a compliment. Okay. Well, I just want all of our listeners to know that's the word of the day. Dougs, Dougs, Doug. If someone's breasts are really hanging down, man or woman, go like, you got some shrivel. Dougs there Such say, Hey, nice.


Dougs Doesn't work that that's what I'm doing. No, that's what I'm doing. You're changing It. And if someone says, where that come from? Go, Hey man, Ezra pound. TS Elliot, get with it. Yeah. And then you're cool. And then you're cool. Anyway, here's the part that I was trying to say that I don't like about the last 20 years before we got off onto shrivel dogs is that I'm saying shrivel dogs. Shrivel dogs. Anyway, what I'm gonna say is that I think we have found, they found a way to game humans. And they realize that humans naturally are attracted to and compelled by conflict. I think we kind of always knew that, which is why we like movies where things blow up and there's a bad guy and a good guy, but they've gone hyper with it. So that everything, including the news has to be people shouting at each other.


Yeah. All reality shows have to be people shouting at each other. There has to be, you know, if we were doing this right, I'd constantly be angry at Matt. Matt would constantly be angry at me. Yeah. Well, I know, but you know, you wouldn't, you are, but you have to, you know, you know, tamp it down. Right. but I guess my point is, that's the part where I think I've, I've seen it infect comedy. Mm. Where a lot of comedians, they, they just wanna say things that piss people off, or they wanna rail against this or rail against that. And, I think that can be fine until we're losing our sense of like, is this funny? Yeah. Is this something that makes me laugh? Is this come from, Or also we lo we're losing sight of what real conflict is. Yeah. Yes. 'cause everything is conflicted now.


Right. And like, our fight, fight or flight is like, is so often being incited that it's like, you know, your whatever cortisol you're like dumping that you're supposed to use to like run away from a lion or a tiger and go hide in a cave for two months, like all day long. Every day people are like, cortisol, cortisol, I'm die. I'm gonna die. I'm gonna die somebody. I'm in trouble. Like, yeah. Like things are, the world's gonna end all day long every day. Yes. So you're so you become so desensitized when like, you're actually supposed to care about something and something's a real conflict, you know? Yes. Yes. It's, it's very strange. And also that it's all intentional that the people who are building these platforms know that they Know it and Yeah. And they're buying into it and they want to modify our behavior.


They want us to keep coming back and engaging. And the way to do that is to keep us in conflict. And like we're, I mean, everybody's mad at each other right now. They should be mad at the people who built these platforms. Yeah. This is not, this is not, to me, this is not what like free speech and technology can do at its best. Like I know. Everybody's like, but we're connected. Like, are we No I know Kind. Like, we're not connected. Well, I was at some Silicon Valley event, I wanna say maybe eight years ago. And afterwards I'm talking to a lot of these Silicon Valley big wigs, you know, billionaires who are in their twenties and early thirties. And they were one, one of them said to me like, well, you know, we're doing, we're just making the world a better place. Mm. And I said, no, you are making the world a different place.


Exactly. But I don't know And. then we got into it because they didn't like that. Good, Good. I'm glad. Glad You did. But then they gave me a billion dollars. And, I, you Shut up and you just shut up on This spot. I said, you're making the world a better place. And I, can we have some? No, no. I use, I bought land with it. Oh man. Yeah. The land. I have all of Connecticut. Really? And then underwater, I own everything underwater off. You know, You don gotta pay us for this, right? What's that? You, we don't get paid for this. Oh, I know it's a volunteer thing. That's a bad deal for you, man. I know. You gotta look out for yourself. Where are they gonna, where are they gonna go? True. I got nothing else going on. It's an Apple TV plus series called Sunny And. I have not seen it yet. I can't wait to see it. 'cause it's a very cool idea.


But also, I'm just, I said it before. I'll say it again. I adore you. You are so funny. You're so smart. You're Jesus Christ. You're I'm Jesus Christ. Yeah. I know. Congratulations. What? No, no. Congratulations. I'm accepting that title. No, you didn't let me finish. Jesus Christ. Comma, you're Rashida Jones. Okay. And that's a pretty cool thing to be. Okay. I think I'm more of the Jesus figure here. Oh Man. Ruining thing kind of rose from the dead when you think about it. What? Oh, I had a bad cold last week. Oh, Now I'm fun. Anyway, please, I, I loved having you here and please come back. So nice to be here anytime. I Would love to. So funny. And you're also in the neighborhood, so come by some time and have lunch with us.


Yeah. And you'll pay, I guess, Is this, is this a real offer? Yeah. We, I, we will take you out to lunch. Really nice. Yeah, we'll go to Great White, right down the streets. I love Great white. Yeah. Awesome. And I'm all hooked up there. Are you meaning if I go there, And, I Wait long enough. They let me in. I know. They don't throw you out. That's my definition of hooked up. If I get there early, put my name down and wait for a really long time. Half the time I get in, I'm hooked up. Anyway, thank you so much for Being here. Thank you. It was fun. Thank you. Thanks you guys.


David, as you know, I just went to Paris. You did? Yeah. With my family. And we had a blast. Yeah. but I gotta tell you something. We were staying in a hotel. It was a fine hotel, but you come in and outta the hotel, you know, and the guy at the door, you know, tips his cap, And, I, bow, And. it just starts to feel like I'm a tourist, you know? Sure. With the bowing. Yeah. Just the whole thing. Yeah. And, you know, miss, you, did you get the, the croissant we put under your pillow? Know, it's like, well, don't put a croissant under a pillow. But it all. I was crushed And fla flaky. That's a little weird. Yeah. And I was thinking, Hey, wait a minute. Last summer. Do you remember this? My daughter wanted to go to this music festival. Oh yeah. Outside lands. Yeah. We got an Airbnb in San Francisco. It was just felt so comfortable. Yeah. And I thought, oh, I, I should have done that in Europe. We could have got an Airbnb. Yeah. Stayed at some nice apartment. Yeah. You know, I like that feeling, that relaxed feeling that it is nice. You're living like a Parisian or wherever you are. If you're in Belgium or you're, you're living like a Belgian, it's nice. It'll make you a whole new person, I think. Well, I think it would And I think it would make me and everyone would say, like, look at that French guy coming out of his penoni. Yeah. I'm excited for this new you. I gotta say, these are just some of the reasons I love Airbnb and, well, don don't know. I think our listeners should stay tuned to hear more about my potential Summer travels.


This message is brought to you by BetterHelp. I think a big problem I think accentuated by social media is that we all compare ourselves to other people. Yeah. Social media may make it look like someone else doesn't have any problems or their, their life is pretty easy. And, I, think as an old saying, comparison is the thief of joy. Yeah. It's easy to envy other people's lives. It might look like everybody, you know, has their lives together based on their Instagram, but in reality, they probably don't. Therapy can help you focus on what you want instead of what others have. So you can start living your best life. I've made an effort. Every time they take a picture of me, I try and look a little bit sad. Aw. Just to try and communicate to people. It's complicated. I'm a happy person. Yeah. But it's complicated. Yeah. You know, I've had my struggles. We all have. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. And that's huge. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Conan today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/ Conan.


Rhubarb rhubarb rhubarb walla walla Rhubarb Walla Walla. Testing, testing. I'm, I'm trying to have a human moment. Yeah, don't, you're not good at those. The, the room's in an uproar right now. Eduardo, will you explain what you were saying? Yeah, so I recently went to Vegas and you know, I was at the craps table. Did, you have a problem or anything? No. No. Would you like one? No, but this was, this is one of your regular activities is you go to Vegas and you, you play craps, I, Wish. I did it a little more regular, but yes, I do like to roll D and So. anyway, so I'm sitting there and you know, you get to, if you're there long enough, you get to talk to the, you know, dealers and if you have a big enough problem, you get to talk to the Dealer. So are they dealers or are they crews? They're Dealers.


The, the, the person sitting at the center is called a stick man. Oh, insert joke code. No, I'm not gonna do a joke about that. A dick joke stick. No, no, I would never do that. No, no stick. You just, although they're in high school and they called me the stick man. Okay, There You go. No. 'cause I had a stick shift car. Oh. So Anyways, penis was nothing like a stick. It's all smooshed more like A leaf. Yeah. Come on. You know, it's like a crushed peanut shell. Anyway, let's get on with it. So. Anyway, so chitchatting with the, with the, one of the dealers, you know, They, you know what? They love it when people come and just chit chat with them. They must love you. Yeah. Yeah. He, he was cool. Cool dude. Okay. Anyways, so he ended up asking me what I do for a living. And I said, I work in podcasting.


And then he goes, oh, do you work on any funny ones? And I said, yeah, I work on Conan O'Brien needs a friend. He goes, Conan, I love Sona Conan. I love Soda. You know what? I'm happy for you Soda. No you're not. I Am. I, no, I really Am. I could see it in your face. You're thinking of something right now. No, I'm Not. Yeah. I'm just Sun's bubbling. No, I'm, I I'm happy for you. I'm happy that you finally got a win. You finally got a double, finally Got a win, But no So. anyway. That's nice. I like it. That's nice that people are out there listening. Yeah. I thought it was cool. Yeah. Which led me to my next point. Speaking of the w Right, exactly. So at the Win, SiriusXM has just acquired a studio there.


And I thought it would be a good exercise for us, you know, to take a little field trip and maybe check out the studio. Go record. Oh, do a trip to Vegas. Do record, record an episode or two of Conan O'Brien. Pizza Of Friends. Yeah. There plenty of ax on the strip. I'm sure you can, you know, talk to anyone of Carrot Top. I would. Jeff Dun. We could get Jeff Dunham. Can we please Go and take you guys to a club and then record it? Oh God, please. At a table. What do you mean? I want a table. What kind of club? What do you mean? What kind of club? What kind of club? Just Say a strip club. Not a strip club. No. Like, like a one where they get dressed. Yes. They don't what? Huh? You think the opposite of a strip club is where people put clothes on? They put more Clothes on. Yeah. No, but you know, it's a, it's a club.


It starts, they play sexy music and people come in moderately dressed like they're, they're dressed for like late summer. And then as the music plays, they put on more and more clothing until they're wearing several parkas. Yeah. It's decidedly unsexy music today. No And it. No. And the, the music they play is take some sugar off me. Oh my God. Take some sugar off me. You know what I see on second thought? I just heard that all the clubs are closed. No, you don't wanna party with these two guys. Listen, So. anyway, Sona and Eduardo. I wanna, I wanna give you guys, I wanna give them a little rope to let this play out. Huh? So what you're saying is, if I get this right, we go to the Win. They have a Sirius XM studio there.


Yeah. And maybe we do an episode or two of Con O'Brien needs a friend from the win. Right. Now, the idea I, I'm guessing what interests you about this is you get to hang and chat up your favorite. I'm looking for a free stay At Vegas I know. But you but I, remember this very clearly from the early years of my dealings with Sona, she would come back from a weekend and she, she looked bedraggled and Bit Vegas and And I would say, what's up? And you said bit drag. And you said, me and my crew. You, you and your gang. Yeah. Just, and you said we did a Vegas U-turn.


Right. And explain what a U-turn is. A U-turn. I, I think we've talked about this before, right? Yeah. We have what a U-turn is in the beginning of the evening, you and your friends or, well, not in the evening, but you drive to Vegas, you don't have a hotel or anything. Right. You party all night. Yep. And then in the morning, you know, you get like some Dennys or whatever, and then you just drive back. I think what I remember is the details that you changed clothing in the car In a, in a parking lot. Yeah. In a parking lot. In a parking structure. Parking structure. Okay. An aristocrat. Oh, I see. We went to one of those clubs you were talking about where we go and we change into our Clothes. So, but what I'm saying is this would not be a U-turn. What I'm, I'm I know that we've discussed that before. can Can't handle a U-turn.


Well, I can handle a U-turn or You cannot handle a U-turn. Oh, I, I did. I listen, you forget that. I come from Humble means I drove out in a shitty car with Greg and Rob LaZebnik and we went and Rodman and we went to, we went to Vegas. This is back in the mid eighties. I did not know this. We Stayed in the old Vegas where literally the, the buildings were built in like the forties. Yeah. Yeah. It was those all gone. Yeah. This was back in the day. Anyw who I remembered saying someone needs to tear all this down, but And I said that to the owners. Oh. And so, okay. I don don't know. don don't know what to I think about this. I don't know. Does it, does, do we get good people to come on the podcast?


Of Course. In Vegas. Yeah. Yeah. I think, I mean, Adele is there, right? Oh, Bruno Mars has, Bruno Mars is there. I mean, that's those, that's fun. What About them? Thunder from down under guys? I've seen that. There's the sphere. That new venue, the Sphere. Oh, you know, it'd be so funny us doing this in the sphere and, and so it's just all these insane projections all around us in three dimensions and holograms and we're just, just sitting here going, yeah. I don't know who, who, that guy's a big dick. I'd love to, I'd love to do a clueless gamer in the sphere and Oh, that'd be great. See, you just eat shit on like a, like Yeah.


Just, you can't turn left. Like it's Just, I can't turn left. And, I just playing and just, I'm sitting there with some nerd and no, I, I, I don't know. I have to say Vegas is not, you could say Vegas is my kryptonite. Yeah. Meaning there's not Me too. I don't, I don't gamble. It's not like I just want to hit a bar. I, I, it's, it's not a lot of stuff that I like to do. Hmm. Now to be fair, I've never seen a show in Vegas. Lemme Also say the culinary experience is different now. It's true. I'm listening. If you love to eat, there's great restaurants. Oh, I've heard that. It's A big foodie town now. Yes. It, I If their cocktails all a little like just day glow. No, No. Some of the best really cocktails.


Now you Appreciate this. Listen, You, don't have to get mad at me Minute. Hey, I just wait a minute. I'm suspicious. Ed Edward, I've never seen Eduardo this animated about anything. And that includes the time we talked about soccer or as he calls it, fruitful. And I've given him a, a signed messy jersey and he was excited, but he's more excited about, yeah, we can go to the win. Vegas has it all. And I'm thinking he's getting paid. Do you Know, do you get the feeling he's in great debt and he has to Actually get you there to save his Ass? I think that his nice chat with the craps guy was more or less the guy saying like, you know, Hey Tony, get over here. Yeah. Let see your fingers. We gotta break this guy's legs.


And he went, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys. I know Conan I know Conan. Do you know Sona? Yeah. I know Sona. All, right? All. right. So we know Sona, what are you gonna do? What are you gonna do? You're gonna get him back here and we're gonna do a show and we're gonna spend a lot of money and you're gonna get Conan and it's gonna be great. Alright? You've got 24 hours and Conan will open for Sona, right? Yeah. Conan opens. Keep it short. He seems kind of needy. But then Sona comes in and Hey, would Sona do well? Would she play one of the big rooms? Oh, you bet she would. Hey, help, Help her brother out. All, right? All, Right. Oh my God. This is the second, by the way, Vegas employee.


That's true. A big fan of yours. This is your place. Yeah. Yeah. Like, you know the waiter that I I had when I went and now this guy also, you've got Two people in Vegas who like it. Yes. Two people in Vegas. Well, listen, Eduardo, I don't want you to get killed. I don't want you, I don't think they would kill you. I. do think they'd smash your fingers and your legs. That's fair. And so we'll help you out. We'll get to Vegas. Great. Okay. I'll book it. I. do think It's fun. Okay, well, I know you're gonna have a good time. Time and also a great time. Maybe a little break from the kids, if you know what I mean. What do you mean? I mean, you've made it very clear that you love your children, love 'em, but they're destroying you. Oh yeah. And maybe hate 'em at the same time. 24. Yeah. That's, that's called parenthood. So 24, 36 hours in Vegas. Yes. I'm In massages When?


Yeah. Okay. Oh, massage. Can we do a U-turn tonight? Well, I don't. Eduardo I think is the one who's in Dutch it. He's the needs to happen. Okay. All. right. It's a done deal. We'll go to Vegas. I'll figure it out. Yeah, daddy will figure it out. Yay. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sian and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sacks, Nick Leo and Jeff Ross at Team Coco and Colin Anderson and Cody Fisher at Earwolf Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer.


Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Conn. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan? Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded,


Look at your cup holder, it's empty, and you're feeling thirsty. Head to a nearby convenience store and fill it with a Pepsi Zero Sugar Mountain Dew or Starry. Grab a delicious, refreshing Pepsi for the road Napa.


Give your engine the attention it deserves. With the advanced formulation of Napa full synthetic engine oil, it delivers faster oil flow for superior temperature protection in the harshest conditions. Defends against sludge and buildup while keeping your engine running cleaner, longer, and improves fuel efficiency by reducing friction helping you stay at peak performance Mile after mile. Try Napa full synthetic engine oil today. Available now at Napa locations nationwide. Napa.