
Aruba isn't just a tropical island. It's mother nature showing off. It really is. Yeah. It's, I'm sick of people saying Aruba Tropical Island. No, it's more than that. I'm passionate about this. The desert climate means beaches and cacti. That means more than one cactus. It's like the ocean. And the desert had a perfect baby. The weather always perfect. Sunny skies, cooling breezes. No JibJabs, no JB jbs Aruba's got postcard worthy white sand beaches like Eagle Beach just named TripAdvisor's. Best Beach of 2025. Oh, snap. Can you snap that any better? You don't think you can? Plus, Aruba's got over a hundred nationalities. A hundred nationalities. It's like the un incredible cuisine. Local. So friendly. I wonder if they're confusing you for someone important. I'm telling you, when you go to Aruba, you feel like a king and or queen. Show Aruba some love. And Aruba will love you right back. Plan your next trip@aruba.com.


Sona, wouldn't you say that life is full of personal wins? I would Conan. Thanks, Sona. Whether it's cleaning your house, getting that dream car, or checking off your to do list, winning at life is a great feeling. I'm pretty good at winning at life, aren't I, Sona? All right. Are you okay? Keep moving. State Farm helps you win by helping you create an affordable price just for you. Doesn't that sound like a win, Sona? That I like An affordable price just for Me. Yes, you do. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on ratings, Plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer. Availability Amounts of discounts and savings and eligibility buried by state. That's my low voice.


Hello, my name is Ron Chernow, and I feel very, very warmly about anyone who has won the Mark Twain Award for American Humor. Oh, wow. Including our friend Conan O'Brien. So nice. It's a delight to be here. Thank you very much. Yeah. Back to school friends. Hello and welcome to Conan O'Brien Needs a friend.


This is kind of a special episode. You probably know I'm a huge history buff, and I have read every single book that this gentleman has written. I believe if he has another book out there, he might have written a Nancy Drew Mystery that I'm unaware of. But other than that, I think I have read all of his books. His latest is a Joy. My guest, of course, is a Pulitzer Prize winning author, and his latest biography, mark Twain, is out now. And Twain, in my opinion, is more relevant at this moment than ever before. And we need Twain.


And I'm just thrilled that this gentleman is here today and that he's written this magnificent book. Ron Chernow. Welcome. I saw in your, your, your resume, Conan, that you had studied history at Harvard, and I had studied literature at jail. So you were in training for my career, and I was in training for your career. Career. I know we wanna switch history done. You wanna trade, you wanna trade. Sure. You've done, You know, I've noticed something, which is there's a, and other people have pointed it out as well, that you have written this string of spectacular biographies.


And I congratulate you on the Mark Twain. I read all I believe 1200 pages of, of this book and was enthralled. I love it. And I learned so much about Twain that I didn't know because you're, you've unearthed some amazing stuff about the man and to see his life. I mean, it's very hard to contain this guy's life. And I think you have managed to do that brilliantly. Thank you. Thank you. But I was looking at your work, 'cause I believe I have read all of your books, which I can't say to to many people, Judy Bloom, but, But it's you and Judy Bloom. But there's an interesting, there's an interesting path to the order in which you wrote, because you start out and you write about JP Morgan, and it's great Gilded Age industrialist, which then got you interested and, and, and wet your appetite for your next book, which is Rockefeller, which then got you interested in finance.


And you, you think, I'll go back to the beginning, the source who's running finance in America at the very beginning. Well, Hamilton, you write that book, and I know your plan all along was for it to be a, a musical with a lot of rap. Yeah. People like, You know, people always say to me at events, Mr. Cher, now, did you imagine as you were writing the book, that it was going to end up as a hip hop musical? And I always say, I think the question answers itself. Yes. There is a real, I I'm sure you've seen it, but there's an amazing tape of Lin Manuel Miranda. He's been invited to the White House to perform his latest work. This is obviously a bunch of years ago, 15 years ago or so, he's invited to the White House, to the Obama White House to perform his latest work.


And he gets up to the microphone and he says, I'm now gonna perform this. The, the, You know, president Obama and the first lady there and all these assembled people at the White House. And he says, I'm gonna perform my latest work. It's a musical about Alexander Hamilton. Huge laugh. Exactly. Huge laugh. And he goes, hold on, hold on, hold on. No, no, no, I'm serious. But it sounded so absurd to people. And then of course, it became one of the Most, no, in fact, You know, with with that song, a few months earlier, he had come to my brownstone in Brooklyn Heights, and he's sat on my couch and he started snapping his fingers and he did the opening number of the, of, of the song.


And when he finished, he said, what do you think? I said, well, you've taken the first 40 minutes, first 40 pages of my book, and you've condensed it into a four minute song. And I said, that's rather amazing, You know, but what I was thinking, and I didn't say to him, I said, this is kind of embarrassing that it took me 40 pages to say, But this guy, You know, has done the four minutes. And then a few months later, he said, You know, go on YouTube. I performed it at the White House. You know, so I, yeah. You know, there he is not only performing it at the White House, but he got a standing ovation from Barack and Michelle Obama. And I thought to myself, I'm really strapped to a rocket with this guy. He is written one song in the show, and he's already performed it at the White House and gotten the standing ovation from the president.


And First Lady, I loved when I went to see the play on Broadway, and it's the, in the initial run I went into, and it's the hottest ticket in town. And I go to see it, and I walk into the lobby and prominently displayed, is your biography, Hamilton by Ron Chernow is right there. And it's like, You know, it's so, it's what any historian would dream of. Do You know what I mean? That, that, and I know you would are disappointed that your book on Grant did not become a hip musical. But Hamilton leads to Washington, Washington leads to Grant, and I mentioned this to you out in the hallway.


I love the grant biography because the most shocking thing to me that I had never appreciated before about Grant. And I, I, I thought I knew about these guys. He goes to West Point, he serves in fights in Mexico, You know, he's in the, in the Mexican American war. And he's tries his hand at business and it's really not going well for him. And this is, and the Civil War is approaching, but as the Civil War is almost upon us, he is carrying and delivering firewood, like chopping it and delivering it to people in the cold to make enough money to put food on his family's table.


And then he decides to go sign up for the war. And the period of time between him chopping wood and carrying it around to people's homes door to door, and him being the most celebrated general in the biggest war in the history of the world, is about two years Insane. No, it's the most, it's insane. Yeah. And, You know, and then two years later, he's, so he is the next to Lincoln and he is the most famous man in America. Absolutely. You know, one of the things that attracted me to the grand story was that I felt that all the people that I had written about up until that point were kind of built for success. I mean, You know, you read about the early years of Alexander Hamilton, his a focus at discipline and drive intelligence.


You know, if he didn't do what, You know, he ended up doing, he would've succeeded Yes. At, at, at something. Whereas Washington, a very impressive guy, even had the revolution, revolutionary War not come along, he's still a very impressive, capable. Yeah. And even John d Rockefeller, when he's, You know, a, a young clerk on the Cleveland Docs, he said, I was after something big. Whereas, You know, 5,000 pages into Ulysses S Grand, you'll figure this guy's gonna end up a footnote in history at at at best. And so I was attracted to the idea of writing about failure. I had written about so much success. And after all, as we all know, life is much more about failure. Oh.


For most of us. You know, then, then success. And so, You know, with with with Grant, suddenly the Civil War comes along. He had West Point, he'd been in the Mexican War, he stood out all this military law in his head. But he's working in his father's leather good store in Galena, Illinois, where he is working as a clerk junior to his two younger brothers. You can imagine how that felt. The war breaks out. There's a tremendous shortage, particularly in the north of, You know, trained officers. And he suddenly meshes with his historical moment, You know? Yeah. And then he rises and rises and rises. But he's almost 40 at that point. He could easily have ended up living a life of total, You know, ob obscurity instead.


And I think this is one of the things that inspired a lot of people reading the, the story. You know, we all feel that we have something special inside of us, if only the right set of circumstances, You know, happens. And Grant is kind of the greatest example of it. He is. It's, it's, it's, if you saw it in a movie, you'd say, well, we gotta fix that part. Because there's, I mean, the fact that you have him chopping wood and delivering it door to door and maybe getting a nickel for his trouble, and him saying, thank you, thank you very much. Yeah. And moving onto the next house. And then he's a celebrated war hero two years later in the most consequential, You know, war of that century, if I can say that.


It, it's, it's, It's astounding. It's absolutely astounding. Today we're here to talk about Mark Twain. You've written, I've, I've been waiting for this book because I am, You know, I've made my life in humor for better or worse. And Twain is the American humorist. And he comes from this era that fascinates me. And I was saying this to someone the other day, Twain has been turned into kind of an emoji, You know? Yeah. The, the white suit, the cigar, the aphorisms that we see all over the place on coffee mugs and everything. And kind of a lovable, You know Yeah.


Emoji, for lack of a better word. And this book shows you that his, his life is, I mean, it's an epic life. It's an, it's uniquely American life. He does so much. And he travels such a far distance. I don't mean he does it, You know, obviously in miles he circumnavigates the globe. But I mean, just from what he started as and what he became is infinite and it's all in one lifetime. And then he has so many contrasts. And I wanted to talk about some of those. He's born in the south and he identifies as he is a southerner.


Yeah. He is a southerner. And he has as a young, as a kid and as a young man, he has all of the antebellum Southern beliefs. Yeah. I mean, he's born into a slave holding family in the slave owning town, in the slave owning state. Okay. He's born in Hannibal, which is well tucked all the way up into the northeast corner of Missouri. It's right on the Mississippi River. So it's, You know, then and now rather isolated rural area except here is this broad shining, magnificent waterway that's kind of bringing once or twice a day, You know, the world through Hannibal, You know, and pouring off those Steamboats might be circus players, it might be traveling salesman, and it might be a minstrel show, whatever.


He sees the whole world passing through him. And it kind of begins to give him an intimation of a wider world. But you're right. I mean, going through his letters, You know, when he's a, a teenager, not only statements kind of crude and racist about, You know, blacks, but Chinese, I mean, you name it. Yeah. And this man grows an inconceivable amount in the course of his life, You know, from growing up in this, You know, small town backwater, and he has all the prejudices, You know Yeah. Of the general environment. And he becomes so much more enlightened and tolerant. A Figure. Well, I, I try to touch on this in the, You know, you get to give quick remarks at the end of, at the Twain Prize, and I tried to touch on this, which is by the end of his life, his views have evolved so much.


And he is living in this age of imperialism. He's living this age when Americans are getting really excited about, You know, we're gonna pretty much control the Caribbean. We're gonna take over the Philippines. We're gonna, we, we take the Sandwich Islands, it's, we're gonna take Hawaii, we're gonna expand. And Twain is saying, I don't like this. And it's very unpopular. And he's very much against all the 19th century racism towards Chinese. He's very progressive. He has a lot of views that are completely evolved from how he grew up. Yeah. You know, it's, it's interesting because see fairly early on becomes America's most popular and beloved humorist.


And he recognizes that it's something of a trap. He's always afraid of kind of alienating his readers, particularly alienating his Southern readers. 'cause he had very, very strong, You know, views on not just politics, religion, and a lot of other things. But as his life goes on, I really feel by the end of his life, he's become the conscience of American society. Yeah. You know, that he's dared to articulate all of those things that he was afraid to say. And I think that part of his power is, he says things that all of us are thinking, but won't say out loud. And you mentioned, You know, his views on imperialism, because at the beginning of the Spanish American War, he's actually very much on the side of the, the us. He feels that we're defending these, You know, Cuban rebels against their Spanish overlords.


And we take over the Philippines and he, again, idealistically imagines that we're going to liberate, You know, rather than subjugate the Philippine people. And he gets up at a dinner in New York. He was very often the Toast Master. Yeah, yeah. He was kind of the perfect person to host a, a banquet. And he gets up there and he says that our soldiers in the Philippines are marching with disgraced muskets under a polluted flag. Well, we all know, 'cause we've all lived through wars. We know how difficult it is to criticize your own government in your own country during a war. During a war. Yeah. And people in the audience gasped. In fact, another, You know, one of the organizers of this event immediately rushed up to the podium and said, no, our soldiers are not, You know, marching with disgrace, muskets under a polluted flag.


And, You know, increasingly as he goes on, he's willing to take the heat, he's willing to make the enemies. And one of the interesting things, one of many interesting things, things about doing this book is we all like to think as people get older, they become more mellow in their views. Twain becomes more rabid Yeah. In his rage. And he is not only taking, taking on America, the Philippines, he's writing pamphlets against the, the Russian czar. He is writing pamphlets against King Leopold, the second of Belgium for his behavior in the Congo free state. He's against municipal corruption in New York. He's writing pamphlets, defending the Jews. He's speaking out in favor of women's suffrage, et cetera, et cetera.


'cause also his, was it called, he wrote a, a article or pamphlet in the United States of Lynch dom, was it? Was it Yes. And he was taking on topics no one wanted to talk about Yeah. Lynching in, in, in the Jim Crow South. And he would talk about it. Yeah. That was actually, You know, on so many things. He became outspoken. That was one where he finally drew back, because originally he, he was collecting a lot of clippings about lynchings in the United States, including in his own town of Hannibal. And he had originally planned and proposed to his publisher that he was gonna do a history of lynching in the United States.


He ends up writing an essay, the United States of Lynching, which unfortunately did not get published during his lifetime. Yeah. Was published 13 years after he died. And You know, what he writes is that he, he tries to analyze the psychology of Lynch Schwab's. And he says that it's really just kind of a few sadistic individuals who are instigating the crowd. And he says that most of the people are cowards Yeah. Who are coerced into it. I don't know if that's true. I say in the book, actually, when you look at photos of a lot of lynchings, it seems like there are a lot of smiling faces Yeah. You know, of whites in, in, in the crowd that turned out to, that was kind of one topic that was a bridge, You know, too far Yeah.


For him to, to, to do it. But I do think he was preface, I mean, he was looking ahead to, I think he'd be aghast at the collective thinking of the news media now, the internet, how people love to groupthink, groupthink is, I mean, he's talking about all these things. There's so many places where he's talking about groupthink. He actually has a very interesting assay called Korn Pone Ideas. And what he says, and I keep thinking about this with our own contemporary politics, that we have two sets of ideas. We have our secret and sincere positions on things, and then we have the positions that we take publicly for the sake of our own safety.


You know? Yeah. That he, he, he said, that kind of life makes cowards of us all the need to support our families. We're afraid to Yeah. To voice things. He also felt that, You know, politically, we all like to imagine that we're voicing original ideas. When in fact, he said, You know, 99% of the time we are voicing ideas that we picked up from party leaders, from party organs that were kind of parroting things. We heard. Well, now we have that, we have that. I mean, we have that over and over and over again now with everyone spouts what they s what they just heard on either c Nnn or Fox, or that they saw on the internet. And it becomes their opinion. Twain is talking about so many things that relate to today.


And there's a couple of things that I absolutely fascinated me about this guy, is that you use the words to describe him, glandular and volcanic. There's something driving this guy from an early age that you could almost think would show up on a cat scan as like, oh, I see. There was a, a growth pressing on the occipital lobe in the, You know, there's something going on with this guy that yields him greatness and also terrible folly. He is obsessive, he is nonstop. I've never read about an author who churned out so much.


I mean, when he got writing, he would say, I, I mean, he would just sometimes standing up, sometimes writing at the billiards table, sometimes in his little octagonal writing room. You know, he'd churn out, You know, chapter after chapter after chapter and go on these streaks of writing that he, when he turns it on, when it hits him, he's doing that till the end of his life. I mean, he's so prolific to an almost crazy degree, that would be enough. But he is also, he's traveling as pretty much the world's first standup com. Not the world's first, but as standup comic as we would know it today. Yeah. He's a very much in demand speaker. Yeah.


He's traveling everywhere. He's also getting into insane moneymaking schemes. Mark Twain, he, he has a idea for a, like a board game. It's the Mark Twain memory game. He has ideas for a, a book that self-paced for when you put in clippings, all of them bomb. And the sad thing is he really gets involved in this printing press, this sable type press that he thinks the page press that he thinks is gonna revolutionize the world. And he ruins not only his fortune, but his wife's inherited fortune. They lose everything on this idea. And he can't let it go like a gambler in Vegas. And so he is so good at seeing the flaws in other people.


He's so good at seeing the vanity in other people. And then he goes off and does the stupidest things you can imagine. Like, again, again, you just think he's, he's driven. He can't stop himself for in, in good ways and in bad ways.


Although Sweet James billboards are everywhere, You know, everywhere I drive I see. I see them all over. They're everywhere. I've crashed into a few of them. They're hard to avoid. That's, and then I call Sweet James. Yeah. That works out. No, I, it sounds like I'm joking around and I probably am. But the work they do is pretty serious. When you're hurt in an accident, insurance companies that promise to protect you will try to deny your claim or pay you the least amount possible. We all know that. Yeah. Sweet James. Accident attorney is a world-class law firm with over 25 years of experience taking on billion dollar insurance companies on behalf of their injured clients and winning. They've recovered over $1.5 billion for injured accident victims with a 98% winning record. That's crazy. It's a high percent. I wish my name was Sweet James. My life would've been different. Sweet Conan. Yeah. Having the right attorney by your side after you've been hurt in a car or a truck or a motorcycle accident can mean the difference between $2,000 and $2 million. Sweet. James have some of the best attorneys in the country. They've been awarded Best Attorneys in America. I mean, I've never won that award. Well, you're not an attorney. I know. That's probably the reason. Yeah. If you're hurt in an accident, call Sweet James at 809,000,809 million or visit sweet james.com.


Man, You know what spring is to me. What? I'm not a poet or anything, but it's a season of renewal and quality rest. That's nice. Yeah. Really good rest. You know, winter's been so cold. It's hard to sleep in all that cold and the wind's howling. Woo. That's wind. Yeah. That's wind and or a ghost. Well, winter's over and so is the excuse to hibernate. If you're gonna emerge from your cocoon, what they're mixing a lot of things here, at least do it well rested A new mattress could be the boost you need to face. Spring and Mattress Firm can help anyone sleep all night every night. Mattress Firm gets it done. Sun experience quality sleep on a premium mattress. Mattress Firm will find you the right bed with their wide selection of quality mattresses at every price, every single price ever imagined. Mattress Firm carries a curated premium selection of mattresses so you can get the upgrade you want. Sleep is important. Eight hours a night if you can get it. Hmm. Curing sleep. Get matched at mattress firm's Memorial Day sale and sleep at night. Text Conan to 7 6 6 6 9 3 for $100 off your next purchase at Mattress Firm restrictions. Apply to you Mattress Firm dot com or store for details.


This episode of Conan O'Brien needs a friend is brought to you by McDonald's. All new mc crispy strips. Mm hmm. New mc, crispy strips are here. I've been waiting. I've been waiting patiently. Yeah, you have. And then just the other day, the Tom Crya came down the street and said, here, here you, the new mc, crispy strips are here. It's chicken made for dipping tender juicy white meat chicken with the golden brown peppery breading it's chicken. So good. It deserves its own sauce. The creamy chili mc crispy strip dip. Say that nine times fast. We'll get arrested. A sauce that's creamy, savory, and sweet with a little heat. But it works with any of their sauces, You know? Yeah. No Mc crispy strips with a new creamy chili mc crispy strip dip. Oh my God. They're trying to get me. But they didn't. It's McChicken made for dipping. I've lost my mind.


He writes a letter at one point to his family. He says they have to move, move, move. Exclamation point. And there is something driving him. I mean, one of many contradictions of Mark Twain is he always described himself as lazy. But, You know, we know Tom and Huck in the Mississippi. He published two dozen books in his lifetime, somewhere between one and 2000 magazine articles. Filled up 50 notebooks, gave thousands of interviews, gave thousands of speeches. And I of course had to go through, You know, all of this. And so, and he was very aware of his own nature. He said, my emotions veer from one extreme to another. Yeah.


So Would you suspect, I mean, today, today someone would say, you need to go see a psychopharm psycho pharmacologist. I mean, most great men in history would probably be told you, you need to be on Prozac. Yeah. We maybe let's put a little lithium in your coffee. You know, let's do something. Yeah. And I mean, there was, it was interesting because there were a lot of characteristics. He was, You know, he claimed that he was lazy, but then he would go through kind of this hyper-focused period. He could be very scattered and disorganized, particularly before he met his wife, who really cleaned up his act. Livy people. Yeah. Livy, You know, people would walk into his room and there would be, You know, scraps of writing everywhere there'd be, You know, pipes and cigars everywhere.


It would be complete mess. I did de describe this to a s psychiatrist friend who immediately said, You know what? Attention deficit disorder. I try not to use contemporary. Right. Psychological language. It seems inappropriate to project that, You know, back onto the past. No, but there's something like that, You know, that's clearly going on. But I got very fascinated by the, the business investments. In fact, at one point in the book, I said, it was sometimes hard to tell whether Mark Twain was a literary man with business sidelines, or a businessman with literary sidelines that, You know, he said, I have to speculate such being my nature. He admits late in his life after he is lost several fortunes.


He said, I was always the easy prey of the cheap adventurer. And there was something very, very compulsive about the speculation. Yeah. Because the tragedy of the story is, You know, here was a man who made a fortune in the book royalties. He made a fortune in lecture fees. He marries an heiress from upstate New York to A coal Fortune, coal and, and, and rail and timber. They're living in a 25 room mansion in Hartford with six servants. He blows his own fortune. He blows li's inheritance. They're forced to exile to economize in Europe for nine years, because It's cheaper to live in Europe, Cheaper to live in Europe.


But, but still, You know, they're living like in a, You know, 28 room villa in Florence to quote unquote economize. Yeah. You know, they're, they're, they're living in a, There's no Airbnb. There's no Airbnb. And shout out to Airbnb, by the way. You guys do a great job sponsor, You know, then they're living in a very lavish suite of hotel rooms. Yeah. In Vienna. In fact, they go on one trip to, to Europe, and they buy so many objects to beautify their house in Hartford that they come back with like, You know, 12 crates and 25 boxes of things that they were like the original consumers. And Livy was usually the restraining force on Twain's worst excesses.


But she herself was the original, You know, shopper. And she wrote a very beautiful letter to her mother at one point and said, it's terrible how attached we become to material things. So here was, You know, a man, a couple who should have had a lovely placid life, that everything in the world, he had talent. He was making enormous amount of money he had married into an enormous amount of, He's probably the most famous person in America Most, and, and actually the most famous American, You know, in the world. In the world. Yeah. Yeah. But I, You know, particularly in the United States, he was so fascinated that if he walked into a restaurant theater, everyone would stand up and applaud. He was that famous. Well, Instantly, well, it happens.


When does it happen? What's that? When does it happen? Sona call. Sona calls ahead. Okay. I see. I see. And she says, con's gonna be there soon. And You know, you each get $25 hired actors. Yeah. Lots of 'em. Yeah. A Lot of actors. But, so, but You know, it's all, You know, the problems are self-inflicted wounds. Oh. All of it is self-inflicted. Yeah. And he gets, there are these contradictions, which is, he's a southerner who becomes obsessed with living in the north in Hartford among all the most northern liberal elites. Yeah. The, the Tony, the Yankees, the writers. So he does that.


He makes that transformation where he becomes the most northern of northerners. He hated, hated gilded age millionaires, desperately wanted to be one and did everything he could to be wealthy. He had a publishing house, the typesetting machine, these crazy board games. All of it fails. But he's this kind, generous, there's so many stories of his kindness, his generosity, his sweetness of nature. Yet when he decided to turn on you, he forget it. He, he was, his rage knew no bounds. And the language that he used when he decided, I mean, these are people who he said, like, this is the greatest person I've ever met.


This Matt Gourley is the greatest person I've ever met. I love Matt Gorley. I love, You know, he's great. He's my best friend. I love him. He's fantastic. And then, and I've experienced this one little, can we just end here? No, no, no. Just please. You can, you can edit this for yourself. And we clip that out. Yeah. No, no. But then, but then whatever the friend did that he decided was, You know, some kind of breach or lapse or any, he, that snake, that monster that, You know, that lower than low. And he would just, he couldn't, he couldn't contain himself. There was no gray area.


There was no gray area. No, he couldn't, he couldn't get out of his system. You know, when, when, when he was a young writer in San Francisco, he was about the same age as Brett Hart. Remember Brett Har the outcasts of Poker Plaza? Yep. Yep. Who was the celebrity at the time? Who Was, who was the celebrity at the time, and who Mark Twain thought was the most celebrated, maybe the greatest, You know, writer at the time. They became very, very close friends. They later collaborated on a, a play. And Bre Hart was having many difficulties, came and lived in Mark Twain's house in Hartford. He said things about the house that Mark Twain didn't like. He said things about Livy, the wife that Twain didn't like. And, and Mark Twain then turned on him. He would like fall in love with people, and then he would become severely disillusioned so that, You know, he finally says ABR heart.


He never had an idea that he came by. Honestly. Yeah. He said that he, he, he was a man without a country. No, that's too strong a term. He was an invertebrate without a country. Oh. You know, snap Burn. And there was no one, there was no one who was better at put downs than Mark Twain. But, You know, Kurt, one of the things that I could not figure out a about him, we all have these experiences with people. We're we're suddenly disillusioned with them. Yeah. And maybe to tell them off. But when we do tell them off, it gets it out of our system, and then we sort of calm down and we move on with our life. Mark Twain would not let it go. Yeah.


And if you can't let it go, the one who's gonna end up, You know, being victimized by it is not the other person. It's gonna be. Yeah. It's you. It's Carrying it. It was kind of like this wound that he keeps probing again, again, again, I could not figure out, I don't know if any psychiatrist could figure out, I mean, he's late in life. He's very disillusioned with the two most important people working for him. A man named Ralph Ashcroft and a woman named Isabel Lyon, who is his private secretary. When he becomes disillusioned with him, he ends up writing a 400 page manuscript. You know, and he says about Isabel, who had been his unit, He was so close to her. Yeah. And she becomes really important after he loses his wife.


This is someone who cared for him, took care of him. And then he writes this 400 page, She was like this surrogate and wife About how awful she is. Oh, she dis She was a brood. A simple heart isn't a, A Dis, she was an insection was a weapon. It's like Kendrick Lamar of the Yeah. Well, also hated Drake. He also hated Drake, which is your next biography is of Drake. Oh, he can wrap your story. He can wrap your story there. You heard it here first. Ron Chernow 1800 page biography of Drake is gonna drop in a year. But You know what's so funny is if you ask people for the sort of the, the quick concept of what do you Mark Twain again? You think of the mustache, you think of this sweetness, sort of a slouch, grumpy the cigar.


But all these funny, funny, cranky comments. And it can all seem you, You know, Tom Sawyer, Huck Finn gliding down the river. And then you look at later in life, and there's so much tragedy. I mean, they lose this fortune. His, his one daughter Jean has epilepsy. Epilepsy, yeah. And it's, it's terrible. Suzy meningitis when they, when they've left the country. Yeah. She's wandering around their mansion, which is shut down alone. And she has meningitis and she pretty much dies. Almost alone. She's raving. Yeah. While The, while the family is in Europe, it's very tragic.


He, Twain's wife is very sick. He's constantly beset by these money troubles people suing him, trying to get the money back. And he does something that's really stunning. You know, today we live in this world where people declare bankruptcy. They'll give you one penny on the dollar, and then they start another business venture. Yeah. Not naming names here, but, but plenty of people who take advantage of this system, mark Twain. It was very important to Mark Twain and his wife Livy, that when they had to declare bankruptcy, this publishing house collapsed that they had created. And they owed a lot of money. And they swore that they would pay everybody back.


Every single penny. And then at an advanced age, he starts this world tour. And you, I mean, I couldn't, I couldn't do a tour like this. I have tons of energy. I'm a lot healthier and younger. I could not do what he did. He goes, at this time when it was difficult to travel, he goes everywhere. Yeah. In the world to raise the money to pay everybody back. And he didn't have to do that. Yeah. And he's suffering terribly from Carles. I, I I, I mean he just, it it was really grueling for him to do it. But particularly Livy felt that there was this terrible stigma attached to, to bankruptcy.


You know, for her it was a real question of, of honor. Of honor. Yeah. Yeah. And in fact, You know, the eldest daughter Susie, who died at 24 of bacterial meningitis, when they finally paid off the last of the debts, Livy writes that the happiest day that she'd had since her daughter died was the day that they paid off the last of the, of the creditors. In fact, there's an interesting moment. Twain became very good friends with the standard royal mogul named Henry Rogers. And Rogers is kind of running rings around the creditors. He was a very, very shrewd Wall Street operator. He Was helping twain out. Yeah. He was helping twain out and twain, You know, in New York, writes very proudly to Libby, who was then in Paris describing the way that Rogers handled the creditors.


And Libby writes back, she said, I'm upset by the way we're handling the creditors. You know, she really felt that they owed the creditors and they, which should be treating the creditors with much more dignity and, and and respect. But it's an amazing story. 'cause it did take several years to pay you off the debts. But You know what amazed me, Conan. Okay. So he goes through this terrible grueling, it was a 12 or 13 month round the world tour. And then they're living in Vienna. And he discovers that there is this patent for a new process for printing on carpets and textiles and tapestries. After everything he's been through, After everything he's been through, He hears about this new invention.


He hears About this new invention. He goes, he goes to the American consulate and he spends a day reading up on this industry. He's known nothing about this before. After 24 hours, he's convinced that he's the world's leading authority on this. And he writes a letter to his friend Henry Rogers, who is one of the main moguls of standard oil. And he suggests that they buy up the worldwide patents. The advice was, the device was called the Raster. He said, we should buy the worldwide patents for this. He said, people will call it a trust, this global monopoly they will have. But we mustn't mind that, You know, people will talk, but that's okay.


And so he's gone from knowing nothing about this, to suddenly imagining that he's going to be the head of a global Yeah. He, he really monopoly. He wanted to be, You know what, today we would call a billionaire. He wanted to be a billionaire. He wanted to be a financial whiz. Which is so crazy because it's what he loved to make fun of. It's, but it's also what he wanted to be. And the second half of his life, or actually the last couple of acts of his life are the, I mean, to me, he is so disillusioned and so dark. And we think of twain again, I keep coming back to this, that we think of him as this charming, You know, the, the twain you see on stage in one man shows is just this fun scam and rascal and, You know, the old riverboat pilot who's got his stories in the end, he is so dark and he's questioning everything.


Yeah. No, I mean, he says that anyone who's not a pessimist is a damn fool. He actually says there was no life ever worth living. He makes No, life was worth living. It Was worth, was worth living. And he was asked if he would like to live his life all over again. He said, I would like to relive my youth and then drown myself. He, he made this statement that the only gift that God gave to the race was youth. He felt that everything else, You know, after that was bitterness and disappointment. And he's always kind of pining for this lost paradise of his youth. Which is why he wrote so powerfully about Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn, which of course has, You know, much darker tones to it.


But it's, it's, it's a, it's, it's a bit of a paradox because he had this adoring wife. He could not have had a better, You know, wife than, than Livy. And She also, she read everything Twain wrote and would temper him. Maybe not, I mean, but she would remove if she thought, if she thought anything was a little, You know, oh, that's a little racy, or that language is a little, you don't say breaches. That's you're talking about underwear. Let's take that out. I mean, so She was very gentile. She was very gentile, which is a very funny, they were an odd couple in that way. Yeah. But she was a great partner. Yeah. And actually one of the interesting, You know, parts of the, of, of the story is Twain said when they first met that he, Dwayne was a mighty course rough, You know, customer.


And she took this, this man, and she really, 'cause he'd come from this little, You know, backwater town. She made him presentable in polite society. And he really didn't know how to, to do it. She helped him with what we would today called anger management. He had terrible temper. So he would, very often, if he was angry, he would sit down and he would write a very, You know, impetuous note telling somebody off. And she trained him when he did that. Not to send a letter, but to stashed in the drawer and wait a few days. And then when he would cool off, and I can't tell you kind how many letters there are, You know, in his archives where the morning after a dinner party, he would write to someone who'd been at the dinner party.


The madam tells me that I might have been a little brusque and sharp at dinner last night. And I really didn't intend to offend him. In fact, You know, the daughters laughingly called this mother dusting father off, You know? Yeah, yeah. In fact, it reached the point where they had this system of cards at a din table. So a red card flash tube Mark Twain meant, are you gonna monopolize the, that woman sitting on your right the whole time. A a blue card meant are you gonna sit back and not say anything the entire dinner? You know? Yeah. So she's kind of guiding him. These Are soccer penalties. Yeah. These are soccer confusing. We had those cards Conan during these conversations Too.


Easy con wrap it up. Yeah. Yeah. But You know, in fact, he said, because, You know, he said, Livy edited my manuscripts and then she edited me. Yeah. And she kind of really gave him a, a, a life. And, You know, in many ways she was a, a a a long suffering. Why he loses her inheritance. Yeah. Yeah. We have extensive correspondence between them. She never, never threw it in his face. He Apologizes a lot. I mean, he Apologizes. Yeah. Another word I wrote down after, when I was reading the book, I, I wrote down guilt. Yeah. He has so much guilt. Oh, yeah, yeah. You know, today about, You know, he convinces his, his, his brother to become a steamboat captain.


He says, this is a great, I love doing this. Yeah. And there's a, his brother's then killed in an explosion of a Steamboat. And so Twain blames himself, Twain blames himself for so many things. You know, when his daughter dies, he's not there. He's, You know, 'cause he's trying to raise money and because he's lost all the money. So he blames himself for that. And you just think of almost like Marley and Dickens. He's got these chains of guilt that he's sh that he's carrying around with him that go back to early childhood. That, and somehow he's fighting against that. You know? No, you're absolutely, I mean, You know, the saddest one is that he and Libby, their first child was a boy who was named Langdon, which was, You know, her maiden name.


And Langdon died at 18 months. And what happened was that they were at the Langdon, You know, place in Meyer in New York. In one chilly morning in May, they went out driving and Twain felt that he had not wrapped the baby up and enough in this chilly weather. And they came back and, and, and the baby had a cold. But then the baby recovered and they went to Hartford. And after they went to Hartford, the baby died of diptheria. Mark Twain told William Dean Howells, who is his closest still literary friend, he said, I killed Langdon. He was convinced that that ride in the carriage when It was emphatically not that Emphatically in that case.


Yeah. In fact, his, his sister-in-law Ukraine afterwards said, You know, they left El Meyer and went to Hartford 'cause the baby was better. The baby was, was fine. So he had this tendency to flagellate himself, You know, and take responsibility. And it was really kind of crazy, You know, what happened with Susie, the eldest daughter, that he was not, You know, there at the time that had just come back from this round the world tour. There was no cure for meningitis at the time. You know, his being there would not really have helped matters. And in fact, she was sort of delirious and raving. And It's really, I mean, it's Shakespeare and she's one Yeah. He's built this massive house, which is, by the way, you can go see it.


Yeah. It's still there. It's beautiful. And it's absolutely beautiful. Kind of almost garrish. It's like this insane, it's, it, it, someone said, it looks like it's a steamboat or cross Between a steamboat and a cuckoo clock. Yeah. It's, but, but I mean, you would go crazy for it. It's the kind of thing you and I would tour and go crazy for. And, and it's not a little, it's not unlike Theodore Roosevelt's house in Oyster Bay. This just big long thing that people built back then. Massive, huge ceilings, lots of flourishes, lots of different colored stone and brick. Yeah. But that was their joy. I think they lived there for 17 years.


17 years. That's right. And then they have to leave it 'cause they can't afford to live there. They banish themselves to Europe. And then of course she's there at some point alone, wandering around, dying, going from room to room. And all the furniture is covered up with blankets. And you're just like, oh my God. This is, I mean, the sadness that he endures in the later part of his life, it's just like a boxer being hit over and over and over again. And then he, yeah. It's, it's interesting. You know, 'cause he is, he, he's, he's a novelist and I think that he himself becomes a character, perhaps greater than any of his creations. I think the life he lives is a story actually more dramatic than any that he created.


And it's, it's full of light and shadow because it's full of literary triumphs to to be sure. Full of personal calamities. And You know, I, I haven't had a chance to tell you how, just how much I loved your speech that you gave for the Mark Twain Award. Oh, thank 'cause I think that I was so glad, just the tone of it. Because Mark Twain was much more than just a humorist. He was, he was a sage, he was a moralist, he was conscience, he was an activist conscience. You know, he was a conscience of the person. I think that, You know, you really touched on that, You know, very, very Exactly. But it's interesting 'cause we know Mark Twain as a humorist, and we tend to think of him with the white suit and the, the segar.


But Mark Twain said a couple of things about life. He said, life is a tragedy with comedy distributed here and there only to heighten and magnify the pain by Contract. Unbelievable. Yeah. Yeah. And then he also said that life is a fever dream with sweetness and bittered by sorrow and pleasure. Poisoned by pain. I know you're all gonna go off and jump off a bridge after, You know, tell you these comments that he, he, oh, it's, it's, he made, You know, it's, I mean, It's so funny 'cause the, you, you have this quote and this, I, I underlined a few things in the book.


'cause the, it's the, it's this later parts that really got to me at the end of his life, he's pretty much saying, I didn't do any of this. This was not, You know, you, you can't think of a more self-made man. Yeah. There's Lincoln, there's twain, there's a couple of like great self-made people Yeah. Who just comes from absolute, You know, nothing and, and is this force of nature. And you think, well, he really made himself and at the end of his life he's saying, I, it was just impulses, urges. I just did things and now here I am, and now my life's over. And it all meant nothing. I mean, that's kind of his philosophy. You said this here in his work, he thought he bravely said what he knew to be true, but hadn't dared to voice that the mind is a machine that we mistake instinct for original thought that free will is a farce.


That our lives are predetermined by outside forces, and that all acts are selfishly motivated. It's funny, that struck a chord with me because in the last couple of years I've had this thought that's just been rattling around my head where people have said, Hey, You know, you've, You know, you, you've been around for a while and you've done some cool things. And I think I didn't do any of it. I don't know why the fuck, sorry for the language, but Sona does the writing. I've heard the language. I'm so fucking sorry. Oh, please, Mr. Chernow, I apologize. Sona writes these things for me. Yeah. I'm sorry. And I'm not gonna say this other stuff. Would you please substitute with breaches? Yeah. Yeah.


But You know, in my own opinion, I think I can't explain any of it. I just have had these crazy impulsive drives and I impulses and I, maybe it is glandular. You know what I mean? At the end of the day, what did I do? I don't know what I did. But, and, and certainly it's, and it's one, 1000000th of what Twain did. But it's, it's funny that at the end of his life, he won't take credit for anything. And he thinks that we're all just in the void. He's very, yeah. He Has this kind of deterministic view that we're just kind of, You know, machines and their stimuli and we react to it that we're really not creating anything. The funny thing is Conan, You know, that someone reading that.


Right. If it had not been written by Mark Twain, that would've said, well what about Mark Twain? Mark Twain would've been, You know, the best example of the fact that there is true originality in the, in the world.


This episode of Colonel O'Brien Needs a friend is brought to you by McDonald's. All new Mick Crispy strips. Mm. New mc crispy strips are here. I've been waiting. I've been waiting patiently. Yeah, you have. And then just the other day, the Tom k Crya came down the street and said, here, hear the new crispy slips are here. It's chicken made for dipping tender juicy white meat chicken with the golden brown pepper breading it's chicken. So good. It deserves its own sauce. The creamy chili mc crispy strip dip. Say that nine times fast. We'll get arrested. A sauce that's creamy, savory, and sweet with a little heat, but it works with any of their sauces, You know? Yeah. New mc crispy strips with a new creamy chili mc crispy strip dip. Oh my God. They're trying to get me. But they didn't. It's McChicken made for dipping. I've lost my mind.


I'm a bit of a grill master. You know that Sona? Yeah, you sure are. You really are. But You know, I've always known as a grill master. There's no wrong way to grill. You know, we've just got our own ways to prep for the perfect event. That's all. Well, guess what, since 1975, man, what a year that was. Yeah. Miller Light has been the go-to beer to fill up the cool, when it's a good day to grill, it's made with simple ingredients. It's like malted barley, which gives it rich, balanced toffee notes in that classic golden color. Mm. Stock up today for the grill season ahead. It's Miller time. People know I'm the grill maestro. Yeah. Yes. So all my friends gather Ricky Tron, Jacque Mac, Sam Omare, all my friends, You know? Yeah. But then we have Miller Lights. 'cause that's what makes it, we could almost forget all the grilling. Yeah. In fact, I don't even know why I am grilling. Most of these people are vegan, but we love Miller Light. So I'm there and I'm flipping, I'm flipping them their soy burgers. But we're having the best Miller Light I've ever, it's just Miller Light, man. It makes everything. Yeah, it does. It's fantastic. Miller Lite great taste. 96 calories. I've done the counting myself. Go to Miller lite.com/kona to find delivery options near you. Or you can pick up some Miller Lite pretty much anywhere they sell beer. Cheers to 50 freaking years of Miller Time. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories and 3.2 carbs per 12 ounces.


He's obsessed with the idea that Shakespeare didn't write any of it. That it was all Francis Bacon. Yeah. He actually gets up after And, and can't let it, can't let that go. I know. He can't let it go. Yeah. And, and, and he gets up after he's, he's, he's watching Performance of Romeo and Juliet with a friend. And he gets up at the end and he says to the friend, that was the best thing Francis Bacon ever wrote. You know, he was convinced that his discovery that Francis Bacon had had written, it said, it's the great discovery of the age. You know, also, I couldn he wrote this, Wrote this book. I couldn't help but wonder if it was a little bit of professional jealousy. Like, You know, You know, there's no way that guy did all that. Well, He, You know, he, he, he loved the play.


And I think what misled him is that, You know, as Mark Twain became famous, reporters were constantly, You know, flocking to Hannibal, Missouri and other places that he had, had, had lived. So, like everyone who ever knew Mark Twain was interviewed 25 times and he couldn't figure out why there wasn't that same kind of trove, You know, of anecdotes. And why weren't the people in Stratford telling all these stories about Shakespeare? Yeah. Twain. If Shakespeare was doing all this, why weren't they writing? Why aren't, why weren't they the anecdotes about, there's so many anecdotes about me. There'd be that many anecdotes about Shakespeare and you're like, well, no, no, it was, it was, It was a different time was different time. And There's no, it was part, it was a, it was a different media environment, You know, and his life was covered so extensively and, You know, with the kind of a handful of stories about Shakespeare.


But if Shakespeare lived in a different media environment, You know, we would know everything about him. But, so, You know, mark Twain wrongly extrapolated from it to Elizabeth in Times, but he actually wrote this book called The Shakespeare Dead that he thought was gonna, You know, set the world on on fire. It didn't, he also thought that John Bunion had not written Pilgrim's Progress. He thought John Milton was, but maybe He didn't write his own works. And he project, this is his guilt. Yes. It was all Livy. It was all his wife cranking it out. It was Brett Hart. Yeah, Brett Hart did it all. Well, he was dead. But I just, You know, it's funny, I think of if Twain were alive today, he'd be on the internet.


He would be into every conspiracy it could be. And also talk about a guy who you'd have to keep away from an infomercial, any popup ad anything. And twain would be like, I've gotta have the abdom. Why? That's the darn cuteness. That's the best invention I've ever, You know, and Livy would be there saying, you bought 10,000 abdominis. You know, You know what I mean? I've gotta have those gels in my shoes. Shoes a sneaker. You can just step into. I've gotta, but I mean, you could just snake weight. I gotta have the shake weight. I gotta have the shake weight.


And you gotta gel like Magellan. I gotta gel. I like the way that rolls off the tongue. But he would just be full prey to every, You know, every, the word would get around soon. This is the guy, as it does, as, You know, as these programs start to know, oh, this sucker, You know, they're onto me. You know, they know that I like, You know, like a, a new kind of leather wallet that has like a little, You know, they're onto me. So I'm just constantly bombarded with a new way to a little travel gizmo. I'm constantly being bombarded with those. 'cause the, the algorithm figures it out. They would've figured out twain. Well, I'm so curious if you were alive today, if I can get to ask You if I was alive today, That, that with, with, with Mark Twain, there was just no filter whatsoever.


Yeah. You know, there was no kind of political correctness. He really felt there's a sadist that everything was fair game. So that, for instance, You know, when he wrote his first book, which turned out to be his bestselling book called The Innocence Abroad, You know, he went, he went with these tourist kind of early tourist crews to Europe and the Holy Land. And he's just sounding off on all of these things. They're in Italy and he's making jokes about dwarves. Yeah. He said, You know, if, if, if you wanna see, You know, dwarfs retail, go to Milan. If you wanna see Dwarves wholesale, go to Genoa. You know, You know, so all of these different things, well, no one today would dare to make these sorts of jokes. And he really felt that the whole world was his, You know, field for, for humor.


And I wonder how he would function today. You know, we're much more sensitive, You know, about offending different groups. Well, I mean, I think it's a, it's, it's a really interesting area because as You know, you talk about it a lot in your book. Huck Finn is very controversial. Yeah. On one hand, Ernest Hemingway call said the American literature begins with Huck Finn. Yeah. And, and many great writers have said, yeah, that is the first great, great, truly great original American creative novel. And then, but it's got the n word in it countless times.


Yet it also is exploring a real relationship between Jim and Huck. And, and, and, and Jim is not a cardboard character. And so, but, and the n word is part of the dialect of that time. Yeah. But for that reason, a lot of people say it should be banned. It shouldn't be read. Yeah. Or the word should be removed. And you think if he were alive today, he'd be canceled for things he did when he's 20 years old. I mean, in his personal correspondence, when he's writing about race, when he's, when he's, before he's evolved.


And that, when I was reading that, I was thinking, we live in this era now where, You know, kids go online and do things, say things, and they get tagged. Yeah. Like, you're the kid who said that you're the kid that did this. You're the kid that sang that. You're the kid. And I don't know, You know, there wouldn't be a Mark Twain. He'd have, he'd have been hit. Yeah. I mean, this was somebody that he couldn't ex he couldn't exist in a world that's keeping account where anyone can say, wait a minute, we just found something in your personal correspondence or in a speech you gave when you were 25. You're canceled, you're done. Yeah. You know, but Mark Trey is, is, is is the type of writer, almost inconceivable today, he had no inhibitions.


He felt no need to have any inhibition, although he Was puritanical about sex, Very botanical about sex, Which I totally get. Yeah. And, You know, it's only late in life. But he starts to kind of, I mean, that's another thing you bring up in the book. And I don't know that we have the time to go into it, but it's a, it's a facet of his life. Late in life. He is hanging around a lot of young women. When I say young women ages, what? Like 10 to 16? 10 to 16. And, oh, and what's interesting about it is that there's no evidence that there was anything sexual about it. Right. No one e And he seemed he was depressed.


I'm not making excuses. 'cause it was strange. Everyone noticed it. Yeah. What did he call them? He called them his, his angel fish. His angel fish. Oh God. And so he's having, and to the point where his wife and his kids are saying they're trying to suppress any of the information. You know, if there's a, if there's a, if there's a writeup, he doesn't want the, the young kids around. But there is no evidence that it was anything other than him playing pool with them and liking to have them around because he loved the attention of, I mean, first of all, he was fascinated with childhood. He loved having the attention of these young women who kind of adored him.


Yeah. So, but it is kind of pathological. Yeah. No abs. Absolutely. I mean, this is kind of a good, And who knows, we don't, I don't know. It could have Of kind of the difference between things were perceived then and, and, and now. 'cause he, he collects, and that was the term that he used, that he collected the, a dozen of these girls, he called them as angel fish. They were, became members of his aquarium club. But they would come over with their mom. They would, or their dad or their governor. They come, Yeah. He was very careful to incorporate the mothers, the grandmothers into this. There was nothing secretive. He actually flaunt at it. Actually, one of the girls, Dorothy Quick, he met on the transatlantic liner. And when the Dr.


New York, there would always be, You know, a scrum of reporters waiting for Mark Twain in New York. And he gets off the, the boat with this 11-year-old girl. And the next day, newspapers across the country, You know, the, the headlines are Mark Twain captive of Little Girl, You know, and people found this a very kind of charming and Avuncular. Yeah. Oh, mark Twain, You know, he's written beautiful books about American children. Of course. He, he loves it so far from being secretive about it. You know, he, he, he fluted it. And in fact, I tell the story in the, in the book, that one of his friends who was a famous actress, You know, came to dinner one day dressed as a 12-year-old girl, You know, with kind of buttons and bows and everything.


'cause she wanted to be in one of his angel fish. So this is the way it was kind of handled. It was people reacting in this kind of very jovial way to it. Whereas we look at this behavior now and it's, You know, very disturbing. It's disturbing. Yeah. You know, odd and disquieting. He ne he never acted on it. I mean, it's very di different. I, I, when I was doing the research, I read a book about, You know, Louis Carroll, the place of Louis Carroll, where superficially might seem similar, but Louis Carroll, You know, collected nude photos and nude drawings of the girls. You know, there was nothing like that with Twain. What the underlying dynamic was, I really don't know.


But he had kind of enough control over himself. But he liked that he would read aloud to them. They would play pool together. He did announce during his last three, four years of life, he said, I worked hard enough in my life. I just now want to play. You know, so it was like kind of a, a second childhood. But it's really strange and weird. I mean, I'm not here to defend it at at all. It's really kind of very creepy. And I think that everyone is, You know, the book will have that reaction to it. Yeah. But I also kind of have to describe in fairness to him, You know, what it was and what it wasn't. That is, that Is one of the things that I really love about the book, is you're like twain. You're not afraid to go everywhere.


You're not afraid to look at everything. Yeah. You're clearly odd and impressed by this guy. You are also, you're exploring every nook and cranny There are. He was fallible. You know, when I keep saying he was, people like to think of him as this emoji. He was a, a great, You know, I'm thinking of people like Lyndon Johnson who embodied greatness, but their flaws are also great that You know, which has been so well documented by Carol. No, you have, you had a wonderful line in your Kennedy science speech, said, talked about the colossal mess of being human. You know? Yeah. That's kind of what Twain is about. You know, he was once asked how he knew so much about human nature.


'cause he traveled a lot. He had thought of a lot of people. He said, oh, no, no, it's, I look into myself. He felt that every human being has all of nature inside himself or herself. And I think that that's true. You know, that we can feel that, You know, we act on certain impulses, but we have inside of us almost every impulse. I think it's why you even, You know, watch a movie about some crime or something, and we can sort of imagine one side of ourself can identify with it. We, we control that. We can control this. So you Wanna kill and kill again. Isn, we getting this, I've been accused of a lot of things not yet of being a serial killer, but somehow we, Well, But hold on a second.


I, I've got your travel records, some suspicious behavior. Well, the book is a delight. You've done it again, mark Twain and I, he's just, I mean, the sign to me of a great biography is that there's no way to completely capture this guy. But I think, I think this is gonna be the, the standard bearer. I think you're gonna, you need to read this book. You need to read this book, because it's not just about Mark Twain, it's also about America. It's also about where we were then. And it's also somewhat about where we are now. So I, I congratulate you and huge thrill to have you on the podcast, because I love this stuff.


Oh, I feel like it's, it's, it's a privilege to, to be with you and the whole group today. And I feel like you really have done honor to the book and to, to Mark Twain. So thank you for reading it and reading it so closely and attentively. It's really been a great experience. I Guess we all win then. You know, Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sono of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive, produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo theme song by the White Stripes, incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away, Jimmy.


Our supervising producer is Aren Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick, talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista, and Britt. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash Conan. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded,


The new huggy, snug and dry are luxuriously soft and ultra dry. How soft are we talking? Unbelievably soft, irresistibly soft. Doesn't your baby deserve a diaper that's oh so gentle on their tushie? Huggy, snug and dry helps keep them comfy, cozy and protected. Experience the unexpected softness and up to 100% leak protection. More parents choose the new huggy, snug and dry softness versus the leading premium diaper. Huggies, we got you, baby.


Let's be real. I mean, it's time we got real, don't you think guys? Yeah. B two P marketing is pretty tough. It is. You can craft the perfect campaign, but if it lands in front of the wrong people, it might as well be invisible. Hey, where is it? Where is it? I don't see it. It's invisible. It's like reaching pro gamers instead of programmers. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Makes a big difference. That's where LinkedIn comes in. Gather around everybody. Yeah. LinkedIn's a network of over 1 billion professionals who actually get business on LinkedIn ads. You can target your buyers by job title, industry, company role, seniority skills, company revenue, and did we say job title yet? I guess that's a joke. So stop wasting budget on the wrong audience and start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign so you can try it yourself. Hmm. Pretty cool. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco, that's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.