
Hi, my name is Ryan Reynolds, and I feel Phil Dres, Oh my God. About being Conan O'Brien's friend, little who's Harry Cru reference there for you? Phil Dens. Look it up. Look it Up. I believe he says Philodendron, but that didn't work. So, So you changed it to Phil Dens. Correct. You know what you Are. Yes. And I'm sorry. A son of a Bitch. Oh, I am Back to school. Ring the fence.


Friends. Friends. Hey there. And welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. And I do, I need a friend. It's never too late to become my chum. Joined by Sono of Sian. Hello. How are you, Sona? Good to see you. I'm Not, I'm doing, I'm doing all Right. You're doing okay? Yeah. And Matthew Gorley. Hi. And Sona, quickly, we should address the fact that you did lose your house in the fire. But you've, you guys have found a new place that you might be moving into. We Have, yeah. In fact, I was there yesterday for an inspection and I ran into a really nice man named Richard, walking his dog.


And he said, I usually listen to you while I'm walking my dog. Wow. And yeah. And I was like, I get to live by a fan. That's nice. Yeah. That's nice. It, yeah, it is nice. Yeah. Well, you, you hesitated for a second. No, I mean, like, You know, it's, there's a lot of people. No, it's great. It's good. It's good. It's a good thing. Like I, he's really nice and it's a really nice place. And I'm excited not to live at my mom and dad's house. Yeah. That sounded like, I mean, I love your mom and dad, but it can be difficult to live with your parents. Yes. Not meant to at a certain point. Nope. I'm guessing, is it Nadia, is it your mom who can kind of, she can wear on you a little bit sometimes, You know.


Yeah, she can. Yeah. Yeah. You Know, and she means Well, she's got, she's well intentioned. They, they are unbelievably so nice to let us stay there. But they also, they watched a lot of Turkish soap operas. What? Yeah. It's like all day. I mean, not all day, but it's like a lot of Turkish tell, 'cause they're from Turkey, they're Armenian. It's important to note that, but they're from Turkey. But Wait a minute, where do you, where does one get, because I'm constantly looking for Turkish soap opera, and I don don't. Oh, I got a guy. You need some, I'll Get you some. Do you really? No, no, no. You know, WhatsApp, YouTube. Oh, so they watch them on YouTube? Yeah. Do you follow the stories? No, I don't watch it with them. I'm in, I'm in my room watching TV on a, on my laptop. Like a you're, Yeah. Like a door. You're watching the pit or something Like current.


Yeah. I got really into the pit lately. Yeah. Would you, do you ever, I mean, I'd just be curious what happens in a Turkish soap opera? Are they the same kind of model? Is every soap opera everywhere? It's just, yeah. Oh, it's Turkey. I think the lighting is different. They're all gorgeous and have beautiful skin. And then they, Eduardo you have, you jump in here. Everything feels very dramatic. I'm only familiar because my mom watches a Turkish novella novella. It's basically a Turkish soap opera. But the Spanish channels have put subtitles. Yeah. And there's people speaking in Spanish over them. Oh. And, and I asked her where they were from, and she's like, oh, it's in Turkey. So they're popular, I Guess. Yeah. There's certain countries that have dominated. Like I've Korean soap operas are Legit.


I, my mother-in-law watches those. Yeah. Oh, really? In, in, in my travel shows. Whenever we can, I try to do a local soap opera. Yeah. And we've done them in a bunch of countries. And I cannot tell you how many times someone from Mexico has said I look familiar to them, or they know, they kind of know who I am, but they're not sure. And I say, I'll show you who I am. And I call up when I was on the telenovela Yeah. In, that was in the Mexico City episode. And I show it to them and they always enjoy it. 'cause I'm speaking Spanish the whole time. My version of Spanish. Yeah. And I have a, and I love it. 'cause I have a mustache. Oh Yeah. You always have a mustache.


I always try and have a mustache That's good. And try and exude authority. But I love being in foreign soap operas. And I realize I haven't done a Turkish soap opera. I'd love to be in one. Yeah. Yeah. You don't seem drilled about it. I think you could do it. I Well, you could do it. I did an Armenian show. Yeah, you did. Was it a crime show? I played a crime boss. You played A, you played a crime boss. First of all, they tried to make you look Armenian and it did not work. Oh, that's right. I don't know what they did to me, but they like painted dark wrinkles on me or something. They, they put dark eyebrows on my, and then they put a dark wig on you. Yes. And on the pales man in the world. Yes. They gave me jet black curly hair and a crazy eyebrows.


And I'm a drug lord. Yeah. And you just order kingpin guys to beat up another person. Yes. And I had to say it in Armenian, which was very difficult. Do you, do you remember your line? No, I don't remember. It was a heke or heka, which means enough. Because They were up. Yes. They were beating 'em up. And I said, enough Ika. Yeah. And then you had a cigar in your hand? I had a cigar in my mouth, and I just sort of was trying to be like the Suppo Tony Soprano of Yvan Armenia. But I have to say, in the New Max series for the second season, I, I am, I think, yes, I did a medical drama. Oh, like their version of the pit? Yeah. I did a medical drama in, and it was in New Zealand.


It was in New Zealand. Oh. And I'm really excited for that to come out, because I had to know all of this. They gave me an impossible amount of medical jargon. 'cause I think they really wanted me to fuck up badly. Did you do American Accent or New Zealand? I didn't do, I didn't attempt the accent. Ah, I did not. So sorry for that's, but I think I did nail the, the medical jargon. Do you remember your lines? No, I don't remember my lines. Oh, do you guys, did you guys ever watch American soap operas? I did for a summer or two. Me Too. Yeah. My friend once lied to us when we were like 12 and said she made out with Austin Peck from Days of Our Lives, and we believed her. So we watched Days of Our Lives, and then we found out she didn't ever make out with Austin.


How Old was she At the time? She was like 14. Oh. So he'd be under arrest. But we didn't, we like think of it that way. We're like, oh my God. She made out with Austin Peck. But she just lied to us, just blatantly lied to us. And we believed her. And we all got into days of our lives to support the kind that she made out to Support him. Oh, wait, so how old was he at the time? He must've been in his twenties. Yeah. I have no idea. He had no idea who she was. What an interesting, so she just stuck with this lie, Just lied about it. And we were like, do you still talk to her? Oh my. No. That broke everything up. Oh, yeah. You, I wonder how she Got a lot of stuff. She also lied. She said she was a model. And we were like, you're five two, but okay. Like, we believed everything. She said, I don't believe anybody.


You know, I wish I had known you then. 'cause you were very gullible. Yeah. No. Hey, can you gimme some money? I'm an ATM and I ran out. Okay. You don't look like an A TMI don't remember having to put cash into an a tm, but, okay. I guess they do have to be restocked. But you do have arms and legs and a head. Well, anyway, I'm a baby that only eats wallets. They were just so gullible. Wow. We really, it wasn't just me. It was like my friend group. But did you, are unfailingly honest? You didn't lie? No. What do you mean lie about what You you're, you're a very honest person. So Yeah. There are kids that will just say stuff like, my brother Neil growing up, he went to a different school than I did.


And he would come home and he would just, I'd say, what did you learn today? And he'd say, oh, today we learned. And then he would just tell me things that were completely untrue. And I was just a little kid, so I believed him. Yeah. And you'd take them back to school thinking you knew some stuff. Yeah. Say my brother said, there's like, He's so cool. Yeah. He told me, oh, today we learned that there's a hole that they found like in the Earth. And they lowered a camera in it, and it went to the center of the earth. And then took a couple of pictures with it and, and all, when they, and when they, then they felt it tugging on the line and they pulled it up and the, the camera was all mangled. But they were able to develop the film and they could see a T-Rex charging. And I was like, what?


And he went, yeah, proof that there's a T-Rex at the center of the earth. And Neil's a couple years older than me and knew better. Oh, Neil Did this, this, this Is Neil. Yeah. No, no. Luke was always like a priest. He was just really good. And like, well, I wouldn't tell an untruth. Neil would just fuck with me all the time. He told me so many lies. Still does. I talk to him every day. He is always lying. Did you do that though, to Justin? No, I didn't lie. You did? No, no. I didn't lie to Justin. I would, Justin was 10 years younger than me. He was a little kid. And so what I did to Justin was just broke his mind with strange games. So he just wanted to play cops and robbers. And I would say, oh yeah, I told you this. Right. Yeah. And I would just tangle him up in paperwork.


Funny, you drew your pistol, you drew your pistol. And he'd be like, what? You drew your pistol. There's paperwork. And I would get pads of paper from my dad's office. You needed to fill out these fill out forms. It's a bureaucracy. That's a big part of being a cop. That's worse than what Neil did to you. I think My, my neighbor saw the Shining before I did. Yep. And told me about it, recounted it and completely lied about it. And then when I saw it was just forever wondering where he said that Jack Nicholson got his arm cut off. And You know how a human can grow an arm back? He grows an arm back and all this stuff. And I just was expecting Was this was a kid? It was a kid. Yeah. It was my age. Oh, that's Okay. Kids are just crazy. I think it's okay if you're a kid. I just, for, for a moment, I pictured like a 30 5-year-old neighbor.


And then it's, then it's time to call somebody. Wait, why are You guys getting on my case about believing that my friend made out with Austin Peck when you guys believed all this shit your brothers and your friend Told you? Good point. Good point. You know what? We Were all dumb. Can I say something? You just stood up for yourself in a way that I thought was deserved. Yes. Thank you. And I don't know, I still think you're dumb, but Yeah. It doesn't change anything. Doesn't change anything. It's impressive what you did. Yeah. But think of the three of us. You, It's crazy that you believed that girl. Yeah. Yeah. It is pretty stupid. Yeah. All right. Well, let's, let's get this podcast going. My guest today, I am thrilled he's here. He starred in the Deadpool films and the FX series. Welcome to Rex, him, which returns for a fourth season on May 15th.


Absolutely delighted. He's here today. He's an incredibly talented screen actor, television actor, but also one of the funnier people you will run into in life. Yeah. He's crazy talented and a good soul. Ryan Reynolds, welcome. You did it. You got, Oh, sorry. Let's keep this. Oh, oh, what did I do Wrong? You didn't leave the pause. We talked about this last episode before you say the name, you're supposed to, I think I'm just excited that Ryan's here. I understand, and I should have told you literally seven years ago when we started this podcast, but he Was 15. But you Did remind him right before we started recording. Yeah, but You know what you have to do is you have to hold up a sign that says pause. 'cause I'm a busy man. Okay. And I get excited when it's Ryan Reynolds.


Okay. All right. Let's give you the pause. All right. I'm thrilled he's here today. Ryan Reynolds. Welcome. Oh, the Mouth noises. I have to say, and this is, well, there's no rhyme or reason to these interviews, but I've talked to you about this a while ago. Just friends. I watched that with my wife. It was a movie that may have been mis marketed. I don't under, You know, it came out, didn't make a big splash. Hilarious.


One of my favorite, one of my favorite Christmas comedies. It has so many hilarious performances in it. And then we showed it to our kids. So good. I mean, but everybody, it is a relentlessly funny movie. And I remember telling you a bunch of years ago, I swear to God, that movie will endure. It's going, it's gonna stick around. And it's, well, you don't know About those kinds of movies. I mean, you never know. You know, when you're making it, you're gonna like, this is gonna work. This is not gonna work. You could, when you're older, I think you can trust your experience and your instincts. Right. That, that line up. But then when you're older, you also go, nobody knows anything. So, but just friends, I, God, that was, we shot in Regina, Saskatchewan. So my few times that I've ever been scared of like going to jail, because we, just, as a joke, me and the art department, we made a sign that would go over, it would snap over the welcome to Regina Sign.


And it just said, welcome to Regina, which rhymes with fun. And And they I got in trouble though. You Got in trouble. But then they thought it was funny because it snapped off. So at first it was vandalism. Right. And then it was a, then it was class, Then it was an art installment. Yeah. That could come down. Yeah. Yeah. And I come from RCMP, my dad, my brother is currently an RCMP officer. We, I always say, you guys just say agent. It sounds better. You're an RCMP agent. Isn't that Royal Canadian Mounted Police? It's, Yeah. I believe I was a royal mounted policeman in Canada. We did a week of shows in Toronto a long time ago.


And one of the remotes I shot, I either was sworn in temporarily, or we just stole the costume. Either way I operated at, at, at the border. I threw snowballs at people trying to come in and out of Yeah. Canada dressed in that outfit. And man, I've never felt power. More power in my life. And polite. And polite. Yep. I had pancakes in my pocket. Oh my God. Yeah. Instead of a gun. Yep. Yes. Exactly. Syrup. Little cartridges of syrup. My dad used to bust guys with confetti. He would just like walk up and throw, throw the confetti at you. And it's always fun when your, you and your brother have three older brothers.


So it was just mayhem. Actual mayhem. I mean, this is a horrible situation. 'cause I'm the youngest, so I'm the moving target. They're brothers, You know, I'm just moving target or harvestable organs. And You know, we would, but as I got older, we would get out in the, in the, on the, on the lawn. Yeah. And it would be like an old fashioned, like Tom Cruise and far and away with the, like, the knuckles up. And we would just beat the living shit off each other. Oh, yes, yes. The neighbor would call the cops and the cop would be my dad. That's not A cop we wanted to mess with. Oh my God. Yeah. But my dad got out of copping pro, You know, I don't, I mean, he, he wasn't big on the truth, so I don't know why, but he, yeah, he got outta copping and then became a food broker, which we're like, come on, that's CIA.


Right? Yes. Food brokers. And he was like, no, I really am a middleman for jars of jam and God and tiny yogurts. What? He works for Meghan Markle. Yes. Yes. My dad. Really Tiny jams. Harvestable jams. Yes, exactly. Made from the oils of Montecito. Jimbo Reynolds wasn't dead. I would say he is Meghan Markle adjacent. Many people have likened the two. I have to say, you, there's so much to talk about here. I am thrilled that you've come on the pod and You know, you fascinate me because, and anger me and enraged me. Yep, yep. Because you have the leading man looks and all the abilities that come with being a, a movie star.


But when you send me a text, it is one of the funniest written texts that I've received. And I read you, you blasted me a couple of weeks ago with these texts and I was reading them and I thought, this is a class, a comedy writer. Wow. You have a comedy writer's Brain that took me 41 days to compose that one. And it was just in case before that, I had no idea I was gonna be on the show. I could tell it took a long time to compose. Also, like You said, day nine, at one point you broke up the sentences. Day nine, me, Wilson, you, I, I basically, yeah. I think it was about like the, You know, dwindling licensing rights at the Academy Awards show.


Yeah. How the fate of the future of film and television, of course is on your shoulders. Please don't fuck this up. There are a few hundred thousand people who are like, You know, very selfish and dependent upon, You know, food and shelter. Yes, yes, yes. And, You know, adequate medical attention for the shelter. I was, I was reading this thing, and I don't ever do this, but you sent me this really funny, and my, my son, my son loves your work. Really loves Deadpool. And he is a 19-year-old gentleman. And I just said, I never do this, but read this email and he was laughing out loud. Oh, That's Great. No, no, I mean, just, just, and it's, it's, it's really funny because I don't know, you are in a class by yourself of people that can, I think, work both ends of that spectrum flowing At the top.


Oh, I Know, I know. You know, we're up there together just holding each other. The body one, I'm at a different top. Oh, Sorry. You're at, You're at the big Top. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, you're at that top. I thought you meant you're at the top of like, Everest. Oh, I'm at the top of a hill. An anthill. Oh no. Quite a, oh, Sona. I'm in the prairie East Canada. I'm in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan, where the tallest hill, the curve Kids can sled on my hill that I stand, I can see my house from the curb. No, that, yeah, I, well, that's a very kind No, no, no. I i I know you, you're not kinda like a, a compliment, but your facility. And also, it's so perfect. I know it took you forever to get Deadpool made and there's a whole saga of you saying, we, I've, I know how to do this.


This needs to be a movie. And I can't believe it took so long to make. But the Deadpool's facility with language and his sort of rubber, it's not just physical rubber man quality, but also the verbal alacrity you have to have. That's, you've got that. And I'm thinking that's because your brothers beat you. Yes, because I had older brothers too that beat me. Yes. And I don't have as much of it as you. They weren't as strong as your brothers. And my dad was a microbiologist, so he couldn't fuck off. So I'm saying he couldn't come in with that heavy cop energy. My dad came in every now and then with like a slide of a paramecium.


It's now, that's enough of that. Yes, yes. I'll release this paramecium, Scare the rock. A Child with Paramecium. What I'm saying Is my, Yeah, you developed, you evolved into a higher being because you had more, more to contend with. That's what I say to you, sir. There I have exited some rooms through drywall. I'll say that. Yeah. And my, You know, my father was, yeah, he was definitely very, well, I'm just gonna say it, emotionally abusive, but no, he Was Jesus. No, no, no, Not my dad was, it's actually odd because my dad was tough and he was very, very like coiled. And I think when you, as you get older, and he's been, he's passed away for, I don't know, 10 years now or so.


Cause of death. Uncertain. No, he, he, he died of something tragic. But anyway, it was, it was, How do you get laughs with that line? You Shouldn't. So anyway, he died. It was something tragic big laugh from this side of the Room out of trust. I'm gonna leave a large air hole now. Okay. And as I was saying, You know, he, he was, he was, I, the story changes when people pass away too. It's like a, your, your memory becomes like a less of a reliable narrator. And it's becomes more of a feeling. Like I would say, You know, I've been, we're I'm, You know, pushing 50 here, I've, I had some experience, some experience under my belt. And I li I'm listening to, I'm realizing I don't know as much now as I thought I did then.


Yeah. So when I think about my dad, and I think about how I internalized however he was raising me and on the kid, the other brothers and my, and certainly his relationship with my mom. It's not what it, I, I I started asking myself, is that true? Yeah. Is that true? Was he really that or was that more romantic? To think of it like that. And he was not great in some ways and in other ways. He was, he was great. Like he really was. And I think it just in time that changed, when you die, they will love you. We don't have to worry about that. I know. We'll not have to worry about that for four years. So let's just settle down everybody. That's true. The, it's gonna be Like an ex, he's gonna have a huge Effigy Built the Conan O Conan O'Brien Library of Libraries.


I think the log of of The Conan O Bruce Valan Bible. Yeah. He'll be giving the tours. Yes. Oh God. Yeah. No, it's, it's interesting you say that because I have the same experience. First of all, my therapist would say, your dad did the best he could. Yes. And then I would say to therapist, make you cry. No, he didn't. Oh, wow. See, I'd Cry. That's, and then we'd fight. But let that sit for a second. Your dad did the best he could. Yeah. Given what he had. Yeah, He did. But he really did. My dad, my dad's, my dad's dad would come home from his job. He was a, like a city councilman in Alberta, and then moved to British Columbia. They bought their house for, I don't know, like a half glass of water and spit and like, lived in Thes.


But he would get out there and mow the lawn after work and he'd take his jacket off, not his tie. And he would fold his shirt up one cuff and then mow the lawn. Like, this is, this is not a man who knows how to fuck. So, You know, like very like Conservative, Right? I mean, Very Conservative. Well, wait a minute, maybe every firm is sacred. Just put up one and then the other. And Then jackhammer A Makita power drill. I mean, I'm saying, oh hell, a lot of people assume I might throw in that category. Yes. But what I do is I put one yes.


And then I put the other up, loosen it eye a little. Yes. And I show Them how the Vikings took Iceland. Yes. No, no. So that's where he, that how they did it. Yeah. I'd, I'd say every bully has a bully. Right. You know, so, so he had those elements. But he also was, he showed up, You know, he, he once went a long, long time without speaking to me. And it was over some, yeah. Something trivial and dumb. And then he, but he would never miss a game. Never miss a football game. Never miss a baseball game. Always there for a catch, even though it would be silent and super fucking awkward. He would do it. Yeah. And, and he had that, that guy had a right arm that you would not believe.


Yeah. He had a, he could, he broke the, the little bone in my finger. I had to switch to a catcher's mit. And he did that. Underhand. What? So when people are like, oh, that's a softball question. I was like, have you ever fucking caught a softball from Jim Reynolds? No, you haven't. Just shut up about that sport. God, a pickle ball. We're around. There'd be a lot of dead people. So my question is, did your dad get, obviously, I think the answer is yes. He must have seen your career blow up.


And was it on alloy joy or was it complicated? No, it was joy. Once I kind of in his eye, whatever his measure of making it means, then it was, yeah. Except, You know, he didn't go to university, but he didn't talk about that he had Parkinson's and he said the word Parkinson's maybe three times in his life. Also former boxer, former, who knows. But, You know, so he was very reserved with that, with praise. Which is why I have an insatiable desire for validation. So we can unpack that later. Never. I love you guys, you don't need that. Well, I don't know what you're talking about. Yeah.


As someone who has no need for validation. Absolutely not. But he, he would, when I made quote unquote made it, I think then he accepted it. He, he's very bummed that I didn't go to university. I did though. I went for, I'm not making this up. I went for 45 minutes. I wanted to meet the one teacher. He was like a guy that Dr was his name. He was a, he got his doctorate in prison. He was, I think a Hell's Angel or something, but went to jail for 20 years or something, long time. And then, but got his education in jail and became an author and wrote a book. And I read this book. I went there, I met him beautiful. Lots of prison tattoos, but also beautiful pastel sweater. And, and then I walked back out the door of Quantan Polytechnic University in British Columbia, and I drove to Los Angeles.


So you went in knowing I'm gonna meet this one gentleman, and then I'm turning around and I'm going to Los Angeles. Yes. Okay. So you knew. Yeah. Well, no, no. I, I really knew. Once I was inside, I just thought, I'm not ready for this. Like, I don't think I can do this. I only had one brother who really was adamant about gonna university and it stressed the hell out of him. And I just thought, I don't want to be a food broker. So, and you don't, he, my dad did it without a university education. So, You know, did, I'm gonna, did you do Groundlings when you got to la? I think you I did. I did do Groundlings, but I, I moved to LA to be in Groundlings and I, I, of course it doesn't work like that. You don't just show up and go ready for the main stage. Everyone, You know, I can give you strides.


I can give you everything you want. No, you go through the class. That's What I did. You did it. You paid the money. When I showed up in LA and I was like, I'm ready to perform. And they said, you will take these classes. Yes. And I said, yes, I will. Yes, you'll, and I did. But at least I got stage time, that's The thing. Yeah. And got to improvise with some great people. Yeah. God. And so, well, they're So good. They're all so in shape and they're like, You know what I mean? That's a, that's a muscle, like that kind of ability. So, oh, I thought you meant physically. Physically. No, no, no. God, these are comedians. I've Never been in shape. People talking about. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no, no. They get home and just vanish into a jar of, so, You know, But I would think you as an improviser, that would be, I could see you being devastating as an improviser.


I think it would be. Yeah. That'd be a fun space. Mean just, I mean, just in the times that I've encountered you, we start fucking around instantly. Yeah. And I could see like, oh, this is someone who wants to play 24 7 is the vibe that you give. I don Dunno if that's true, but also it's, I would say that you are a person that does it as well, but you can also pivot quite quickly to something that's emotional. Because most people that are funny, I think have some pretty, You know, deeply emotional people as well. I think like comedy and drama, subsist on the same thing. Tension, subverting. It makes, it, makes, moves you. And If you have a, like a film that has emotion, then you can, or anything redemption called whatever you want. But it makes all that funny stuff so much more funny. Yes. And rich and powerful. So I loved Groundlings when I did do their shows.


I used to do that like a once in a while, like a Thursday cooking with gas show they had. And, and I would do Arm, I think I did Armando a couple times here, and then I loved it because there was no limit to it. But on a film set, I don't want to, I like, it's almost like method acting. I'm not gonna, like, when people are coming on a film set a Deadpool film, anything, I'm not gonna make my process their process. Right. So like, I'd never want to be that guy. So I always, I chat and we talk and we say, because how, how can I help you feel awesome? And like, You know, even a, like an actor who's a day player who comes in for one day, it's a ha that's a hard, that's the hardest job in show business because he's got two lines and he's gonna over the fuck do it like you wouldn't believe.


Yes. Because in his mind, You know, there's no small parts, just small actors. I gotta crush the shit out of this. And then you, you, but you, If you can make it safe, I always love the as your Soup, sir. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. We're gonna Liquefy you And I am, I'm gonna snort your ashes On the top of the Plage. Oh my God. Just to say I did it. Yeah. Yeah. And yeah. And, but I, I always say to them when we, when they're leaving you say, Hey, look, If you here's me that moment, you're gonna drive home and Yeah. When day players, you, you drive your cell phone and you, If you have to touch everything in the car too, by the way, you, you're gonna get in that car and you're gonna go, I fuck, I should have done that.


And then I was like, then we go like, okay, take 10 minutes and think about what that is. Yeah. And then let's go do that. And it's like this fun little trick. And then you do that, and then you say, now do the worst version you can do. Like, I'm telling you, you're safe. We'd never use the worst version. You trust me, but like, do the worst. And then that's always the take that's show, because now you're, you've, you've basically said like, you're as safe as you could ever imagine. Yes. And there's, I love that feeling. So I'm not like a, i, my improv is like, right, I've written 10 alts for each joke, but not just for me, but for my co-stars or, You know, and it's a what would, here's a menu. Is there anything you'd like here? Wesley Snipes was like, Nope, nope, Nope, nope, nope, nope.


I was like, you did not read that fast. Come On. This one had a beginning, middle, and end. Like, come on, Wesley Snipes has gotten pretty far on. Nope. You know? Yeah. Oh my God. But then he, then he delivered. He was like, You know, I gave him fantastic this ice skate uphill line. He was like, I'll do it. There Was great, so much, You know, when I watched Ted Pool and, and Wolverine, the, I mean, I'm just, I'm, I'm thinking the credit sequence at the top, You know, the, the, the, the, that Served nine, nine, that served nine purposes pretty much. But yes. Well, but I'm thinking, I'm, I'm hard pressed to think of how much was packed into one film and to just be watching.


So my son and I love that we were going to that movie and something went awry and we got there and I just said, oh, trust me, we're just gonna miss like two seconds up top. And we missed, I think we missed like 45 seconds of the opening. Yeah. That would've hurt. That Would kill me if I knew that. You know what? It killed me to the point that we went back and watched it later on to, but it's rare that you can miss 45 seconds of a movie at the top and feel like, oh shit, I've missed some sweet, sweet syrup. Because the whole thing was Jam pat, you just missed me singing along to the Marvel theme song, the Marvel.


They're so stupid. You know, my own movie, You know. But it was, they were, they were amazing. You could like make, I mean, Bob Iger was, You know, he, he saw the film and the first time he saw the film, it was in pretty good shape. And he, he said, I gotta, you gotta get, gotta remove the one line Ryan. And I was like, what? What line? You know the line? And I went, Mickey Mouse. He's like, yeah, yeah. And I was like, the bob, the whole movie orbits around that line. Like when that line is the film, it's the thrust, the, the thesis, it's everything. Right. And it's because my brain, when he says the one line is like, precious Yes. Must Keep the line. And so I really had to kinda like, walk around his office a little bit to a couple of laps.


And then it was fine. We were good. We switched it up. And he was just, he just didn't wanna Mickey Mouse, the Mickey Mouse joke in. And I, and now it got, I not because of me, they released this script for like WGA, You know, awards season and stuff. And they literally just shower these kinds of movies with awards. So, You know, I was dancing behind you and trying to suggest things at the, at the Academy Awards. Yes, you Were. Yes. You were what We're calling the Academy award situation. Yes, yes. You, you were in the situation. I love that. Nobody knows that when I hosted the Oscars, that really was you as Deadpool. Oh My God. No one knows, You know. Well, yeah. Most I Assume arthritis at this stage again.


Nope. They have pills for that too. Did you have, I have a question, which is, did you have an idea of what you wanted your trajectory to be? Would you have been happy if TV had hit and that had worked out? Or did you always know, like pretty much where you wanted to end up? Well, it's so different now. It's like now people who are in film are hoping to gain enough respect to get a TV show. Right. If I could get White Lotus, I Could Oh, get a limited series. Yeah. Yeah. I I I, I know everything happened perfectly. My whole career was an aggregate. I, it was very slow. It was never, I never experienced that overnight fame thing. And I honestly, I I I think about how lucky I am because a lot of the guys that I came into the business with are gone and a lot of them are passed away.


Or like, You know, think took these tragic, You know, turns where you hear about it, You know, one random Wednesday, you're like, what? You know, you just can't what These are friends of yours or People. Yeah. You know, in, in, in, in Los Angeles when I, when I first moved here, I lived in East Hollywood and, and You know, everyone was partying. Everyone was doing, You know, this and that. And I, I just, it was scary. It's a scary place to Yes. You know, to, to to, to be young and to have fame and money is a very, very odd combination of things. And I, I thankfully was so slow with everything. I wasn't, I wouldn't consider, like, I, I'd sort of hid it in a way, when you asked me earlier when my dad, he never made it to Deadpool. Like he never made it to that coming out.


He made it to, I was in post-production on, on October 25th in 2015 when he, when he passed away, it was three months earlier. My daughter James is named for him. So he is James Reynolds. James does not like it when I call her Jimbo Show Gro to love it, James. I know. Yeah. I am. And that's our dog Hawk Tua. Yeah. Okay. You know what, I'm gonna stop naming things. Yeah. Dont name anything anymore. Let Oh, here comes my para parakeet. Adolf. Yeah. Yeah. God Of poor son's a bitches around that time. Right. Who had that stuck with that name? God damnit.


I mean, we had a feeling that his first speech, right. Like put, You know, the put it was Nuts. You were nuts. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know what the fuck we were talking about, but, well, your, Your trajectory, but you just, you took it one step at a time. Yeah. And I think it, it allowed me to enjoy it. Like in, in points I've al I'm always uncomfortable with the thing that I'm also in pursuant of. Yes. Right. Yeah. Like your fame is a weird thing. It has a little power to it. It's odd. But like, I, I, I, I found a way to kind of make myself appreciate that part of it more because I love acknowledging and playing with the cultural landscape. Whether it's in a movie, a commercial, sports, like I don't care.


I just, I don't discriminate. I love that they're in all those, all those areas. So sharing fame made it way, way less weird for me. Like when, when like a kid comes up and says, can I get a selfie with you? I'm like, who's the most important person in your life? And they're like, my dad, Frank. And I'm like, video, I switched to video. I'm like, Frank, I'm here with fuck's your name Will, will, This is not a hostage situation. He's fine. But he wants, he, you're the most imp important person. And he's like, you are the one, you were the phone a friend that was you. You know, and then you, you let it go. It it takes just a few seconds longer than a selfie. Yes. But like now it's a fucking memory for them forever. Yeah. And it's a thing that happened. It's a great philosophy. I walk away feeling like, good About it.


It's a great philosophy. You'll attest. I I pursue people who don't want a selfie with me. Oh God. Yeah. That's, And, and say, okay, come. You're gonna like it. It's gonna be funny. I've chased children into traffic. Gimme a phone. Gimme a phone. Be good. It'd be good. Who's most born person in your life? I don Dunno who you're Oh my God. Yeah. So there's a, there's neediness and then there's neediness, but Yes. Yeah. They will enjoy that one day. No, I once made a video for Lorazepam. You know, I mean, somebody said Lorazepam was the most important thing in their life. And I was like, okay, well I'll make a video for that. Sure. I've Seen it. They air it now. Yes. That's a lot of money's at the End you missed out on, You know, and I just wanna say, 'cause I have to say this now every time I break it up, is that if you're having clay colored stool, right.


Other side effects, please consult a doctor immediately. Epam, I feel like me again. Trademark Fights our corporation. You can bleep those out, right? No, no. We are gonna get that money. Okay. Thank you very much. They got a lot of money. We'll not share it with you. You'll get none of It. The clay colored stool thing really costs them a lot too. 'cause like you don't want that. You don't? Or do you Or do you you Can pass it off as clay in our class If you listen to it. While, if you're on the toilet and you put some unchain melody on and that comes out, you're like, it's never gonna happen. But it do. No.


And tack is holding you and you're both on the toilet. Don't, this is me, you Sona. They have reverse toilet in this home. So you can sit this way. Yeah. Oh God. I've never done this before. But can We just turn off the mics? Cut. Just cut. Wrap early. I used to work with a, a studio executive who will not be named until we stop recording. And he always aimed it at, at someone, whoever talking Jesus Here, huh? Yeah. What do you Mean, Jesus? I mean, yes. We'll do your idea. Yeah. No, it means you don't point your crotch at me. I'm Going to Yeah. For those at home, Conan just went back in his chair and then aimed his crotch at everyone he was speaking to.


Yes. I learned from the best. Yes, He did. You do learn From the best, You know. Yeah. And that man could use some underwear. I tell you that much because that also is a, yeah. We are in a moment where, of course politically there's some tension between Canada and the United States over tariffs. What do you guys send us? What do we send you? And it occurred to me today that we have been getting some of the greatest comedians and comic minds and actors of all time from Canada. I don't think we've sent you shit. I don't think we've exported much to you in the, in the comedy realm. And I think if someone were to do a reckoning just comedically and you started to add up the Ryan Reynolds and the Martin Short, and the Lauren Michaels and the Mike Meyers and the, I mean, it just goes on and on.


There's a lot of them on it's, there's too many to even begin naming. And then I, Seth Rogan went to the high school up the hill from me. Yeah, there you go. No, no. Seth Rogan went to high school. Oh my God. He can read. Yeah. Fluent. A Lot of kids who go to high school can't read. No, they can, you can pass. I had to do a commercial in French Canadian the other day. And it was a, it was sort of like a a a very scary thing because when you're in those schools, you have to know French Canadian. You have to speak it fluently. Yes. Huh. And it's just, it goes away. It just goes away. If you don't use it, it's gone. So I was trying to, in French Canadian, it's just like everything, this is A terrible sob story. All the, all the, So you're French Canadian is What You're str You should do a really sad tour where you go like, people think I've got it all.


No. Yeah. Brian Reyn. But I can't speak French Canadian until I Ask for a pastry in Paris. And they're like, oh, is that French Canadian? You're speaking. Yeah. I don No, not good. We realize that Canada does have it does have a lot of fun. S wrong. But what I'm saying is you've sent us, and there I'm thinking, what have we sent? What have we sent you guys? It's not a fair What? There's an imbalance. Yeah. Bird Flow. Thanks. Thank you. So there is an imbalance of trade in that respect. And that's about as political as I get. But I think it's gotta stop and it's gotta stop now. Yeah. It's gotta stop Now. It's a good, Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I've had the arod voice in my head all day. I keep, yeah. You've heard me doing my bad impression, but I can't get it out.


It's Like a you've had I can't get it out, out, out kid. I thought you kid, he is fuck off back to Canada. Dan Arod, legendarily funny guy. But a, not someone. He's an unusual man. He is. You don't meet a Dan Arod every day and Nope. And One of the more underrated though, I think talents, oh my God. Like one of the smartest people you'll ever talk to. But yeah. Eccentric. But We were talking about how his comedic ability to, I mean he did it on SNL in so many ways, but to fire information out of his mouth in, in, in with great authority and accuracy.


No one else could do that. Like him. Like he could pump like half of the movie's. Boring exposition, make it funny. Make it entertaining into your mind in like a third of a second. It was the cra I've never seen someone speak as fast as Dan Akroyd does in Ghostbusters. He's this a speech that must have been that long on the page and it just comes out and You know what? You still hear it all. That's the trick. And I just think he's, I'm kind of a, I think I'm a little obsessed with him in, in some ways because I So He invited you to hang with him a little bit, right? Yes. But then he also wanted you to take off at some point. Yeah, you gotta Come up, you gotta come up here to Ontario kid and then we're gonna eat you dinner and you're gonna sleep over. And then in the morning we're gonna do the interview and you're gonna, you're gonna fuck off back to where he came from. That's what we're gonna do.


Bring an extra order, order Canada pin for me and put it on and do it. Let's go. You know what I love is there's a reason he made the Dragnet movie because he is Jack Webb in some ways. Yes. I think he is Jack Webb. Oh. A, because Jack Webb, If you ever watch old Dragnets asshole Jack Webb just spitting out all this information, really? Square cop, 1960s. These are Benny's, those are high haves. If you have a in his palm, he would have a list or a whole bunch of pills and he would ditto, rattle him out really quickly. Blue butterflies. Oh my god. You know, and it was hilarious. And then he did the Dragnet movie with Tom Hanks and it was, he was fantastic at it. That was back when like the miscellaneous line item on a, like a production report.


It's just like all cocaine. Like and then you guys spent $80,000 on miscellaneous in one night. What the fuck is that? Yeah. That's always the thing. I, Dan Dan also shows like a, a thing a bit. That candy, that John Candy, You know, you saw, I think you saw in Planes Trains. Yes. Which is where you're seeing a performance. It's heartbreaking, funny, vulnerable and all the thing, all the reasons I am, I have always been and will always be very much in love with Mr. John Candy. But Dan Aykroyd, if, if you've ever seen Gross Point blank. Yeah. He gives the most unexpected villain performance I've ever seen. It wasn't over the time, it wasn't kinda over, it was just grounded and weird and gr and un infinitely watchable.


Yes. When I finally tracked him down, 'cause he's elusive, I said, I owe money because I've stolen so much from him that I believe I I owe $41 million. Yeah. 41. Don't put that on paper. No, Not at all. Because He'll take it. I heard him jot it down though. But no, he, he's a just a real gentleman too. Like really, You know, just made a good stuff. And He sells a tequila that comes in a skull that's vodka, skull vodka. He's really into actual crystal skulls. Right. And the aliens and UFOs and aliens. Yeah. But come on. Did you try any, did I try? I think I've tried everything that exists At Some point. You know, trying twice. Have you tried right? Tried, Yeah.


Clay colored stool. Yes. You go back here. You you can smoke it. We don't have to go back There. Yeah, but don't smoke the lorazepam because I also have another PSA for that. And you don't, you don't want those side effects. Oh my God. Or baby formula. Don't smoke baby formula. Are We gonna list things you shouldn't smoke now? Yes, most of them. You, when you smoke, you don't know you're peeing anymore for the rest of your life. Just like, you're like, oh, it's warm now. It's cold. It's warm and comforting all of a sudden. But now, like the womb, little stingy little cold. Yeah, no, no, no, no. Yeah. But I, I, yeah, I didn't, I was never big on all of that anyway. Yeah. Me. It's probably why I'm like, as I come down a real, real heavy case of alive.


Yeah. Yeah. I've always wanted to do a non alk commercial for like one of those, You know, I wrote one, I haven't figured out how to end it all yet, but like where people do the same things drunk people do except on their non-alcoholic beverage. Yes. A choice where they're like, You know, the next, the next morning they're like, You know, there's a woman who's like, I went out with Gail and the girls the other night and I don't drink, but I had a one night stand, but this guy, and then the camera just Shifts over to him and he is like, and let me tell you something, I don't drink either. And I felt everything, You know, and, and she's like, I was awakened and basically says, You know, we got crazy in the middle of the night night and we just decided, fuck it, let's have a baby.


And we just met, I didn't know his last name. And, and and basically experiences that each people, each person has, that you would nor like think of the groom at or the, the, sorry, the the best man at a wedding, You know, gives a speech that's just fucking profound, You know? And it's not like just the letter L for five straight minutes and then a like an anecdote about himself, You know, just nails it toe pick everything. So I've always wanted, I've always wished that's, that looks like the angle, that's the angle that it would be fun with a little. You could have been an advertising you missed, you missed out. Yeah. Because I can tell when you do your, whether it's Mint mobile and I'll give you guys a plug, I think it's a fine service. That's okay. Yeah. I I it's a fine service. It's very good.


Your ads are very funny and I, I get the impression that you are behind them or steering them because you have that kind of brain. You like to say this is a commercial, but also call out that it's a commercial you love. Well they, they know they're being, I mean, cons, consumers know they're being marketed to. Yes. So don't do it, You know, don't, it's not a very special episode of Dharma and Greg. It's a fucking, You know, it's, I love commercial, You know? Yeah. But it's, well, it's, I, You know why I, I like them and, and it's sort of, it's not just me. Certainly I have a, like a, I have some of the greatest smartest people that quite frankly I find threatening who are I get to work with. I mean, Sean Levy, who I've done three movies with now, You know, it's like a brain trust and like a, there's a real, I mean, every movies that you sort of quote control are like, that's, you're not controlling it.


They just trust you. You know, you said like, Hey, I'm gonna land the plane. You know, I remember trying to, trying to get the, my Deadpool and Wolvery movie made and I just focused on that. I was like, I will return your investment. Like I will return your, I got you. Like I am not a reckless, You know, pilot. I am. I will land the fucking plane on a dime. It will be a four quadrant r-rated film. I'm gonna make Disney's first four quadrant r-rated film. And this is after they said no to 18 different things, including a movie where Deadpool is after the Hunter who killed Bambi's. Mom. Mom. They said, we don't touch Bambi. And I said, you, you said you don't touch Mickey Mouse. We don't touch Bambi and we don't touch Mickey Mouse. You know what, Given the profits and what you've shown, I think you can do it now.


Yeah, I think you can. We, we, we, we did. And we, we, yeah. It's like I, but I, that's a part of our responsibility too, is people to produce the movie and we co-write the movie and we're back to all those things. It's like making, making sure it like works. 'cause I've done movies that are, You know, small films that, You know, are in Sundance and all that stuff. And I loved making them. And they were hard to make and You know, they would get great reviews and everything, but then it would just, you'd find out later. It just bankrupted whatever little tiny studio made it. And I thought, I'm gonna be outta work. There are getting outta work. I gotta find a, I gotta find a job that fits. So it, it's a win-win. You know, if I wanna do it for the rest of my life, I'm gonna have to figure that out. And then it grew to all of it. Like all the other thing, I love Mo I loved commercials when I was a kid.


Like If you, you saw a good commercial, it stayed with you. Yes. You know, and I, and I was one of those kids, like you probably were, which you, you're sitting there two inches from the TV and just trying to stay up as late as you possible being Radiated because TVs back then ran on plutonium. Oh my God. Right. I know. And My face was melting 22 by the way. And that is Scarred for life. Oh God. Yeah. Oh My God. Yeah. No, It's just, we sometimes turn off the lights in the studio and I'm a grinning skull. Yeah. The teeth lightning has gotta stop. Really, the, the biggest change for me was, was Green Lantern because it was, You know, it didn't work and it was, it was, I watched a studio throw money at problem, at the problem after problem after problem instead of creativity.


Like, You know, constraint is the greatest creative tool in the world. And that's why like commercials, 'cause there's an economy to them. You can't have to make them quick. You have to be not precious about them. You know, it's a fucking commercial. Who cares? It doesn't have to be a Fellini film. It'll either work or it doesn't, or it moves at a speed of culture so it's at least relevant. Like it's a, it's an easier way to kind of fix it, You know? But the, that movie was where I changed my life because I just saw money. Because You, you saw this is going down or this isn't, I don't think this is coming together and they're just throwing more millions at it. Yeah. And it was really like, I, and that's hard for everyone because it's, it's, you're, you too much money. Too much time will murder creativity. Like If you have to, If you have, you're under constraint.


Like the next movie I did was Deadpool, which had a $56 million budget, I believe, which is nothing like, I think they probably spent two 50 on Green Lantern and this one had nothing. So you had to supplant or change all of these action spectacle set pieces into movies that, like, you remember the dialogue, not the thing. 'cause audiences also are newer to special effects. Like If you, the world in danger. I was like, I'd love that. The character was like, I don't give a shit about the world. Like Right. I care about those people. Right. And no one else really Does. I've been saying this, so I've been saying this for years. I refuse to see a movie at certain point. I declared, I will not see a movie that has a portal. If a portal opens in. God, We did, we did use the portal.


I know, But we did call it the, the Marvel Sparkle Circle. Yes. Yes. You had fun with it and made fun of it. There were so many movies where clearly they don't know what to do. So what they have is six people put the nine stones together and then the sky opens and anything can come out and it doesn't have to make sense. I love That this is your cause. 'cause most people are like, oh, politics and kids these days. You're like, Portals, portals, portals, portal. I saw another portal today. Yeah. Used to get off my Lawn, lawn Super market, get outta my Portal. A dragon made of fire and lava came out of the sky and punched Captain America, who's a strong man.


Yes. And he fell down, but then got up and punched the dragon and it went flying. Preach sister. I'm Sorry. I know that there's, people think there's problems with racial inequality. Oh yeah. Gender inequality. Of course there's a poverty. Poverty in the world. Don't Even get us started on tariffs. But all of that can be fixed by portals. If you'll just allow it. You know what? Dragon will come in and smash it all. Bullshit. I watch, I loved the, the use of it because you could say anything in the Dead Bull movies. So we just, You know, I loved watching, I loved watching Kevin Feige watch the, the Thing Back got Together where the Dead Bull's. Like, he's like, You know, listen, we don't have to do this.


You know, it was a big fight about to happen. And they're like, no, we're gonna fuck you up, or whatever the line is. And, and he says, no, I'm not. I mean the multiverse, It's Just, it's not, it's not working. It's not great. It's just been miss after Miss after Miss. It's been two amp Mans forward and one black Adam bat and it's not working. And, and You know, he's Kevin wince on each miss after. So funny. And, and yeah. But then what a sport like he was. But you make a really good point, which is that I do find that that's what's missing is a good movie gives you a couple of people and you, if they're doing it right, you really care about them.


I know it sounds corny, but I was watching the Third Man, Orson Wells Just Oh, Vienna. Vienna. And I'm, I watched that a couple nights ago and God, they had me caring about these three people in Vienna in 1948. And I think the movie cost $11, but oh my God, it's fantastic. And I do think that CGI had people thinking, oh, we don't need that so much as, as long as, 'cause people really care that that portal gets closed. Yeah. And, and you're like, I'm not sure they do. They don't really care if the portal gets closed. He's back on. I'm sorry On, I knew we were going back there.


The gravity, God, The scene that we've seen so many times where one character he still is, is on one side of the Glass Me and there's the radiation and it's you, it's Deadpool. I I sparked him. Yes. Oh Yeah, yeah. Deadpool Wolverine. And it's the parody that scene. And, and one of the things that, in a weird way, I got suckered into caring. I was, I was caring about the people in the scene. And then you start fucking around And once we did it, I did it just to make you laugh. And I swear to God there's one, it's actually we had to realign my head a couple times 'cause the going down the stairs. Yes. So it didn't work quite well. So we were like rejiggering it, trying to get her up. But I just did it to make you laugh.


'cause he, there he is shirtless, hasn't had a carb since the eighties. He's like, oh God. Like, You know, can we just get through this scene so I can have a bagel? And You know, I I'm fucking, it's just terrible. A horrible friend. Yeah. You know what's so sad? The first time he said it, I thought he said to make you laugh. I thought so Too. And I thought he was saying Conan, I put that in just for you. And then I realized, no, he means Hugh Yeahh. Jackman. Yeah. And I suddenly lost interest in you as a person. Well I Actually had the same problem with the Whitney Houston song. Oh. The Ball Dolly Parton song. But I always thought it was Hugh. I always, always love Hugh. And then I was like, wait you Shit. No, she meant it. She wrote it about Hugh Hefner.


Yeah. Which is weird because it's Yes. It's very sexist. Yeah. Yeah. She likes that. He's commodified women's sensuality. I don't know. It's Terrible. Modified that word's come up three times today. It has. Yeah. Yeah. I was sitting next to someone who said Comodified and I was like, I think you mean commodified. And he's smart as shit. I was like, I, but I, so I felt the power in that moment. Right. I was like, oh, I have something over you right now. Don't I? No. I knew what I was doing. 'cause I've trademarked Comodified. Oh, I got you to say, say You, you and McElhanney. 'cause it was McElhanney Robert, Robert Copernicus, mad Macle Henny was walking around here earlier. You guys were working on something in our, I We often use your office.


Yeah. You, I Usually, you're not here. You use my office to shoot a major film. No. One of your, I think for your re some project you guys were shooting something and I said Yes. Yes, of course. Mikasa Su Casa, which I believe is, I think that's Spanish. I Think. Yeah. No, that's German. Oh, that's German. Yes. Mine Casa is mine. Casa yeah. That's Susa. But it's angrier. Anyway, I saw you when I first walked in, I see you and I see Al Heney and I give you a hug and it's like, this is a, this is Ryan Reynolds is a, takes good care of himself. Works out. I I I hug you. And I'm like, well, this is an impressive lad. Yeah. And then I turn to McElhanney, I hug him. That guy Is Yes, I know Alabaster.


Yes. No, hard as a rock. Hard as a rock. Hard is a rock right Now he's Just describing it. Your heart is a Rock. Right. A hundred percent Mle. He's I saw him without his shirt. How you feeling now? There, but Yeah, you guys were expertly lit and in slow motion in my mind. Oh yeah. When I saw you guys coming together. No, no. Mle Henny Don't, don't don't sleep on that body if while sleep on it, If you can. Happily married though, so don't try. But he's, You know, he's a rock. He's a beast. Yeah. Incredible. So yeah, Rob, I, I treat with respect. You better with kindness. Yeah. Occasional condescension and that's about it. Yeah. Mostly just those things. But he did say Comodified was not great. Yeah. He fucked up. Not me. Yeah. I wouldn't do that.


Just finished a, like two years of just in the guts of something, You know, with the, I always think of film and they say filmmakers like Sean Levy is more like a brother. We say we just love each other. Three movies together. We're gonna do a fourth one at some point. But that, like, filmmaker word is not broad enough though, because like, it's so when movies work, you guys talked about this on one of the shows. I think it was like Adam Scott, the how, like they're hard to make a movie. A movie's hard to make. Right. It's Impossible. Yeah. Like everyone has to be excellent. Like really, and and Care people sort of underestimate how valuable caring is. And You know, when you work with a props department or a production designer who in his cells wants to make the best possible, our Deadpool and Wolverine, Ray Chan, he passed away unfortunately on our last fucking day of shooting too.


It was really sad. But it was one of those things where in post we got to put Easter eggs of them everywhere in the movie. But that movie would never have done what it did or connected with people the way it did without this guy. And I consider a production designer, a filmmaker. Sometimes a costume is a filmmaker, sometimes it's a, You know, cinematographer. It's just, these are a, it's a va more vast pool than I think people realize. You know, there's a lot, like, it's part of why it changed my trajectory when I was at the right time was, You know, you do a movie and you're working with people who, if there's one person in charge, and that is it My way or the highway, you get everyone into a Yes sir. No, sir. You know, like when I pitch a joke, I'm always like, okay, here's the shittiest version possible, but, and what I'm actually doing is inviting dissent.


I want you to disagree, like disagree with me because then, then we're gonna have fun. It's gonna get better. Right. Right. And you may have an idea that it's amazing that you've suppressed because I'm like, this is the way, but it's that pool always has to be expansive and, and then you make great stuff. And then it's why movies are like, You know, I was so happy you were hosting the Oscars because like you, I think you've now and have always understood the joy of a, of collective effervescence. It's why you work in front of a, of a live audience a lot too. Which is why, You know, the some friends, You make things with people. Yes. Which always the, the, the magic is we, this is a group of us. If you have a good audience, you can make them part of it.


I like, I think it's coming from a, a family. Yeah. I like to do things with people. That's another example of why I love this man. And, and now I guess you gotta Say my name because they might be confused. No, He's pointing to me. No. Gail Cone. Cone. Has anyone ever gone Cone Cone? They've never gone Cone, cone. Let's not do that. The, the, the, the the reason I love you is that you, you don't, you don't punch down. Like it's not your vibe and it's a good Oh No, I would very much like to be the joke. This is the best target. Yes, Me too. Like I, I've done it. I did it once in, in in my life and I deeply, deeply regretted it. And I, it was 22 years ago and it was such a lesson they'll never forget. And Yeah. Yeah. And I said something late night, but it was a little bit like when the just a comedian or the guy with the microphone starts picking on someone, you're just like, they don't have a microphone as well.


Yeah. It's not fair. You know, and it's a, and it just, that land that that was left a mark that I'll never, ever Yeah. You can't forget. If you think you've really hurt someone's feelings, you ca as crazy as it sounds, and you're in comedy, If you really think you've hurt someone's feelings, unless it's Mussolini or Stalin, the fuck, how did You know I didn't, you George, you George, you have trouble. It can't sleep. You know, you wake up and you just, You Know, wide away. It was, yeah. And the, and the person, it gets worse. I, I wrote a long note to the person afterwards and I said, I don't know why that came outta my mouth. And it was because I'd seen them like the couple days before. Yes. Yeah. Near the apartment. I was renting in Santa Monica, this is so long ago.


And I sent, I wrote a long letter to him, sent him a, a case of champagne. I don't know, I was young who no one drinks champagne. Right. I don't know. And later I read a story about his wife saying that he fell off the wagon back in June and I Oh no. Yeah, no, it was, I did, I had no idea this was before. You don't just Google someone. Oh. Like, I didn't Know. So you mocked him and then your apology was, my apology. Send him life, the substance this that he had successfully kicked Fuck Me. Like I really, and then so that's where I got the lesson to never apologize. Never You, if you're listening right now, now Ground, Don't apologize. Yeah, no, no, I did.


He's fine. He's fine and wonderful. And, and may I say thriving, but yes, I will tell you that I have had the same thing just like twice in my career where I said something, it just slipped outta my mouth. I'm doing a volume business. It got back to me that the person's feelings were hurt and it felt like I had been shot and I wrote a letter and sent it to them. Like, I'm so sorry that, You know, You know, That means every, I mean, as parents, you see, I mean, know Exactly. Blake and I do that all the time with the kids. If you like, I, If you get down, kneel down to their level and you say, Hey, when we last night when I, you wouldn't, You know, go to bed and you, you did all that the sorry, street art on the wall. I could have handled that better and I wasn't great.


Yes. I wasn't good at dad. And, and, and, and I'll even do the do-over, I'm like, can I try, can you make some more street art? Fuck over there, but on the paper and I will come in and I'll do it again. Better. Look, you're asking For a retake. Yeah. Basically. That is what I'm doing. I'm IMing Let's go again. Who doesn't want a child acting Sociopathic monster. Let's skip, let's skip the showbiz and just enroll you straight into cocaine right here. And then go into showbiz with all your injuries, emotional injuries. Yeah. We have to wrap this up because we've kept you for too long. And you're a man in demand. Ryan, you are one of my favorites. I say that at the end of every podcast.


I know, I Sometimes I'm talking, I'm react sometimes I'm talking to absolute criminals in jail. Yes. And I say, you're one of my favorite people and I believe you're innocent of those 19 murders. Yes. Which you would confess to Jay Leno felt we were all looking for the Hampton in, You pushed him down that hill. Who doesn't look for a Hampton Inn when you're, You know, Millionaire Ryan, you are, you are so fast. You were so fast and so funny and making so many people happy. And I am thrilled that we could spend time today and hang out. I, I've never seen four hours go by as fast as it just did. No, I'm serious. I I, this is one of those things where you, when I, I could tell in your voice, it's time to wrap it up.


And I got genuinely sad. Aw. Because I, You know, you are an idol of mine. You are somebody who I've watched and dare I say that the risk of Overpraising look up to and always have, always will. Because you're kind, you have integrity and you can, that doesn't mean it costs you subversive comedy or any of those things. All that edge is there. And it is a high bar. You set. You always have. And, and that's, that's, that's Jesus. That's why I did the Jay Leno thing. I just, I, You Know, I fucking snapped and I, I don't know what you're talking about. I forget everything before 2010. It's all gone. But you didn't forget my wire numbers.


Cayman Islands Ryan, thank you so much and God bless. I God blessed. Bless you. And I am a God, so God bless you. Yeah, I know you are. Deity Deus, what is that? Is it isn't there that Deus is the thing You stand behind when you talk. It's comodified co. Well, hey, at least we got, at least we stopped the landing going out. That's the important Thing. Also, we talked about a lot of Canadians. Thank you for That. You I'm saying and it, there's a huge trade imbalance here. Yeah, we're gonna work on that. Yeah, we're gonna, we're gonna have a caucus. Is that what we say? We caucus on it. We're gonna, okay. Don't do that. Legislative Branches, keep caucus Your worship in Canada. That's a fun one. Yeah. You have to say your worship to the judge. Do you Have the little honor of Canada yet? Have you had that? I do have it, yeah. Okay. You know who, one of the people I think wrote the letter was Lauren.


That's Nice. It's a nice man. I think he, he, he won't admit to it. Alright Sir. Thank you. Go with Thank you guys. Go with Thank you all. Go With blessings. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sono of Cession and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gourley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aren Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent Booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Con.


You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan. And If you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded.