
Sure we got blue jeans, baseball, bald eagles. But come on, there's really nothing as American as the burger, right? Mm. And there's nothing more burger than the Sonic Smasher. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, this thing is made to order. Hand smashed Angus beef patties seared to perfection with those incredible crispy edges that make you want to start a slow clap. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. That kind of slow clap where you're like, yeah. Sonic, you brought the Sonic Smasher. Then there's the layered melty cheese. Crinkle cut pickles and onions too. On top of it all. Oh my mind splitting. Try the Sonic Smasher is a double. Or why not? God forgive us all A triple. Make the Sonic Smasher your next new favorite burger. Live Free Eat Sonic.


Sona. Wouldn't you say that life is full of personal wins? I Would Conan. Thanks, Sona. Whether it's cleaning your house, getting that dream car, or checking off your to do list, winning at life is a great feeling. I'm pretty good at winning at life, aren't I? Sona? Are. Are you Okay? Keep moving. State Farm helps you win by helping you create an affordable price just for you. Doesn't that sound like a win, Sona? That I like An affordable price just For me. Yes, you do. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on ratings, Plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer. Availability Amounts of discounts and savings and eligibility buried by state. That's my low voice.


Hi, my name is Sarah Silverman and I feel Rejoice slash dead inside About being About being Conan O'Brien's. Friend. I love How you had to look down at the paper and see what my name is. We met in 1993. You're one of my earliest talk show guests. Yes. And you're checking the page to see what my name is. O'Brien To School. Ring Bell Loose. Climb the fence.


Friends. I wish I could be me. I'm my favorite member of my family tree. What the fuck? Oh my God. What? See, this is Why thought. We need to roll. We're actually rolling now. Oh, we are? I thought I heard every one of your crazy songs. Okay. We're starting. But that one I'd never heard before. We're starting This podcast with that song we're in right now. Okay. Well, yes. I'm Colonel O'Brien, and then blah, blah, blah. So no, blah, blah, blah. Listen, I, I say so much nonsense all the time. Yeah. That I'm always stunned when something burbles out of my mouth that you haven't heard before. Me too. But I just did it. Yeah. I just said, what did I say? My favorite person is me. I'm my favorite member of my family tree.


Yeah. I wanna be me. I wanna be me because I'm my favorite member of my family tree. Did you just make that up? I think I did. I've never heard true. I don't know. It's, It rings True and it's a stupid thing to say. It's so stupid. Who would say I wanna be me? 'cause I'm my favorite member of my family tree. These things spill out of me all the time. All time. As I've said, brushing my teeth in the middle of the night. I'll wake up and I'll say something like that. Sometimes I'll put it to music And the listeners should know that you hear Conan in an unhinged form on the podcast. I would multiply that times It's like eight. Yeah. Pre-recording. That's what it's like in here, I think. Yes. I'm trying to be responsible somewhat. Yeah. When we do this, and I should probably stop, but I don, over the years, everyone always said there was the meeting after the show.


You were around for those Sona. I was. Every meeting You were around for those before the meeting, before the show. When we were going over the jokes and the band is playing and the audience is loaded in. That was pure insanity. Insanity. And then the meeting afterwards was unhinged insanity. Yeah. As Was rehearsal. Rehearsal was often a a, a mad king. A mad syphilitic king. This is feeling right. Caligula, who's putting his horse? Yeah. In charge of the, making him his horse. A senator Only. I have a, a fender guitar strapped on and don't Forget the syphilis. All the syphilis. Yeah, syphilis. And the horse had syphilis too. Yeah. The point being that these are just little snippets that I guess are somehow, what's wrong with me?


Syphilis. I don dunno. Is it Syphilis? It's not syphilis. Okay. I get tested every day. Wait, is This how you were as a kid? Yes. Like would you go around muttering like, I like I wanna be Me? Would You say there was a lot of say things like that. Lot of craziness. And I mean, we've talked about this, but anytime I played any sports activity with other kids, right. All I did was talk and make up who I was and to describe who my character was and how I'd been in prison. But I just got out because I had murdered a fan in the stands. But now they're giving me a second chance. I knew my name, I knew my whole backstory. And my brother Luke, my poor brother, Luke is a saint. He's a year older than me, would be like, just play the game. Yeah. We'd play this, these pickup basketball games.


And these people sometimes wouldn't even know me. And I'd be like, eh, see, this is who I am. See, you Did it in front of people you didn't even know Sometimes. Yeah. So Like, there was never this thing in your brain that was like, oh God, people are gonna think I'm crazy. You were just like, Whatever. I guess there's no stopping it. Okay. I did go to a summer camp once, and I don't think the kids like me that much, but this one camp counselor was, I was on a trip and I made up this whole story about a bird. A bird that was the size of a human that was running through the woods. And I made up this whole thing and I was just babbling and improvising this whole thing. And this guy was crying. He was laughing so hard. Oh my God. And he got back and he was like, that kid is really, and they were like, that guy, I don't like that guy.


And they were like, I'm telling you, he's really funny. Tell them about the thing you told me on the trail and I couldn't recreate it. They still hated me. Did People really dislike you? Like, did You know, do you think that like, you walked into a room and people were like, oh God, Conan's here. I think when I first showed up, people were like, this, here's, I looked like the Wendy's logo with a bull haircut. And I had a weird name and I was not good at sports. So I think maybe initially, but then I always, I think people came around old cozy. Yeah, I think so. It paid off. Yeah, it did. Look at You now. Did look at me now in a whole career. In a small room. Look at what, look at you now. In a small room at Larchmont in Los Angeles. You, you're working with us. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. Look at us. We're here.


Wow. A podcast with my assistant, the creme de la creme of show business. You know that after Dean Martin broke up with Jerry Lewis, he just spent a co bunch of later years just touring around with his assistant. And it was, is that true? Nope. Made it up. Oh, come on. They made movies. Man. Why do I follow, why do I believe everything you say? Because I have a certain authority. My guest today is a very funny comedian whose latest comedy special postmortem is available to stream on Netflix. Starting Tamara. See how I said Tamara? Yeah. I'm thrilled she's here. Lover. Who doesn't? Sarah Silverman. Okay. We gotta do it again. Like before you, you gotta pause before the You're right, you're right, you're right.


Why didn't you mention it? Well, I've mentioned it multiple times in room. I hope you fall downstairs soon. But you're not hurt, but it's scary, it's frightening to you. Okay. The fall is frightening. Okay. I'm Processing that, but thank you. It's scary and you're scared by it. Okay. That's what I hope happened too. It's a very specific wish. Yeah. I wish you ill, but not that understand it. I Hope maybe you have a bruise too. All Right, let's try this again. Okay. And For the listener's sake, if you've been listening chronologically, we're trying to get Conan to leave a pause. 'cause some music comes in and it just never Happens. I think, You know, You know what we need to do? We need to make some kind of symbol right here. Be between She's here and then I'll do it again. I'll, I'll do that. My guest today is a very funny comedian whose latest special postmortem is available to stream on Netflix starting tomorrow. I'm thrilled she's here Every time.


Sarah Silverman. Welcome. When I was thinking about today and all The way you've been dreaming about today Yes. And masturbating about today. Oh, hey. Oh No. But like what? With tears, You know, like the way you do it. And I cry when I masturbate. It's true. I don't know why this happened, but all I all I've been singing on the way. Are you still laughing about you crying when you masturbate? I guess. Yeah. Laughing to cover up the fact that it might be true. Go ahead. I've been singing Conan Don't be discouraged.


The Man He Isn't Hard to Underst. Is that right? I can't remember The rest. He song from Chico and the Man. Oh yeah, Chico. Don't be discouraged. But you've made it Conan. I love that. Conan don't be discouraged. Yeah. I was a my parody version. Yeah, but I, the names, but it lines up. 'cause I often, I'm always worried the the man is hard to understand. So it lines up a lot of kids listening right now are thinking, what's Chico in the man? It was a very popular, very popular sitcom. Huge starring Freddie Prince. And, and then it ended when the star of the show ended his own life. Yes. Kind of tragically it was a big deal when, when I was a kid. It was huge. I just remember the guy, the comic that gave him the gun was like the youngest comedian ever to be on The Tonight Show or something.


Oh Really? Oh, I like fun facts. I mean, it isn't the funnest facts. No, maybe not. Yeah. Your fun facts are terrible. Fun fact, a fetus can only live two minutes outside the womb if it's less than six months old. Fun facts. If it's not fun, then why are we all Laughing? You're right. I think that's a good point. Yeah, it's a very Good point. Why didn't wanna wear my glasses? There she is. I see you now Sarah. I come to both name Drop and Compliment you, which is, I had breakfast this morning with a certain Mr. Billy Crystal who was raving about your show bed wetter.


He went to see the Mu Oh yeah. He went to see the musical. He went to see the musical and he was like, it's terrific. It's fantastic. Because I said, I, I've gotta go, I've gotta go see. And then I got to name drop with him. I'm gonna go see Sarah Silverman and have a conversation. He's like, oh, you gotta tell her. Her show is amazing. Her show is fantastic. So that's what I'm starting with. I mean, obviously we had some other talk in there first about fetuses dying, crying while masturbating. And of course, You know, some stuff that went a little south. But now we get to the good stuff, which is a big compliment from North. Yes. We go north with, with, with Mr. Billy Crystal. Loving your show. So congratulations. Yay. Thank you. Yeah, it's in DC It closes in a week or it's probably closed by the time this hits people's ears.


But hopefully it will go to whatever. Cut this part out. No, keep This part in. Thank you. It's this, I think drops in 2028. This Is the clip. People will be listening to it on their jet packs. I'm very happy when I hear that you're gonna come in and do the podcast. I was like, eh, I got the day off. This is the day off. This isn't work talking to you. It's Work. Is it for you? No. For you. No, it's not. No. I've always, I I you, you're the best. I mean, I love talking to you. I love talking to you. You're Ray of sunshine and I think in the community of show business, the business of show, who doesn't like them? Some Sarah Silverman. Everybody loves Sarah Silverman.


Yeah. Huh. Yeah. When you have a party, everybody shows up. Yeah. Like when you have these rooftop parties, I mean, these guys don't, sorry. Aw. Well I'm, come on. Come. Well it's awkward, but the people I see at your parties, it's incredible. It's amazing. I know. There's like no one where you are trying to avoid a conversation. I feel, I feel like everyone has a joy to see. Yeah. Even this guy, Even this guy, even This guy. Very exciting that you can, When I show up, people are, even the biggest stars. Get excited. Owen Wilson couldn't work up the nerve to come up and talk to me. He, he, he, he, yeah. It was exciting to see. It was, I don't know. And You know what I admire about you?


You're very funny and you keep branching out. I saw you in Maestro and I thought, you are a terrific actor. Is that something that you've wanted to do? Did you think about acting? Because I always, You know, I didn't know if that was something that you had like an arrow in your quiver for a while. You're just like, I wanna try this at some point. And what is This acting thing? Yeah. No, I always wanted to be an actor. Really? Yeah. But I always wanted be a comic. And then that really is, You know, more like, I always think that's like being gay, being a comedian, You know? 'cause you're like born that way. Right. There's nothing you can do about it.


Right. And you should just let your freak flag fly. Yes. But I, yeah, I like acting, but I, well it's not up to me, but I feel that people can, I can get lost in a character. And you aren't like, that's Sarah Silverman. Right. But I understand that people tend to worry about that because they go, oh, but everyone knows her and they like, You know, she's like herself. You were not though. That's what I thought Wasn't That's What I thought. Thought. But it wasn't. And I had, that's what I thought was interesting about in, You know, I, when I saw you on Maestro, I thought, no, that you're, you were just this other person. Yeah. And it was not, there was no speed bump of, now I have to adjust my dials. Thank you for Sarah Silverman.


I thought you really did a beautiful job. Well, I Audition, You know, I always wanna audition. 'cause I, You know, I wanna like get the part 'cause they like what I, You know, whatever. I'm, now I'm embarrassed. This isn't funny or anything. Well, This, why can't we just have a conversation? What's wrong with that? We can have laughs later. Well pipe 'em in. Laughs here. I always, You know, love to audition. Wow. Isn't it funny that the sound of like a million people laughing is like a whisper sound effect. Yes. Wow. That's horrifying. That sounds like wind coming through the trees and a murderer's chasing me.


That's like, when you see, that didn't sound like a, a lot of people being happy, but maybe you're right. He goes, when that many people cheer, it sounds like death is on its way. How do You do it? How do you do that? Well, Huge crowd. Laughter. Imagine. Yeah, You're right. That you're right. Just sounds like a gentle tool. I know it's, no, that's a guy who's got, had a tracheotomy and he and the tube came out and he is running around the hospital trying to get it plugged back in again. What did I lose? The crowd here? What's happening? All right, so it's the same. We're both doing the same cent. I'm gonna take my jacket off and if you think it's too sexy, I'll put it back on. Fuck Jesus.


My God. Wow. Okay. You Know how to wear teal. A little teal for you right there. That is A great color on you. Isn't this nice? Your Eyes pop. They make the old pee's pop. That's for Sure. God Doesn like the papers pop. I distracted you. You like to audition, but they still know it's you and they know that, You know what I'm saying is you can't go in anonymously. So sometimes you might even have a higher bar to clear because they're like, oh, it's Sarah Silverman. Yeah, no, no. People won't get lost in it. You know, whatever. Like, I, I, I, this great writer director had a series on Apple plus. Oh, I guess I shouldn't say that.


Whatever. And he asked me to be in it and a great role. And I was like, great. You know, and then, and I've had to do this before too, so I had compassion, but he, he had to call me and be like, I'm horrified. The people at Apple Plus don't want you for the part. They feel like the people won't get lost in you or whatever. And I was like, I totally understand that because I had a pilot once and I asked this amazing director to direct it and he got right back to me and he was like, yes, I'm in. And he is like this awesome, cool far out director. And then it was for NBC years ago. And they were like, oh no, we don't approve him. What? Oh my gosh.


I know. It was awful. Ah, so not that good a story, but thank you for your, this is how you react in a podcast. It, it's, I'm killing Luke. I am your father. It's kind of close to that. I I think that there were many years where I could have made it when I was young as a leading man. Who Would you play? I think I was held back by my small eyes. Yeah. My thin lips. Right. My prominent eye vein and my complete inability to be someone other than Colonel O'Brien.


I think those things other than that tragically held me back So unfair, I think. Yes. And I think I needed to, I wish I had broken through those walls because I also, I, I think, I can't hear the word walls without thinking Pussy walls go on. I don't know. Why is that even a word? Well, now neither can I Because now you just, that just fucked me up completely. Like the, like The labia, I don't know. I don't know where I've heard pussy walls. The phrase, and I'm sorry to interrupt, I'm to, I am interested in the story you were telling, whatever it was. But yeah, Let's, let's break this down. Are these interior or exterior walls? I'm, in my mind it's interior walls. That makes sense to me. I don't know where I've heard it or why it's so embedded in me, but like, whenever I'm watching The Bachelor or Bachelorette, which is any given Monday.


Sure. Yeah. They always say like, You know, and I put up my walls and I always say out loud pussy walls. And then my boyfriend who's like in another room hears it and is like, knows exactly what's happening. 'cause it's like a, it's almost like an OCD thing, but is have you guys heard that? Well, I'm curious. I've never heard Ey in 1989 when the brew and wall fell, did you say that? Poor woman? I mean, I'm just curious. I think that's a, I think that's a great joke. And I think it deserves something. Mr. Gorbachev tear down this pussy wall. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I'm going for. It's more it has to be plural. Or like, who was the vice? Oh, can you believe, I can't remember the vice pre the guy who ran for vice president with Kamala Walls.


Oh yeah. Waltz. Yeah. Tim, it is Tim Walls. Yeah, I, that also in my head, I was likey Walls. Well, that's probably what cost him the election. What is that called? Pussy walls. Why do I have, is that a phrase? I Don dunno that that's something we can Google and find out. I don't Course it's Google Pussy Walls. I tried. Please. I'm just saying you're gonna get something. Try it with a Eduardo tried. Well, what I'm, what I'm curious about is now it's in my head so that if I go to say we need to repair these walls, meaning structural, You know, damage to my home. Yeah. From the recent California fires, we need to repair these walls. I'm gonna go to pussy walls. And that's gonna cause all kinds of problems in the household. So you've done this, you've, you've ruined my mind.


That Was, I mean, hon honestly, a little bit. My hope for all of you is that it's infected. That's interesting. Now you jumped right in with a specific part. The Labia. I thought That Just don't do that. Just, I Mean, that's kind of the labia of the vagina. The, the pussy walls. She's talking as opposed to he's just very, he's very weird. When you, you say things like labia Labia is the lips. Yeah. Yeah. I recently learned all this. Vagina is the hole. The is the hole where the penis closes in and the baby comes out. Oh Yeah. The urethra is not on your clitoris, but it basically is, I think it's like under the hood of it or something. And it's the tiniest hole that somehow like five streams come outta.


And then it's Crazy. I'm learning shit. No, I didn't know. I I'm a grown ass adult with two children and I'm learning. I didn't, okay, keep going. And Then the vagina is just the hole. It's not the whole, it's not the thing. The thing is called a labia. I've been spanked about this. Mm Bet you have. Wow. Yeah. I think, Wait, what's the matter with you? You look like you're about to pass out. Don't project on me, but I'm fine. I Did you guys know all this? I, I think I did from anatomy class. Great. Wow. I think I learned it from his anatomy books. Yeah. And I got it all wrong. Yeah. This was not discussed at any point during my life.


Right. And then later on, You know, you, you learn things. Yeah. And I mean, recently, which is shocking today, but Yeah, it's okay right now. Right? Yes. From Sarah. But I, it's incredible that yes, we should be able to talk about this freely. We should be adults and we should talk about this freely. I mean, but Also like, as a, I would say straight men and gay women have like an actual view of the vagina that I have not had. Where you really like, can see everything. Yeah. Or You know, I mean it's Like what the terminator vision. Like we have little, and there's little readouts on the side. I mean, times in my life when I've been down there, there's these little readouts. What did it Say?


What does it say? Like, run away. It says do not Engage. Do not engage. Do not engage. Flee, flee. Hostile. Flee. Hostile, hostile. You know, it's, it's, it's green and there's these digital readouts on the side and Yeah, it's, I see that. I picture it like it has, it's like pulled back with little pins. Like the Oh, like a, like a butterfly Or Yeah, like a frog that you dissect or something. Oh Man. No, it's file. Oh yeah. Because it's so many folds. I, I I, I, You know what I want? I wanna, I don't know if I, I don't know if mine is one time many years ago.


I'm sorry, I'm talking way too Much. This is fantastic. Oh, I love this one time gather round kids campfire. Go ahead. Who was upstairs? I mean, this is a visual. Really? Wait, can I have your pen? Sure. I don, but I was at the cellar a million years ago. The comedy seller. That's the comedy seller. Sorry. Yeah. And I was sitting at a booth across Mark Marin, and I don't remember who suggested this, honestly, but we both, we each drew a picture of a vagina and then we showed it to each other. And it was so embarrassing. 'cause mine was like, I, we exposed it and then his was like that, like two parentheses in a line. Yeah.


And then mine was like, so much, it was so much detail. But like, I don know if that's just me. I, I've, I don't think that my vagina is like, maybe that's more of a expressionist. Do you do that? Doesn't it looks like a salad. No, I don my vagina looks like a salad. I don dunno if, is that not I, You know what? Yeah. I, I can see that. It's Like, yes, the hot dog bun. But then if you open that up, there's a world, A whole world to be found. You guys wanna, I don't Know, what is it? Nikki Glaser said that her, it looked like a hastily packed suitcase.


Yes. Image got into my head. That's So funny. Yes. Different perspectives. There's the, of course, the Mark Marin perspective. Keep in mind he wears glasses. So maybe he didn't have his glasses on. You know, when he is, when he is. But that Said, I've never been face to face with a vagina. Oh, come on. Alright. No, I mean, I, You know, I remember my stepsister wanted to go on Shark Tank and try to sell a vagina mirror, which would just be like basically a, a mirror on a selfie stick or something. But you could do that with an iPhone. And I have, I guess so. Wait a minute. Your sister wanted to sell that as A product. It's a million dollar idea, Isn't it?


It's a rear view mirror. It's a, it's a rear view mirror on a sort of, Yeah. Well what is it? Listen, someone put wheels on luggage like way too late. No one thought of That is true. When wheels went on luggage, I go, I can't believe that it took this long to put wheels on luggage. Right. Why? Was there ever why were where was, were there ever? No. You Think Leonardo da Vinci would've thought of that?


You know me, Sona, sometimes I like to get away from the hustle and bustle of the podcast. The television show for Max. Yeah. My rock and roll concerts. Oh. Why my, my modeling gigs. I like to just disappear, get away for the weekend. And You know what, when I do, I like to think, Hey, maybe I could host on Airbnb my place. Yeah, I think you could. And then I think Yeah. But it's just covered in pictures of me. It really is. There's a lot of pictures of you. Giant paintings of me with Yeah. Various Bassett hounds I never own but you Yeah. You do this all the time. I do. And I'm actually planning a camping trip to Kern River and I am going to put my place on Airbnb while I'm gone so I can make a little extra money. And guess what? I just got a sweet new blender so people staying at my place can use that blender. That's Nice. Yeah. People looking for, I bet a lot of people are saying, well, I, yeah. I, I don't care what kind of place I'm in as long as it has a blender. Oh. It's a, It's an amazing blender for anybody who wants to stay at my place and I can make a little extra money while I'm out under the stars. It just makes so much sense. Yes. In these modern times it does. Just think about it. If you host while you're traveling, it's a great way to offset some of the cost of your own trip. Yeah. Your home might be worth more than you think. Find out how much at airbnb.com/host.


This is an ad for the active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. And You know what? That's a mouthful. Yeah. It's, it's a lot to say, but I did it. It's a lot of word. You know what, it's a mouthful because it packs a lot in. Hmm. You can earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases with it big or small. So Whether it's buying tickets to the game with your mom or grabbing a coffee with your dog, my dog doesn't drink coffee. Earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases made with it. Learn more at wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply.


This is an advertisement from Better Help. Mental Health Awareness is growing. But let's face it, there's still a lot of progress to be made. Many people avoid seeking mental health support 'cause they fear judgment stigma. Old ideas about what needing or wanting therapy can bring about. When people hesitate to get help, it doesn't just affect them. It impacts everyone around you, families, workplaces, and entire communities. So I wanna encourage everyone to take care of their wellbeing and break the stigma better. Help has over 10 years of experience matching people with the right therapists from their diverse network of credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Better help is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide. And here's something that's key. It's very easy to switch therapists anytime at no extra costs as the largest online therapy provider in the world. Better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. We're all better with Help everybody. Our listeners get 10% off their first month@betterhelp.com slash Conan. That's better. HE p.com/ Conan.


What I wanna do is take this episode so far and maybe the whole thing in its entirety and play it for a group and have them turn the dials so that there's, You know what I mean? And just see what happens when we take some of these turns. Do You know what I mean? And I, I wanna say an older crowd. An older crowd that say remembers the Korean War. Well, and I, and I want them to be able to like, turn the dials and just to see what would happen. Wouldn't you be interested? I get it. I mean that would be fun. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it does take a lot of twists and turns. Yeah. Like a vagina, Right? No, it what? Yeah. What do you mean twists and turns? I don Dunno what I said. China's like driving in Italy. It's like, You know, You could get killed at any moment. You can't believe there's only one lane.


There's there's an ocean. There's like a huge cliff with an ocean. Suddenly there's a burrow in the road. This is, this just reminds me exactly of the Dana Carvey conversation I have. This is why I don't worry about you. I don't worry about you at all. 'cause we start talking and then suddenly vaginas are flying around. I did think of something yesterday that I thought only Conan will. Well, You know, I mean, gosh, I I, I can't really do this in standup because I don't feel like anybody would remember. But I do think that they should reveal the Epstein files. But it should be the Juan Epstein files and all of them are signed.


Epstein's mother From Mr. Man. This is your second seventies sitcom reference. I know. I love it. Mr. Kotter, do you, did you ever watch Welcome Back, Kotter? I watched it on Nick at night. Yeah. Because I went through a Travolta phase and I, I just loved, I loved that show. I don But it's silly, right? Oh yeah. It's just, It's not considered like, is it considered like, like a prestige television back then? I Don't think so. I don't think so. I know it was a huge, for me, it was a huge thing when I was in fifth, sixth grade, people would put up their hand to go Ooh, ooh, ooh. Like Arnold Horse Shack. And everyone thought that was hilarious. I Had a, my sister and I had a welcome back.


Kotter Trash can What? Yeah. Like, No, they Make lunch lunchbox. They don't make trash cans. No. Ours for, we had a trash can. And it said like, I'm gonna call you schools out 'cause you have no class and like all the different things they say. And We Laughed and threw away our garbage. Well, I'm glad you saved that Juan Epstein joke. For me, It just seemed like the right place. So it's the Epstein files. Right. But it's Juan Epstein from Welcome Back. Otter. Well, We know Trump is all over those, the actual list. So he, that's probably what he would, maybe he would reveal that and be like, what I said I was gonna, and I did.


So Trump is gonna release the Juan Epstein files from welcome back Potter to throw everyone off the scent from the real Epstein and then say those are the, okay. I get it. I understand. So the Logs are basically just be Juan Epstein and Juan Epstein's mother. Yes. Yes. Which was okay. Disgusting people from criminals. Are You a conspiracy theorist? I don't know. I mean, the moon landing was fake. Are you? I don't know. I am not. No, I am, I am one of those people that thinks the simplest explanation is usually the correct one. Occam's razor. There you go.


I shave with it every day. I didn't even go to college. You don't need to go to college. Yeah. I I I I'm not, I am not. I'm When, when people say, Hey man. Yeah. You know what I think happened, man, I, I'm not in on that, on that ride usually. Yeah. My, the guy who does my makeup is really fell into a whole thing about how the challenger didn't really explode. And all those people are still alive and Right. You know, and, and I, You know, I was in, I was in ninth grade and we watched it because there was a teacher from Concord, the next town over Christie McCullough. Yeah. Who Was killed. Yeah. Yeah. Well, or was she, where Are they? Where does He say they are?


They're just living regular lives. Oh. And with different names. Does He ever explain why? No. The people on the challenger would agree to this. You all have families and stuff, but we're gonna pretend that you blew up and then you're all gonna live on in different parts of Cincinnati. And what was the reason with different names? The reason for faking it. Does he say That? Yeah, exactly. No, that it doesn't. I don't know. See that's the thing is they don't ever even need a reason. Yeah. They don't even need a reason. Hey man, you're not thinking it through, man. I'm sorry. That's my idea of most conspiracy theorists. I'm sorry. If you're a conspiracy theorist and you're listening out there, I, I think you're wrong. Well, Like conspiracy theorists don't call themselves conspiracy theorists. Right. Right. It's like cults Don't call themselves cults.


I have a friend who I'm, I know I feel confident, grew up in a cult. And he goes, it's not a cult. I go, they you wouldn't know. Yeah. You're in it. Right. Did he have to? It doesn't, there's no punchline to that. I just, There doesn't have to be until you call it out. And then, You know what I mean? That's just it. We're in it, man. We're talking about it. You know, we're all in the flow. There's no need for there to be a big boom boom. You know, we're past that. We're in a new, we're in a post comedy world now. I don last Surfer pussy walls. Exactly. Mr. Gorbachev tear down that pussy wall. I'm telling you, Sony, you're onto a great new routine.


This is a good routine for you. I Can't do this routine. This is Sarah's routine. No Pusy Giving. No, but you guys, yeah. Oh, thanks. She's giving, she does not want it. Oh, okay. Well, I don't do stand up. Did anything come up when you searched pussy walls? The only thing I could find, which Eduardo and I, I think agreed. Not. And he was looking for this long before you came in. That's right. I looked at my internet search history. I looked back and instead of cock blocking that he got puss, she got pussy walled. Oh, I thought I've heard of that as clam jamming. Oh, clam jamming probably. But that the leaf wonderful. The dictionary said that. And then the other thing Clam jamming. Yeah. I totally got clam jam. It's a clam Jam. Oh, black Betty clam a jam.


Yeah. And then Did you try it as two words or one word? It, Well, it says two. I I I think clam. I think it's incorrect. We don't know. We still dunno. I think It's, did he try one word with a ZI So, so my first thought was, it has had to have appeared in a rap song somewhere. And sure enough, there's like a couple lyrics where it says like, ripping through the pussy walls. Oh Yeah. So I don't think you wanna do, you don't wanna do that. I don know. 'cause that feels like we making a lateral move to the side or something that, that doesn't seem right. You know what I mean? Right. It doesn't sound like it feels good. Yeah. This is the least hot and heavy talk ever with the about intercourse. The lateral move.


Lateral move Near the vaginal wall. Well, I didn't want could Lead to tearing. You explain. Oh, vaginal wall. Vaginal walls. It's Vaginal wall. It's the Hymen. What's that? Isn't that what that means? You know, I don't think You know anything. Oh, okay. I Honestly ripping through the pussy walls, the, probably the hymen. I'm right. Oh, maybe. And that I sense In that context, I don't think of it that way normally, but maybe that's what it is. The hymen is like a little like bag of blood that, that has no purpose. Except It feels more of a gate than a wall. It's more like a, I'm resting my head on the Microphone. Do you ever smoke a camel crush before they were out loud in California? No, it Got a, you keep talking and I'm just, I'm resting my forehead on the microphone.


But what is a camel crush? And I'm just gonna be listening. It's got a little ball of like menthol poison that you can Oh. Squeeze. And you hear it go. And then it's a menthol cigarette. And I guess, I guess what I was saying is that's like a hymen. Oh boy. Can You google that? Can we take a nap for the rest of this? I think we need, I think that we need to take all the furniture out. We need to have it resurfaced. I mean, I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I'm at a loss. I think I started out, if you can believe it, with a compliment from Billy Crystal about how you turned your memoir, you, the bed wetter into a musical and how he saw it and he thought it was brilliant.


And to pass on that compliment, now there's exploding hymens, lateral penises. Reagan is yelling at Gorbachev to tear down the pussy wall vulgar sketches, courtesy of a ghost. Mark Marin, your sister, has a crazy device. Takes a rear view mirror off a Hyundai and people can examine themselves. And, and the whole, the whole podcast is, is just, is It's over. It's over. It's over. There will never be another podcast after this one. This is the end of Conan O'Brien needs a friend. This is now Conan O'Brien needs a job.


You've done this. You did this yourself. Yay. Yeah. You should No sound. You should feel good about it. I, you would think I would be done with vagina humor in my twenties. Maybe my thirties, surely by my forties. But there's just still so much more to explore. You know? There is. There is. And it's you speaking your truth. I'm so sorry. Why don't we talk about your penis and balls. Okay, Let's get into it. I feel like they talk like this. Like What? That was my dad trying to do a ni accent. Oh my God. Haunted. It's your penis and balls. Penis ands.


Oh my God. It's not a penis on pulse. I, I think I've anthropomorphized the, my genitalia before on this show. And it's always just kind of petulant and whiny. Yeah. I don't wanna, it's always flipping through like the New Yorker. I'm trying to get it interested in, You know, doing something. I don't wanna, I see it more of that. Is that just, it's recalcitrant. There's a word that's a good word for Oh yeah. It's just kind of fussy and flipping through the New Yorker and looking over its little shoulder, which I guess would be a scro tie. I wanna apologize. I promised one grade school that we would donate an episode and in advance I said it was this episode.


I just did it numerically. I didn't know it was gonna be Sarah Silverman. I said it was episode 3, 2 5 2. So this is being live streamed to the Michael Driscoll School, which is a K through eight school in Brookline, Massachusetts. You can be anything you wanna be. Yeah, Yeah. Today's word is Cro tide. Let's, let's not, You know, listen, Let's elevate this Well or Take it further. Or, or let's not stigmatize words that mean, You know. Yes. The there are genitals. Exactly. I mean, what's the problem?


I don't see a problem. Oh, I really don't. Well, oh, what, You don't even need to say words anymore To do Seinfeld. You Know, He's held hostage and he had tape over his mouth and he'd still be like, Oh God. And Just an impressionist Seinfeld. When Seinfeld Being held host Ho ho he Know. He wants to know who kidnapped him. He's got tape, duct tape all over.


It's a Simple question Jerry had. It's A very reasonable, he wants to know the identity of the people. They wore masks, of course. To get the ransom. Somebody must have done an impression of him at like, once he has dementia. Yes. No, It's who These people. Seriously. And who the fuck am I and where am I? I'm frightened for my life. That is like, has a little terrible, has like undertones of Mr. Howell. Yeah. Yes. Yeah, it does. It does. Just To keep it on the seventies. Another sitcom. Yeah. Well That's sixties. Sorry. It is. Yeah. Gilligan's Island. Yeah.


Sorry. I think probably, I'm just gonna guess Again. I 60, these are things I know from Nick at night. Maybe 68. I don't know. Well anyway, a little sip of water now. Go, go. Ah, Now my brother Neil would know exactly the air dates for Gilligan's Island, so I could always consult him. Wow. I swear to God, if I called him up right now, he'd probably, he would, he would tell me exactly. He'd say. Oh yeah. The original air date was September 3rd, 1964. And then it went off. Yeah. Close. It was September 26th, 1964. Is it? I just made up a date. Oh my gosh. Oh wait. I think what we're revealing here is that I don't have a brother Neil. Neil doesn't exist. Neil doesn't exist. And I just use Neil as an excuse for my insane knowledge of sixties television. Is Neil in the room with us right now?


Yeah, I am. It's like the end of Spartacus. Yeah. I am Neil. I am Neil. I am Neil. Yeah. But Neil still doesn't know anything about vaginas. Okay. Let's just say Conan doesn't know anything about vaginas. That's the podcast. Yeah. The new podcast. The new podcast should be Conan doesn't know anything about vaginas. Right. But Then think of the guest we'd get who'd come in here and explain things to me. Hmm. Be fantastic. Yeah. What a great show. Okay. I've been looking for the picture in my phone of your mouth that I used as my vagina. That's Right. I've actually been tasked with finding it. I think we should explain that for any, you should explain it for any listener who doesn't know the story behind it, What story behind it.


Just kidding. Yes. And not an improviser. Just gonna rest my head on this microphone. I'm determined to conduct a serious interview with you. Okay. And you guys are welcome to jump in at any time and help out. But I, I'm gonna forge on, which is, Let's get quiet. You got's getting really quiet here. You wrote a memoir in 2010 and then you decided, And that's what I'm plugging here today. It needs to be a musical. Oh yes. Where did that leap come from? Actually, Adam's Schlesinger. May he rest in peace, came over my apartment and was like, this book's a musical. And I read the chapter titles.


He's like, that's a song. You know, whatever. And then I was like, all right. We, we, we made it. Had You experienced writing songs before? Yeah. I had a, I had a show on Comedy Central that was a musical and my first special had music in it. Songs but didn't Know I wrote that. You wrote, oh, this, I I didn't realize you wrote all the songs. Yeah, no, I didn't write all the songs in the Sarah Silverman program. I wrote some of them and co-wrote some of them. But in my special Jesus' magic, which I, You know, it doesn't, I'm guessing doesn't hold up. 'cause I say a lot of things that I wouldn't say today I'd get in a lot of trouble and have, but it, but yeah, I wrote this.


Oh God, my God. Oh my God. That's A, You see my mouth? You all right? Can you show my mouthing? Yeah. I, I just wanted to see if I could do ventriloquism. Guess what, what You can't, it's very clear. Can, because don't you, you also have to throw your voice to be a ventriloquism. It's just not about just your mouth. It's still Well also articulating. But you also have to throw your voice, I believe Con on. Yeah, no, I can't do that. Well, if the doll has had a stroke and that's its backstory, then it's okay. Oh no, it's terrible. What happened to you? It's okay's only getting better with it's intense therapy.


Well, you still don't sound great. Oh, it's so long process of getting better. I, that that's what I would do. If I had to be a ventriloquist, I'd make sure the doll had had had a terrible cerebral event. That's what I would call it. Mm, impressive. Huh? Yes. Okay. You did it. You got us back on track. I'm doing what I can. I'm doing what I can. But anyway, I hear great things about this musical. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. And, and he saw it because the, I saw his musical Mr. Saturday night, which was really great. And the woman who played the incredible Broadway star who played his daughter plays my mother Beth Ann, that is Shoshana Bean.


And she's incredible. And so he came to see it. 'cause they, yeah. And Now are you nervous if You know that someone of that caliber is in the audience? I don I don't like to know that people are in the Crowd. I don't wanna No. Like if I'm performing. No, I don't wanna know. I actually took a chance. I I tell you this, but I remember, do You know Todd Glass? Yes. It's so funny. So, so funny. But I worry that he can get in his head. So it was years ago and he was about to go on at Largo and I knew he had like some big wigs coming to see him. And I took a chance and right before he went on, I said, I feel like I should tell you they didn't show up, but they had.


But I felt like if he thought that they didn't show up, He'll be more relaxed. Yeah. He'll just be fuck it and be super relaxed. And he was, and then when he got off, I go, I lied. They're here. And he was so happy. But it could have gone really bad. Of course. But I took a Chance if he had gone out and just bad mouthy. Exactly. Fuck Them for not coming. Yeah. Fuck them. I don't need them anyway. They're just a bunch of empty suits that gotten Impulsive. My heart was pounding, but I, I felt like it was the right thing to do and it, and ended up being good. And now he's a big star. I I think you did the right thing. You took a chance. He Is the funniest second funniest third funniest. Fourth funniest.


That's the seventh funniest person who's not in this room right now. Let's take it down. Let's take it down to, you have a new standup special. Oh Yeah. Yes. And I'm gonna bring it up because you've clearly forgotten. But it's called postmortem. Yeah. Now how long did it take you to put this together? This set? It was definitely the fastest hour I've put together because of the events that it's about my parents. You can't relate to this, but died very closely together. Yeah. Yeah. What's that like? They died nine days apart and we, we moved in and like dued them through death at home.


And so it's, it just, and it happened when my last special came out. I've only done, I think this is my fifth special and my last special before that was my fourth special. Ow. I'm sorry. I, I don't, this is a terrible right turn, but maybe I, I don't know what's going on. But my elbow, if I even touch it to a surface, It hurts Excruciating pain. Wow. It's like nerve ending or something. Does this sound familiar? Yes. Can you really? Yes. It's happened to me. What is it? It's, It's like something is weird and then when you it's touch it the wrong way. It's very painful. Yeah. But then it just kind of self-corrects itself. I don't know How my boyfriend goes, you should call the doctor.


I go, no, because in three days it will be gone and I'll just have never known what it was. Yeah. Anyway, that's, what was I saying? My parents died. Sorry, go on. What was I talking about? Oh yes. The two most important people in the world to me passed away within nine days of each other. Wow. That's So you win. I'm very competitive about these things. My parents went within three days of each other, but Oh yeah. So as we are, we are taking care of them. My last special came out. And so when I went back to doing standup, I was starting completely over. And of course all I had to talk about was my, that experience.


And it developed faster than usual. Yeah. Because those are such strong feelings. You go out there, it's fresh, you're talking about it. Would you workshop this at the aforementioned largo of, is that that where you would go? Of Course. Of Course. Of Largo's. What we did many, we did podcasts from Largo, I believe. Did we? Or did we just do? No, we did. You know we did, we did late night shows. What, during the COVID? Yeah. We did the late night shows from COVID. Why you talking about this? Like, it was in 1987. You know, it just happened. It was all during Pandemic. COVID feels like a long time ago. To me. It Does. Well it Does. It actually does. Now people talk about it and I it feels like, oh yeah. COVID. Anyway, Largo terrific space. And every time I'm there, I was there recently doing a bunch of different, Oh my God, you were amazing at the Oscar.


Oh, this is the point of this podcast. Thank you. You were amazing. Finally. Amazing. But I worked out stuff for the Oscars at Largo. And your picture is everywhere backstage. Plus there's a big pillow of your face backstage, which you donated. There is. Yeah. It's, it's very nice. That's a great space to be. It's, There's not pictures of me everywhere. Yes, sir. But there's a couple pictures. There's a lot of pictures of you. I think you just bring pictures every time you go. No, I Don't put the pillow. You hang them up when no one's looking. There is a pillow with my face on and back there. That's my friend Mark Cohen crocheted it. And then he gave it to me. And I lived in a tiny apartment and I was having lunch with Flanagan and I was like, ICI love him so much, but I can't have a pillow with my face on it. And my living room.


I was like, it's what is yours Problem. I can have Embarra. He goes, bring it over here. Bring it over. Wait a minute. My penis suggested. Yeah. Bring it over here. So you did this hour. Do you think, this is a question that I get a lot, that one of your parents was aware that the other had passed. 'cause most people I that find out that your parents went at the same time or almost the same time, think that it's not coincidental that one person knows that the other has passed and decides to also join them. Well, no, my dad knew that. My stepmother, my stepmother had died. He, she had cancer. It was terrible. She loved life.


Blah, not blah, blah, blah. Sorry. Not at all. Not blah, blah, blah at all. But You know what I mean? How was your eulogy by the way? It Was, She loved life, blah, blah, blah. She was so wonderful. And, and they were in bed together holding hands. Oh, so she was he was. Oh boy. He was, they were holding hands. And she had passed away and my sister had texted me. 'cause I had gone home to sleep for the night and she said, Janice has passed away and dad is, is would normally be awake by now. But I think he, in his bones, he knows. Yeah. And he doesn't. But yeah, he, well, he, he lived another week and, and people came to visit him and stuff. And, and so he knew and, and he even, he was so funny in his final days, like he, Jeff Ross came over.


He was very close with my parents. Roastmaster, Jeff Ross, Roastmaster General, not your executive producer for my night. Right. No, that would be, yeah. And Jeff would not go by if your dad was on his way out. Yeah. What's the point? Why would I go? There's no soup there. I got food. I don't think I'll go. He'd be, he'd be talking to your dad as he was, as he was dying while texting. Oh God. But anyway, so, but so Roastmaster Jeffrey Ross Roastmaster general. Yeah. And he, first of all, he came and I odd shockingly have this on video, so I talked about the thing, and then you see it at the end, You know, like in the credits, I put a bunch of like videos and pictures.


Like, You know when you see a biography or something and then you, you see the, like the real people. I like that. Anyway, Jeff walked in and he said, everyone called my dad Schleppy Schleppy. I got bad news. I don't think you can be my emergency contact anymore. You know, my dad was laughing. And then Jeff had introduced my parents to this magician named Bernie Shine, who's, who's closer to their age. And they all became good friends. And about six months earlier, they had all gone to see Bernie do magic, You know, so Jeff is sitting with my dad and he goes, do you want me to FaceTime Bernie so you could say goodbye? And my dad said, okay. And 'cause my dad wanted to go. He probably could have gotten better, but he was like, no, I'm good. I want to, he really just wanted to be with his Janice earlier.


Oh. So Jeff calls him and he holds up, You know, the camera. And, and Bernie gets on and he goes, Donald, I'm so my, You know, he goes, Donald, I'm so sorry. And my dad goes, Bernie, your show was so bad it killed Janice. God bless him. That's hilarious. Oh my God. And then he goes, and I'm not feeling so hot either. He knew it was gonna go dying, You know? Oh my God. That would be, I, as I hope, I mean, I hope I'm able or in condition whenever my time comes. I hope I can be nice to be funny on the way out, wouldn't it?


Ugh. You're gonna be funny. You're, I don't know how you stop yourself from it. I just wanna do like, but I really wanna do long involved bits that take a long time that interfere with my medical care. You Lying in bed. Like I'm funny still. Right. So funny, right? Am I funny? Funny. How Was that last one? How was that last one, Liz? It's funny, right? Mr. O'Brien, you'd live, if you could just take this pill, but we can't get it in your mouth 'cause it keeps moving, But Right. But like, it's still funny, right? Like what I'm doing is funny. I'm telling you, what you have is not that bad. You just need this antibiotic right now. If you just sit still, he's dead.


He wouldn't stop. Come on. You love it here. You love hanging with us. We're the best. I do love it here. What's better than hanging? How are We doing on time? No, I'm just kidding. No, we've, We've, that was a real Kevin Neen, My favorite Kevin Neen is of all time was when he was on the talk show once, and I've mentioned this, but I, I don't care. He's on the talk show and we're, he's doing really well. Everything's going great. And then there's a brief pause where neither one of us are talking and Kevin just says, we're, he is our waiter just kills me. God. And I've, oh my God, that clip is out there. I find, I think he's like the most underrated comedian Out that although do love him, I mean, his episodes on this show consistently.


So he is acknowledged. People know how funny. He's The funniest. I always tell, I tell Kevin all the time. I'm telling you, you're the funniest and people know it. Yeah, it's out there. It's out there. Oh, okay. It's On the So that's the, it's the line. It's on the dark web. Everybody knows. No, he's so fucking, he's so funny. And I love his jokes. You know his joke where he goes, this is what bothers me about like, the generation after, You know, like that we're of comics who are like, they're so hacky talking about airplanes, talking about rental cars difference between New Yorker. That's because comics used to have to be on the road and they still do. You know?


Yeah. And that was their lives. And that's what they're talking about. It's not just hackneyed because like, you heard someone tell you that stuff is hackneyed. Nothing is, if it's funny, like there's no topic that's, you can't talk about. Anyway, this isn't part of his joke, but he has a joke about being on an airplane and he goes, You know, I was on an airplane, You know, and I, I don't think that the pilot was very experienced, You know, he, he got on and he goes, oh, thank you for flying with us. We'll be taking off in roughly five to 10. Oh, whoa, whoa, here we go. And Then he comes back on 10 minutes later. Oh, where is the, oh, here it is.


I used to do impressions that I don't think, not on, in on in his professional love, but he would always do impressions of the Beatles talking about, does this ring a bell? No, I'm not gonna do it. Right. You just have to have him do it when he is here. But it's like, I remember it was like I was fucking John in the asshole and I pulled down and came on his face and that's when we wrote, I will, that was like an easy version. But he Jesus, like a real, like almost aristocrats version. It's always the Beatles talking about how they wrote songs. I never heard him go blue. I think that's why it's just only for, You know, at Home words.


You just sold him out as being incredibly Yeah. I, I adore him. I adore that man. We both do. He's not here, but I mean, he is not dead. He is to me. Our thing is, we don't look each other in the eye. We just will never be, You know, I won't take down my wall. He won't take down his pussy won. Oh, there it's pussy there. It's, there's the wait, see? It all comes around And pussy around. Oh wait, no. Okay, I'm stopping it here. Pussy here Show is postmortem. It's streaming on Netflix. Yeah. And I Smart, but it's not sad. I mean, it's got sad moments, but it is, You Know, it's a comedy special.


It's a comedy hour. It's comedy special. It's a comedy Special. I don't think I, I just, all I did was say the title and you went, it's not sad. Well, I, I said the title. You have that title. That's the title you came up with. It's About my parents dying. But I am pointing out that it is, You know, just the funny parts. A good comic can take any, any, any event Tragedy plus less than a year equals comedy. Thank you so much for being here. We've said it all. We said it all like bogey and Beall. I treasure our friendship. I do Too. And I'm happy whenever you're coming by. And I think I learned a lot about female anatomy today and male anatomy and that Kevin Newland's really blue, disgusting comedian when I'm not around.


He's never does that stuff for me. Only for you. Aw. Sad now. But Sarah, thank you for being here. You Can also fart on command anyway. Thanks. Bye.


Hey Sona, do you own a business that's ready to thrive? I do. Well it's time to let Intuit QuickBooks take things like unpaid invoices and tracking expenses off your plate to take things to the next level. Make sense? I really want my business to thrive. It Should, it should. Intuit QuickBooks is an all in one business platform that can help with day-to-day tasks like invoicing and expenses. You wanna be worried about that stuff? That's Perfect. Yeah. That's what I, that's all I do. Yeah. Yeah. That's my whole business. It's your whole business. Manage and grow your business all in one place. Intuit QuickBooks, your way to Money. Money movement services are provided by Intuit Payments Incorporated. Licensed as a money transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services.


You know, one of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. Do You know what I mean? Yeah. It's ridiculous. It's crazy. Yeah. It's like, Hey Santa Claus, get your bathing suit over here. Oh my God. Hey, he doesn't need a bathing suit. He's up at the North Pole. What did I waste my time for? Yeah. And he is got elves. Exactly. They can make it. Okay. You're ruining the point I was trying to make. Yes. No. One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. Fortunately, LinkedIn is a network of over 1 billion businessy people who might actually be interested in your business. You can target your buyers by job title, industry, company roles, seniority skills, or company revenue. So stop wasting budget on the wrong audience and start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will give you a hundred dollars credit on your next campaign, so you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco, that's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.


Okay. Let's do some review the Reviewers. This is where we kind of read through some of the Apple Podcast reviews. Oh God. And we can, we can review or answer or comment on terrifying anything they say. So let's do it. They're all five stars, right? And they're all Five Stars. Yes. They're from Deborah PDX. Okay. Called Conan the Bacterium. Hmm. I love you guys so much. Have you heard about Conan the Bacterium? This is a real bacterium that can survive radiation. Check out the recent episode of Shortwave. Here's a quote from the episode. It sounds like it's describing all three of you. Oh my God. He recalls thinking there's something new that forms when you put the pieces together, which makes it better than one or the other. It's the combination in which they interact with each other.


In other words, the interaction between the three components is greater than the sum of its parts. Aw, that sweet. That's sweet. Conone in the bacteria. But I don't understand. They say the bacteria is hard to defeat because it's got three components. They just said it can survive radiation. So, huh. Good Question. What if that's what you're named after? Because your dad dad's a right. Your dad's a microbiologist. What if he was like, oh, Conan bacteria. Then There was, then you were born and he was like, oh God, let's name this one Conan. That's really mean thing to say. Well, and that is not what, how I was named Conan. Okay. My dad went to the, I was non unnamed for a little while. For how long I was born. Oh, I don't think that long. But they were, You know, they want the name right away.


And my dad said he wanted to go to the medical school library and look, he didn't have the name yet. And he looked up names. He thought it should be interesting. And my dad had very specific ideas about how a first name should work with a last name. And because the last name is O'Brien, he thought it should end with it. It should allied well with the last name. He's Yeah, he's Right. And he's right. And he also wanted something that was simple. He hated nicknames. So his name was Thomas and everyone called him Tom. And he didn't like that. So he wanted a name that wouldn't be broken down into a nickname. He had all these rules. Oh. And so Luke Neil Conan. But where did he find Conan? He looked up and I think it's, You know, one of the early religious figure, I don't know if it was a Cardinal who was in Ireland.


And actually there's a very famous thing called the Bayou Tapestry, which is this like cartoon that describes the battle in 10 66 and all the things that happened when England was invaded by the Normans. And there's one panel that shows a guy fleeing and underneath his name, he's a cowardly person. It says C-O-N-A-N. And then the next panel is Conan surrendering the keys to the city. And he has the keys on a long pole. My God. Like he's so afraid. He just wants, doesn't even want to touch the bad guys. He's just handing them the keys on a long pole. Oh my God. It's one panel. And then the next, and my parents years ago went to the gift shop where the Bayou Tapestry is held and you can, you can look up the different panels.


And they bought the two panels and gave them to me. Aw. Conan fleeing the battle. And then Conan handing over the keys and Amazing. It's hilarious. So I'm named for this guy, guy who I was gonna say, yeah, ran. He didn't, so they saw this and they were like, no, that's not why he named me that. He just, he found that later on and thought it was really funny. He gave me that name 'cause he saw it somewhere. He thought it was really, didn't know anything about Conan the Barbarian. Nothing. He just, it's cool. Yeah. Conan is a really cool, it's just 'cause all your other siblings have like pretty traditional names. Yeah. It's just, and then you're not traditional. It's like, You know, there's that story, that song by Johnny Cash Boy named Sue. Yeah. Yeah. Where a guy names his son Sue.


And he gets beat up all the time, but it makes him stronger. And then at the end he goes to his dad and says, why'd you call me Sue? And he's just like, 'cause it made you a tougher guy. I was, You know, Conan was a little like that at times growing up. Did it Make you tougher? Oh God. Well clearly you've seen them. I'm a pretty, I'm a pretty rough and tumbled fellow. You're very much like the tapestry version of I know. I was gonna say, How many keys have you handed over? Let's, it can go one of two ways. Let time met. It can either make you tougher or it make you immediately surrender in the Battle of Hastings. The first time I met you, you just handed me your car keys. Yeah, I'm Sorry. On a pole. I'm sorry.


Please don't hurt me. Named after your grandma. Is that right? My grandma? Yeah. Well You know my, I go by my middle name. Yeah. Tallen is just a, like a, I think it was just like a nice Armenian name, but then they just called me Sona. Does Sona have a meaning? Well, she was Greek, but the name itself in Hindi means gold. Oh, That's cool. But I don't know if it, if there's a, like, if there's a Greek meaning to it, I don't know. I have no idea. Yeah, you haven't given it much thought. Matthew, are you named after anybody? My Namesake is really belies me 'cause it's really cool and it just doesn't fit for me. I was named after Marshall, Matt Dillon from Gun Smoke. You're Kidding. What? I know what a cool person to be named after.


I know. I was almost named Festus and that's really funny. If you watch that TV show. My Grandmother who died the week I was born, loved that show and loved him. So she kinda, I think to honor her, they, they named me after him. So I thought it was biblical. That's Cool. Not my, I know My name's. So you named after a TV show from the sixties, seventies is hilarious. Yeah. That's Awesome. I know my name is very biblical. Matthew James, but my dad's name is James. None of it's biblical. It's, yeah. Interesting. Yeah. Very interesting. Can I point out, It says in Latin, Sona means can be heard. Oh, no Way. What? That's so funny. Try not hearing her. Okay. I'm sorry. That is so cool. I can't believe I never thought to like Google that.


Oh my God. Do You know what math means? What gift of God? It is a true boo. You didn't get everything right. God. Alright, good to go. I gotta regift this one. God, You got a factory irregular. This. Oh, What am I doing? What Is this? A white elephant. Nothing. I'm jerking off the thing. I'm doing the jerk off motion. You do the jerk off. No, I Can see it. Can I say something? When you do the Jerk off motion, you always have the penis way off to the side. I know. And it's coming out at a weird angle. It's like you're around the corner. Yeah. A what? And also no, it's not salad. Salad. No, it's not dressing. Yeah, it's not salad dressing. And it's not Castanet. Oh my God. My, it's Oh, now you're a Pepe.


Grind that out. Oh my God. All right, well let's don't look at the video for this. You won't like it. No, I know. Don't Do it. I'm, I'm worried for your husband. Well, hey, thank you. No wonder. No wonder Tack has always doubled over in pain. Surprised That was done. Is that how it's done? You Don't find son got all hot and heavy last night. It's Also not just one of those. It's all of those. He's gotta go through all of those. Yeah, I'm like Stop it, Stop It. Oh my God. Nows at Beni Hana Pizza. Now he's at Beni Hana. Oh my God. Oh, we made the Onion Volcano. Okay. Okay, let's, let's wrap this up. Thanks. You fan. We took your kind of interesting scientific fact and we got to Benny Hache chopping up with Blades tax.


Penis tackle. Ah. All right. Peace out Tupac. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sono of Cession and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aren Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Conn.


You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan? Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash Conan. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded,


Do Crohn's disease symptoms keep coming back? TM guselkumab may help at 12 weeks rapid symptom remission was achieved in most patients taking TM and some experienced visible improvement of their intestinal lining at 12 weeks and one year. Individual results may vary. Tremfya is a prescription medicine used to treat adults with moderately to severely active Crohn's disease. Serious allergic reactions and increased risk of infections and liver problems may occur before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tb. Tell your doctor if you have an infection, flu-like symptoms, or if you need a vaccine, explore what's possible and ask your doctor about Tremfya today. Call 1 805 2 6 7 7 3 6 to learn more or visit taya radio.com.


Amazon presents Jenny versus the Sun. An absolute giant ball of scorching plasma. The sun has one temperature setting. Hot as, but Jenny shopped on Amazon and bought eight ounces of 50 SPFA beach umbrella and a large brim hat. Hey son, Jenny just cooked you. Save the everyday with deals from Amazon.