
Steve Martin. Martin Short and Selena Gomez are back in their roles as your favorite podcaster detectives, as they try to figure out who killed s. But was someone after s or were they really after Charles? Hmm. This season, the gangs go into Hollywood. They get to turn their podcast into a major movie. Get ready for the Staria season yet. Meryl Streep, Zach Galifianakis, Eugene Levy, Ava Longoria, Melissa McCarthy, divine Joy, Randolph, Molly Shannon, and more Only murders in the building is now streaming only on Hulu New episodes. Tuesdays days.


Supercut knows what you think. It's a quick, cheap haircut you can get almost anywhere. Well, you're right about quick. Okay. I'll give you that. Yes. I'm gonna give you that one. You're right about quick. But Supercuts is not that cheap. It's not a bargain basement chop shop. Like some discount options out there. You got the wrong idea about super cuts, if that's what you're thinking. Yeah. Supercuts just happens to have 2000 reputable salons full of trained proficient stylists who give great haircuts at reasonable prices. Right. Not some cheap chop shop. In fact, if you were to imagine a brand that was visited by nearly 25 million people last year with a satisfaction rating of 96%, man, wow. I Wish. This podcast had that 96% satisfaction. That's A lot. That's almost everybody. That's almost everybody. Yeah. What, what brand would come to mind if you were thinking about that? Would Supercuts Probably not. But. it should. That's the point. Supercuts is super convenient. Their salons let you check in at a time that works for you. That's what I like too. Sometimes I try to make a, an appointment at a salon. Yeah. And I say, you know what? Time works for me. And the person on the phone says, I don't care. You gotta come in. When we tell me tell you to come in, that's when you gotta come in. Okay. Yeah. And I'm like, whoa, this isn't sound like a salon for me. Do you happen to know where Supercuts is? Oh, good. Then they go, girl, Supercuts wins again. Super cuts. Super convenient. The salons let you check in at a time that works for you@supercuts.com. Or just walk right in. It's your hair, it's your goal.


Oh, Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hi. Hi, Catarina. Welcome to Conan O'Brien. Needs a fan. Hi. This is so great to see you. Well, I Wish. I could see you. Katerina. I don't see you yet. Can you really see her? I just see a, huh? Can she really? Oh, there, she's there. She's, oh, there she, there you are. Ah, yay. Oh, I'm sorry. It's okay. Yeah, you were, I just saw a dark screen. And I thought I was having some sort of cerebral event, but I'm, I'm fine now.


I can see you. And could you start again and just say who you are and all that stuff? Yeah. My name is Capina. I am calling from Austria from And. I am also having a cerebral event. This feels like a weird fever dream. This is so weird. It's it's weird. Yeah. Weird to, to, to use Zoom. Is that what you're saying? What's weird? Yes, exactly. That's weird. Like after four years of pandemics. Yeah, yeah. No, like, I mean, I've listened to your podcast on an 11 hour drive from Poland back home listening to your voices. And. it is very weird to interact with you right now. Well, I'm sure that's the best way to take that road trip, because listening to our, I was going insane.


This half of my brain melted during the drive But. it kept me away. Worth it. We have saved many a driver's life. Well, listen, is it Cata Katarina, and you are from Catarina Katarina. And you are from Austria. Which part of Austria again? Yeah, From the very wild West from Fel. Actually just a Fel Fel. Yeah. It's just a 15 minute walk to Liechtenstein. Okay. So it's a 15 minute walk to another place. I can't pronounce. I come from, it's just seven minutes from u Well, it's nice to talk to Caterina and tell us a little bit about yourself.


What do you do For work? Well, for whatever, just tell me about yourself. Yeah. For Whatever. Okay. Yeah. I work as a psychologist. I did my bachelor master's degree in Zurich, did a PhD in social neuroscience in Burn, and now I work in with adolescents between 14 and 18 years old. I like to make metal music. Oh my God. Okay. Well, wait a minute. First of all, you seem like a very impressive, you're a very impressive person. You have great knowledge, you're helping people, but I wanna hear it? You said, I like to make metal music.


You're talking heavy metal? Yes. Yeah. Well, heavier than heavy metal. Yeah. Oh, This is the vibe. I'm getting I know a banner that says cringe Blizzard. Yeah. Tell me about this. Oh yeah, there's a, there's a banner behind you that says Cringe Blizzard. Is that the name of your heavy, heavy, heavy metal band? Yeah. Tell me what, Yeah. One, one of my bands. Yeah. What kind of music do you play in Cringe Blizzard. And feel free to have a drink at any time. Okay. Thank you. Then I will switch to beer. We're talking very good. Well, you are from Austria. Yeah. So tell me, yeah, the band That looks alcoholism over here. The, Well, we'll get to that fun stuff in a bit. don don't know what you're talking about.


I'm Irish. Behind you. There's a banner that says Cringe Blizzard. Is that the name of your heavy metal band? Yeah, it's one of my bands. Yeah. Well, tell me what kind of music, what is cringe Blizzard? What kind of music do you play? Cringe. Blizzard is a fantastic journey through insanity and madness. I love that sanity. We do like, well, it is, it's kind of hard to put it into a sub genre. I mean, it's like sludge metal, but also death metal, but also trash metal, but also whatever. Yes, Yes, yes. No, I'm familiar with Yeah. You know what I'm talking about, right? Yeah, of course. Yes. Yes. It's death metal, but it's also a Slush Metal and cringe metal.


Yeah. But, and what's, why the word cringe? Why the word cringe? No, I like Slush Metal. Why cringe? Blizzard. What does the word cringe mean to you? Well, Well, our goal is to make great sound, but unbearable life performances. So, so you are trying to, are you trying to force people out of the room when they come see you? Yes. You are. So yes, we are. So the goal is to sell out like stadiums with thousands of people, but by the third song, people are gonna leave and we're gonna be bowed by ourselves.


Wow. You know what? I have confidence. You can achieve that dream. I just, so your, your job is to basically just clear out the audience when you play. And so the word cringe means you really want people cringing when they hear your music. Not when they hear the music, but when they see us live. I love this. So essentially you just want to do a job that you can go home as early as possible. Oh, exactly. Yeah. But still like cash in the money from the entrance fee. Yeah. What Did you, what do you do live that makes people leave? Oh, well, I do have a vape taped to my microphone and call it the fog machine. So do I Well, we got like silly outfits and tell like really, really horrible dad jokes.


You tell Dad pro candy at the audience. You tell dad jokes in addition to the music to try and bum people out, basically, that's what you're saying? Yeah. Like in between the songs? Yeah. Yeah. If they do know the answer to the song, if they can figure it out, they get some candy. Okay. If they figure out, if they figure out the answer to the joke. You mean if they figure out the answer to the dad joke, then they get some candy. Wow. That's a, if you're giving so many mixed messages, you're telling terrible jokes. But if they get the jokes, then they get some candy. But you want them to cringe. You want them to be unhappy. Yeah. This is a Real overlap of her child psychology and death metal. It's all happening at the same time. Do You have an example of one of those jokes? Yeah, There's not many that translate into English.


I can't think of one though. You know, these type of jokes are very ty. It's, it's, it's very typical for like the German areas. They're called antivial or anti jokes, for example. What is green and looks through the keyhole? It's spinach. What? Yeah. S spinach. That's great. Spy spinach. Okay. You have driven me from the podcast. I will leave and never come back now. Yes. Hey, so I'm Justina, you do the vocals. Are you the vocalist for cringe Blizzard now? Is there a lot of, is it a lot of yelling?


Is it Yeah, screaming. Can you gimme examples of that? Well, I don't wanna wreck your headphones. Go for it. But yeah, it's, it's a lot of, no, it's a lot of gring and screaming and it's, it's fine. I, I also, I didn't warm up my, my voice. And. I say you don't wanna hurt yourself. Do you think I, do you think you could teach me to do this? Do you think I could be maybe a guest vocalist for cringe Blizzard? Fucking hell yeah. You think so? But what would I have to do? Would I have to really yell? I mean, like, wow. That kind of thing. I mean, this is some of the sounds I can make Abba Shaha, you know, w whoa, whoa. No, not none of that is metal. How are you, your dad jokes. None of it is metal.


Well, I mean, we can sample it and work it into the song anyway. Okay. No, but I mean the technique is actually pretty similar to, to opera singing. It is coming down from the diaphragm. You try to not hurt your, your voice and like push all the air from the diaphragm. Can you coach him, for example? Can You teach him? Yeah. Teach me how to do it Right now. Yeah. Yeah. There's no be, I mean, come on. Okay. You're my coach now. You're, you are the lead singer for cringe Blizzard. You're drinking heavily and this is your chance to teach me how to be a metal vocalist. Yeah. This is chin. Okay. The easiest way to start out for like the basic, like the basic of the, of the growl is breathing deep from your diaphragm, which means you breathe into your belly, which extends, and your shoulders stay down.


So if you breathe in, yeah, your belly extends, your shoulders stay low. Right? And if you breathe out slowly in a very controlled way, stop Making sound. Stop doing that feel. You feel your throat relaxing usually, right? Oh yeah. God. Why? God, why are you making some Sound? Just, just get off my ass. I'm trying to learn, I'm talking to someone in Austria who's teaching me for the first time in my life to do, you know, cringe metal. And you're just sorry on my dick the whole time. I'm sorry. Okay, go ahead Caterina. Well actually, okay.


Well, and then in the next step, actually, I've listened to your podcast episode from last week where you talked about like odd breathing exercises. Yeah. And this is actually already pretty close to the basic of a growl. Yeah. You try to stadium full of people leaving, breathe out, heavily relaxed with your voice, resonating with it. This is actually, this is like the basis of it. Like, ah, yeah. Yeah. Imagine coming home, you have to unload the dishwasher and your wife comes at you yelling, you should do the groceries, and you're like really tired and you don't wanna do it. And you go like, Oh, It's hard for me to imagine that.


Yeah. Because there's like nine people between me and my wife, and they handle these things. I haven't touched a dish in 15 years. Well, But. anyway, I'll pretend to be exasperated. Well, I didn't. One of the Nine people who are supposed to take care of this do it. Why? That's not bad, right? That's Yeah, that's not bad. Yeah. That's, that's a good, that's a good start.


Some trips are better in an Airbnb, like the trip you want to take with extended family where you wanna stay close. But You don't wanna all share that one bathroom. Yeah. You just did it recently. I Just went to Lake Arrowhead and I stayed in a, a listing that was a guest favorite. And I loved it so much. I was like, I think I wanna buy a house in Lake Arrowhead. And I remembered. I don't have money to do that. Yeah, yeah. So I, I, that changed. but I loved the Airbnb experience there so much that I was like, let's look at real estate here. My wife, And I did an Airbnb on this island that is off of Washington. The coast of Washington. And. it was amazing. It was great. And. it was just such a nice experience. Yeah. Better than a hotel. Yeah. And I. Don't want someone Miss you. Brian. Would you like us to Carry you to your toilet please? Well, yes I would. I would like to be carried to my toilet, but occasionally I don't want to be asked that. Yeah. That's when I want to Airbnb. Yeah. So whatever it is, Airbnb is the best place to be.


There's nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you. Check this out. That's nice. Whether you're going on a weekend getaway to the mountains, or let's say you're on a dream vacation, or in my case, a work trip to Thailand. It's just fantastic. Let me explain. It starts the moment you take off with free in-flight wifi. So you can stream your favorite show on the go. I mean, that's incredible. That Is actually pretty Sweet. I love that. I mean, that's insane. I'm always there with my credit card. You know, I can't figure it out. I lose the credit card. Yeah. The phone is stolen. Someone punches me. You start crying. I cry a lot when you land T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands and an upgrade to Hilton Honors Silver. Mm. Plus you're covered with five gigabytes. Five gigabytes. That's more than four of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with the go 5G plus or next plans. These are just a few of the perks that feel like big wins when you travel with T-Mobile And. it, it's nice to stay connected to your family. I travel a lot, I do these travel shows. And if I'm filming another country, I know I can get to my family right away. Yeah. They usually don't wanna speak to me, but they have to. They Screen your calls a lot, don't They? I suspect them of screening. Yes. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel today. Qualifying plan required wifi available on select US Airlines registration and Hilton Honors membership required for Hilton Honors Silver terms and conditions apply


as a B2B marketer. You know how noisy the ad space can be. Yeah. If your message isn't targeted to just the right audience, it just disappears into the noise. Like throwing a little piece of popcorn into the sun. It's gone. It's Hard to be two B these Days. Exactly. With LinkedIn ads, you can precisely reach the professionals who are more likely to find your ad relevant, not just going to anybody targeted. Yeah. With LinkedIn's targeting capabilities, you can reach them by job title, industry company, and more you'll have direct access to and build relationships with decision makers. A billion members. Hello. 180 million senior level executives and 10 million C level executives. That's insane. Yeah. Stand out with LinkedIn ads and start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. You know what B2B means? No business to business. Oh yeah. It's not two Bs meeting each other. Oh. It's not like little B in another little B. It's B2B. Nope. Business to business. Start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. They'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco to claim your credit. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions apply LinkedIn the place to be to be.


This message is brought to you by BetterHelp. What's something you'd love to learn as an adult? Do you take time to learn new things as often as you'd like? Or was that kind of lost in childhood? I think a lot of people think once they're out of adolescence, they're not really learning anymore. I know, it's kind of sad. Yeah. Well as you know, kids are always learning and growing, but as adults sometimes we feel like we've lost that curiosity and it's, it's just a muscle. You just have to exercise it. Yeah. So sometimes you'd be surprised. You can get into gardening. Mm. You can learn a new language, you can pick up a sport. There are all these things that make you feel like you can expand your horizons a little bit. Well therapy can help you reconnect with your sense of wonder. It really can because your Back to school era can come at any age. And talking to somebody can really help you connect with that sense of optimism, enthusiasm. And I'm a big believer if you're thinking of starting therapy, I suggest giving BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online. It's designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. You just fill out a brief questionnaire, you get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. And that's key. I think a lot of people get self-conscious about seeing a therapist. 'cause they think if it doesn't work out, how do I extricate myself? That is not the case with BetterHelp. Rediscover your curiosity with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Conan today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp. HEL p.com/ Conan.


Do you think that I would be good at embodying cringe cringe metal? I was hoping you asked that question because I do think we can get with new lows with your assistance. What do you mean? You think I can bring you to new lows? Low. That's a good thing in her world. Yeah. We don't wanna have heights. We wanna have lows. Right. So wait a minute. Why, why do you think, why do you think I could, I would work with cringe Blizzard because It's fun. Okay. Are you implying that And you get candy? Yeah. Okay. Well now you sound like a guy outside a van in 1978. It's fun. And you'll get candy.


Well, that didn't work out too well. They caught him. Anyway. My point is, Catarina, what is, do you, so you think that I would get, I I kind of would embody the essence of of cringe Blizzard. You think I could do that? I think you could definitely do that. Yeah. I mean, you've been making been making people uncomfortable for decades. You are a master. Wait, so He's more cringe than Blizzard? Wait, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Katerina, you, that is not what I've been intending to do. Is that what you're getting? That I my that I've been making people uncomfortable for years. Is that what you're getting from my work? No, I'm not. Yes you are. You just said that.


I've been making people uncomfortable. You think my comedy makes people cringe? Is that what you're saying? You're feel free to to go for it. Maybe sometimes. Well, maybe that's what made you a fan fan. You know, that's the important thing. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe that's the reason why Cringe Blizzard Ex exists in the first place. Is that I inspired you. Did I inspire cringe Blizzard with my cringey humor? Is that what you're saying? Well, maybe a little. Okay. Thank you. So glad we could chat. So glad we could talk. Who else is in the band with you? Who else is in this metal band? My brother and a friend of ours.


Okay. So who's playing what instruments? My brother's playing the guitar. And our friend Ana, he's playing the drums. Is there a bass? So, no, not yet. So. Oh, Feel free. Sounds like invite Come over. Invite. Maybe you could play bass. Play bass with printed Blizzard. Yeah. Go all the way to Austria. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Do the backup vocals. Play some bass. Now, you, you used to watch the television show back when I was doing a TV show. Is that correct? I actually discovered you on, on YouTube through a couple of friends of mine And then, yeah, I didn't like we didn't get your show in Austria.


Right? Not that I remember. A Lot of people don't get it here. But you Did you write into the show once, is that correct? Oh yeah. I was actually fe featured on a, on a fan correction video. You were on my show. I do. Yeah, I do believe that. I was on the last fan correction video because I was procrastinating my studies. And I watched a, a couple of your fan corrections. And I was wondering if the link still works to send in corrections And. it did. So you sent in And it was like the Yeah. You sent No, a fan correction was a thing that we did on the show many times.


That was where fans, we dared fans to find any flaw with our show and they would find things that we had said or done that were technically incorrect. So you sent in a fan correction? Yeah. What was it? Yeah. What was it? I it was about you giving liquids to baby birds. Okay. Yeah. Now I'm drawing a blank here. Yes, of course, of course. I know what you're talking about. Conversation And I have a content correction and you have a, you, you found something wrong and so you sent in a correction. Yeah. You shouldn't feed liquids to baby birds. They will die from it. They cannot swallow Right liquids yet. This happened to me once in many cases.


The nurse gonna be bird. Yeah. So you, so I called you a baby bird killer. Okay. And you said you loved me and you Now you don't remember me. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I've, I've had many loves in many parts of the world. don don't remember this one. Fan correction. But I can look it up. but I guess we were doing something on the show. And I mentioned you can nurse a bird with maybe with liquids. You said No, you can't. You wrote in, you tried to help me and, and we aired the fan correction. That's Yeah, You did. That's great. 'cause we would get many submissions, but only a few would be aired. So what a high honor for you. This is a fucking crazy coincidence.


Like, Except I have something here in my notes that she was supposed to get a T-shirt and she never got a T-shirt. Oh Yeah, that's true. Wait, what Hap tell me what happened. Well, when I sent in the fan correction, it said that people who get featured on the show will get the Team Coco T-shirt. And I Never received one. You didn't get your T-shirt? No, I didn't. You also called me out by, by the wrong name on the show. What did I call you on the show, Catarina? No, you called me Kaka, which is my Polish, my Polish name, which I used for social media, but not my actual name that I used to fill out the form. Well, oh, I'm so sorry that I used the Polish name that you used when you wrote in.


How is that my fault? And now you're mad that you didn't get your T-shirt. Do you think I'm in charge of sending the T-shirts out? She was gonna be just a folk musician until that happened. And then she turned the cringe Music. Yeah. I'm sorry you did not get your T-shirt. But you have to understand that I am at the top of a very large pyramid. Do you understand? I am. I sit high atop a mountain and then there's millions of people that work for me. Millions. And they let you down, not me. Do you understand? Oh man. Yeah, I get it. Yeah, You're no, right now. Where does the buck stop though? Well, no, what I'm saying is you're, you're calling up Tim Cook and saying My iPhone jammed.


That's unfair to Him. No. Do you know what I mean? Don't let a, some poor random guy suffer for me. No, no, no. I'm gonna find out who didn't sell you that T-shirt? They probably don't work for me anymore. No. Yeah. I'm gonna find them spare. I'm gonna have them, I'm gonna have them murdered. Well, I'm sorry you didn't get your T-shirt. We'll find you a T-shirt. And I will get it to you somehow. Okay, because I wanna write this wrong. You should get your T-shirt. Sounds great. Thanks a lot. Yeah. And you can wear, you seem thrilled. You seem Finally For it. Finally, this void in your life has been filled. Well, I'm sorry that that happened.


This is so nice. Yeah, this is, it's, it's, I'm talking now to a fan who did something nice and wrote in and helped our show a bunch of years ago and never got their T-shirt. And, and that probably is, that, was that disappointment. What is that what drove you to start getting into heavy metal and then cringe Blizzard and Slush Metal. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And especially the Slush Metal, there was no other way to release my anger and disappointment. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I understand. Well, I, you know what? I've never been to Austria am I. do you think I'd like Austria? I think you'd love it. I mean, you, you do like skiing, right? Yeah, I like skiing And, and riding bikes.


So yeah, our region is renowned for their skiing areas and they're hiking. I like riding bikes, hiking trails and all. I like skiing. Yeah. How's the food? How's the food in Austria? What will I be eating? Very savory. Like you'll drown in cheese. Mm. Okay. Wow. That's like the Midwest, that's the nicest thing. Yeah. Yeah, that's right. You're you're going to Austria for some Cheese birds? I could just, I could just go to Wisconsin. I can ride a bike there and drown in cheese. No, no, no, no. It's not the same. Okay. Well, Did, you have a question for me? Katharina lead singer of Cringe Blizzard fan and disappointed fan, the fan who never got her T-shirt.


Do you have a question? What was that other name you just said? The artifice. Oh, so then it's the a band I play in. Oh, Sorry. Oh, why? You're getting as many plugs in as possible. Oh, I have to, yeah. You have a line of jewelry you'd like to talk about? Do you, do you have a question for me? Yeah, I. do. Are you sure? I do I just, I'm having a hard time to make, to formulate a sentence. That makes sense. Man. This interaction with me really means a lot to you, doesn't it? You just spaced out and started thinking about lunch.


No, I do know that you've also had like, your fair share of like, struggles in your life and, and in the career. You got this talk show when you were fairly young. You were just 30 years old and didn't have a whole lot of experience. And I was wondering what helped you to stand up for yourself when you face criticism, to go through, to stand by yourself and, and still know the work I'm doing is great. And, I'm gonna keep, keep going. Well, That's, wow. That's a, that's a really good question. To be honest with you, there were many, many moments of true despair. I cannot lie to you. Yeah. And now I wanna drink while you're drinking.


But I think a lot of us just push ahead because we, we don't know what other option there is. And so I think ultimately for me, my desire to do this was stronger than other people's desire for me not to do it. And, and over time that, that one out. But it, it felt like it took a long time to get people to catch onto my sense of humor and like it, so I'm very glad and I'm very lucky that I managed to get to keep doing it because there were times there when I thought this is gonna be over and then I'll just have to do something else for a living. but I was very fortunate that it worked out.


So I can't lie and say, oh, just believe in yourself and keep going because sometimes it gets pretty dark. But I'm talking to the lead singer for cringe Blizzard. So I think you would understand. But the big reward is getting to talk to people like you who are really cool and really smart. I cannot believe how well educated you are. You're just seems like a, I mean Need. No, isn't it, it's incredible. You've, you've had this incredible education. You're doing this great work. I Cannot believe How educated you're she's she has. I think that's a compliment. I know. I know. I was just, you've got like a PhD. I mean, and do you think you could psychologically help me?


Many people think I have I know you treat adolescents. What's there? What's there to fix? What's there to, to be fixed? You're perfect. Oh boy. Oh girl. All. right? Take it easy, everybody. I I don't, I like, I I think your guttural noises are better than mine. Yeah. I know. Yeah. You guys should start your own metal band. Well, Katerina, it was so cool talking to you. I like you. Yeah. It was nice meeting you. Yeah, it was really nice meeting you. And best of luck with the band and please give my thanks, my best to your band mates. Do you get them? Are they familiar with some of my work? Do you get them?


Have they watched any of the videos? I don't know actually. Good. Do they Like me? Do you, do you watch My videos? Do they like you? No, I'm saying that for a reason. Will you tell them about me? I wanted her to say no. I mean, I mean, I, I don't, I don't think that they are very familiar with your work. I mean, my, my brother might know a video or two because of me, but our drummer probably doesn't know a whole lot except for the Pompadour. Then I pity them. I have great pity for them. Me too. Yeah. Yeah. What a terrible, what Terrible lives they lead. Well, really nice talking to you Katerina. And yeah, It was great meeting You.


Yeah. Take care and have a drink and then get some sleep. Okay? Yes, I will, sir. Thank you very much. How, How do you say Good night. Good night. Good knocked. Good night. Good night. Good knock. Good knock. Oh, that's Nice. Good knock. Yeah. Good knock. Katrina. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sian and Matt Gorley. Produced by me. Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer Aaron Blair, associate talent producer Jennifer Samples, associate producers Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at siriusxm.com/ Conan.


Please rate, review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wherever fine podcasts are down,


I want the same expert advice you get from the pros in the store while shopping online@discounttire.com. Meet treadwell, your personal online tire guide that matches you with the perfect tire for your vehicle. Get your best match in one minute or less. With Treadwell by Discount Tire, let's get you taken care of


Walmart plus members. Save on meeting up with friends, save on having them over for dinner with free delivery with no hidden fees or markups. That's groceries plus napkins, plus that vegetable chopper to make things a bit easier. Plus members save on gas to go meet them in their neck of the woods. Plus, when you're ready for the ultimate sign of friendship, start a show together with your included Paramount plus subscription. Walmart Plus member save on this plus so much more. Start a 30 day free trial@walmartplus.com. Paramount plus essential plan. Only separate registration required. See Walmart plus terms and conditions.