
Hey, Sona, do you own a business that's ready to thrive? I do. Well, it's time to let Intuit QuickBooks take things like unpaid invoices and tracking expenses off your plate to take things to the next level. Make sense? I really Want my business to thrive. You Should. It should. Intuit QuickBooks is an all in one business platform that can help with day-to-day tasks, like invoicing and expenses. You wanna be worried about that stuff? That's Perfect. Yeah. That's what I, that's all I do. Yeah. Yeah. That's my whole business. It's your whole business. Manage and grow your business all in one place. Intuit QuickBooks, your way to Money. Money Movement services are provided by Intuit Payments Incorporated. Licensed as a money transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services.


Sure. We got Blue Jeans, baseball, bald eagles. But come on, there's really nothing as American as the burger, right? Mm. And there's nothing more burger than the Sonic Smasher. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, this thing is made to order. Hand smashed Angus beef patties seared to perfection with those incredible crispy edges that make you want to start a slow clap. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. That kind of slow clap. Where you're like, yeah. Sonic, you brought the Sonic Smasher. Then there's the layered melty cheese. Crinkle cut pickles and onions too. On top of it all. Oh, my mind splitting. Try the Sonic Smasher is a double. Or why not? God forgive us all A triple. Make the Sonic Smasher your next new favorite burger. Live free eat Sonic.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hey there. Welcome to Conan O'Brien. Needs a fan. Now these drop, that's what the kids say on Wednesdays, Thursdays. What's that? Thursday, Thursdays. Oh, I don't get out much. Do You go out to get your podcast? Is that what you do? We're doing something a little different today. Sometimes in this slide I talk to a fan, but we had a different notion in mind. In fact, I did. Yeah. This is you. Huh? This is me. This comes from me. You know, I like to run a tight ship. I like to make sure that, no, I'm serious.


I am at the helm of a powerful company, an industry, really, Team Coco. And I am constantly looking for ways to improve the efficiency. I'm kind of, I I muske in No, almost. No. You don't think that's, no, no, no. Did I go the wrong way? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. I'll think of a better one in Every term of the musk. You're not the musk. Okay. Okay. Okay. That was the wrong way to go. I, I think of myself as sort of, I don Santa Santa walking through the workshop making sure that all of the elves are hard at work. Making the toys. No, no, no. Closer. This is the furthest thing from a tight ship, I think I can think of.


Really? If this was the North Pole and you were Santa, there would be no Christmas. Right. Have you ever seen ghost ship where everybody gets bisected by a metal cable? That's kind of what this Is. I have not seen that movie. No. Okay. And now, and guess what? Now I don't have to see it. You just totally ruined the whole movie. That's how the movie opens. Oh, the movie opens with that. The mo. It's the best movie, You know, Opening a movie. Ever watch. I watch most movies thinking, I wonder if anyone gets bisected by a cable. It's a whole party full of people. It gets bisected by And what happens? The boat goes underneath the cable. It's like, no, it's some line on the ship that gets broken. And then like 50 people at a 1920s party just get severed in half.


You know what? And that becomes the ghost ship. You know what, this is proof that I don't run a tight ship because I just let you babble and Babylon about ghost ship. And you use the word bisect like nine times. Do you think this is how Santa treats his elves? I think these fucking elves should get their asses in here. I think he's a jolly man. He seems Nice to el. You know what, if I ran the North Pole, those toys would get out on time. There wouldn't be any complaints. Most kids would get coal. Even the good kids. And by the way, coal is worth more, You know, these days. It's true. It's, No, it's not What whatcha talking about? Coal? Yeah, coal. Okay. It's a source of petrol.


Hmm. Any hoots? I had a purpose in doing this, which is, I've been irritated by something recently. I've noticed that there's a flaw in our system. Oh, okay. When we have guests on the show, and we have some pretty big names come here, we do a very nice thing, which is we put out this basket of treats for them. Lately, I've been looking and, and there's a nice little sign on the basket of treats that says Welcome and then celebrity. That's Very thoughtful. Yeah. Yeah, It is very sweet. You know, if Will Ferrell here, it's like, welcome will, You know. Well, whatever. It's a nice, it's a nice thing. It's very friendly and it's all put together by Maddie Ogden, who's our talent coordinator. And she does a great job of making sure that everyone's very well taken care of.


But lately I've been just looking at the basket and the basket is an abomination. Oh. I mean, it's a cr, it's an accr, it's a crime. Wow. It is packed with all this. He aggressively healthy eco snacks. And I, first of all, I'm noticing not a lot of people were taking the baskets. I don't think anybody takes the baskets. And it used to be filled with really fun things like, oh, a chocolate covered pretzel, and here's some raisinettes and here's some this and that. Lately, I don't know what's going on, but I wanna get Maddie Ogden in here if she's in the building. Wow. Disagree. I wanna find out what's Going on. And let's, do you have any exhibit A to Z?


I have I, yeah. I have some exhibits here. And so let's get Maddie here. Maddie, I hope. Come on in. Maddie. How Maddy? Maddie, we just wanna say, Sona and I have your back. Yeah, we at all times. Yeah, we do. We Really do. Yeah. Well, a lot of good. They'll do you because they don't carry the weight that I have. Maddie, one of the things that I've noticed recently is that, and I guess you choose these snacks, is that it got aggressive. Okay. It got real aggressive. For example, I'm gonna put on the old specs here. 'cause gimme roasted seaweed, snacks, toasted sesame, roasted to light, crispy perfection. So literally shit that washes up on the beach and dries.


You're giving want more? There's two of them. Yeah, there's two. Oh. In case you finish one different tapers. Corals, no one is toasted sesame. The other is teriyaki. Yeah. Why don't you throw some barnacles in here while you're at it. Burn Herzo. Loved those. Oh, Thank you. Okay. Maybe you just don't have as classy of taste. Burner Herzo is also a pain artist. Berner Herzo is someone who loves going into the South African jungle and, and like almost dying. He's someone who loves dying and death and madness. He's a guy who's famously almost killed people he's worked with and has almost died himself making his movies.


So don't say Werner. Herzo loves it. That's like, oh, the Adams family loves this. Oh my God. They loved it. Oh, Jesus. Oh, here's more. There's tempura seaweed snacks by Nora. I don't even know. And it's a weird shape. It looks like a satanic shape. Satanic. Yeah. What? Who's more? This does not look good. Okay. This does not look good. Oh. Oh. And there's something else. There's one thing that isn't in here that was in here for a while, and I think you got scared and stopped because you noticed that I was complaining, which is mushroom jerky. I knew you were gonna say that. Why were you putting mushroom jerky? I would, If you put a 44 magnum to my skull, I would not take a, oh my God.


I would not take a bite of mushroom jerky. And you were handing it to our guests. And then you wonder why suddenly all the A-listers dropped out. Where do you even get mushroom jerky At the snack aisle in Gelson's. And I do have a story. And that's when Bill Hader came back for the third time. He picked up the mushroom jerky and he said, is this a prank? Is this a prank? Yes. Well, I'm on Bill's side. Bill's a valued guest. Let's see what else we got here. Island style, I'd think like, oh good. The, I guess these are potato chips, but they're hands you In fun of those. Yeah. Rusty's chips. They're island style. That doesn't look like any potato chip I've ever seen in my life. Looks look good though. That kind of saturated with oil Or something.


No, it says no trans fats. No saturated fat. No cholesterol. Oh, here it says, no joy. Oh, now joy free. Good job, rusty. You took everyone's favorite unhealthy snack and turned it into something nobody wants. We should Be trying some of these. I know you're not supposed to eat on podcasts, But I just, I hear, hear RFK Junior said that joy was inflammatory. So really, I'm just, just looking out for Everyone. Okay. Okay. Okay. If you're gonna work in your little political jabs, You know, I didn't realize, oh, here's some good crunchy giant Inca corn. And there's a picture of a, a female athlete slamming up the side of, oh, I thought You were gonna say a female something else. Corn nuts. Well, it's, it's, no, they're not corn nuts. It's crunchy giant ink of corn.


It looks like a, a vagina. This looks like a vagina. And, and in the ear. No, I don. Okay. I mean, I think, I think people are health conscious. No, this Isn And they want healthy Snacks. No, no, no, no. That's their choice. This is our gift to them. Mm. So If you gift somebody, what are you eating over there? Oh, Just a skinny dipped dark chocolate peanut Butter. Oh, you found the one thing that was edible in there. Oh, good. Go crazy with banana twos sugar. All natural banana walnuts. Sarah Silverman took those enthusiastically yesterday. Okay. Do You realize she's homeless? Sarah Silverman is homeless.


When we found her for the podcast, she was reaching into a garbage can to eat half a hot dog. And I said, do you want to come do the podcast? And she said, is there anything there to eat? I'll eat anything. And I said, would you eat banana walnuts? And she said, yeah, I guess so. I'm so cold and so hungry. So, I mean, this is, this is a war crime. What's going on here? Oh, GFB, gluten-free brothers. Oh, I love the gluten-free brothers. When I wanna have a good time, I hang with the gluten-free. Hey, are they gluten-free brothers in town? Let's have a party. Did something happen to you as a child? Is this, are you angry about something? What's going on?


Why would you do this to people? It's just, You know, I have this boss and he's really critical. Ah, that's true. Do you think that you have the taste buds of like a young teenage boy though? Conan like, I think you just want, like, I, you would you guys admit anybody? Does anybody see kind of what I'm saying that may, Eduardo, would you like to speak up? I'll Just say I was convinced that maybe this was Maddie's tactic to keep us away from not touching the guest. Yes. Yes. Great. Yes. Okay. So Eduardo is onto something there. And so the thing is, I love, I love putting out the snack basket.


Okay. Snacks are my love language. And, and while I'm flattered a lot of other people in the office began also enjoying the snack basket, which is fine, but I got to the point where the guest would be two minutes away and there would be six opened containers in the basket. And, You know, apart from Sarah Silverman, apparently our guests are classy people. I want a good presentation. And so sometimes I would have to scramble and, You know, like, I don't like greeting the guests when I'm scrambled. I, I prefer to not be sweaty. Listen, Listen mad. I don't want you, I don't want you at all to be on the, I don't want you to all be at all be on the defensive.


Okay? But if s But listen, what you just attacked for 10 minutes. Listen. I know what, I don't know why you're being so defensive. By the way, let's continue with the Nuremberg trial. Maddie. If snacks are your love language, you are filled with hate. This is just awful what you're doing. And yes, I agree with you that I understand your tactic that yes. Would you, you're just chopping away. These are good. Oh, I can't see them. What are you? Thank you Sona. You just knocked both of the gluten-free brothers on the floor. Yeah. Yeah. I knocked out both gluten-free brothers with one mighty backhanded blow. And Erwin Hey, have some teriyaki chips here.


Why don't you, why don't you eat this highlighter while you're at it? Okay, thanks. I hear it's free and of electrolytes, bla I understand you're taking a trip pretty soon. Where are you going? I'm going To the mountains. I'm going to Idlewild. Ooh, the mayor's a dog. Did You know that? Okay, mayor Max. Sorry. Way too much information Since Mayor Max. He's A dog. Yeah, that's okay. Well, that's nice. You're gonna ile wild. That's, It's great. And


You know what I'm thinking about hosting an Airbnb while I'm gone to help offset some of the cost of The trip. That's smart. Hosting is a Pretty cool and unique way to make some money back. That's right. And people could stay in my awesome apartment, which is full of great comic books. I have a lot of cool figurines. It's really a, it's a great place to stay also. Oh boy. Have you seen the movie 40-year-old Virgin? No. Now you should check it out sometimes. Okay. Sounds sounds fun. But You know what? It it, You know, if you've got 20, 25 goals of like travel and stuff like that, this would fit very nicely into those goals, which is using Airbnb. That's right. Exactly. It's more relaxing to take a trip when You know that you're making some cash on the other end. Exactly. And it might make you a little more, I don't know, prone to spend a little more on your trip on yourself. That's right. Because You know that you're being responsible. That's right. So don't leave money on the table when you travel. Your home might be worth more than you think it is. Find out how much at Airbnb dot com slash host


The all new Nissan Armada Pro. Four X is an unshakeable fortress powered by a twin turbo V six engine. Yeah. Ready to propel your adventures to new heights. Yeah. Your voice changes when you do a car act. I'm trying to, I'm trying to become Will Arnett. Oh, okay. But I can't do it. He's like, oh, new Nissan Armada Pro Fourex. No, listen, I'm gonna, I'm gonna explain this car to you. 'cause this car is fantastic. It's Max 8,500 pound towing capacity has the power to haul all your favorite toys on your next big adventure. You could steal the Statue of Liberty with this. It's incredible. I'm not saying do that. I'm just saying this thing that's a lot of Holland power. Nobody gets left behind with the Armada Pro Four X's premium interior that seats up to eight passengers. That's crazy. I don't know. Eight people going big. Never goes outta style. No terrain is too tough for the all new Nissan Armada Pro four x the most capable armada ever built, built for the most rugged of terrain. The all new Nissan arm Pro four x gives you freedom to explore further


This bracket season. FanDuel is letting you make the call. 'cause right now, new customers can get $200 in bonus bets when your first $5 bet wins. You hear me? That's 200 extra binos to bet on. Everything from clutch shots to last second heartbreaks and even who's cutting down the nets. If you've been waiting to join, there's no better time. There's turn action that slang for tournament almost every day. And FanDuel has amazing bet types like spreads totals, game props, and so much more. I know all about this. You do? Oh, I'm a real, it sounds like it. I'm a real Beto. I I'm, I'm excited because Michigan State, which is my team, I I think they're gonna go all the way. They're number one in the big 10. Yes. Yes. Let's go all the way. You know, don't shake your head, Eduardo. Listen, you are all a Michigan all the way you are always. That's right. Ever since I've known you, which is like 20 some odd years. That's right. You've been babbling about Michigan. This Michigan that. You gotta try a Michigan soup. You gotta have Michigan pizza pie. I love it all. And, and, and so yeah. I say with FanDuel, Michigan State all the way. Let's go baby. Go drink. Yeah. Your favorite murderers are from Michigan. Anyway. That's true. Also, soup. Visit FanDuel dot com slash conan. Get in on the college hoops Action. Attorney long turn is short for tournament. Must be 21 plus in present in select states for Kansas in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in present in DC. First online Real money wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued as non withdrawal bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Visit md gambling help.org. In Maryland The best.


B2B marketing gets wasted on the wrong people. This makes me nuts play. Yes, me too. You know too. Me too. Have you ever been served an ad that wasn't intended for you? All the time. You know, for a while I kept getting ads for expensive pots. And guess what? I don't cook. I have never cooked anything. I once tried to just boil some ramen and guess what happened? There was an explosion and three buildings were destroyed. Oh my God. So when you wanna reach this, that was, that ad should never have gone to me for a special pot. It's a lot of buildings. Yeah. A lot of buildings went. And I had to flee the country for a while. When you wanna reach the right professionals use LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn is grown to a network of over 1 billion professionals. And that's where it stands apart from other ad buyers. Have they got a billion? I don't think so, buddy. Boy, you can target your buyers by job title, industry, company roles, seniority skills, company revenue, all the professionals you need to reach in one place. So do me a favor, stop wasting budget on the wrong audience. Come on. Get your head in the game. Start targeting the right professionals only on LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn. We'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign so you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco derms and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.


Maddie? Yes? Yes. Here's the problem. Yes. You have identified a real problem, which is that this little podcast studio that we run, this team Cocoa World is just, it's a ship filled with rats that need to be bisected, by the way. And it's sad. It's sad that when you put out some snacks, all these well-paid employees hover around and jump on them and then just start gobbling them. They're rodents. Everyone. Everyone who works here is a rodent. They're good snacks. That's why people wanna, But they're in a basket that says, this is for Woody Harrelson. And then when you see a basket that says Food for Woody Harrelson or Welcome Harrison Ford.


A a well educated, nice well-bred person, doesn't jump on it and start snoring it down, especially when an icon's coming up the stairs. Also, we have a whole cabinet full of other snacks that people we do. There's no mushroom jerky in there. And I've been looking, do you realize mushroom jerky isn't even manufactured? It's a byproduct of other food that went bad. It's other food that went bad and turned into mushroom jerky. And then they just put a package around that. That's what mushroom jerky is. I'm gonna tell you this right now. This is got to stop. Okay? We've got to stop and, and, and I have your back. If these rodents, these rats are getting into the snacks.


See, what you're doing is, oh, I don't, there's this food and I don't want these dogs to eat the food that I'm gonna put out. So I'm gonna pour kerosene all over it. And then you're shocked that people come to your nice brunch and no one's eating the food. And you're saying, well, what's the problem? Well, it tastes like kerosene. I know. I put kerosene on it to keep the dogs away. What's your problem? Well, that's essentially what you're doing. Mushroom jerky. You know these gom go chips, tempura flavored chip chops. Inca corn, that looks like a vag. You know, you've got the gluten-free brothers, you've got mushroom, You know, jerky.


It's just a mess. It's a mess. And it's gotta stop. People want Doritos. They want Oreos. Okay. They want food that's good for you. Food. That food That's good for you. Doritos and Oreos, these are people who care about their bodies. She's getting them snacks. They probably already eat anyway. Right. Is It possible that you would enjoy the seaweed If you tried it? Try it. Try It. Yeah. Try it. Try the seaweed. And is it possible that we start kind of tailoring it to what we think the guests would like? Because this all seems very woody Harrelson to me, but not necessarily. Oh, This is awful. Oh, come on. This is, and I'm not kidding. This tastes like the ocean. The last time I had this taste in my mouth was when I almost drowned in summer Camp Craig at Mountain Farm, 1975.


Oh man. That's just as aw, this is awful. Ugh. Can I just say, I've had this exact nightmare before. God damnit, get this outta my mouth. God, I've never seen him so charged of all the things. Do you want some? I'll try. Maddie, do you taste test these? I do. I I like all of these snacks. No, you don't. You do not like that snack. Yes. Seaweed's. Good for you. And it's a great substitute For seaweed's. Good for you. I an octo pie wouldn't have that. Okay. That's more than one octopus. Yes. Yeah. But you said an octopi. Oh, here's good. You got, you decided to get some jerky, but don't worry, it's grass fed and finished. Zero sugar. Oh, what's wrong with any of that Stuff Though?


I like lots of sugar in my beef. I also, I want beef. That's not, I want some beef that's eating grass. I want beef that's out eating other beef bullshit. This is bullshit Alley. This my daughter eats these seaweed things and they're not anywhere near as good as these ones. Those are Ter That's terrible. That's ter It tastes like seaweed. When, You know what, when I was a kid strolling the beach, I never once was like, Hmm, look at that. Seaweed on the sand and then started chopping away macadamia. That's the worst of the nuts. I'm sorry. It is. Apologies to Hawaii, but you guys really, really blew it with the macadamia. You've got some mince here. That's good. Oh, I see.


You put a lot of mince in here to get this seaweed taste out of your mouth. That's why they're there. Mr. O'Brien? Sir, may I just ask? It's Dr. O'Brien. It's the Dr. O'Brien, sir. I'm a PhD. Sorry. PhD. Dr. O'Brien, PhD in non Nons senseology. May I just ask, what snacks would you like to see in the basket? And I ask this because before the Oscars, I put together a basket for you. And I reached out to David hopping your assistant, and he said, and I quote, I don't know, I guess protein bars. So, So what, what could I, what could I do to, to, to, to please my benevolent boss? Maddie, you don't want to be thinking about me because I am someone who's filled with a lot of self-loathing.


Mm. And when I approach a gig like the Oscars, I start, I, I get nervous. I get intense. I, I I just eat protein bars. I drink a lot of water. I drink, I it's bad. No, I'm saying I'm, I'm, I'm telling you this Isn enough supposed to be. I'm saying you shouldn't be catering to me because I don't have joy in my life. I've removed joy in my life so that I can bring joy to others in a selfless way. Good. Don't go by me. Okay. But go by like you should call one of my brothers. Okay. Actually call my brother Neil and find out what to put in there. Okay. And could be moon pies and stuff. Yeah. It's gonna be a great, it's gonna be full of great.


No, but I mean, You know, You know cookies and yummy snack. Eduardo jump in here. You agree with me? Right? I agree with you. I'm sorry Maddie. But I also do have the taste buds of a 15-year-old boy. I'm Sure. So yes. But a lot of people do. Yeah. Not a lot of like celebrities though. I do. That's a myth. You all think because we have these amazing bodies and I see the way you guys look at me that With total distain. Yes, that's what I meant. But there's a misconception. No, I mean, some of these guests like Cher might really wish that someone would offer her some Oreos just once instead of putting out some dried papaya goo.


What if She could spread on her gums, put Two baskets naughty and nice And they can make the choice, but they have to choose one. Yeah, that's true. We could, we could do, we could do a study on this. Yeah. And just kind of see what the celebrity Like, and we could make a chart of like who went naughty and who went nice. Yeah. Cher went naughty. Jane Fonda went naughty. Oh, that's Kobe Hah. Went nice. You guys Keep saying Cher. Cher was booked. Cher was what? What? She was booked and then, and then the fires broke out. I know. If it was a hard enough for year. I know now you guys keep bringing her up as as if we had her on the show. Well, we had a basket ready for come on. Yeah. Which told us some of the worst shit anyone's ever eaten. It Was a basket full of hush. Does It have to be Snacks? Hush.


You said it Right? What's that? Does it have to be snacks? Could it be like a mixture of like some swag and Oh, Well now that's caught in this. That's lot money if They, it's expensive. If they don't take the swag, that's just kind of, Hey, do we ever give them a, is there a, is there a Con O'Brien needs a friend, a hat or something? That's for sure. Smart. Well, guess what? Guess what? I'm gonna tell you something. It's very smart. I'm sure other podcasts give you swag. I know other late night shows, we would do it on a late night show. You give a celebrity a t-shirt, they wear it and then they're around at St. Bart's. Beyonce is walking around wearing a t-shirt that says, I love Conan. And people are paparazzi take a picture and they go like, wow. Conan's. Cool. Hello? Could I lose you guys? Sorry.


Whatcha Are you guys doing? What are you, why are you signaling each other? I dunno what's happening? Wait, what's happening? Why are you signaling No, There's, there's nothing happening. We were just going give the rap light, but I was just saying not yet. We should go just a few more minutes. That's Oh, I didn't realize that you're the Toscanini of this opera. I didn't realize you have the baton Way that You know that Aite is just an indication. You go as long as You, I go as long as I want. When I, when I sense that we're on, when I sense that we've hit oil, I keep drilling baby. Yeah, Yeah. You know the heat on. I'm sorry, I can't believe you cut off his Beyonce. Beyonce wearing a I don. Good. Good. Yes. That's way worse than bad snacks. I so, so I, I will say back at the TV show, You know, one of the things we used to give people among other things was a giant can of delicious popcorn.


Yes. And people used to love munching on that popcorn. You Know what we gave them this amazing popcorn that comes from Chicago and it's, it, it's a cheddar, but it's like, it's made of molten cheddar. It was so good. What About a seaweed popcorn? No. Oh, I like that. No, listen, stop. I, I know that you wanna live to be 250 and be in terrible pain at the end of your life. But what are you doing? I would like another one of these. Another brother, these gluten-free brother bites. Stop giving them free advertising. We do not want that company to flourish. Oh my God. Alright. I'm gonna shut it down because I Garrett's popcorn. Yeah.


It was Garrett's popcorn. Yeah. Yeah. Garrett. Yeah. And Garrett's and, and we never had any complaints about Garrett's popcorn. Also, I'll say in the green room at the show, we used to have a whole cheese plate. Yes. It was a, there was a all kinds of cheese, Soft cheese. Okay. Listen, listen, listen. This was a different time. Okay. Aren. We were a television show That's right. With a certain budget now where a bunch of people hovered around one microphone hiding from the rain. So no, we are, we are, we are not gonna start having caviar No. And roasted ham out there, but I think we can do better than what we're doing. And, and, and Maddie, what? He's your Hailey Beaver smoothie. Oh My. Yeah. Your Hailey Beaver Smoothie. Yeah. Perfect. Oh and good. My neta spoon.


Oh my God. Speaking of budget, I I, I have to beg for these snacks as is I, I can't fill a basket with $19 Aand smoothies. I just wanna Set. That's true. Unbelievable. Listen, I am at the top of the top of the Hollywood pyramid. Okay. Because I have a Hailey Bieber smoothie. It was just brought to me. Probably is a bit, but I'm gonna enjoy it. Mm. What does that taste like? It tastes like beauty. It tastes like youth. It tastes like fame. It tastes like all good things. Wow. Available at Air one. And they're only $700 a pop. And you have to bring a, you have to have a co-signer for the loan.


I'm gonna sign off and listen, Maddie, I want to end on a positive note, which is I really think I'm a great podcaster And I think I'm pretty good looking guy. I can't come up with something positive about you. I just No, you are fantastic. You do a great job. We all love you. We cherish you. Yeah. I think something went very wrong. I think you're angry about something and it's reflected in this gift basket, which is a tragedy. It's a crime, but I think it's easily fixed. But other than that, let me tell you, we are very lucky to have you. Aw, okay. Thank you so much. We love you. You're very funny. Very creative. She's a very funny person. Oh, I love Maddie. Yeah. And I love the snacks. I'm sorry. No, no, no. I'm venturing. There we go. That's, that's fucking, Oh, you dick, that's the worst thing you could do to chips.


Yeah. To Rusty. That really messed Up. No, not to those chips that actually improved those chips. Oh my God. So can I just say, we have a guest coming in probably three minutes. And now all of these snacks are either eaten Or just tarnish. Well, these for today's good. Oh, guess what? Guess what? Here's what we should do. Okay, great. I'm smashing up all the snacks and then see, see if Carol LeFer notices. Let's see if she not Carol. Here. I'm gonna spit in this one. No, no, I'm not gonna do that. I like it. I like, I'm not gonna do that to Carol. We'll get her some. But, but, but seriously, let's, let's up the game a little bit and, and give people, I'd say a little bit of a mixture. Absolutely. No sea seaweed, no mushroom jerky. Okay. Throw a couple of Oreos in there, but you can still have your gluten-free Glim Glams and glam glams.


Okay. Well this Has been very informative. Thank you. Yeah, I think it's been very informative. And I think I had a little bit, oh, my heroin on Hapa Bieber smoothie. They put actual pieces of gold in here and actual pieces of Hailey Bieber. Yeah. Okay. You went too far. It's red. Alright. I like the joke. Thank you. Okay. It's red. Yeah. Okay. Here's the bottom. Hold it up and look at the bottom. That's, That's her, that's her spleen. That's her spleen. Yeah. She really gave up herself to make this movie. Thanks Hailey. Oh God. Peace out. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley. Produced by me. Matt Gorley.


Executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer Aren Blair, associate talent producer Jennifer Samples, associate producers Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan. Please rate, review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan wherever fine podcasts are down.


That's the sound of a tree in Tennessee's Great Smoky Mountains releasing volatile organic compounds, which is just a fancy way of saying it's creating fog and that makes the smokies smoky. This is one of many sounds in Tennessee with a story to tell to hear them in person. Plan your trip@tnvacation.com Tennessee. Sounds perfect.


All set for your flight? Yep. I've got everything I need. Eye mask, neck pillow. T-Mobile headphones. Wait. T-Mobile. You bet. Free inflight wifi. 15% off all Hilton Brands. I never go anywhere without T-Mobile. Same goes from a water bottle, chewing gum, nail clippers, passport. I'm gonna leave You to a find Out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel Qualifying plan required wifi were available on select US Airlines deposit and Hilton Owners membership required for 15% discount terms and conditions apply.