
This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Each Apple product, like the iPhone 16, is thoughtfully designed by skill designers. The titanium Apple card is no different. It's laser etched, has no numbers, and it earns you daily cash on everything you buy, including 3% back on everything at Apple. Apply for Apple Card on your iPhone in minutes. Subject to credit approval. Apple Card is issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


Having the right people in your corner to support you in life makes all the difference. Trust me, I've been there. The person could be the friend who goes with you to test drive a new car, but it could also be the State Farm agent who helps you choose coverage for that car. Let State Farm handle the coverage parts of life so you can focus on the fun parts of life. Like taking a new car out on the open road. You don't have to worry about the coverage parts. Cruise baby. You betcha. Go online at State Farm dot com or use the award-winning app. That app won an award. No surprise, to get help from one of their local agents. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Okay, we're gonna do something a little different today. As you know, I run a powerful podcast company here, thriving Concern, and we always are trying to improve things. Recently we talked to our talent coordinator, Maddie Ogden, about our snacks that we were offering. The celebrity guests that come on. I thought things were getting way too healthy. And this is a bit of a follow up to that because I've seen real positive change. One of the things she does is she, she treats the incoming talent, whoever it might be.


All the greats come here. Cesar Romero, Rudolph Giuliani, all of our great podcast guests over the years, you know, Al Jolson, Woody, the Woodpecker, all the guests that come, she writes out a nice thing on a chalkboard with colored chalk. Welcome, Woody welcome, former mayor of New York. Rudy Giuliani now disgraced. And she writes a nice thing and then she provides a gift basket. And I was getting very critical of the gift basket 'cause it used to be great. And then I noticed over time it got super healthy. Did you guys notice this too? And we talked about it. We had a segment about it. Yeah. Yeah. And we discussed it and it started to get filled with like, oh, it's a weird kale chip and, and bla, feel free to jump in anything.


Mushroom jerky. You pointed out mushroom jerky. That was the big offenders. Mushroom jerky broke my brain. So we called Maddie in and mad talked about it. And I think it was a very popular segment. People, I heard about it a lot from people out on the street. From the people on the street. 'cause I walk the streets. Okay. I'm often seen walking the streets at night. Yes. And I'm just trying for the people to come talk to me. And people really like that segment. Since then, our show here in Larchmont has been bombarded with snacks. Yeah. Every day I come in, there's new snacks. People are, are sending us snacks because they wanna be part of our snack basket. Which was never a promotional opportunity at all. This was, this was not something that we were doing to, maybe It should have been.


Maybe it should have been. Maybe we weren't playing the game. Right. Yeah. Well it is now. 'cause we have mentioned some snacks. We get That's true. I mean, no mushroom jerky. That's not allowed. No. And no like weird collagen chips. Oh yeah, there's, I liked some of the stuff in there. I think you were a little harsh because I liked a lot of the stuff that was in there. But now when they're bringing like, you know, all the different popcorn and I saw Oreos, I was like, yeah, maybe this is better. Exactly. Yeah. There's Almond Joys now too. There's, Yes. Well it's for, if Maddie's here, we should have her come in. If she's, if she's here, let's have Maddie come in because we can talk to her and maybe she can update us on what's been sent in.


This is what's called, and I happen to know this, so Dunno if You don, we're called this. It's called a follow up. Oh, Okay. Well, thank you. Thank, that's Cool. And people like a follow up and Yeah. Hi Maddie. Maddie Ogden. Come on in. Oh, She's carrying a box. Okay. And Maddie, this was unplanned. I didn't set this up be beforehand, but would you agree that since this segment aired, we've been getting people sending us snacks? Is that true? That's a microphone right there. Are we getting snacks or are we not getting snacks? Oh yes, we are getting snacks. We, we, we are getting snacks sent to us. To me, Maddie, the talent coordinator and snack artist. Yeah. Okay. What is this? This is, this actually arrived today along with other snack showstopper cookies.


Debates By, yeah, that was really good. A Portland. A Portland native, like myself and Michelle's granola, which Eduardo's wife is a huge fan of. I will be honest, I have yet to dig in because I am nervous to make snack flu videos because I don't consider myself to be an influencer snack flu. But, and then this is like air puff corn, which I haven't tried. Sona has tried. My understanding is that it's like a healthier version of pirate's booty. Yeah. It's pretty good. Oh, okay. So first of all, I wanna make sure this is all on the level with Adam Sachs, our, our guru. We're just mentioning products. I am not here. I don't wanna be later on charged with some kind of scam. This is just us discussing.


I think we're good. This is okay. Yeah, I think we're good. Maybe it's Tanisha Tanisha's gonna come in here and she's gonna say, you can't mention that puff corn because we have a side deal with ppy Pappy popcorn from Cincinnati. We can't stop people from sending us food. You're right. You're right. Yeah. We cannot stop people from sending us like air puff 50 calories per cup. Better than popcorn. It says, but that must mean it's not popcorn. It's it's popcorn. What is it? It's Like a healthy Cheeto. Can We try it? Let's see. But It's, it's better. We did not prepare this. And this is sealed pretty well. And Maddie has no knife for anything. And now she's tearing at it like a wild animal.


And Blake gave her a pen. You threw her a pen so she can write. Request a knife. Oh, there's different footage. But I mean, I'm seeing pancake. Wow. Lemme try pancake. Lemme try pancake. Oh my God. Ohap cheddar Cinon bowl. This is pancake flavored puff corn. I already had a bag. I try. This Was a good, I did a white cheddar was It was really good. Oh, white cheddar and pancake. I bet. Oh my God. Yeah. That is good. It's, it's a little alarming when you first bite into it and then it's great. Yeah, It's good. I really like these snack segments. We do. 'cause all I do is snack here. Yeah, I know. I'm a big snacker. You don't snack as much as Mad. I do. I try not to snack as much on air talent.


I try to keep a lean body weight. How many bowls of fruity bubbles did you have today? Be honest. Don't you have me tell everyone to remove them from the kitchen. 'cause You don't trust yourself around the fruity Pebbles. I have an addiction issue and I respectfully ask that Fruity Pebbles, the magical cereal that turns milk into plutonium be taken away. How many balls today? I wanna talk about it. And then yesterday, two. Today, two today for yesterday. Are We on air talent? If this is a pod, are we considered on-air talent? Or, I know you, you are. 'cause you're on air a lot. But doesn't that make us on air talent too? What are you getting at? Do I need to diet?


Oh no. Oh, stop Sona. No. Oh no, you're beautiful. Whatcha talking about? Oh, That's really nice. I'm stress eating a lot. It's fine. It's okay. Well maybe I'll take it about another bag. Yeah. I am my And no one listen. It's okay. No one's ever thanks Pal. No one's watching or not watching me or listening or not listening because of how I appear clearly. So, you know, this is Also, can I say Sona, growing up watching you and your presence on the Conan show. Growing This up. Maddy, I'm 14. We're violating a lot of child labor laws. But I just wanted to say no. Like genuinely like as I was, you know, three watching you and you know, 'cause we're starting to become a, become a toddler.


I I'm, I'm young. I'm not that young, but I you were, and I, I talked to my friends about this and it's true. Like you were such a healthy influence on a young woman. Because the truth is, I'm, I'm sorry. I know this is a comedy podcast. I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be real for a second. But it's, it's, it's sucks growing up as a woman, I think that it's, you know, hot take but preach. And you were such a healthy influence that you first of all were never afraid to be yourself, but that you were. So, I I think the term body positive is kind of like, eh, but it's true in the sense that like, you know, you growing up, like you were so open about your love of snacks and sometimes and alcohol. Alcohol. No, I don't Need to chime in.


No, no, but you that's really nice. Say this like a Zorba the Greek, you live, you lived life. You love life and it was really healthy. Yeah. Yeah. It's Really nice. Thanks guys. And You're beautiful and you're a good Oh, you're good. Good role model. And it's still bizarre for me to work with you every day. And I just wanted to say That, ah, wow. I didn't see this coming at all. You wouldn't have done it if you did. No you wouldn't. If I had known this was gonna turn out to be some sort of kind thing for Sona out of ditched this thing a long time ago. No women's empowerment. But I think that's very lovely that that was said. No, it's really nice to, and it very nice means a lot to me, to me. Say it. And I wish I had been included in that somehow, but we'll let it go. Let the record show. I've written him multiple cards.


He can't Yeah. I shred them. I I'm gonna dig in. Okay. These snacks are good. I would recommend these for the gift basket. Okay. But we're getting other stuff in too. Did we get Oreos Or not Oreo? Well, I haven't put them in the basket. I gave those just to you. But I can, I can get snack pack Oreos if that, if that pleases thy lord. No, I never compared myself to Jesus. That was one time Okay. When I said I could convert water into wine. Since people Are sending us snacks and, and clearly you have a power to influence what's being sent us. Do you want to call out any sort of snack that you'd like to try or Something? I don't, I feel like I shouldn't alter the course of history. Got it. Okay.


Like on Star Trek, this is gonna get you excited. I know you're big star rek fant. You can't change, you can't interfere with the civilization on the planet. Just The snack prime directive. Right? Exactly. Yeah. I knew you'd know the, sorry. Actual quote. Well listen, I like the way the direction is going with the snacks. Okay. That's why this is called a follow up. Okay. Didn't expect it to be this, this the Sona turn. I didn't see it coming, but it was lovely. Oh, I had to sneak it in. Thank You Maddie. I always keep a box cutter with you so you can open a box. Understood. Especially around Conan. Okay.


I've always believed that your home should be an expression of who you are. That was my, I have that like tattooed on my low back. Oh wow. I could have had so many things tattooed down there. Yeah. And that's what I chose down there. Yeah. Anyway. Whether you're redecorating a single space or furnishing your entire home, Ashley has styles that balance timeless appeal and modern trends to bring your personal look home. Ashley offers well crafted, affordable pieces built to stand up to real life, not phony, pretend life love. They offer fast, reliable, white glove delivery right to your door. Dingdong. Hello. Hey, what are you guys wearing white gloves for? We are here from Ashley. Hey, you guys kept your promise. You bet We did. We're Ashley, visit your local Ashley store or head to ashley.com to find your style.


Uncrustables are the best part of the sandwich. I mean, we've been thinking that. Why does, I'll say it right, Sona? Yeah. Like who needs a crust? You've been saying that since the day I met you 15 years ago. Sony, you said, who needs the crust? And I said, first of all, my name's Conan. You know, anyway, it's the perfect grab and go for all of life's moments with unbeatable soft bread and a variety of flavors. Like, well, peanut butter and grape jelly, peanut butter and strawberry jam. Hello. Peanut butter and raspberry spread and so much more. No mess, no prep. Just thaw and eat. Hmm. Yep. Get them in the freezer aisle today.


I'm a bit of a grill master. You know that Sona? Yeah, you sure are. Yeah, you really are. But You don, I've always known as a grill master. There's no wrong way to grill. You know, we've just got our own ways to prep for the perfect event. That's all. Well, guess what, since 1975, man, what a year that was. Yeah. Miller Lite has been the go-to beer to fill up the cooler when it's a good day to grill. It's made with simple ingredients. Its like malted barley, which gives it rich, balanced toffee notes in that classic golden color. Mm. Stock up today for the grill season ahead. It's Miller time. People know I'm the grill maestro. Yeah. Yes. So all my friends gather. Ricky Tron, Jacque Mac, Sam Omare, all my friends, you know? Yeah. But then we have Miller Lights 'cause that's what makes it, we could almost forget all the grilling. Yeah. In fact, I don't even know why I am grilling. Most of these people are vegan. But we love Miller Light. So I'm there and I'm flipping, I'm flipping them their soy burgers. But we're having the best Miller Light I've ever. It's just Miller Light, man. It makes everything. Yeah, it does. It's fantastic. Miller Light. Great taste. 96 calories. I've done the counting myself. Go to Miller lite.com/corner to find delivery options near you. Or you can pick up some Miller Lite pretty much anywhere they sell beer. Cheers. To 50 freaking years of Miller Time. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories and 3.2 carbs per 12 bounces.


Let's be real. I mean, it's time we got real, don't you think guys? Yeah. B2B marketing is pretty tough. It is. You can craft the perfect campaign, but if it lands in front of the wrong people, it might as well be invisible. Hey, where is it? Where is it? I don't see it. It's invisible. It's like reaching pro gamers instead of programmers. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Makes a big difference. That's where LinkedIn comes in. Gather around everybody. Yeah. LinkedIn's a network of over 1 billion professionals who actually get business on LinkedIn ads. You can target your buyers by job title, industry, company role, seniority skills, company revenue. And did we say job title yet? I guess that's a joke. So stop wasting budget on the wrong audience and start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign so you can try it yourself. Hmm. Pretty cool. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.


Good job with the snacks. I think they are. I think the snack game is way improved. Yeah. And just getting rid of the mushroom jerky, which was a total, Total fail. That was unforgivable. I, I am sorry. A lot of people have roasted me online as a liberal fuck for doing that. And I have to say, oh my God, I can't disagree. That was a valid criticism. Oh My God. Well listen, I don't often agree with the far right, but when it comes to mushroom jerky, I do. Me too. Yeah. Keep America strong. All right, well you do something with this. Make it into something and then we'll get something. Me, I'm just lost in puff. Right. Is Amazing.


It's weird isn't It's good. I will break it. Bring the prime directive and say send more puff. Wow. Wow. And the pancake flavor is a hit. Yeah. And the jalapeno cheddar, You can have more of that one. Yeah, I opened it, but I'm actually feeling the white cheddar. I Try That one. Oh, what's up here? Lemme try some of that Cheddar. You Want some of this? Gimme some jittery. Maddie, is there a snack that you're thinking of that you're pondering that would be moving us in a whole new direction that you haven't pulled the trigger on yet? Meaning, would we ever go to giving somebody, this is gonna be, I'm just off the top of my head, but like a candied ham. Oh god. Or I mean like a meat product. Would we ever do that?


Would we ever do a, a jerky of some kind? A real jerky? Would we ever do? I, I don't know. Whatever. It's like, it's very carb heavy, I think. Yes. A little more protein meat. Yes. Thank you bla Thank you. That's what I think I was going for is that little more protein. It's all very chippy and very crunchy and salty. Oh, so like snacks. Those are all delicious things. Yes. But a snack can also be a piece of a slice of sirloin steak. Like a roasted pig on a spit or something like going at all times. Well, chunks of ch chunks of ham. You wouldn't, I mean obviously you're being silly when you say a whole roasted pig, but if we got a roasted pig and we hacked off chunks of it and we threw it in the basket, that would fill 15 baskets.


That's nice. You know, and then whoever's been on the show, whether it's Idris s Elba or former Mayor of New York, take Rudolph Giuliani, they leave with a chunk of roasted Hawaiian suckling pig. That Sounds like a snack basket for dogs. Should we just take it to a shelter? No, I, I mean, again, you're doing your quips and your, your joke roos. I'm so sorry. That's your generation. No. And you're entitled to those. But I think I was making a real point, which is that protein would be a good idea. Yeah. Yes. Protein. Yes. And, and and lean into a micro. We'll get to your own mic at some point if we can afford it. Just One thought is, you know, we have this big platform, it would be good to have our own products. Oh, to push. So you know God damn Adam.


Yes. This is Oh no, no. Brian mushroom jerky. Yeah. Yay. Can I just say that's why we pay him the big bucks? Yeah. I'm saying No, he actually doesn't. His money's all from skimming. He took, He doesn't even work here. He Doesn't work here. He hasn't worked here in years. We, we don't know what he's doing here, but he drives a Bentley. Ooh, Bentley. That's a good idea for this guy. No, no basket. What do we do? What do we do? We should have a snack that has the Conan O'Brien name and which represents what I represent. A sweetness, a lightness, something. Geez.


I think it's more Acidy. Okay. Acidic. I Don't know why I thought a tempura, and I don't know why. I think it's 'cause it starts off really hard and then it softens when it's in the package longer. Yeah. So maybe you softened temper a, a snack Something. We've gotta get a snack that has, I wanna stand behind a food product. Hmm. Oh. And I want to have a big piece of it so that I never work again. And I think there's a lot of people out there listening that would love it if I just stopped talking. Oh. And just shut the fuck up. So if I had a food product that was a big seller, it's like Newman's own, I'm gone. Yeah. There's Oh, that goes to charity, right? Yeah. Yeah.


There's the obvious, that Choice. That was the flaw with Newman's own. The obvious Choice is like Conan potatoes, beet Chips Or Oh. Or like a little individually wrapped carrot cake. You know, You think a carrot cake. I don't know What, what comes to my mind is not so much a snack, but just maybe more of like a kazoo. Like if I was to Oh, I think boil you down to one product. Well, I think it's possible to make a, a snack that also makes a sound. Ooh, okay. It should be a snack that makes a sound. And if there was a snack that you could blow into and it made a sound, but it had a little bit of protein. You can add protein to anything. Protein powder in especi nowadays. So I mean pop pop they used to make Little candy whistles. Yeah.


Pop candy. A candy whistle. What's that Like Pop rocks. Like pop rocks. You put 'em in your mouth. Oh yeah. Or, Or you just take a, you know, like a, one of those beef sticks and hollow it out. So it's a flute, like a beef flute. Ooh. A meat flute. A meat flute. Conan's meat flute Conan. It's meat flute. Should I Have not, not have said that. I think you did. And we're gonna have to go forward with it. I think it's Conan's meat flute. I'm sorry. It's Conan's meat Flute Conan's own. I'm really sorry. Own meat flute. All proceeds go to him. Yeah. And you didn't retire How Cheap. It's, yeah. So, and, and my big smiling face and my meat flute. Okay. You're idiots. All of you. I thought I was the biggest idiot in the room. We learned by watching you, dad. Yeah. Well watch for it soon.


I doubt it's gonna be at Whole Foods or, or any credible. It's exclusive to our snack basket. You Don't think meat foods could take off? You know, we're have to off, we're gonna have to start our own supermarket chain because they're the only, this like seven 11 won't take this. No gas stations independently owned gas stations won't take Conan's meat flute. But we're getting it out there. Conan's. Meat flute. Yeah. Look for it. Not really cleared by the federal government. The FDA. Actually no. Maybe now. Yes. Yeah. Oh yeah. Anyway, watch for it. Conan Meat flute. Coming soon to an alley near you. Mm. I had four bags of popcorn. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me.


Matt Gorley. Executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer, Aren Blair, associate talent producer, Jennifer Samples, associate producers, Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash Conan. Please rate review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan wherever fine podcasts are down.


Hey, this is Will Arnett, host of Smartless. Smartless is a podcast with myself and Sean Hayes. And Jason Bateman, where each week one of us reveals a mystery guest to the other two. We dive deep with guests that you love, like Bill Hader, Selena Gomez, Jennifer Aniston, David Beckham, Kristen Stewart, and tons more. So join us for a genuinely improvise and authentic conversation filled with laughter and newfound knowledge to feed the smartless mind. Listen to Smartless now on the SiriusXM app. Download it today.


Some say, oh, do business management software is like fertilizer because of the way it promotes growth. Some say Ooo is like a magic beans stock scaling with you while being magically affordable. And some say OOS programs for manufacturing accounting and more are like building blocks for creating a custom software suite. But I say, Ooo, is all of it, fertilizer, magic beans, stock building blocks for business? Yeah. Ooo. Exactly what every business needs. Sign up@ooo.com. That's OD o.com.