
This episode of Con O'Brien Needs A friend is sponsored by LL Bean Summer's, all about getting outside for quality outdoor clothing, gear, and accessories. Turn to LL Bean, the expert. For over a century, they got camp chairs, campsite organizers, blankets, coolers. Plus get the stylish yet durable clothes you need for all types of weather, including their famous bean boots. For the best outdoor products, tips and inspiration, visit ll bean.com/ Conan Outside together. Since 1912,


solo stove and whistle pig whiskey have joined forces to introduce Camp Stock, a limited edition wheat whiskey that's aged in barrels toasted by solo stove, the world's favorite fire pit on the rocks neat. Or in a s'mores old fashioned camp stock wheat whiskey with its notes of Graham cracker baking spices and vanilla is the perfect fireside drink for summer nights. Cheers to whiskey Flavored by the flame and savored by the flame. Please remember to pig out responsibly


Summer s'mores with Conan and the Chill hums. A six part series with Conan O'Brien, Sono MAs and Matt Corley. Let's get started. Well, here we are, summer s'mores, episode three at Sonas House. Maybe we should start this episode by putting another log on the solo stuff. Yeah, Log it up. Log it up. Log It up. You have a nice yard, Sona. Thanks. I think I wanna do some stuff to it, but you know, I like It. How long have you lived here now at this house? Four years. We moved here right before Covid, right? That's right. Right before the lockdown. Remember you said, should I buy a house? And I said, I think you should. There's going to be a pandemic. Remember? Yeah. You said those exact words. Yeah, And. it wasn't, it was like two years before it even happened.


I'm always looking ahead. I had done, I had my ear to the ground. I knew stuff was brewing and so, yeah, I remember coming over here and you've done some very nice, the place looks great, you know, it's, It's nice. It's still needs a lot of stuff. Your House is beautiful. It's wonderful. Oh, I appreciate that. but I need new bathrooms. Can you just do it? What do you mean? I'll just pay for it if you want. Yeah, That's what I'm Asking. Wait, I want a bathroom. Can you just Gimme money? So I can I wanna redo my bathrooms? I want a bathroom. I wanna, What's wrong with the bucket I gave you? It's full. You're supposed to empty it occasionally. Oh, an idiot. I don't need a bathroom. I get it. Okay. You didn't understand how the bucket works. It's full.


Well, I guess I'll never, I have a excrete anything again. Tremendous Stomach ache. Also, I don't know this area as well. It's a very different area of Los Angeles, so it's nice to get here. Yeah, it's Altadena next to Pasadena where you live. Christmas Tree Lane is here. Oh, Why do they call it Christmas Tree Lane? It's amazing. There's, There's these big deodar trees. don don't know if I'm pronouncing it right. And they put lights on all of 'em. And it's this long street and you're driving down. It's like you're driving by a bunch of really tall Christmas trees. It's beautiful. Okay, this, this just, it's like therapy. It just sparked a memory. So when I was a kid, we used to have just regular Christmas trees, you know, saw off Christmas tree and you put a little water at the base just to keep the needles green for whatever, 15 days, 20 days until it would start to die.


And then you'd toss it out after New Year's. So then I remember sometime in the mid seventies, my dad, who was always trying new things, found out that you could get a Christmas tree that had the root ball intact and that way. And he said, this is amazing. It's fantastic. We're going to have our Christmas tree have its root. We're gonna bring in a live tree with its root ball. Listen to this. We're gonna bring in a live tree with its root ball into our living room. And then we're gonna plant it in the side yard after we're done And. it will live with us forever. And over the years, the different trees that we have will create a forest. Now I need to explain to the listener that we have really no side yard.


Our side yard is like a 40, it's a 45 degree angle drop. And before you get to the stroms house who are next door, it's a 45 degree. It's like a cliff. And it's very narrow. I mean maybe, maybe it's 15 feet across if that. And so what A lush forest. And so my dad, sure enough, Christmas is over. And we all had to haul this triage to this. Even the birds are laughing at this story. We had to haul this. It's true, it's true. He's, he's, he's off to tell the other bird, he won't believe it. This guy's dad was an idiot.


So we would, we would then have to like dig a hole. You actually did it. You Yeah, we, we would have to dig a hole And. it was really hard ground. And my dad was like, come on, hurry up. And we'd be like, I just wanna play with my Christmas toys. Hurry up. So we'd dig it and we'd put the tree in the ground. We did this for like five Christmases in a row until they would always leave soil all over the place. And my mom was always furious and saying, Tom, Tom, there's soil all over the place. And. I like the tree. It'll shelter us. There'll be a forest. And finally my mother said, no more of this. 'cause I think one year the root ball completely exploded and there was just soil all over the first floor of the house. So that killed that But. anyway, those trees, they never did shit.


No. Like they died pretty quickly. I think there's one or two that are still there. Oh. But they look like the Charlie Brown Christmas tree. And it's been, oh, it's been like 35 years. So You go back home and you see the trees that you planted long time ago and they're still kind of There. Well, I try, here's what's funny. I go back to visit, my parents still live there. My brother Neil is there. And, I try to go. And every the other, last time I was there, I tried to go into the side yard. And first of all, it's like descending a, it's like descending a mountains in Switzerland. I You need to tie a rope around your belt to go down. And. I go down. And I'm just looking at these little hi there. Like it's not the mighty tree. My dad thought it was gonna be, Oh, it's not a forest.


No, it's not a forest. But that's a nice idea. Yeah. Because otherwise you, you cut it, first of all, Did, you guys go get the trees yourselves. Yeah. It was 1720. Okay. And we would get in a sleigh and we would go out and get the trees ourselves. Right? No, we went to a lot like everybody else. I didn't know that they did that with the root What. Is, It. It's a root bulb. A root ball. Root ball. I didn't even know that existed. but I also. Well, any tree that's transplanted has a root ball. You know any tree? I Did not know that. Or a plant. Okay, Matt, you understand these things, right? I suppose I do. Okay, Well you know what a root ball is. You've heard root ball before. I feel like you're gonna be mad at me if I say yes. Have you heard Your word wrong? You have to just be honest. Matt. You Heard the term Root ball, Matt, when she's this out of control and this wrong, you have to stand up for her.


This Outta control. I'm not wrong. I've just never heard of the words, the words root ball. I don't know what that is. Okay. But, okay, I'll just, anyway, I'll Take your word for it. Yes. Basically the roots are still intact and they sit in a, a ball of soil, a burlap sack, if you will. Okay. Yeah. I do know what that is was I was trying to picture it. Okay. You didn't Know what it was though. I don't think I did. But then when I, the burlap sack thing. Listen, see, you're, You're the weird one. Who knew what a root ball was? Everybody here did. Everyone here? Okay. Jeff You. don, a lot of people are saying yes. Stop. No, Nobody knows. You know what I love You invited your neighbors to come listen. Yeah. And your neighbors just showed up and they all gave the thumbs up. Thank you for showing up. I know, I love that.


You guys Should go now. Probably. No, I'm so glad that Rual, it's my neighbors that live on Common Sense Lane. Anyway. Isn't it funny how all I heard was Christmas Tree Lane And? it took me on this Memory lane, Memory lane of my dad saying, I've got an idea. Our Christmas trees will create a magical forest. And he was wrong. He was just wrong. Do you think he'd ever be like, I was wrong about the trees, But my father admit he was wrong. Yeah. No. Oh. Anyway, where'd You get? Yeah. What? Wait, did that pass down at all? It sounds like it was passed out from your dad. Sounds like. So guy Trait five, His Dad, you can't One Does it.


Canid your wrong genius passed on from the mother. That's, any geneticist will tell you that. That's just common science. Do they still get Christmas trees? Do do I I always do. Did. you Get a real one. Your Do your dad and mom still get Christmas trees? Yeah. There's still a Christmas tree there. Yeah. A real One. Yeah. I, I would fake a couple years ago. Oh, no, no, no, no. We would never do fake. Yeah, I wouldn't either. Oh, I would never Do fake. You do fake. Yeah. I do fake. That's Gross. That's what a blasphemy. That's a sin. Oh, that's, you know, it's weird, You guys, I have My grandparents a fire hazard in your house and you have to go buy one from a out lot. What do you mean? You mean somewhere? you get to go buy one And you put it on your car and then you have to drive home with it.


This Is what do you, what do you have? Do you have something that inflates it? It's in a, it's in a box in our, it could be Christmas at any time in this house. That's just sad. It's in a box in our garage. That's Sad that, you know what's sad? And I. Think everyone here thinks you're sad. That's just sad. It smells Like I never pulled nobody else here does a fake tree. Thanks Sam. Hey, my neighbor's coming through for me this time. It's one to one. Nice. Who else? Yeah, David too. We win. No, You don't win. I do it if you lose, because You don't get the fragrance. That's fake. If you have a fake tree, You could fake the Fragrance. No, you cannot. No. If you have a fake tree, it's just, you might, as you're just saying, I, I don't wanna live life. I choose not to live life. I agree. You know, I hate that. I agree. but I agree. And this is like the s'mores thing.


Yeah. When you're right. You're right. It's just, it's Just a fun, I'm not right a lot. But And I mean like I'm in the upper nineties. But, but when I am Right. Which is 98, 90 9% of the time I am so right. It's crazy. It's off the charts. Right. And you have to have a real tree that just, it's, You don't have to have a real tree. That's part of The spirit. Did. you buy this thing also, what Did you? What happened where Did you tree after where? Did you. Where Did. you buy the tree. Target Home Depot. Oh, That's a nice tradition. Go into Home Depot's a tradition. You buy it once. That's the good thing about it. You buy it one time and then you have, I grew up with a fake tree. We're fake tree people. Oh, That explains a lot. That's awful. What is what? You guys have a tree in your house. It dies and then you just toss it. You know what's interesting? Don't waste of a tree.


You know what makes me sad? The Armenians are the oldest Christians. They Are, we're we're the oldest Christian nation, Christian nation. You guys should be representing real trees. You shouldn't be going to Home Depot and getting something that, by the way, I'm gonna check it out. I bet you what you got is a bicycle rack and you think it's a tree. You're putting lights on a bicycle rack. How do you know it's a tree? I, Because it's a tree I know I can't just, it's a tripod with a couple of things coming off of it. I'm not gonna use A tree with a, with a bike rack. It's a Hat rack. Here's my, it's a bike rack here. You brought up Christianity. Where in the Bible does it say you have to get a real tree for Christmas? Page one. Does Christmas even exist in the Bible? What are you talking about? Are you talking About Of course it does. It a, it talks about, oh, Santa Claus, The Testament says Yes.


And it gonna, he shall get the tree. The tree shall be of the Earth of God made the tree shall smell a fragrant Green Depot. I'm gonna tell your mom that you're Making Home Depot shit up For the Bible. You shall be smitten and smitten. And God chased Abel because Abel had a tree that was made from Home Depot. Oh, I don't care. Out of rubber and steel. Don't you remember, have you ever read the Bible? No. Okay. All. right. I love someone who's shouting about Show me in the Bible where it says, and then, Oh, you proved me wrong. Sorry. I didn't know that. The wrong soft G. Oh. Anyway, I didn't know that. The Bible mentioned Home Depot. Where'd You get the hard G Home Depot? The important thing is that we're all here together. And it's not Christmas


Did. you know that our sponsor Whistle Pig is the world's leading independent American whiskey brand. Did, you know that. I had No idea. I could tell they're about as far from the mainstream whiskey world as you can get and are crafting whiskey in their own way with big age statements, bold flavor, and wild experiments. Mm. Their newest limited edition whiskey is a collaboration with solo stove made for sharing around the campfire. Hey, try Whistle Pig camp stock in a s'mores maple old fashioned with a toasted marshmallow garnish. Perfect. As the nights get longer this season, summer short. Grab some friends and pour s'mores. Yeah, little pun. Find whistle pig whiskey at shop dot whistle pig whiskey.com or at your local bar or liquor store. Please remember to always pig out responsibly.


We've brought back solo stove as a sponsor this year 'cause it still feels incredible sitting around a smokeless fire. I really do love these solo stoves. I really do Too. And they're very pretty Sitting around a solo stove fire pit. Just once you're gonna be hooked for life, I promise you. Ours is the bonfire model. That's the world's favorite fire pit. All solo stove fire pits are so easy to light, portable coming, a variety of sizes, colors, and come with a lifetime warranty. You'll never need another. Start building memories with friends and family around a smoke with fire. Head over to solo stove.com and use promo code Conan 20 to get $20 off your order of $200 or more.


LL Bean brings both comfort and style to the outdoors with their high quality clothes. It's not just their clothes though. I wanna make a point here. LL Bean gear really is designed with thoughtful detail. For example, take the LL Bean base Camp cooler. Okay. Yeah. I'm gonna, I don't know exactly, but I'm guessing it's about 45 quart. It's an extra spacious, super durable. Cooler designed to keep food and drinks cold up to 196 hours. Wow. Are There even that many hours? Yes, there are. If you wait 196 hours, that's as many hours as there are. This Thing's got a ruler on it, which I assume is for measuring the fish You catch. Yep. It has ruler marks on the lid to make it easy to measure your fish when you're fishing. Oh, it's, yep. Very good. Gorley LL Bean thinks about those details. You can sit back and relax in their easy comfort camp chair. guess what? We're sitting in 'em now. These are really comfortable. They're easy And Comfortable. Yeah. Well you know what's nice? A chair that's this comfortable, but then when you're done with it, you just pack it up. You take it with you. Unheard of you unheard of. Yeah. The seat offers optimal comfort for the campsite with fast one step setup so you can quickly kick back after a fun day. I love camping. I love getting out in the wild. This is nice to have all this stuff with us. It feels like we're really camping. I Know. It's really nice and it's comfortable. These chairs are really comfortable. It's very nice. For the best outdoor product tips and inspirations, visit ll beam.com/ Conan outside together. Since 1912. That's right. The year Reagan was born.


There's nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you. Check this out. That's nice. Whether you're going on a weekend getaway outta the mountains, or let's say you're on a dream vacation, or in my case, a work trip to Thailand. It's just fantastic. Let me explain. It starts the moment you take off with free in-flight wifi. So you can stream your favorite show on the go. I mean, that's incredible. That is actually pretty sweet. I love that. I mean, that's insane. I'm always there with my credit card. You know, I can't figure it out. I lose the credit card. Yeah. The phone is stolen. Someone punches me. You start crying. I cry a lot when you land. T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands and an upgrade to Hilton Honors Silver Plus you're covered with five gigabytes. Five gigabytes. That's more than four of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with the go 5G plus or next plans. These are just a few of the perks that feel like big wins when you travel with T-Mobile And it. It's nice to stay connected to your family. I travel a lot, I do these travel shows. And if I'm filming another country I know I can get to my family right away. Yeah. They usually don't wanna speak to me. But they have to. They screen your calls a lot, don't they? I suspect them of screening. Yes. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel today. Qualifying plan required wifi. Were available on select US Airlines registration and Hilton Honors membership required for Hilton Honors Silver terms and Conditions apply.


This show's changed a lot over the years. It has. We've been doing it for five years and in that time I've, I've gained a lot of muscle mass I think have Have you? Yes. Yes. I work out constantly. I don. I've gotten sexier. I don't see any of that. I hit the age where women finally find me undesirable. I haven't seen Wait, I meant desirable And I said undesirable. Oh my God. What a Freudian slip. And not even a Freudian slip. Just truth. Oh. Anyway.


But you know, there's something else that hasn't changed. And that's the great taste of Miller L. Yeah. Miller Light keeps it simple. Un debatable quality. I've seen people try to debate the quality of Miller Light and then they just give up and throw their podiums away. Great. Taste. Only 96 calories. It's the beer. This trips away everything you don't need but holds on to what matters most. The original light beer since 1975. Oh yeah. I rolled with a large crew. Yeah. My bros an entourage. My bro. Hees Entourage was about you and your friends. ent. I sued the people that made entourage 'cause they didn't credit me. That was about me. Hmm. My entourage had Miller Light. That's what we had. Yeah. And we used to crack 'em. And then go, go, go, go, go. Mm. You don't have to choose what's best. Miller Lite has great taste and it's less filling. Taste like Miller Time to get Miller Lite delivered. Right to your door. Hello. Future. Visit miller.com/ Conan or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories per 12 ounces. Fewer cows and carbs than premium regular beer.


Hey, it must be beautiful here at Christmas in Altadena. Huh? It is. Really sweet. Are there any special traditions here in Altadena? Christmas time? Christmas Tree, Tree Lane, Christmas Tree I know, but what I mean besides that, do you all, well, The lighting of Christmas Tree Lane is really fun. Does it happen at a certain moment? Yeah, It happened. We, we, we went this pasture, you go and there's like a lot of like food trucks and little things. You know what's weird though? And, and then it just, at, at a certain time it just lights up. And it. It's so Cool. But there are hours. It's like closed at certain points, you know, like they don't light it up. Well, It's not gonna be on all the time. Hey, I have a question. Did. you ever get snow up here? Yes. You were at a higher elevation. I bet you get some snow. Do you Remember when it was cold as balls? I don't remember when it was cold as balls. No. No. Remember when it was very cold? Do you remember when It was so cold in LA and then it was like insane?


I love it. I love it when It's cold. And. Its snow snowed here at one point. That's Great. That would make me happy. I love snow. Don't Me too. I don it. I don't need it. You have to shovel. You wanna shovel snow? No One shovels snow in LA. You wait. You don't it. 10 minutes And. it goes away. Yeah, but when you like lived in snow Did, you have to shovel it. Was that a chore for You Don? Yes. I had to go shovel out the driveway. We had our house neighbored. The Murphy brothers. The Murphy brothers were Irish guys from Ireland. Oh my God. So we would shovel out our driveway while that too much Irish while they without STRs And the Murphy Boys. Yeah. Stroms Jewish family. Murphy brothers on the other side were these Irish brothers. They would be shoveling out their driveway and my mother would send me Neil, Luke, whoever down to shovel out our driveway.


And the, and that's where I learned what a real Irish accent is. 'cause I thought that the Irish accent was Lucky Charms elf. Yeah. You know. Oh, because oh, I thought that's what I thought from cartoons. And Irish accent was, and these were real guys from the countryside in Ireland. And. I go, oh, hello Mr. Murphy. How are you? t know his I know. I'm like, what the fuck is that? It's a bunch of, that's like a pirate whose jaws broken. And that's how, and then you go to Ireland. It's like when you got to the countryside, that's how they sound. Oh, that's an Irish accent. Anyway. Sure. I did my time. I grew up in a different era than you Sona.


Oh, I'm 110 years old. But people Shovel their snow now. I mean, I'm just, but I, I'm saying I, I didn't know can, can't see you out there like doing Manual labor like that. You had to back then. Okay. I do. Didn't that. It's just something I can't picture. Back then you had to do things you just had to Do you ever get out in your yard now and kind of pull weeds or, or you know, prune hedges or anything like that? Do you do any kind of Manual? Do you, do you, are you alive? What I do? I'm in my, I'm in a room. When I say a room, it's more of a hyperbaric chamber. Okay. Lemme paint the picture for you. Okay. In the morning, the timer goes off and my chamber opens. All the steams and gases come out.


I climb out my pale flacid body. A robe is applied by several attendants. Okay. Oh god. I know. Then I go to a big, I sit in a chair. And I have my morning gel. I just have a little gel that I can have out of a pack. And then I sit And I, look at a screen. And I. See hundreds of workers working on the compound. Oh, And I suspiciously. Watch them about their tasks. Okay. And every now and then I point with my gnarled old finger to one area that I think needs more tending. And, and, and people are dispatched to tell the workers in that sector seven G what to Do. I'm not gonna say you're turning it into Mr. Burns. Yeah. You're becoming it. When you guys get a Christmas tree, do you go out as a family and get it?


Or does some You have somebody for that. We go to Home Depot. Well, first of all, not you, you Go to garage. See, this is where I criticize Sona. She, this is where you criticize. Hold on. Listen you, that's all you do. You went to Home Depot once every year. Every year at Christmas time. Come hell or high water, I call my agency William Morrison Endeavor. And. I Say it's Tree Time. Rick Rosen, you, you own calls. Literally department. Literary department calls the film department. The film department calls someone who works way, way, way down in the bowels there. And they go out and they get a tree. Okay. And they bring it to my house. Oh man. And they also have to bring a b-list actor too, to, to put the Like who? Who have been some in the past.


Well, Chad, Michael Murray. Oh, You had his name I know Teed Up. It wasn't teed up. The guy I come down every year and he's putting the lights on. It's Because you're obsessed with Onery Hill A little bit. I'm always like, good job CMM. And he's always like, no problem. Mr. O'Brien. And. I. Say, Hey, it's Dr. O'Brien. And then I say, Hey, weren't you married to one of the cast members on One Tree Hill for like a brief time? And he goes, who? Sophia Butch And. I Go. Yeah, But. it was brief, right? And he goes, yeah, kind of brief. And then he says, how come you know so much about this when you're kind of an old guy, Conan and And. I say, well, I'm a bit of a perv. And Chad Michael Murray says, yeah, but I mean we even watching One Tree Hill, And I said, yeah, I had a one Tree Hill poster that I had Sona get for me.


It was in my office. I know all about One Tree Hill, Sophia Bush and your marriage to her. Now, Hey, why don't you put a star on top of the tree? Chad Michael Murray. Let's, let's go buddy. Boy, you know, we're losing daylight here. You knew they were married just from having the poster in your office. I drove act Don't act like you didn't Google them all the time. The whole cast Here. I didn't. I never Googled. Why? Why Did? you have their poster up in I just knew stuff. For some reason. We were somewhere on one on the Warner Brothers lot. And I saw a one Tree Hill poster. And I. I remember saying to you, Sona Sona, get me that poster thinking you never would the next day. Oh my God. That poster framed was in my office. And people would always come in and there was like, there's a picture of me with Johnny Carson.


There's a picture of me with David, David Letterman. There's, you know, a picture of me with Adam Sandler that then there would be this, but bigger than any other photo. It was huge. And so Frank, oh actually the biggest photo in the, in the office was one of Lincoln on his deathbed. Don't ask, not a photo obviously, but a drawing, a painting. Oh, I know why I had that being attended by like 30 people. Historically inaccurate. It was a very small room. But. anyway. And then next to that was, what do you mean you don't know why you had that? That sounds very much like you. But then the thing that really always killed me was people would come in and go, what the, and there was a big picture of the cast of One Tree Hill. Where did you get it? Sona. She just went to the Warner. Yeah. 'cause it's a Warner Brothers show. Oh. And if you just say, Hey, Conan wants a poster of One Tree Hill, they're like, okay.


And then they just send it to you. Wow. But he, I also realized, he said that about every poster we walked by And I didn't realize he was joking. So I actually did get him a poster of One Tree Hill. But then he would just do that bit. He'd be like, I want that poster. Gimme that poster. Because He walk around and Warner Brothers choking. There are, and there are posters of shows that you've forgotten about from a long time ago. Like Klepper's Way, you know, you're like Klepper's way. There's a bunch of people looking real and intense standing around and they've got padded shoulders. 'cause it's 1986. And those things always fascinated me. 'cause they would keep them up on the wall. You know? I mean it would make sense to me. Like, okay, yeah, you keep the Fresh Prince of Bel Air up or you keep this up or you keep that up.


But Klepper's Way. Yeah. What are you talking about? Yeah. I know. Anyway, so I got 'em at One Tree Hill poster. Yeah. And. it was in, it was in my office. don don't even, and you know what, but I still have it. 'cause everything goes into storage. Yeah. Somewhere when I go And I Hope it's not for a long time, but judging by the tone of my voice, it'll be sooner rather than later when they go through my storage, it's gonna be nuts. It is crazy because the stuff that's in there, there's a whole remote of me going through my storage unit. Oh, this was funny because we went, I went with my wife to the storage unit one day. And I. Don't remember if you were with us or not Sona, but we went to the storage unit and we were like somewhere in the Valley And.


then we were just looking at the storage unit. And then someone said, see that storage building over there? That's the Kardashian storage building. Yes. And I was like, damn, that's the, I mean, mine is all things like, you know, a a, a statue of Rutherford b Hayes that I purchased that's been put into storage. It's made out of tobacco, you know, and then, but there's, can, can you imagine what's in their storage Facility? There's like basically a closet. Yeah, that's what I heard is that it's like all of their clothes and bags and stuff. Right. It's Just previous husbands are in there. The basketball player. I bet he's in there. He's just, he's just standing in a unit just waiting to be let go.


Oh no, he's just, yeah. What's that? Humphreys, What's his name? Hump Humphrey. Chris. Chris Humphreys. Chris Humphreys. Yeah. Yeah. She was married to a basketball player and then they just put him in storage. They weren't even legally divorced. They just put him into storage. Hey, he's there with this, with their clothes and stuff. Yeah. Imagine having so many clothes. You need a storage facility that's basically just another closet. Our, see our storage facility is not that big and there's no clothes But. it is crazy things fans have sent me over the year. Yeah. Like fans that find out that I like to noodle around on the guitar. One of them took a a, a bathroom scale and used it as the bass and made a guitar. Yeah. And I. Think they're in Switzerland or something.


They made the craziest guitar out of a bathroom scale. Wow. Plays like shit, but accurately measured my weight. Oh. It was then, it was then I knew I had to drop 15 pounds. That's nice. And I. Never did. That's nice. It's nice that you kept that stuff. I keep, I keep everything. I've got it all. I've got it all. Well, hard not to get nostalgic here up in Altadena. It brings back so many memories of when I got here for the first time, about an hour ago. Beautiful. Absolutely beautiful. It is really nice Here. It's Quiet. I should come up here more often. You should. No, You won't. I know. And you know what, your kids were happy to see me. My Kids really love you A lot. They said Uncle Coco, uncle Coco I know they really, they actually really like you. And they were excited that you were coming over today.


Yeah. So Did, You tell 'em I was coming. I did. Yeah. Yeah. They showed me their bedroom. Yeah, they did. They were really excited to show. We, we already talked about it, but They've got, they have a monkey in there, a stuffed monkey. I said, what's its name? And they said, monkey that kind of bum me out a bit. Yeah. They don't have name like Charlie Has. I said, what's the name of the monkey? And they said, monkey Charlie has A And, I Fox got and It's called Fox. He's Fox. Fox. My daughter Does too, but she doubles it. You go like, what's this alligator called Allie Alley or Monkey? Monkey Or something. Yeah. That's just, Well, sometimes my boys will go Armenian. So Charlie, Mikey has bears and he calls 'em Arch. So they're bilingual. It's not a big deal. My kids, they're bilingual. As long as you know, English is sort of stressed.


That's the important thing. Oh, It's important. It's the important thing. Well Just make sure that it's Stressed. Were you recording when he said that's the important thing? Yes. Yes. Okay. No, I'm just saying. Oh, Oh, oh. You're just saying Geography, you know, Listen, What? What, Is. It. The birds really don't like you crows. Yeah. Yeah. Those crows crows. Well, well Did that anger you with the birds? Does that make you upset that they're No, I think they're loud while you're trying to talk. It doesn't anger me. I'm, this is true. And my brother Neil's the same way. When a bird in a distance crows or Cause we think it's really funny. I don't know why. I've always thought that was funny. When a bird goes b, I just, I, I always think they're mocking humans.


I always think birds know more than we do and they think that we're ridiculous. So whenever a bird in a tree goes, wha I just think, you know, they know that our endeavors on this, on this spinning blue globe we call Earth are but foolish, foolish, eal. I Think they're just trying to mate With each other. Oh Well, yeah. Trying to get it done, get it, get it done. Get her done. All. right. Well, I think that's a really good note to go out on. He said untruthfully, the important thing we learned here is that Chad Michael Murray puts up the lights on the Christmas tree that William Morris endeavor places in my home. And that I haven done no Manual labor since probably about 1974. God bless us Everyone.


God bless us. Everyone from Altadena. This is Pasadena saying goodnight. That's Summer S'mores with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sacks, Nick Leal and Jeff Ross at Team Coco and Colin Anderson and Cody Fisher at Earwolf Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer Samples Engineering by Eduardo Perez. Additional production support by Mars Melnick, talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Kahn.


You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan? Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded, this has been a Team Coco production in association with EW Wolf.


I want the same expert advice you get from the pros in the store while shopping online@discounttire.com. Meet Treadwell, your personal online tire guide that matches you with the perfect tire for your vehicle. Get your best match in one minute or less with Treadwell by Discount Tire. Let's get you taken care of.


Pulling Up to Mickey D's. Just, but drinks. Oh yeah, that's me. Nothing extra. Just perfection. And a straw coming in hot for the coldest cups on the block. because there are drinks then there are drinks from McDonald's. Mix things up with any size lemonade or sweet tea for a dollar 49. Perfect with our classic fries. Price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. BA.