
Solo stove and whistle pig whiskey have joined forces to introduce camp Stock, A limited edition wheat whiskey that's aged in barrels toasted by solo stove, the world's favorite fire pit on the rocks. Neat. Or in a s'mores old fashioned camp stock wheat whiskey with its notes of Graham cracker baking spices and vanilla is the perfect fireside drink for summer nights. Cheers to whiskey flavored by the flame and savored by the flame. Please remember to pig out responsibly.


This episode of Con o Brien Needs, A friend is sponsored by LL Bean Summer's, all about getting outside for quality outdoor clothing, gear and accessories turned to LL Bean, the expert for over a century. They got camp chairs, campsite organizers, blankets, coolers. Plus get the stylish yet durable clothes you need for all types of weather, including their famous bean boots. For the best outdoor products, tips and inspiration, visit ll bean.com/ Conan Outside together since 1912,


Summer s'mores with Conan and the Chill Chums. A six part series with Conan O'Brien, Sono Ma Sian and Matt Corley. Let's get started. Episode four, summer s'mores. Altadena. It's hotdog time All, right? And we're gonna roast some weenies. I think they're called. Yeah. These are by the way, handsome roasting tongs. What are they called? Spears Tines. Skewers. Skewers. Skewers. Yeah. Skewer. That's the Word. Here. Take, take this guy. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Roasting some hot dogs here and we're roasting them over. Of course. I've never roasted a hot dog over a fire.


You haven't? No. And you don't get a real Christmas tree. Okay. All, right? She's roasted fake hot dogs. Now, the principle, correct me if I'm wrong, a hot dog is already cooked. Right? Right. So this is all, is it just aesthetic or is it for flavor? That's a Good question. I guess it just for flavor. Why is this fun for people who are listening Sona, you clearly don't understand what podcasts are all about. My life has been podcasting. Okay. And I think people love hearing us have experiences. I think they like having a glimpse at the real life of us getting real. You know? Is This us getting real?


Yeah, we're getting real. What about, what's that? SSR What. Is It. When noises A smr. A Smr. A SMR. I was thinking of a supersonic jet. Yes. People may like hearing us eat a hot dog. I don't Think that might the essential experience. I don't think very many people like hearing others eat stuff. No, not mine. I think they, like, you know, I watched a video today of, of someone with long nails touching like some food Here, like, muck bang. I'm gonna toast my bunny bun a bit. Why are you laughing so hard? Tanisha? What did I say? Because of the, because it was so random. Yeah, because I took a long time to just think of the word food. That's dumb. Okay. Are you guys done Already?


I'm trying to cook my, I I have now put the whole hot dog and bun. It's gonna Catch fire. Will It? I just want it to toast up a bit. Oh, I'm with you. I like a toasty bun. I'm with you. I'm, I'm, I wanna toast my Bun. And I. Think what I'm doing is kind of actually innovative. Let me explain. Wow. At home, I think I've I can, I've taken the two prongs of the skewer And I wedged the hot dog. In bet. Yes. The hot dog fell right? Oh, yes. Hot. Couldn't have hot. Better hot. Please explain What happened, sir. The hot dog slipped right into the flames as I was congratulating myself. Oh my God. That was amazing. And you know, my favorite thing is, my favorite thing is for things to go awry as someone is congratulating themselves.


Yeah. It's the best. Oh. And look, the rest of the bun just fell apart. Oh My God. You want compliments? Oh my God. Yeah. I do. I'm just gonna toast up the last what's left of my bun. Just gonna toast that up. Well, oh God, I love a hot dog. I could try again. Do you guys like Hot dogs? I, you know what? I like those, those street dogs that you can get when you're like coming out of a bar or a club. And they're out there with the Oh, yeah, yeah. Eduardo's nodding. He gets it. What's, What's Street Dog I know what that is. They're They're out there. They have onions. They're out there and they're out there. This is, this is nice. Now I'm gonna get a little sentimental here. Oh. But what year were we in your backyard? Gourley?


Was that last year? Or two years ago? Two Years ago, right. Yep. Yeah. And that was nice. And now we're in Sony's backyard, which makes me think we'll be in my backyard someday. Will You let us go there? Well, I'll have to clear it with security in the area. We're gonna have to zoom in. Whatever. I'll, I'll take care of it. This is So Hard. Yes. Call. I'll have to make calls 'cause I have some, you know, some pretty big deal names live in my neighborhood, and so they can't, you know, if you guys just drove in without clearance Right. That'd be a whole disaster. You know what I mean? Yeah. What did, What it would it, Yeah. I gotta make sure that Joseph Gordon Levitt's cool with you guys being in the neighborhood. You know Chad, Michael Murray, Chad, Michael Murray Solace, pto. I just gotta make sure that everybody knows that you're coming. He's more of a sound technician, but very well.


Do you need these Ketchup in the mustard? Just a little mustard, please. I Think, oh, you want me to put it on there? Ah, fuck Jesus. You guys, it's like you guys have never handled food before. Sona. What's your Point? This is hard to do it this way. You're such a train wreck with everything. My God. No. No. Just in life. I I didn't mean it personally. Hey man, just every time you try to do anything, it's just a big mess. And it's awful. Oh my God. So right there. That's good. Thank you. Thanks Kurtz. You you want some ketchup? No. No. You don't do ketchup on a hot dog. That's for sure. Not on my watch. What? No, no ketchup on a hot dog. What? That's crazy. That goes against the German tradition.


Why Are you guys nodding? That's not right. It is. Right. That's not normal. Hot dogs aren't German. You're thinking like bratwurst. Hotdog are American. You put ketchup on hotdog in America. You call me U Us safe. U are safe. You're Safe. don. Don't think we're in the USA right now. I think we left the American Uni, the borders of the United States about four hours ago. I do love it here. And I'm gonna learn, I'm gonna make it my mission to learn more about this place they call Altadena this magical land. It's lovely out here. What are you Gonna learn about like the history and stuff? Yeah. And just like, when, when are you gonna get a postal service? That kind of stuff. Oh, I'm just curious. At some point it's the government has to provide postal service here. It's what you pay taxes for.


Do you pay taxes? How does it work here? Do I pay ta? Yeah. Okay. All. right? I just didn't know it's so, I mean, we are really out here. But you, you should look into it because you have a right, you have a right as a citizen to have a po like a postal truck. Why are you laugh? Maybe I'm close and you're far, maybe you're far. Oh, for God's sake. No, You're maybe you're far. No, no. I can roll on. I'm, I'm close. No, no, no. I can lean out my window and eat some of the best sushi in town. You just admitted pretty much that the only grocery store in Altadena closed three years ago. And you guys have to get, you have to portage a canoe to go and get basic goods. I did forget, I just told you that. I, I actually, what's the of the tell you that the, the Baja what?


Baja Ranch Market, which was the closest market to us close. Well, really the only market You can drive far and go to another market. Yes. Many people can say that. You can be anywhere on the continent and say you can drive far and there will be a market. So your, your defensive Altadena is crumbling left and right. I'm, what I'm trying to do is, I am your advocate. I am telling you that you have the right to postal service. You should have a working phone. Oh my God. You should have irrigation. Awful. Those are things that you should have. Awful. You're entitled to them. Well, you Don't think we have irrigation up here? Well, I, what's that thing going on down the road? When we were driving up the road to get here, we passed over something that looked like an abandoned gully.


What's that? What's going on there? don? Don't Know. I think that's just a reservoir. No, it's not a reservoir. 'cause reservoirs have water in them. This looks like, does anyone know what I'm talking about on the way up here? Are you talking about the I see a lot of nodding on the way up here. We, David, David, would you get to a microphone please? Do you remember when I commented on it as we passed in that tiny car that you call a car? Yes. That I risked my life in riding with you. Sy. Okay. Okay. David? Yes. What did we see on the way up here just before we got to Sonas house? Yeah, it, what was it? Describe it. don Don't know what it was. It was like, it was like a big, like remember in, if you watch Parks and Rec whenever they like fall down into that thing, it was like that. It looks like you're gonna be walking into that thing and you're just gonna like fall into this.


You're just gonna, you're just gonna go down, down, down. I love your generation. If you need to describe something, you name a random TV show and say, remember that thing in that TV show? It's like that thing. Yeah. This is The guy that was talking about Jack Lord's hair from Hawaii five. Oh, Well, using specifics. I Want it to look like Jack Lord. Specifics. They didn't say, you know, that thing that was in that show with the thing. Why do you act like you had it? I like, like you, you had a choice about what your hair would look like. I Don't like I cooked this hot dog enough. The center, it just doesn't taste right. Are there more hot Dogs? And you know what? It's important. We're not doing ads for the hot dogs, right? No. This is just a great ambiance. I don't like these hot dogs. I know. This One's kinda weak ass.


These are LL bean hotdog. Yeah. Who got the hot dogs? No. No, no. Who got the hot dogs? Ralph Did. you did you get these from the closed Baja Fresh supermarket? Because you know what, when they close the supermarket sometimes They don't throw out all the food. Oh no. And. I have a suspicion that Shami broke into a window and went into the long unrefrigerated refrigerated section and took hot dogs from the Eisenhower administrations. Hmm. That one looks, that one looks less. It's different. Is that what they always look like? No. This looks different. What happened? Did, you change the wieners on us. The first three were microwaves a little bit. Just to get a pre-cook going. Where were they microwaved? I don't have a microwave.


Oh, RA cooked them in the kitchen. He did something. I don't Have a microwave. Well he did, He cooked them in the kitchen. And I love. They said we, we, they said we microwaved them in Sona hiss kitchen. And someone just said, don don't have a microwave. That means that Ra put them in a shoebox, waited 30 seconds and then took them outta the shoe box. But these are not, these are just straight from the package Did. you, I would just cook them more Just on the chills. Another one. No, I can't eat another one. Are these like, I can't really good grade a hot dogs? Or are these just, This is the real deal? This is like a ballpark. I Think you need another wood. These are, these are the real deal. You just want It's real deal. Hot Dogs. You just wanna make sure it's cooked all the way through. Really? Why could I get sick? No, You're fine. I mean, they're cooked. Hot dogs are cooked already.


Yeah, That's what I thought. They're sicker. This doesn't taste right. The inside, But you're still eating 'em. There's a piece of jewelry in this. I love That you're complaining about it, but you're still eating it. Hey, It's the fun of a hot Dog. And. I grew up in the depression, meaning my mom was depressed And Everyone's laughing at that. That's terrible. It was bad at the time. But. It's funny now. Oh. Oh, you need more on that, don't you, don? Don't know. You did it so quickly. I was, I was roasting for a while. I like it the way I like it. You Like a raw Weer. So I think we have to go back to, what did Rao think he was doing when he put the hot dog in a box in your house and waited?


What? How do you reheat things in your house? We Put 'em in the toaster oven. Oh. So that's what he did. But you gotta Put 'em in there for a while. He was in there For a while. It's not like he zap it for like a minute. He was was there For a while. Why don't you guys have a Microwave? But these, but I, the ones I just gave you right here are not reheated. So you wanna we We don't do microwaves. Microwaves are not good. We Don't have them in Als. Wait, no. Do you think microwaves are unhealthy? I think They don't taste good when you reheat stuff with microwaves. They get mushy. How? I mean, what's worse than a mushy pizza from a for that you reheat in a Microwave. You can't put a pizza in the microwave. That's true. But there are many things you can put in a microwave. You could also just reheat it normally And it, it takes like a minute longer. Okay. I guess you win this argument.


I Do. 'cause you had no response. Yeah. I So, so one point persona. I won that one. Yeah. Take that one point and put it in that big empty jar of points. Big empty jar of points. Yeah. So the jar has a lot of points in it. No, because you said it has, there's no points. Jar of points. Yeah. That makes, how is it empty? If it's got a whole jar of points? It's when that one again, put another one in my jar, Clang, echo, echo, echo, echo, echo, echo. I go T thunk. And then it's Like, that's three points you got in there. All the Noise that I'm leaving doesn't, there's no more noise. 'cause it just goes thunk, And. it hits all the other points that I have. 'cause you know, I have all I do is win, win, win, win no matter what. I have aqueducts that I have points that are just in aqueducts and there's runoffs and channels and it's points are just flowing everywhere.


There's so many Points. Your points never count. 'cause you give yourself points. And those aren't real points. But the world gives me points. Society gives me points. No society's Given you, Everybody here gave me those points. They Didn't give you any points. I didn't see any point. Transaction. I have just waterfalls. There's, there's an electric plant that's completely powered. Turbines are turning because my points are shooting through it all the time. All, All alsina is built with my points. This entire city didn't Exist. Talk before I about building a castle upon Sand. I mean, this is biblical. If, if Altina is built on your points. Yeah. Everyone should flee this jurisdiction immediately. No, everyone's living comfort. That's a terrible place to Live. My neighbors are here. They live comfortably. I live comfortably.


You Know, you'll, you won't get home insurance the minute they find out your house is built on your points. I Have so many points. You've Got no points. You're so jealous. You got nothing went. I win all the time. It's like sometimes I'm just like, I'm so tired of winning all the time. You can see my points from space. Why do I lose if you're in, how do I lose? If you're in an orbiter, you can see my points from space. And they're often mistaken for the city of Las Vegas. 'cause they're so bright and so shiny and so mass. I just, you know what? I just talked to an astronaut and they're like, those aren't real points. But sonas points are real points. My points are real points. Your points are fake points you give yourself. It's like when you say something that you think it's a joke and you're like, that was real funny. 'cause no one laugh. And then you're like, that was real funny. Those, when I say something's really funny, I'm a professional. That means that's like 11 points right there.


No, I think you're just sad. 'cause nobody's laughing and you're like, I'm just gonna make Myself feel better. I never said something and not heard. Laughter. And, I. Don't know what that would sound like. I, I, you know what I mean? If I ever say something and there's no laughter, I would probably kill myself immediately. I, that's how used to laughter. I am. I'm so used to laughter that the absence of it would probably cause my heart to ex liquefy and then explode. I have not laughed. I'm not gonna say explode and then liquefy. So many times I laugh. I not laugh when I not laugh. I get more points When I not laugh. Listen, Hulk, it's Hulk. I like you Hulk. You're good. Hulk Good. But Hulk wrong about points. Conan right about points. Hulk wrong. I think that's a nice sweater you're wearing. I'm gonna change the, the, the subject just for a second. Point. Point points.


Did, you have Did You no point. There was so many points, But that's very nice. Goly left a long time ago. Nobody even noticed. Yeah. 'cause we were having this stupid argument. Well, Gourley took a break. Okay. Wait my sweater. You Were complimenting. Yeah, I was saying it looks nice. We're outside. It's getting a little chilly. Yeah, it would be chillier except we're being warmed by this solo stove, which is very nice stove. And also these lights, they have these bank lights here because we're also being filmed. It looks a little like when there's a crime scene and they're investigating it at night. You know, the way they put those big lights up, I know. So that the, the guys can sort of do the forensics during the nighttime. Did. you have a little stroll there. Yeah. I went home and took a nap and dreamt I was happy. Oh. And how'd that go? Well,


this episode of Senator O'Brien Needs a friend is sponsored by LL Bean Summer's all about getting outside for quality outdoor clothing, gear and accessories. Turn to LL Bean, the expert. For over a century. They got camp chairs, campsite organizers, blankets, coolers. Plus get the stylish yet durable clothes you need for all types of weather, including their famous bean boots. For the best outdoor products, tips and inspiration, visit ll bean.com/ Conan Outside together. Since 1912,


solo stove and whistle pig whiskey have joined forces to introduce camp stock. A limited edition wheat whiskey that's aged in barrels toasted by solo stove, the world's favorite fire pit on the rocks. Neat. Or in a s'mores old fashioned camp stock wheat whiskey with its notes of Graham cracker baking spices and vanilla is the perfect fireside drink for summer nights. Cheers to whiskey flavored by the flame and savored by the flame. Please remember to pig out responsibly.


We've brought back solo stove as a sponsor this year. 'cause it still feels incredible sitting around a smokeless fire. I really do love these solo stoves. I really Do too. And they're very pretty. Yeah. Sitting around a solo stove fire pit. Just once you're gonna be hooked for life, I promise you. Ours is the bonfire model. That's the world's favorite fire pit. All solo stove fire pits are so easy to light, portable coming, a variety of sizes, colors, and come with a lifetime warranty. You'll never need another. Start building memories with friends and family around a smokeless fire. Head over to solo stove.com and use promo code Conan 20 to get $20 off your order of $200 or more.


This message is brought to you by BetterHelp. Okay, Sona, what are your self-care? Non-negotiables. I mean, obviously washing my face every morning and night and then, you know, taking some time to myself. Relaxing A little, right? 'cause you've got, you've got a stressful life. You've got twins. Yes. And you know, when your schedule's packed with kids' activities, big work projects more. It's easy to let your priorities slip. You forget you're taking care of other people. You're not taking care of yourself. And even when we know what makes us happy, sometimes it's hard to make time for it. We don't prioritize ourselves in general. But when you feel like you have no time for yourself, non-negotiables like therapy are more important than ever. That's actually when you need it the most. So if you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. Okay? It's entirely online. It's designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. My advice to you, never skip therapy day with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Conan today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ Conan.


As a B2B marketer, you know how noisy ad space can be. It's noisy out there. Yeah. If your message isn't targeted, the right audience, it just disappears on the noise. Like a little crouton in a giant storm. With LinkedIn ads, you can precisely reach the professionals who are more likely to find your ad relevant. With LinkedIn's targeting capabilities, you can reach them by job title, industry company, and more you'll have direct access to and build relationships with decision makers. A billion members, 180 million senior level executives, 10 million C level executives. I Wish. I was a C level executive. Start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. That means business to business. Hmm. They'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco to claim your credit. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions apply LinkedIn to place to be, to be.


This is an exciting evening. We're here in Altadena. Sonas. Neighbors from down the street. Yeah. They're not your next door neighbors. No. They're two houses down. And they came by these, the ones that you told me heard you talking. Yes. They've, they've, they've, they've heard us before. Especially when the boys are crying and stuff they can hear. 'cause we're, we're allowed, we're allowed people and sometimes our neighbors can hear us. And sometimes when I'm outside I hear my family members. Like when I'm down the street talking normal. Who's the the loudest person in your family? I, I would say my mom. Between me and my mom. My mom. Do you, if you two, let's say it. I'm sure it doesn't happen often, but let's say you two were to have an argument. It happens All The time. I know I was being funny. Yeah.


When you two argue, how loud does it get? It gets loud. I mean, imagine how I normally talk and imagine it. Like amplified and having, I can't imagine it getting louder than what I've heard. but I And it probably does. I'm just Saying. Oh yeah, it does. Okay. I can amplify. Yeah. So it gets loud. you get, you can get loud probably. Nah, not really. Kind of a quiet mouse. Why it mouth? Oh my God. Everyone's laughing. You're not a quiet person. Just a guy that keeps to himself. Neighbors. Were always gonna say he never, he kept to himself. He was a good neighbor. We never knew he was gonna snap when you kept his, he kept his yard real neat.


You know, didn't come to any of the social things in the neighborhood. But, you know, he's a fine neighbor. So that's me. That's, that's the kinda guy I had be when you first Moved into your place, how Did, you wanna make sure everybody knew they were living next door to you? Yeah. First of all, I complained because I was not on the map of the stars homes. I'm the only celebrity to ever do that. You called them and you were like, guy, I went there. Oh No. Because I have a stand on Sunset Boulevard. And I said, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, I think there's a mistake here. And I showed them where I lived. You Have a huge Conan sign outside your house like a car dealership. And one of those Salu Men. I said And I told them. I said, you have the other celebrities that live in my neighborhood, but I'm not represented.


And I told them exactly where I lived. And then I expected to see the bus at least five times a day. Yeah. Did, you wait outside. Well, they first of all kept saying him, What Is It you do and stuff like that. And they said, are you still on tv? And I said, that's not the point. I said, that is the only relevant point young man. You're not to speak back to me. And they were wondering why I was wearing a tuxedo. And, but yeah, I was upset. I thought I should be part of the tour. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry too. Yeah. You know, other stars were on the tour. What? What's That sound? That sounds like a Horse. That's a horse. That's a horse. Yeah. A horse. Just, We have horses that just, but Wait, who's riding a horse? The horse people.


Okay. God, I don't thank God. You're good. Does That you get, does that mean a person on a horse or people that are horse people? Like there's like a mini or A Ur Ur centar. Centar. The, Yeah. Wait, you have Centar? No, no. Do people regularly ride horses up and down the street regularly? They ride, there's an equestrian center, like not that far. Okay, that makes sense. And they ride horses just chill. Just down, up and down the street. That makes sense. A couple times there was horse poop in front of my house. Well, if you get horses, you're gonna occasionally get horse poop. Yeah. they go hand in Hand. But why isn't it like dogs? Why do we have to clean up dog poop? You don't have to clean up horse poop. It's A funny kind of thing. For some reason horse manure is less offensive. I don't know why that's true, but people just feel like, yep, that's just some horse manure or whatever.


Big deal. It's Poop. It's on the street. Pick it up, shovel it. No, you, you can't put it In a bag. You, I mean, have you seen them? They're huge. You'd have to have a have a truck driving behind you. No, it's just not, it's not feasible. All. right. Look, work on getting a male system first. Oh, okay. And then we'll get the poop off the streets. Okay. Fair. Good deal. No, I'm not gonna agree with you. You high five. Thank you for the high five. No, high five. I did not high five you. Yes you did. That was for the record. There was no high five. Don't do that. And High five. That's not How, thank you Sona. That's not how my hand would sound if I high fived. Anyway. I sound different. Sona. Looks like we had a pretty good time. Ha back. I'm leaving again. No, no. Stay are girl Please. Are we filming this just so we can put out a clip of Conan High fiving himself? Oh, can we do something I don Dunno how much it's gonna cost, but I'll pay for it.


And what I mean I'll pay for it. I'll get it outta the company somehow. But it's not gonna touch my part. Some my part do some sort of cheap animation where it looks like Sona And I high fived over this And don. Don't care how cheap it is. Just make it look in a very crude way. Like Sona high-fived me. Can I ask for another Thing? Oh. And use that her hand in the air right now. Oh, no, No, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah. Use that. I would like, I would like a case. Oh, use that. And even if my arm bends over to weird angle, fiving himself and doesn't match, I wanna gif of this Conan high fiving himself. Like a dork. Nope. Like an absolute dork. No, just high fiving yourself. No, I run this show. No. Look, my phone no one. Like, No one likes you. Everyone loves me. Loved everywhere. Everyone wants To make you look foolish.


Don't be foolish. You remember that from the seventies? You weren't alive yet. Not at all. Not at all. During the energy crisis. Stop bringing me into this. Leave me, me Alone. Don't be foolish. You don. Remember. Don't be foolish. Leave me alone. Both of you. What does that even Mean? During the energy crisis, they didn't want people to waste gasoline. So I remembered there was a thing that said don't be fuel F it spelled out fuel. F-U-E-L-F-U-E-L ish. And they said don't be fuel ish. And for some reason that just popped outta my head too. I don't know why I thinking I'm having a major occlusion in the mind. It's The altitude. It is the altitude. We're up here. Do you notice That our breath, you can see our breath. Yeah. But why? I thought that was the fire. No, it's the temperature. No, it's not that cold.


You know what I can see my breath. I think it may be the vapor in the air. Oh, the Vapor. Or also Sona had garlic. You know it was really funny when I was in your kitchen. Oh man, this killed me. And you heard my voice and you said, do you want garlic, And, I said, do you have any like you wouldn't have garlic. Yeah. That was really funny. Oh, we had a good laugh. Let's high five. Nobody had A good Thanks Sona. Hey, take it and do that too. No, no, No. Yep. Clip it out. Clip it out. Three the three times we got it. You've done it. And do it again. Nope. Nope. Okay. Loop it. Well with cool terminology like that, there's no way they won't listen to you. Oh Man. I am, I have seriously been questioning how my life has brought me to this point. I know. I'm so sorry girls.


I think it's 'cause he's in my space and it's making me Very, it's there's a different energy here. Yeah. Yeah. You're feeling invaded. Yeah. You're shitting on Alad, Dina. Hey. No, I'm not at all. I'm just mocking it, you know, in a shitty way. It's a very different thing. Hey, I have a question. How weird would it be if, let's say we weren't doing this tonight. Okay. This was not never happening and you were getting ready for bed and kids are asleep. Tax turned in. Okay. And you look out the window and you see something and you look closer. And I'm in your yard right where I am sitting in this chair. Oh no. In the dark for no reason. Wait, no. How freaked out would you be? Why is that? Why do you think it's like slender?


Right? Why do you Think about those thing? It's like Michael Meyer. Mike Meyer. Yeah. Yeah. And. I'm just sitting here like this. That's harrowing. But Why And I have a Little sitting there. I don't, that's the weird thing is don don't know. I'm just sitting here and you're like, God, what the, and so you freak out. You wake up tack, he's like, oh my God. No, no English, English tech. And he's like, you know, oh what, what, what? And he rushes through the window and I'm, there's no chair and I'm not here. You're Gone. Yeah. Or he goes back to sleep. You check one more time. No, that's Really creepy. And. I. They're smiling just like this. That's so scary. Isn't that scary? That's really scary. Scary. What if we thought you, we didn't know it was you. And then he took his sword and he stabbed you with it.


What sword? Tak has a sword. You know who else brought a sword today? Blade brought a gigantic sword that he got from the Renaissance Fair. Can we please talk about that for a second? He went to the Renaissance Fair. Okay. And he bought a sword. Yeah. He was afraid. He one day may have sex. A teaser. So he quickly went to the re A Renaissance Fair. What? To make sure that his celibacy would be insured for all time. Why? Did? you bring a sword Tack is the only other person I know who loves swords as much as I do. And so I bought this cool sword. So I wanted to show tack my cool sword. No one else likes Swords. No, wait. It's not that we don't, first of all, it's just not much use for them in the modern world. That's all. I think once you have a sword, you, you find a lot of uses for it.


Yeah. You know? Okay. It's kinda like when you have a tool, you're like, oh yeah, I can tighten this up. I can tighten this up. You know? Right. Slice things. Yeah. Instead of using the normal knife, you could Use a sword. So what, so what kind of sword does tak have? Tak has like a, it's a more Japanese style sword. Katana don don't know if it's a Katana. I. don s, dunno what they're called. don don't know what it's called. He's inside And. I. I could ask him. But a Katana. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know guys. don don't know what kind of sword. It's, It's okay. Let it go But. It's not like blaze sword. Blaze sword is like, that's right here. Do you want Me to get ta? Oh, here's no. So that's, yours is a medieval. That's a King Arthur sword. Jesus Christ. And it's sharp. It's really sharp. And you brought that, you brought that just to show. No, it's okay. I can see it.


It's good. It's a sword. Why didn't we roast a weenie with that? That's, you know what I mean? That how do You mind me asking how much you paid For that? How much Did you pay for it. I How much Did you pay for it. It was a deal. How much Did you pay for it. I Paid $380 for It. You are fired because you waste your money on shit. Good Luck at the pawn Shop. It's sword. Sorry. I'm sorry bla. I just need to deflect. He didn't mean to And you were there with a sword. He didn't mean to shame you. but I would What if? What if we stabbed you? 'cause we thought you were an intruder. That's what I'm talking about Now. This is just one of those things where I sometimes wonder, just picture you looking out the window.


No one's here. There's no reason for me to be here. And I'm just sitting in this chair. And. I have just a slight enigmatic smile. Ew, I don't like that. Are you lit up like this? Well, I have my natural pale skin that shines like a moon. I don't even know why you think of these things. I think of these things all the time. Wouldn't that be weird? Things like that are much scarer of me than someone jumping out, hacking at you. Just a con in, in your backyard. Sitting in a chair, smiling in the night when you don't think you're gonna see 'em. What's more terrifying than than that? It's really Terrifying. There honestly is not anything I can think of that is more terrifying than you just sitting in my yard. I really do think that is really terrifying.


Yeah, but I get what you mean when you, you think about weird things. Yeah. Like there was the, the solo stove lighter fluid And. it said, do not drink highly fat flammable And. I was like, what if I just drank it? Well, that's Saying it out loud. I'm, That's a death wish. I know. I hear it. I hear it. No, it's not the same as what you were thinking At all. It's not at all what I was saying. It's terrible. Don't do that. Don't drink that. You're the mother of two beautiful boys. Yeah. Got all your whole life ahead of you. Don't do that. But What if it's also like, you know when you're on a rooftop bar or something and you're like, I'm just gonna jump off. No, she's So not. No, no. Holy Am I the only one? Shit?


Am I the only one who Thinks these, the worst I ever do is if I'm watching a play, I go, there's nothing stopping me from walking up on that stage and giving them all wedgies right now. You know what I mean? Well, I think your physical strength would stop you. What do you mean? I think they would, I don't care who was in that play. This was children's theater. If it was a play of old women, they would beat the shit out of you. You know, when we do life shows, sometimes I'm like, I'm gonna say something really bad. My life Is, you usually do, when people laugh, you mean Like mistakenly or you're, you kind Want to do it. No, seriously bad. Where it's like purposefully like don don't know something, I don't know, racist or something. What I know. I think about this all the Time. But you're not a racist person. I'm not. But I'm just saying like, there's so much at stake. What if I say something that's so bad my life is over?


All the takes you seriously? No one. No one what? No, no. but I mean people just think like, oh, that goofy Sona. You know what I mean? You think They won't take me seriously? Yeah. I don't, I think you're safe. Fine. Try some right now. I'm a serious person. No, I don't want to. That's the point. I'm like, You have a good heart. No one thinks it comes. I'm just saying Things that I shouldn't be thinking about. I think about a lot sometimes. And it's, I'm I really, I thought everybody would be like, oh yeah, I think about jumping off a roof sometimes when I'm at a restaurant. But the fact that no one else thinks that really makes me uncomfortable right now. And I'm feeling a little awkward and vulnerable. I'm feeling very vulnerable. Child services is on the way. Yeah. It makes, I just admitted.


Just admitted a balcony. Your children are sleeping upstairs and you admitted you want to drink lighter fluid and then you want to jump off a roof. Oh my God. I think you're gonna spend a couple days. They're just gonna be away from your kids. That's All. I really thought you guys would help me out with That. No, I don't know what to say. I'm sitting with a guy who wants to sit in a backyard all night to scare someone. It like that's a woman who wants to jump off a building and a guy who spent $380 on a sword. And I don't feel like a normal person. But you guys make me feel so sane. You're very sane. You're Not Sane. Yeah, he is. No, he's not. You're not a sane person. He's a little eccentric. But he's He's sane. But Compared to you people. Yes. I'm just John Guy next door. So you people, Soda, Who's racist?


Now What? Listen, That's it. That's it. Oh my God. So what are, what are they killing? Who knows. It could be anything. Are those coyote, what are those co coyotes? It's coyotes. That's a Pack of COEs. That's coyotes attacking an old game show host. They're, they're tearing apart Wink Martindale right now. What do you think they're getting A Cat? It could be a cat. Could be. They should be a possum. It could be a Raccoon. Don't list all animals in the world. Jesus. You're like the, you're like the coat check at Noah's ark. A horse. A horse. No, it wouldn't be a horse. Whoa. Oh my God. That is So chilling. Did. you hear that ladies and gentlemen?


That was crazy. I hope our mics picked that up. That was fantastic. don don't know. Do we have ambient mics that would pick that up? Yeah. We have ambient mics. It probably picked it up. I would Imagine that was pretty loud. What? It was pretty loud. That was pretty, that's crazy. And you hear that all the time. Huh? All The time. Where's tak? Is he around when this is happening? What if, if You find out that Tak was doing it. That's what I mean. Tack the guy. Hey, you. What? What's tacks a werewolf? What if when he says he's a WM Pierre? Oh, what if he said, when he says he is going to karate, he's really just going to kill creatures. Right. I think that's an exotic excuse for I'm gonna go out. You just say like, I gotta go to work and check on a few things. No one says I'm going to karate and then does something weird. 'cause karate in and of itself is kind of out there.


Well, I'm gonna go chop at the air while wearing pajamas. Really? I'm up to something kind of kooky. Do you know what I mean? It makes no sense. Okay. That martial art is hundreds of years old and you just tore it down to chopping the air while wearing pajamas. Well, anyway, I'm sorry. I hope, I hope My apologies to an entire way of life. Yes. Listen, I think it's time. What better way to, my God, you can't hear this at home. 'cause these are very, these are directional mics. These mics have been set up by Eduardo. He had no idea that something that dramatic was gonna happen, but the sound was absolutely thrilling. It's like a, this is like a real nature special. We are. It's nighttime. We're here in Altadena and what sounded like maybe 15 or 20 coyotes just surrounded some animal started shrieking and tore it under incredible and Then it just gets quiet.


And it. How quiet it gets. Little moment of silence for that Gone animal. Now they're fighting over the carcass. No. Also like the bill, Like I only had one paw. Why do I have to pay as much? He had two, he had two paws in the tail. I'll get, I'll get the tail. He had two paws in the tail. And. I had one paw. I didn't drink any of the blood. He drank all the blood. Now they're fighting about that. Just going at it, man. Incredible riffs. Oh, They're, that might be a new one. No, this is a new one.


No, now they're fighting about the tax. I can't believe there's a food tax. We're an Altadena. You know, we don't even have mail service. Well, anyway, let's wrap it up. Oh, it's been another good episode of Goo goo golly in the gum, gum tree. I think it's called Chill Chums for reasons I don't even remember anymore. It's called fan service. That's what Adam tells me. Adam Sacks says, this is fan service. This is an all timer episode. Is this the same episode where you guys argued about points? That was four hours ago. And that was this episode, right? Was this? This episode? Holy Christ. It's amazing. You left and you built a house from scratch. I did. I went out and trained 15 wild coyotes.


All. right. Well, thanks for listening to this episode of Shamaro Chilled Charu. I'm a guy that, well this is, this is where my career has brought me. We can, we Can end it. We can actually end this episode. I keep trying to, but you don't. No one helps me. You, It's you. That you, you do the end. You do the ending. Okay. You end, end it. Take it easy. Finish it. The more you try to talk, the less you can talk. It's hilarious. You do the end. Andy do. Andy, do, do. No, no do no Do, no do, no do. Oh God. The more you try to end it, the less you end it. Ladies and gentlemen, from Altadena, this is Con O'Brien saying it's been nice.


Oh my God. Vodka with ice. I'm so close to my house. And. I. Feel so far away. You did this for 30 years. Just ended. Okay, well that was easy. I go like, well, that's our time. Goodnight everybody. You can do that. That's stay tuned for last call with Carson Daily. I'm gonna go take, spend 40 minutes wiping the makeup off my face in my tiny dressing room. Get out everybody But I. But it. So hums. My God. They're Back. It's another one. I gotta make sure in The house.


God, this Is you. You live in a, you live in a horror show. My God. God is intense. It's intense. Summer S'mores with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sacks, Nick Leal and Jeff Ross at Team Coco and Colin Anderson and Cody Fisher at Earwolf Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer Samples Engineering by Eduardo Perez. Additional production support by Mars Melnick, talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Kahn.


You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan? Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded, This has been a Team Coco production in association with EW Wolf.


Want the same expert advice you get from the pros in the store while shopping online@discounttire.com? Meet Treadwell, your personal online tire guide that matches you with the perfect tire for your vehicle. Get your best match in one minute or less. With Treadwell by Discount Tire. Let's get you taken care of.


Every sandwich has bread, every burger has a bun, but these warm, golden, smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best. The filet fish and you, you can have them too For a limited time. The classic filet of fish you love is joining your McDonald's favorites on the two for 3 99. Menu limited time only. Price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.