
Solo stove and whistle pig whiskey have joined forces to introduce camp Stock, A limited edition wheat whiskey that's aged in barrels toasted by solo stove, the world's favorite fire pit on the rocks neat. Or in a s'mores old fashioned camp stock wheat whiskey with its notes of Graham cracker baking spices and vanilla is the perfect fireside drink for summer nights. Cheers to whiskey flavored by the flame and savored by the flame. Please remember to pig out responsibly.


This episode of Con o Brien Needs, a friend is sponsored by LL Bean Summer's, all about getting outside for quality outdoor clothing, gear and accessories turned to LL Bean, the expert for over a century. They got camp chairs, campsite organizers, blankets, coolers, plus get the stylish yet durable clothes you need for all types of weather, including their famous bean boots. For the best outdoor products, tips and inspiration, visit ll bean.com/ Conan Outside together since 1912,


Summer s'mores with Conan and The Chill Chums, a six part series with Conan O'Brien, Sonos and Matt Corley. Let's get started. Well, we're out of the studio and into the night. What Sure. I I want to paint a picture 'cause I think that's what one must do. Okay. In this medium, I wanna let our fans know that this is a very special summer, s'mores, chill, chums, whatever you wanna call it. Because not only we are we outta the studio, we were at Sonas house. Yeah. And Sonas House is in Altadena, California. This is not a long jaunt for you.


Is it Goly? 'cause you live in Pasadena, right? It Was 15 minutes door to door. Okay, let me, it Was so nice. Do you mind I know You were gonna talk about how far it is to come here. Is it okay if I explain my journey? My journey began six days ago. A series of buses, three horses died underneath me. There was a period on foot. I took a ship. It's absolutely incredible. I went, first of all to our, from my house to our studio. Now you guys know that I live on a, an abandoned oil rig that's off the shore of Santa Monica. And I live there because of my great wealth and my eccentricities. And most of the time you just wear a hard hat and cut off jean shorts and that's it Out there.


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I. Actually, I've, you know, for a while I lived there just to be eccentric. And then I realized I might as well get some oil out of this. So I often just work there getting the oil out of the seabed. Okay. And, I. Make a good money that way. Anyway, I go from western part of Los Angeles. Yes. And then I go to Larchmont. And that only got me a, like a quarter of the way to here. Did. you try driving in a car. I did. Okay. I, Because you were talking about a bus and a, a horse. Yeah. And. I'm just curious. I guess I was doing, Getting into an automobile. I guess I was allowing my comedic flights of fancy to get the better of me. Oh, That was, that was supposed to be funny. He was very funny. Hence all the laughter. We Speak a different language of comedy up here in the mountains.


Yeah. So. anyway, I'm sorry. I didn't know that's what you were going for. I, that was really funny. It Took a long time to get here. It took a long time to get here. But You know, there's two of us that live here. You're the one that lives far, not Sona. Yeah. We, you live far. And you know what? I commute to Larchmont all the time for work. And it's not that bad. I think it's this time of day. There was a lot of traffic. Then also, you're sick. And I. I'm fine actually. You know. No, you sound very sick. Yeah. And I. Think when you're sick. You're not bad. Show business guys. You're not. Well, Well, when you get sick, you get very, Like you Bad show Business complaining about things. You're Not. Well, it's Bad show business. Like You're looking. You never tell people that you're not. Well, I got a little bit of a chest cold about a week ago.


Normally I wouldn't say anything about it. People could hear Your voice. What's that? People could hear your voice. Well, you don't sound normal. I don't sound normal. I actually sound better. Probably. You do sound a little sexy. You know what? Whenever I get a cold, I sound the way I should sound as a man. Really? Yeah. I have kind of a rasp to my voice. It is pretty cool. Yeah. I. Wish. I smoked But anyway. I I'm feeling much better now. I just still got a little bit of the rasp. Make my day. Yeah. Remember that one? Yeah. Dirty heard. 19. Why'd you ask him? Everybody remembers that one. It's famous. You were too young. Famous line. You remember that? Yeah. But I, I think you don't have to be older to know that.


That's a famous line. Make my day. Remember when Reagan used that? Remember when he, he tried to use it in one of his speeches. And. it was a big hit. Yeah. That I don don't Remember. He said, if you think Congress is gonna try not to pass that bill, make my day so sexy. Do you remember that, Matt? I kind of Remember that. Okay. So sexy. Well, I took us on a bad road. You're You're losing even me now. Okay, wait. So now that you're here though, you made it. What do you think? It's nice to be up in the mountains here, isn't it? Sure. Yeah. Right. Come on. I'm gonna be honest with you. I drove, I was driven here. Oh. In a very tiny car. Wait, You're complaining. And you were driven Here. Well, when you hear which car I was in, okay. I was in David's car.


Now Dr. David drives a car. I looked up his car. His car is technically a sunk on on wheels. It's a tiny little machine. What is the Make and model? It's A BMW. But they don't even put the B it's just the MW It's a Mini Cooper. It's Just murder works. He drives a mini Cooper. No, I know But it. Oh, he does. He got a mini Cooper that's cut in half. It's a Roller skate. The Half model. I, you know, several times his car has been mistaken for a breath mint on the highway. And so David was driving me and so I am crammed next to him. He's driving. And then David proceeds to tell me some very upsetting news.


Now you'd think his job would be to calm me on the ride over I'm talent. Yeah. First of all, he should have rented like a limo or something. But no, we're in his head. And was David to drive that Lima? Would he be in a little chauffeur's Cat wear? Yes. I, I would, I would make him wear wear hat and G gloves. I would make him wear a very tiny chauffeur's hat. But David went on, David told me that he, he said O con. And you know this, this site. DUIs? Yeah. Where they have celebrity sightings, he said on DUIs. David, do you wanna step over here for a second? It's fine. It's really, it's, there's a microphone right there. David's here. He just unfolded himself from the car. David, is your car okay? Or did a bird eat it?


Everything's fine. Okay. Alright. Okay. You told me first of all that DUIs listed a couple of celebrity asks when they travel. Hotel request. Yeah. they go to a hotel room. Oh. And you listed two. And then you had what is supposedly mine. Yeah. So can you do the other two first? And then mine. So it's like J-Lo requested a bathtub full of Evian water. Oh, where's the other one? I've heard that About Nicole Kidman. Things are turned into urban legends. Keep going. Let's see, But. anyway, There was another One request of VCR and blackout curtains. Who? And then you go to Conan. And. it says, Conan requests a basket of muffins. Basket of muffins. Now, first of all, Sona And, it's, you've worked with me many years.


I've never requested a basket of muffins. don, don't mind that. They make stuff up. That's part of the game. I know it. But can't they make up something that's kind of cool? I Know, I know that seems pretty on point for you. A basket Of muffin. A basket of muffins That Is the, with This photo of you holding your vinyl. Oh my God. Conan requests a basket of muffins. You're the least threaten picture. Me Threatening person in show Business. Picture me, you know, crammed into this tiny clown car. Not apologies to bmw. Not that with David. And David says, oh, And, I've got some news for you. And he tells me that the world, 'cause all the world knows about DUIs true.


Thinks that I'm some muffin addict holed up in a hotel room, just gorging my fat Irish face with muffins. And then I'm, and we're driving and driving and driving and I'm watching these hawks circle, circle our little chiclet of a car. 'cause they think it's a breadcrumb rolling down the highway. There's a lot of Hawks here, You know? And then, so I was in a bad mood when I got here. What if it said like, oh, you request like, you know, the bag of dildos. You know, They don't come. Listen, Sona, this could be so much worse. Sona, they don't come in bags. They come in packages of Four. They come and steal suitcases.


Well, I'm just saying, like, I wouldn't wanna be the Avon person. 'cause that just makes you sound like a dick. But like a basket of muffins. Hey, you're a nice guy. No, But I'd it To be like, you're the muffin man. You're a muffin Guy. You're the muffin. No, I would want it to be Conan. Now I know the muffin man. The muffin man. Conan wants the muffin. Man, Stop it. It Stop it. He wants the autobiography of General Ulysses s Grant a copy of it in his room. And like a, a shot of tequila. Like, that's what I want people to think about me. But you want that every time you travel. How many biographies of us grant are you gonna read? You can read that thing again and again and again. Realize that's such A good story. But now you realize you're gonna start getting baskets of muffin in you dressing rooms wherever you I know.


That's pretty cool though. That is cool. I think that There's, I don't want a basket of muffins. Muffins, Doest, egg McMuffin. Count as a muffin. No, I don't think so. It's a McMuffin. Oh, once you put a Mick in front of something, it's not that thing anymore. You know, a corn Mick cob is no, is not a corn on the cob at all. It's just a rule. Okay. Mick takes away all the properties of the noun that follows it. Yep. We're here in Altadena. That was And. It really. So stupid. So we are here. Oh, you know what's really cute? How do you get to that point? You know what's really cute? And I like to look around me and observe things.


'cause that's what's made me a good broadcaster. Broadcaster is that right now I just looked and the curtains parted and two angelic faces looked out right After you just yelled out. Bag of dildos. But Twins Can never listen to this Podcast. Sonas twins, Mikey and Charlie are peering out the window and I'm waving at them and they're wondering why is Jane Lynch waving back at them from the yard? Yeah. Hi guys. They're they're, they're there. They're staring at us. They're probably very excited. They were very proud to show me their room. Yes. Yeah. They showed me their room. Every time They get something new like a pillow. They need to show everybody. Yeah. They're so boring right now. Kidding. It's a terrible thing to say.


You see your children I know who wants to see a pillow. Do you know how many people they showed their blankets to? Like who? Okay. It's a blanket. Okay. I think it's 'cause it's them. And they're, they've never like had new things, like new blankets before. So it's exciting. You're also Estimating him though, because all he wants to do Is look muffins. They have so few things just, that's probably why they treasure them. Mean That's not true. They have very little, my kids are very well taken care of. They're in good, they're in a good place. Well, you know, reach allowed one toy and a cookie at Christmas and that's about it. You run a strict household. It's beautiful here though. It's very nice. There's a nice marine layer. Would you call that a marine layer? I can don Don't know. don don't, can you? Okay. You're a fun group.


I'm So, oh, I'm sorry. We're not talking about the marine layer. You, sorry. There's not a bag of muffins here for You. You're really starting the party here with the marine layer. Let's talk more about the weather. You came in so cranky and you're getting on us I know you're 'cause you're sick. And that's what I'm saying. you get cranky when You're sick. You not, you do not harp on people being sick. A distant You Don't do that in show business. No. Oh, you don't. We're in show business. And that's, that's where we're different. I grew up in show business, show businesses in my blood. You Did you hijacked show Business. If your dad's a doctor, your mom's a Lawyer. My dad's not a real doctor. Has to see his certificate. you get a lot of mumbling and jumbling. No, but you know, uhoh. What?


What? You got something? No, I was gonna say again how you're sick. 'cause you sound sick and then you get grumpy when you're sick sometimes. And so now you're already Not at all. I'm gonna Good mood. Not Only Did, you have to drive far to get here. I think you started in a, in a, in an angry spot. I don't think I started in an angry spot. I think my staff, they've been squeezing me a little bit lately. Whoa. You're blaming your staff. Yes. All great leaders blame their staff. Stalin shot every staff he ever had. Listen, I did. I fly to New York to do the upfront. Sure. Did I fly back and do a podcast the next day? Yes, I did. Am I constantly shoved around and told, go here, go there. Yes I am. I give And I. Give And, I give. And what do I get out of it?


Say no. What do I get out of it? Besides great wealth and a series of properties that are just stunning? I think that everyone heroes me an apology. Nobody Owes you an apology. No. Okay. But I'm glad you came here. Yes. Yes. What? That was all a prelude to me saying thanks for having me over. Oh, that's Where we, that's where we ended up. Yeah. I'm sorry I don't have muffins for you, but I'm really glad you're here. Well, I got here as soon as I could. It takes a while longer when you're in a car as small as David's. Oh, okay. The wheel has to turn 15 times every time that a normal wheel would turn. Once LL


ll Beans, clothing accessories are staples all year round. Like the classic lll bean boat and tote bag. You can monogram that by the way. But this summer there's so much use that can come out of their outdoor gear. Like LL Beans Campsite organizer. You ever use one of those? It's great. You're sitting next To one. You're, yeah. You're using one right now. That's the organizer. That's amazing. I know I'm pointing to it. This portable organizer features three shelves for storing, camping or picnic gear. Camp utensils, grilling tools and more. It's perfect. Anywhere you want to keep gear in order. 'cause I, I need my gear in order. And goly. I'm guessing you do too. I like a good gear order. I need gear. No. Okay. Take it easy. Yeah. Okay. It comes with a carry bag so you can just throw it into the car with all the rest of your campsite. A Coutre mall. Just don't forget the LL Bean Insulated Camp Tumblr. It's a great choice for hot or cold drinks. I got a cold one in here right now. When you're sitting around the campsite, you wanna keep the hot, hot and the cold. Cold. I like it 'cause it's, it's a nice size. Yeah, it's a nice size. Perfect. The double wall vacuum insulation. Keeps beverages hot or cold for hours. You know when I'm out in the woods. Uhoh or Altadena? Uhoh. No, I like to have Uhoh. First of all, LL Bean clothing is great. I like the clothes they have. I do too, but I like all their stuff. And. I. As you know, I'm a New Englander, so I grew up with LL Bean. You know, it's just part. Hear that bird in the background. Yeah, the bird's going. LL bean. LL bean. LL bean. LL bean. Even the birds are into it here. For the best outdoor products, tips and inspiration, visit ll bean.com/ Conan outside together. Since 1912,


Solo Stove is back as a sponsor for their third year in a row. And yes, there's still no smoke with a solo stove. Fire pit. People don't think a smokeless fire was possible. But solo stove did think it was possible. That's why it's the world's favorite fire pit. All solo stove fire pits are so easy to light, portable come in, variety of sizes and colors to fit any and all fire pit situations and tastes and come with a lifetime warranty at Solo Stove. The future of fire is smokeless. Head to solo stove.com and use promo code Conan 20 to get $20 off your order of $200 or more.


Big pig news, we've got Whistle Pig whiskey as a sponsor. Whistle Pig transformed an off the grid Vermont Dairy farm into one of the world's leading whiskey distilleries. Whistle Pig is famous for their award-winning whiskeys that are aged longer than any other American whiskey. Some waiting in the barrel for decades. They're also known for pushing the boundaries of bold flavor with wildly experimental whiskey making like their new whistle Pig camp stock wheat whiskey aged in barrels toasted by solo stoves. Good Lord. Product integration. There's nothing better than a bottle of great whiskey around the campfire in the summer. We'll be sipping it with s'mores in hand. Here's a toast to Whistle Pig the whiskey of the summer. Find whistle pig whiskey at shop out whistle pig whiskey.com or at your local bar or liquor store. Please remember to always pig out responsibly.


Supercut knows what you think. It's a quick, cheap haircut you can get almost anywhere. Well, you're right about quick. Okay. I'll give you that. Yes, I'm gonna give you that one. You're right about quick. But Super Cuts is not that cheap. It's not a bargain basement chop shop. Like some discount options out there. You got the wrong idea about Super Cuts, if that's what you're thinking. Yeah. Super Cuts just happens to have 2000 reputable salons full of trained proficient stylists who give great haircuts at reasonable prices. Right. Not some cheap chop shop. In fact, if you were to imagine a brand that was visited by nearly 25 million people last year with a satisfaction rating of 96%. Man wow. I Wish. This podcast had that 96% satisfaction. That's a lot. That's almost everybody. That's almost everybody. Yeah. What, what brand would come to mind if you were thinking about that would Super Cuts. Probably not But. it should. That's the point. Supercuts is super convenient. Their salons let you check in at a time that works for you. That's what I like too. Sometimes I try to make a, an appointment at a salon. Yeah. And. I say, you know what time works for me. And the person on the phone says, I don't care. You gotta come in. When we time me tell you to come in, that's when you gotta come in. Okay. Yeah. And. I'm like, whoa, this isn't sound like a salon for me. Do you happen to know where Supercuts is? Oh, good. Then they go, Supercuts wins again. Supercut. Super convenient. The salons let you check in at a time that works for you@supercuts.com or just walk right in. It's your hair, it's your goal.


College students get 50% off Walmart plus memberships so you can get things like Taki lab notebooks and socks delivered straight to your dorm deal. Ends September 13th to join. Now Walmart plus free delivery on college Essentials 35 minimum for free delivery for eligible college and grad students. Ends 9 13 24 C subject to change.


Did it specify what kind of muffins or just a basket of muffin? It just said ba basket of muffins. It just said basket of muffins. Yeah. Someone's pulling my chain ATIs. That's all. That's so weird. You know, I like That. It has to be in a basket that feels almost like fairy Tale. Yeah. Muffins are always in a basket. Can you Puff shit up and send it to them and just be like, oh this person needs, you know, I can think. Yeah. David, is there a way to correct them more? I can we can DM 'em. No, don't. The only other thing, you're always on there. It's either the basket of muffins or you eating sushi. So well I do eat a lot of sushi. That one's true. What about a basket of sushi? Yeah. They're 50 50. I'm Just saying, can we make stuff up about people and send it in and just be like, I know that I, they'll just post it. Soandso requests, you know, it's whatever This feels like Gossip girl.


Yeah. Yeah. I don't think, I mean, it's not the Washington Post, you know, it's not, They're not fact checking. Yeah. They're not fact checking. Also, people are loving if it's true, the muffins and the comments, people are really happy that you Well Then I'm gonna double down on it. I love, I loves me muffins. I loves me muffins. Tell us a little bit about Altadena because the whole point of making this a special podcast and us being outside and spending I think a fortune to everyone come here and travel great distances, fortune to set up cameras and microphones and what look appears to be a solo stove. And if it's not a solo stove, I don't wanna be near it. 'cause I will only be near a solo stove. Oh God. Okay. Those things are fantastic.


Yeah. Solo stove, best stove you can have outdoors. Solo stove. I tell us a little bit about Altadena. Do you know anything about its history? I don't. Oh, okay. All, right. I it's north of Pasadena. There's horses that come here all the time. Ev every once in a while I can hear a pack of coyotes killing an animal. And it's a horrifying thing. Are they killing 'em? There's a coyotes attack. Animals and you can hear it. Oh, You can hear it? What does it sound like? And then it's just silence. We get that a of That. And it's a street Too in Pasadena. We get that. Yeah. Right. Doesn't it sound like just like screaming? It's, it's vicious.


Yeah. It's vicious. It's awful. Yeah. It's like something that'll like traumatize you. So we hear that a lot. And then there's just, you know, little, there's always animals. There's bears and there's, you know, bobcats sometimes. I love it. I love wild animals. No, You don't I do. No, I don't think you do. Do you really like wild animals? Yes. I think it's cool. I love being around nature. I think it's neat. I think it's neat to be in your house and know that there's just animals out there roaming around. It's cool. Do you go camping? You don't have we talked about it. Have we talked about him going camping? Don don't know if we've talked about Do you go camping? Like Did? you go tent in a in te in a it. What, What Sona Are you okay? Sona. Sona Quick. Have You ever slept in a Tent?


Touch your finger, your index finger to your nose right now. I I'm, I'm totally fine. Okay. Have you ever slept in a tent in like a sleeping bag? Of course I have. Yeah. When I was a kid I went to Camp I know. And you boiled your legs on a Tin. My legs something in a canoe. And yeah, I went to, I went to camp many years up in New Hampshire. Okay. Went to a camp in Maine. But Did, you ever go camping of your own accord? Like with friends or family? Mean Of my own volition? Yes. Do I? Is There a difference? Does not accord volition? No. Accord works perfectly. I just gave you a synonym. don don't know what the problem is. Jesus Christ. All I did was give you another word that was also valid. What's wrong with that? That's fun. That's saying, yeah.


I see what you, That's fun. Yeah. I'm gonna give you a different word from fun. That's a dick move. It's not a dick move. It's fun. It's, you said you go your own synonym. Court of my own volition. Synonym. Well, of course I do. That's just two guys having fun. Oh my God. With one of the greatest languages ever invented the Language. What? Did you just become the human thesaurus that nobody asked for. And have you gone camping? Yes. Of your own volition? Yes, I did. Yeah. I, I have And. I also took my kids camping. So yeah. But What kind of, were you glamping or were you camping? Well What define glamping. You're in a yurt and there's a refrigerator. No Did. you pitch your own tent. Have you like gotten a tent? Why are you smiling? Why are you, why are you a 12-year-old boy?


Have you ever pitched your own tent? Stop laughing. What is wrong with you? Stop laughing. That wasn't even, you're a grown man. I have a follow that much. I'm not even laughing That much. Actually. don don't even know how else to ask that question. Have you ever gotten a boner That I've proven is much, that's much more difficult than pitching a tongue. Pitching a tent is relatively easy. Okay. Getting an erect penis is a whole other that takes a lot of pullies and struts. Counterweights. You need counterweights. Oh, you need to get a lot of other people involved. You hold that end A lot of other people. You hold that end. You hold this end. This Is good fun.


See now we're cooking. We're cooking really good. Now, you Know, people don't do that in show business. Say what? They don't say, Hey guys, this is real good fun. Sure they do. Hey, I gave you a synonym. That's funny. They do when they're not well. Yeah. I Think you're doing things we don't do in show business. Yeah. You sure know. You're show business so You got it. I know knows It. I love the air here too. Smells like fire. It does sort of smell like a fire. Well that might be the solo stove. but you know what's cool about the solo stove? And we haven't even gotten to the ad. Part of the solo stove I know there's no smoke. Beautiful. Yeah. What a beautiful design. I know who did it. I did it. Hope. Hope you get a Nobel prize. No, I didn't. I Didn't. It Lemme ask you something. Do you know your neighbors I?


do? Do your neighbors know that you're recording a pretty well-known podcast right here in your yard? My friends, my friends who live two houses down. I told them, Are they gonna come by? They wanted to, but I didn't know how to do it where it wasn't awkward. What do you mean? They can just come and They're just gonna come and stand here? Yeah. And I'd sign an eight by 10 for them. Oh, Come On. Not of me. That's Weird. Of Who? I don't know. Like the star of Hawaii. Five. Oh, the new one? Not the old one. The new Hawaii. Five. Oh, Daniel Kim. There you go. Daniel Kim. I often sign his headshot. People get really confused. Did, you ever see the episode of the new Hawaii five Oh where they CG Jack Lord into it and some of the worst CG you've ever seen?


Did? you know I grew up on the original Hawaii five. Oh. With Jack Lorde and Jack Lorde was the inspiration for my hairstyle. Oh, that makes sense. Yeah. I used to see his hair. It was all piled up and he always had a little coil going forward. And I remembered as a kid going I Wish. I lived in Hawaii and was a detective and had that hair cut. Ah, well one of those things came true. Hey, I got the Hair. Yeah. And then all these years later, I'm talking to one of my heroes on the podcast. And I. Forget who it was. But. it was so many heroes. I think it was Nixon. No, I was talking to, I think you know what I think it was. It was Kurt Russell. Mm. I was talking to Kurt Russell and Kurt Russell was a child actor and he was on that Hawaii five oh oh.


And he said, he said he did a scene with Jack Lord and Jack Lord didn't have his wig on. And. I said what? And he went, yeah man, that was a piece. I didn't realize that. So my hair hero, my hair that I've spent my lifetime perfecting and crafting is based on a sham. What if your Hair just all fell out at that moment? When at that moment just fell off? It's like the coyote realizing he's standing on nothing. Yeah. Oh. And he looks at the camera and falls So. anyway, now there's a new Hawaii five. Oh, who's Jack Lord? He's the first Felix lighter Sona. Oh Right, okay. So. anyway, I thought Don Johnson was in. Oh no, was that? That's Miami. Miami Vice. Okay. Okay. It's not the same show. It sounds like it. It's across. It couldn't farther. Were house In the, in the union Hawaii.


Five O go Hawaii and Miami couldn't be farther apart. I But they're both sunny and aren't they both detectives? So I know one of 'em. They roll their shirt, their jackets up. Yeah. That's Hawaii. Five. Oh No, that's Miami Vice. That's Miami Vice. Exactly. That's Don Johnson. Okay. And have you seen Don Johnson? Oh, here's my point. My point is that Hawaii five oh a show from the sixties And, it goes into the early seventies Miami Vice Show from the eighties. There you go. Jack Lord star of the show in the original Hawaii five. Oh my hair was basically based on his hair. And then it turned out to be a sham. Now there's a new Hawaii five. Oh. And you say that they tried to put Jack Lord, who I'm sure has been dead for a long time.


It's Insane because they didn't have much of a budget. The CG is God awful. And the main, one of the main guys is talking to him in a really dark room. You have to watch it. And I. Anybody that's listening to This has to see. I mean, I wanna see if the minute this podcast is over, if we can get electricity up here. Oh boy. I want to plug something in. No, no, we'll use your generator or whatever. There's, There's, it's a normal place's. Altadena is a normal place. It's a normal city. That's what, that's what the sign said when I entered it said Altadena a normal place. Just like the other places. Just like All the other places Established 2014. We have to, what's our elevation here? Do you know your elevation?


No. Oh, for God's sake. What kinda life do you live? Who knows Their elevation. Do you know your elevation? Yep. Alister. Oh, okay. Mic drop So. anyway. Alright. Sorry. Yeah. Anyway. I I know my Neighbors. Me DiCaprio and JLo 1 3 58, 1003, 358 feet. Nice. How'd you? How Did you find that out? Did. you just look it up? Yeah. Or Did. you sometimes people have it on their watches. Oh No, I looked It up. Okay. Yeah. Sometimes a watch will tell you. That's, that's great. An Apple watch sometimes tells you's Great. You really lead us down very fruitful places. I think I lead us to many great places. Yep. I'm a good leader. Like That synonym thing you did. That was really good. What's that? Anyway, own a accord. No, Let's not rap Yet. You want a synonym for rap?


Shall we conclude And shoot this thing in the fucking head? Can I talk about, can I talk about how my pillow flew into my neighbor's yard with, from a windstorm And I was too scared to ask them for it back. Why we, you told me this the other day. And don, don't understand why you were so scared. Have, When was the last time you went to your neighbors and said, Hey, my thi something went over And I need to get it. I would walk over there. I'd ring the doorbell. I I know both my neighbors and I'd say, hi, my pillow fell into your backyard and I need to retrieve it. Yeah. Doesn't Doesn't so weird for me. I just got so scared. Is it still there? No. We got it. I got, I went after a month of me and tack going back and forth about who was gonna go get it. I finally Got it. So weird. You guys would be so afraid to confront your neighbors. They must be absolute monsters.


They're so nice. They're such lovely pe. Everyone is so lovely. You know the other thing you can do is sneak over there. Yeah. Oh, Midnight raid. I hadn't thought about it, but then I was like, what if they see, what do you mean? No, you can't sneak into your neighbor's house and get it. Well, it's, the adds a little bit of thrill to the marriage. I would, you should both take off your clothes and jump over the fence and try and call. It's called Grab the night pillow. It's a sexy game you can play. You know when a spark goes outta the marriage, take off your clothes with your loved one and try and steal a pillow from a neighbor's yard. That's a way to, everybody comes out happy after that one. Did, you guys throw a lot of balls over the yard at your house when you were growing up, what? Like you and your brother, you and your brothers, and your sisters. You had, there were so many of You.


We didn't have a ball. We had a tater. We tossed around All. right? We're getting outta here. We're saying goodbye now from beautiful Altadena, California. Look it up on a map. It probably won't be much resolution from the satellite photos. I don't, you know, sometimes when you get into a remote area, They don't really even, NASA doesn't even shoot pictures anymore. It's north of Pasadena. It's not on all maps Anyway. Yeah. Just starts to, it just starts to become north, north of Pasadena. It's like that. What's the area with the 57 area? Area? 51. Area 51 Area 51. Yeah. It's like the government has blocked out all images of altadena. Anyway, we're here.


The night is descending and the coyotes are moving in. You can hear them. Place coyotes. Moving in Summer. S'mores with Conan O'Brien, Sono of Sian and Matt Gorley, produced by me. Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sacks, Nick Leal and Jeff Ross at Team Coco and Colin Anderson and Cody Fisher at Earwolf Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer Samples Engineering by Eduardo Perez. Additional production support by Mars Melnick. Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Conn.


You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan? Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 And leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded. This has been a Team Coco production in association with Ill Wolf.


Conan O'Brien needs a friend who is brought to you by ADT. Let me talk about ADT for a second please. ADT spends all of their seconds helping protect all of yours. That's a cool idea. 'cause a lot can happen in a second. True Did. you know that. That's true. That is true. Like, one second, your baby can't walk. Then suddenly bang, they can walk. Except for me, I didn't walk till I was about nine. Oh yeah. We don't know what was wrong. Legs were fine. Apparently it was just a lack of will. You just chose not to. Okay. Yeah. No. One second. You're happily single. The next second you catch a glimpse of someone and well, maybe you don't wanna be single anymore. That did happen to me. Oh, I know it did. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And then years later I met my wife. Da. Oh, I love you baby. No, maybe one second. You have a business idea that seems like a pipe dream. And the next you have an LLC and a dream come true. Wow. This whole second thing is really something. Yeah. And when it comes to your home, one second. You feel safe. And the next, well, even if something does happen, guess what? You can still feel safe thanks to ADT. After all, ADT is America's most trusted name in home security because when every second counts count on ADT. Isn't that nice? I like that. I like how that all came around. Yeah. I was worried for a while. It wouldn't get to ADT. I mean, I think ADT should be, she the one worried about it. But. anyway. Visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT. ASAP.


Sonic has embraced a new harmony of textures and flavors with the latest burger, creating a completely different experience introducing the Sonic Smasher. Yeah. Check this out. It has two Angus beef seasoned patties, smashed and seared, crispy on the edge and juicy in the middle. That's layered with two slices of melty American cheese, a signature creamy and tangy smasher sauce, crinkle cut pickles, diced onions, and served on a pillowy soft potato bun. Mm. guess what Sonic is going to be sending us these smashed burgers. Ah, yeah. Yeah. You excited about that? I love Sonic I do. And the The idea of burgers that have been smashed together. Probably using some sophisticated cyclotron that fires the two patties at each other. Yeah. A thousand miles a second to create a whole new patty. I can't wait to try that. Try the Sonic Smasher today. Live Free Eat Sonic. All patties are proudly hand smashed by Sonic's dedicated team of Grow masters. No cyclotrons are used in the making of the Sonic Smasher.