
This episode of Con O'Brien Needs A friend is sponsored by LL Bean Summer's, all about getting outside for quality, outdoor clothing, gear, and accessories. Turn to LL Bean, the expert. For over a century, they got camp chairs, campsite organizers, blankets, coolers. Plus, get the stylish yet durable clothes you need for all types of weather, including their famous bean boots. For the best outdoor our products, tips and inspiration, visit ll bean.com/ Conan Outside together. Since 1912,


solo stove and whistle pig whiskey have joined forces to introduce Camp Stock, a limited edition wheat whiskey that's aged in barrels toasted by solo stove, the world's favorite fire pit on the rocks. Neat. Or in a s'mores old fashioned camp. Stock wheat whiskey with its notes of Graham cracker baking spices and vanilla is the perfect fireside drink for summer nights. Cheers to whiskey Flavored by the flame and savored by the flame. Please remember to pig out responsibly


Summer smores with Conan and the Chill hums. A six part series with Conan O'Brien, Sono MAs and Matt Gorley. Let's get started. Here we are with Summer Smores 2024. This Is become quite the tradition. Now. How did it all start? Summer S'mores. I forget. We were doing the first year in studio at the Earwolf Studios, but I think it was just based off a joke where we were trying to get you be more chill. Like Sona and me. Yeah, right. It all starts to unravel. Yeah. The Minute you pick it apart. But then it became, then it became, we got into a big argument about s'mores. Yes. Yeah. And I took the position, which scandalized So at the time that s'mores are a treat that people think they're supposed to enjoy.


But a lot of people really don't. And I Didn't know people didn't like Them. Well, I I know. We we you were You mean a fool yourself? No. And there are people that, that like them. but I was surprised. It was one of the first times, Matt, that you agreed with me. Yeah, that's what I was just Gonna say. And. it really was when I think we grew a lot closer. It's a very dry treat. That's When we moved in together. Remember? Yeah. We shared an apartment without driving each other. Crazy But. it was, it's a very dry treat. It's not particularly, I, I think people think they're supposed to like it. Yay. S'mores. But a lot of people don't. So. anyway, we took down smores and then a lot of fans called in and agreed with, with me And.


I felt empowered. And I. And I felt seen for the first time. Oh, Did you. Yeah. Really seen. Oh, I'm So happy for you that you felt Seen. I finally felt seen. So anyway, we started, it brings joy And you don't like things that Bring joy. There you go. That's very good. So we started doing these, this series and started taking 'em side, which was fun. And. then we thought every year we wanna elevate it. 'cause the fans seem to really enjoy this. Yeah. It's a summer treat. They just do. And we've got to do, this is what Adam Sachs calls fan service. He's like, well, we should do some fan service. And I'm like, Hey, Mr. Corporate Ladder. Can't you just say, why don't we try to make people that like our show happy?


And he is like, it's called Fan Service at business school. That's what they taught us. We're Servicing the fans. Yeah. Oh, okay. Take it easy. Yeah. Digitally, huh? We're servicing them. Get it? I'm trying not to. We're we're blowing everyone digitally. I see. Oh, okay. It's, it's a, it's a, it's a sexual thing. I see. Yeah. We're servicing the fence. Got it. Yeah. Blowing 'em. Okay. Blowing. So, digital Lowies, We wanted to elevate it, which we just failed to do. It'd be Nice To break even again. Also, it'd be nice, but we thought we'd, we thought we'd go someplace and we were trying to think of where to go. And then Sona kind of threw down the gauntlet because I river sometimes about how far away she lives.


Which is in Altadena. Yes. Altadena. Yeah. And I'm still, it's not on a lot of maps. Like if you go on Google Maps, they don't show Altadena. There's just a blurred Area. Or even if you just Google Altadena, it doesn't come up. Yeah. No. but I looked at a map on where do I live. I looked at a map of the greater Los Angeles area, and as it got over towards Altadena, it got blurry. And then there were just drawings of sea monsters. Because a lot of, you know, early, early sailors just didn't know what was over there. Yeah. So they drew sea monsters. A Lot of people just think now it's in Westeros. Yeah. It is featured. Altadena is featured in the last season of Game of Thrones.


You know, there's different kind of cool castles that come folding out and come rising up those cool. Neat. And then there's Altadena, which is just one gear spinning on its own. Broken deep. It's broken But. anyway, you said, let's go to Altadena. Yeah. So I thought, you know what, I'm gonna shut up enough of my jokes Okay. About, you know, okay. I'm over on the west side. And. I have to go to Altina. That's not cool. Okay. How about embrace this? This is a fun thing. So I got my shots. Can I ask a question? Yeah. When you get to Altina, you're not gonna make any jokes then don Don't think so. Okay. You know what, I'm gonna say something. Okay. I'm gonna say something. Yeah. I know me.


Yeah. And. I'm not the kinda guy to take a bit and just drive it into the ground. Okay. That's Not, not only will you not make any jokes, they won't probably be the same ones you're making right now. Probably not. Yeah. Probably not. 'cause we Definitely have not Already already Recorded. No, no. So you won't make any And I No. For a fact That No, no, no. I'm telling you, I'm telling you. I have no intention of doing those cheap. Oh, I got my passport. You know? Okay. I, I changed my currency. Like that stuff. That stuff. And a six, a 6-year-old could make those jokes. Child A child. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And so, no, I won't do that. And also I'll embrace that. It's a rich, vibrant community. It is. I'm sure. Is there like a playhouse or a museum there?


What? What do you mean? Like a for? Yes. Is there A Schoolhouse? There's things, there's things, There's things we, Everybody I know. We had all the things that other places have. When Did, you become a guy in a David Mame play. There's things, there's things. We had a normal community. It's got everything. And also, well Just say one thing that it has, you can't keep saying normal community. And there things, we Have a store. We have a store. We have a general store. Do you have dry goods? We have a place where you can get food. We have a place you can, It's called a refrigerator. You could, you can go there and you can get things that you need. There's a place you can go. Yes. Get food. Okay. Well, you just answered all my questions. There's a cultural center. There are museums is I'm sure there's a library.


There has to be. Legally, There's definitely a li The Alad Dino Library is actually a pretty cool library. Have you been There? Oh Yeah, I've been There. Do you know your Pony Express writer? Did anybody get that? I did. I know. I did. He did? Okay. Yeah. He Did You. What do you mean? Like mail? Yeah. Oh God. Well, listen, I really, Why have I joined in on this? I don I. don even Know you Live I know, like 15 minutes away from me. Matt I know But. it has a point. You're 15 minutes out there. Farther Though. Oh my God. I'm just, you know what, it's a lovely community. There's horses, there's a lot of like, people who have Farm. Farm. Have you seen the original Wonder Woman? The first movie? You know, that way on her, you know, I haven't on her island. Yeah. You can't see it. And then you go through some fog and then you just peer in and then suddenly there's this amazing island.


Yeah. It's like literally like six miles off of New Jersey. Oh, the Recent one? Yeah. Yeah. The one that came out. Oh, I thought you meant there was like a movie that came out in like the 1973, the First movie. Gal Gado. Oh yeah. Yeah. What Im talking about is, I think that's a little bit Altadena, which is, it's close to Pasadena, but very far away in other ways. It's Like Brigadoon or Atlantis or something. Yes. It's a little bit mythical. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I'll take it. It's a lovely town. It's a great place to live. And yeah. You guys are just jealous. No, I'm, oh. Anyway. Well listen, we're going to go, we're going to go to Altadena. Yeah. And I. Am looking forward to it. Is there anything that you would advise me to bring along in preparation for this trek?


Bear Spray. What? No, There. Do you have bears in the area? There Are bears. Okay. But they don't like No, they do. They'll come if you're there. There's a lot of coyotes. Oh, fans. Yeah. You said don't come if you are there. Yeah. They're, they're online. They'll probably hear about this. No, They don't get, I mean, they're not like scared of people Really? They like go through people's trash a lot. We have a lot of coyotes. I wonder if we'll see. You know what, I'm A lot of peacocks. You Know what I'm, I'm gonna say I am I. do fear a bear. I don't, I just don't know why I don't fear a coyote. Even. There's a bunch of them. I think I would just charge them and start swinging. I think like, they're just dogs. I'd start swinging away at 'em. I'd say like, you, You can fight a pack of coyotes. I think I could Actually, Amanda just saved a dog's life from two coyotes.


Is that true? Three days ago? No, they were, dog was running down the street. Oh, I thought that they were blackmailing the dog. They were. And she intervened and called the authorities. She Called elder abuse And. it was, They were, the coyotes were engaged in an online scam. They were, they were calling a little dog and saying, you need to help your cousin in Argentina. Roof, roof, roof. Yes. Just send the check The coyotes talk. But the dog doesn't talk. Little dog doesn't talk in this reality. And the coyo coyotes the other way around of talk. Okay. The coyotes can kind of talk and they'll things like, just send a check to a, I mean, so yeah. I love the idea of the coyotes.


They're just Yeah. Calling. It's this shitty scam. They're working. It's kind of, yeah. That's good. It's a good bit. That's a, it's a, Is it a good bit? I think it's a pretty good bit. Okay. You're so pleased with your I wanna actually hear how Shed it. She just chased, chased them down and, and got them away from the dog. Oh, They Were starting to circles. Yeah, but she went into like war. Talk about Amazon Warrior woman. She just went ballistic and screamed and ran down the street, flailing her arms. And my daughter started freaking out. And. it was crazy. Whose dog was, we don't know. It was just someone, some neighborhood did Stray or something now. So they left. Were they They were full on attacking the dog. You know what they do? Coyotes? They have one coyote that kind of lures. Yeah. A dog. I don't think they had like, they hadn't attacked it physically yet.


They were circling it. Yeah. There, there, there's, I've always heard that there's a coyote that comes out and maybe sort of puts on a wig and some lipstick and, and, and it's just like, you know, Hey, there are some pretty broad shoulders and a fluffy tail. And the dog's like, And I come with me and then they leads me into the woods. And the dog is like, are you sure there's a bar here? I know. Sure. Yeah. Just keep head on this way. And then suddenly you realize there's like, you know, 30 coyotes surrounding you die. Yeah. Well, maybe not. Is it A honey trap? Or honey pot? Is it a honey Pot? Honey trap implies more. There's a, you're snared, you Know, But hey, but fellas, what a way to go.


I know, being Mal to death. Yeah. It doesn't work. Yeah, but what a way to go ripped apart by dogs. Oh, forget I said that. It's a guy who always says, but what a way to go and, and hopes that it's applicable. Anyway, they burned up on reentry. Yeah, but what a way to go. Wait. Burning up on reentry after a failed. What? Yeah, but oh, forget


it. Enjoy all the versatility of a fire pit without the smoke. Hello. And that messy cleanup. How do you do it? Solo stove. The stainless steel construction of solo stove fire pits is designed to regulate airflow and burn more efficiently. Resulting in a smokeless fire. Solo stove, fire pits are easy to light, portable coming a variety of sizes and colors, and have a lifetime warranty. That's why it's the world's favorite smokeless fire pit. Yeah. I kind of wish we were all sitting around a smokeless fire instead of being stuck in this stuffy studio right now. Yeah, but I wouldn't wanna land a smokeless fire in here. It's kind of a contained No, no, no. For the outdoors. That's the idea. Head to solo stove.com and use promo code Conan 20 to get $20 off your order of $200 or more


For some serious big pig energy. Check out Whistle Pig. The leading independent craft whiskey brand. You heard what I said? To make some seriously well crafted rye bourbon. Even wheat whiskeys clearly have a ton of fun doing it. Like naming the whiskeys after the pigs of their Vermont farm distillery. Isn't that a cool idea? I like that. Hey Pig, what's your name? We're gonna put it on some whiskey whistle pigs, high rye and bold bourbon whiskeys. Push the boundaries of flavors whether you like it. Spicy or sweet whiskey pig has the best whiskey for your maple old fashioned. Cheers to the pig. I've lost my mind. They sent us some whiskey. Can they send a pig too? Find whistle pig whiskey at shop. Do whistle pig whiskey.com or at your local bar or liquor store. Please remember to always pig at responsibly.


LL Bean makes getting outside more comfortable. And that's 'cause they believe Everyone deserves time with nature. It doesn't need to be epic. Looking at the stars or walking the dog are great outdoor activities. You know, on a chili night, LL beans, puffer blankets can do it all. That's nice. They're incredible. Light warm, packable versatile. Plus it snaps at the top to let you wear it like a cape. Oh yeah. Cool. But of course, summer days get inevitably hot. So get LL Bean adventure Tote cooler. Oh, it's tough. Soft sided. Cooler. Has compact design features. Impressive capacity holds up to 36, 12 ounce cans with five pounds of ice. You know what, I love those LL Bean chairs. Yeah, Those were Great. Have a nice seat. Anywhere you feel like the king of your own realm. It was a whole, it was a whole LL Bean set up too. We had the chairs and then they set me a sweater that was really nice. And those bean Boots. You know what? And you look nice in those things too. I like it when you dress well. Oh, thanks. Thank you. LL Bean to say it all. Lll bean. It'll class soda up anytime. For the best outdoor products, tips and inspiration, visit ll bean.com/ Conan outside together since 1912.


David, as you know, I just went to Paris. You did? Yeah. With my family. And we had a blast. Yeah. but I gotta tell you something. We were staying in a hotel. It was a fine hotel, but you come in and outta the hotel, you know, and the guy at the door, you know, tips his cap. And, I, bow And. it just starts to feel like I'm a tourist, you know? Sure. With the bowing. Yeah. It just, the whole thing. Yeah. And, you know, miss, you, did you get the, the croissant we put under your pillow? You know, it's like, well, don't put a croissant under a pillow, but gets all crushed and flaky. That's a little weird. Yeah. And I was thinking, Hey, wait a minute. Last summer. Do you remember this? My daughter wanted to go to this music festival. Oh yeah. Outside lands. Yeah. We got an Airbnb in San Francisco. It was just felt so comfortable.


Yeah. And I thought, oh, I, I should have done that in Europe. We could have got an Airbnb. Yeah. Stayed at some nice apartment. Yeah. You know, I like that feeling, that relaxed feeling. It is nice that you're living like a Parisian or wherever you are. If you're in Belgium or you're, you're living like a Belgian, it's nice. It'll make you a whole new person, I think. Well, I think it would And I. Think it would make me and everyone would say like, look at that French guy coming out of his pene. Yeah. I'm excited for this new You. I gotta say, these are just some of the reasons I love Airbnb and, well, don don't know. I think our listeners should stay tuned to hear more about my potential summer travels.


Conan O'Brien needs a friend is brought to you by ADT. Let me talk about ADT for a second please. ADT spends all of their seconds. Mm. Helping protect all of yours. That's a cool idea. 'cause a lot can happen in a second. That's true. Did. you know that. That's true. That is true. Like, one second, your baby can't walk, then suddenly bang, they can walk. Except for me, I didn't walk till I was about nine. Oh yeah. We don't know what was wrong. Legs were fine. Apparently it's just a lack of will. You Just chose not to. Okay. Yeah. No, one second. You're happily single. The next second you catch a glimpse of someone and well, maybe you don't wanna be single anymore. That did happen to me. Oh, I know it did. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And then years later I met my wife. Oh, I love you baby. No, maybe one second. You have a business idea that seems like a pipe dream. And the next you have an LLC and a dream come true. Wow. This whole second thing is really something. Yeah. And when it comes to your home, one second, you feel safe. And the next, well, even if something does happen, guess what? You can still feel safe thanks to ADT. After all, ADT is America's most trusted name in home security. Because when every second counts count on ADT. Isn't that nice? I like that. I like how that all came around. Yeah. I was worried for a while. It wouldn't get to ADT. I mean, I think ADT should be, she the one worried about it. But. anyway, visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT ASAP.


I will say this, I am excited to go to your home because Oh, I'm too. Thanks guys. Yeah. And I know that. Listen, I've been to your house before in daylight. I have not been to Altadena in the, in the nighttime. Yeah. And I. Don't think many people have. Oh no. It's just one of those things that they tell you that like, when you land at the airport, don't go to Altadena late at night because there is there electricity? Yes. It's a normal town. It, there's stuff Okay. There's things. Stop saying there's stuff there is. That Doesn't work. Well, you keep calling it normal, which makes me think it's not normal. Yeah. Because we're joking. But then when you say that, I think maybe there's something to This. There's no Do you, Hey, you want a burger? There's a burger. Do you want a pizza? There's a, there's a burger. There's a burger in a field.


Yeah, there's a burger in a field. And even the coyotes won't touch it. There's a, there's parks, there's Things. That's the town burger. Yeah. Do you wanna shoot a burger? Well, it's out here. I'll show you. Been there for, why are you wearing a wig? Coyote? You wanna shoot a burger? It's up this way. Then you get to the burger. Oh, that burger looks kind of old. Why are you taking your wig off? Suck Ar So I think we're gonna have a good time. I think so too. You know what, and I'm gonna say this and I know this sounds a little corny, but when I'm with you guys, I have a good time. So I think wherever we go, we'll make it a good time. Even if it's Altadena. Well, Come on. You're so close.


You're so close to being nice. Altadena is a really cool place. Stop shouting. It's, it's a cool place. And Would you ever run for a city council? Yes. To become part of the can Yeah. Community service. I would. You're a famous person that lives in alt. There's no city council. It's, it's an un it's not incorporated. It's an unincorporated part of Los Angeles County. Wait, wait. There's no city council As far as I know? No. It's part of the Greater Los Angeles. When you turn your faucet, what comes out? Pasadena's Incorporated. Altadena Altino. Not Goddamn Right. We Incorporated. Yeah. Al we we're part Ali County. I'll not live someplace that isn't incorporated. Yeah.


I wa I need to be part of an incorporation. I Where You currently live is an unincorporated part of Los Angeles. Don't Say where I live. I'm Just saying that I, you know, listen, people just need to remember that I live in Catalina. No, but where you live is not incorporated. You don't have like, you know, your own stuff. No. You don't have like a fire department and you have LA fire department. No, That's insane. Well, you guys just have a pocket. We're good. Yeah. You live so close to me. I know, you really live close by Within The corporate realm of Pasadena though. Right.


And you know, we have like, I don't have anything, but there's some celebrities that live in the area and I know they all have like robot drones that will take care of if shit goes down. Oh, okay. There's robots that will I Can get a ro robot drone. No, no, no. Not Altadena. The robot would be like, thanks, but No, I'm good. Turns It down. Not worth the worst. Where is it? I'm checking Google Sea monsters. I think I'll be, you're a robot. You have to do what I tell you to do. I have to do most things, but that's a little sketchy outside of my directive.


I'll just hang out in Pasadena. It's incorporated a legal text entity. Are We gonna drink? Oh yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh, are you making a cocktail? I worked up something. Yeah. Okay. That's good. don don't know if I, it's called the S'more Sian. Hey. In, in honor of you. That's nice. Yeah. That'll come along later in the, the batch of episodes though. That's cool. Yeah. It's you, you, this man Matt Gourley makes a mean cocktail. Sure does. You you really are a, a, an artist Don don't know what I'm doing, but thank you. Mm. Are quite good. Mm. You know, as long as we, you know, within reason. Yeah. As long as we just sip lightly and we don't go at it too hard.


That's why We're waiting for later in, in the episodes. We're not gonna get to it right Away. That's good. Yeah, that's good. 'cause it can obliterate an episode. Yeah. I've seen it happen in the past. I think it's fun. I'm I know. You do I know You do. But I'm not taking you home in a wheelbarrow. Again, It helps me tolerate these altadena jokes actually. So I think it is best Interest. It's a whole kind of joke. Now, Altadena the City itself. No, no, no. I'm, she said these Altadena jokes. Oh yeah. It's become like a whole ki like mother-in-law jokes. Mother-in-law Jokes is Altadena jokes. It has, it's A brand. I think I wanna ask the people of Altadena to rise up. It's already Let's don don't know we can do something.


It's you're speaking of, and this isn't, no pun intended, But. it is very high. You're a very high altitude. It Is a high altitude. Yeah. Alt altitude. Altitude. Altitude. Oh, you're altitude. It's it's a high altitude. It's nice. It's in the fire zone. Ooh. But it's a, it's really pretty up there. There's so much hiking. It is beautiful up there. There's, you know, waterfalls nearby. There's, it's just cool. I think that, I think you, you gotta give it a chance. You sold me. You've I'm going to, I'm coming All. right. I'm gonna, I'm gonna get to come. Yeah. I'm gonna go and, and and experience Altadena. Are you doing anything to the house to prepare for the onslaught of crew and cameras cleaning and Stuff. You're coming. You know, I wanna make that clear to people that I know.


We have a very casual vibe here, but this is a professional organization. We are, I'm just gonna say we're a big podcast and when we move an army moves with us. Yeah. I mean, really dedicated people come and they set it all up. They take care of everything. It's, it's very impressive To see. Yeah. That's probably at least 20 people Yeah. Coming to something like this, right? Yeah. Oh. And we, I'm gonna get food 'cause I, I have to give people Some food. Yeah, you and what will you get? Oh, will your parents be around? Yeah, they're gonna watch the boys. Okay. Yeah. Will You get the burger? The burger? Yeah. Well you can get the, the burger. We could do the pizza. We could don don't know. I was gonna just get some like, you know, boat eggs from Sorry, what?


It's a cheese filled puff pastry. What? don don't know what that is. I honestly don't know what a bor rag is. You wouldn't, You wouldn't No. I know. No And. I wouldn't, you wouldn't know Bo egg. Yeah. What. Is. It. It's it cheese filled pastry puff pastry. Okay. Like fill, It's still not getting it. Phil. There's like different But. it, there's a lot of different colors. Is Armenian or Greek? I think that there's versions in many cultures. Okay. But in our culture it's, yeah, it's just like puff pastry and then there's cheese and then you bake it or you can fry it can't go wrong. There's so many different ways to make it. And then, you know, I'll probably just get some other stuff. I have people come to my house and not feed them Mom. My mom would be furious.


Are you good about that? I'm very good at when people come over, I want to feed them. I want to, I want there to be bounty when people come over to my house. Yeah. Yeah. And I my wife. That wasn't her culture so much. And, I, we, you know, we, we worked that out over time. Okay. You brought her over to your side? I did. In the early days she'd say, oh, And I. I purchased a, there are three people coming. And I purchased three thin wafers. That surprises me. She No, she's so sweet. She's very nice. She just didn't know. And I come from these just a giant crazy pirate ship of, of insane people who just buy tons of corn, beef and rolls and just lots of everything. If two people whatever food you would need by 10 times that much is what, how I was raised.


Yeah. Same. Yeah. Okay. Well I think we did it. Okay. Is it done? It sure sounds like it. Yeah. Can It be done? Hey, a quick question. Yeah. What should I be wearing? Are there, are there mosquitoes? Does it get super cold at Night? Yeah, there's a lot of random insects, but you should just, just dress kind of, kind of warm and then we'll have a, a fire and so it'll be fine. Would it be off-putting, if I came in a very, very fancy trailer and And I was inside And, I would just like The Star Wagons. Yeah. And I would just peek out the window occasionally at you guys. but I was inside And.


I was, you know, watching Lawrence of Arabia and HD and, and eating like a incredible veal Parmesan and wearing a silk a a silk lounging robe. And then every now and then I'd, I'd lean out my head and go Summer small, there's nothing like it. And then I close my little window and you'd hear, So the rest of the episode is just me and Sona hanging out? No. At The cocktail. No. but I occasionally lean my head out. Yeah. I'm there for the entire episode. Right. Oh. but I only occasionally lean out. That sounds Pretty good. I actually wouldn't mind that at all. Not that we'll have a cocktail early Sona And Girls time. But That'd be fun. You then you keep noticing that incredible foods and masseuses are going in all kinds of, there's just a constant stream of people going in to take care of my various, But we still just get To hang out Together with A Yeah, just the two.


We're cool with that. That's fine. That's fine. Let's Did you mention that I have a generator. That's Fine. That it's very loud and shoots out a lot of toxic smoke. But it's there. It's there to power. Well How do you think her house already runs? It's there to power my massage chair. Yeah, I think that sounds like a good time. Alright. We should definitely do a Summer S'mores one time where it's just me and Matt. Yeah. Okay. That'll be fun. I'll, you know what, I'm okay with that. Okay. No, and you know what? I don't think the fans will miss me at all. Oh my God. I'm so full of myself. Alright, well guys, let's head out to Sonas Place right now. Off For episode. We episode two to Altadena to see the wonders of a New World.


Okay. It's just a normal place. Altadena, what of normal things? Tell my wife I loved her. Okay. I drive there. We already sent Up every day Scouts. They didn't come back. The horse came back without them. You sent a horse, they came out, they went on a horseback and then the horse just comes back without em. And old westerns. That's how you know there's trouble. Oh, okay. Yeah, that's good. Murderer. Summer S'mores with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sian and Matt Gorley, wait. Produced by me, Matt Gorley. Executive produced by Adam Sacks, Nick Liao and Jeff Ross at Team Coco and Colin Anderson and Cody Fisher at Earwolf Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino.


Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer Samples Engineering by Eduardo Perez. Additional production support by Mars Melnick. Talent Booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista, and Brit Kahn. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan? Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded, This Has been a Team Coco production in association with Ill Wolf Want the same expert advice you get from the pros in the store while shopping online@discounttire.com.


Meet Treadwell, your personal online tire guide that matches you with the perfect tire for your vehicle. Get your best match in one minute or less. With Treadwell by Discount Tire. Let's get you taken care of. Pulling Up to Mickey D's just for drinks. Oh yeah, that's me. Nothing extra. Just perfection. And a straw coming in hot for the coldest cups on the block. because there are drinks then there are drinks from McDonald's. Mix things up with any size lemonade or sweet tea for a dollar 49. Perfect with our classic fries. Price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer. Ba ba, ba ba.