
Your next crime family Sock Obsession is coming this March to Paramount Plus Mob Land, an explosive new series from the underworld of Guy Ritchie Stars, Tom Hardy Pierce Brossman and Helen Meen go inside the Harrigan crime family who will stop at nothing to ensure they come out on top in a war that threatens to topple empires and destroy lives. New series Mob Land streaming March 30th on Paramount Plus.


How hot do you like it? Firehouse Subs is churning up the heat. They've teamed up with hot ones to create two new sandwiches. The zesty garlic hook and ladder is the milder option. Can you believe that? Those still packed with flavor. And for the bravest spice chasers, the spicy dill hook and ladder sandwich is sure to be a three alarm ion. Well, Sona bla. You guys sampled the wares today. We did. You had yourself those hook and ladder sandwiches. How were they? They were Great. And they had a kick. Yeah, They did. I I did the zesty garlic hook and ladder. Oh. And, and I loved it. I took a walk in the wild side with the spicy dill hook and ladder and it was great. I loved It. Well, I'm glad you guys enjoyed yourselves. Find out how hot you like it. Try the zesty garlic and spicy deal. Hook and ladder at Firehouse Subs. For a limited time, life doesn't go on forever. You gotta grab the moment, dude. Visit Firehouse subs.com to find a restaurant near you. Individuals sensitive to spice or the Carolina Reaper Pepper should not consume this spicy dill hook and ladder. Limited time at participating Firehouse Subs. Restaurants.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Eugenia Fernandez de Los Jimenez. That's me. That's too long. Too long. And now always travel in the customs when I get, try to get to see my family in the us but yeah. Oh Man. Okay. So that's, so say tell me how to pronounce your name. I wanna make sure I say correctly. Nia. Nia. I am. We Tell us. Nia, tell me a little bit about yourself. Where are you right now in the world?


So right now I'm in Madrid, Spain from my house. And I work here as a physician resident in a hospital. Oh, okay. Very good. You work in a hospital and you take care of people. That's very good. I like that. And you mentioned that you have American relatives. Is that true? Yeah, my fiance, he is American. He's Irish American. Sean Dempsey, pretty Irish American. I like your accent dropped on that. Yeah. Wait, your, your, your, your fiance is Irish American and his name is Sean Dempsey Here in Spain.


People call him Chong Ching if they see it written. 'cause people cannot really pronounce his name. So. Yeah. Well I'm sure anything's okay with Sean, You know. Yeah. He use my hands sometimes when he gets tired. Yeah. Guess What? No One's really saying his name. Right. The Irish, we just don't care. As long as we're welcomed in's and someone has something to drink and something to eat, we're fine. You know, call me whatever you want. And That's how it is here. So tell me a little bit, how did you meet this guy? We Met in 2016. He went to study abroad. He came actually to my hometown. Seville is in South Spain. A lot of Americans go to study there abroad actually. And we fell kind of in love, but didn't make any sense.


I was 19 and I was studying medicine. After a year we met again. And that's how we decided. Like even one year we couldn't meet anyone that beat that. Well, I don't, it's was worth Trying. I don't Okay. Nia I don't think it's that you couldn't meet anyone. I just think he was the special one. He was the one, he Was the One. I don't think you should go around telling him. He's Fine. I waited and when it just, no one came along. You'll do, you'll do. He's fine. He is, he is got used to Spanish way of get being, being in a relationship with a Spanish woman. So he's fine. Okay. Well, what are the differences, say between a a Spanish woman and an Irish Catholic guy?


What's the thing that, what's the biggest difference between you? How have you had to change him? That's tough. 'cause I think we actually have a lot of, in things in common, like southern Spanish people and Irish people. But probably like the drinking culture. It sounds weird, but like, we can start drinking at 12 in the noon, like 12:00 PM and then end drink at 4:00 AM after being the whole day with our friends, eating and everything. But he and you guys like struggle with that type of culture when you get smashed. Well, hold on a second. In 30 minutes and Yeah, you guys, well wait a minute.


Hold on a second. Let's clean up a few things here. Nia, if that's even your real name, you're saying that you guys can start drinking at noon and you can go to 4:00 AM and it's no problem right. That you can tolerate it, you're fine. You pace yourselves and are you saying that? Yep. What is, what does he and his family do that's different? Just, I mean, it's less, yeah. Start earlier way earlier, like breakfast early and finish before lunch. Like, And, and, and maybe, okay.


Sean May have a problem. Yeah. This might not be an Irish thing. Yeah, I don't think it's that. I mean, so he's starting at breakfast and then at noon he sort of passes out. Hess Been four years in Spain. He's got a rehab since what? Oh shit. He's been four years in Spain, so already living here with me. So he came along with the culture here and now he's totally fine. Oh, We thought you meant, we thought you meant he went to rehab and suddenly we weren't laughing and it wasn't a joke. But now that we've learned he hasn't gone to rehab, we think it's really funny again, because He's language barrier. And now it's fantastic. Now it's fun when you can laugh about it.


What about, okay, drinking aside, what are other things that maybe were different about the two of you? Do You know what I mean? Yeah. I think that the biggest main thing at the beginning of our relationship was PDA. We don't have that in Spain or Europe. What do you mean? I would Say you don't have public Display of affection. You, you don't show affection publicly. Or you do. We do. We do. And we don't care about what other people think. So it was very violent for him at the beginning. He was raised a part of his life in the Midwest. Oh boy. So, oh yeah. But then he taught me about that and I learned to respect it because it's a cultural difference at the be at the beginning I thought he didn't like me 'cause he was like kind of running me.


Oh no. Let me explain something to you. Hanya. I think it is a very Irish thing, which is we are kind of uptight and we don't show a lot of public displays of affection. Whereas of course I know it's a but you, when I think about Spain, I think of people being very open with their emo You know, with their emotions. And so, and you don't even know what to Do with your hands right now. Oh, you want me to simulate? You wanna No, I don don't. Okay then. But I think you're up trying to find the Word. You can't even do private displays of Affection. He's speaking of Spanish. He's gonna Hanya Hanya.


Let me explain something to you. I've been married for 21 years and my wife has never seen me naked. Never. I, when I take a shower, I'm wearing a business suit. But this is her choice though, right? That she, well, she saw me once and she said, I demand that you wear a five piece suit. I didn't even know what a five piece suit was. But Hanya there is a difference, which is we are more repressed. And I think, but I've learned, I've learned I'm heavily medicated. I also drink a lot. And I live now in, in southern California, and I've changed a little bit. And I think I could talk to Sean and I could help him with his fear of public displays of affection.


Because you're very beautiful woman. I think he should be able to embrace you openly. What Is That? You're so honored. Oh my God. You're holding a tube so Awkward. Well, listen, I'm assuming she's wearing a parka. Yeah, It's cold. Sometimes it gets cold because Is it a hug? Are you hugging? Yeah. Whatcha Are you, whatcha are you doing the high Look? You, I'm sorry, I don't know how to act this out. My god. Nia Oh my god. I'm gonna talk to hugging. Are you finger? No, no, no. You're a very beautiful woman. I was just, I don't wanna put even on your imaginary self. I don't want to get too close because of, I think that's, You know, the whole me too thing.


So I'm being very, I'm showing even an imaginary way. I'm showing a lot of respect and distance and I space. I'm giving you your space. God. But anyway, we Already told counseling what we give for Sean. I think maybe you could show him a little bit the ways What you want me to, he would show you. You want me to show Sean, give him some premarital counseling on how to be more affectionate in public? No. Could be a two way kind of relation where maybe your wife will be also happy that he tells you some tips about it since you're also struggling. No, no, no. We're listen, we're not getting my wife involved in this. Okay. You know, and it's not a two way.


If my wife's involved, listen Nia, I feel for Sean because I know what he's going through. We are an uptight people. And so Yeah, what you're saying is, and I'd like you to actually say this. You think, do you think that I could come and help Sean with his public display of affection issues? I think you'd be very helpful If you, with Sean and his public display of action issues. I Do. Yeah. You think I could maybe help him and coax him to be a little more of a Latin lover, so to speak? Yeah. Like a coach, like kind of a coaching eduardo's laughing really hard. Right? That's okay. I'm getting, I need To hear that We're doing someone that can speak the dead language of Latin.


No, I know exactly what I'm doing and I won't be pulled off track. Okay. Are you idiots?


I need to stay in shape. I need to stay strong. Yeah. Because I've got a lot of fans out there that Yeah, they want me to be funny, but I think they really expect me to be in the best physical shape. That's always what I've been known for. That's Your legacy is being super yoked. Yeah, I am. I I am the yoked comic. Yeah. I think is what I'm known for. There's so many reasons to get or stay strong. Whatever motivates you, reach your fitness goals in a special judgment free environment. Planet Fitness. At Planet Fitness, you'll find best in class equipment for a full body workout. That's what I need. And I'm not one of those guys that just works out most of my body. Yeah. It's gotta be full body, full body from strength training to cardio, to stretching. There are free weights, cable towers, Smith machines, upper and lower body strength machines, treadmills, stair climbers. Or else you can just climb some stairs. Conan, cut it out and don't miss out on the brand new plate loaded machines like hack squats and supine benches. You know, those are great. I like to lie on a supine bench and just eat grapes. Most Planet Fitness locations are open 24 hours so you can work out whenever it fits your schedule. Go at four in the morning If you want. Plus all members have access to free fitness training. And membership starts at just $15 per month. Join today at any convenient location near you online@planetfitness.com or on the free Planet Fitness app. Hours, amenities and offers vary by club. Must be 18 years old to enroll or 13 through 17 with a parent or guardian.


This bracket season FanDuel is letting you make the call. 'cause right now, new customers can get $200 in bonus bets when your first $5 bet wins. You hear me? That's 200 extra binos to bet on. Everything from clutch shots to last second heartbreaks and even who's cutting down the nets. If you've been waiting to join, there's no better time. There's turn action, not slang for tournament almost every day. And FanDuel has amazing be types like spreads totals, game props, and so much more. I know all about this. You do? Oh, I'm a real, it sounds like it. I'm a real Beto. I I'm, I'm excited because Michigan State, which is my team, I I think they're gonna go all the way. They're number one in the big 10. Yes. Yes. Let's go all the way. You know, don't shake your head, Eduardo. Listen, you are all a Michigan all the way. You're always That's right. Ever since I've known you, which is like 20 some odd years. That's right. You've been babbling about Michigan. This Michigan that. You gotta try a Michigan soup. You gotta have Michigan pizza pie. I love it all. And, and, and so Yeah. I say with FanDuel, Michigan State all the way. Let's go baby. Go drink. Yeah. Your favorite murderers are from Michigan. Anyway. That's true also. So visit FanDuel dot com slash conan. Get in on the college hoops action. All turny long turn is short for tournament Must be 21 plus in present in select states for Kansas in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in present in DC. First online Real money wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fan dual.com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Visit md gambling help.org. In Maryland,


A lot of people, when they think about winter snow, You know, snowman, snowball fights. Snowball fights. That's not what I think about. Okay. I think it's a great excuse to gather with friends in crack Open a cold one. Yeah. From basketball and hockey to game night. Winter means more moments with the coolest people in your life. And I've got some Pretty cool people in my life. Like me? No. Oh, not you. Okay. But like my really cool friends. Oh, okay. You know who I get together with, right? I Patch Jones. Oh yeah. All right. He's cool. Yeah. Du Shrimp. I have a lot of very cool friends. RJ Johannes make these moments even better with Miller Light. That's my crew. The great tasting light beer for people who love beer. Miller Lite is brewed for taste. Hello. It's different than other light beers. Other light beers are just like, blah. If you like it, okay. But If you don't go to hell. Yeah. Well, guess what? Not. Miller Light. It's made with simple ingredients like malted barley for rich balanced toffee note flavors, and the iconic golden color. The original light beer since 1975. And still for my money. The best one. Yeah. I remember when I was out with my gang, right? We were all out on our bicycles. Oh yeah. And we were driving around and then we, we pulled over and got a Miller Light, You know, and it was really nice. 'cause it was a lot of people don't think You don't ride a bicycle in the winter. No, but we put snow tires on our bicycles. Okay. Big, big chains. And it was just nice to sit with my friends next to our bicycles that were really heavy with chains and crack open a cold one. You know, Miller Light. Great. Taste 96 calories. Go to Miller light.com/kona to find delivery options near you. Or you can pick up some Miller Light. Pretty much anywhere they sell beer. Yeah. Tastes like Miller Time to me. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories and 3.2 carbs per 12 ounces.


This message is brought to you by BetterHelp. Quick question. Who's your support system? Have they changed your life? You know, it's, it's really important to talk to people. We live in very tense times. Yeah. And there's a lot of stress out there. And it, I think few things work better than talking to someone, getting the anxieties and everything that's inside of you out. Get it out on the table. Think about your favorite leaders, mentors, idols. They don't have all the answers, but they do know when to ask questions or seek support from their community. So therapy can be a source of support for any area of your life. It's time to shift the focus from doing it all to knowing that we're better when we ask for help. You good at that? Sonic good at asking for help. Asking For help. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a very outward Person. That's Yes, you are. Yeah. And it's a good, but that's a good quality. BetterHelp is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide, you can access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credential therapists with a wide range of specialties. Easy switch therapists, anytime at no extra cost. And that's important. Yeah, it is. You don't feel awkward about moving on. It's not the right fit. Yeah. This month BetterHelp is giving you the biggest discount on starting therapy that has ever been offered on this show. 90% off your first week, your wellbeing's worth it. So don't miss it. For a limited time, visit BetterHelp dot com slash conan to get 90% off your first week. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/conan.


So when is this wedding taking place? It's March 15th next year in Ville. Okay. Spain. Very much like to be at that wedding. Oh Boy. You will be very welcome. I think, I don't know what your wedding planner skills are, but I really need help too with my Irish American guests over 30 to navigate the Spanish drinking culture and also chance of fear of displaying affection in our own wedding. Okay. This is what I'm gonna say. I would happily help plan your wedding. Okay. I would do that. I would plan your wedding. And my first, my only recommendation is that the Irish Americans are restrained in their seats and that no alcohol is anywhere near them.


And all the Spanish people can drink as much as they want, but not a drop for these Irish. Okay. Bastards not a drop. And so do You, do you think that's an easy job? I think I can handle it. Let's just say I've been down this road before, so Yeah. I, I I will help, I will help you navigate this because Thank you. I know, I know what you're going through and I, I feel like I have clearly, I understand where Sean is coming from, You know. Okay. He's shy. Yes. He doesn't know about making out in public. What did you, you just, what's wrong with that? No. Did You, did you make up that he is shy? Yeah. She said that might not be a shy person.


Yeah. Wait, he's not shy. He, he Could surprise you. Yeah. Well, I are, you think he's gonna make a pass at me? He might be funnier and pump some jokes. I only like, Ooh. Wow. I thought you were shy. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah. No, I just meant physically that's all physically shy. Oh, I thought you meant like he's a shy person. No, no, no. I just meant physically shy about in public displays of affection. If you're not Well, I having a great time with her. It's you guys. I can't seem to get in sync with, You know, like, you should try reading the research. Huh? What's that? Oh, I wonder this. I don No, it's interesting because with like, for example, like flame dancing is very expressive type of dancing. Yep. And when he dance his flame, he actually does a good job.


Yes. He expresses himself well, but in other fields he doesn't succeed. He doesn't succeed as much. Yeah. Like, like what? Like what other fields? Like so showing real affection like what you said, like physical affection. Yeah. Like In public. In public. Yes. I'm sure. Listen, all Irish men were a little stilted and stuff in public, but in private we are. Come on. We are very passionate. Come on. And I, I, I am I I am sorry. I I am gonna speak up. I Never Heard that. What's that? Never heard that before. And She you've never heard that before? Before. She's engaged to an Irishman.


Yo Heni, I'm not sure I can make this wedding. That's, I wanna help you, but you've gotta work with me here and at least pretend that I'm a very, just pretend that I'm a very sensual man. I've, I've seen you in other stuff. And I think you can pull your sensual self when you want to. For Sure. Yes, yes. No, it's very true. I can be very sensual when the time comes. When it's time. Then I can be quite sensual. The time comes when The appropriate moments has arrived. 7:30 PM time. Touch To be touch and see Alice Saturday night For two minutes.


See, will make sure you're ready when the time comes. All right. Well, well, You know, I, I'm gonna do my best by, by you. Okay. I really would like to try and help you. I'm obviously much older than Sean. I'm a very old man. I'm sure you can see You Don't look that old. I have to be honest. Oh really? You keep yourself in good shape. Yeah. Oh, thank you. I try. Yeah. You can tell I haven't had any work done on my face yet. You Yeah. Suspiciously. You look Suspiciously Healthy. Conan O'Brien Suspiciously Healthy. Wait a minute.


I look Suspiciously Healthy. What do you, You look that John. You do, you do, you do, do you, do you think that I am, I am doing something to my face or to my body? I think it's either Botox or that you're using a lot of sunscreen because of your skin tone and everything, which will be both. But need, well First of all, you need to be, I'll tell you, I've never ever done, never ever done Botox ever in my life because I'm a comedian and I always worried like that for, You know, that stuff freezes up your face. And this thing's my money making. Oh my God. But I don't use a lot of sunscreen. I just have never gone outside in my life. Okay. That explains a lot.


Sexy. Huh? Does Sean go outside much? He does. And he gets burned. That's why he uses a lot of cream sunscreen. Yeah. Yeah. It's always good when a man applies. Many creams. Yeah. It's not sexy at all to wear sunscreen all the time, You know, speaking. Well it's not sexy to say I'll be right with you Hanya for our walk where I never touch you outside. But first I must apply my creams. That's not good. Yeah. Yeah. I wish holding hands. It's actually eye contacted. Like that's probably the first base that you guys need To cover. Wait, he doesn't make eye contact with you? Eye contact. It's hard. Yeah. For him. Have you had his eyesight checked?


Maybe he can't see you. Maybe he's, that's why he's always Playing sunglasses. Maybe he's so drunk by noon, but he doesn't know which you, he at a look at. I love you and I love, oh, I mean, Yeah. Well, is Sean aware of my Tom Foolery? Has he ever listened to the podcast or anything? He has, yeah. He went back to you through me. I brought you back to him. And we, he also is a huge fan. That's nice. That's important for me to know. It's Yeah. Respect Because if he's not a fan, I'm not gonna help him, You know? No, I mean, he can always pretend. But Does he know that you're getting advice about your relationship from Conan on here today?


He's aware. He wishes he could be here with me, but, well, I think he will. Surprising, but I think Hanya I am. I would like to help you. I really would. And I would like to talk to him. 'cause as I say, I know where he is coming from. I used to be, believe it or not, I used to be an uptight Irish guy. But I've changed. I live in Southern California and I've done a lot of work. That's it on my body. I've read the Kama Sutra. Oh boy. God. Yeah. I didn't know it was the Kama Sutra. I thought it was an in-flight manual. And so I thought it was, it is. Yeah. I thought it was what to do in case of a crash. Well, I didn't know why these people were getting together during a plane crash.


But anyway, so, but I, I feel like I could be, and I also would like to get in touch with my, I think I have an inner Latin side. An inner Spanish side that should come out. I think every, not every, but many Irish Americans do have a Latin, repressed Latin soul in them. And when they release them, it's like a very interesting experience. I will get on camera. Yeah. For, yeah. Very good. I'll be recording. Yeah. So you can Well, I, I do not wish my central side to be recorded. We did that once and it's doing very well in Switzerland. It's, it's a film.


It's, I'm trying to live down, but I performed. Well, listen, I wanna thank you for talking to us and I wanna wish you and Sean the best. He's, he's got An thank you so much. What'd you say? I'm just so defeated. Well, I just Looked over at Sona and this is what she was doing. Wait, what's wrong with you? Yeah. What do you mean? What's wrong with me? Why are you defeated? I just don't want, I don't wanna hear so much about your sexual prowess. And I think that it's kind of sad that you're saying so much acting Like I'm only, I'm only talking about it so much. 'cause You know of my failings. Yeah, but you Oh wait, that is sad. That Is sad. Yeah. Yeah. You get very squeamish when women talk about like certain parts of their bodies.


And I, you're gonna go teach this guy about how to be more sexual, which just, it's Just funny. Well, Sona, you're a little Sona Iss a little extreme. She talks about things that normal people don't talk about. Oh, okay. She's very graphic and I don't think, I don't get that sense from Nia Fernandez de Los Jimenez. Okay. You know what I mean? She's, I don't think she's walking around talking about various graphic things. I think she just wants some eye contact and some more little sensuality from her. Man. That's all you want. Yes. Yep. Exactly. And show us again how you're gonna hold her. Got Yeah, yeah. I'm gonna teach him to hold you like this.


Like my god, burping baby. Got it. Like a, like a koala. I'm giving you a eucalyptus leaf. Oh, And that's the, yeah. Okay. Oh, you went, oh, that's interesting. Wasn't that kind of sensual? The eucalyptus Leaf? You learned that in Kama Sutra. It's the, The special Australian Edition. Yes. Well, Hanya, I love talking to you. Congratulations on your upcoming Thank you. I love this word nuptials. And tell, tell Sean that Conan says hey And Conan's gonna help him. Thank you so much, Conan. Thank you so much guys. Nice to meet you all. Bye. Bye-Bye. See you later. Bye-Bye.


Bye. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sacks, Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer Aren Blair, associate talent producer, Jennifer Samples, associate producers Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan.


Please rate review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan wherever fine podcasts are down.


What Are some of your favorite brands? Mother Barley Zup Supply, RS two. We are Everif the women's fashion retailer that loves all the brands you do. So they're always here, which you love. You'll also love 10% off at everif.com/podcast. Do we know you or what?


Hear That Spring is here. And the Home Depot has great prices on grills to make this season yours. So if you're working on improving your hosting skills, you're going to want the next Grill, four Burner Gas Grill for $229. And of course, pair it with the next Grill eight piece Grill tool set. Now get outside and show off those new skills. Shop a wide selection of grills under $300 at the Home Depot.