
You know what's nice? In the old days, if you wanted a cinematic experience, you had to go to the movie theater. Yeah. You had to get your ass to a movie theater. Not anymore. With Samsung Ed, you get a full cinematic experience without leaving your couch. There's actually a brand new Samsung ed here in Team Coco studio, and it's tough to say. Focused on podcasting. When the picture quality is this good. I'm always losing track. Oh, I'm supposed to be interviewing one of the great people in history. And I. Start drifting away from them. I've noticed, because I'm looking at the amazing picture on the Samsung oled. Yeah, You dropped the ball a lot. Yeah, maybe. Yeah. Yeah. The AI powered processor upscales your favorite content in brilliant 4K resolution. you get to experience colors on a TV as they're meant to be seen, because this is the only OLED TV validated by the industry leading color experts at Pantone Plus on OLED S 95 D, you get OLED glare free technology so you can watch everything you love with nearly no glare. I can't stand glare. And I. Hear you. When there's glare. I can't even see the picture. Yeah, gamers, picture gamers. You're covered too. Hey, gamers. Don't worry. What's that? Gamers, you're covered too. Oh, really? Yes. Motion Accelerator 144 Hertz delivers ultra smooth motion and AI auto game mode tailors your game settings to its genre. Speaking of gaming, you know we're gonna be filming another Clueless gamer play. What game are we playing this time? I Like to surprise you. So don don't wanna tell you. We're also narrowing the games down. So if you out there have an idea of a game you want us to play, go to Team Coco podcast on Instagram and leave us a comment and we might pick that game. Can't wait to see how great this game looks on the Samsung OLED tv. And I'm just gonna add, it's AI powered upscaling. That's right. Stay tuned for the next clueless gamer releasing late November experience TV the way it's meant to be seen with Samsung oled. Visit samsung.com/oled to learn more. Upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experiences may vary according to types of content and format.


Since 1912, LL Bean's been the leading expert in making quality outdoor gear that last Wow. 1912. You know what happened in 1912? What? Titanic sinks. Oh, that's, that's a great way to tie that into the LB Ad. I'm just, and Fenway Park opens. Oh, okay. In Boston, that's more cheerful. Well, I'm just saying, What do you Saying two things, two very memorable things happened. Oh, that's a long time ago. 1912. This year, LLB is celebrating the 80th anniversary of the original bean boat and tote bag first introduced in 1944. Oh. D-Day happened in 1944. Come on. No one's gonna advertise anymore. You can't talk. Italy was liberated. Okay. That's better. Anyway. First introduced in 1944 as an ice carrier for getting your ice from car to chest. This iconic canvas tote is still made in Maine from the same ironclad material commonly used in conveyor belts. Hmm. Wow. That's cool. Today, this heavy duty carry all can be carried everywhere for just about, about anything. Groceries, travel, carry on holiday, gift bag, beach bag, even firewood. That's a cool bag. Shop the original boat and tote at ll bean.com/icons.


Hey, Conan here with some very exciting news. And. I. Don't use that term lightly. Yes, I did. Anyway. I've been doing something on SiriusXM for a while called The Conan and Jordan Show, and people have been enjoying it. So now we are bringing it to the Conan O'Brien needs a friend podcast feed, and it's just what it sounds like every month. You can listen as Jordan Schlansky And I, explore our very strange relationship, get to know each other deeper than ever before. It's as horrifying as it sounds. So we're gonna play you one of those episodes right now. An episode of The Conan and Jordan Show And I. Hope you enjoy it. There were eight of them. You can listen to all eight episodes of The Conan and Jordan Show whenever you want on the SiriusXM app.


Just search Conan. but I wanted you to get started right now and, and hear one. If you enjoy whatever weird chemistry Jordan And I have, you can listen to that right now. And then keep listening if you want, because we think we're gonna be dropping more into our podcast feed as time goes on. So without further ado, I bring you The Conan and Jordan Show. Eduardo, hit that music A Monday. Warrior mean mean stride. Today's time saw you mean mean pride. Okay. That's, that's more than enough.


We played that song, Jordan, because that is one of your favorite bands of all time, isn't it Rush? It is. Yeah. Are we calling this The Conan and Jordan Show? That's the official title. Yeah, that's what you came up with. I didn't come up with it. I'm just saying it's, it's descriptive. I mean, there's no doubt as to what the show is, but I just would've thought, this is news to me. I just would've thought that there would be a more clever title. but I, you don't need it, but you can go with it clearly, if that's what you've decided. You Don't need a clever title. Yeah. People know our chemistry. I Don't disagree. I was just wondering what the thought process was. I don't disagree means I agree. Yes, it does. So I mean, I One would argue that there's a subtle distinction.


Nevertheless, one would argue Means you're arguing. Right? So I'm just gonna, I, I speak Jordan. Okay. So let me just say that you agree that it's a great name. The Conan and Jordan Show. Of course, I have to get top billing because I am the star and you are the guy who works for me in a very nebulous way. Okay. Doing God knows what and filling your pockets But. anyway, how Did you enjoy your theme song. That was a great song. I'm surprised that you have the music rights to use it. One of the many things that you don't acknowledge that I've done was deal with music rights. Is that what You did on the show? What you doing? I asked, asked you for years Did. you Did, you did stuff with music Rights. You do realize that while it's a great song, and it's great for this operation, don don't know what we're calling this radio show.


It's limiting the distribution of said show. You're gonna wanna distribute the show in certain ways, but you've got that rush theme song. don. Don't think that's gonna, wait a minute, Does this limit it in any way, Mr. Gru? No, we're good. We're good. You don know what your future is. No, this is serious. This is serious radio. You have to leave your options open for Future. Listen, Jordan, not with this show. I don't. Okay. Lemme promise you, there's no way anyone's gonna say, how do I get this on vinyl? I must have a reproduction. They're not, they don't know they're not gonna want this. It's gonna live on serious radio where we're allowed to play any rush song you want.


What are the other ones you like? Oh, well, I, the Rush has many different periods. What's The one that I used to sort of try and sing? Limelight. That was track. And How does it go? Yeah. Living on a lighted stage approaches the unit living On stage. Was that kind of, is that a Getty lead you think? That is not what I expected this show to be. You singing in a falsetto tone was not how I That Was an accurate Getty. That was an accurate Getty Lee. It was not inaccurate. That means it was Accurate in a roundabout way. I I argue that there is, once again, Stage Isn't, it, isn't something like that.


Right. That's his general register. Yeah. Yeah. How pleasing Do the ear look for your rush fans out there? No offense, but Jordan, I'm glad you're a big fan of theirs. And through my fame, you actually got to know the band a little bit, didn't you? I Did. Yes, I did. So Maybe a thank you. Yeah, thank you. You I've, I've been able to benefit in certain ways from your own celebrity, which I feel is deserved. Because you have to remember that your celebrity is a product of the work of the many people that are here in this very room and beyond. I don't see it that way. We have worked I do not see it that way. While The finances don't necessarily reflect that. The truth of the matter is, this is not a one man operation.


This was a group effort. Well, First of all, I'm not saying it was a one man operation. I'm just saying that once a millennia, a figure comes along a Mozart a a Socrates, and they Socrates, What'd you say? Socrates, in the original ancient Greek pronunciation. What Are you fucking talking about? No one knows how the ancient Greeks Pronounce that. I I know how it's pronounced. Oh, now everyone listening knows how it's pronounced. Sos Socrates. Wait a minute. How do you know how the ancient Greek spoke? Ancient Greek influenced other languages. We can trace the lineage back by studying other ancient languages. So This is now don, don't think you're right about any of this.


First of all, congratulations on inventing a time machine. May I see it? Can I, can I get inside your time Machine? Well, I understand there are people that study the past. You don't need to travel back to The past. But we don't know how they pronounced. We don't know how they pronounce Socrates. You don't know how they pronounce Socrates. I know how they pronounce. You don't know how they pronounce Socra. I just said how they pronounce Socrates. No, that's not true. You no one can possibly know how they pronounced it. There's no phonographic evidence who A photograph doesn't represent how something is pronounced. Anyway, I'm telling you, there are People that was a little trick to see if you were paying attention. I mean, when I say phono, I'm, I'm talking about the audio.


There are linguists, not photo Linguist comes from the Latin lingua, which means the tongue. Also from the Italian. Hey, can I do something or I know what you I know where you're taking this I know where you're taking this, which is oral sex. And. I. Think it's disgusting. And no one wants to hear you go on and on about tongues and linguist and you know, going down and all that kind of, it's garbage. It's just garbage. That's not the way anyone should be Pleasured. It's disgusting. It's not described in the Old Testament. And. I won't have it. So, Socrates, sorry, what was that? I played Google Google's pronunciation of Socrates. Thank you, Eduardo. When it said Socrates, That was, that was an, an incorrect pronunciation. Wait, you're arguing with Google now?


I'm not arguing with Google is, I'm not arguing because I know my position. My position is it's tis. And that's as, that's as far as I'll go with it. But what Can I ask you? Something you have, your Interpretation does not change reality. You don't have A PhD in shit, doctor. It comes from the Latin dore or in the ecclesiastical pronunciation. Dote, which means to teach, which in fact is what we are doing here. We are teaching. You just say shit. No. And you say it with great authority. And then we're all supposed to say, yeah. Yeah, I guess so. I don't, but I, Just say anything. Listen. but I, I look into your past And, I realize you're some shmo. You're just some guy. You're just a guy. You're just a guy. I don't disagree.


And you say, I'm a guy Who knows. Ate, how do you say Dore and Dore and sos and ess. How do you say spaghetti? Spaghetti means little strings. There's spago, which means a string. There's s which is a little string. And then there's the plural spaghetti. Can I just point out to people? Yeah. This is our first episode. But to people listening to The Conan and Jordan Show, when I, when you, when I'm not speaking and Jordan is, you should, if you don't have access to the audio, just know that I'm holding my head. I'm just, my head is down and I'm holding it. And I'm sad. And I'm sad. And that's just something for you to know as you're driving along listening to this.


Well, Jordan, I have to say you And I in the past. Have you, can people watch these on YouTube? All the time. And on our various sites, they watch the adventures we've had where you shoot off your mouth about your expertise on say, where the Karate Kid sequel was shot. And then I prove you to be wrong. And you've been proven wrong about several things. Some of the things maybe in, in Italy, you were incorrect about certain word usages. Oh, is that true? Yeah. You were, you actually lectured me about how no one, I wanted to have a red wine with my pizza. Remember that? And you said, no one has red wine with their pizza here.


You're supposed to have a beer. And then I asked the waiter who served me in Naples, what do you have with your pizza? Right? And he said, wine. Yeah. And. I saw a little part of you die. Yeah. No one is a euphemism. I did not mean no human being in Italy would ever drink red wine with pizza. I just meant it generally in general consumed. Well, What a coincidence that the one guy who did Yeah, happened to be a waiter at the pizza Restaurant. He worked in the food industry. Of course he has. He may have different habits than the average diner. He's an expert. I'm not responsible for his preferences. He's an expert. I'm only stating facts, Keith, as I have observed that such fact. I'm not an expert on this particular waiter's eating preferences. I'm chewing my mic cord right now.


Go on. What else was I incorrect about? You've got a list. No, don, Don't have a list of what You're looking at. A piece of paper tapping it. You're looking down. When you come up with a new subject. Go ahead. What's next on the list? You are Nixon in 74. You are cornered. You know it's over. You're sweating and you're babbling on television. I resigned today. Effective immediately. Don't hate your enemies. When you hate them. They win I. don, no I. do not I know the serious, serious demographic. but I do know this. They are not familiar with the voice of Richard Nixon. Okay, well that's, I think condescending. 'cause I always assume that I'm not even familiar with the voice of Richard Nixon.


I'm a 50-year-old man. Oh, So you don't know about a president of the United States I know who, who was a president named Richard Nixon, who Lived pretty much in your lifetime. Yeah. Okay. You don't know about you don't know anything about that guy. I Know things about it. But you know that, That Socrates' name 2,003,000 years ago was the ate. And that's How people pronounce it. That's relevant. That has relevance today. Go ahead. Do do some more impressions of historical figures from the middle of the century. What did Eisenhower sound like today? December 7th, 1941. A day that will live an me. Who was that? Truman. That's Franklin Roosevelt. You son of a bitch.


You know? Unbelievable. So you know Socrates. Yeah. But you don't know about who was president when Pearl Harbor was attacked. You Have a particular interest in presidential history. Let's not pretend that your average listener shares that interest with you. You're right. I should assume that they all share your interest, which is that Socrates, all of us have been saying it wrong all these times. You know what? I'm not gonna stand by as you mispronounce the names of incredible figures from ancient history. Hey, Jordan, how annoying was it for Socrates? He was probably walking around and people were like, Hey, Socrates, I got a question. He was like, It's Socra. Take it easy. Socrates. I Said, it's SOEs Man.


You are one uptight philosopher. How do you say Play-Doh? Please say it. Plato. Oh, you fucking son of a bitch. So Goofy's dog is named Plato. I'm not familiar with Goofy's dog. That's not my specialty. I, I'm, I have a cursory knowledge of Disney. I didn't know, like, is it Goofy? Is a Dog I know? He had another dog. You know what? Sick. A dog has a dog for a pet. Don't you think that's disgusting? I think it's one of the sickest things about Disney. What dog keeps another dog as a pet? That's wrong. And you know what? I think this is terrible. And. I.


You know who would agree with me? Sos and Plateau. They'd agree with me. Yeah. Pluto the dog. They never figured out why Goofy was able to speak. P excuse wasn't, Excuse me, it's Goff. Oh man. Torpedo amid ships. The explosion could be seen for miles. I hit you right where the torpedoes are stored. Oh my God. God, you're sinking to the briny deep right now. Your ship. So The torpedo exploded. The other torpedoes? Yes. Okay. And I fired a torpedo Compound explosion. I torpedo, I fired a torpedo And. it managed to just hit where the munitions are stored. Ready? There Were shells And. it needs torpedo. It wouldn't hit its own torpedo storage room.


No. Hit the enemy's torpedo storage room, Please. We don't have time to gum up the first Conan and Jordan show. You should be. What is the command structure of the show? Is this, we just speak equally. Are you in the command position? What do you like? I don't understand the layout. I was not given any information. I was called into this room. I didn't know the name of the show. Can I say something? Did I have any input? If it, In 25 years, you've never told me what the fuck it is you do at my show. And now you're complaining that I'm not giving you adequate information. That's not my responsibility. But what could have been my responsibility to decide a name for the show that might have a bit of irony or cleverness to it? I mean, how long did it take you to come up with the Conan and Jordan, that name Frank, Frank Smiley came up with it.


Did. you Even consider anything Else? The producer of the show. Frank Smiley. That That was no other. That was, Yeah, that's it. It's just, listen, it's, it's the, it's fine. No one needs it. Be Clever. I'm not saying it's not fine. I was just curious. Did, you have curious Did you have a, an idea For No, I don't. I am not having a, I don't have a problem with the name. I was just curious how much thought is put into this operation. I feel like this is a low value operation for the company. You've got 24 hours to fill on this satellite channel, this serious radio channel. What do we get? Like a half hour? What is, what is the devote, what is the percentage of resources that's devoted to the show? Jordan, let me explain something to you. If you are here and you have a microphone in front of you. Yes. This is low value.


That is the dictionary definition of low audio value. How are you, by the way, Are we going to make small talk now? I'm happy to make small talk. I how are you? Fine. How I'm, I'm I'm trying to Yes. I'm trying to, we got into a bit of a quarrel and that happens with us often. Would you agree? I mean, it depends how you define quarrel. Let's call it a debate. Okay. Why? Why not just say yes? Let's call it a conversation for that matter. Okay. But why not just agree with Me? I mean, you don't leave upset, you don't leave the experience upset. I'm guessing this is rewarding for you as you a human interaction. You've Upset me in the past. I find, I mean, we're two humans and we run the range of human emotion as they are.


You sure? You're human? Because a computer doesn't know it's a computer. Do you know what I mean? That's not necessarily true. It's potentially true. What I'm saying is, everyone's afraid of ai and they talk about, oh my God, ai ai, what are we gonna do? And I've been telling everyone, I've been living with AI for 25 years, his name is Jordan Schlansky. Your intelligence, by the way, is artificial. You don't know about the things you're talking about. You really don't. And I know that you have some basic awareness, but you're always telling me what Thank you. The Latin root is of something you're always telling me. That's interesting. That's etymology But it.


But Is it accurate? Do you, do you read books to get this information? Do you go online? How do you get this information? Or do you just make it up? The Venue by which I educate myself, I don't find particularly interesting. Yeah, it's probably a combination of books. What you know is the internet, human conversation, the audio, audio material. Clearly when learning about pronunciations, whether it's in the classical, so that's restored Latin or ecclesiastical Latin, you sometimes you wanna hear the audio. A book's not gonna really convey it. So you've heard tapes where they say Sos Yeah. And Plateau. Yeah. I I can't tell you that it was a tape But. it was an audio recording. Could you cite one of those? Lu Rani? He's a gentleman on YouTube.


And I. Think It's Rani. He, his name is Italian in Origin. And so it would be on Yai. Yeah. But Then he moved to Jersey. He has a great YouTube channel where he talks about classical Latin versus ecclesiastical Latin. Mm. I You might, if you're interested in these things, Nope. I may listen to not at all. President, former President Richard Nixon one day, based on your impression, curiosity as to its accuracy. You might want to hear ancient pronunciations of historical figures. Do you know how to pronounce Caesar? I mean, don't you find it interesting? We use the word Caesar. I'm gonna guess yes. I'm gonna guess that Caesar isn't the way we say it. I'm gonna guess when I say like a Caesar salad or, Hey, Caesar just got stabbed by Brutus.


I'm sorry. Brutus. What would you say? Tus. Oh, for Christ's sake. Yeah. I'm gonna say that you, I'm gonna make up something. It sounds, I'm gonna gonna guess how you pronounce Caesar. It's gonna be offputting and not true. Let's see. Chahar. A chahar is in fact the ecclesiastical pronunciation. Congratulations. You grew up in religious settings. And that was how they would pronou No, never said Caesar. I went to No, that was how they would've pronounced it. But of course the original classical Latin during his actual time was Gaza All. right. You're an idiot. I have to change the topic because I am getting upset. And, I don't want to, but you keep saying ecclesiastical. Mm.


And no one says Cesar instead of Caesar. Nobody In Italian. It's cha day. So I say chea. Eh? Do you say I'll have a che Our salad? No, I, I don't order that dish. That's a, an American dish. And I don't. If I'm gonna get a salad, I take it the European way. don, don't I hear you. Take it. I hear you. Take it the European way. You know why that's funny? Is it a reference to anal sex? Oh my God. That's not what I meant. What Else could it be? That's not what I meant at all. I said I hear you. Take it the Italian way. Meaning when you're ordering Italian food, you probably like it with an Italian pronunciation.


don Don Don't know why you went to anal sex and why You always seem to I have no response. I I, I understand that You don't know why, but that's, that's the, that's the sentence I'm just writing down. Conan wins another one. Conan wins another one. It's going very well. We're gonna take a little break and when we come back, Jordan, and I'll be taking some phone calls.


I think I'm a pretty chill person. Sona. But there's one thing that freaks me out. Yeah. When I have to wait a long time for Furniture I know You ever have that happen? All the time. If you hate waiting for furniture. Have you met all modern? I have. Yeah. Aren't they great? I Really actually, I, I'm, I really like all Modern. All modern brings you the best of modern furniture. And they deliver it for free in days, not weeks. Days. Waiting weeks for your order to arrive isn't ideal. Especially when you've just moved. You wanna be sitting around in an empty apartment? No. Get your sofa. ASAP. That means as soon as possible. Thanks. From all modern and sit comfortably while building out the rest of your space. That's modern made simple. Let me explain at all. Modern, you'll find only the best of modern styles. From Scandy to mid-century minimalist to Maximalist. Every piece is hand vetted for quality and designed for real life. Shop the best of modern outdoor furniture, Thomas Decor and everything in between. Find timeless designs in every style that fold function and fun all at once. From small decor swaps to full room revamps all modern has you covered Baby Shop online@allmodern.com or visit them in store in Linfield and Dham, Massachusetts. Hey, I was a summer camp counselor in Dedham. So cool. Or in Austin, Texas where I wasn't a summer camp counselor.


You know what's nice? In the old days, if you wanted a cinematic experience, you had to go to the movie theater. Yeah. You had to get your ass to a movie theater. Not anymore. With Samsung Ole, you get a full cinematic experience without leaving your couch. There's actually a brand new Samsung ole here in Team Coco studio. And it's tough to say. Focused on podcasting. When the picture quality is this good, I'm always losing track. Oh, I'm supposed to be interviewing one of the great people in history. And I. Start drifting away from them. I've noticed, because I'm looking at the amazing picture on the Samsung Ole. Yeah, you dropped the ball a lot. Yeah, maybe. Yeah. Yeah. The AI powered processor upscales your favorite content in brilliant 4K resolution. you get to experience colors on a TV as they're meant to be seen. Because this is the only OLED TV validated by the industry leading color experts at Pantone Plus on OLED S 95 D, you get OLED glare free technologies. You can watch everything you love with nearly no glare. I can't stand glare. I hear you. When there's glare. I can't even see the picture. Yeah. Gamers, dpic depiction gamers. You're covered too. Hey gamers. Don't worry. What's that? Gamers, you're covered too. Oh really? Yes. Motion Accelerator 144 Hertz delivers ultra smooth motion and AI auto game mode. Tailor is your game settings to its genre. Speaking of gaming, you know we're gonna be filming another clueless gamer play. What game are we playing this time? I like To surprise you, so I don't wanna tell you. We're also narrowing the games down. So if you out there have an idea of a game you want us to play, go to Team Coco podcast on Instagram and leave us a comment. And we might pick that game. Can't wait to see how great this game looks on the Samsung OLED tv. And I'm just gonna add, it's AI powered upscaling. That's right. Stay tuned for the next Clue Gamer releasing late November experience TV the way it's meant to be seen with Samsung oled. Visit samsung.com/ed to learn more. Upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experiences may vary according to types of content and format.


As a B2B marketer, you know how noisy the ad space can be. Yeah. If your message isn't targeted, it just the right audience, it just disappears into the noise. Like throwing a little piece of popcorn into the sun. Yes. It's gone. It's hard to B2B these days. Exactly. With LinkedIn ads, you can precisely reach the professionals who are more likely to find your ad relevant, not just going to anybody targeted. Yeah. With LinkedIn's targeting capabilities, you can reach them by job title, industry, company, and more you'll have direct access to and build relationships with decision makers. A billion members. Hello. Stand out with LinkedIn ads and start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. You know what B2B means? No business to business. Oh yeah. It's not two Bs meeting each other. Oh. It's not like little B and another little B. It's B2B. Nope. Business to business. Start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. They'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco to claim your credit. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions supply LinkedIn the place to be, to be.


Hey, we're back. I'm here with my co-host, Jordan Schlansky. We're gonna take some callers now. And these are people that have questions for you, Jordan. Okay. Okay. The first one is Danny. Danny, are you there? Hi. Yes I am. Hey Danny. You are here. This is Conan O'Brien. And you are, what part of Connecticut are you in, sir? Actually, I just moved back to my hometown in Massachusetts. So I'm calling you tonight from Massachusetts. Where in Massachusetts, sir? It's a small town in western Massachusetts called Peter Sam. Okay. I'm from Brookline, mass, And I'm a fan of Tanglewood in Lee Lennox area. That's Jordan, by the way. Danny I can see Cheers. I can see I can see you really perked up when he mentioned Tanglewood.


Yeah, he's offputting Danny. I'm just telling you that I'm somewhat familiar with, you know, Sturbridge, Worcester? And, I. I'm somewhat familiar with Western Mass. Yeah. Tanglewood you said. 'cause that's where you can go and watch a guy wave a baton around in the air, the Mass pike. Yeah. Anyway, Danny, All the hotspots. Yeah. Yeah. And this guy likes to go hang up by the highway. He likes to watch the toll booth people, he likes to watch the easy pass, do its thing. Hey Danny, you had a question for Jordan? What's the question? I do? My question is, Jordan, have you used cannabis? No. I do not use cannabis. I find myself fulfilled by my own internal explorations.


I don't need foreign objects or foreign stimulation in that respect. But that said, I have no judge, certainly no judgments against anyone that does use it. I do believe there are probably some benefits for me there, but I just have not explored it yet. Well, Danny, stay on the line because I don't wanna be alone with this guy. Danny, first of all, stay there. Jordan, do you think cannabis is the correct pronunciation? Yeah. Okay. So Danny says something and it's fine. If I said it, you'd be like, it's Kaaba. Well, If he said Socrates, it wouldn't be fine. Danny Did. you say Socrates or do you say Socrates? I would say Socrates. Thank you, sir.


You're a good man. Yeah, that's, that's good. So now Danny, why Did? you ask Jordan if he used cannabis. What was the origin of that question? Oh, well, I've been a big fan for a long time of, of both of you. I've watched a lot of your, your videos on YouTube and podcasts and everything. And Well, I've, I've followed Jordan for a long time, and as somebody who got a lot of benefit out of, out of using cannabis, I thought maybe, maybe that's what he needs. Oh, this is interesting. Danny Jordan, what do you think? Here's someone who has a good sense of who you are. Who's saying you might wanna try some cannabis?


I, I am. I don't know that I need anything. Nevertheless, maybe there are some benefit for me. I have not tried it yet. As, as I have not tried many substances. I certainly don't need cannabis to generate free thought. I'm not a victim of limited thinking. No, no. I'm a deep thinker. Okay. That's what deep thinkers say. they go around shouting. Of course. That's What they say. Because they're self-aware. That's what Socratic said. You don. I'm a deep thinker over here, Denny. Oh yeah. I think you can see the biggest question I get is, is Jordan real? And I Always tell them, I swear to God, he he's real. He really is this guy. And sometimes I can sense that they don't believe me.


Danny, do you believe now I do I I believe it. I was a little skeptical myself, but I, I see it. I See it now. I haven't seen him in quite a while. We bring him in, we start talking everything. You're, I, I mean, unbelievable. Absolutely unbelievable. You are real. And the world needs to know Kong exists. Kong exists and will be displayed. Danny, thank you very much. I'm gonna move on to the next caller. But. it was nice talking to you. Thank you. Danny All. right. Let's, thank you. Let's move on to our next caller. Now our next caller is Esther from Los Angeles. Esther, are you there? Hi. Sorry that took a minute. I'm here. Oh, Hi Esther. How are you?


Good, how are you? I'm good. This is Conan O'Brien and this is The Conan and Jordan Show. You know, this is the first episode and maybe the last, 'cause I want to kill him right now. We've been in each other's throats for the better part of an hour. But Esther, I understand that you had a question for Jordan. First, let me ask you, where are you in Los Angeles? I work in Santa Monica, but I live in Long Beach. Very nice. I'm from n Pomo, California. Beautiful. And what do you do? I work at a private school here in Santa Monica. Oh, Very cool. Very good for you. I love Santa Monica. It's gorgeous down there. Esther, I understand you have a question.


Are you familiar with Jordan Slansky? I am. Ah, Okay. My apologies. Esther, do you have a question for Jordan? He's right here and he is, he's an open book. Okay. My question for you, Jordan, thank you again for taking my call. Thank you. Were you scared of anything as a child? And if so, are you still? That's a great question. I love that question. Esther, were you scared of anything as a child? And if so, are you still? I don't have any irrational fears that I can remember. I would be scared of things that any human being would be scared of, the force of gravity, sharp objects. But if I were to think about a like, recurring nightmare, right?


There's always been the loss of teeth, although I've never lost an adult tooth and plane crashing. But I'm not afraid to be on a plane. I'm, I'm, I have nightmares about being on the ground and watching a plane crash. Wait, what's scary about that? you get to shoot it But. It's certainly not a pleasant experience. Empathy. you Get to shoot it with your phone empathy, sell it to C, have empathy for human beings and to know that human life was in inevitably lost in the procedure. I find that scary procedure. Yeah. The procedure of the plane crashing. Who calls a plane crash of procedure? I call it a procedure. Okay. The event you'll make fun of like the, you know, the Zep Zeppelin tragedy from decades ago, but I understand that lies were lost.


What are you Talking About? The hindenberg tragedy? I don't make make fun of that. I'm just saying I Never have. I'm just saying you do the radio broadcast. Why Would would I not, why would that be funny? Yeah, That's my question. You do the radio, play the tape. You do the radio of the guy in the forties. 'cause you got that voice. It was actually the thirties. Yeah. Okay. So do it. It was late Christian jersey. Go ahead, let's hear it. I don don't, I would not, I don't find that funny at All. Are you denying that you've done the voice? I totally deny it. I think it's terrible. Okay. I Think it's terrible telling You it's a terrible tragedy. I'm telling You've done the, you've done the voice. No. That, that Zeppelin made in. Well, I think Hitler's Germany crashed. And I. Yeah, go ahead. It's a terrible tragedy. Yeah. So I don Dunno what you're talking about. Let's get back to Esther's question. She asked you, were you, were you afraid of anything as a kid?


Just before you start talking, just close your eyes and think, take me back to Your I. do think, unless otherwise specified, I'm a deep thinker. Unless you hear otherwise, you can assume that anything I say I've thought deeply about. Okay. I'm not someone that just blurts things out. Do you understand? My mind is a factory. My mind is working at breakneck speed. I did consider, I considered the question. I don't feel like I had any unusually prominent fears. I, but I told you my nightmares, which was the best answer. I can come up with loss Of teeth, I think means something. Eduardo, maybe. Maybe. Look that up. Eduardo has access to what I refer Google, what I refer to as the internet. Yeah. Earlier you said what you refer as the internet.


Yes. Freak loss of teeth means something. Yeah. And Eduardo's not gonna tell us, says It could mean from a major life change to lack of self-esteem from the fear of getting older to money issues from symbolizing, rebirth, regretting something you've said. So it it, that's all that it could mean. What rings to me is lack of self-esteem. And I'm just gonna say, and this is just a stab, but people that constantly assert their knowledge and say things like, I'm a deep thinker over and over and over again. Maybe you're worried that they are missing something. Maybe they're worried on some level. It's called overcompensation.


I am it's called, and maybe I'm not. Terrific. Esther? Yes. Are you still there? I know, I can't believe you're a very patient teacher. I have to say you're very, you're a saint for sitting through that. Do you think you got an adequate answer from Jordan? And don't be afraid to tell us the truth. Don don't have the word as adequate, but it's exactly what I expected, so I expect nothing less. Right? Right. You went up to a broken pinball machine and had the experience you thought you were going to have. Well, Esther, thank you very much. And I quick note from me, thank you for I, I think what teachers do is so important and so amazing and you sound like a cool person.


So thank you for all that you do. Yeah, thank you. I appreciate All. right. Appreciate. Take care, Esther. Thank You Esther. You too. Yeah, and Jordan says thank you too. She heard. Okay. All. right. Moving on. We have another caller. This gentleman is named Dan Gersky. He's from Fallbrook, Montana. Dan Gersky, are you on the line? I'm here with Jordan Schlansky. Yeah. Hi guys. Hey. Hey Conan. Hey Dan. It's just Conan, not Conan. Hey Dan. How are you? I'm doing well, thanks. Doing well. Thanks. Do you have a It's Ky it's Gersky. GU not GE Sr. SKI Not Y.


Yeah, I got it. G-E-R-S-K-Y-G-U-R-G-E-R-S-K-Y-G-U. Not ERS Oh GU. Dan, you. I not I Dan do you understand that it's pronounced the same, so Yeah. I know, but the Spelling, you corrected me. The spelling is, the spelling is quite different. And I know your producer was getting it wrong a lot, so I just wanted to clarify that. Okay. Dan? I've never said his name. I've never written it. I've never said it, never even heard it. Did He? Don't know. I don't think you were producer. No, I think you're Oh, a different producer. I think you were talking about a different producer. Oh, okay. We established just now that Jordan probably feels, I'm sorry, inadequate. And, and he dreams a lot about losing his teeth and we realized that that means inadequacy.


And that's why when they said that maybe a producer made a mistake, he thought we were talking about him. Even though no one said you, Jordan, There are two of us here. I'm sorry. One of us is a Producer. No. Frank Smiley is here. Producer. Yeah. You know, so No, that Was, that was my mistake. I apologize Mr. Gersky. Okay. Anyway, you're calling from Montana and do you have a question for George Schlansky? Yeah, I mean, I'm not even sure this is the right outlet for my, my question. I mean, I mean, I, I never, I'm a first time caller on the show and a first time listener haven haven't listened to it before, so. Well, this is the first episode we've, we've done of the show. The Conan and Jordan Show. So we've never done one before. And, and quite frankly, I'm not sure we'll ever do another one.


I'm seconds from bashing his face in Oh my. With a mallet. Yeah. But do you have a question? This is leaning More and more. What's That? Yeah, my question is, it's, again, I don't know if this is the right outlet. I live in Fallbrook, Montana, about 123 miles outside of Missoula. Oh, okay. And yeah, population of 20, I think 29,000 Small town. Huh. but I have an opportunity to work in Ramper garage and towing. It's a, it's a, it's like one of the two garages we have in our town, you know, it's reputable. Yeah. And they asked if I have any, you know, electric car or just newer car experience and they're all computerized now.


And you know, I have, I have some knowledge, but mostly I, you know, I work with the older cars. I have ratchet wrenches and stuff, but I mean, I don't even know. I guess my question is, how long can I fool them without my knowledge? I mean, Have the, oh, I see. You're being asked. I see. Modern cars of course have very complex electronic systems. And you're an old school guy, Dan. You've got the socket wrenches, the ball peeing, hammers. You've got all the, the tools that people could use to work on cars in the fifties and sixties, maybe even into the seventies. But then it gets tricky. So the question, Yeah, I mean, like, I don't know. I don't know if, like, is the air pressure in the tires the same with like a computerized vehicle or do they fill themselves with it?


I don't wanna like start pumping air into a tire. Do you wanna take care of this? Oh, Like a 35 PSI pounds per square inch. But I'll tell you this, I Oh, Thanks for saying that PSI is pounds per square inch. don Don't assume that everyone knows these abbreviations. I think people overuse abbreviations and acronyms. Do you know what laser stands for? You know what Raider stands for Nonetheless? Dan, do you know what those things stand for? Guys, Guys, I'm just, I'm just trying to call to get a hang on a minute. Okay. Oh, I see. Oh. Oh, Dan, you're under the gun. I understand you've got a car you're working on, on I, I I, I don't know about the PSI stuff, you know, I'm not measuring inches and you know, the weight of the oxygen and per square. Yeah. but I, I'm just kind of curious about, you know, is there, is there something I can do in a garage?


Is there something that he can do in a garage with his limited knowledge? With my tools? With his tools? With my tools. Got tools. Yeah, because I don't wanna be don don't wanna be, you know, jerking this guy around in this chain and not kind of know how to, You don't say jerking this guy on his chain. You just say jerking his chain, Dan. Not, not here in Fallbrook. Oh, no, no. It's all different here. Wait, in Fallbrook you say jerking a guy around on his chain. That's one of the things we say around here, But. it is. That's for sure. You, you've never been to Fallbrook, I'll tell you that. No, I have not. I've been to Missoula, I've been to Missoula. Dan. Yeah, Missoula's. Missoula's another animal of a different kind man.


You're parking up the wrong dog there. Okay. Well, Dan, I guess what you're asking, and Jordan is, if you're not familiar, I mean maybe Jordan, do you think he should be working with, first of all, I I, here's my answer for Dan All. right. Listen, I respect tradesmen more than most people would realize. I think that some tradesmen are masters of their craft. I had a Mazda RX seven in the nineties, And, it had a hole in the muffler. I needed. No, Look. Look, Jason, I appreciate, you know, the knowledge that you say you have, but I just need an answer. I mean, it's just, well, it Knowledge to give the answer All. right? And there's a, there's a reasoning behind the answer. I can, hang on. Hang on one second. Yes. I know I'm doing that. Okay. I'm Jordan, go ahead. Can I say something? Jordan B, he's calling in and you are the host of a show, guys, and you're kind of yelling at Him.


Guys, you work out your problems, iron out your problems. I I, can I don don't know if I really don't have time, just yes or no. Can I use my Stanley ratchet wrench? Can I fool somebody like that? I don't know that you'd be fooling anybody by using a Stanley ratchet wrench. I'm gonna assume that's an American imperial measure and not a metric measure. Nevertheless, you'll probably be working on both foreign and domestic cars. Yeah, I think you can get to work there with your ratchet wrench. And if there are electronics or modern computer technology to be learned, I think it'll be learned on the job. I would support this venture. Would you write that down for me? I did. I've Got, it's been recorded. I've got the whole thing. Hey Dan, let me ask you, Did, you feel like Jordan was kind of don Don't know what the terminology you'd use.


I'll tell you what I'd used, I tell you that I felt like he was impatient with me. Yes. And I know it all. Yeah, thank you. And I Know it all. He said know it all. And he's impatient the way he talked to you. He, first of all, he says, I have great respect for tradesmen. And then he lectures you in a rude way. Which I, which I thought was insulting Totally down on that. Totally down on that. Yeah. Well, I know, I mean, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I could call in and, you know, I could call any, any, any podcast. Well, There aren't Better than What not one of this quality. I mean, this is, this is, and this isn't a podcast, actually. Well, I'm Not talking about We're on serious. I'm not talking about, this is serious radio. So this is not some podcast. This is, you're talking to, you know, millions of of people right now listening in cars driving.


And this is a big deal. So the people you're talking to right now care about cars and respect your work. Dan, not like Jordan here, who, I'm sorry, I think just talked down to you. I didn't interpret the interaction that way at all. I only wanted to compliment him. Well, I say yes, I think you can probably fuck around with that wrench, walk around, say some bib babble, and probably get them out the door and get your money. And then later on if something goes wrong, say, well, looked okay when I saw it. You know what I mean? See, I, I understand Dr. You know, I understand Jason is sarcasm, but yours is just totally unappreciated. What I was not being, I was not being sarcastic. Sir. Play it back. Play it back.


Play it back. Is there a way to play that? No, I don't think we, not in real time. It's live. Eduardo Did, you think I was being Not at all. Not at all. You know, this is a bit, whatcha talking about this Guy's like in like Los Fizz right now who understand that? Who do you Think This is clearly a bit, is this Dana Carvey gonna walk in here right now with like, it's Dana Carvey on the phone? Does that sound like Dana Carvey to you? The man has a mastered impressions. I'm telling you, you obviously what? Realize impression, what kind of comedy professional you don't realize. This is clearly a bit Oh Yeah. Like, yeah. Okay Guys, guys, please. You know What Dana, Dana Garvey's most famous impression is? Dan Gersky. Do you understand now that you work in radio, you're gonna get callers that do bits. You understand you're getting trolled. I'm not kidding. Do you not realize that you're coming from the world of television where you're incredibly protected now you're exposed, you're being trolled right now, and you're answering this man sincerely with earnest, I believe.


No, I believe this man. I believe this man exists. Dan Gersky from Fallbrook. Ask me, Ask me. I I, is it SKI or SKY? Okay, I told you, is it Polish, Russian? Was the territory part of Russia or a union of Soviet socialist republics? Or was it part of Poland? Where are your, where's your family from? Gersky. Jesus, This is clearly It Feel like this is so gold. This Is how you talk to people. How are you being so gull? This is A terrible show. This is the, we're supposed to welcome our Listeners. Gersky respects me, whatever his real name may be. He respects me because I'm, I'm talking to him now. Like an equal. He's looking at you, laughing at you. You're so gullible.


You're answering earnestly Dan about the tool set he should bring to work in Billings, Montana. Do you feel Respected when Jordan screamed at you? Are you near Interstate 80 Gersky in Montana? How far are you from 80? You're about 123 miles west of Missoula. Did you say, or was it east? You gonna gimme a chance to talk or you gonna just start babbling on with your Mr No at all. Big word. I'm asking you the questions. Gersky tell me the answer to the question. Call him. First of all, Call him Dad. I took, I made an effort to learn his last name. He clearly is, was important to him. Of course, I'm gonna address him by his last name. Well, that's no you, it's an SKI or SKY 'cause our producer probably got that wrong too.


Says, listen to Bozo, you, you tell me what, how I spell My name Bo term that, that they use in your area of Montana. Excuse me, Dan, the Greeks call it Bazo. Ka Bluey. Dan, Welcome, welcome to radio. Welcome to radio. Look at, it's been 25 long years in luxurious television. 30. And now look at you here. 30. You got gersky on the line trolling you, you're coming out not all innocent. I'll answer your question, Dan, I'll answer your sincere question. Welcome to Radio Fred. Well, I, You know what that sound is. Go ahead.


Gersky. What do you got? Do you know what that sound is? You're hearing? I heard the question. What's the answer? The answer is, how do you spell my name? How do you spell my name? Mr. Are we, we still, are we still treating this like a sincere question? What's the, what's the bit here guys? Answer, answer, answer, answer the man's question. I'm gonna say, I wanna make Sure you listening to the question, and you're not just running around in circles with your fancy two bit words. You sound like I'm gonna say you sound like a, what we would call a gentile. So I'm gonna say you're SKI and I'm gonna say that you're g you are because you just sound like a, a you kind of guy. Not an EA Conan Kind of con Conan. Yeah, Conan. Yeah. This dude be get canceled right away.


I know. He call me a gentile I know he be canceled right away. You, you're calling, you're yelling at him. Hey, Gersky. Hey Gersky. What are you a gentile? I mean, yeah, that's no way to do the inaugural episode. Guys, I'm gonna ask you the question one more time. Yes, Sir. Can I get away with using my Stanley ratchet Set? Yes. Yes. I told you At t's garage and towing. Yes. That's all I wanted to know. That's, I didn't want a little, this little, you know, bratty girl girl fight around you guys and just, you know what I'm saying? Well, Dan, I think it's time for people to know And I. I, I hope you're okay with this, that this is not Dan. Know what Dan, you know Dan, you're a real prick sometimes.


You know that about yourself, don't you? You talking to me or the last caller I don't even know anymore. Dan, you've Dan Gersky iss. Actually, he's a, it's, Yeah. What's the reveal? The Reveal's me. It's Dan Gersky. What are talking about? Not ESK, not IY Dan Gersky happens to be a good friend and one of the funniest people. I know Kevin Neland. Okay. Okay. Kevin, What are you talking about? Whatcha talking about? I'm sorry, Dan, I was just doing a little bit here.


I thought, Jesus, When Did, you guys stop with this foolish name. I'm embarrassed Conant to even say this as Kevin Neland. I never get this, I'll never get this time back in my life. How are you Kevin? You doing okay? I was Well. Thank you for calling in. When are you And I gonna go out. You know that place you love to go where I always buy you the hash browns? When are we gonna do that again? Hello? Well, hello. Anyone there? If I ever get off of this call, maybe we can do that sometime. All, right? Okay. Sorry. It's a busy man. All, right? Well, Jordan, can you say goodbye to, to Kevin Neen?


Yeah. Goodbye Kevin. Thanks for joining Us. You know what? There's a little red thing down here that says leave. And then there's another one that says never come back again. You know which one I'm gonna hit. You know which one I'm gonna hit. I have a feeling I know which one you're gonna hit. That's right. I love you, Kevin. Look in the eye. Thanks for nothing, All. right. Bye. Bye. That was a fun little excursion. Well, you guys pulled out all the stops. I am honored you recruited a celebrity. I'm Flattered. He's one of my favorite funny people of all time and hilarious. He, I agree. I'll say sincerely about Kevin Neland. He's a guy, he's a dry guy, which which is exactly the type of humor that I love. Yes, He's very good.


He's, he's, he's sharp. He's funny. You know what, I'm gonna end this, this episode here because I'm gonna say something. You And I. We fought nonstop. Okay. We bickered, we disagreed. We shouted each other. I was angry at you. I think at times, to be honest, you were kind of irritated and angry with me. But then at the end we agreed that Kevin Neen has a really, we can both agree on. Kevin is one of the great, great dry wits of all time. And I. Think it's nice to end on a point of agreement. So it's nice. This was, wasn't this nice? Yes. Geez. What do you think? Should we, I think we should wrap up. The first ever Conan and Jordan show. This was a lot of fun. The music. Hit the music if you have to.


Yeah, same Closing theme as opening or Did, you go with something else. Let's hear. No, what's Let's, same thing. Same thing. Yeah. There it's Say this 16th notes on the high hat. Just with one hand. Right hand. The trigger with one hand. And then you got some high hat chokes right there. And another one here. Right There. I can't hear them if you're doing It. Yeah. Well I'm enhancing it. No, no. Let me just hear it Without you going. No, I'm enhancing it. I'm telling you. Deconstructing. I don't hear 'em. Show me where they are Now. You want me to do it again? Yeah. Forget about the high hat jokes. Just listen to the, I'm Not listen to the joke. This Is like a powerful, unapologetic song.


Well, I think there should be some apologies, but that's, This is recorded at Lay Studio outside in Quebec, Canada, outside of Montreal. Of course, and the wilderness. That's great. All, right? Well, 1981. Okay. Track one of seven. Okay. Yeah. Goodbye everybody. I'm gonna go outside and start running. Much like Rush went outside at Lee's studio to record the opening of Witch Hunt All, right? I'm out. Bye. This was The Conan and Jordan Show over now


At Amica Insurance, we know it's more than just a car. It's the two door coop that was there for your first drive, the hatchback that took you cross country and back, and the minivan that tackles the weekly carpool for the cars you couldn't live without. Trust. Amica Auto Insurance, Amica Empathy is our best policy.


If there's anything better than getting a few of your favorite things from McDonald's, it's getting a few of your favorite things from McDonald's for less in the McDonald's app. Delicious. And what could be better than two of your favorites for 3 99? Like the four piece McNuggets McDouble or Hot and Spicy McChicken? So stop in for twice. The delicious prices and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.