(2s):
You know what's nice? In the old days, if you wanted a cinematic experience, you had to go to the movie theater. Yeah. You had to get your ass to a movie theater. Not anymore. With Samsung Ed, you get a full cinematic experience without leaving your couch. There's actually a brand new Samsung ed here in Team Coco Studio. And it's tough to say. Focused on podcasting. When the picture quality is this good, I'm always losing track. Oh, I'm supposed to be interviewing one of the great people in history And I start drifting away from them. I've noticed, because I'm looking at the amazing picture on the Samsung oled. Yeah, you dropped the ball a lot. Yeah, maybe. Yeah. Yeah. The AI powered processor upscales your favorite content in brilliant 4K resolution. You get to experience colors on a TV as they're meant to be seen, because this is the only OLED TV validated by the industry leading color experts at Pantone Plus on OLED S 95 D, you get OLED glare free technology so you can watch everything you love with nearly no glare. I can't stand glare. And I hear you when there's glare. I can't even see the picture. Yeah, gamers, picture gamers. You're covered too. Hey gamers. Don't worry. What's that? Gamers, you're covered too. Oh really? Yes. Motion Accelerator 144 Hertz delivers ultra smooth motion and AI auto game mode. Tailors your game settings to its genre. Speaking of gaming, you know we're gonna be filming another Clueless Gamer play. What game are we playing this time? I Like to surprise you, so I don't wanna tell you. We're also narrowing the games down. So if you out there have an idea of a game you want us to play, go to Team Coco podcast on Instagram and leave us a comment and we might pick that game. Can't wait to see how great this game looks on the Samsung Oled TV. And I'm just gonna add, it's AI powered upscaling. That's right. Stay tuned for the next Clueless Gamer releasing late November experience TV the way it's meant to be seen with Samsung oled. Visit Samsung dot com slash oled to learn more. Upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experiences may vary according to types of content and format.

(2m 5s):
Man, Holidays coming up. It gets pretty intense, doesn't it? It does. Very intense. During the holiday season, it feels like you're packing a lot into every second. Everything gets compressed. Pressure lot. It's stressful so much to do. That's why ADT spends all their seconds helping protect all of yours while you're out. The ADT Plus app gives you complete control over who has access to your home. Mm. With the Google Nest doorbell from ADT, you can know for sure if that Santa or Aunt Mildred at the front door. See, I'd be suspicious 'cause I don't have an Aunt Mildred. It's Aunt Mildred. Thief ADT has the largest number of companies owned 24 7 monitoring centers in the industry. When every second counts count on ADT, Visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT A Google and Google Nest doorbell are trademarks of Google LLC Warrior Mean Drive.

(3m 12s):
Okay. Well if you're hearing that classic tune, it means you're listening to The Conan and Jordan Show. And this is a show where I Conan O'Brien sit with, well, do you know another better way to say it? My nemesis, my foe. Someone who over the years has irritated me an incredible degree. Mr. Jordan Schlansky. I Did you, is your microphone on? I'm not qualified to answer that Question. It's not on I can, it's not on I, it's so funny. It, I just thought, wow, he really has no personality. Oh my God. I couldn't hear you. Let's try it again. How? Say hi. Hi. You gotta leave that in. It's just too good now. I hear you.

(3m 52s):
And I prefer it the other way. Okay. Listen, it's Eduardo, it's not your fault. A lot of sound engineers forget to turn on one of two mics. I'm not sorry. We're also joined by Frank Smiley, who's here to help us out, navigate these waters and maybe intervene if a fist fight should break out. That's right. You know, Jordan, how many years have we been together? Approximately? 30. Approximately 30 years. Yeah. You came to work for me as a very young man. Mm. And frittered your life way. Sure. You have built me of incredible amount of money. I don't know what you do. Mm. We've never quite figured out which your task was on the old late night show.

(4m 33s):
Or now Did you say, I built you money or I've milked you? Built, Built, built. Built. BIL Oh. Built. Built B-I-L-K-E-D as in Sergeant Bilko as in built him. I took him for a ride. I squeezed him for cash. So built is like milked not built. I didn't build you money. I didn't build, I didn't help you build an empire. No One said you'd Built anything. You know how like the second employee of Apple in 1976 is a multi-billionaire? 'cause they got in a time where Apple wasn't a sure thing. They were risking their potential future. They could have chosen Saturday Night Live when they were offered an internship on one of two shows. But they took the one that was on 13 week renewals. Now, you know, in that situation, like if you look at the tech, the history of the tech companies, the secretaries at Apple and Microsoft are now billionaires.

(5m 17s):
Now I kind of equate myself to that type of situation. I came in, in the early days, there were no guarantees. It was a little bit rough. And I expect at this point, 30 years later, I would be sitting pretty on a pile of cash. Well, First of all, that's your doing, not mine. You've been paid a salary since almost day one. Is there only I can turn him down a bit. That's the other one on your, on your left thigh. Yeah. It's just, there's a control. It's awful. You Had another guest in here at the same volume. What was the problem there? That was someone I respected. That was Tracy Ellis. Ross. Your's. Fantastic. Your other thigh. Why is the button, why is this goddamn? Oh, oh oh. That's great. Oh, that's great. I said your left thigh. Why Did you even have it in the same room?

(5m 59s):
Why didn't you put the, the switch Toward, you know, speaking of Tracy Ellis Ross, she asked you about bar soap or liquid soap. You neglected to mention the most important factor in that question. The pH level. You see, liquid soap is often a detergent. Sometimes it's actually a soap that is to say a sip, fight fat. But often it's a detergent which has a lower pH closer to that of your skin. Naturally, the problem with soap is that it disrupts the acid mantle of the skin. Well, listen, You are referencing a podcast interview. I Did. You referenced it. I supported your train of Thought. All I mentioned was Tracy Ellis Ross, who was a previous person here. All I mentioned is an aspect of the Tracy Ellis Ross interview. Right. Which no one listening to this right now on SXM has probably listened to yet.

(6m 41s):
So everything you're doing right now is just babbling like a chimp. You're babbling like a chimp about various liquified fats. Jordan, let's stick to the basics. Okay. You've come in very hot. All I'm trying to say is you And I have known each other for 30 years. Yeah. I've supported you. I've paid your salary. I haven't become a multimillionaire despite getting in at the early days when I could have lost my job at any point. But still stuck with you through thick and thin. So you're saying that anyone who performed even the most negligible task on late night with Conan O'Brien 30 years ago should be a billionaire. Now I'm saying Steve Jobs secretary can buy this entire complex about, well, I prefer the term, I prefer the term assistant.

(7m 24s):
Yes. Did you say, Hey, stewardess, get over hand. Gimme some of those bag nuts. At the time she was probably referred to as a secretary. Nevertheless, I expect that there might be some kind of financial sense of accomplishment as opposed to my, well, Guess what? Yes. This is your big reward. Yes. Of all the people who started interning with me way back in, whatever, 19 95, 96. I think as I look around, you're the only one that has your own show with Conan O'Brien on SXM. So Shut up. Shut up. Kind of like a Trumpy voice. Shut up. You fired. You know that kind of Trump thing you fired. Right? Right. Isn't that a funny impression?

(8m 8s):
I'm just saying that you're sitting here now. Yeah. You are one half of a, a show that's on SXM and you should be grateful for that. Yeah, I am. Do you see other interns? You are not mutual exclusive. The other interns you started with are all dead or in jail. You are here with your own show on the SiriusXM dial. Okay. Okay. Yes. So just settle down. Sure. Now I, I do wanna talk to you about something kind of exciting. Okay. You mentioned on a previous episode of The Conan and Jordan Show. I just keep looking over at the graphic to make sure this is really happening. 'cause this is a nightmare for me. Did you mentioned earlier that you had once entered a Guinness contest.

(8m 49s):
That's true. Where you write a limerick. I wrote a Limerick. You wrote, I'm saying, yeah. You mentioned at the time. Time. And so I, that's why I was using the past tense. Yeah. I was talking about what you did do. And you, If I was in the process of writing it at this very moment, then you could say you write a limerick. Any other context? I wrote a limerick. Yes. Back in the nineties. I Very much wish I had a firearm. But that's not, that's beside the point. You, if I'm not mistaken, said that you entered this contest and at that time you wrote a limerick. I did. As part of the contest. You liked your limerick. And I remember thinking that was a pretty good limerick. Do you wanna repeat it for us? Oh, yes. Well, for those unfamiliar with the concept of a limerick, it's a specific Irish No ne no need.

(9m 31s):
You can just say it Across ire, A young traveler set out on a quest to find fortune. No doubt. As he strolled into enni, he was pulled a cold Guinness. Hence the lads pot of gold. Was that stout? That's Fanta. I think that's very good. Thank you. I'm serious. That is a very good, you entered it and you did not win. And what was the prize? Well, I don't remember exactly. I believe it may have been a trip to Ireland. I've never been to Ireland. I'd love to go to Ireland. It was, it was actually a, a pub. A pub, A pub in Ireland, You get to own A pub even better. And I I, can you imagine owning a pub? I was just there. Owning a pub in Ireland would be just amazing. Right. Be fantastic. It'd be a dream.

(10m 12s):
That's like having a, you know, a, an Airbnb on the water in Maine. That's just like a quintessential, wonderful experience. You entered and you did not win. Is that correct? I, I was never notified about any development one way or the other. Well, I have the information here. Okay. And the winner, the 1996, that's when you entered Somewhere around there. Guinness essay contest winner was Shan Weston from Friday Harbor, Washington. I don't know. Friday Harbor. Of course, my wife is from Washington. Of course. I think near the San Juan Islands. You, The San Juan Islands, of which I'm quite familiar with. I've been there with my, with my bride A great wine in Washington state, by the way, Let's just stay on track.

(10m 53s):
Retired wildlife education coordinator. She won, she, she entered the contest and she won the showy pub in county Claire. She won a pub. Oh, well there's out Of, there's a picture of someone. There She is. Oh yeah. She won the contest. Okay. That you failed to win. And 55,000 people in the United States entered the contest and she won. Okay. Not You, by the way. You didn't need to do to write a limerick. The, the contest was actually 50 words or less. I think you may be referring to a similar contest in an adjacent year. Nevertheless. No, no. This is The same year. 19, 19 96.

(11m 33s):
I believe there was an essay one year and maybe a limerick. There was definitely a limerick involved. Well, You chose to write a limerick. I spoke to the people at Guinness and they informed me that it was, it was Your choice to do a limerick. Yeah. And that, and a limerick was not required. Listen to me. There's a marketing team at Guinness. I'm sure there are a bunch of 30 somethings and they get wind of this and they talk to each other. Is this true? Is this true? Well, ask Ron. He's the old timer around here. He was back here in the nineties, and they go to Ron and Ron's, you know, kind of moved up the ladder a little bit, but never really achieved greatness at the company to the point where he could retire. So they ask Ron, was there a thing? And he is like, yeah, there's something about an essay. And they look up the essay and maybe the essay was 96 and mine was 95. Jordan, you, you, I would never choose to write a limerick. If I could have written an essay.

(12m 13s):
I don't wanna be con confined to very Few words. You are confused that you're not remembering correctly, which is probably a problem that you Have. There was a contest for a limerick. It was specifically a limerick frank smile. Do I look like someone that would just decide to write a limerick, Frank? Well, first of all, you look like a lot of things. And and it's all encompassing. Frank, you've done the research on this. Yes. I spoke to Guinness and you've talked to Guinness. And they said that the, the, the contest that Jordan entered, it did not have to be a limerick. No. 50 words or less. Guinness is. Yeah, Guinness is. And you decided to write a limerick. My limerick had nothing to do with Guinness. Is I'm telling you, these were two separate contests. They had a thing, they went through a period where like every year they had a contest and there was a prize.

(12m 52s):
Nevertheless, it's the same, it's the same intent. You write, you use your creative literary skills to, you're yelling, you're yelling, You're yelling. Okay. You're yelling. And I want you say It down. I understand. Want you Saying I'm not in direct competition. Well, guess what, with this woman. But we are compatriots. Okay. We are counterparts. Yes. Maybe one year apart. Okay. Anyway, Guinness, I'm sure they're gonna rescind this once they hear your Insanes rant. But Guinness did respond to your limerick. Okay. They got back to us with their own limerick. Oh. And here's how it goes. There. Once was a man who loved Guinness. He entered a competition, feeling ambitious, still upset. He didn't win with 30 years in the bin.

(13m 34s):
Jordan, please accept a pint as forgiveness. And Guinness has sent Guinness over for everyone at Larchmont. That's our company here to enjoy. And so, Jordan, you didn't win. But I'm getting a free Guinness, which is nice. Oh, yes. And I don't know why Frank's getting one. What the fuck did he do? Well, it's important I set This up. So you did. Yeah. This Is, by the way, your your 30 year grudge Yeah. Has actually, You're, you're pouring that wrong. And it's making me crazy. I took a Guinness pouring class and you're doing that all wrong. And it's making me insane. Sure. Anyway, anyway. That's okay. That's All right. I don't have a glass. 'cause you only look after number one. Oh, you have a glass. You just didn't wanna share it with me. That's great. When I said that was all sarcastic, I don't really think it's great.

(14m 16s):
You know, I take your point about taking a pouring class because there is a very specific way to do it. There are YouTube videos of bartenders kind of trolling customers and pouring it the wrong way. And it's fascinating to see people know how much head's supposed to be on there. Not too little, not too much. Nevertheless, I don't drink beer myself. I know, but I appreciate. Well, I'm not, I'm not gonna touch that line with a 30 foot pole. I appreciate the sentiment. Even if the second line in the Limerick had a meter that was slightly too verbose. Can I just say one thing? Yes. You're supposed to imagine. There's usually a harp on the, on any Guinness glass. And you imagine on the first pore, you get it, you angle it, you hit the side of the glass, and you go up to the harp and then you wait for the head to settle.

(14m 57s):
Because these are from cans. It's not quite the same experience. But then you finish it up. And I'll do that in just a minute. Jordan, you didn't win, but we got our free Guinness, which is nice. Yeah. And I think they just, if I'm not wrong, Guinness, we just talked about Guinness for about 15 minutes. Yeah. And we were each paid one can of Guinness, which makes Guinness really smart and us incredibly stupid. So I'm not Getting, unless You, I'm getting a trip to Ireland. How Do you know why I haven't been paid off? Frank? Very possible that you had us talk about Guinness for a really long time. 'cause there's gonna be Frank Smiley's Pub in the town of Billy Gli on the coast of golly Bali.

(15m 41s):
So I wouldn't put anything past him. Right. Mm. Nice. Creamy. Oh my God. So how come You're not drinking any Guests? I told you I don't drink beer and, and frankly, while you appreciate the Sediment. Oh, I see, I see. Now while you lost the contest as a beer hater. Well, here I am with my limerick about Guinness known beer hater. George Schlansky. Yeah. I once tasted something I hated and then I knew I was faded. And then there's rest, you know, to lose the contest, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Yeah. Liking the beer was not a qualification of entry. All I'm saying is, look, I appreciate the sentiment.

(16m 21s):
This is a nice PR story. But let's look at the facts. I did not get a trip to Ireland. I just certainly did not get a pub in Ireland. I got one can of a beverage that I don't even drink. And in addition to the effort that I put in 30 years ago, you have, as you mentioned, advertised the product quite extravagantly. Nevertheless, I see four cans of this beverage on the table in return. I took mine off the table when I realized we weren't getting paid for this. Frank, who probably is getting a pub, has kept his can on the table. You should take yours off. Yeah. 'cause you're getting nothing out of this, right? Sure. I didn't know you could win a win. A pub. A pub. That's so cool. Sounds A little bit like a headache though.

(17m 2s):
Not at all. No, no, no. There's no never any problems in an Irish pub. All right, we're gonna take a little break. Okay. We'll come, come back with more of the the, The Conan and Jordan Show. And We're gonna have Show and Tell. We're gonna have Show and Tell. Oh, that'll be interesting. Jordan. Show and Tell. Okay.

(17m 38s):
There's nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you. Check this out. That's nice. Whether you're going on a weekend getaway outta the mountains, or let's say you're on a dream vacation, or in my case, a work trip to Thailand. It's just fantastic. Let me explain. It starts the moment you take off with free in-flight wifi. So you can stream your favorite show on the go. I mean, that's incredible. That is actually pretty sweet. I love that. I mean, that's insane. I'm always there with my credit card. You know, I can't figure it out. I lose the credit card. Yeah. The phone is stolen. Someone punches me. You start crying. I cry a lot when you land. T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands and an upgrade to Hilton Honors Silver Plus you're covered with five gigabytes. Five gigabytes. That's more than four of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with the go 5G plus or next plans. These are just a few of the perks that feel like big wins when you travel with T-Mobile. And I, it's nice to stay connected to your family. I travel a lot. I do these travel shows. And if I'm filming another country, I know I can get to my family right away. Yeah. They usually don't wanna speak to me, but they have to. They screen your calls a lot, don't they? I suspect them of screening. Yes. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel today. Qualifying plan required wifi. Were available on select US Airlines registration and Hilton Honors membership required for Hilton Honors Silver terms and Conditions apply.

(19m 10s):
Hey, check this out. 50 years ago, Sona, listen to this. Supercuts invented the entire concept of a value salon. Yeah. Okay. It meant you could walk right in, no appointment needed. Hello. In the old days. Hello. Hello. Conan here. Can I get an appointment? No. This meant a special technique that ensured a great haircut and it meant a price point just right for the common man or woman. Yeah. Okay. Now I'm of course no common man. All right. But as I understand it, Supercuts has now invented something else. Supercuts Rewards. Supercuts Rewards is the first ever National Salon a rewards program. You earn points for every dollar you spent. Those points can be redeemed for discounts at Supercuts. Or even it says drum roll, but no, no, no, no. That doesn't. What is that? It's ridiculous. It just sounds like a bunch of little children running across a drum. Anyway. You get a free haircut. It can mean that, you know, usually when someone says free haircut, I say, no, thank you. Yes. Do you know what I mean? But I think this is gonna be a good haircut if it's Supercuts, if it's cut my hair. Yeah. Supercuts rewards. That's a legit free haircut. Yeah. Start racking up Supercuts reward points at any of their 2000 locations Nationwide. 2000, or join today at Supercuts dot com. You get 50 points just for joining. So go ahead and get your butts back to Supercuts

(20m 36s):
As a B2B marketer. You know how noisy the ad space can be? So noisy. Oh my God. It's just so much out there. So much. If your message isn't targeted to the right audience, it just disappears in the noise. It's like throwing a cork into the ocean in a storm. You just see it bob away. Well, guess what? With LinkedIn ads, you can precisely reach the professionals who are more likely to find your ad relevant. Mm. Get your message to the right person. With LinkedIn's targeting capabilities, you can reach them by job title, industry, company, and more you love direct access to and build relationships with decision makers. A billion members, geez, 130 million senior level executives and 10 million C-level executives. Stand out with LinkedIn ads and start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. B2B means business to business. Start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. They'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco to claim your credit. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco dreams and conditions apply LinkedIn, the place to be, do to be.

(21m 40s):
Hey, we're back. I'm here with my co-host Jordan Schlansky. We have a little segment here. This is called Jordan Show And Tell where you, you've brought something into the studio that has some resonance for you. That's correct. And you wanna show it to us? Yeah. I was asked to bring in a product that, that I identify with or that I believe, and now I'll start by saying that I try to buy very few products in my life. I believe that we can live minimally, but the products that I do buy, I want them to be of a very high quality. Yeah. I want 'em to have something special about them. And then I have to buy fewer products going forward. 'cause they last longer now. Life used to be simple 25 years ago. Okay. If you wanted to buy a nose hair trimmer in the United States, you may have bogged the Panasonic ER 4 0 9.

(22m 25s):
This is my own unit from about 25 years ago. But Yes. So this, let me explain to the viewer, you've just handed me what looks like a very small vibrator. Okay. And it's a Panasonic. Yeah. And this is from the nineties, two thousands. Sure. I don't have the exact lineage of it, but that's about the time I started trimming my nose hair. I can't tell you if it started growing in then, or if I just became aware of it then. But this is a, a relic. This is an ancient relic. If you look on the bottom, you'll see that it's made in Japan, of course, Panasonic's headquarters. I never thought much about nose trimmers, but I didn't have to. I simply trimmed my nose hair with that. And you can trim ear hair as well if you choose. And that was the end of it, right? The, the, it was a successful operation.

(23m 6s):
Yes. And then this, the operation was a success. The operation was a success. And then this product was damaged. I may have dropped it, I don't remember. It may have just failed due to its age. Nevertheless, If it was around you for 20 years, it probably killed itself To cut A tiny little gun and Shot its brains. Have you noticed that a lot of your products commit suicide At a certain point? I'm sorry. So I can't, I can't.

(23m 49s):
I'm picturing all of your products have tiny little guns. And every now and then in your house, you're trying to sleep and you hear pew, a tiny little shot. You go in and, oh, my hair dryer's That Sometimes they leave a little note. If I had to listen to him pronounce, pronounce Socratic bullshit on Work time. Oh my god, my stomach hurts. My chest hurts. My whole body falling apart. I'm sorry. I respect inanimate objects. Okay. It's like a Japanese mentality. Okay. I treasure these.

(24m 30s):
If they were sentient, I think they would value the way I treated them. Nevertheless, I went to replace this product when it was damaged. I live in the United States, And I was served this Panasonic er four 11. This is disgusting. This looks what whatcha talking about. This is oversized. It's lightened plastic. It looks like a rocket ship. The cutting mechanism I actually replaced. This had been discontinued, but I was able to buy the cutting part. I replaced it. Wait a minute. You bought, how much did that cost? I Don't know. $15. Okay. You buy a $15. Yes. Nose trimmer. Yeah. And then you went to the trouble. Yes. To replace the Blade. Yeah. This was an inadequate product. This was no longer made in Japan. It was made in a country that is arguably known for some lower quality production methods.

(25m 13s):
It, it, it looks like a rocket ship. It, it draws unnecessary attention to itself. It's a bright silver color. This was what you would get as an American after the glory days of nose, hair, tremors. Wait A minute, wait a minute. I don't see a huge difference. This one. Well, that's Telling that you don't see a difference between those two Objects. Well, one is silver and one is gray. We, We define ourselves by the objects we interact with every day. I surround myself with beauty, with high levels of aesthetic pleasure. And it's not only putting on beautiful clothes, it's also using a beautiful nose, hair trimmer. It's also understanding that everything we interact with defines our life. So I wanted a well-made product. I was not happy with this product, but I thought it was my only option.

(25m 55s):
So I trimmed my nose, hair unhappily with that product. And when did this one commit suicide? You found this guy hanging? No. Woo. So then I visited the country of Japan And I found out that Panasonic sells a different nose, hair trimmer model for the Japanese clientele. Oh. So they sell us the inferior one, The er GN 10. And look how sleek and stylish this product is. This thing feels amazing in the hand. It's perfectly balanced. It's reminiscent of my old ER 4 0 9. This is from, why do you know The five years Ago?

(26m 35s):
This is from today. Why do you Know the serial numbers? And since I was in Japan, I, I knew that this was not going to last forever, despite the, the fact that it is still made in Japan in a high quality. So I bought spares and then I found that they, on my second trip, they had come out with the er. They originally was the er, GN 10. Then they came out with the er, GN 11. I bought two of those. Hold on a second. Let me see this. Look At the beautiful, just look at the packaging. I mean, this is clearly a product made for a clientele that demands high quality products at Your eyes. You look insane. Why do they sell this to Americans and this beauty? Why do they sell this disgusting rocket ship to Americans and this beautiful piece of machinery to the Japanese clientele?

(27m 19s):
I mean, I, I just, I don't understand the logic of that. But nevertheless, How many of these Did you buy? I bought four of them. But the, But the point is, don't now I can see you being a little worried that you should have bought a fist. You take what you're given. I don't know what kind of nose, hair trimmer you, you just buy whatever's available. I seek out high quality wherever on the planet it may lie. What, what do you even use to trim your nail hair? You don't have a hair and makeup person anymore. Little Scissors. Oh, thanks for saying you don't have a hair and makeup person anymore. Wait a minute. Why? Why do you, why do you have to bring that up? That's hurtful. I mean, what does That have to do with anything? You don't employ your hair and makeup person. What are you talking About? I still do that personally insulting. I still do big gigs. I still do live shows. Of Course. Okay. So you may contract one intermittently, but I'm saying that's not gonna take care of your nose hair on a regular basis.

(28m 4s):
You eithers. I Use little Scissors. How do you get rid of that quantity of hair with a simple manual device like that? Whatcha talking about my, my nose is not pumping out tons of hair every day. You've Gotta, there's gotta be over a hundred hair, individual hairs between those two nostrils. Shoot. What are You, are you telling me what I Use a little Scissors? Right? How long does that even take? And it's a little bit curved. Are you confident in the quality of your work? I don I just don't, I know that if I look in that nose right now And I shown a light in there, if you're using manual scissors, there's no way you're accomplishment. But you know what I do? Whisker removal. I make little, I'm like Edward Scissor hands. I make little topiaries. I have a little dinosaur in this one. And I have, it's not a lizard in that It's not often talked about. You have hair removal challenges, you have shaving problems and you always have come in And I'll See talking Huge patches of hair on your face, isolated patches of hair.

(28m 51s):
I don't know how when you have resources available to you, I don't know how this passes inspection. I'll come in one day. You've got like a little, you've shaved, but you've got like a tuft of red hair under your, under your nose. Where, where your mustache would be. You've got like a random, your neck a lot of times have like, you have shaving problems and just acknowledge. Say what? Save up my neck. You have shovel. You'll just About my Neck. You'll have a clump of hair sticking outta your neck in an arbitrary position. Do You wanna know what the problem is? Would you like me to tell you? Yeah. Okay. I get very bad. I have very sensitive skin. Yeah. And when I shave my throat, I get those razor bumps. You're Telling me you deliberately leave that hair there. You think that looks good? No, I don't deliberate. I don't deliberately leave it there.

(29m 31s):
Do you see it? I shave it. But sometimes I try to be a, do a cursory job so I don't irritate the skin too much. And maybe I leave a stray hair. And you know what? This is hurtful. No, this is not, This is hurtful hair. This is a clump of hair hurtful. I'm not concerned with individual hairs hurtful. I'm just asking you hurtful. Do you feel if you can improve in some way by listening to the things I have to say, why do you have to ridicule? I'm telling I'm not buy this product. You have the, you have the means. Why do I Have to buy it? Ss you've got 15 in a bag. You motherfucker me one your sister. Why? Why are you saying I have to fuck buy one? I'm not giving you one of these. Yes You are. I don have the resources. If you have, What are you talking about? I'll buy one from you for twice Its price. You paid $8 to me. I'll give you 16.

(30m 11s):
This is priceless to me. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna put a price tag on this. The ERG hundred dollars. If someone, I'll Give you a hundred something Better than you don't ridicule. Just be like, I learned something. I Did you a hundred. Oh, it's so ate. Oh, it's za. I understand. Oh, you can be more efficient shaving your nose. I'll give you $200. 10. I'll give you $200. Okay. Say Jess shake on it. That's 200 clams that you're gonna get that you made a huge profit on that To me right now. Well, I don't, do I have $200 on me? I might, I don't know. If I do, maybe I Do. I'm not giving it back. Don't expect that when we walk out this door, I'm giving it back. You don't have to give it Back. Do you want the EER G antenna or the G electric? What the Difference is it, I don't, I'm not clear on what the difference is.

(30m 52s):
All right. That's something I'm curious about. But it's written in Japanese so you can get Well What's the latest version? Oh, I don't know. I'm gonna guess if there's the EER GN 10 and the eer GN 11. I'm gonna guess maybe the gr eer GN 11 is more recent. Maybe they're going in a backwards lumbering scheme. If I ever see the GN nine, I know that that's a steal. I mean, these are just basic questions. I don't need to read Japanese or understand anything specific about nose hair. Just gimme everything you have. No, You think you have more than 200 in cash on you? Yeah. I go to strip club sometime. I think that's, you were yelling at me and you, you upset me because you said that I, my face was all fucked up.

(31m 34s):
And I'm just Saying you have room for improvement. This is nothing to be ashamed about. This is something to embrace. I can help you improve. Two. Okay. There's 100. Really? 200. What if we go, you Offer 200. I know, but what if I, what if I, I take it down a little bit now. No, I'll give you a hundred. Hold on. Hold on. You want 200 seals the deal? Yeah. Okay. There it is. It's $200. Okay. Which one do you want? Why don't you choose? Do you Want take this? Do you want this one? No, I want the one. I want one in a box asshole. I don't want one that's bent up your ass two hours ago. No, It is not what I use for my ass. Oh. What Did you use for that? Listen. What Goes up there? Seriously? We what goes up the old bottom?

(32m 16s):
I don't, I don't remove hair in that area. Why would you leave that there? Why? I, I don't have any problem with that hair. What do you mean? I I have no problem with that area. Why do one orifice and not just This one is visible? Well, This one is, you know, displayed. Yeah, I think the other's been displayed at times, frankly. What battery does this take? That takes a double a battery. I recommend an outline. Do do we have a double A around here? I'd like to try and see if I can get this thing going. See if I, well, I've got a double A in mine. You may not want the nose trimmer itself, but you could take my battery, I hope. Yeah, I'll take the battery. I mean, the battery's been indirect contact with my nose and ears. It's okay.

(32m 57s):
This is brand new right now. You stick that up your nose. And if I hear, if I hear a grinding sound, Hear that? Yeah, I hear it. Hear that? Yep. Yeah. If I hear a grind, You are clearly not doing a good job with your scissors. That's All. That was all left behind. So that what you're hear, what you're hearing is the actual grinding of some hair. I think I did a pretty good job with scissors. Not from what I'm hearing that Oh my God. They each one Of, oh my God. Oh my God. Each one of these Blasts has like four hairs in it. What Do you mean blast? What? And It just keeps going. You're just still in the same nostril you have. I'm Still in the same nostri luck. So how often do you do this? You do this every day? Every Tuesday and Friday. I find it the most efficient days to, you Know what?

(33m 39s):
I hope I do hope you're murdered soon. This is a new nostril. Yeah. You haven't even gotten to your ears yet. Ears, Yeah. Do you still feel like your quaint scissor method is efficient? You know what I have to say? This is better. Yeah, this is better than the scissors. And you don't have to worry about this disgusting device. And you claim that you don't learn anything or that there's no value in the knowledge that I have. And look at you now. Look at you now. You know what I love? I love that your look at you now is about this. You know, it's supposed to be about something bigger. Like you said that You are better than me and that was 50 years ago. But now I encounter you And I encounter you and you're a hobo. Look at you now. But you use it on, you said that my information was incorrect, but I suggested this nose, hair drummer and now you're using it.

(34m 28s):
Look at you now. It's so small. You feel There's nothing that I can tell you that you haven't heard before. That's not true. Or that's of any value to you? No, I've Never heard You think you're at a level. No, that's not true. You're at a level where you have the top advisors begging to give you their information. I remember when you had these personal trainers in the nineties, you had these guys like, oh no will a, this is Will a's guy like you And I started to give you nutrition advice. You're like, please, I think I've got this covered. I've got Will Annette's personal training. It Was actually Will Anette. Yeah. And Will Anette was training me And I would see these protein powders in your office and they were like low quality soy proteins with like incomplete amino acid profiles. And you're like, don't worry, I've got the best wait. I in the business.

(35m 8s):
You Let me eat incomplete amino acids. You, You have this theory where you're special and you want the best of everything, but you have, you know, you assume that there's nothing that I can tell you, Jordan, that you can't get a better answer on from someone else. Jordan, if I wanted the demanded the best in everything, explain your presence. I mean, seriously, who else I I who else in your life is going to tell you about the ERGN 11? No one else. What other soul on this planet? No one else would ever tell you about this. This cost me $200. Yeah, that's a lot. Well, you have to take into account that I cannot easily replace it. There was a plane ticket involved. I brought it into the country. I imported it. I mean, there's a lot of middlemen that were cut out of the Deal. You're right, you're right, you're right. All fair points.

(35m 48s):
And I am gonna use this And I appreciate it. Again, let's get the word out on the Panasonic er. GN 11 only available in Japan. You can't get this If one is resourceful, I'm sure they can find a way to obtain it. Yeah. I just love that you have this sad little bag. Just, I don't know, it just, I'm sorry. Just it looked. Come on. Don't stare at me with hate. It just, you have to admit you have a little, little bag and you're carrying it around and it's sad. I admit, I admit I have a bag with no hair trim in it. These are cool. I mean, this is, And I'm gonna say something. These are nice. Yeah. Now I'm, I'm gonna go home tonight.

(36m 29s):
And my wife expects me. She's gonna notice your clean nose, I presume. And, and she, and not just today, but going forward, this device may last you many years. Does this also work on the ears? Yeah. Now be honest. Have you used it on the ass? Be honest. No. Have you used anything on the ass? No. Have you ever looked back there? Not be, be honest. Not that I'm aware of. Not that I'm aware of. Well, I mean, sometimes when you're in a certain transcendental state, you might take a look. I have no recollection of looking at my buttocks in the way that I believe you're referring to. Okay. It doesn't concern you. Have You Have I what Looked at your anger anus, I guess is where you were going with this?

(37m 14s):
That's a very personal question. And I don't, I don't think that was just asked of me. So I'm familiar with the question. All right. Well, I think this has been a very successful segment. Once again, Jordan has hoodwinked me in. It's a good product. I did I pay too much? Yes, I did. Will I try and get the money out of Frank Smiley afterwards? Probably. Will I also keep the Panasonic ERG and 11? Yes, I will. So I'm determined to come out ahead, but I'm gonna let it go for now. But yes, during the show it will have all the appearances of me shall out. 200 clams. Oh, quick advice. Where does the hair go? Does It go in closer to a chamber at the top? You'll have to clean that out from now.

(37m 54s):
Well, guess what? Yeah, that's Conan O'Brien nose hair. Yeah, I could sell that. They sell Elvis's sweat. I could sell Conan O'Brien's nose hair. And you know what, there'd be someone listening right now who would wanna buy it? You know, there's somebody on the line right now. Do you wanna ask? Someone's been listening and they're on the line. Yes. That's fantastic. Let's put this person on the line. This is exciting. What if I can sell my nose hair? Let's patch through. Hello. This is, I'm told this is Stephanie in Illinois. Stephanie, are you there? Yeah. Hi, How are you? I'm good. This is the highlight of my day. Well, I mean, day isn't much. I was hoping you'd say like week or month, but Okay. I'll take, you know what? I'm gonna take day. I'm not gonna get greedy. Stephanie, it's very nice to talk to you.

(38m 34s):
As you know, we've been, I just use this amazing product. I trim the insides of my nose, my nostrils, And I was talking about maybe someone would buy my nose hair. Is that something that you would ever consider? I would consider it for a little bit of time and then, I mean, maybe I could sell it and make some money off of it. Yeah. I Don't know. I I when you said you get, consider it, it sounds like you'd consider it for a microsecond and then you'd move. Yeah, it'd be pretty, Yeah. Yeah. Pretty short amount of Time. Yeah. You know what? I respect you because I think only an idiot would buy my nose hair. And I think you made the right call. Tell me a little bit about yourself, Stephanie. What's, what's your occupation?

(39m 16s):
I'm a licensed psychologist And I work in university counseling center. Seriously, you? Yeah. So, so this is good because I'm sitting here, I do this, I show occasionally with, I guess I'm gonna call him a friend of mine. I know what the term is. Jordan Schl. You familiar with him at all? Yep. Yeah. Okay. People seem to know him. A lot of people stop me and ask me what's the deal with Jordan? And I wanna say that's, I, I spent a good chunk of my life trying to explain him to other people. You say that You are a psychologist? Yes. And so You are trained to understand the human psyche, the mind behavioral patterns.

(39m 60s):
Yeah. You've probably done personality. Personality. Tell me. And, and Jordan's here. You can say hello Jordan. Hello Stephanie? Yeah. What, what is your take on Jordan Schlansky? Hello? I mean, that's a, yeah. No, it's just a pause because It's hard. Oh. Oh. That was a, that was a pause. Oh my God. That's not good. That's not a good sign. I thought we had, I thought all communications had dropped and that you had gone off the grid. That was a pause because you don't know what to say. That's stunning. That's correct. Yeah. Well, I mean, let's talk. Do you want to, do you have any questions for Jordan? I, yeah, I've got a lot of questions.

(40m 41s):
Let's get into it. He just walked into your office. You're familiar with some of his videos. Let's imagine, you know, Jordan, you've seen his videos and he walks into the office and let's get to it. I guess I'd be most interested to know what his biggest problems are in his life. Like what causes him distress? I'm pretty content, to be honest with you. I don't really have any chronic conditions, psychological or otherwise, you know, basic human responses. We have fear in frightful situations, and we may feel anxious in situations that would classically inspire such a reaction.

(41m 23s):
I wouldn't say I, I fall victim to a lot of Wait minute. I'm sorry. You're just describing the human species. Yeah. You're talking, you're, you're talking about homo sapiens. That's not what we're talking about. Yeah, we're talking about you specifically and, and, you know, Well, I feel content. I know my strengths and my weaknesses and I know my characteristics and I'm, I'm quite content with them. I, you know, I know my limitations and my, I'm quite familiar with your limitations. Yeah. I'm, what I, what I wanna say, Jordan, is that You are not, you say you're content, but all you ever do when we talk is bitch at me. That you don't think you've gotten enough out of the Conan O'Brien Experience. Yeah.

(42m 3s):
I'm talking about my own psychology. Your treatment of me over the years in financially and otherwise is a completely different subject. I'm talking about psychologically I, I'm introverted, which I don't think is any secret. And I, and certainly a psychologist would likely read that right away. INTP if you're a fan of the Myers-Briggs classification system, I'm A fan of that. But, okay. Excuse me. I'm gonna let you jump in here, Stephanie. 'cause if I don't bully him outta the way Yeah, you'll never get a chance. Well, Go ahead, Stephanie. My other question. So sometimes the problem is not that You are in distress, but it's that the other people around You are in distress. So that would be my kind of other question is how do most people kind of respond to you?

(42m 49s):
Yeah, it's a good question. That is A good question. I get a lot of different responses. Do you understand? I'm gonna guess that a lot of people get mostly consistent responses from those around them with, with, you know, a few outlying responses. But I get very different responses from different people. I find some people despise me And I find, but I find that an equal, if not more number of people embrace me. And I think that if you average it all out, it equals a, a normal person's response. But I, mine, mine is a bit polarizing with equal numbers on both sides.

(43m 29s):
And I guess there are a few apathetic in the middle that really don't care one way or the other. So You're saying, so basically what you just said is you're a normal guy. 40% of people despise you, 40 equal 40% are fine with you, and then 20% in the middle have no opinion. That does not sound Stephanie to me, like the normal response an average human gets. What do you think? Oh, it doesn't sound normal. That's, Yeah. Well, I'm not concerned with being normal. That was never high on my priority list. I'm concerned. I think That comes across, Yeah, I like to think that I'm a good person and, and in the end, overall, I increase the quality of the lives of people around me.

(44m 10s):
Of course, there are a few exceptions inevitable. That's just attrition as you get in business and life in general. But I try to be a good person. I try to improve the world around me in my limited time here on this earth. But of course, I don't hit it outta the park every single time. And you know, some people are easy to read And I may have more of a stoic demeanor, even if it doesn't necessarily represent what's going on inside me. And some people when faced with that kind of blank slate are, are find it off putting and intimidating in a way. And I understand that and respect that. Stephanie, let me ask you quickly, and yeah, you're the expert here and, and I'd like to hear a lot more from you and a lot less from Jordan, but my take here is I hear a lot of smooth talking from Jordan, a lot of words, a lot of sing songy, cadence, mannerisms, but it almost feels like it's talking to cover up.

(45m 5s):
Is that what you're hearing too? I mean, from listening to the podcast and your other interactions, his interactions with me sound a lot smoother than his interactions with you. I don't, I mean, So you're, you're saying that maybe, and sometimes I I I could be the issue is maybe what you're saying. The other option too is sometimes people, when they feel like they're being assessed, they kind of show the best of themselves, you know, and kind of want to be seen in a certain way and kind of do that. Like they kind of manage their, their public image more. Right, Right. So yes, it's like when they first caught Ted Bundy, he was quite chatty, pleasant saying to everyone at the jail, it's so nice to see you.

(45m 48s):
What a lovely jail. Because that had always worked for him in the past. Is that, is that the analogy that you're making right here, Stephanie? That's exactly what I was saying. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, listen, now, Stephanie has made a very good observation, And I am different depending on who I'm talking to. And I do have many sides of my personality, And I truly maintain that they're all genuine. Okay. Many sides. And the person I'm talking to often evokes a certain aspect subdivision of my personality. And it is true. Okay. That you consistently, I'm gesturing to my co-host, Conan evokes a certain response from me. Whereas if I were just talking to Stephanie or some of our other colleagues, they may get a different response from me.

(46m 29s):
Hmm. So what does Conan bring out of you? Yeah, Good question. Well, I'll tell you, Conan has a certain energy, some may even say polar opposite to my own. He's very extroverted, very textbook extrovert. He feeds off the energy of others and feels drained when he doesn't get that response from others. And I'm exactly the opposite. And you know, Conan, we are the same species, homo sapiens, but our minds are wired so very differently. It's hard to believe where the same species and when I watch him, And I like to observe human beings and humanity in general Sure. As all aliens do when they visit, When I watch him and how his mind works, I marvel at it because in addition to his many talents, his many tangible talents, I marvel at how very different his mind is than mine.

(47m 15s):
He, he will go out of his way if we're on an airplane sitting across the aisle to get my attention to yell across the aisle. And I turn his way and expect he's gonna have some great witty quip and he just makes a ridiculous face at me. And that was, that was so important to him that he had to yell across a crowded airplane cabinet to get, and I'm thinking I would never, I could have the best joke or observation in the world. I would never take that step. I did do that recently, Stephanie. Yes. He was sitting way across from me on an airplane flight, And I yelled across, we were on a shooting, a travel show, And I shouted way across the aisles in front of everyone on the plane, just so I could make a ridiculous face at him. And I did it because I saw his face and it was just had no expression.

(47m 58s):
It was lifeless, it was a mask. And I, I had to, I mean, I was sitting on an airplane. What kind of expression do you want in that moment? I'm just sitting watching the hours go by. Yeah. I think American Airlines deserved more. They do a good job. And you could have given them something. And so I needed to, I, the pond was too placid And I needed to drop a stone in and watch the concentric rings. Do you understand that, Stephanie? But There's nothing wrong with the placid pond. That's, that's what you're missing here. You always need movement. But sometimes the, the silence is where the magic is, the stillness. There was no magic. I just saw a weird face across the aisle wearing the same t-shirt you always wear staring straight ahead. And it was annoying.

(48m 38s):
Stephanie, why don't you break in and you talk for a little bit so that Jordan can't go ahead. Okay. Well I had a question for you, Conan, which is, you said you, you try to explain Jordan to people. How, what's your like, shorthand description of Him? I usually say we, we think it's a childhood accident. Okay. That's the best I can come up with. And that tends to, they, they just nod and go, yeah, you know, And I say, I don't really know. Got it. What it was, if it was a, you know, a truck that stopped too fast and there was a railroad spike in the back got, and it took out some, some Kind of traumatic brain injury. Yeah, yeah. You know, those x-rays you see where there's a skull and there's a, the, the, the, the giant spike going right through it, but they tell the guy lived and he's a practicing lawyer.

(49m 20s):
That's, I I'm always guessing that it was some kind of event like that, that there's a piece that's missing from Jordan that should be there. But because someone in a Ford F-150 left a railroad spike in the back and then stopped short, Jordan has been an alien his whole life. Jordan, what do you think? But I, Okay, while I acknowledge that you And I have very different personalities who's to judge whose personality is superior, you're implying that your own personality is superior. I and Detrimental Con. It's The Conan and Jordan Show, and it's on the Conan channel. Okay. So I guess that would make me the judge. It's like you're this guy that wandered into the Supreme Court in your loud suit, and you're shouting up at a Supreme Court justice.

(50m 2s):
Who are you to judge? I'm a Supreme Court justice. Well, I'm no psychologist, but to me, I detect an error of insecurity and overcompensation. I don't need to judge you and who's, you're certainly an exceptional human being. Thank you. No question about it. Thank you. Thank you. And if you compare me to the average human, you might think that I'm a bit different And I don't disagree. However, when it comes to assessing, which is the superior way to be, that's when things get a little murkier. And I don't know that we need to have that competition. Stephanie, can you just step in quickly and tell Jordan that I'm better than him? Yeah. I think Conan is better than you. What else Did you want me to say? I love that that's coming from, oh my God, that was funny.

(50m 44s):
Funniest. So That that settles It. Thank you very much, Stephanie. You're a wonderful person and thank you. Thank you so much for calling into the show and for settling this question. And that's science. That's real science right there. Yeah. Yeah. Clearly That I'm better than you and Stephanie, best of luck to you. Well, thank you so much, Stephanie. Really nice talking to you. Thanks. Bye. Bye. Bye. She was lovely. I, I liked her. And also, I think she, she nailed it. I think she just really nailed it. The convoluted premise that you use to get into these scenarios just baffles me. Why the nose, hair intro? Why not just say we have a psychologist on the phone? Why do you feel you need to justify? We didn't Know it was a psychologist.

(51m 25s):
Yeah. We didn't know it was an accident. That was a psychologist and who knew that it would be a psychologist who immediately took you apart and, and deduced that You are the monstrous freak that You are. Hey, that's all the time we have for now. Okay. And that's not really true. I have plenty of time left. Sure. But I just can't do this anymore. So I'm gonna wrap this up. Okay. That's been this episode of The Conan and Jordan Show. I think we made big progress. We learned a lot about a lot of things. And then a pretty much a woman of science said that I win and Jordan loses clearly A sounds psychological opinion. We'll see you next time.

(52m 9s):
His mind is not for don't him down defense. The Conan and Jordan Show with Conan O'Brien and Jordan Schlansky is produced by me, Frank Smiley, executive, produced by Adam Sacks, Jeff Ross, and Jim McClure, engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez. Our supervising producer is Andrew Gru, talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Patista, and Britt Khan. The theme song is Tom Sawyer by Rush. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review Red on a future episode.

(52m 51s):
Got a question for Conan and Jordan? Call the Team, Coco hotline, (669) 587-2847 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever. Find podcasts are downloaded. And be sure to subscribe and tune into Conan O'Brien Radio channel 1 0 4 on SiriusXM.

(53m 24s):
What's your boldest, truly ambitious life goal? Everyone has one and everyone deserves a way to get there. That's why State Street offers a wide variety of ETFs to give all investors access to the market and the chance to reach their goals. Like with DIA where you get 30 us blue chip stocks in a single trade, wherever You are heading, getting there starts here with State Street. Before investing, consider the funds investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Visit sga.com for prospectus containing this other information. Reading carefully, DIA, subject to risks similar to those of stocks. All ATS are subject to risk, including possible loss of Principle Alps Distributors, Inc. Distributor.

(53m 55s):
Hi. We're all modern. We believe designing your space should be easy and simple at all modern. We have the best of modern furniture and decor all in one place. With styles from Scandy and mid-century to minimalist and maximalist. Every design is hand vetted for quality by our team of experts. And did we mention fast plus free shipping? That means you can upgrade your space in days, not weeks. That's modern made simple. Shop now at all. modern.com.