
If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus, you can earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card and the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple card owners, subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch. Remember FDIC terms and more@applecard.com.


Back when my wife and I were shopping for a home, I remembered, eh, it's exciting, it's fun. Yeah, but also there's so much you gotta worry about and think about homes.com. Is home shopping the way it should be? Mm, yeah. It's more than a website. It's your partner in finding the perfect home. Get to know potential neighborhoods with homes dot com's. Comprehensive neighborhood details. Yeah, that's good to know. You don't Wanna buy a house and everyone sucks. No, it's the worst when you buy a house and everyone sucks. homes.com features the listing agent on each listing, so you can easily connect Plus agent directory and profiles. Offer a detailed look at each agent's experience so you can find your perfect match. Sometimes someone's like, yeah, sure, I'm a housing agent. And you're like, are really? You, you don't look like one. You know what I mean? You're just, you're you're wearing like a towel. What's going on? You're soaking wet. He'd live there. Yeah. Go to homes.com to learn more. You want the facts? That's not their slogan. I just made it up. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hi Sam. Welcome to Conan. O'Brien needs a fan. Hey, how are you there? Hey Sam. How are you? I'm doing really good. How are you doing? Doing great, first of all, loving the hair. Sam, you got the Thank you. Yeah, yeah. I know I Had to, you you got the I felt Inspired. I, I, I love, I'm, I'm, I'm not egotistical enough to say it's the conant swoop. 'cause You know, the con cones, I con swoop. I think Bob's big boy invented it, but looks very cool. So I'm loving that. Tell us a little bit about yourself, Sam. So, my name's Sam and I live in Chicago.


Okay. And, You know, been a big fan of yours since, You know, forever. Thank You. Actually used with my first paychecks. I actually bought a tv, like, it was like back in like 2003, a little tiny LCD TV that I could watch Conan, like the show, like your guys' show in my room right before I went to bed, so I wouldn't keep everyone else in the house up. Oh, Wow. You, so you have excellent comedy taste, and you're considerate. That's a great combination. Yes. I, yeah, I, I try, I try to be, and my brother who's, whose name is also Matt also loves, has always loved you too. He's about as tall as you too, so.


Oh, Wow. Okay. I would've been as tall as you if I had a, if I had a, if I had a Y chromosome. But I am a trans guy. Okay. Which means that I started life as a girl and, and when I was 33, I transitioned to being a guy. Okay. Yeah. And, and tell us, I'm still, so you, so how old are you now? How long ago did you transition? So, I, I transitioned when I was 33 years old. I started and I'm going to be 39 next month. So You look fantastic, by the way. Yeah. I'm kidding. Thank you. I was gonna say thank you. You look like you're like 22 years old. Yeah, I, I, I know. Well, that's kind of like one of the perks of like, You know, transitioning a little bit later is, You know, you look, you always look a little bit younger, like when you're transitioning from female to male, but like for me, like for some people, like in their early twenties, like, that's not so great.


But like, when you're in your thirties, You know, I'll take it. I, I'll look younger. That That's totally cool. Me. I was gonna say, I was thinking I wanna transition from a man my age to a man who's much younger. Someone Figured that out until we all know. Yeah. Well, yeah. I gotta figure, I gotta figure that one out too. If I could figure out how to transition my joints and all of my Problems. Oh, they're gonna figure it all out. Have you watched the Ubstance? Yeah. We'll figure it out. They've, they've, they're working out. Yeah. Demi Moore is working very hard on this. Yeah. It worked out great for her too. Yeah, it looked like it did to me. So, Sam, what do you, what's your, what's your, what's your gig? What's your job? What do you do? So, pretty much I, I run my own business.


I actually make adult toys. Okay. And we, when I, I've actually been in the industry since 2008, but when I started transitioning, which was, I think it was, that was like 2019, I kind of noticed that there wasn't toys on the market that like, were super compatible with like, trans anatomy and like the changes that your body goes Through. Oh, that would be true, yeah. When you Do that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I was like, Hey, I've got these skills from working in the industry, can I translate they it into something that works good for, You know, for a variety of different body types. So, and that's what I've been doing pretty much since then.


It's, it's mostly just been me, my designer who lives in Denmark. And then just recently one of my partners started helping me make toys, like just, You know, to keep up on orders. So now I'm curious, so you were in the adult toy business before you transitioned, is that right? Yes. I see. Okay. That okay. Yes. And then realized that, hey, wait a minute, there needs, there's a market here that's not being taken care of. Yeah, exactly. And it was like, I, I mean, there was definitely stuff out there and I swear I probably bought like one of everything just to see. And then it's taken, You know, it's taken a while, but like we've, we've, like, one of our toys took like four years to finally design.


So it would be combat compatible. And then another thing we completely came up with that nobody else has done, is we came up with what's called a grind bowl, which is like halfway between like a, like a, like a sleeve and like grind pad, which is something that like some people use like, You know, like cis women you'll generally use to gr like grind up against. So we kind of invented something that was halfway be between that me and my designer. And then when it's, when it's ready for market, how do you get the word out? So one of the things like, so our toys are crypted themed, so they're, they're basically like fantasy to themed. So that was like what my old business did.


So I kind of just kept going with that. But mine are crypted base, so me meaning like, all of my toys are like Monsters and stuff like that. Yeah. Wow. So they're based on like monsters and, You know, folklore. Oh my God. Like, like we have like a moth man. We have mino tar, You know, we've got the Jersey devil. You know, we're, we're trying to come up with more stuff. What's the Moth man one, like, So I think you have a customer here. I'm Gonna show you. Yeah. So, so our mo moth man, I'm just, Oh, wait a minute. Oh wow. Yeah. So this is our, yeah, this is our medium. No, we have two size. That's A, that's a medium. Whatcha guys, whatcha talking about smaller? It's a big deal And two sizes bigger.


Whoa. But yeah. And then these are all made of Platinum cure medical grade silicone. So these are not like the toys that you just buy like, You know, online that are just made of unknown materials, You know? Right, Right. You wanna make sure you're using medical grade. Yeah, They're medical grade safe. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, we, we, You know that. And then we, and then we make these, we, we can, I, I like, one of the cool things that I can do is I can fade the silicone to Yeah. Yeah. Like this is, this is, you start with one, it's one bucket And you fade all the way down to a different color. So it's, it tickles So Much. It's, it's fun. I mean, like, I have a background in art too, so that's Oh, that helps. It is Beautiful Art and comedy.


So, I mean, you have to have a sense of Humor. Oh, you do comedy as well. Yeah. So, You know, all throughout high school I did improv and theater and all of that. And then when I got out of high school I was like, man, I really miss this. So I ended up starting a, And we go to furry conventions, which is another way that we market. 'cause there's a big market for like, and Pathology. And explain for anyone who's listening who doesn't know, including me Exactly. The fur. What is the, the furry world is, So the furry fandom is just like a group of people that enjoy anthropomorphic animals. So we're talking stuff like, You know, as, You know, like, like, like Bugs Bunny all the way up to like Zootopia.


Sure. Things like that. People just enjoy that. And for the most part it's, You know, it's, it's very just like family friendly. But there is a, like a not safe for work kind of side of the fandom, but We're very not safe for work echelon version of everything. Of every fandom. Yeah. Yeah. Including probably Team Coco. That's true. Yeah. You know, this work is not safe. Well, I did, I did hear those, those, someone was reading those fan, I think it was Sona had the fan fictions that Yes. Yeah. No, no. There's that echelon of in, in every world. You can't go if, if you're a geologist, there's a not safe for work fandom. Oh, You know? Yeah, a hundred percent. And, and that, and the same goes for like, the cryptozoology stuff.


And that's why there's like a whole monster lover community, things like that. But when I, so You do comedy First started gonna, These you, you're, 'cause because you have all these different worlds. There's that you're, that you are exploring or that you're part of. And you said that you're also in the, in the, in the, in the comedy world, but in the furry world as well. So do those crossover, do you do comedy in the fur furry at Furry Conventions? At Furry conventions? Yeah. So I, I really missed doing, I really missed doing improv specifically. So one year I asked a convention if I could host like an improv panel.


And we just called it Who's Lion? So it was like an animal pun on whose lion is it? Anyway, And I, I don't know why, but I think that's a very marketable idea. Who's lion it? It was, it's really funny, Fun. It Was, it, I like that. And we ended up, our first show had like 60 people and like, what we ended up doing was we just kinda let the audience come up and participate. Like I would, You know, work and play the games. I was just basically like running like, Hey, we're playing this game now. And You know, we've had like up to 500 people at one show. I mean, obviously not everybody can participate at that point when there's like that many people. But we do try to get as many people up as possible to play in these games.


So we can just share it In like the love of, and they're, everyone's dressed as animals, Not everybody. So I would say like 10% of a furry convention actually, like, actually has like costumes. Oh. But then these are just people who are, You know, who're coming to hang out. And we have like a common interest and they, You know, they wanna come up on stage and, You know, have a good time. And some of them are in suit. Like I've done it in suit. Like when we do a charity version of Who's Lion, I'll generally be in my fur suit. And what's what's your fur Suit? And so my fur suit's an African wild dog. I've had like a bunch of different fur suits throughout the years, but my current one is an African wild dog. So. So you're on stage doing comedy dressed as an a as an African wild dog?


Yes. Okay. I we're, there's so many. I mean, my mind is expanding in so many amazing ways. I'm still on that Moth man. Schlong. Yeah. The Mosh Man. Schlong


Celebration Key is a brand new destination at Grand Bahama exclusively for carnival guests celebration key features. A one mile stretch, a beautiful white Sands beach surrounded by crystal clear Azure waters. I love Azure Waters. I do Too. I like 'em better than other waters. Best Waters. There are two of the largest fresh water lagoons in the Caribbean. And fun, relaxing, and exciting island experiences that offer something for everyone. Like Paradise Plaza, a Caribbean welcome where you can find the iconic larger than life. Sun Castle in the middle of a freshwater lagoon featuring water slides and an observation deck. Hmm. Or Calypso Lagoon. A vibrant area with a swim up bar and DJ Island. Ooh, I lo someday I wanna get stranded on DJ Island. Yeah, You cabanas. You look at DJ Island Full service restaurants and adults only section. What the hell? What's that all about? There's over 30. Great. I've been escorted out of that area so many times. There's over 30 great dining and bar locations, including authentic local Bahamian flavors and more. Plus they have excursions like snorkeling at v riding and guided island tours. Carnival Celebration Key is more than a destination. It's a paradise. You'll wanna lose yourself in book your escape to celebrationKey@carnival.com. Sailing start this summer ship's registry, The Bahamas and Panama.


This episode of Conan O'Brien needs a friend is brought to you by McDonald's. An up and coming concern. Hmm. It's a new restaurant, I suppose. So many tiny but special moments that McDonald's makes possible. This is in my opinion, like when you think you're outta fries, then you discover one at the bottom. Wow. I love that feeling. Oh, that feels good. Sometimes I find one in the seat cushion. Oh, that's weird. Nope. Like that too. Okay. That's how good the fry is. I'll eat it that way too. And waiting for the perfect moment to ask a friend for one of their McNuggets is always thrilling. I always get a No, you've never given me a McNugget, Sona. I never will. And of course, when you're at McDonald's And you spot your fries being scooped into the carton man's time just slows down. Beautiful. Yeah. Isn't that a great thing? It's art. Yes. It defies the laws of physics. Get your favorite McDonald's meal today.


Do it


Pretty Chilly out there at wintertime. Yeah, it's, You know what I like about wintertime, I'm gonna tell you anyway. I like sitting around with my pals, my good buddies, my posse. And I like cracking open a cold one. You know, whether it's a holiday gathering office parties or a fireside conversation. Football Sundays. Oh, I love football Sundays with the gang. Sure do. You're such a jock. I am a jock. The old jackaroo they used to call me. Winter means more moments with the coolest people in your life. It really does. And making these moments even better with Miller Light, the great tasting light beer for people who love beer. If you like love beer, it's gotta be Miller Light. You gotta Do that one. I'll tell you why I like light. It's brute for taste. Yeah. Okay. It hits different than the other light beers. It's made with simple ingredients. Let me list them for you. Oh, malted barley for rich, rich, balanced toffee note flavors and the iconic golden color. You know, and I like that it's 96 calories and I actually wanted to know how many carbs it was. So I did, I did this myself in a lab. Oh, it's 3.2 carbs per 12 ounces. Oh, that's interesting. Yeah. How did you do that? It's take, it's very complicated. I can't describe it all to you now, so you'd never understand. Okay. But it involves, all right, Petri dishes in flame. Anyway. Miller Light, it's great taste. It's 96 calories. Go to Miller lite.com/kona, find delivery options near you. Or you can pick up some Miral light pretty much anywhere they sell beer. Hey, if you go into a place that sells beer and they don't have Miller Lite, tell 'em, Hey, guess what? You don't really sell beer. Do you tastes like Miller Time? Celebrate responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories and 3.2 carbs for 12 ounces.


You know, one of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. Do You know what I mean? Yeah. It's ridiculous. It's crazy. Yeah. It's like, Hey Santa Claus, get your bathing suit over here. Oh my God. Hey, he doesn't need a bathing suit. He is up at the North Pole. What did I waste my time for? Yeah. And he is got elves. Exactly. They can make it. Okay. You're ruining the point I was trying to make. Yes. No. One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. Fortunately, LinkedIn is a network of over 1 billion business-y people who might actually be interested in your business. You can target your buyers by job title, industry, company roles, seniority skills, or company revenue. So stop wasting budget on the wrong audience and start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will give you a hundred dollars credit on your next campaign, so you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco, that's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions supply only on LinkedIn ads.


You just had that ready to go? That was right off camera. Yeah. What else you got? Oh, I have a ton right off camera. Do a parade. Come on, Let's do a parade. So first of all, remember I talked about like the grind. Whoa. So this is like our invention. We actually have the provisional patent on these. We have two of 'em. Oh, we have the serpent interface. And you Must have, that must have been a fun day at the patent office. I can just picturing. I know. Well that's a really nerdy guy. And tell me what you have. I have these me, Well, thankfully my business lawyer is a patent lawyer and he's just like, he's so cool about it. He is like whatever. And then, You know, another thing that we did was we actually ended up scaling it up. Oh.


So, whoa. So cis men could use it as like a masturbatory. Wait, is that Just friction based or you, is it electronic? Yeah. Professor. No, you, so you do, it's all silicone. I've never seen you this involved in the Engineering of anything. Use like a fleshlight used like you would a fleshlight Fleshlight. Yeah. Fleshlight. And it's all textured on the inside and everything. Like It's, it's like a, a tube that you stick your dick into. It's A flashlight that you Fuck Yeah. It so you, you fuck a flashlight. Yeah. Oh. But it's like, yeah. Inside is not like a, That's what electronic's paper towel tube is for. Okay. My wife's always like, where's the tube? Why is a paper towels just everywhere? Stuff that Lasts a little bit longer than that though. How I can make 'em last.


Oh, you just gotta shellac them first and bake them in the sun. Oh God. My wife. Why? Why are all these towels just all over the place? Oh god. Sorry dear. I was fashioning a fleshlight. Oh my God. Wow. My marriage is over now you're gonna see me walking alone down the highway with a suitcase and a paper towel. No, no, no. You open the suitcase, paper towel and 15 paper towel holders fall out. Oh my god. This thing is broken. This thing is broken. So, alright. I'm picturing you doing improv or standup on stage dressed as an African wild dog.


That must be a little challenging 'cause it's hard enough to do improv. But when you're dressed as a, as a furry animal, that's gotta be really challenging. Yeah. I mean like, we have microphones on stage. So one of the funny things about it is that like when you do have like a fur suit And you are on stage and especially like, even if it's like a smaller crowd, like we still have to get the microphones on the, on the fur suiters. Yep. You know, normally I have no problem projecting, but even in suit, like I have issues with it. So you have to like put the microphone like all the way in the fur suit mouth. So it's up against your mouth in the head. So it kind of just like, looks like you're well deep throating a microphone when you're doing that, but, Well, I'd hate for something untoward to happen.


Yeah. So, but yeah, no, we, we always have like a really good time. I Love about your, that's, I love how delicate you were about Oh, and it's, I know how else to say this. You just showed us nine different products. I know. It would get me arrested in any airport. I just saw a purple spiked clam that Was a sex toy. A clam. Well, I mean, like, I go through the airports all the time with these in my carry-on. Oh, Right. Well they don't Beep because I wanna have, I wanna make sure that they don't get lost. 'cause we've had like, like, 'cause we go to conventions to sell and I've, I've had like packages get lost. Like there's in, in in re in, in, in Boston specifically, there are two boxes of my toys that just never showed up to a convention in Boston that we were at because they were So those are just somewhere.


Yeah. No. They got delivered to the hotel and someone signed for them. Right. But nobody could find them. Right. So I don't know where they are. They knew what they had there. So now we put air tags in all of our boxes. They probably think there are staplers or something. Exotic staplers. See desk kaka, kaka, kaka. Hey, I got this new paperweight. Yeah. You mean the moffa? Yeah. Nice paper. I have a paperweight. And look, I, I have a stapler that looks like, as you would call it, a clam. Yes. Listen. A clam, clam. Listen, I, you've expanded my mind in wonderful ways. And this is an impressive, this is an impressive business that you've got going here and thank you.


It means a lot. Do you have a factory? Where is the, where's the actual production done? So, So it's done right here at my house. My entire basement is finished and like it's a finished basement that we've like completely set up to do all the, we have, we have seven 3D printers. Wow. We have like, we have a couple of vacuum chambers, You know, 'cause we have to take all the air out of the silicone before we pour it so there's no bubbles in the toy. And yeah, we just do everything here, like, just locally, You know. And I get all my Supplies locally.


It's, and there's no, there's no, I mean I'm thinking there's chemicals then in your basement. I you would hate there for there to be it. There's never could be an explosion or anything. 'cause you don't want these things raining down in the neighborhood. Cell phone's Not flammable. Look out, put up your umbrellas like a meth lab. We do have a Come flam and I'm just picturing them coming down like missiles. All The dildos just raining from the sky. Yeah. But no, there's Someone looks up and goes, oh no gl outta control. This is an outta control interview. Oh my God. I blame you Sam. This is your fault. You know? Yeah. You took a very serious sober podcast. Yes. And you, it's become Oh yeah.


Very serious. We're very dramatic. Serious Podcast. Did Sam, did Sam have a question for You? Question Sam? Yeah. So one of the things that I always wondered is, do you ever wish that they still made the o taco at Taco Bell? Oh, what, what? What? Oh, that's right. I didn't, I think I did a remote once. Did I do a remote once? Yeah, You did a remote. It's one of my favorites And it's, I went with, who did I get? Hayes? I went with, yeah. I went Hay with Chris Hayes. Yeah. That was a fun remote. Yeah, it was. I, I have to say, and I'm not, we are not sponsored by Taco Bell or anything, but man, that was delicious. What was in it? Do you remember? I'm trying to remember. It was delicious. There was, It was like corn beef, hash.


Yep. Potatoes. Yep. I was gonna get asked and then I believe you dumped it. You dumped a Guinness on it. Yes. Well, you can't go wrong dump dumping a Guinness on anything. But yes, I remember Taco Bell. They asked me to design something and so I I I went all Irish on them and yeah. I'm shocked. I think I had one bite and then had a massive heart attack. Yeah. I'm shocked. It's not like in every Taco Bell. I guess Taco Bell decided not to go wide with it, but if you're ever in at, if you're ever at the Dublin Taco Bell, it's their biggest seller. Taco Sam.


But yeah, like ever since then, anytime I can get potatoes and tacos, like, there's like a couple places. I mean like Taco Bell does do that, but like, there's like other places that like sell mashed potatoes and tacos and stuff like that. I always have to get it because I always think of the Taco. Well, they rip me off, man. They rip me off. You've gotta make sure no one's ripping you off too. They did. Hey, that's a good, that's a good question. 'cause I'm, you're, it sounds like you're onto a market. There might be people out there that are like, Hey, wait a minute. I'm glad you got the patents. That's the important thing. Especially on the moth. Yeah. For the, for that one. Yeah. Especially yeah. It's, it's still, yeah, it's still provisional patents, so it's, You know, rest assured that's sitting on some government office somewhere waiting to get approved so It's right on their desk.


Yeah. It's waiting there. Yeah. Sam, it was very cool talking to you. You're very funny and best of luck with your business and we're very lucky to have you as a fan. Yeah. We're, I'm lucky to have you guys to listen to because you guys are always on when I'm working on stuff. So I say always save the podcast for when I have like, You know, long days to, to get through orders. Oh. So that's very Cool. We inspire the Dildos. We do. Yeah, you Do. You Guys are, there's little bit of us in that thing. Yes. In every single joint. And then my, my one partner wanted me to show you this. Oh, he made a Team Coco colored. Look at that. This is a biome actually.


That's exactly what mine looks like. Oh my god. Well, I'm sorry, but I was in an industrial accident when I was nine. It was in a pumpkin patch that exploded. All right, Sam, we're gonna take off, but thank you so much. Take care. Yeah, it Was nice meeting you all. Really cool meeting you, Sam. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sian and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer Aaron Blad, associate talent producer, Jennifer Samples, associate producers Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan. Please rate, review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wherever fine podcasts are down,


We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sunrises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Hi, I am Sarah Silverman and I wanna invite you to Arena Stage this February to see my semi autobiographical, semi-conscious, but fully enjoyable. New musical, the bed wetter. It's a story about growing up different from everyone else. The insanity of family being a bed wetter and a dash of clinical depression. In other words, it's about the year I was 10, the bed wetter. February 4th to March 16th, only at Arena Sage. Visit arena sage.org for tickets today.