
You know what's nice? In the old days, if you wanted a cinematic experience, you had to go to the movie theater. Yeah. You had to get your ass to a movie theater. Not anymore. With Samsung Ed, you get a full cinematic experience without leaving your couch. There's actually a brand new Samsung Ed here in Team Coco studio, and it's tough to say. Focused on podcasting. When the picture quality is this good. I'm always losing track. Oh, I'm supposed to be interviewing one of the great people in history. And I. Start drifting away from them. I've noticed, because I'm looking at the amazing picture on the Samsung oled. Yeah. You dropped the ball a lot. Yeah, maybe. Yeah. Yeah. The AI powered processor upscales your favorite content in brilliant 4K resolution. you get to experience colors on a TV as they're meant to be seen, because this is the only OLED TV validated by the industry leading color experts at Pantone Plus on OLED S 95 D, you get OLED glare free technology so you can watch everything you love with nearly no glare. I can't stand glare. And I. Hear you. When there's glare. I can't even see the picture. Yeah, gamers. Picture gamers. You're covered too. Hey gamers. Don't worry. What's that? Gamers, you're covered too. Oh really? Yes. Motion Accelerator 144 Hertz delivers ultra smooth motion and AI auto game mode tailors your game settings to its genre. Speaking of gaming, you know we're gonna be filming another Clueless gamer play. What game are we playing this time? I Like to surprise you. So don don't wanna tell you. We're also narrowing the games down. So if you out there have an idea of a game you want us to play, go to Team Coco podcast on Instagram and leave us a comment and we might pick that game. Can't wait to see how great this game looks on the Samsung OLED tv. And I'm just gonna add, it's AI powered upscaling. That's right. Stay tuned for the next Clueless gamer releasing late November experience TV the way it's meant to be seen with Samsung oled. Visit samsung.com/oled to learn more. Upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experiences may vary according to types of content and format.


When you give a gift from LL Bean, you're giving favorites in the making designed with thoughtfulness and care for years of joyful connection. That's really something. 'cause when I usually give a gift, it provides, I'm gonna say, 15 minutes of joyful appreciation. Yeah. If that, yeah. I don't give great gifts, but LL bean years of joyful connection, like the Cozy Sherpa wearable throw made from Cozy Sherpa Fleece with a Hood and two hand pockets. What I love, two hand pockets I do too. Over 1,805 star reviews and counting. That's a lot of five star reviews. A favorite gift for home camp or backyard. It's the perfect gift for anyone from teenagers. Listen to that. Rock and roll. Yeah. To grandparents. Oh, it hurts. To book club friends. Hmm. I read that. Shop the Cozy Sherpa wearable throw and more holiday favorites at llb.com/gifts.


All. right. Well, welcome to The Conan and Jordan Show. This is our second episode. I have to be honest with you, Jordan, I didn't think we'd get to a second episode. Yeah. Because during the last one, I'm just being honest, I wanted to smash your face into powder, but we made it. We're here and by, and this is by popular demand. People love The Conan and Jordan Show. What kind of polling Did you do to determine the success of the first episode? I've looked at no data. I've talked to no one. I live pretty much a secluded strange life. But I know deep in my heart that this thing's a smash hit. So much so that, look, we have our own sign now.


The Conan and Jordan Show. Now, I was under the impression that the previous recording session was a, an audition of sort. Oh God. No. No. We use every part of the buffalo here. We can't waste anything. So no, that was not an audition. That's, that was the first episode. So now we have our own show. We've passed, we had, we've passed whatever requirements we needed to pass. What Requirements are there? This is the radio. I was Under the impression with Sink or Swim that the first episode was gonna determine the future viability of you. And I? Not really. No. No. You were under no Pressure. Is this a vote of confidence by any interpretation? Nobody. Nobody has has, I've run this up the flagpole it serious. And they said, we don't have a flagpole and we're not taking your call. How does this compare the launch of this show?


How would this compare, let's say, to the launch of your late night show? Maybe 30 Years ago now? Yeah, yeah. Or, or, or any of your new projects. Even your Conan O'Brien needs a friend podcast. Would this be comparable launch? Not at all. No. Those were like massive battleships that, you know, you hit it with the champagne, they slide into the ocean, then they have a storied career on, on the high seas defending England or America or whatever country manufactured the ship. This don don't know. This is the emission of a little gas, maybe from like a broken down machine. But still, it's something that's happening. We have to respect it. What kind of promotional a circuit can I expect? Will we be hitting the road? Oh God, no. Spreading the word. No, no, no.


We, we can't spread anything. Is there Any kind of press release that I need to approve or anything like that? I don't even think we can afford that. And I'm told they're free. So No, and first of all, you've so far been just asking a series of questions and I've indulged you, but let me get a little bit of stuff out. Oh, you have an agenda? Okay, go ahead. Well, You don't have to announce everything. It's The Conan and Jordan Show. It's the second episode. This is where you And I talk. And people do all the time ask me, how's Jordan doing? I want more Coen and Jordan. You know that our videos are a massive hit on YouTube, various other sundry places. The the websites. People love them. They can't get enough. They want more.


Well, now we're giving them more. And what better way to experience us than while you're driving around, maybe in your rental car or at home listening to SiriusXM. This is the way to do it. People listen to the Conan O'Brien channel. They wanna hear this stuff, you know, so it's you And I together. How you feeling about it? That's what you cut me off to get to. Yeah. I thought you had some bombshell you were gonna drop. That's what you had to say. That's the information you had to spread. Yeah. I can't believe you had Billy Corgan on your podcast and you didn't ask him what he was chanting at the beginning of 1979. A question that's been confounding fans for decades on the forums. You had him right here. I did ask him. You could have said, what were you chanting?


But instead it was, oh, I'm a guitarist too. Do you prefer a Telecaster or a Stratocaster? You know, why didn't you ask him the question that people, It's personal. It's just Stratocaster. It's not Stratocaster. Second of all, we just Said the same thing. Second of all, I did ask him, we talked about it as he was getting into his car, because the magic moments for me aren't captured. Okay, you greedily want me to spill that kind of stuff into a microphone? I walked Billy to his car. It was Acura and massive dent the back bumper. And I asked him that question and he told me the answer. But that's the kind of thing I can't share.


You can listen to the isolated audio tracks on YouTube and you still can't figure it out. He would've told you It's not meant to be a secret. It's not like Quentin Tarantino not telling people it was in the suitcase, in Pulp Fiction. It just so happens he's never been asked. Now you had the opportunity to ask and finally put the stress, but instead you decided to stick to guitars. I asked him what I was interested in. And I also knew that he'd tell me when we walked him to his Acura, and he did. So I was satisfied. The internet is a great resource for many things. You could look up Beyonce's song lyrics to Lemonade and see, you know, a thousand renditions of it. But there are some songs, John Pars, Saint Elmo's Fire, where there are not accurate depictions of the lyrics anywhere.


Wait a minute. You look at, Wait, the song Saint Elmo's Fire. Okay, What the last, would you like that Song? Do you like that song? 1985 Man in Motion, Saint Elmo's Fire. Yeah. By John Parr, which was secretly about differently abled. People overcoming the odds, but under the guise of a teen movie, as used in the movie saying, almost fired. They Weren't teens. They were in their twenties. Don't anger me. When people call people teens when they're twenty five, twenty six, sometimes some of them pushing 30. Oh, Emilio Estevez was 44 years old when he started in that movie. You're A man that appreciates horns. Do you understand the horn work that David Foster put into that final chorus yet? Nobody understands what the lyrics are in the final, but I me the lyric. but I figured it out. I figured it Out. Tell me the lyrics. No, you try to figure it out. don don't even know I.


can you can I looked at the sheet music in the I can eighties and the Sheep music had the wrong lyrics. I can't Conjure the song. Okay. I can't conjure the Song. I can see a new horizon. Can we play underneath the blazing we play? Hold on, hold on. They changed the lyrics in the last chorus. That's the power. The lyrics are, are the same in the first and second, but the last one, he changes it up. But you can't understand what he's saying. I figured it out. I listened to that hundreds of times. Well, you cannot figure it out. Life, everything on the internet is wrong. Everything on the internet is wrong. Life. A life well spent. Here we go. No, you gotta get to the end. We're Gonna listen to this part first. Okay. This is, I remember this. The first note is up. Cutt famous production error. I think the year was 1985. I'm in theater. Yeah, I just said that. Settle Down. Thanks.


Move. You're kind of revving. I listen to those drums. Those are Terrible. This driving, this driving beat. That was David Foster's Signature Night Ranger Secret of My Success. Wait, Why are we listening? You like I told you to get to the end. You like this Song? This song is fantastic. This song gets the blood pumping. What are you talking about? Don't you hear that driving beat? It's like four on the floor, but you hear the high hat work and it's that O nato. You may think that, oh, it's repetitive. The drum beat. I say O nato. The Italian concept of persistence. That is a great musical technique. All, right? We just got canceled, but they just let Me know. Have you heard the end of Aerosmith, what it takes where he's like, let it go. Let it go.


That's sto. They cut that off For the single releases of This song. I'm gonna ask you to do me a favor. Yeah, Jordan, when I hold up my hand like this, you're gonna have to stop talking because otherwise you just wash over me. And you're a little outta control right now. We had a nice conversation going and then you brought up this song, man in Motion, the theme song for Saint Elmo's Fire, which is a bullshit song. And then you, I want you to tell me what he sang in the last course. Don't try to deflect, pivot, or otherwise. Change the subject, don, don't slowly The music. Don't what he S The last. Don't slowly fade out the music after we heard the inconsequential introduction based on the contents of this conversation. Oh, you say grace to the last, listen to the last chorus and tell me what he's saying. You're saying that a great song has an inconsequential opening to the, that's a great song.


Purpose. This conversation A great song. Listen, definition has a great beginning. How's your hearing? My hearing is perfect. Li listen to the last chorus and tell me what he's saying. Oh, or Google it. Take as much time as you need. Oh, tell me what he's saying. I forgot that the universal sign of good hearing is being able to determine and remember the lyrics, Whatever resources you have at your disposal as a idiot, ALIST celebrity, to tell me the lyrics to the last Course. Hey, you think I'm an alister? Tell me the lyrics to the last course. Listen, here we go. Mc, fire I can climb the highest mountain. I can cross the world to see. This Is easy. This is kids play. Yeah. Last chorus. It starts with, I could hear the music playing There.


He just yelled. I think he drops. It's, you missed the last chorus. Okay. Because You stop. 'cause don don't care. Tell me what the last lyric. No, I'm not gonna, I'm not going to tell you my hard work. You're not gonna benefit after ridiculing me. You're not gonna benefit from my hard listening work, Jordan. What I'm saying is also there are, there are many lyrics for which, no matter how many resources you have at your disposal, short of contacting John Parr, by the way, who's a philanthropist, a British philanthropist. You will not be able to determine these lyrics. Ice House is electric blue. He's a Phil. He's a philanthropist, but he can't give his music away. Look at that face. Oh man, you got served, owned Jordan.


You're a terrible person. And our time away from each other has been a sve for my tattered soul. We're together again because the public demands it. We have our own show and you completely commandeered it right up top to make us listen to that piece of mid eighties crap. What's The power balance on this show if, if it is in fact ours? Well, let's take a look at the order of the names. Okay. The. Conan and Jordan. Show. Huh? The the size of the font is also, Yeah. Big Conan. And then sort of little disparity scripted. Jordan, I think you understand what the power balance is here. You're here because I allow you to be here. You live because I allow you to live. And maybe you're just a someone that I imagined and you think you have a life.


But the minute I stop thinking about you, you'll disappear. Fascinating. So let's talk man in motion. I, do encourage the listeners to try and discern the last part of the song. 'cause that's an important use of everyone's time as a productive, What will the listener take with them after listening to this radio program? They will take with them newfound knowledge. Although you didn't allow the knowledge to be revealed, newfound knowledge of a great mystery of the internet. I Think what people will take from this is a newfound hatred for you. If you ever have, they thought they hated you before, but now they're gonna go look, before it was. If I cross paths with Jordan, I'll smash his face. Now it's gonna be, I've got to find out where that fucker is.


And. I need to take him out at the knees. That's what's Gonna be Now, if you ever have Eddie Vetter on your show, I trust you will ask him what he's chanting at the beginning of W Ma. It would be the first thing outta my mouth. Okay. Okay. I promise it. I'll write it on my hand. Yeah. All, right? Swear to God. Go ahead. Usually it's how are you? Yeah. You know, I like to try and ease into it Small talk. Yeah, I understand. That makes people feel, Are you, are you comfortable? Yeah, that's all. That's my technique. But as a robot, you would know that you have your own techniques. Jordan, this is what we have to do. We have to do a quick commercial. Okay. The sponsor now is Lady Crackers. Oh yes. Why don't you just give an ad for Lady Crackers right now, and just make it up as you go. Lady Crackers Los Angeles olive oil and sea salt.


Now you're gonna often find lesser quality oils used in many products. Things like soybean oil. These are industrial oils. Then you'll find seed oil, sunflower safflower. Rarely do you find a brand that's willing to go to the expense of providing a premium oil. Because frankly, most consumers don't understand what they're putting in their body. They shovel food in. They don't understand the quality of said food. Now you have a product that is using olive oil. One of the finest oil hunting unbeliev. He had the way. Can I just confirm, can I confirm? Stop you for one second. Can I confirm Frank? He had no idea what I was gonna hand him. No idea. No, that this is not written. There's no copy. There's no copy. This is Abso. What are you doing? How are you able to do that? Well, the first thing I, I look for a product made with olive oil and lack of seed oils or processed oils like canola, which is also called rape seed, which people perceive because it has a high monounsaturated fat content.


Did. you say Grape seed Rape seed. Well, don't talk that way on this program. What are you talking about? That's awful. That's a piece of flora. Nevertheless, I look for products that don't use processed or seed oils. I like certain kinds of fats. I like olive oil. Butter or ghee. Coconut oil is fine. Let's get Back to, you know, the sponsor's gonna want to hear their product name and a little more about the product rather than a list of every oil that exists. Yeah. Lady, Crackers, Los Angeles olive oil and sea salt premium. Very few ingredients, which is always a good thing. Would you Like to taste one? Why don't you open it up and taste one. It's okay. I I, oh, Could you please? I Typically try to avoid. Would you avoid? Yeah, It's okay. Please avoid, please.


Yeah. Just open it and just, When I open a box like this, I don't, I like to keep these three tabs intact. Okay. Sometimes it's a challenge. That's great. I have to look. I believe that we're defined by what surrounds us aesthetically every day. I like a beautiful looking box to surround me a box that I could picture you. Especially if we're producing a program like this. Ripping this thing up. I would Tear, I would just tear it apart like a gorilla. But I like to put it in your mouth. Put it, Yeah. Stick in your mouth. Yeah. Right. Just Have a cracker Please. Yeah, I understand. Yeah. Well, what do you think? Not overly salted. That's a good thing, you Know? Right. Sometimes they put too much salt On, even as they put too much salt. Oh, 340 milligrams.


That's a little high per serving. don don't know how you define a serving size. One ounce. That's a sponsor, Jordan. So just try and be positive about it. Is that to say that it's a perfect product? I, who am I to? Who am I to assess? This is the Worst ad ever. You can't just crunch It. And. I say it's not perfect. I what I'm saying I, I see a lot of, if you're looking for a cracker. If I were looking for a cracker, yeah. If I found myself. A lot of people look for crackers in their daily lives. Yeah. They feel like they want a cracker. If I wanted a cracker, I would certainly go for lady and larder. That's a fine pitch. I'm gonna do you one better lady. And larder. I want a cracker at night. And I want one with a clean crunch. Hmm. That gives you that lady and larder.


Crackle. The munch crunch. That makes you happy. A whole bunch. That's why a lady and lar lady and larder tear that box. Open them tabs and slam that cracker down your puss. And remember, if any crumbs go astray, use your tongue. Get it outside your face and lick 'em up. Keep that tongue outside your head. It's a good way to get those crumbs. Lady. And louder now with more of the good stuff that you love. Get it now. What do you think? Good Add? Well, you know we have different approaches. Yeah. You talked in a very depressed way for a while. And I said, seems like kind of a high sodium content in the End.


We both appreciate lady crackers for different reasons. Yeah. You like the clean crunch? I like the lack of over-reliance on process industrial oils. It's the clean crunch that gives you a munch. And. I. Love it. A bunch. See the way it rhymes. Yeah. People love that in an ad. They're not gonna remember your sodium content quip. But they're gonna remember mine. They should. Do you have an idea for a jingle for this? Do you wanna sing a little song about it? Yeah. The company Asked us to, to sing a jingle. Can you please do the jingle? I'm not one to sing, but I could tell you I wrote a jingle for Guinness beer once I entered a contest in 1996. Oh, let's hear it. And. I believe I should have won.


So the contest. Okay, let's hear it. They may have this regularly. You had to write a limerick. You're familiar with a limerick? Oh, that's racist, but sure. Yeah. And. I have, I live with a leprechaun. Okay. And. I just ate a four leaf clover for lunch. A Limerick is a written work that falls a very specific syntax and rhyming structure. Okay. Five lines. Yeah. One, two, and five rhyme. Yeah. And then three and four rhyme. Okay. Yeah. Guinness had a contest come up with a limerick and the winner will get, maybe it was a trip to Ireland or something like this. So in 1996, I sent in a limerick, which I have to believe would've run. Do you remember it? I absolutely remember it. I can't wait to Hear it. And I'm, and the fact that it didn't win tells me that either they lost the mail or, or someone didn't. The right person didn't look at it.


Right. What's the limerick? Okay, here's the limerick about Guinness beer across ire. A young traveler set out on a quest to find fortune. No doubt. As he strolled into enni, he was pulled a cold Guinness. Hence the lads pot of gold. Was that stout? You know what, that's good. Yeah, that is good. That's very good. Yeah. And, I'll just, That's been a long time on it. Oh, I hope you didn't spend too long on it, but, well, I wanna know what was better than that. I'd like to know Guinness in 1996. What was a better limerick than that to promote your product? I got no acknowledgement. There was an old man from Nantucket who wanted his young friend to suck it. He said, Guinness. I said, I didn't mean your head.


And then the guy kicked the bucket. I just made that up. That's pretty good. And you know what? I spent no time on it. Yeah. And it's got something dirty in it, so everyone's gonna remember it. Yeah. I feel mine is superior. Okay. But the point is, don't you're still bitter that you lost that Guinness captain. Yeah. Yes. What was the prize? I believe it was a trip to Ireland. I, I can't confirm. Wow. Some prize. I don't drink beer myself. So I, my Family fled that place. Let's get outta here. There's nothing to eat. You're referring to the potato famine. No. My people fled in 1982.


The, the line at Burger King was too long. We gotta get outta here. Let's get to Brookline Mass. They flew over on Air Lingus. Air Lingus. That'd be a funny limerick. Also dirty. Hey, listen, I thought you did a good job with the ad overall. Thanks. This ad. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. You did a fine job. We're gonna take a little break when we return Jordan And. I will have a deep philosophical discussion. Don't touch that. Dial


Sona when you take a big trip. Yeah. With the family. And I know that you love to travel and your kids are getting old enough now where they like to travel too. Yeah, That's true. Who looks after the house? That's The thing. Nobody. Yeah. And so I've actually been toying with the idea of maybe, you know, putting my house up on Airbnb, making some extra cash. Having someone there. It's like you're hosting people. Exactly. It's like you're getting paid to travel. You can use the money Yeah. That you get from putting your house up on Airbnb. Right. To help finance your trip. Exactly. And you know what? There's people there that are looking after my relics. You have a lot of people don't know this, but Sona has a lot of ancient Greek relics. Etruscan relics. Yes, exactly. You have a lot of sculpture from the Assyrian Empire. Sona has billions and billions of dollars worth of ancient, yeah. Ancient artifacts that have never even been looked at by archeologists. They Should all be in a museum. They really should be. Yeah. But it's nice when you're, when you're away, your home could be an Airbnb. And that's something to keep in mind. Yeah. So your home, aka your future Airbnb might be worth more than you think. Find out how much at airbnb.com/host.


You know what's nice? In the old days, if you wanted a cinematic experience, you had to go to the movie theater. Yeah. You had to get your ass to a movie theater. Not anymore. With Samsung oled, you get a full cinematic experience without leaving your couch. There's actually a brand new Samsung ole here in Team Coco studio. And it's tough to say. Focused on podcasting. When the picture quality is this good. I'm always losing track. Oh, I'm supposed to be interviewing one of the great people in history. And I. Start drifting away from them. I've noticed, because I'm looking at the amazing picture on the Samsung oled. Yeah. You dropped the ball a lot. Yeah, Maybe. Yeah. Yeah. The AI powered processor upscales your favorite content in brilliant 4K resolution. you get to experience colors on a TV as they're meant to be seen. Because this is the only OLED TV validated by the industry leading color experts at Pantone Plus on OLED S 95 D, you get Ed glare free technology so you can watch everything you love with nearly no glare. I can't stand glare. And I. Hear you. When there's glare. I can't even see the picture. Yeah. Gamers the picture depict gamers. You're covered too. Hey gamers. Don't worry. What's that? Gamers, you're covered too. Oh really? Yes. Motion Accelerator 144 Hertz delivers ultra smooth motion and AI auto game mode. Tailors your game settings to its genre. Speaking of gaming, you know we're gonna be filming another clueless gamer play. What game are we playing this time? I Like to surprise you, so I don't want to tell you. We're also narrowing the games down. So if you out there have an idea of a game you want us to play, go to Team Coco podcast on Instagram and leave us a comment. And we might pick that game. Can't wait to see how great this game looks on the Samsung OLED tv. And I'm just gonna add, it's AI powered upscaling. That's right. Stay tuned for the next clueless gamer releasing late November experience TV the way it's meant to be seen with Samsung ed. Visit samsung.com/oled to learn more. Upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experiences may vary according to types of content and format.


God, I love football season. I love the rituals of football. Like what? Don't do that. Whatcha talking about from defending your favorite team after a bad loss to obsessively checking your fantasy lineups. Yeah. You know what I'm talking about. Football fandom is bigger than just Sundays. And you know, who knows that Miller Light? Miller Light knows the passion that comes with rooting for your team. That's why Miller Light keeps it simple, un debatable quality. You can try and debate it. That debate won't last long. You'll lose because it's Miller Light. You'll lose great taste, only 96 calories. It's the beer that drips away everything you don't need and holds on to what matters most. Who says, Hey, get me a beer with everything I don't need in it. Nobody. It's the original light beer since 1975. I've said it before and I'll say it again. Red Sox won the penant that year. Yeah. Make your game time taste like Miller time taste great. Less filling. Let it be both. Why fight? You know there's enough fighting in America right now. You can have both. There's space for both. Thanks Sona to get Miller Lite delivered right to your door. Visit miller lite.com/ Conan or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories per 12 ounces. Fewer cows and carbs than premium regular beer.


All. right. I'm gonna move on to the next segment. Conan and Jordan discuss a philosophical question. Oh, Frank, why don't you tell us Sure. What you had in mind here. So We're, we're gonna have a segment here called Conan and Jordan have a philosophical discussion. Okay. Jordan, if, if and Conan, if time travel were possible, would it be ethical? Well, I think we would redefine our ethics and morality to suit the emergence of new technology. I, I don't, I can't imagine many circumstances in human history where ethics have stopped the progress of technology. Unfortunately, a lot of times conflicts are justification to develop technology.


You look at the, you look at the nuclear technology, both fish and, and fusion. You know, originally, originally fusion and then later fission fusion. Of course you're taking to light elements and joining them and fission. You're taking a heavy, like a uranium or a plutonium and you're splitting it. Nevertheless, I, I can't think of situations where technology never advanced. At least to my knowledge, because of ethics and morality after it. Can I Yeah. Stop you before you get boring. Oh wait, I'd need a time machine for that. I have to go Back nine minutes ago to the start of your glam.


O you just got blad. My question would be, is sports betting allowed? If sports betting allowed, then definitely let's have that. Let's go back in time. I could clean up then you make a lot of money, then you go back further in time when land is really cheap. You go to Long Island and you say Hey there, 1680 farmer, what do you want for these nine acres on the ocean? There's nine acres. Why I would wish to have $6. $6. Hey, here's $16. Well thank you. Yep. That's what you would do. Would You go backwards or forwards? Go back. If you had one shot, you'd go backwards. And what would, would you witness first?


If you could only witness what I'd To fors theater and I'd say, Hey Abe, behind You, I'd save Abraham Lincoln's life. But if you are just an observer and had no ability to change anything and you can witness one event so you could pick the time and place and you can go back, would that be it? I mean, just as an intellectual curiosity, I would go Back in time. You, You would go back to the assassination of Lincoln. Would you go back? 'cause Lincoln, there's no mystery history. don don't, Don't wanna have Just one. I wanna see many things. No. If you had one, if you had one or two, like, would you go to like the Kennedy assassination to, to uncover the mystery? Or would you go to something where there's certainty? Or would you go back to the Jurassic period and, and and look at a dinosaur? You know, Yeah. I've seen Jurassic Park. And I think they probably Got that right.


So that doesn't interest. So that would, so Would it be the link And I wouldn't go to the Roman Times? 'cause I saw Gladiator, And I think that's a good, I think most movies have pretty accurately depicted what those times were. Like. And, I. Think if I go back in time, it's gonna look like that. Only a little dirtier. Like people's tos will be dirty. And. I'd be like, ah, this sort of sucks. So I don't wanna see that. Yeah. So, nah, I don't wanna see that stuff answers. I really just wanna go to Ford Cedar and go, Hey Abe, heads up. Because you know what? I'll tell you this. Abe Lincoln was six four, my height and a strong back woodsman, he would've turned around. Booth was a relatively small guy and an actor. I've interviewed enough of them to know that they're pretty easy to take in a fight. So I he would just clean booth's clock.


That would be fun. Abe would just be wailing on booth. And then it would just turn into another failed assassination attempt, which there are many throughout American and world history and, and wouldn't be as consequential as it was today. And, and in the end, you wouldn't have witnessed a momentous occasion. You would've just witnessed a, a closer to average Occasion. I would've witnessed, I would've witnessed the ultimate beat down a Blinken, kicks the shit outta some little actor, takes his derringer away and kicks the shit out of him and then throws him off the balcony. And then all the actors that are starring in the play are American cousins starring Laura Keen. They all start kicking booth until you See you have me inside you. You know, sometimes you'll gimme a straight answer and you have the facts as well.


What you ridicule me for is really a reflection of Yourself. Did. you just say that. I've had you inside me. You have me inside you. Now Stop. Don't ever say that again. Don't ever say that again. don. Don't want you inside me what You see and you detest me lives inside you. That's why you detested. Don't ever say that ferocity. Don't Ever say that again. Don't ever, ever say I'm inside you again. I'm a part of you and you're a part of me. No, I've seen you at your best. I've seen you at your worst. Wait, we're in wait. We're inside. We have an incredibly intimate relationship. We're don't acknowledge we're inside each other. We're certainly inside Each other. We're each other though. It's intimate. Yeah. And that's hard to do too. Think of the geometry of that one. And Ah, He, he mentioned where he would go if he could time travel. Jordan.


Yeah. Where would you go? Oh yeah. This is fascinating. This this is a legitimate question. Yeah. You know, I, gosh, I'm assuming one shot, one chance. Yeah. I mean, the questions future are past, right? Because future is like un unwritten. Where do you even go? Do you go 10 years? Do you go a thousand years? I'm not gonna take away future. I'm just gonna say past. Oh, past. Yeah. Well, you know, I want, I would wanna witness something I probably like you wouldn't necessarily wanna solve any mystery as much as just witness something. I might go back and witness dinosaurs if I could assure my own safety. And, and you'd have to be in the right place at the right time. So you really have to educate Yourself. You're safety. So we have to talk to the dinosaurs first and say, leave that guy alone over there.


I don't want to be killed by a dinosaur. I just wanna witness them. Well, it's gonna be a problem if you go back there. You have to take that into account. Yes. I do have to, there's a good chance. I mean, if I And, I could see you being very irritating to a brontosaurus. I could see a brontosaurus being like, I do. Fuck. I just fucking hate that guy. It's a bronto sas. It is not sauds. Now you're Saying course the Latin for lizard. You're just saying shit. No, it's not the Brown Thoss. No. Zel Kless. What you familiar with Keel Kless, the Flying Dinosaur. There was like a 1982 or a 1983 horror movie called QQ stood for Ketso quali. Or they called it twaddle. But the actual scientific name is keel Quali. Keal was a Mexican God, I know way. You know, the 1980s.


Just talk over me. That's fine. No, Keli. If he was a Mexican God, he must have been named after Kettal. Kla Say how you pronounce Brontosaurus again. Okay. You need to be hit. I'm not gonna say with steel rods. 'cause that's, but with a denser wood. Like a, a wood, but it's a dense wood like a mahogany. You need to be hit with mahogany. Okay. Because no one says that. Even a bronte, if it just heard that, would put both of its giant paws in front of its eyes and just be like, oh my God, what a dick. No, it's not. How do you say pterodactyl? Tactal.


Why do you say these things like Dracula? I'm just looking at the, the root of the word. I understand that these words have Latin roots, And, I. Look at the root of the word And. I use it properly. I'm not one of those people that says alum or haphazardly throws out the word alumni improperly. What do You say? Well, if I'm talking about a man, it's alum. And if I'm talking about for sake, okay, we'll see what you're, so I'm talking about a man. You got an alumnus. A woman is an alumna, right? Two men are a mixed group is like alumni and, and two women are, or multiple women is alumni. Okay? And, and the word alum is not based in any reality. Conventional wisdom says. Now, if you're using it to express gender neutrality in a modern way, that's fine. But you have to know all the rules before you break them.


That's what air supply said in making love edit and nothing at all. All. right? I know all the rules. All, right. Written by Jim Steinman, of course, was an author, famous songwriter. He would act through his muses. He couldn't sing himself. Jim Stein. So he got Meat Loaf, he got Celine Dion, he even got Air Supply, who I believe Max Weinberg played with Air Supply in 1986. Do me a favor, go back and visit making love outta nothing Else. Go visit the dinosaurs. That's my request. Go back and visit the dinosaurs and just sort of stand around and see what happens. Okay? And if you get stomped or crushed, that's just what Happens. You're an alumnus of Harvard University. Okay? No, I'm an alumnus of, we gonna say it correctly or not.


don Don't know what that was. University. If you're gonna say it, just say it. You know. Wait, you, you gave a great speech at Dartmouth College. Nope. I gave a great speech. It Drout College. And you may remember the success of your speech, but I remember some of the events that happened surrounding that? We, there were dinners with You came with me when I gave Yes. There were, there were dinners with alumni of that school who have gone on to achieve greatness. Captains of industry, CEOs of major company who I hold on customer service with service with for 45 minutes were coming up and giving me their business card.


And all these people respected and revered you. They wanted to talk to you. They wanted to meet you. Because absent the ability to intimately know somebody, people use certain ative data to assess you as a person. They know what your education is. They know some of the facts that, you know, I know you on an intimate level. I know what they don't know. So while these captains of industry were coming up and respecting you and talking to you, and they had their tweed jackets, and you probably had some tweed jacket as well, because that's the role you play when you go to an Ivy League League school. Yeah. I, yeah, we're all playing characters. I also had a falcon on my shoulder. Yeah. So they're coming up and talking to you I know the real you I know that you're an animal I know that you're, you are eating hot dogs, you're eating Big Macs and your spare time, and then you get all dressed up and cleaned up and you talk intelligently to these academics.


but I know the real you behind the curtain. Okay? That's all I'm saying. Well, if an animal is someone who eats fast food, then call me an animal and call most Americans an animal. I love the United States of America. I really do love this country. And for you to attack it that way, I think is not just scandalous but treasonous. You're, you're so, you're thinking in your head as they're talking to you, you're thinking, yes, they respect me. Yes, I am respectable and sophisticated. And then you go home and, and you shove your face with your crackers or what your crackers of different seed oils or you, or you just squat. Look at it. Lost it. Industrial oil. Soybean oil. Lost the wheels just came off the Charlotte. you get your Ritz, the wheels just came off.


The c And, I, Lady, Crackers. Everything. You're eating Ritz in your hotel room at Dar Dartmouth, you get spiraling, weeping in the corner in your tidy whitey. IR just gave this speech. These people respect me. This is insane. I'm an academic. I'm wearing this tweed jacket. I know you're an animal. You're, you whimpering in the corner eating wrists. We're ending it here. We're adding it here. You know what you've had, you've had a complete breakdown today. Yeah. And I can tell always because you get a fiendish look on your eyes, your eyes arch up, you start to smile. That's Smile's my face. That's the face I have now. No, no, no, no, no. You're talking about my physical condition. You, and then you lost your mind. You started spiraling on the word cracker and you lost it. You flamed out. And now a bunch of men are rushing up to you and pouring foam over you so that you don't burn to death.


Jordan, this was a great episode. It was a great episode because you came outta the gate hot and then you ended up in this spectacular explosion. I feel sorry for you. I feel sorry for anyone who's in your life, but I also love you. And when I say I love you, I'm lying. It's just not true. Anyway, this has been episode two of The Conan and Jordan Show, I think one of the most fascinating shows in the history of any medium. It's unrehearsed. We never know what we're gonna talk about. And we just, how don't we just play with this spinning top that is George Schlansky Medium Comes from the Latin singular media or media being the


Net credit is here to say yes to a personal loan or line of credit when other lenders say no. Apply in minutes and get a decision as soon as the same day loans offered by net credit or lending. Partner banks and service by net credit application subject to review and approval. Learn more at net credit.com/partner.


Net credit credit to the people


Warning people Wake up for peace and quiet McDonald's breakfast people. We wake up for the sweet rush of getting that warm, delicious breakfast right before it ends. Crush your morning goals with a steak, egg and cheese bagel, or any breakfast sandwich and snag another one for just a buck with the buy one. Get one deal only in the McDonald's app. Limited time only at participating. McDonald's valid ones per day must opt into rewards.