
One thing about the entertainment industry, it's easy to earn a reputation, even if it doesn't reflect who you really are. For example, everyone thinks that Discover is a card that isn't widely accepted. Ugh. Did you? Can you believe that? I can't stand people who think that. Yeah, me neither. Those are my least favorite kind of people in reality, it's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. This is a flawed concept. 99%. Yeah. It's almost all of it. Yeah. Almost. But just 1% away. So maybe now you'll think twice before judging a book by its cover. Hello? Unless it's a celebrity cookbook, just stay away from those celebrities. Can't cook in that case, judge. You know what I mean? Whenever a celebrity's making a cake, I think that's a bad cake. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report. Learn more at discovery.com/credit card.


You know, it's nice to have friends who are supportive of what you're into. Yeah, it is. Whether it's hip hop, country mashups, or the latest indie comedy flick, they're just down with what you want at that moment. Yeah. Well, like those friends, State Farm is there. I didn't see that coming. State Farm is there to help you feel supported by helping you choose coverage. Yeah. It's just like choosing coverage, You know, You know, with so many options. It's nice knowing you have help finding what fits for you. Yeah. So you can check coverage off the list and spend time laughing with friends at the movies or whatever else you are into. Maybe going to a rodeo. Just thought of that. Like a good neighbor. State Farm. Is there


A Monday Warrior Drive Today? Mean, mean Drive. All right. It's time for an episode of The Conan and Jordan Show. Of course. We just heard Rush. Oh yeah. And that's one of your favorite bands, if not your favorite band of all time. You hear the growl of that Moog synthesizer indicative of early eighties synthesizers. No, it's actually Moog. It's a Dutch name. It's actually pronounced Mo If you really want. Be accurate. All right. And, and Mo himself. Hey, do A favor. Yes. Do just a quick favor. Yeah. There's a little slice there of go fuck yourself pie. Would you have just a little taste right there? I know a lot of people equate synthesizers with the late eighties sound. That is to say bright and blaring.


I'm talking specifically about 86, 87 and 88. The most horrible arguably year. But when you talk about early eighties, there's more of a buzzy synthesizer sound. Cool. Okay. You came outta the gate so hot, so fast that we're in danger of scaring off the listener, even big fans of yours. Mm. So just take it easy, take a breath and let me introduce people to the concept of Conan and Jordan having a show together. Mm. I'm constantly stopped in the streets by people who say, you have that, that crazy Jordan character. Is he real? And I say, yes, he's absolutely real. And we thought, what better way to delight the serious XM listener then by capturing some of that magic right here in the studio. And that's why you're here, Jordan.


Okay. I understand. And we play that song up front because you have made it very clear. You love rush. You love that Tom Sawyer song. And, and we're here to learn more about you and maybe learn more about our relationship, how we get along, and how we relate to each other. I as human, you as robot from the future I see sent here to destroy us. I'm not completely convinced that we have a show. I feel like when most people get a show, there's some kind of feeling of accomplishment. Will I be financially compensated for this? We'll talk about that. I haven't been engaged. You should, You should just be proud that you're here with Conan O'Brien and that your thoughts are being captured and put out into the atmosphere.


I think that's the achievement money. What does money do? Money just muddies the waters. It soils the whole, the whole enterprise. Don't you believe? I think my artistic services should be adequately compensated. Well, I, first of all, you're calling yourself an artist now. Yes. 'cause you can babble on about a Moog mo synthesizer at length Moog. And If you're an artist, what is your medium? You know The spoken word clearly. Okay. Oh, okay. All right. All right. Some work in oils, some of course in, in Clays. You work in raw irritation. You are, you're a difficult guy to speak to.


And yet I overcome, I overcome my irritation to be with you today because it clearly does delight people. Okay. And That's why we're here. And there's so much to talk about. First of all, when I, I won't name the protein bar, but I have a protein bar here, and you noticed it, and you, you mistook it for a candy bar at first, but it's just a protein bar. It's covered in chocolate, right? I don't think that's chocolate. That's not chocolate. No. There's a brown substance coating your candy bar. Yeah. I don't even know what that is, but it's not chocolate. It doesn't taste good enough to be chocolate. I'm not aware of any alternatives to chocolate that have that brown appearance. Well, I can think of one, but it's called a mc Shitty this bar.


And I enjoy it. I, it, it, it gives me that little something I need in the middle of the day. I traditionally only eat two meals a day. It gives you something you need. It Does. Yeah. What type of protein is in that bar? A low quality protein like pea or soy? Or is it like a high quality whe only protein bar? I don't want to get into it. That's not what we're here to talk about. And I, What's the balance of protein to carbohydrates effect? I don know my, do you just shove something in your mouth because maybe your trainer recommended it? Or did they have it at your gym? I don't understand. Jordan, what Do you think? What you're doing right now is worth monetarily? Yeah. Is this your art right now? What I'm Saying is Bullying someone, This is a slow burn. Why don't you go, you don't have to go for like rapid fire laughs. We are here. People are driving to work.


This is slow and steady. Okay. Anyone listening to this right now has probably stopped their car along the side of a road and possibly is thinking of ending at all. So don't make any assumptions about what the listener is doing. Okay? I don't know what's in here. I actually don't have my glasses in studio Here. Let me borrow yours. Frank. He's look, Frank is letting me borrow his glasses. I can't reveal the name of the bar. Protein blend, soy protein isolate calcium. Go right outta the gate. Genetically modified. Is it genetically modified? Well, I am, I've been genetically modified. No one's this funny naturally or this good looking. Yeah, it's sodium caate.


All this stuff that was in the, in the Bible in the Old Testament is Alkalized Cocoa. Why don't you try like a Rise Brands at Bar, which is just like a hundred percent whey protein. Okay. Alright. Here's your money. There you go. There's your money for your art that you just practiced by irritating me. You know, this actually leads us nicely into our topic today, Okay? Which Is, I wanted to talk to you about nutrition. Now, one of the things that fascinates me about you, Jordan, other than your complete lack of a heart rate or any kind of brain function, what really fascinates me about you is that you, you embody so many contradictions.


I'm fascinated by this strange dichotomy in your diet. You're all about healthy foods, but am I correct? You have a real weakness, fondness for junk foods? Well, there are, like any human being, I'm not impervious to marketing efforts by various large corporations that produced processed food products. I have cravings like anyone else. You always talk like you're in a deposition. Have you noticed that there's not, this is not a deposition. This is a, a conversation between two friends. Me compensated you not. Yes. I don't understand why you talk that way. So you're saying you like junk food. I'm saying I have certain cravings.


I, I, candy is not a particular craving of mine. I I would never eat a bar such as the one you're eating that's covered in a chocolate like substance that smells like chocolate. Looks like chocolate. But according to you may not be chocolate. I I don't have cravings for candy. You know, I'll have like a Tami Soup. I'll have a, that's a no, some ice cream Cher. So, or ice cream. It does not count. I'm talking about, I think I remember going through your office and finding boxes of cereal. Oh, yes. Okay. And, and let's talk about that. Okay. You like children's cereals? Yes. Well, it's, it's interesting that you bring that up. I would say once every three to four years, I'll get a craving for some commercial breakfast cereal.


Okay. And Well, okay, when you say commercial breakfast cereal specifically, what are you talking about? Gimme some brands. Oh, I'm Talking about your Kellogg's, general Mills. Maybe even a Quaker. Those are not, I want specific. Okay. You're telling me about companies. All right, I wanna know. Okay. The names of the cereals. Let tell me the names of the cereals. Okay. Oh, great. Oh, oh, great. Connoisseur of foods. Okay. Tell me what these are. First of All, I do not believe that any b this, every breakfast cereal is healthy. Okay. Even if they're marketed as such, even if they don't have added sugar. I believe the whole concept of extruding wheat or other grains is indigestible to the body. Makes the body work hard. Even supposedly healthy cereal like Cheerios, which is marketed as having whole grains, I don't think is healthy for the human body.


That's my own belief. I'm sorry if I get the show in trouble for saying so. Now. Not at all. Not at all now. No, not at all. Not at all. Okay. And, and first of all, I'm gonna make it clear, those are your views, not mine. Yes. All these serial companies you mentioned, I'm b big fan of, okay. I love those companies and I'd love to be in business with them. Okay? And I'm willing to hawk or market anything that they're selling. Okay? I don't care if it's irradiated, okay? I have no soul. But you, but you, Jordan, if I'm going to fall off the wagon, yes. Understanding that I don't believe any of them are healthy, I'm gonna go for the maximum impact, satiate my craving. So that craving goes away and gimme the names my store in for another three to four years. Gimme the names. Okay. So while I made some new discoveries recently, but historically, I would say my holy grail, my guilty pleasure would've been like Fruit loops.


Now, fruit loops regarding Fruit loops, you have an American version of Fruit Loops and you have a British version of fruit loops. D oh, wait a Minute. Different. There's a British version of Fruit Loops. Difference is, Do they come? Hold on. They have a British version of, of Fruit Loops. First question, is two canned Sam on the box? Yes. Or is it a different bird? No, it is two. Or Is there Bird A lady, which is what the Brits refer to as a lady, a bird who says Toan? Sam isn't a lady. Sam is a gender neutral name. Very good. I like the way you've evolved. Go ahead. There Are certain regulations in the European Union that prohibit the use of artificial colors, for example. So the fruit loops in the UK have different colors. They're colored by natural products, turmeric, spinach, things like this. What, and sure, the colors are a little more muted than the artificially colored product we get here in the United States.


But that's a small price to pay. And furthermore, I found that the fruit loops in the United States have a hydra hydrogenated oil. And the British ones do not. I've never had the pleasure of consuming the British ones. They're not readily available. Why are you, why are you shouting? Why are you shouting no One's? This is my normal tonality. I don't, so the by way, we have a, a man, Eduardo, who can adjust the input level to, to compensate No lower, lower the irritation levels, please. Okay, so, okay. I, I would like to try the British Fruit Loops. Nevertheless, fruit Loops was always my holy grail. And I'll tell you something. Not about Fruit Loops, but about tricks with Jusa General Mills cereal. Okay? So they also have artificial colors here. And a number of years ago, general Mills took the admirable stance and they said, we are going to phase out artificial colors in our cereal.


And I said, finally, our country is moving forward. They listen to the consumer. The consumer votes with their dollar. Consumer trends show people want healthier. McDonald's offers salads now. So now finally they're getting rid of artificial colors. And they did. And of course, the colors were now natural. They were a little more muted, and the cereal tasted exactly the same. And suddenly there was an angry letter writing campaign by Americans complaining about this change. People saying, this is not the cereal I grew up with. I do not want my children having these disgusting colors. And I'm thinking to myself, you're blowing it. You're blowing. We're finally moving forward as a nation. And you're, you're, you're saying the exact opposite of what you should be saying. People are so disappointed that Sherrill wasn't as bright as it used to be.


Tasting exactly the same. And You know what General Mills did? They said, sorry, we made a mistake. And they put the artificial colors back in. And that's regression. And I, I'm incredibly ashamed of this country's reaction to the naturally colored tricks. Well, I love America. I'm a proud citizen of the United States, and it's been very good to both myself and my ancestors. So I disagree. When America makes a decision, I back it 100%. Second of all, you under this impression that people buy their cereals based on the company that made them. No one goes to the supermarket and says, where's the General Mills aisle? Okay. And where's the Kelloggs Aisle? I, I favor General Mills to Kellogg. No One cares. No, just talk about the cereals. I care, I'm telling you going forward.


You know what I mean? No one does that. No one else does that. No one even thinks about who makes these cereals. It's not important. So your dream would be, The dream was Fruit Loops. Okay? But recently I had one of my cravings that I wanted to satisfy, and I was in the supermarket. So I went to the cereal aisle and I said, let me just take care of this, nip this in the bud, and then it will disappear. And I can eat normal unprocessed foods for another three years. So I filled my basket with my Holy Grail fruit loops. And then I mixed it up a little bit. I also did Golden Grahams, which I was also one that I have liked historically. And I went with a Lucky Charms, which is like a wild card, guilty pleasure, another one of those super sugary cereals. And then I went with Quaker cereal.


Life, life is not quite as sweet as some of the other ones. And that was, again, we Don't need to know the company. Just say life. Okay, life cereal. Now I did some experimenting and I had some revelations about these cereals. Now, as a grown man, You know, I change as I go through life. And my reaction every few years is different than the previous occasion. So I determine that while life, I still enjoy the taste and it, it's lower sugar than the others. There was some digestive instability. What? Did you get the runs? Did you get the shits? There was some digestive in, did you, Did you blow up? Did you blow up gaskets south of the border.


What Happens? Sometimes you feel stable in the gastrointestinal track and sometimes you don't. So you had a, whatever. You had a six hour make session. There was no, first of all, you had, I don A six hour makeout session with your toilet. Is that what happened? I don't wanna overstate this. There was no violent reaction. I'm, I'm aware of the subtleties of my body. You see, I look deep beneath the surface. Subtleties Of your body subtleties. It sounds like you ate something. I don dunno why you're laughing. I'm not laughing. I, I think this is, look at you, you look maniacal. You Look my face. Lemme tell you something. If that's your, I don don't need, I don't need a violent explosion to tell me something is wrong. I know I can detect subtleties in my body, in my own digestion. Well, How subtle was it? You may not have even noticed it, but I'm telling you, I felt, I mean, I, I'm not, I'm you.


I I'm not, I'm not hanging, hanging. My body studied, I hanging out by your toilet. Why you keep bringing out the, to the toilet? Because who mentioned you had said, you said you had, I said there were digestive instability. Digestive Instability usually means one thing For you. It does because you're a man of extremes. Okay? So you to hear this and you imagine, you imagine a man on a toilet bowl, You know, beat red face, sweat flying off his body, shaking. Are you talking about whatcha are you talking about What I'm telling you is, do you need to know this particulars? Isn't the fact that there's digestive instability already a red flag to stay away from life Serial again, no, no offense to the Quaker Road Company. This was only my personal, not From the company. This is my own personal reaction. I don't mention the companies. I do a lot of business out there.


What I'm saying, I am a very business, a friendly comic. I like What I'm saying is I prize my gastrointestinal stability. I like to, I like to have certain conditions. I like to be, I like to feel empty light. Okay? Light on my feet. I don't wanna be bloated. I don't want excess bulk. I just wanna be empty. You don't Wanna be running to the toilet at three in the morning. Listen To me. Does the toilet scream when it sees you coming? There's a pressure. It's a subtle pressure. Okay. You feel a pressure in your bowel. Yeah, sometimes. Sure. And it's very subtle. Okay? It's Not that subtle. So the problem is when you have, when you have this pressure, it desensitizes the bowel to what normal pressure should feel like. Anyway, regardless.


Let's move on from that. So I eliminated life. So that's your critics food critics, that's your food, your food critics report on life cereal. In my case, there was some, some digestive instability, A heaviness in the bowel. An in in, in unstable subtle pressure. Okay? So I rejected life cereal from the running, although I did enjoy the taste. And there are some people that may be completely stable. I can't speak for your own experience. Right? Okay. So I put life aside. Now Fruit Loops was not as great as I remembered it. In the end, I found it monotonous. The Fruit Loops. It was a one one tone. And what really surprised me was fruit was Lucky Charms.


Let me talk a little bit about luck. I made Discover I, can I say I'm a fan of Lucky Charms? Okay, well there was a time when I was a child when I thought, well maybe this is a misrepresentation of the Irish people. But I came to embrace it. Sure. And I love Lucky Charms. Here's my take on Lucky Charms. Okay? First of all, I remove half the marshmallows. I found that there are too many marshmallows as it comes stock from the manufacturer. No, no. There's too many of a good thing. The Marshmallows are like the best part. I'm not saying they're not, they actually, I'm saying less is more. They actually, I think there's been a movement to have them make a lucky charms. That's only the marshmallows. And I would be behind that. Okay. Because, because the other part of Lucky Charms is just a conventional, You know. Well, it's funny you bring that up. And I made a discovery. Now they are made with General Mills and I cognize that. Stop mentioning the names that's leading to something Of the companies.


I recognize that the flavor of the non marshmallow part was very familiar to me. And then I realized they're Cheerios, they're Honey Nut Cheerios. They are sweetened Cheerios plus marshmallow. Same company, same ingredients of the non marshmallow portion. You just, You know, I'm Saying is, You know, you just did, you just blew the lid off this thing because I did. And If you remove half of the marshmallows and you eat Lucky Charms, you're eating Cheerios, sweetened Cheerios plus some extra bonus marshmallows. Yeah, there They're, here We go. Lucky Charms. All Right, here's Lucky Charms. And they've got all Yeah. Take out half the marshmallows. I No, don't take out half the marshmallows. I love the marshmallows. You can have, you can have half of my marshmallows. Well, Okay, we should share an apartment then, because then I could get all the marshmallows and you could just eat whatever this other, I mean basically that's a packing material they put in there.


Did You know that Amazon uses this as their packing material when they ship? I love the marshmallows and I also love when I was a kid, they just had, these just were monochromatic. It was just an all yellow or an all gold. Alright? Now they have different faded colors. They've spray painted each marshmallow. See what you're individually, you see what you're encouraging this use of artificial colors as those people that wrote those letters to General Mills did. It tastes really good. This stuff, I think, I think, I think you were right. I'm gonna say this. I don't agree with you on much. And I think a lot of what you've said is pure idiocy and lunacy. But your choices are correct. Oddly enough, fruit Loops are superior and lucky Charms are superior.


I both got FALs. See, I told you I was disappointed by Fruit Loops in The, and I'm now, I'm just eating the marshmallows and You know what? I'm in heaven. Yeah. I actually feel wasteful when I throw away half my marshmallows. It's good to know that you would've appreciated Them. Don't you save them for me. Can you save them for me? You know what? You can buy your own marshmallows. There's, it's ridiculous to suggest that I would save them and transport them to you. Do you Want some Fruit Loops? Yeah. Lemme try the Fruit Loops. Take a Look. Take a look at the British Fruit Loops and understand that they taste the same. And tell me If you would really? Yeah, I can't wait till my at customs at Heathrow and they say, what's your business here in London, Mr. O'Brien? And I say, I'm here to check out your fruit loops.


I'm laughing at you. Not with you. Are there other foods besides cereals that you go crazy for? I mean, is it, are You talking about processed Foods? Yeah, processed foods. I mean, I know that you like Pop-Tarts. I know that you like, I don't like Pop-Tarts. That Was I found in Your office probably. Yeah. In 2008. Okay. So what happened In 2007, by the way? Aired in early 2008. Okay. I'm a good driver. That was December. Good driver. We shot it in December. Watt's on at five. Okay. Good driver. That's great. I'm happy for you that you're happy. Yeah. Other pro, pro. No, processed foods are not my weakness. So your Aber behavior you say comes in cravings. I do wanna make, I call something to your attention.


Okay. I am a fan of, of crime. True crime. And I've done a lot of work Crime itself or documentaries about crime. I love crime. Okay. I'm a coward myself. But if I could get away with it, I would. All right, go ahead. But serial killers specifically, many of them have described it's an urge that comes over them every couple of years. And then they go insane. Their eyes get demonic the way yours did when you were talking about Fruit Loops and Lucky Charms. And they commit these horrible acts. Their face is splattered with blood and then they compose themselves. They clean up the scene and they go back to their quote, regular lives where they're very contained and robotic. You exhibit all of the same traits. It's the same.


It really is the same. The only difference being that some men kill people and some men eat cereal. You say tomato. I say tomato. Yeah. You're a murderer through true. Well, you can, well you can eat your soy protein impervious to any criticism while I'll consume high quality whey protein. And once every three years I'll have some lucky charms. All right. Well I think we've exhausted this issue. And by the way, that means that I, you've exhausted me. I want nothing more to do with you. We're gonna take a little break. We'll be right back.


I went to a party recently. It was a rager by my friend Rodman. Yeah. Yeah. He had the, he had the tunes bumping. It was really fun. And it was special to me. 'cause when you get together with good friends, good chums amigos pals from the past. Yeah. Celebrating important occasions means more moments with the coolest people in your life. For me, that's gotta be Rodman. I have so many cool people in your, I have so many. Cool. You're just like, yeah, so cool. I do. Yeah. I love the coolest friends. Cheers to 50 years of Miller Lite. The greatest tasting light beer for people who love beer since 1975. Yeah. You know what I say? What? I say it's Miller time. There. You do. I do. It's the 50th anniversary of Miller Light. Did You know that? I didn't so many times whether I've been out at sea. Oh, okay. Yeah. You know, on someone's yacht. And I'll crack open a Miller Light. Or whether I'm scaling a volcano. Oh yeah. It's just about to erupt. 'cause that's the best time to see a volcano when you can feel the tremors. And I crack open a Miller Light. Miller Light. That's what I'm talking about. It's great taste. It's 96 calories and I did a study myself. It is 96 calories. Go to Miller light.com/kona to find delivery options near you. Or you can pick up some real light pretty much anywhere they sell beer. It's Miller Time. Celebrate responsibly Miller Brewing Company in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories and 3.2 carbs per 12 ounces.


You know, one of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. Do You know what I mean? Yeah. It's ridiculous. It's crazy. Yeah. It's like, Hey Santa Claus, get your bathing suit over here. Oh my God. Hey, he doesn't need a bathing suit. He is up at the North Pole. What did I waste my time for? Yeah. And he is got elfs. Exactly. They can make it. Okay. You're ruining the point I was trying to make. Yes. No. One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. Fortunately, LinkedIn is a network of over 1 billion businessy people who might actually be interested in your business. You can target your buyers by job title, industry, company roles, seniority skills, or company revenue. So stop wasting budget on the wrong audience and start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will give you a hundred dollars credit on your next campaign, so you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco, that's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions supply only on LinkedIn ads.


Want the same expert advice from the pros at a Discount Tire store while shopping for tires online? Meet Treadwell your personal tire guide. Treadwell is an online tire buying guide that gives you personalized recommendations. Shop for tires with treadwell at Discount Tire dot com.


In golf. Precision is everything on and off the course. PGA of America chose advanced 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business, for smooth operations and seamless transactions. Together we enhance ticketing and concessions for better fan experiences. From gate to green, this is pro-level efficiency. This is PGA of America with T-Mobile for business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash now.


Hey, we're back. I'm here with my co-host Jordan Schlansky. Jordan, when I walk this earth and I do walk this earth, people are always asking me about you. Do you get questions when you walk around? Do people come up to you and say, Hey, I know you, you're, you're that guy, Jordan, who They do. Yeah. And, and, and what's their, what do you hear from those people? What's the feedback you're getting? Well, the mere fact that people approach and oftentimes want a photo or a selfie already tells me that they're appreciative of the work that I guess you and I do together. The artistic work, our contribution. Well, People have tried, You know, if they see Sasquatch, they try and get a photo.


So it's not always a compliment. It's like a, oh Jesus, there it is. Lemme try and get a photo of it in real life, let before it scurries away. But people are nice to you. Yes, they are. Do they question you about our relationship in real life? I can't recall any questions about you in particular. Oh, Really? They're not interested in me at all. I got questions about myself, but, You know, that's fair. That's my own experience. I I You might get questions about you and not me. No. I only get questions about you. How Often do you hear people ask you what you do on the show and what your, what your duties are?


Generally, it comes from Conan. No one else asks me what I do. It's a fascination of yours. Well, It's a fascination. I I have to say, while we're in the course of the time that we've been doing this, this radio show, you've constantly asked me when you're gonna get paid. And I think there's no proof that you've actually done anything for me in 25 years of employment. And yet you've been steadily paid. So I'm just curious, why should I pay you at all? You may owe me tons and tons and tons of back pay from years, years of working for me and being well compensated and living a very nice life and going to wonderful restaurants and traveling the world and doing what I can tell is nothing.


Every time I've quizzed you on what you do on the show, you have no idea. And now all I do is want to chat with you briefly on the serious channel. And what do you say repeatedly? When am I getting paid? How much am I getting paid? Where's my money? That's offensive. I thought we were friends. Yeah. Nevertheless, I believe that artistic contribution should be compensated. What is art? What are you talking about? Art. There's no art Here. What I'm talking about in, when I'm finally engaged by Sirius and given a contract, I expect to be referred to as the artist in parentheses. That's generally how these things work. Are you an artist when You walk your dog and it poops?


Do you say, ah, the artist is done. I would like to now frame his work and pick it. Is that, is that your, is that, is that your attitude about what art is? Yeah. I I don't have a dog. What I'm telling you, it was A hypothetical dog. Yes. And why do you hate dogs? What I'm telling you is I'm not, you don't, respons don't, I'm not responsible for the US financial system and the, the business model that exists where If you work, you get paid for that work. I, I didn't invent that, but nevertheless, that's where we are. And I just, I just, I'm going through here. Your eyes are crazy again. I'm just going through life, society like everyone else. Your eyes are insane again, right? Are you aware what happens to your eyes? You want me to do it for you? I, I don't know. Your Eyes get very wide. Okay. The, There's a sharp break, a crazy break in the eyebrows, and you get a frozen smile.


Otherwise known as a rectus, a frozen smile of a grinning goul. The smile that a corpse gets. So when it starts to, You know, decompose the muscles pull back and it gets a frozen, eerie, crazy smile. The death mask. That's your face. These are my human expressions. I did not craft this. I didn't ask for this body. I was given this clearly not musculature. No asked for that. I was given this facial structure. And that's the way my facial structure reacts to any number of stimuli. But you could Work on it. Have you worked on trying to have a regular smile? No, I have not worked on trying to have a regular smile. Well, You should work on it a little bit. You know, you only get one life. You don't wanna walk around and every time What do your kids think when you start smiling on their birthday?


And they think, why is that? I haven't Had complaints about my smile other than from you. They're terrified Of You. I haven't had Your children don't wanna talk. You Do. Other than from you. They're terrified of you. Yeah. Sometimes A child is smile. A child is too afraid when there's a a, a mass grinning murderous clown in the house. A child doesn't go up to it and say, let's talk about this. So I'm just saying, you have, there's a chance here. You should talk to your wife and maybe there's, there's, we can help you. So what's your specific complaint right now? What's your grievance? That my smile is, look Aesthetically, here we go. Pleasing. Yeah. I don it's, it doesn't, is that what you needed to express? It looks Evil. Okay. It's sort of evil and, and midnight hold. Okay. So Jordan, you're gonna, we've agreed you're gonna work on your smile and on just being a little more normal.


Okay. That will make you more comfortable for me to have a different smile. I, I guess I could consider it. I know that it's within my past. Hey, your, How's your workout regimen? What are you doing these days? Oh Yes. Well, You know, this is a complex question. I don't, it really isn't. Possibly beyond the scope of this simplest, medium, Simplest, simplest question of all. What's your workout regimen? What are you doing? Yes. Well, primarily I like to lift heavy objects. I believe in resistance training, also known as strength training. I stress my muscles beyond their capacity to prompt them to grow larger and Stronger. We all Why do you do that? Everyone knows what building muscle involves. You don't have to explain the process.


I don't know if everybody knows you take that for granted. 'cause you have high powered trainers. The point is, If you don't stress your muscle trainers, you have to work out to failure. Okay? You have to work out until you can't lift another rep. Well Buddy, you're there. Look at your face. You just took a torpedo of midships. You're going down by the bow of all my employees. You're the one that's been the most honest with me over time about my appearance. Okay. And it's not always easy for me to hear. Oh. And sometimes it's very painful for me to hear, but could you just tell me how you think I'm looking these days? Oh, how you're looking these days. Well be honest.


And you don't have to be mean If you don't on purpose. Oh, first of all, we need to be relative. We need to be relative to your age. Okay? I'm not going to assess you as If you are a 20-year-old. Do you look as good as a 20-year-old? No, of course not. You wouldn't expect to. So there's that. So you've got, You know, age and You know, there are a certain, look, you're a a nice guy. I mean, what I'm saying is Jesus. What I'm saying, Christ. No. Look. Look, there're physically I not, wait a minute. I'm a nice guy. Physically speaking. Physically speaking, you have strengths. Okay, well What's hear about those? You got great posture. And for a taller guy, You know what, most people, when they hit puberty, people that are tall, they kind of developed a hunch stance.


'cause they're trying to like dimitar themselves. 'cause they feel a little imposing. Not me. No, I didn't hit puberty. No, I just skate, but I stayed erect is What you're saying. No. For a tall man, you're quite, you are quite erect. You, you stand with good posture. But Why are you, I mean, you can say clearly I work out. Isn't that clear to you? Well, I know that you work out because I know you and we've, it's come up in discussion. Yeah, sure. But No, but when you look at me, When I look At you, be honest. Come on. You can tell I'm in pretty good Shape. Well, who knows what you would look like If you didn't work out. So by that reckoning, I'm guessing that working out has certain benefits to your, you talking about visually, you wanna know how you visually look. Yeah. When I walk into a room, what are you thinking?


Well, look, a man is a complex sum of his parts. And then, and then some. I don't just dissect your physical appearance and separate it out from everything else. When you walk into a room, I say there's a, there's a man and he's got some strengths. This is, this is like the worst day of my life. What can I, what can I do? I don't Why it's so hard. How can I help you? Right. I hear a lot of compliments from some of the people that work here, younger people. And they say, oh, you look really good and you look thin. You look like you work out thin. And you, you don't say any of those things. Well, I don't know what kind of feedback you're looking for. Do you want thin? Well, sure. I mean, you're not obese, so, You know, I mean, I've seen you different weights over the years.


That's okay. There were different strains and pressures over time. Sometimes I probably self-medicated with food, but I think I've got it all under control Now. Yeah. I mean, look, this is not 2000, late 2004, early 2005. Oh, that's, I mean, You know this, That's when, that's the period when you really thought I went to shit, didn't you? No. You looked great. That's when you looked great. Late 2000. That's When I looked right. No, you had a good, a good few years. Even through 2007, few years, You know, few years. Yeah. No, I can hear. I mean at, at your peak. When, when what do you mean peaks? Is this the lowest you've ever been? No. This Is the, this is a, a lot of people think I look younger than say a 60-year-old man would normally look. Oh, do you think that's true? Yeah. Yeah. I'd say so. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. You're not, I mean, 60, is that like a senior citizen by, by the strictest definition?


I don't know. When, when do you not have to take your shoes off at the airport? 62. No, I'm just saying like, I don't understand what's considered elderly, but, but you do not look elderly. Thank you. If 60, if people think 60 is elderly, and I'm pretty surprised you, you do. I think there's a good chance I could take you in a fight. I think I would tear you apart. Yeah. Yeah. You've got height. Yeah. No, you do Muscle. Not muscle, but have you strong muscle tone muscle. Absolutely. I could totally rip you Apart. Yeah. Yeah. Even at your worst in 2000, You know, one, two, I was upset. There was a lot of horrible things happening in the world. Yeah, yeah. So I ate the pizza pie. What's the problem? Every now and then, terrible things would happen. And I would compensate by eating nothing. Pizza. Pizza To buy. So when you say you had a bad year, like nutritionally speaking, what are we talking late night binges, like what were you doing to gain that problem?


I was doing everything. I'm just saying, how does it happen? Why wasn't in horse and Wells? Explain to me was it just, was writing in and saying that I was the tub of late night. What I'm Saying, was it just that every meal was slightly bigger? Were you just eating late at night before being at rest? What Was the, You know, my issue, my issue is I can be, I can really lock it down, but then like you, I have times of insanity. Okay. What? And there was some the in times of insanity, But are you eating like hot dogs? Like large quantities of Hot dogs? Anything? I get into my fat face, right? Like a snake. I would unhinging my jaw and I would shove stuff in there. Was It portion size that got you? Was there like Portion? It was everything, right? Everything. And yes, I was, I somewhat monstrous for months, several months maybe in 2001. But then I snapped right back into this immaculate form and you're still beating me over the head because I went off the rails for a couple of months.


I'm answering the question that was asked of me. You look better than you did back in the early two thousands. Okay, thanks A lot. And, and you say that I'll never get back what I had in the late two thousands. By The way, I've deteriorated as well. I mean, I mean I'm answering No, we're not talking about mentally. We're talking about physically. Yes. I've deteriorated as well. It, it, I would expect you to deteriorate. I'm not deteriorating. I'm a, I'm a I I. Every day I get better and better or stronger and stronger. He looks good for, for, You know, for what? I don't even think four. I think I look fine. You look fine. Fine is a good word for it is a perfect word. This is terrible. Eduardo, would you weigh in? Sure. Well, I mean, well is only thing he's saying, do you think he's being a little hard, harsh or do you think he's he's accurate.


You can be say whatever you want, then you can work someplace else tomorrow. Great. For, for six. No, no one said that's why does it always for that Age, it's saying we see the world through a subjective lens. You understand? We consider a number of possibilities. You don't exist in a vacuum. Your physical appearance doesn't exist in a vacuum. When I look at you, I think of your life circumstance. I think of your aura. I think of so many things that are far more important than your physical shell. Physically. Sure. You're deteriorating as, as, as we all are. And it will only get worse. And not even on a linear scale. It will be exponential. It's gonna go fast. Do you think I'll go downhill fast? The Difference between 60 and 70 will be far more dramatic than the difference between 50 and 60. 60. I don't think so. I think 60 and 70, I'm gonna do pretty well. I think 70 to 72 is when I go right in the shitter.


I think that's when I become just a total mess. What I'm saying, there'll be times when you look back on this video, for example, and you say, God, I was an adonis back then. Right? Look at me now. I'm saying this is from this point forward, as good as it's gonna get for you. Now sure you can make certain improvements to your lifestyle nutritionally speaking, but that's not Gonna change that much. Right, exactly. I could go to Britain and have their fruit loops, but it's not gonna get that much better. You know? But I'm saying this is the beauty of the human experience. There's a rise and a fall. This is the period where, look, I didn't make these rules of nature, but they, they exist. Your body is useless to human evolution at this point. You, you, we know that you have value to us, but mother nature doesn't know this.


Your, your genetic programming doesn't know this. You are as, as You know, potentially everyone in this room, a couple of very good looking men in here. You are deteriorating. You are, you are in the decline. The de crescendo, the plummet. Alright, well this has been fun. Well, I wanna, I wanna ask you a question. Okay. You were saying that there, you were kind of beating around the bush, those two bad years, the decline years. Oh yeah. What was wrong with him in those years? In your, okay, well in your estimation, And thank you Frank. Yeah, My pleasure. You see I'm being prompted to be critical and then I will be criticized for being critical. What's worth mentioning is when people do decline, sometimes they decline in different ways.


Okay? We have different deficiencies. For whatever reason, your own particular deficiency was somewhat unique among the people that I know. Sometimes I see people get bellies, I see people, You know have lose muscle mass. You had a very specific deficiency. Your face and your body itself stretched horizontally. You widened your face widened. I don't understand the mechanics of it because I was with Child. What I'm saying is I was carrying a Baby unless there was like, I was Carrying a baby. Okay? So now in case there was like an injection of human growth hormone to widen the, the bone structure of your jaw. I don't understand the mechanics of it. Look at My face now. Does it look the same?


Is it too wide? Now You look. You look okay. You're not, is It too wide? Why don't you fucking say I look good? I'm a good looking man. Why can't you say That you have strengths? You, you definitely have strengths. Alright, we're out. You definitely have strength. That's it. We're out. We're out. We're out. You know, that's it. Anyway, this has been The Conan and Jordan Show soon to be just the Conan show again. And I'm very depressed. I'm gonna go have, I'm gonna go have wine and it is, it's a little after two o'clock in the afternoon as we record this, I'm gonna have a lot of wine and that face is gonna plump up real nice. But Jordan, thank you for joining me. I do appreciate It. It's my pleasure.


That's The mini mogue. You see that growl? It's a growl. Yeah, it's a, yeah. No one cares. This Is your favorite band. Bob Mogue. Dutch name of course. Milk just like a stroke. Waffle. You are familiar with the Dutch treat? Stroke V The OO. Stroke meaning a syrup. No, I didn't know that. Waffle meaning Waffles. Yeah. Waffle is of course waffle. We were just, I was just informed we were just canceled. Yeah. Wait. Nope. I just heard we were back. Who was even assessing this Show? The Conan and Jordan Show with Conan O'Brien and Jordan Schlansky is produced by me, Frank Smiley, executive produced by Adam Sacks, Jeff Ross and Jim McClure, engineering in mixing by Eduardo Perez.


Our supervising producer is Andrew Gru, talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Patista and Brit Kahn. The theme song is Tom Sawyer by Rush. You can rate and review this show on Apple podcasts and you might find your review Red on a future episode. Got a question for Conan and Jordan? Call the Team Coco hotline (669) 587-2847 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. And If you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend wherever. Find podcasts or downloaded. And be sure to subscribe and tune into Conan O'Brien radio channel 1 0 4 on SiriusXM.


You know what tomorrow is? It's that day you do something monumental or seemingly inconsequential. Start a new job, leave an old one, a big date or a small gathering drinks with a new someone or simply to strut past an old flame. So celebrate in style. Step out and stack on flash. A look of bold 14 karat gold layer that fit with the solitaire diamond drip. Whatever the reason Jared Jewelers has the perfect on-trend way to show the world you did it. So tomorrow you be the one who went to Jared.


My name is Lily and I've had Hydradenitis Suppurativa Hs. For years. I finally found some relief since taking Cosentyx. Relief means I can show up more. Cosentyx secukinumab is prescribed for adults with moderate to severe hydrus sustiva hs. Don't use if you're allergic to Cosentyx before starting get checked for tuberculosis. An increased risk of infections and lowered ability to fight them may occur like tuberculosis or other serious bacterial, fungal, or viral infections. Some were fatal. Tell your doctor If you have an infection or symptoms like fevers, sweats, chills, muscle ache, or cough had a vaccine or plan to. Or if inflammatory bowel disease symptoms develop or worsen serious allergic reactions and severe eczema like skin reactions may occur. Learn more at 1-844-COSENTYX or cosentyx.com. Ask your dermatologist about Cosentyx.