
Your next crime family Sock Obsession is coming this March to Paramount Plus Mob Land, an explosive new series from the underworld of Guy Ritchie Stars, Tom Hardy Pierce Brossman, and Helen Meen go inside the Harrigan crime family who will stop at nothing to ensure they come out on top in a war that threatens to topple empires and destroy lives. New series Mob Land streaming March 30th on Paramount Plus.


How hot do you like it? Firehouse Subs is churning up the heat. They've teamed up with hot ones to create two new sandwiches. The zesty garlic hook and ladder is the milder option. Can you believe that? Those still packed with flavor. And for the bravest spice chasers, the spicy dill hook and ladder sandwich is sure to be a three alarm ion. Well, Sona bla. You guys sampled the wares today? We did, yes. You had yourself those hook and ladder sandwiches. How were they? They were Great. And they had a kick. Yeah, They did. I, I did the zesty garlic hook and ladder. Oh. And, and I loved it. I took a walk in the wild side with the spicy dill hook and ladder, and it was great. I loved Them. Well, I'm glad you guys enjoyed yourselves. Find out how hot you like it. Try the zesty garlic and spicy deal, hook and ladder at Firehouse Subs for a limited time, life doesn't go on forever. You gotta grab the moment, dude. Visit Firehouse subs.com to find a restaurant near you. Individuals sensitive to spice or the Carolina Reaper Pepper should not consume this spicy dill hook and ladder. Limited time at participating Firehouse Subs restaurants.


A Monday Warrior mean means drive today. Time. So You mean mean Drive? Yes. Hey there. If you're hearing that song, it means it's The Conan And Jordan Show. That's correct. You know, as I was listening to that song, something occurred to me, let's give him a shout out by Rush, I believe listening to it, that that's the 2015 Sean McGee master, he works at Abbey Road Studios. He did The Beatles 2009 CD set. Anyway, it's got good dynamic range, but I just thought of a new show. You know, I have a hobby that you may not be aware of. I collect various CD pressings from all over the world. I didn't know that. Yeah. So modern music is generally standardized, and whatever country you live in, you're getting the same CD quality.


But back in the eighties and nineties, CDs in different countries had different sounds. They were mastered by different people. And I always pick my favorite. I've spent many thousands of dollars on this hobby. I have my favorite versions of moving pictures. In fact, the atomic CD from Mercury with the matrix number ending from three to five is my favorite. Anyway, so here's my idea. Can I just say one Thing? Yeah. I don't believe in judging other people's passions. Okay. But that's A stupid hobby. Okay. Because, well, no one listens to CDs anymore. It's an outmoded. I'm not done yet. Well, you like music. You and, and if I tell you, I can give you the best Beatles pressing, whatever you're listening to Rubber Soul on, I can give you a better version of rubber Soul. Okay. I would take the 1965 stereo, two cut vinyl pressing by a certain vinyl ripper that I know.


Yeah. But my whole point is, I think you are the ripper. My point is my, my my point is, Jordan. Yes. Before you get into your idea. Yes. I just wanna slow you down because you came out of the gate hot. Yes. Well, I was inspired. You were like a bucking bronco. We play that song because that's one of your, your favorite band is Rush. Yes. And you got to know them because of the fame that you accrued on my show. You got to know Rush. Yeah. And they actually let you come out at one of their concerts on stage with them, which I'm, I imagine a few. A couple. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, I, one time you were invited and the other time you sort of the stage. But my point, and I'm getting to my point, is that you heard, that's why we play the Rush song up top is because you're a fanatic for it.


But then you launch in this whole thing about CDs. Everyone, every audio file agrees that CD is not the way to listen to music Respond. Okay. Well, this is a cliche and a theory by those that are uneducated. Sometimes a vinyl pressing will sound, you're Calling Neil Young, uneducated Jack White, uneducated. I know Neil. These are, are master musicians. Neil Young appreciates the value of dynamic range. It was featured heavily in his pono music service. Nevertheless, sometimes the format itself is mostly irrelevant. Okay. What is relevant is the particular mastering. So sometimes the CD will have the better mastering. Sometimes the vinyl will have the better mastering. Yes. I have so much to say on this subject. I know You do. Yeah, but can I, I'm, I'm, I'm here to help you. Yes.


First of all, you understand that the, the point of doing a show on the radio like this is to get people to listen. Yeah. Okay. Get them hooked. Yeah. You are driving them out right now. So say you, there are people, there's a community. No, I'm part of online forums. There's a community People I know of people like I know you're a part of online forums and I know that you guys It Is, it's called the Jordan Schlansky Music Hour. Okay. I bring in my extensive collection of music. No, This is, this is The Conan and Jordan Show. No, I am talking. Do you need content for this station? Because I have an idea. This is free content. I do an hour every week and I play my favorite pressings of different songs. John Parr's saying almost fired. Do You know that the first note is up cut on most of the CD releases?


However, there's one particular one where the note is intact. Don't you think your viewers would wanna hear that? Okay. I'm just turning to our SXM official in the room. Identify yourself, sir, If you don't mind very quickly, Andrew Gru, Andrew Gru and Andrew Gru. Andrew. And just, and be completely honest, because you guys run a business at SXM is what Jordan's pitching of interest to you. It feels a little niche. Yeah. But I'm willing to hear an hour. Yeah. Oh my God. But I also have facts about these songs. People Don't understand. This is, that is not what I wanted, Bruce Gross. That was your chance to shut, that was your chance to put out a forest fire. I have Some things to say about Andrew Gru since we've brought him up.


Love Andrew Gru by now. Here's why. Here's why I think Andrew Gru has a such charisma and is such a compelling person. Okay. Physically. He's a very powerful man. Powerful and imposing. I think we all Agree. You are. You like 6 6, 6 sevens. Okay. He's 6, 6 7. He's tall. He's got a great musculature. Go. His posture is, I thought you were married. Okay. Yeah. You know mean. Okay, so, hi. His posture is solid. He feels like he would not blow over, but he is the sweetest, most gentle guy. And I think it's, Are you gonna use, are you gonna use the term gentle giant? Yeah. He's a gentle giant, but it's his sweetness in combination with his physical nature that makes him so fascinating. And it reminds me of kind of Michael Crawford, the original Phantom of the Opera.


Okay. Alright. Who start, who started in 1986 in the West Ends and then moved to Broadway in 1988. Listen. Yeah. He was a menacing character. Okay. Jordan. Jordan. And he was terrifying. But he had an effeminate voice. He, when he would sing high those notes, it's kinda like early Billy Joel before cigarettes got to him. If you look at the 1975 old gray whistle test performance of piano, man, his voice is so pure and high. Yeah. And it's that combination of the masculine, rough and tumble nature with that. Right. Frank, that's not helping. You know, that's just, that's cruel. And that's an old cliche of this falling asleep. And we're not gonna do that here. We are gonna rise above that. I'm just gonna tell him to shut his Yap. Okay. You've gotta stop now, Jordan. Yes. I Like this. Seems to be a back and forth. Yeah. And I feel what's happening here is I take the tennis ball and I hit it over to your side across the net, and you grab it and you shove it up your ass and walk away.


There's no, there's no back and forth here, I'm saying. So let's not do that. Let's have a real conversation. But I think we should have free time. Like I know you have scheduled things, an agenda, If you will, but I think we should leave time to just discuss things that are interested, but we're interested by it at any particular time. No, No. That one would find interesting. Yeah. I think should be the, the key. Not just that you find interesting. Well, me and you, because we are 50% stakeholders in this show. Not financially. Of course. Of course not. Yes. No, you'll never see a dot From this. But, but in terms of content, I would would like to think, let's talk About something that is relatable. Why's something I would like to ask you. Why is it that you wear that same shirt on every Episode? Oh, yes. The, the famous practice of Albert Einstein as, it's e Excuse me, it's Einstein.


Oh no, it's Einstein. No, he was in German people. I know, but people just say Einstein. That's Just, well, I say Einstein in the country of Germany where he comes, he said, Einstein, you Are not in Germany right now. You just say Einstein, I Don't need to be in Germany. I know how to pronounce the man's name. It's Einstein. I, I I I've lived a good long life. I've spoken to many people. This great mind has come up many times. I've never heard anybody say Einstein. Well, now you've heard it. Alright. I okay if I, I just, I wish I had a mild acid, a very mild acid that I could throw on you As described by Jeff Goldblum in 1986 is the Fly by David Cronenberg. Albert Einstein wore the same outfit every day. So he didn't have to devote mental energy into choosing his outfit.


We, we are weak Steve Jobs by every decision we made. Steve, Steve Jobs did the same thing. He always wore the same outfit. It goes Back to Albert Einstein, Einstein and Steve Jobs. But, but my point, Jordan, is that I see why they didn't want to devote valuable energy right. Of the mind. But you have, I don't want put this in a way that's not insulting, but, You know, I would be okay with you using up some of your brain not on rush or on the best place to get a weird up cut of a CD for Saint Almost Fire and a little more on just picking out a shirt. I'd Be fine with that. I wanna avoid the up cutt. Nobody wants the up cutt. Everybody wants that solid first note.


I'm fine with the saint almost fire that came out. Right. You don't know what you're fine with. You take what you're giving, you subscribe to compressed music services. I like Uncompressed High Dynamic. Do You know The lyrics? Music to Saint Almost Fire? Yeah. Let's hear 'em. What part would you like? Just go growing up. But You know what I, we talked about, We talked about You got it or you don't have it. I could see a new horizon underneath the blazing sky. I'll be where the Eagles are flying higher and higher. You're Under arrest. Yeah. You're under arrest for knowing that much of it. And You know what? Yeah. No, judge Charles, You know, charge in charge. I, we Kind Charles in charge of our days and our nights Charles in charge of our wrongs and our rights.


I want Charles in charge of me now. It's cool that I know that show. You know what? I don't like the second season of all the sitcoms. Like, let's take Perfect Strangers, great, great theme song. Sometimes the world looks perfect. And then the second season, they always had to add this keyboard flourish. Yep. Or, or look at growing pains, You know, show me that smile again. But the second season, Jennifer Warrens has to join and make it a duet. And she doesn't add, like, her lyrics are the same lyrics that were originally there. She doesn't add anything. She just echoes the original lyrics. You Know what? I love the world right now, many people believe is in a very dire position. War, violence, hatred, climate madness. We could be seeing the end of civilization as we know it. And you, these are the things that you want to talk about.


These are the things that you're impassioned about. Negativity doesn't lessen my passion for the things that I love. And in fact, it, it enforces it. Yeah. No. Yeah. Well, I admire that. I wanna talk about something you, I agree with you about negativity. I'm gonna bring up a positive thing, which is that you and I both had birthdays last week. That's right. Yours was April 13th. Yes. And mine was April 18th. Yes. Did you have a nice birthday? My birthday was adequate. How did you celebrate it? You know, I am, I'm a private man. Some say an introvert, some say an observer of humanity. I like to be the observer, not the observed. I don't typically publicize. I asked You, how is your birthday?


Yes. And I get this weird, it's like you're reading from a Kafka novel. Yes. I'm a man, A man. You know, we see a man. What, what, why, why? Well, You know, I don't like to be celebrated in any way or acknowledge, Trust me. Not a problem. Yeah, not a problem. Right. What I'm saying, a problem is I don't like any attention. Okay. I, I prefer to watch things unfold with, You know, sporadic participation. Right. Yet I don't like people to know things about me, and I don't like them to know when it's my birthday and I don't like any attention that I might receive. Should people know that it was my birthday. You like to appear at people like, say through a window. Would that be, is that where you're most Comfortable doing? I mean, that's an analogy I guess that you wanna use.


No, I, not an analogy at all. Right. You're comfortable watching others from a distance and observing them. Right? You Go on trips by yourself. I do. Yeah. I'm, I'm an observer. I'm a student. I'm, I'm a perpetual student. How is your wife? Because you are married somehow and she's lovely. I don't unders none of us. We're all baffled. And you have wonderful children. When you tell her my dearest love of my life, my companion, I'm off to Patagonia by myself. Yes. So I can look at people through windows. Yes. What does she say? You know, there are different people across this great planet. And for any type of person, there's someone that adores them.


I'll translate that for every Mickey. There's a mini. Yeah. So you're saying your wife's cool with it. I'm Saying She's probably quite eager. Does she get, do you notice palpable excitement when you say you're leaving for a while? What I'm saying is, while you may not appreciate all my nuances, there are people that do appreciate these things. Has anyone seen his wife? I, I haven't met her. She's lovely. Yeah. Oh really? She's lovely. I've met his wife. Yeah. And she's, she's very nice. She's you married? Well, Jordan. Oh. And she's a saint. My God. I see. But she must have some system for you that I have not cracked yet. Where she gets you to be quiet because I haven't figured it out. Does she have a way, does she have a signal that she gives you? Does there a bucket she puts over your head? It's Possible.


A quiet time bucket That there are some people that enjoy hearing what I have to say. That's the funniest thing you've said in a while. Hey, let's talk birthday Gifts. Well, let me say one thing. Yes. Yeah. So, oh, I'm, I'm, You know, I know what I'm doing here. But you go ahead, Frank. Oh, go ahead. Go ahead. Well, first Of all, I'm new to hosting. Did You know it was his birthday before you saw the nun? Of Course not. I was walking into the booth and you handed me a thing that said it was Jordan's birthday last week, by the way, I I didn't hear from Jordan on my birthday. Yeah. So, You know. Yeah. Well, I assume, Could you, could you have sent me a message or something? Well, I assume you get a lot of attention on that day, and I, I'll save it till I see you and I can wish you a happy birthday in person. Well, I'm still waiting. Happy birthday.


Thank you. Yeah. That was worth the wait. But I am aware of your birthday. I'm aware of your, You know, 1960, April 18th, 1963. Oh, great. I's that you're an Aries a If you prefer the correct pronunciation, we should Say no. People just say Aries. Yes, they do. But what I'm aware of your birthday, What's astrological sign was Einstein. Yes. What I'm saying is on your birthday, I take a minute. It was a Ish. Yes. That's TAUs, You know, toto in Spanish, Italian, the bull TAUs. But, but my point is, on your birthday, I did silently acknowledge to myself that it was your birthday. Nice. That's that's, that's a real good friend too. Yeah. I said today's Conan's birthday. Yeah. I could bring up something that from the last episode you talked about Conan ruining the phantom menace for you.


Oh, Yes. Yes. The premier of the Phantom Menace. Yes. Back in 1999, you told a harrowing tale of how much you were looking forward to. It's right. And you sitting there and you're ready. And this is a big deal because it's the first Star Wars movie that's come out in a long time. There Was one moment in particular that I had anticipated one moment in time, which was, Which Was that silence between the 20th century Fox fanfare and the opening music by John Williams. All I wanted was that moment. All you wanted was that moment. I had two hours. I wanted that one moment. Now, now what are the chances Now? Can I just say yes in the story you told, I enter right behind you and I'm two seats have been saved for me because of my status. And I, and I could tell by the person you were with, you were there in an ironic fashion.


You were there to kind of look at the fans and see how they react to Not at all. Not at all. To the stimulus at No, no. I knew, knew what was Happening. It was an accident. It was an accident that I was placed right behind Jordan. It was an accident. And then of course, You know, I have to lean forward. I, I seated Jordan's there, it Have to lean forward and I, it's like some calling that you have, and I, You know, I'm doing, I'm giving you a little free shtick. Shtick that other people would pay top moolah for. Right. You're getting for free and you were enraged. And instead it ruined the experience. There's been a lot of fan response. Right. Somebody did make the point of, in hindsight, Conan was probably the best part of that screening. Not for me. What's your favorite, my part of that movie? The part where you weren't cracking jokes in my ear.


Okay. Well anyway, I, if you're a fan out there and you ever wanna watch that movie and you'd like me behind you, I'll do it for free. What I'm saying is I appreciate the, the place of humor in the world, and certainly your humor. No question. But there are times where I wanna be emotionally moved. Do you, like, is your brain, your brain fascinates me. You're clearly an extraordinary man. Okay. You know, there are times where you wanna look at a piece of art and be brought to tears. Do you want, do you cry at mood? Like, are you always cracking jokes in your head? Like with this ironic stance, like If you feel emotion welling in you, do you have to pivot into like, cynicism and kind of like deconstructing adic fashion? I don't a cynical person At Say, do you, do you tear up at movies?


Like when you watch Interstellar, the End of Interstellar, for example, are You talking about I don't tear up at movies. I don't, no. I don't have time for that. And I'm not gonna go and look at a painting and go, boo hoo. Yeah. That's not gonna happen to me. No. It's fascinating. I know our brains are wired differently. I just am always curious as to the extent of it. So you don't put on movies, You don't sit When I go to, when I go to a museum, when I go to a great museum and I'm walking, yes. I'm thinking, what's funny About this? Right. I'm not laughing. Where's the, where's the Gags? Right. Do You know what I mean? I, I remember looking, I stared at Guernica for like half an hour and I'm like, I don't get It. Nobody's laughing. Right. And I've had that experience many times. I looked at Michelangelo's David, you probably have a very specific pronunciation from Michelangelo's David, don't you do Day?


Yeah. I looked at Doy day. Yeah. And I was like, I don't get it. It's a guy with his cock hanging out in the wind. What's the big deal? Where's the Aus? That's me. What I'm saying is, when you're alone and there's no audience, do you like it? It's like late at night and, and you're watching like a, a movie like the unseen of Gladiator. Do you, are you like cracking jokes in your head at completely? Look at inopportune times. Look, I he's dying and it looks like they put him on a skateboard. Okay. And they're dragging him around. Oh Yeah, I know the shot you're talking about. Oh Yeah. He's got wheels on his back. Yeah. Ha. Russell Crow. He's a skateboard. Hey, they should put UPS boxes on him and use them to move packages around. That's how they could use the gladiator. I see.


Hey, he's dying. But hey, we could still move these boxes. He, that's a funny bit. I better call my writers and get 'em working on it. The gladiator greatest way to move packages. See, that's your curse. You, you bring so much curse, Curse blessing. I say, You bring so much joy, you bring so much joy and you have such an extraordinary mind. But your curse is you can't shut it off. And you're tortured 24 7 by cracking jokes, by feeling the need to crack jokes to every emotional event that happens. Shut, I don it off lost. Who wants to shut off Willy Wonka's chocolate fountain? Nobody. Just me. Don't you wanna get lost in the beautiful moment? Oh, boohoo. No, I don't wanna get lost. I want a GPS at all times. I don't, you're saying, oh, isn't it a, the great tragedy in my life is says these gems sometimes have to stop.


No, no one else is thinking that. Everyone else is saying Gimme more them gems. Yeah. You don't appreciate The gems. I'm saying there's a time and a place for everything. There are times that I want gems and there Are times a time to, so a time to reap, a time for you to go to sleep hard. Time to frame from Embr. Yeah. What do you got there, Frankie? You want a, You want a birthday? Oh, Okay. Thank you. Look at that. Well, that's Jesus. You did that very well, Frank. Thank you. Frank was a magician's as assistant for eight seconds before he was fired. You Know, one All, now you That's nice. You wearing a nice hat. That's Right. One may think after so many decades that your extraordinary mind doesn't necessarily impress me on a daily basis.


Even I have thought these things sometimes, but then every once in a while there's something like the hot one's appearance and I'm newly amazed all over again. Oh, I mean, that was just a fantastic Oh, masterclass. Oh, please. I mean, there's so, there's so much to say about it. I appreciated the show. I appreciated the host. I appreciated a quality of the host that reminded me of you back on the old late night show. In that in the late night show, you created a venue to showcase comedy and let that comedy shine. Even if in that particular moment it wasn't you personally shining. Of course. And I think they have a great format, very clever in that it disarms the guest and, and presents more accurate depiction of the true guest. But they also, as much as their format, they're not rigid about their format.


And they allowed you, they knew you came in with material. Your great strength was you are always there as much or as little as your guests needed you to be. So If you had someone like Martin Short and Tom Hanks that came with material, you knew when to shut up and kind of let them do their thing. And If you, and If you were with someone that needed some assistance, you were there to give some support. And I think it's kind of the same thing. He knew that you came with material and he was happy to kind of let you run with it. This is a great sleep machine, by the way. No, I, no, no. First of all, I, the, the host was great. The host was obviously, well, research of all discussed, first Of all, I, this is a compliment. Yes. Now when he drones on, but it's a compliment. I let 'em go. Yeah. Well we have free time on this show. We, we can, this is free time. This is part of I have the floor.


No, I have the floor. Whoa. This is what I choose to Talk about. You know what I love? You're demanding, you're demanding respect while wearing a a, a pointy hat. Yeah. But you, I love that you are demanding. I have the floor. I have the floor. Yes. And you're, you're dressed like a gesture. A chimp, A chunk. Yeah. You know, You know what I mean? I love it. I love it. Yeah. I will be taken seriously. Time to get in your clown car there binky. But This show is a slow burn. Okay. We're not looking for like hit hit, hit hit. I'm looking for hit. People are just driving. They enjoy just like human conversation. You see here we are, here we are two men. We're just saying we're men. We're just talking. You keep saying we're Men and you keep saying we're human. We're two men. We are relatable to humanity because they look at us, they look at us and maybe we represent parts of their own psychology.


You're a profound and we are interacting. What I'm saying is there are parts of us that are relatable to the listeners. And, and you may think there's an expectation that we have to keep things moving at a certain comedic pacing. And I, and I enjoy just talking to you. Okay. Yeah. Well, I wish I could say the same. I, I think, I think the Well Jose's lines a completely ADLIs Yes. I, I completely by, by Jose Arroyo. Brilliant writer. Yes. Yes. Who I brought in is Dr. Arroyo because I always liked him to play my doctor in any kind of sketch. And that's Jose Arroyo. And, and we, that was just all improv, But lines like it was supposed to be, You know, it was a four year Yes. A hundred percent improv. Great. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. It's the real deal. Great. Should We move on to the next segment? Yes. We're gonna be right back with a, a new segment.


Paul Jordan Schlansky, Consumer Watchdog.


Oh man. I do a lot of traveling. Yeah. I do You know how to do the travel shows? Nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you. That's good. Isn't that nice? It starts the moments you take off with free in-flight wifi so you can stream your favorite show on the go. Obviously that would be this show I would think. Yeah. You, you go in a plane and then you stream your podcast. If I'm anxious about a flight, the thing that calms me is seeing myself. And then when you land T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands. Did You know that? No. Yep. Plus you're covered with five gigabytes, count 'em five of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with go 5G plus or next plans. And I have to tell you, it's a nice feeling when I travel the globe for my travel work, I like to know that when I land in that other country, I'm covered. I'm there. Yeah. I can text you and say, Hey, I got here safely. Yeah. I forgot to feed my cat. Could you feed my cat? Oh yeah. You could remind me. I don't have a cat. Right. It's all good stuff. Yeah. You FaceTimed me before from another country and it was crisp. She was clear. Yep. You could see every mark on my face. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel qualifying plan required wifi where available on select US Airlines terms and conditions.


Apply the all new Nissan Armada Pro. Four X is an unshakeable fortress powered by a twin turbo V six engine. Yeah. Ready to propel your adventures to new heights. Yeah. Your voice changes when you do a car Out. I'm trying to, I'm trying to become Will Arnett. Oh, okay. But I can't do it. He's like, oh, new Nissan Armada pro Fourex. No. Let's, I'm gonna, I'm gonna explain this car to you. 'cause this car is fantastic. It's Max 8,500 pound towing capacity has the power to haul all your favorite toys on your next big adventure. You could steal the Statue of Liberty with this. It's incredible. I'm not saying do that. I'm just saying this thing that's a lot of hauling power. Nobody gets left behind with the Armada Pro Four X's premium interior that seats up to eight passengers. That's crazy. I don't know. Eight people Going big. Never goes outta style. No terrain is too tough for the all new Nissan Armada Pro four x the most capable armada ever built, built for the most rugged of terrain. The all new Nissan Armada Pro. Four X gives you freedom to explore further


this bracket season. FanDuel is letting you make the call. 'cause right now, new customers can get $200 in bonus bets when your first $5 bet wins. You hear me? That's 200 extra binos to bet on. Everything from cut shots to last second heartbreaks and even who's cutting down the nets. If you've been waiting to join, there's no better time. There's turn action. That slang for tournament almost every day and fan rule has amazing bet types like spreads totals, game props and so much more. I know all about this. You do. Oh, I'm a real, it sounds like it. I'm a real Beto. I I'm, I'm excited because Michigan State, which is my team, I I think they're gonna go all the way. They're number one in the big 10. Yes. Yes. Let's go all the way. You know, don't shake your head, Eduardo. Listen, you are all a Michigan all the way. You're always That's right. Ever since I've known you, which is like 20 some odd years. That's right. You've been babbling about Michigan. This Michigan that. You gotta try a Michigan soup. You gotta have Michigan pizza pie. I love it all. And, and, and so Yeah. I say with FanDuel, Michigan State all the way. Let's go baby. Go Drink. Go on. Yeah. Your favorite murderers are from Michigan. Anyway. That's true. Also, soup. Visit FanDuel dot com slash conan. Get in on the college hoops Action. All turn long. Turn is short for tournament. Must be 21 plus in present in select states for Kansas. In affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in present in DC. First online Real money wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fan dual.com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Visit md gambling help.org. In Maryland,


One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. I know, right? I'm trying to sell my coal miners hat and it goes to a dance troupe. Ugh. That's no good. It's just stupid. That's where LinkedIn ads come in. Fortunately, LinkedIn is a network of over 1,000,000,001. You can't even count that high. I can't, I can't either. Link as a network of over 1 billion businessy people who might actually be interested in your business. You can even target your buyers by job title, industry, company roles, seniority skills, company revenues. Did I say gym title? I think I did. Mm, just stop wasting budget on the wrong audience. That's just stupid. Start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will give you a $100 credit on the next campaign, so you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco, that's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco gyms and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.


Alright. You are listening to The Conan and Jordan Show, and very few people I know spend more time assessing the products they use than George Slansky. Jordan, I, I credit you, you everything on your body, everything in your life. You put a lot of thought into it. So it's only natural that you would be a Consumer Watchdog. So let's do a segment right now. Jordan Slansky, Consumer Watchdog. Yes. And you have uncover something today that you're gonna talk about. Oh yeah. Would you like to, To echo what you said, I'm very particular about the products I use. I believe that one's life in part is defined by the products that surround us. We spend hours with these things, maybe even years. And aesthetically speaking, I like to have objects of beauty and utility around me.


Now I choose my products very carefully and that is certainly true in the case of toilet paper. Now I've got some products here that I, that I want to talk about. Okay. Wow. You know, That's a lot of toilet paper There. Yeah. Well I do buy toilet paper in bulk because, well, first of all, the need never goes away. Goes away. You're a mad shitter. You're a, you're a 24 7. Yeah. You don't have to stack it all up. Maybe that's a mistake. Right. There you go. All right, let's move that outta the way. So listen, I choose my toilet paper very carefully and I like this to be a once in a lifetime endeavor.


Okay? I don't need to recho my toilet paper every decade. Once you decide which toilet paper's yours, Why would I change? The conversations are, Unless there's some new technology that needs to be introduced to the world. So many years ago, I sampled different toilet papers. There were the aesthetics, there was the design on the paper itself. Was it a quilt? Of course they stopped. Where did you sample them? Were you in the aisle of the store with your pants down? What were you I'm ju I'm just curious. What were you doing? How did You Well, over time I purchased the Different items. Oh, I see. And you would, and you would pay attention. You didn't, I Would pay attention. You didn't line up a bunch of toilet papers, eat 15 burritos and then check all of those. No, I did not. No. Okay. That's, that's how I would've done it. But anyway, So I decided on a, on Charmin at the time it was called, I believe Charmin Plus or Charmin plus lotion or Charmin plus Allan E.


They've gone through many iterations of the name over the years and it was basically, they marketed it as having lotion in it. The lotion was mainly mineral oil. Sure. They put some aloe and E in there just to say that they did. But the bulk of it was mineral oil, which is not an expensive addition. Nevertheless, when you're talking about friction a, a situation which is inherently comprised of friction and abrasion. What do You mean a situation? What I'm saying is be specific. The use of toilet paper. Any, any physicist would know that the use of toilet paper involves friction. Two objects rubbing together. You're talking about abrasion, you're talking about erosion For all the environmentalists out there, there is a human bodily erosion when using any toilet paper product.


Okay. Any toilet paper product, you're gonna get erosion. You're wearing white pieces of your ass. What are you doing? Yes, you absolutely. If if it's, if that's where you're using it. What I'm saying, what I'm saying is, What do you mean where are you using? What do you mean? Where are you using it? I use toilet paper on many areas of my body. I Wow. What, what are you talking about? My nose, my ears. I use it to wipe up pills. Did You use Kleenex for your nose? No. I use toilet paper for my nose. Sure. In a situation where I'm sick and there's a, there's an excess of mucus, I'll, I'll invest in a box of Kleenex. But why have a product that's good for one use? When I can have a multi-use product, like toilet paper. I use toilet paper for cleaning up the kit, the bathroom sink of the errand spills.


So as not to mineralize the countertop. I use it to clean up the toilet rim. Should there be any urine? I use it to Urine. I use it. Did you say urine? I use it on different body parts. It, it's, it's a really a jack of all trades. Do you Lactate? What I'm saying is anytime there's a discharge, to me, toilet paper is gonna be my first choice. Toilet paper is a big part of my life. You see some people take Q-tips for their ears, which by the way is unsafe. And now you have a second dedicated product that's only for your ears. What about toilet paper? What's the problem with using toilet paper to clean out your ears and your nose Anyway, listen, I don't mean to go on too much about this secondary uses.


Nevertheless, don't, don't gimme that deep breath. I understand that you're in a rush, but I have a lot to say. I'm not about toilet paper. No, No. I guess what, can I just say one thing? I'm not in a rush. Yeah. But this is my life. Okay. And this is a piece of my life. Okay. And you're wasting it. Okay. I 'cause you're talk get to the point, which is, this Is the point. This is the point. I, I decided on Charmin toilet paper. They had a, a few varieties at the time because they allowed to overcomplicate their product line. I went with the version with lotion, which turned out to be mineral oil. Okay. It's had a number of different, now the Sharman people, the Proctor and Gamble people, they're listening to this right now. And those 30 something marketing people are saying, is this true? Was it, did it used to be called aloe? 'cause they only know it as Charmin Ultragen the common name.


And there's there's one guy that probably knows that it was, Can I assure you not only is no one at Charmin listening right now. Okay. I think anyone who really loves the Conan channel has turned off at this point. Okay. I buy my toilet paper in bulk because it never expires. I don't enjoy buying toilet paper. I don't wanna buy toilet paper more often. I wanna buy it less often. Do you Get looks when you walk out, when you come into the cash register and you have 35 boxes? Sure. Yes I do. Of toilet Paper? I do. Do they think you have an issue? Yes. Yes. I do get unusual looks. I'm used to unusual looks for a variety of reasons. Of course you're that never de that never deters me. So I buy mine and buy the case. So I've got some cases here. I've got a back stock that I bought over the past few years.


Right. Okay. Now this is, is It like someone who loves wine has a whole cellar filled with different wines? Yeah, sure. You go downstairs and when it's your time, you, you run your hand along. Yeah. These racks and racks and racks of toilet paper. Yes. Feeling for the one that will just suit this one particular purpose. Like I want. That's right. This was one that was made in Napa Valley. It's got aloe, but it's aloe from that. That really comes from the soil. The good, rich long 84. Yeah, it's an 80. This is a great 84 aloe charmin. Do you ever do that? I pick the most damaged box. 'cause I like the boxes to look aesthetically beautiful when I have an entire room full of toilet paper boxes. I like them to look beautiful. A lot of times you get shipping damage.


Anyway. So the point is, I buy them in these cases of 18 rolls. These are mega rolls. Now again, in a, in a ridiculous over complication. Proctor and Gamble has decided to offer different sizes of their rolls. They have the regular roll, they have the giant roll, then they have the mega roll. The mega is the biggest. I've done the research. So You Don have to, can a mega roll fit on a standard toilet paper Spool? It can. It can, it can. So I buy 18 Mega rolls. I mean, if you're, if the toilet in your house is in a very small space, can you get in there with a mega roll? Or does a mega roll pretty much take up the whole bathroom? No, the mega roll, you would not a, a person of your course visual per perception would not even recognize the difference between a giant roll and a mega roll.


But I do. Okay. I look deep beneath the surface anyway, just listen to me. Okay. This case, this case of Why, why wouldn't I? Yeah. This case of 18 Charmin Ultragen mega rolls cost 1999. I bought this for many years. Okay. Slight variations of the price up and down, but that's basically it. So recently I bought my Charmin order and I bought my 18 mega rolls for 1999. And this came, okay. And I could already see the packaging is different. And this is telling me, yeah. So this is telling me that something is, something is, is off. Okay? So something's changed. Something's changed. Instead of a case, now I have this package and immediately I'm suspicious.


And, and listen, I don't wanna look for a new branded toilet paper. I don't like change when it comes to my toilet paper. Okay? A lot of things in life should change, but like things like matches toilet paper, they don't need to change. So the old charin ultra gentle, while the sheet size is the same had two hundred and eighty six two ply sheets per roll. Okay? The new Charman has two hundred and thirty one two ply sheets parole. Okay? So the overall square footage of an 18 pack used to be about 51 meters squared. Whereas this is only about 41 meters squared, which is a 20% decrease.


So I get it, okay? Costs are rising in the toilet paper industry and they've got a recoup. Okay? Now, I don't believe they're being greedy. I don't think they're trying to impress their shareholders. I understand that the toilet paper cost have improves. Now they could raise the price 20% and then you'd have $24 and I'd get my same product. And You know what? I'd happily pay that $24. 'cause I understand inflation exists. But instead they say, let's charge the same. Let's make the rolls 20% smaller. Now you can compare the old role and the new role and you'll see, you'll see a drastic different, a drastic difference. Are you okay? Why are you, what's wrong with you? Why is your face, Listen to me. You know your means to me. Why is your face, You know what this means to me? Why are you, you're doing, that's just my face. Now listen to me, this clearly means I'm going, this Is the new one and this is the old one.


Yes. I will say, first of all, I don't know why you started to laugh maniacally Yes. Like a bond villain. Yes. When you're talking about this, well, stupid thing, but yeah. Okay. The old role saying for the same amount of money you're getting less, You're getting 20% less. Okay, fine. That's, that's no bombshell. But the point is, why do I have to change my toilet paper roll 20% more often? Why? I'm always gonna need new toilet paper. Okay. It's not like I'm just gonna buy one roll and be like, okay, that's it. I'm done. When this rolls over for the rest of my life, I'm gonna be making sure that there is toilet paper on that toilet paper holder. Okay? And why do I have to now? Because they have this marketing plan that are gonna trick people into thinking that they're getting the same value. Now I have to change my toilet paper roll more frequently.


I have to buy more cases of toilet paper over the course of my lifetime. I have to maintain those cases and store those cases. Like I just don't understand. Just be upfront and be like, Hey, we're charging $24. And by the way, the packaging is changed too. I used to, if I have guests, I like to put a six pack of Charmin unopened, sealed into that restroom that they wait. What are you, wait, What? Listen to me. Wait, why do your guests need to See a listen? I'll tell you why a month's supply toilet paper. I want them to know that. Why do they need to see that? I'll tell you why. Okay? If you go into a guest room, you wanna know you have enough toilet paper for your stay there. You don't wanna worry, you're gonna have to ask for more toilet paper. No one, like you're saying six roll, no one likes asking for more toilet paper. You're saying six six roll. That's implied rules. You're saying six roll that you used above the average amount of toilet paper.


Okay. Six rolls is enough to comfort people. It's not excessive. It's like no matter what six, no matter what happens to me in this week, I'm gonna have enough toilet paper. Six of these, six of these, you need six. You don't to use all If You any Situation would you need six? You don't have to use all six. You just know they're there. Okay? It's comforting. Did you do the same thing With food when they come down to the refrigerator? Do you have nine turkeys waiting for them to eat? What I'm saying, just so they have the comfort level, I don't like toal 30 scarcity, 17 boxes of cereal. Abundance, abundance. I like to show them that there is an abundance of toilet paper. Whatever happens to, to you while you're here, you are covered anyway. Just let me get this out. No, no, I, I will let you speak a lot and I'm gonna take over for a second because you've, you're completely untethered.


You are completely untethered. You're a balloon free of its string bopping around in the wind. I want my guests to know it's Charmin because I want them to know it's a high quality premium product and I'm not just buying in bulk. Costco, Are you getting paid by Be honest, no. Are you getting anybody from Charmin? No. Clearly not. I just criticize them, but at the same time, I do appreciate the quality of the paper. That has not changed. Nevertheless, their new packaging inside the outer package with the bear is just, just a generic plastic case. My guests think that I'm buying from like Costco or some like off brand. No, they don't know it's Charmin anymore. Okay. Can I say one thing? Yes. First of all, I think when you put out that much toilet paper for your guests, it's an insult. It's you saying no, it's, it's not. I don't trust, I, I think you're a big pig. I think you're a big pig that eats and shits 24 7.


You're a monster. That's what I think you're saying to them. You're just a giant. I'm saying If you are, If you are that person, I got you covered. If you're a normal person, you're covered too. Okay. So next time I come to your house, you're Gonna have plenty of toilet paper and you may not use it and that's fine. I don't expect you to use it. I mean, first of, but If you need to use it, it's there. Okay. You'll never have to ask me for more toilet paper. No. Do you imagine the humiliation? Excuse me. Thank you for letting me say you. Do you have any more toilet paper? I gave you plenty of toilet paper. I need more toilet paper. So you're saying, I think if someone came to you, If you put six of these massive jumbo Charmin rolls in the guest room and they came out after a three day stay and say, excuse me, could I use with their pants around the, their ankles?


Yeah. Could I have more? That would be, that would be unexpected. It would be, again, I don't wanna give them cases. I'm not gonna put cases in there that, that's ridiculous. But I'd like to put a six pack. I have a Question for you. Yes. When you travel, you and I have traveled together. Yeah. We've shot some, some pieces together. Yeah. And we've traveled the world. Right. What is your security level, your feelings about going to distant lands and needing to use a facility, another facility where you don't have control over the Toilet paper? I have, I have adaptive techniques as, as Darwin has showed us, the key to survival is not strength, but adaptability. I adapt to any situation. To me, you're gonna take Charles Darwin's origin of the Species, one of the greatest, most seminal works in the history of mankind.


And you're gonna apply it to your travel needs for toilet paper. I believe in orienting the pubal recal muscle in a certain position to a, a allow a greater elimination at home. And I have devices that yield this result at home. I bet you have devices. I bet if the, if a SWAT team broke into your home right now, sure. They would find all kinds of devices hidden in the Sure. In the crawlspace. You freak, you freak, you freak. But when I travel, when I travel, What, what erectus Bone, when I travel, I don't, don't have access to my devices. So I Improvise. What, what device? I use a, I use a garbage can in, in the hotel. No you don't. No You don't. No You don't. You don, what do you do? What do you do? You Don't use the garbage can in the way you're thinking.


I use a garbage pale to orient my body in a certain position. Do you understand? Well, no. I don know what you're talking about. I honestly don't know what you're talking about. Listen, I adapt to the situation. This is why I survived. It's not my strength, it's my adaptability. If I don't have, If you, if I don't have a toilet stool to properly orient my pub erectile muscle. Oh, I know. So hold on a second, I'm gonna draw something right now. You're talking about the squatty potty? That's One example of a toilet stool. Okay. But listen, thank you for that. Hold on. Yes. I'm gonna draw. Okay, go ahead. This is a toilet. Okay, sure. This is you sitting on the toilet and you were no, Well, first of all, there shouldn't even if, if, if you're a human animal and Neanderthal and you wanted to you, so It's Neanderthal. No, It's neander tall.


It's German. No one's ever said Neander tall. I just said it. I just said it. The point is, you're supposed to be squatting on the ground, fully squatted in a fully squatting position to open up that pubal recal. Is This what you're talking about right here? Yes. Yes. That simulates a squatting position even though you're, you're on a modern toilet bowl. Now also, you haven't even mentioned how tall that toilet bowl is. You know, there's a variable height. I like to go with the Kohler well worth 15 inches off the ground. No more that I think that then they have a higher one. Excuse me. They call it comfort height. It's Not comfortable. I that, I think that goes without saying. So in a perfect world, you'd be squatting is what you're saying. In, in a perfect world, you'd be squatting. In the modern world, you can use devices to simulate squatting. Okay. Now, in my house, I have these devices and they're high quality devices because I'm gonna be using these for decades as I just described, I like to stick with a product for years.


So you're talking about these, these things that you put your feet up on or made have a high quality material. Yeah. Bamboo. I like bamboo. Most of the bamboo, A high quality bamboo plastic. While you're really fancy guy, You know, bamb, that's what they used on Gilligan's Island. You know, bamboo is a Grass. Whatcha talking About bamboo is waterproof. It is strong. It is replenishable. Okay. I'm not hurting the environment with my toilet stool. No. Okay. I think you're, you're hurting the environment with your constant shitting. So that's, that's what you're hurting the environment with. You're, I mean, for god's sake, man. Okay. This is Insanity. So when I travel, I don't have access to my bamboo toilet stool. Okay? Right? Sure. I could find a way to bring it with me, but that's ridiculous. You Just store it in the overhead compartment. But I improvise when I get to a hotel room that immediately I assess the hotel room for any number of factors and I look at the garbage pale, and if the garbage pale is the right height and shape, I can adapt that to my use.


Now I don't wanna, now that grosses me out because if I stay at a hotel and I look at the garbage can, now Whatcha are you doing with a hotel garbage pail? That's so intimate, intimate scenario. I'm think That you had it upside down in the bathroom while you were pooped. That's Right. I have no problem with someone using a garbage pail upside down. Do You know what substances are in hotel garbage pails that you need to be more concerned about than my feet? Let's get, let's improvise. Okay. So toilet paper. If the toilet paper, first of all, I don't use toilet paper the way you think I do. Okay. I don't wanna know then. Okay. I don't wanna know. I mean, all mean, I I honestly don't wanna know toilet paper. I don't wanna know Toilet paper. There, there's a inherent flaw with the whole toilet paper system. Okay? I've discussed this before and I think it's really self-evident. I don't think it needs more explication, but just suffice it to say you're gonna wanna soap and water scenario in most cases, and toilet paper even the best is not going to cover you.


So I use toilet paper in very limited ways. Nevertheless, I, I improvise in hotel rooms with soap and water scenarios. Do you hear Yourself? Why are you shouting? You shout a lot and No, no. My enthus my enthusiasm. Don't mistake my enthusiasm for anger. Okay. I'm passionate and, and I don't see the problem with that. It's not, can I say something? Not once. One day you called me stoic the other day you called me overly passionate. It's not coming across as passion. Okay. It's coming across as crazy. Well, I'm just say like a rant and also a defiant rant. A man who sees the world turning against him and using toilet paper improperly and you are howling at the wind like King Lear. Sure.


Blind on the Moors unchained from all reality. So yes, I think something in you is untethered. And I'm glad that you've put this much thought into your toilet needs. But have you ever thought of, and we've talked about this before, but shouldn't you just be using a bidet? Well, like I was saying, I do have a system, an equivalent system. It's not a bidet per se, but I have a soap and water solution. So, So what you just use whatever toilet paper, like who even buys your toilet paper? Do you have a A system? I just, yeah. NBC used to give it to me for free. And I, I still have my NBC supply And you just, there's A Tom Broan every sheet.


Yeah. Listen, I, You just take what you're given. Yeah, Pretty much in life. Yeah. Yeah. With your toilet paper. I mean, obviously some things you care about. You're gonna pick your car, you're gonna pick your watch. But toilet paper, you just take what's there and You don't even notice These. I'm not put this much thought into it. No. You understand? There is abrasion erosion. Stop saying erosion. There's no erosion. There's certainly erosion. There's no, there's no erosion. Of course, there's erosion. Anytime. There's not, If you have two, two substances rubbing together, there's gonna be some erosion and you're losing skin on a cellular level and or that's the micro level. And potentially on a macro level, If you Are doing okay, I'm gonna put an end to this now. Okay. This is beyond the pale and what you've done, I think is an audio crime today.


You've committed an audio crime. We've had to sit and listen to this for a while. I suspect that you're getting something from the Charman people. I can't prove it, but I think you are. And I'm glad that you're, I'm happy that you're happy. If you've found a toilet paper that you like, then I'm happy for you. Yeah. I wish that it wouldn't shrink in size necessitating extra trips to the grocery store and extra changes of the role. Well, that's just the world we live in today. Many things shrink in size as time goes on and we accept it, I'll Accept it. I pay this $24 for the original product. Okay. Well, I think you're making a mountain out of a molehill. I think that you should just accept this. And again, I just wanna remind you, as you are a married man, you have children.


And I think, I worry, I hate to, I'd hate to be the child being potty trained by. Can you imagine, what is it like when you potty trained your children? Are you screaming at them the whole time about you gotta get your legs up higher? That's use the trash can use the trash can. I don't fault people that are passionate in life, you understand? Sure. I have passions, Many dictators do. Many, many, You know, many mad people have insane ambitions. I just, I would like and passions. I, I wish the best few, Jordan, I really do. Wait a minute, I'm thinking about it. No, I don't.


I just wanna, I wanna re I don wanna completely rescind that, but I'm glad you found a product that you like. And so you're saying this toilet paper is your recommendation. Charmin Gentle Ultragen is what you like. That's, That's secondary. Yes, it is my recommendation. And I do have, I do have a problem. But you and you do add, I Do have a problem With it. And you have a method where you use soap and water and any trash can that's available. That's separate. Yes. This was Jordan Schlansky, Consumer Watchdog. Yeah. Consumer Watchdog, Jordan Schlansky. Anyone who listened to all of this, I don't know what to tell you. But you should spend your time very differently in the future. Something's wrong with you, Jordan. I salute you as I always do. And thank you for your wisdom, your passion.


And I think that's it. I mean, I don dunno what else to say. We'll be right back. Well, will we, I don't see why we, anyone who's waiting for more of this God help you maybe check out what else is on the dial. What do you think we learned today, Jordan? I think we were two men having a human conversation. Tell with the two men. I think, I think we don't need to learn anything per se. I think we enriched the lives of people in our relatability. Okay. Why don't you ask any questions you might want to ask me about the episode. Maybe how I feel, or from my perspective, or you just like to sort of be the Yammer in chief? Yeah. I I can only, I can only hope that you enjoy this type of real conversation as much as I do.


I don't think of This as real conversation. I don't think of you as a real person. This is exactly how we would discuss without microphones in front of us. I know, I know. I'm, what I'm saying is whether there are microphones here or not. When I'm talking to you, I, it never feels like a real conversation because IIII don't know who you are even after all these years. Yes. At your core. I don't know who you are. Well, maybe you have enough real conversations in your life and maybe you could benefit from an occasional surreal conversation. Oh, are you a surrealist? Is that what you're saying? I I, If you consider our relationship surreal, I don't necessarily think that's a negative. I think that whether we're different or congruous with the rest of your human interactions, I think that there's value there.


Whether you're a congruous with the rest of your human interactions. These just, this is a, you're not gonna hear this anywhere else on SXM, nowhere else on serious radio. Are you gonna hear any of this? Right. You might hear it on his new show. The Jordan. Oh, the Jordan. The Jordan Schlansky Music Hour. Yes. I play different pressing Some will be vinyl rips. Some will be, I spent $300 for men without hats rhythm of use. 'cause I wanted this safety dance. If you did Dance, If you wanna, Yeah. Then you can find it on countless compilations. Okay. But their original cd, pressing of Rhythm of Youth, that's incredibly rare. I spent a lot of money for it. And by the way, when I rip a cd, Does your wife know that you're spending a lot of money on this Absolute Bullshit. When I rip a cd, I don't just use iTunes and stick it in.


I have a very specific procedure. Okay. This is bit perfect. All right. You Came up with this theory of relativity Einstein. You're talking about the special theory of relativity from 1905 or the general theory from 1915. You, I'm not gonna indulge this. When someone has an illness, you don't indulge it. Okay. And I don't want to keep indulging this 'cause I think, I think this is a form of illness. Sure. So does your wife know, answer the question. Does she ever look at the bills and say someone just spent $7,000 on a clock radio that looks like Darth Vader's head. I have. Does she, does she see that I have hobbies. I have hobbies. Right. But does she, you, you're a couple, your husband and wife, you have children and they need to be educated at some point.


Does she ever say, You know, who spent $4,000 on the lightsaber that's made outta salami? That was a part of Etsy, an Etsy auction. Does she ever as call into question your expenditures? I I think people have their passions and it's, it's healthy If they get a chance to exploit those passions. Does she feel the same way? I think that, ah, Yes. We got the nerve here. Listen, maybe she'll be on the, we gotta talk to her at some Point. Oh, that would be fantastic. Did That ever, would you allow us to Look, you have your guitar collections, you have your, your various matters that you're passionate about. I collect rare.


Did you just say foreign CD pressings? Never. Don't make fun of my various matters. Yeah. What I'm saying that's getting Way too personal. Yeah. I'm just saying we all, we all have our matters. Passions Yeah. Matters. And I do think it's healthy to explore those things. Could we have your wife on the show one day? Listen, I am a very private man. I, I, like I say, I like to observe other people I'm not particularly comfortable with being observed. Yeah. Some might say this whole format is contrary to my core values. Nevertheless, I, But here you sit. 'cause you might make a little bit of scratch and then, You know, you can buy Harrison Ford's, You know, incisor that he lost in 1972 in a bar fight.


All I know is that I do enjoy you, Jordan, thank you. In, in a very perverse way. I enjoy you and you do fascinate me. And I enjoy our time together. And I'm glad that it's being recorded for the police on The Conan and Jordan Show right here on SiriusXM. You could leave my, Not the, we go original CD pressing this, isn't it? No, I I would, can you hear The difference? I, I would play your mind. Wait till you hear mine. Jordan Schlansky radio show coming soon. Sirius Channel 1 0 4. Yeah. Don't wait for it. It's not coming. We have someone from Sirius right here, right now, and he just keeps shaking his head Down. Physically imposing gentle giants. Yes. Yes. And he's making it clear. Michael Crawford, Phantom of the Opera, What Everybody says.


I wanna, my friend, The Conan and Jordan Show with Conan O'Brien and Jordan Schlansky is produced by me, Frank Smiley executive produced by Adam Sachs, Jeff Ross, and Jim McClure, engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez. Our supervising producer is Andrew Gru, talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Patista and Brit Kahn. The theme song is Tom Sawyer by Rush. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review Red on a future episode. Got a question for Conan and Jordan?


Call the Team Coco hotline (669) 587-2847 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. And If you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever find podcasts are downloaded. And be sure to subscribe and tune into Conan O'Brien Radio channel 1 0 4 on SiriusXM,


Discovering a Better Way to Money. That's everyone's jam. No matter what goals you've got queued up a Northwestern Mutual advisor can help uncover opportunities that others might overlook. Let's get started@nm.com. The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin.


Every sandwich has bread. Every burger has a bun. But these warm, golden, smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best, the phileo fish. And you, you can have them too. And you can have it all at two for $6. Like a Philo fish, big Mac, 10 piece McNuggets or large fries, limited time only. Price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.