
Loving a pet often means wondering if you're providing the care they need. Is there a health issue lurking around the corner? Hmm. It's a question we all ask ourselves. Does the pet need something or feel something but can't say it. My pets are actually quite clear with me. Oh, they speak, they speak perfect English. They talk Yeah. But, but a lot of people don't have animals that speak. Yeah. Perfect English PET TV's there for you. Pet Tivity health kits and smart products use data and best in class technology to learn your pets behaviors and alert you to key changes you can act on. Pet Tivity is re-imagining pet care with a family of products designed to help give your pet a voice and empower you to provide the best care possible. Sounds good. Visit P-E-T-I-V-I-T y.com to learn more.


Man. holidays coming up. It gets pretty intense, doesn't it? It does Very intense During the holiday season. It feels like you're packing a lot into every second. Everything gets compressed Pressure lot. It's stressful so much to do. That's why ADT spends all their seconds helping protect all of yours. While you're out. The ADT Plus app gives you complete control over who has access to your home. Mm. With the Google Nest doorbell from ADT, you can know for sure if that s Santa or Aunt Mildred at the front door. See, I'd be suspicious 'cause I don't have an Aunt Mildred. It's Aunt Mildred. Thief ADT has the largest number of companies owned 24 7 monitoring centers in the industry. when every second counts count on ADT Visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT a SA Google and Google Nest doorbell are trademarks of Google LLC.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hi Glen, and welcome to Conan O'Brien. Needs a fan. Hi, How are you? It's Calling from Auckland and New Zealand. Hi. Oh wow. Auckland New Zealand. Yes. Help me. Which part of New Zealand is that? I'm trying to think. Are you on the north or the, where is Auckland? So it's the largest city in New Zealand and it's in the North Island. So about, I guess two thirds, four fifths of the way up, something like that. Of the North island. Okay. Well now I'm completely confused. I've never been to New Zealand before, but I've always, we've started, well, I've always wanted to go.


The, the people I meet from New Zealand are fantastic and of course I've seen, of course many images of New Zealand And. it looks beautiful. I just haven't experienced it myself, so I'm, I'm anxious to see it one day. Right. Well, Auckland is called, is known as the city of sails because, you know, we have, we have a beautiful, we're surrounded by a beautiful harbor. We have a harbor bridge that's kind of like a, it's like a little version of the Sydney Harbor Bridge sail there. Nice. Yeah. The reason, the reason that you've only ever met nice New Zealanders is because we send all the horrible ones to Australia. Now I've been to new to Australia, I've been there several times, So you know what I'm talking about. Right. Oh God. Just filled with horrible New Zealanders.


Let's, let's talk, Glen, tell me a little bit about yourself. You seem, I'm guessing you work in radio 'cause you seem to have a professional setup there and you seem very comfortable on Mike. Is that a correct assumption? Yes, that is a correct assumption. So yeah, I literally just come off air. That's not my show. I see. Yeah. I, I'm kind of like the, the, the, the Met and or Sona of the show. Oh, nice. I just chip in when Oh, oh, so you're expendable. Oh, heart. You could a linchpin. You could go at any time and they couldn't do without, people wouldn't care. Listen, please. Those are just jokes. I love you guys and of course you're essential part of this stew little lentils, And, I am the large piece of delicious beef.


That's for sure. That is For sure. Glen, so you work on a radio show. Do you get recognized at all when you walk around? Only if I talk. 'cause people don't really know what I look like. They've only ever heard me. So Yeah, they, they're usually pretty disappointed when they see what I look like. That is not true. Fun looking. You're a very good looking gentleman. And, and so people must get excited say when you order a pizza over the phone, they must say, oh my God, is this Glen Hart asking for New Zealand's finest pizza? I can't say that's happened to me, but I did once when I was on a plane, you know, and you know, everybody's doing the overhead baggage situation, you know, that kind of pre-flight jostle around.


And somebody, you know, at that point said, Hey, are you gleaned off, off, off the radio? And you know, so then I had that moment of, oh no, I'm, am I about to be stuck sitting next to somebody who is a big fan of the show? That could go either way. But luckily New Zealanders are pretty shy and yeah, he left me alone. Wait, are you saying, are you saying you didn't wanna sit next to a big fan? That's my favorite thing. I call ahead to the airline. And I say, can you find out who knows Conan O'Brien and can you seat them next to me? And then can we talk about my career arc? This This, this is a New Zealand thing. Right. So you know, us we, you know, you guys love to put people on a pedestal.


You love to be the person on the pedestal. Yes. Yes. In New Zealand, you know, in New Zealand the tall PU syndrome is, you know, is live and large. I see. And so yeah, if anybody, once anybody gets too successful, you know, then it's, it's, it's up to the rest of us to pull them down to our level. Okay. I understand. I Understand. We all, we all think we could be the prime minister if we just gave it a go. For example. I And I think we all feel that way. That's a very American Yeah. In the United States. We all feel that way these days. Glen, tell me a little bit about your life. I want to get to know Glen Hart from Auckland New Zealand. What's going on in your life? Well, so, because I work in breakfast radio, I have to arrive here at the station about 3:45 AM Nope.


So that, that, that means my alarm goes off at 2 52. Hard Pass. God. So, so, so I know you don't want a job at breakfast radio? No, I'm good. I'll pass. She just threw up on the floor. Yeah. Sona sonas working hours in her contract are one in the afternoon to one 30 in the afternoon. And. then we have to pay for her Uber to and fro. That sounds like a big day. So you get up at close to two o'clock in the morning. What time do you go to bed? As soon as I can. Yeah. All I ever wanna do is be asleep. Yeah. So generally about quarter past state. Okay. I, I try and and get a, a little nap in, in the afternoon after lunch. Yeah.


Depending on, you know, what's going on in my life. Because otherwise by, yeah, about 6:00 PM I'm not making any sense at all. Yeah. You haven't made a lick of sense since you got on with us. No. Well, it could be the accent. Yeah. And you're bleeding from the mouth. Just a little word to the wise. Okay. So you've got crazy hours. Do you have a family? Yep. So yeah, I have a a, a wife and two daughters, grown up daughters. They did both actually leave and go off to university and then both came back again. And so How do you, how do you feel about that Glen? I think we know. Yeah. How do you, how do you feel about that, Glen? Yeah. Yeah. I think Matt picked her up on a little tone there.


As I said about, we had about, there was about a six week period when my, when my wife And I were empty nesters. And you know, we just sat around frequently just looking at each other, going, saying things like, Hey, what do you want for dinner? And we'd say, oh, I don't know. Just a toasted sandwich would be fine. Sure. And everything was nice and casual. You're not cooking for anybody, you're not, you know, driving people around to places. And then yeah, that six weeks went by and then it all went out the window again. Wait, so you had six weeks of being empty nesters, then they're back. Yes, they're back in the house. And then, then one of the, one of them broke up with their boyfriend and moved back in. What are your daughter's names? So Billy and Macy.


Okay. Billy and Macy. I get the sense that you wouldn't be unhappy if Billy and Macy maybe got their own place. Yeah. I mean, don't get me, don't get me wrong. I I I love these girls, right? Yes. But, but so Billy for example, she has her master's in classical performance music in clarinet. And so she's gone on to be a teacher. She teaches other kids how to play clarinet and she also plays piano and teaches piano, teaches saxophone. And sometimes she does this in our house while I'm trying to get that afternoon nap. So, you know, it would be great if that was just happening. And the other, the other daughter loves clogging.


She likes to Yeah. Wear the traditional lead clots, which are the before wood. Okay. So listen, don't get me wrong, I understand what you're saying. You're a good dad. You and your wife love your kids. But it might be nice if they had their own place. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. How do you suggest he does That? Well, how would it go over if I spoke to them? Oh, would I have any sway with your daughters at all? Well, maybe so my, so when I, I told my family that I was coming on this podcast. My and And I said, you know who Conan And? I obrien. O'Brien is Right. And they were kind of semi blank stares.


They sort of had a, had an idea. Yeah. And And I explained, you know, Conan, he's famous, you know, late, late show host, you know, you know. And, and my youngest daughter said, oh, he is not one of the bad ones, is he? Oh. Oh, he didn't do something bad, did he? Well, yes, I've done bad things, but I know, I know. I didn't know, But we covered it up. It was in the late eighties. I didn't wanna, before I got on television. Yeah. Okay. So they're not, they don't sound like they're super fans of mine to put it mildly. Okay. Yeah. Let's, let's put it that way. Listen, I'll listen. Sometimes a blank stare. You can see a little bit of slight recognition in there. Maybe if they saw my face, it would change from blank Stare more to I don't know horror, who can say which way it would go.


But I'm very convincing Glen. And maybe yes, I could find them a place and move them into it. What do you think This sounds, this is music to my ears. Yeah. I have been waiting for somebody to come along And not clarinet, which is great. Yeah. So she's A great clarinet player, but you know, it's like SpongeBob and squibb. Right. There's only so much that you can take and then Listen, the clarinet is fine in doses and that's fine. But I she sounds very talented. They sound like lovely young women. But I think they need to move out of your house. Yeah. And I think they need to talk to someone they look up to and admire. Oh, unfortunately we don't know who that is.


Well, but I mean, you You are, You are taller than both of them. So they would be looking up to You. are They? You know, sometimes What, what about Old Simpsons episodes? What Maybe I could show them old Simpson sometimes people who don't know my work now, like Old Simpsons episodes that I worked on. Yeah. YY yeah. No. Well one of my daughters was just saying the other night they just re-watched the monorail episode. There you go. And yeah, there you go. I know. I know. You could say the man behind the monorail episode is here and he's gonna help you move into a new apartment. Yeah. Boy has he got something to sell you? Yes. Exactly. Then I can sing the monorail song to them.


I'm telling you I could. Monorail Monorail. Yes. I know monorail. The apartment, apartment, apartment, apartment, apartment. Yes. It's nice and cozy on your own apartment. Get a job. Apartment. Get a job. It's kind of a separate home. Apartment. Apartment. This bed folds out. And. it sleeps too. Apartment, apartment, apartment. Don't make dead after two. Yeah. Our apartment. Apartment, apartment. See we're doing it. I think the two of us could get them out of the house and And. I. Say that again with love. I mean, I like me too. Absolutely. I I know you Love them me less so. 'cause they don't, They don't seem to know my work, but I'll get over it.


I'll get over it. Yeah. But, but I like you Glen. People get over it. And, I, And. I would like to, I'd like to help. I'd like to help you if I could. That's all. Hey, That, that's, that's all I can ask. Well, no, a lot of people ask for other things too. You know, I was gonna give you money, but you said that's all I can ask. So you fucked that, that up real good. Just a run time off. Okay.


Have you met all modern yet? Sona? No I didn't. I haven't. Oh, you two have got to get together. You would love each other. Would we? Yeah. Grab a mochaccino talk. No, all modern. Lemme explain whether your style is Scandinavian inspired or it's more iconic mid-century modern, which is, I've been to your house. You guys are more mid-century. Yeah, we Are a we are. We are. Yeah. Or paired down minimalism. All modern has the best of modern furniture and decor all in one place. I'm sick of like, well I wanna look at some modern furniture. Well, there are nine types. You have to go to nine stores. Why am I even talking to that guy? I Don't know. That guy doesn't sound cool at all. I Hate that guy. Yeah, you can get 'em all in one place at all. Modern every design's hand vetted for quality by their team of experts who can be sure to last through moves and milestones ahead. Hmm. Not to mention fast and free shipping. Yep. That means you can upgrade your space in days, not weeks. Plus right now you'll save big on every style of modern with Black Friday deals all month long on cozy living room furniture, holiday hosting must-haves and moa. That's modern made simple. Shop now@allmodern.com or visit them in store in Linfield and Dham, Massachusetts or in Austin, Texas.


Sony, you like to travel, you like to go away and have a good time, right? I Do. I like taking the boys and tack And I go somewhere. Yeah. For the holidays this year we're thinking about, do you know just taking a trip to, you know, lake Arrowhead for Okay. For a week or something, you know, just somewhere nearby Lake Arrowhead. That'd be beautiful. It would. Yeah. And then it occurred to me recently what happens because you all got a lovely home. Yeah. You guys have a beautiful home. You've done a very nice restoration on it. What happens to your home when you guys are away? It just Sits there. You just sit There. Go. It shouldn't, yeah, it shouldn't I know. Think about it. If you host Okay. If you host with Airbnb while you're away, it's basically like you're getting paid to travel. Exactly. I mean it's genius I know.


So don't leave money on the table the next time you're outta town. When you're away, your home could be an air b and b. Yeah. It's a cool idea. I know, think about it. I will. And I've got good ideas. Your home. AKA, your future Airbnb might be worth more than you think. I think yours would be worth a lot. 'cause you guys did a beautiful job on it. Thank You. I hope so. Yeah. Find out how much your home's worth at airbnb.com/host.


There's nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you. Check this out. That's nice. Whether you're going on a weekend getaway to the mountains, or let's say you're on a dream vacation, or in my case, a work trip to Thailand. It's just fantastic. Let me explain. It starts the moment you take off with free in flight wifi so you can stream your favorite show on the go. I mean, that's incredible. That Is actually pretty Sweet. I love that. I mean, that's insane. I'm always there with my credit card. You know, I can't figure it out. I lose the credit card. Yeah. The phone is stolen. Someone punches me. You start crying. I cry a lot when you land T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands and an upgrade to Hilton Honors Silver Plus you're covered with five gigabytes. Five gigabytes. That's more than four of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with the go 5G plus or next plans. These are just a few of the perks that feel like big wins when you travel with T-Mobile And. it, it's nice to stay connected to your family. I travel a lot, I do these travel shows and if I'm filming another country I know I can get to my family right away. Yeah. They usually don't wanna speak to me, but they have to. They Screen your calls a lot, don't they? I suspect them of screening. Yes. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel today. Qualifying plan required wifi were available on select US Airlines registration and Hilton Honors membership required for Hilton Honors Silver terms and conditions apply


as a B2B marketer. You know how noisy the ad space can be? Don't just on a So many ads. Yep. They're all over the place. Yeah. If your message isn't targeted to the right audience, it just disappears into all that noise. Yeah. It's like dropping a coin down a fountain. You never hear that. Splash Down a fountain or a well shut up. Okay. With LinkedIn ads, you can precisely reach the professionals who are more likely to find your ad relevant. I wish someone would find me relevant. Oh my God. With LinkedIn's targeting capabilities, you can reach them by job title, industry company, and more you'll have direct access to and building relationships with decision makers. A billion members. That's a lot. 130 million senior level executives, 10 million C-level executives stand out with LinkedIn ads and start converting your B2B business into high quality leads today. They'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. And go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco to claim your credit. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions apply LinkedIn the place to be. To be.


And what about the show? If I went on the show? Yes. Would I be a good guest for, for your show or is it not that kind of program? Is it more serious? No, it, I mean it most definitely is that kind of program. I mean, for instance, we had the big country star, Luke Combs on the show just this week. Oh, Do your kids know who Luke Combs is? I really ho Hope not. I'm not a huge fan myself of country music, but, Wow. Well, I I'm glad Luke Combs already did the interview. I know. I'm glad he is out of the building. Hey, you got him on tape, so I hope I just can't believe I did. I did a drive by on Luke Combs. Yeah, You just O'Brien You just shit on a guest on your show who you were bragging about You are like, Hey, we got Luke Combs.


Do you like him? No. Oh, wow. So, so, so the question is though, Coen, could you get up early enough in the morning to come in and be on a breakfast show? Of course I can. Are you an early riser? Yeah, Of course. I could get up. Hey, listen, I am ready to go anytime day or night. Okay. I am always present, always ready to go. Right. Well then you'd be a perfect guest. Let Me ask you, maybe because you've been working in broadcasting for a long time in the radio section. I only started doing the podcast about five years ago. Is there any advice you can give me? Any advice for Conan? Mm. I'm always looking to improve. Just kidding.


I'm sorry. That was funny. I know. But I can see, You can see why I was so taken aback because like, you know, I've been listening for pretty much the whole duration of the podcast Code. Yeah. I know. I was getting about the whole advice Thing. And I just wasn't expecting you to ask for It. Yeah. I know. I don't know what I was thinking. Advice, listen, listen, I think I like you. You seem like a fine fellow. You've got a good sense of humor. You wear a shirt that matches Exactly the color of what's behind you is why you'll never be a weatherman. Like, like I say, new Zealanders, we just like to fade into the background. Yeah, exactly. How would I, how would I get along in, in New Zealand if I come to New Zealand?


How would the people treat me do you think? I I think that they might, we do. There is a, a guy called Chris Parker who is, is a, a tall redheaded comedian in, in New Zealand. And people might think that you're him if They don't know that, that You are you okay? That's fine. Yeah. Yeah. As Long as he's well liked, I'll take it. Yeah, yeah. No, he's very, he's he's very popular. So If I go into restaurants and say, I'm Chris Parker, And I want a lamb pie, they'll, they'll serve up That. That'll, that'll work. Well, except in new, in New Zealand we have this thing, so, you know, the rule of six degrees of separation, right? Yep. That, that, you know, everybody knows everybody in the world, you know, because you know somebody who knows somebody Yes. Who knows somebody.


Yeah. Blah, blah blah. Well, in New Zealand we call that rule two degrees. Oh. So, so, so like I say, there's only 5 million people here. So we know somebody who knows somebody. Right. So chances are you'll go into that restaurant and Chris Parker will actually be sitting there anyway. Yeah. Okay. So that's, and then things will give my scam won't work. My scam of running up a big tab and putting it on this red aired Chris Parker. Probably not gonna work out. And that's one of the main reasons why I wanted to be on your show Conning. Because, you know, you've talked to all these fantastic people. You know, people like Jeff Goldblum, people like Harrison Ford, and now I'm only two degrees away from those people. It's fantastic. Aren't you Just one degree away. Well, I know you, you know them two.


That's Two. I always get Confused by this Too. I get confused by it too. I Think it's two because if it was just you then you'd be one degree. I think it's more with Harrison Ford. 'cause he can be a very distant person. Yeah. Oh. So I think it's five degrees of He's a and a half. Yeah. He's a degree and a half. He, He certainly sounded like he was trying to separate himself a little bit further away during the podcast. I tend to frighten him. I like this. I I I like talking to you and I wish you all the best with your daughters And I. Think maybe if you start familiarizing them with my work, who knows. Yes. Then I'm, I I I'll I've been trying to get who, who knows, I've been trying to get them to watch, kind of must go.


Trying To get them to watch. Yes. Drink, drink this as acid, acid, Like Happens beyond Do it. It's good for you. If you go visit, first thing you have to do is an orientation where you do a presentation on who You are to them. Yes. Then you can Get them in a product. Maybe that's what I do. Nice. Like a PowerPoint. Yeah. I'll do a PowerPoint presentation on who I am and why they should care. Yes. And then I'll tell them to get out of the house. Yeah. Yes. And I'll, yeah. So, so you could stand in front of a green screen with a pointer. Yep. And, and, and, you know, here's, here's here's the monorail. Yep. On the Simpsons. Here's me looking a Norwegian in the street. Yep. The whole arc of my career. That's all you know. That's all you know. Oh my God.


Then you just took Lincoln from wood, wood shopper to Ford Theater and you skip the whole rest of the part. Listen. And then here's the house, here's the apartment. Yes. Away from the house or the flat, as we would call it in New Zealand. Ah, We'll get you into a flat. I'm going to, how nice. Well, I, I hope someday we meet, I hope maybe it's possible that I can get your daughters to move nearby because you do Love them. You care about them. Absolutely. Them. You want them to. But enough of the clarinet at two in the morning. Sure. And, and we'll, we'll try and see if we can make that happen. I think that'd be nice. That would Be, that'd be a dream.


Yeah. Dream come true. Well, that's what I do. Some people say I make dreams come true. Who said I've never No, no one's ever said that yet. Okay. What I said was, it was aspirational. Okay. Okay. That some days someone's gonna say, you made my dreams come true. I see. Mm. Something that hasn't been said yet, but could be said in the future. Okay. So what, what you're saying nah. Is you could be in my dreams tonight. You frightened me. I didn't see you there. You, you drifted into the background again. Glen, you're a madman. Hey, I haven't hit a lot of sleep. I'm sorry. Yeah. Your sleep deprived madman. Have a great day or night. I don't know. What time of day is it where You are now? It is just coming up to 10 in the morning here.


Okay. So probably time for you to go to bed. Yeah. It's almost past my bedtime. Well, my best to you. Not my best to your daughters. 'cause they don't seem to give a shit. But we'll correct that and yeah, We'll work on that. Have a terrific day and I hope our paths cross. I really do. Okay. So do I I really hope they should. I really hope they Do. You never know. You never know. In this crazy world what's gonna happen, All. right. Go change your shirt. Bye-Bye bye. See ya. Lovely to meet you Matt and Soda. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me.


Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer Aaron Blair, associate talent producer Jennifer Samples, associate producers Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez. Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash Conan. Please rate, review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan wherever fine podcasts are down. When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from idea to medicine.


Thanks to our intellectual property system or IP for short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip works wonders.


The new Sonic queso smasher is now available. You're gonna wanna try this. They made the Sonic smasher you love 'cause you do love your Sonic smasher, don't you? Sonic? I love Sonic Smashes And I love queso. Yeah. Well, guess what? They took the Sonic smasher you love and they added the new creamy queso in hand. Smash patties made to order. Just Makes my brain Explode. I just saw your brain explode in queso came out the Sonic queso smashes the perfect combination of Angus patties, creamy queso, jalapenos, and a southwest aioli. Sounds like juicy goodness to me. All that's left to do is choose a double or a triple make mine, two triples. That's a sex tt. The new Sonic Queso. Smasher. Live free. Eat Sonic.