
How hot do you like it? Firehouse Subs is churning up the heat. They've teamed up with hot ones to create two new sandwiches. The zesty garlic hook and ladder is the milder option. Can you believe that? Those still packed with flavor. And for the bravest spice chasers, the spicy dill hook and ladder sandwich is sure to be a three alarm ion. Well, Sona bla, you guys sampled the wares today? We did, yes. You had yourself those hook and ladder sandwiches. How were they? They were great. And they had a kick. Yeah, They did. I, I did the zesty garlic hook and ladder. Oh. And, and I loved it. I took a walk in the wild side with the spicy dill hook and ladder and it was great. I loved it. Well, I'm glad you guys enjoyed yourselves. Find out how hot you like it. Try the zesty garlic and spicy deal, hook and ladder at Firehouse Subs For a limited time, life doesn't go on forever. You gotta grab the moment, dude. Visit Firehouse subs.com to find a restaurant near you. Individuals sensitive to spice or the Carolina Reaper Pepper should not consume this spicy dill hook and ladder. Limited time at participating Firehouse Subs restaurants.


Hey guys, spring cleaning time. Let's start with your mop, because that overgrown winter hair ain't doing you any favors. You look like Mo from the Three Stooges. It's sport. It's an old reference, but look it up. It's Sport Clips. Haircuts. They've got pro stylists who know men's hair TV's playing sports 24 7 in a place boat for guys. That's right guys. To get a great cut without the hassle, no appointments, no stress. You just wander in fresh cut in a place that's made for you Dudes. Yeah. Froze. Yeah. High fives all around. So shake off that winter scruff and step into spring looking fresh 'cause they got you covered bra sport clips. It's a game changer.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hi Adu, welcome To Conan O'Brien. Needs a fan. Hi guys. I'm really excited to be here. Hello, ADU. How are you? Fantastic. How are you, Conan? I'm doing well. I have to compliment you on the, on your voice. You have a terrific And your sweater. Well, You know, I'm thinking it's mostly a vocal audio medium, but Sure. YouTube. YouTube. I like the whole Vibe. Yeah, the whole vibe is great. You have an incredible beard. You have a, a true irishman's sweater, Aadu and, and you, It's actually from Ireland, so.


Oh, I could Tell. Yeah. Yes. That's the one thing I know it's got, I can tell by the various coded messages in it right now, it says, oh, for sure. It says by Guinness, but, and you, you've got the amazing beard, but I've gotta say that you, the tone of your voice is very calming. Fantastic. I, I appreciate that. I mean, I brought my mic from home just so that you can hear it. Like the rich fullness of it all, So Yeah. Yeah. We've not found a mic in the universe that will give me a rich fullness. I've put Eduardo on that task. I'm still Searching. Yeah. It doesn't exist. Yeah. We're going through the, the Barry White Estate to see what we can get. Adu, tell me a little bit about yourself.


What do you do? What, what are you all about? Where are you coming from? Wow, that's a huge question. Yes. It's, right now I am a research engineer for the School of Oceanography at the University of Washington. So I live in Seattle. Oh, wow. Cool. I, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's, it's a very cool job. I do r and d for the Argo Float program. So Argo floats are these autonomous drifters that we've put out, You know, in the world's oceans that sample various things, You know, in the ocean, temperature, pressure, salinity, pH dissolved oxygen. Basically kind of giving us a comprehensive look on how our oceans are doing and how our atmosphere is doing.


And it's all climate change related, conservation related. And it's, it's a cool gig. Wait, You know, minute. I'm not an oceanographer Body. Wait, Amanda, are you one of those people that believes in science? Ah, boo. Why don't you, oh, should I go? Why don't you take your mumbo jumbo and witchcraft somewhere else. Right. Let's pack up and go guys. I'm sorry. Three. Cheers. If I don't understand it, I don't like it. Exactly. Yeah. I don't like science. Now I'm gonna go get in my car and drive around. Yeah, that sounds like really good work. I'm hoping you can tell me something optimistic, because these are perilous times it can feel for a lot of us.


What are you, You want it optimistic? No, no, no. It doesn't have to be optimistic. I just want to get your, take your, it sounds like you're devoting your career and your incredible mind and hard work to trying to figure out the oceans, I'm guessing are warming that is happening. Yes. They're okay. Yes. And they're getting hotter and hotter. They're just taking in all the heat that we're producing. Yeah. And part of this program is to study how the heat content of the ocean is changing over time. And a large part of that also is how much carbon is taking in. So oceans are very good carbon sinks. Yep.


For all the, You know, carbon that we as humans produce. And some studies are actually showing that there's some regions that are actually sources of carbon now. So it's not just sinks, but there's a flux between the ocean and the atmosphere. I don't know if I have any positive gems for you, Conan, but I think one cool thing. So I'm, I'm very new to oceanography. I, You know, was a conservation based person for 25 years Right. And an engineer. Right. And I kind of combined those things and landed in this sector, but I think I've just been learning how cool and complex our oceans are.


Yeah. And how many different subsystems are, You know, in there. And what, what's cool is that oceans are like space to us in that they're just criminally underst sampled. Yeah. Right. So we don't know much about the oceans at all because what are we gonna, we don't have like an array of sensors in there for like, You know, last a hundred years or so. But that's what we're trying to do. We're trying to put as much technology out there and like kind of sample as much as we can. It's very cool. So we can better understand. Well, It's also as lot of these things understanding how rising temperatures are gonna affect current winds. You know, we've all noticed that things are getting more severe.


We're noticing that here in Los Angeles obviously lately that, and I think across the globe, people are noticing that that extremes are becoming more extreme and Yeah. So, and, and it doesn't, climate change doesn't always mean one thing. It it can, the influences can be very complex and Right. So we don't really know sometimes what to expect. Sometimes it mean, and, and we're all figuring that out together. So we, and I think my work in this area is every bit as important to say. You're telling him All this. Excuse me. I know I do. Excuse me. I'm not done yet. Oh, I believe that by various neutron installments.


What, throughout, what are you installing? The oceanographic neutron plates and plateaus. There might one day be hegemony. Can we just go back to your sweater? Your sweater looks amazing. Or Let's just Thank you. Let's just Let Audrey talk. Appreciate. No, I do appreciate all foolishness aside. I really do appreciate the work you're doing and I'm, I'm, as someone who has children, I really do want us to figure this out and, and, and make a better world. So I I'm glad you're doing this. We're doing the best we can. Conan Well try harder. I'm doing the best I can. Try hard. You don't look like it. You just called into a podcast to goof around.


This is time that could be saving the world. And you're like, I gotta Go duck. I'm like, you're Like, I've Got to go talk to Conan and goof off. Well, listen, I love Seattle. I'm, I'm sort of married into Seattle because my wife is from Seattle. Yeah. And I, I married there and I've, I go back a lot and I, I love my in-laws and I love to prowl around Seattle. I'm, it's my second home. So, Sorry, you said P prowl, right? Yeah, yeah. You know, late at night wearing mostly black. Yeah. Okay. And, and there are, there've been some sightings. I wear a black cap. Listen, that's not important. My prowling is my own business.


Tell us about yourself. What are your hobbies? What do you like to do when you're not studying your sensors? What do you And I say that with great respect. No, you don't. Of course. What do you Great respect, my God. What do you like to do in your spare time? Aadu? What's your hobby? I think, yeah, my two main ones are trail running and birdwatching. Oh. Birdwatching. And what I've found is I hang out with a lot of older folks because that's a very kind of niche subset of activities that I, I find my communities, honestly. But it's, it, You know, It gets me outside and yeah, My father was a bird watcher.


He loved it. And he used to always try and get one of us to go along with him birdwatching. And when I was a kid, I'd noticed that no one else was volunteering. And I would feel some like, well, someone's gotta go. And so I would go and I would trudge around marches, marshes in the, in the suburbs of Boston or Rhode Island and, and not enjoying the smell. And did you enjoy It? I have to say I didn't at the time. The one thing I really did enjoy was there was once a gull that got way off course and kind of made the news called Ross's gull. And Ross's Gull, I think usually hangs out in Alaska or Russia.


And it, this thing I think lost its connecting flight. Got all turned around and Ross's Gull showed up some birder spotted it in Boston. And this might be, I don't, I'm gonna say this is 1970, this could be 76, 77, something like that. And I went, my dad was really excited and he said, we've gotta go. And it was like a 40 minute drive. And so we, there was a bunch of, I mean there was 300, 400 birders there. And we found a spot and we, I saw Ross's Gull and I remembered thinking, wow, I, You know, and then I tried that line on women for years.


It never worked. Never worked. I, I almost traveled nine hours round trip to see something called a by call Teal down in Oregon. It was kind of a similar vagrant. Yep. You know? Yep. Got kind of lost and found its way over here. But I'm getting married in two weeks and I don't think you, your wife Would be, I I do. You buried the lead. This is a huge, this is a huge event. And you're talking about the double build. Quiel Quale. Making fun of This is Chris. I'm not, this is again, with great respect.


So so tell me about this. You're getting married in two weeks and, And basically there's a lot to do because I'm getting married in India and my fiance soon to be wife is from Texas and her whole family's from Texas. And not a lot of them have visited Asia or India. And I'm basically coordinating a bunch of stuff. Oh wow. Like clothing visas, flights choreographed dances. 'cause it's a big kind of soiree. I've never been to a true Indian wedding and I've always wanted to go Be amazing. They take place over more than a day.


Right. It's three or four days. Yeah. For ours. And actually in my, when writing to y'all, I actually invited the three of you. So invitation's still open. It's on the 10th of February. And I know you have the Oscars to host. Yeah. It's, It's, come on. It'll Be really great if I, if I blew off the Oscars, I'll Handle the Oscars. You go to the wagon. I love that there's been a quick program change instead of Conan O'Brien, Matt Gorley's here. And best picture goes to Goldfinger. How is that possible? Every category. James Bond films from the seventies swept tonight


Airbnb. Man. That's what kids are doing now. Yeah. Bla you like your Airbnb, don't you? Yeah. It, it's great because when I go on a, You know, I'm gonna go back to Michigan for about three weeks and my place is just sitting there empty. Might as well make some scratch. Why not? Yeah. Scratch is money, right? Like Yeah, I think so. Great. Some greenbacks. And it's nice because you're gonna go stay in Michigan. That's right. Where you're from. But why not make some money off your pad? Exactly. I'm staying with my mom. No one's staying in my place. Let's, let's, let's get some money from it. And it's a Good feeling to know that your place is being used, it's being enjoyed and you're getting paid for it. Yeah. And I Got a cool place. Yeah. You know, like, I, I went to this bachelor party last year in Miami. Remember when I went to that bachelor party that was I heard it was Wild. And I, I wasn't even invited. I just was, I saw that there was a bachelor party and I went in, I have nobody my age getting married. Amazing. Yeah. And it just was so great. But I made sure that I rented out my home, You know, before I went to the bachelor party that I wasn't invited to. And it was a good feeling. Great. Made some money. Not a great feeling to be asked to leave the bachelor party. Yeah. Think about it. If you host while you're traveling, it's a great way to offset some of the costs of your trip. And if you've got a big year of travel ahead of you, hostings a Pretty cool and unique way to make some money back. And then you can buy that special travel purse you want. Or man bagg or Yeah. Purse 2025 is the year to be financially savvy. So don't leave money on the table when you travel. Your home might be worth more than you think. Find out how much at Airbnb dot com slash host.


Oh man. I do a lot of traveling. Yeah, you do. You know that I do. The travel shows. Nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you. That's good. Isn't that nice? It starts the moments you take off with free in-flight wifi so you can stream your favorite show on the go. Obviously that would be this show I would think. Yeah. You you go in a plane and then you stream your podcast. If I'm anxious about a flight, the thing that calms me is seeing myself. And then when you land T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands. Did You know that? No. Yep. Plus you're covered with five gigabytes, count 'em five of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with go 5G plus or next plans. And I have to tell you, it's a nice feeling when I travel the globe for my travel work, I like to know that when I land in that other country, I'm covered. I'm there. Yeah. I can text you and say, Hey, I got here safely. Yeah. I forgot to feed my cat. Could you feed my cat? Oh yeah. You could remind me. I don't have a cat. Right. It's all good stuff. Yeah. You FaceTimed me before from another country and it was crisp. She was Clear. Yep. You could see every mark on my face. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel qualifying plan required wifi where available on select US Airlines terms and conditions apply


the all new Nissan Armada Pro. Four X is an unshakeable fortress powered by a twin turbo V six engine. Yeah. Ready to propel your adventures to new heights. Yeah. Your voice changes when you do a car out. I'm trying to, I'm trying to become Will Arnett. Oh, okay. But I can't do it. He's like, oh, new Nissan Armada Pro Fourex. No, listen, I'm gonna, I'm gonna explain this car to you. 'cause this car is fantastic. It's Max 8,500 pound towing capacity has the power to haul all your favorite toys on your next big adventure. You could steal the Statue of Liberty with this. It's incredible. I'm not saying do that. I'm just saying this thing that's a lot of Holland power. Nobody gets left behind with the Armada Pro Four X's premium interior that seats up to eight passengers. That's crazy. I don't know. Eight people Going big. Never goes outta style. No terrain is too tough for the all new Nissan Armada Pro four x the most capable armada ever built. Built for the most rugged of terrain. The all new Nissan Armada Pro. Four X gives you freedom to explore further


this bracket season. FanDuel is letting you make the call. 'cause right now, new customers can get $200 in bonus bets when your first $5 bet wins. You hear me? That's 200 extra binos to bet on. Everything from clutch shots to last second heartbreaks and even who's cutting down the nets. If you've been waiting to join, there's no better time. There's turn action that slang for tournament almost every day. And FanDuel has amazing bet types like spreads totals, game props and so much more. I know all about this. You do. Oh, I'm a real, it sounds like it. I'm a real Beto. I I'm, I'm excited because Michigan State, which is my team, I I think they're gonna go all the way. They're number one in the big 10. Yes. Yes. Let's go all the way. You know, don't shake your head, Eduardo. Listen. You are all a Michigan all the way you are always. That's right. Ever since I've known you, which is like 20 some odd years. That's right. You've been babbling about Michigan. This Michigan that. You gotta try a Michigan soup. You gotta have Michigan pizza pie. I love it all. And, and, and so Yeah. I say with FanDuel, Michigan State all the way. Let's go baby. Go drink. Yeah. Your favorite murderers are from Michigan. Anyway. That's true. Also, soup Visit FanDuel dot com slash conan. Get in on the college hoops action. Attorney long journey is short for tournament. Must be 21 plus in present in select states for Kansas in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino. Or 18 plus in present in DC. First online Real money wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued as non withdrawal bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Visit md gambling help.org in Maryland.


Where in India is the wedding taking place? The southwest side of India. And there are a ton of birds there. You know, I, I keep like a life list of, of birds and You know, I started when I was six years old and my mom and dad really got me into it. 'cause we would go visit India all the time and I'd see all these like elephants, tigers. Yeah. And like, You know, all these cool big mammals. And we'd watch animal plant. And then I'd come back to the Bay area where, You know, I grew up and I'd see, You know, a squirrel or like, You know, like a, a rabbit. And I, and I was really bummed out and my mom was like, here, take some binoculars. Go, go look for birds, You know, we'll take you to a park.


And I got hooked. Right. It was just kind of like, I wanna see everything. They're all so cool. They all act so differently and You know, but then I just kinda like wrote them on piece of paper and then I would throw the paper, You know, piece of paper away, like all the species I was seeing. Oh, so you're a literate. It wasn't until maybe I'm a er. That's right. Okay. That's great. In the ocean. Straight in the Ocean. Big problem with climate change is we keep finding these burning notes. The fish are eating them and dying. Rare fish. We're looking for someone named Aadu. If you've known anything about him, he's wearing an Irish sweater that he got from Liam Neeson, but I'm Well so, but this is how you got interested in it.


And so now you're gonna go to India and it's a chance to probably see some, some new birds. Oh, for sure. Yeah. Like, You know, I lost all those lists from before. So there's, You know, I I wanna say close to a thousand species there, right? Not specifically in that state, but there's just like so many and I'm very excited. The venue is actually right next to a bird sanctuary, which I don't know if my fiance knows about, but I'm probably gonna sneak away And try to Bird that's gonna, During the ceremony, will your eyes be kinda wandering off up into the Skies? I said I do do take this woman. Huh? I do. I do. Nicely done. Yeah.


You're gonna drift away so many times. Like when it's time for toast, where is he? Haka. Kaka. You're there with nine birds on your arm talking to them like Dr. Doolittle. You're joking. But that's Actually how most of, I'm not joking. I sum up a human being very quickly. Is Your fiance into birds? She's into large mammals and she kind of tolerates my birding. And sometimes I'll, I'll find a bird. You know, we, we went to Peru earlier this year and I was showing her, oh look, that one's like a really prehistoric looking bird. And she's like, yeah, yeah, yeah. And then like every once in a while I'll find something that she'll be like, oh wow, that, that actually is really cool and beautiful. Yeah.


But I don dunno, we got our camps. We're in the wildlife camp, but You know. Yeah. That's good. We have our own areas. It's close enough areas. It's close enough. Yeah. My wife is not adjacent to any of my interests in any way. So what you, where you are sounds, You know, much, much healthier. And I, I compliment you and I, I weep for myself. I do. There's a, well, I I just think this is wonderful. I, Sona and I have been to Jaipur. Yeah. And to the, I guess they call it the, the pink, is it the pink city? Is It the pink city? Yeah. It was very Pink. It was, I think after, but anyway, we were there together.


We've had so many adventures together, but we were there together I think around 2010. And, and that was my one dip into India. And I loved it. I think it's a magical place. I really do. It's fantastic. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I think the most exciting thing for me outside of, You know, marrying my soon to be wife is showing all these people who are so near and dear to me, a culture that I have kind of taken for excuse, granted, I'm all the cool experiences I'm that I've had. I'm allergic to niche interests. I'm sorry. Oh my God. He was having a nice moment there. He's Really having a really sweet moment talking about India. I couldn't help it. I sneezed for real. And then I had to add a joke to cover my human moment. I'm sorry. Continue. So Kat, get, get it back.


My sneeze over. No, well, I'm just excited to kinda show parts of my culture that I took for granted growing up. Like being invited to all these weddings, going clothes shopping, like going up up into the mountains, staying in a bungalow, You know, You know, seeing elephants and it's, there's the culture, there's the environment. There's just like the country itself that I'm really excited to show people and yeah, I'm, I'm super stoked. Hey, it was a lot of work to get here, but Quick question. I know it's a tradition. Are you going to ride in at one point on a white horse? I am not, but I am gonna ride in on a vintage car. What kind of car? What car? 1987 Buick La Saber.


I don I don't think I have a full say on the specific car. I'll, it could be a, a Jaguar, hopefully. Fingers crossed. But yeah, I basically growing up for a lot of our weddings that I like, You know, attended, You know, elephants were used, You know, writing in on elephants, writing, Writing in on a big animal is a, is a big thing. And I know this because Jack No, no. Other than Jack McBrayer. Oh yeah. Was invited to one of the Jonas brothers. I think it was Jeb, Nick Jebediah. Jonas, I think. Oh, okay. Who was married in India. And he said that we Might stopped Saying who actually was the Jonas brother came in on, on a white horse.


Yeah. At the, You know, and the horse was like, what, what's Jack McBrayer doing here? I'm sorry I'm taking us far afield. No, it's fine. But elephants are, we don't ride 'em anymore. 'cause we found that it's actually super, You know, harmful to them. And so actually it's good that we're kind of good moving away from that, but Phasing that out, a car Car's nice. And my, my fiance is gonna be coming in on a boat, So it's open wall. That's nice. Right? Oh, I wanna go. Yeah, Well go to this morning. Let's go. Can soda just Come? Come on. Can you postpone the wedding till after the Oscars?


I think we postpone the Oscars. Okay. Yes, let's do it. You know what I mean? I, I would, I would love to say the o Oscars have been postponed and people would be like, oh, You know, well probably because of everything that's had in, in la and I'd be like, no, no, no, no. Not because of that. Aadu is getting married and I need to be there. Yeah. And he's been a good friend of mine for about 11 hours. Yeah. You Know, Sona means gold and Hindi. Okay. No one cares You way. Give us time to process it. It Means gold. The peanut is neither a peanut nor a nut. Oh God. It's a legume. Come on. Did You Know that pirates have an eye patch? Not because they're missing an eye. Mine to adjust the light. You're talking about India and that my name means gold. You kind of forced it in.


Well, it's just cool. It's a cool little Fact. Can can I just say choreographed dancing though? I want, I would love to see y'all do like, join in on the choreographed dancing. Yes. And this is an extra bit of enticement. If you come, we will add the string dance to the choreographed dance. I'm out. I'm getting, I'm getting, I'm out too. Eduardo book me some flights. Got it. I love yelling at us. This is your engineer. Highly trained sound engineer to book. I know, but you have to be jack of all trades in these situations. Eduardo, get me those flights. Click And a cup of black coffees here. Book, click, click, click, click. Book book. Click book isn't a sound effect.


Book. Book aisle. Aisle book. Well, ADU, I'm very happy for you. What is your bride's name? Allison. Allison. Okay. I'm very happy for you and for Allison. And trust me, if I could find a transporter beam, I would, I would be there. You seem like a very cool guy. And I support, I I just love that you are using your mind to try and help the planet. I, I, I love that. I would do that, but my mind's no good. Mm. But I am, I'm, I'm happy that you're, you and people like you are hard at work on this, so I appreciate that, Conan. Thank you. Yeah, I think we're, I think we're good, right?


Yeah. Yeah. I wanna thank you so much, Aadu for calling in and again, very energizing to find out that we have fans out there who are smart and funny and cool and, and doing good stuff, so, and have amazing taste in sweaters. I bow to you, sir. I bow to you. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Could I, could I say one last thing? Sure. Though, I, as an exercise, I found birds that I thought Oh, reminded me of each one of you. Oh. And I have Sure. Some photos go, Go for it. That's a quick edit right there. Okay. Yeah. This is called the Andan Cock of the Rock.


And I'll repeat that. Cock of the Rock. Yes. It's not the Real name. I, That is mean, it's like looking in a mirror. I'm sorry. I'm not sure who that is. That is my bird. What's it called again? I wanna write it down and make sure that they are, You know, don't go extinct. What is it called again? The Andean cock of the rock Cock and Yeah, it's, it's all upper body red with a huge red pompadour. Yes. I mean, you can't even tell what's head that and what's like mating plumage or Whatever that No. And you can tell, you can tell it breeds insatiably. It's called The Cock of the Rock. Yes. No. And it, it, it's just got so much sexual energy.


It probably has sex with the rock. Come on. Okay. It probably Does. So they have like these kind of performance halls. I'm not even joking, where all the males just come and kind of unleash all their sexual energy by like bobbing and making like weird dances. Yes. My God. And then the female like runs away cock of the rocks, kind of just watch and see. Yeah. You know, which one catches their eyes. So I, it just kind of reminded me of Conan for Some reason. You know what, I, I am, I, I am now cock of the W Rock Cock. The rock rock. What's that? Indian Cock of the Rock. Okay. I'm the and Indian cock of the Rock. Yeah. I love it. Yeah. I, all right, let's move on. What's Sona? Let's see. Sona. Well, this is, this is, this is Sona. Okay. Oh, nice mustache.


Sona. No, Sona. Look at that. It's got your dad's mustache, so come on man. It does Sona. Hey, Gil. I want, I want to preface by saying, I, You know, I love hearing you on like, You know, the podcast and, and all the shorts and your kind of laughter fills up the room. And I, I just wanted to shout out to that. Aw, this is called the Three Waddled Bellbird. It's a really cool bird from like Central America, and it is one of the loudest birds in existence. Yes. It nice. It's calls go to I think a hundred decibels like a rock concert almost. Oh, my, my God. You can hear them across like the rainforest.


Wow. Oh my God. Three waddled. I I don't have Bellbird. It's so funny. Bell funny you say that because we work in this office building and I'm on the top floor when Sona enters on the first floor. I hear it is clear. We all do the whole building shakes because you're one of the loudest people I've ever met. Okay. Yes. Okay. You're a Three waddled, Three waddled Bell Bird. I'm sorry, Sona. No, no, No, no. You're, You know what? You're right. And I get it. And now, and I own that about Myself. And now let's move on to the fussiest of the birds. Come on. Of Yeah. Oh, look at that. All This is the burrowing Owl. I'll take it. So, Gourley, I've, so I, to all of you, I've been kind of ingesting Conan content for two decades and Goly you, are you on the scene for me?


Right? Sure. You know, but I think you came in and you were kind of this wise presence, right? Yes. I always think of you as an owl, like the spectacles and everything, and then you kind of started to emerge as Oh, oh, he's insane as well. You know, and basically yes, the, the Buring owl super wise, but I mean, look at him. I know. They're kind of insane. That Middle one is crazy. That middle one, that's me. It's very true that Gorley came in and we all thought, well, he's the steady hand on the tiller. He is. You know, he's, he's clearly the experienced podcaster here. And he very quickly went quite mad.


Definitely not the worst, but pretty terrible. Yeah. Well, Aadu, that was a real treat. And we're gonna, we're gonna post those. Yeah. 'cause we want our fans to see those. And amazing. We should probably wrap it up, but my heartfelt congratulations to you and I hope our paths cross in person. That would be very cool. Yeah. I'd like to shake your hand. I would Love that. Yeah, I would love to do that. I have a very, thank you so much. Firm handshake. Congrats Adu. All right. Take care, ADU. Have a great time. Thank you. Take care. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sian and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive, produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo.


Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer, Aren Blair, associate talent producer, Jennifer Samples, associate producers, Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan.


Please rate review and subscribe to Conan. O'Brien needs a fan wherever fine podcasts are down.


One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. I know, right? I'm trying to sell my coal miners hat and it goes to a dance troupe. Ugh, that's no good. It's just stupid. That's where LinkedIn ads come in. Fortunately, LinkedIn is a network of over 1,000,000,001. You can't even count that high. I can't, I can't either. Link is a network of over 1 billion businessy people who might actually be interested in your business. You can even target your buyers by job title, industry, company roles, seniority skills, company revenues. Did I say job title? I think I did. Mm, just stop wasting budget on the wrong audience. That's just stupid. Start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will give you a $100 credit on the next campaign, so you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco, that's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco drips and conditions of Bly only on LinkedIn ads.


I'm so good at board games. You ever played a board game with me? I haven't, but I feel like, oh, I just destroy. You probably get really competitive. I do. And if I start to lose, I flip the board over. That's why I have an unbreak broken streak. I just always win because I just throw the board over, flip it over and say, get outta my house. Okay. That's mature. Well, yeah. It's a way to always win or never lose. Mm. Well, If you wanna save time and win faster, you should do it with monopoly expansions. There are three new ways to shorten classic monopoly. Attach to any classic monopoly board, old or new to add a twist and win fast. This is it. Everything's happening faster now. They've sped up Monopoly. Mean Monopoly does take some time. Yeah, I know. If you don't have time, did not anymore. Yeah. Basing piles of money and free parking be granted permission to cheat and steal and go to jail. Good Lord. Societal structures are collapsing. You can even experience the thrill of owning it all, including the bank in buy everything. What? Yep. We're teaching people good values. Shorten the game with monopoly expansions. All three packs are available to purchase now@amazon.com. Monopoly is a trademark of Hasbro.