
Hey, Sona, do you own a business that's ready to thrive? I do. Well, it's time to let Intuit Quickbooks take things like unpaid invoices and tracking expenses off your plate to take things to the next level. Make sense? I Really want my business to thrive. You Should. It should. Intuit Quickbooks is an all in one business platform that can help with day-to-day tasks, like invoicing and expenses. You wanna be worried about that stuff? That's Perfect. Yeah. That's what I, that's all I do. Yeah. Yeah. That's my whole business. It's your whole business. Manage and grow your business all in one place. Intuit, Quickbooks, your way to money. Get 90% off for three months. Limited time only terms and conditions apply. Money movement services are provided by Intuit Payments Inc. Licensed as a money transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services.


When You're saving up for the things you really want, you gotta make smart choices. You know, the other night I cooked dinner, sort of ordering takeout for the sixth time in a week, and there were a lot of choices involved. Do I have paprika? Do I have enough onions? You know, yeah. Is caramel gonna go in this? Oh God. The State Farm Personal Price Plan is another smart choice you can make. It can help you create an affordable price. When you choose to bundle home and auto insurance, it says JFK. It's made for you by you. Hmm. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can choose to bundle and save what the personal price plan Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on ratings, Plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer. Availability. Amounts of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay. Let's get started. Stop. Stop. No, seriously though. No, no, no. Not Now. It's over Guys. Micah. Micah is here. Micah. Hey Micah. How are welcome to Conan O'Brien meets A fan. Micah, how are you? You Good? Did I interrupt a fight? Yeah. There was no fighting. No fighting Did. We're stupid. We are adults, Micah. And to think that we would be slapping at each other's shoulders like children. Yeah. Trying to get the last hit in before you arrived is It's iCal. It's foolish and beyond. Crazy absurd. We'd never do that. Absurd. There's Footage.


Micah. Micah, old friend. Where are you coming to us from? Where are you in the world? I'm in Kansas City, Missouri. The Beva map. Very nice. I love that. Kansas City had some fantastic barbecue in Kansas City. Wonderful. Oh Yeah. It's, it's, it's kinda like talking like politics or, or religion out here. Yeah. There's a beautiful, I stayed in a beautiful old hotel like from the twenties that had been restored in downtown Kansas City and I can't remember the name of it. Oh, I've been all over. I was a traveling salesman at the time. Mic tell me, you seem like a nice fellow. Is that a cork giant corkboard behind you? What's behind you? I think so. I am, I'm using one of the meeting rooms at my job.


They probably need this room for a meeting, but I'm just camping out in it. Okay. I think it is Cork Though. Yeah. It's so funny. It's, yeah. It looks like you're almost gonna be pinned up to it. Micah. What? Don't listen to me, Micah. I'm having a hard day. I'm not making a lot of sense today. Micah. Micah, what do you do at this company? What is this company? So, I'm a designer. I work for an advertising firm. Okay. You know, my wife and I work on, worked in advertising when I met her. And so, oh, no kidding. Yeah. That's the world she came from. Oh, cool. And so you work in an advertising firm and what's your, do you have a specialty in advertising? Yeah, so I work on a big fast food client.


I've been working with them for about 12 years. And I do all the, me and my team, we do all the design work and we shoot all the food photography just about every month, which as you can imagine, it's pretty, I have a couple of questions. It's Pretty tempting. I'm guessing you can't tell us the name of the fast food place. I cannot tell you right now. Yeah. Yeah. And you can't even probably give us hints like they make a good taco or are You loving it? Yeah. They're the king of fast food burgers, you know, that's all Yeah. Kind of thing, you know, whatever. It's not important. It's, I mean, it is important. I will find out and I will disclose it to my fans. Yes. You'll, So you are the person who does photography for fast food.


Is that right? You're like, you're in charge of the whole thing. Yeah. So, so once a month we, we fly out to our photo partner in St. Louis and it's a several day shoot and it gets, it gets intense with the food stylist and getting to work with them and direct things, you know, we'll, we'll fuss over strips of lettuce on a burger for a good hour, just making sure it's perfect. It's perfect. It's perfect. Well, you know, I've noticed when you, when you look at photographs of food, especially fast food, everything looks, it's, it, it's like the most perfect burger you've ever seen. Or the display of fries the way the different fries, individual french fries, splay out. Perfect. I mean, it's all done with such attention to detail.


What's it like to be setting that up? I mean, it's gotta be a lot of pressure. It is. I mean, it's fun for me 'cause I'm not the food stylist, right. So I get to just, well, I, I see something here and I get, move this around, but you're the dick. You know what? Well, like, you know, he's the guy who's like that piece of lettuce, you know, lettuce isn't right. And then he's like, move it Too many onions. That Puppy, that puppy seed is shaped a little like Lyndon Johnson, Remove it. Oh, you would not believe, you would not believe how many times we and some of our clients see different faces or different things and like, why is there a worm in that bacon? Oh, are there some worm in the bacon?


See something there. But if you anything long enough, you're gonna see your worst nightmare. Absolutely. When you're there, is the food edible or has the food become just a, a commo? Is it, is it cold and you're covered it with, I mean, do you do stuff to the food to make it photograph better so that it's kind of inedible? Yeah. So years ago you were able to just do whatever you want to it, to just have it keep, but I think just 'cause of regulation and lawsuits of late, for a lot of people ev all the food that we shoot, it's, it's edible. Right. Like we had our, one of our food stylists, not, not for my client, but he had to actually rebuild a burger in front of a judge in court of law for a lawsuit.


Whoa, Whoa. Really? To prove that he could Do it. Yeah. To prove that this is real. We're not using anything fake. This is how we shot it. Just like this. It was crazy. I Once cool, before an award show, I went to a stylist and I accidentally hired a food stylist. And I only knew when they were, they were spreading mustard under my eyes. Pouring lettuce on your head. Yeah. And I had a lettuce for hair. And on the red carpet, I just killed it. People remember that. I got more, I was the of us weekly, You just need to spritz the tomato, that's all. Yeah. Spritz the tomato, all that. But I mean, in the old days, I always heard that they would practically coat the burger with, you know, motor oil.


Oh yeah. Motor oil or whatever they had to do to make it look appealing. So that ice Cream used to be mashed potatoes. It's, it used to be crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Is this true, Sona, they would coat a burger with motor oil? No, but for syrup, I heard they used to do that. They used to put motor oil on the, on the pancakes. Oh. And then until they burst into flame during a photo shoot. Remember the great pancake fire? 19 87, 700 people were killed. I must have missed that. And three pack and three buttermilk cakes were low. But the pictures were pretty, Yeah. I, when my wife worked in advertising, when we met, she was, I think on a food account for, I, I probably shouldn't say, but she was working on a, a cookie that if you dipped it in milk would like turn the milk blue, I think.


Oh, really? Yeah. And it later turned out to be plutonium. Oh, Perfect. Yeah. It had illegally sourced it. So Your wife invented plutonium? Yeah. That's Great. Yeah. Turned out that she was a spy and Saddam Hussein paid her a lot of money for that cookie. It was a long time ago. Long time ago. Oh no. But so you are there and you're, did you do, you must have moments. 'cause I have these moments all the time in my life where I'm doing what has become my work and I step outside my body and I say, how did this become my career? And you must have moments where you're there and 15 people were standing around looking at a triple cheeseburger and people are with tweezers, moving a pickle slightly to the right.


And you must step outside your body and go, how did this happen? Absolutely. No, that happens all the time. Especially when we're on set shooting things. 'cause it's literally exactly what you said. It's a whole team of people just looking at me sometimes going, is it good? Is it ready? I'm like, no, it's, It's not there yet. Let's move, Let's move the bun back a little bit. Or you know, the limeade just needs a little more ice on top. Oh man. Which We're almost There, mate. Lime. That's a clue. Can you, can you have free food? Always. Do you have Oh, Sona goes right. Have you have free food? Can you do just go, you do you get, do they cater it with the food from the company or can go get for you? We are. Hold it just so allowed to. I know. I'm excited.


Sona just wants you to mail her a burger. That's all. I'll, I'll show up with a bunch of food if you all want me to the studio. Okay. Right. Not you're gonna drive with the food from Kansas City. Oh, absolutely. From Kansas City. So you have to be sensitive. First of all, let's talk about it in advertising. It's all about the client. So is the client there? I'm guessing the client is there. Yes. Clients there, luckily clients. Our clients are amazing. Fantastic. I've always heard Ronald McDonald's a very nice guy. Every now and then the hamburger comes along and something goes missing. Not Long. So anyway, your clients are nice.


That's good. That's And clearly you've been with them a long time and long time. Do you ever like, go to the actual venues? You ever go to the, the fast food restaurants and check out how the photographs are being displayed, you know, in the Oh yeah. And, and you know, in the restaurant or a lot of stuff is drive through now, isn't it? I mean, so many places are just drive through. Most of it is no, we, I will go and some of my other signers and copywriters, we'll go once a month to make sure like it is presented properly. You know, some, some stores don't get it quite right. But you Know. Now what would be a mistake? Mistake. We're there meaning, meaning when you say they don't do it quite right, the lighting isn't right on the burger that you beautifully shot.


No. Like We, we make sure all of our stuff is great and good to go to print. I'm talking about sometimes there will be, oh, an entire menu's just displayed upside down. Oh, Okay. So we'll, So after doing several, several, I love that they didn't catch that on their own. Yeah, they installed it. Oh, what's The problem? Looks okay to me. You noticed they're wearing their pants on their head. Their shoes on their ears. I don't see any trouble here. I have to go to the


Dads are a lot of things. Let's face it, I'm a dad. Yes. Got two kids. That's right. Congratulations. Gorilla Masters, soccer coaches. Wait, I'm not any of these things. Gadget Fixtures. Nope. Strike three. They're also the hardest people to shop for. Really? Okay. I guess so. This Father's Day, let Macy's be your guide to gifting. Here we go. Yeah. Macy's is the gifting destination to shop for your father, for all the important men in your life. Mm. Bla Yes. You know, I gotta say Father's Day sometimes is dismissed. Mother's Day gets all the attention. Yeah, exactly. I don't get anything on Father's Day often, but this year what? I'm banking on it. Yes. And I want people to go to Macy's. You deserve it. And buy me everything. I deserve everything. Pretty much any type of gift you can imagine. Someone's you might not have thought of all at Macy's. We're talking Polos, watches, fragrances. I love a fragrance. Lego Barware, electronics, barbecue gadgets, wallets, underwear, sleepwear, travel accessories, exercise equipment and gaming gear to name a few. And they've got all the brands your dad's just gonna love. Lacoste, Tommy Hilfiger, Calvin Klein, Levi's Club Room, Hugo Boss Fanatics and Finish Line. Whoa, I knew two of those. Anyway. Let Macy's be your guide to gifting for Father's Day. Head to macy's dot com slash gift guide today.


Hey Sona, do you own a business that's ready to thrive? I do. Well, it's time to let Intuit Quickbooks take things like unpaid invoices and tracking expenses off your plate to take things to the next level. Make sense? I really want my business to thrive. It should. It should. Intuit Quickbooks is an all in one business platform that can help with day-to-day tasks like invoicing and expenses. You wanna be worried about that stuff? That's perfect. Yeah. That's what I, that's all I do. Yeah. Yeah. That's my whole Business. It's your whole business. Manage and grow your business all in one place. Intuit Quickbooks, your way to money. Get 90% off for three months. Limited time only terms and conditions apply. Money movement services are provided by Intuit Payments Inc. Licensed as a money transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services.


I'm a bit of a grill master. You know that Sona? Yeah, you sure are. Yeah, you really are. But you, I've always known as a grill master. There's no wrong way to grill. You know, we've just got our own ways to prep for the perfect event. That's all. Well, guess what, since 1975, man, what a year that was. Yeah. Miller Light has been the go-to beer to fill up the cooler when it's a good day to grill. It's made with simple ingredients. It's like malted barley, which gives it rich, balanced toffee notes in that classic golden color. Mm. Stock up today for the grill season ahead. It's Miller time. People know I'm the grill maestro. Yeah. Yes. So all my friends gather Ricky Tron, Jackal Mac, Sam Omare, all my friends, you know? Yeah. But then we have Miller Lights 'cause that's what makes it, we could almost forget all the grilling. Yeah. In fact, I don't even know why I am grilling. Most of these people are vegan. But we love Miller Light. So I'm there and I'm flipping and flipping them their soy burgers. But we're having the best Miller Light I've ever. It's just Miller Light, man. It makes everything. Yeah, it does. It's fantastic. Miller Light. Great taste. 96 calories. I've done the counting myself. Go to Miller lite.com/conine delivery options near you. Or you can pick up some Miller Lite. Pretty much anywhere they sell beer. Cheers. To 50 freaking years of Miller Time. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories and 3.2 carbs per 12 ounces.


Let's be real. I mean, it's time we got real, don't you think guys? Yeah. B2B marketing is pretty tough. It is. You can craft the perfect campaign, but if it lands in front of the wrong people, it might as well be invisible. Hey, where is it? Where is it? I don't see it. It's invisible. It's like reaching pro gamers instead of programmers. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Makes a big difference. That's where LinkedIn comes in. Gather around everybody. Yeah. LinkedIn's a network of over 1 billion professionals who actually get business on LinkedIn ads. You can target your buyers by job title, industry, company role, seniority skills, company revenue. And did we say job title yet? I guess that's a joke. So stop wasting budget on the wrong audience and start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign so you can try it yourself. Hmm. Pretty cool. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco terms and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.


Wow. Okay. So that's funny that you and this, this posse of yours drive around and I just hear like the Peter Gun thing. D ding kind of. And you like cruise in. Yeah. To, but you're not just, they're like other customers. You're there to check it out. Oh yeah. Make sure that everything is like undercover boss. Oh. You know, they go to like, through the drive through and they're like, what can I get you? And you're like a right side up Menu bitch. Yeah, bitch. Yeah. And then you peel out for no reason killing four people. You'll be hearing from me. You'll be hearing from me. We'll be back when your menu is right side up.


I love that. You have to check on that. I hope they put the menu right side up. I'll have a reha burger. Ha A what? A Reba haga heat. Do you mean hamburger? That's what it is. Upside down. Oh my God. Wow. That's really fun. I don't know that I'd be of any help to you in your, it sounds like you've got your, you know what you're doing. I think if I came into your life make it worse. I don't, I think I would just make it worse. I would have, because I would wanna do funny things to the burger. And I know that your client, whoever your client be, wouldn't appreciate me putting a funny slant on their hamburger.


Like I would wanna put a funny hat on it or an eye patch. You know, something to just sort of lighten the mood a little bit, you know? Yeah. Well I mean, we, we like to have fun with our copywriters. We like to send some fun headlines around new burgers or, you know, slushes first time around. See, see if it'll, you know, tickle the fancy of the car. Sure. Another hint. Yeah. We're writing down the Hints. If you need a copywriting, if you need a copywriting gig, we, we might be hiring. You'd be good. You wanna work? I could be okay at copywriting, but my copywriting might get very strange. I'd be edited a lot and a lot of my stuff wouldn't be used and I'd be frustrated. Wanna make Yeah. You know, You'd be writing over my shoulder. Just have it now. Put this in the layout. Yeah. Can now put this one in. All right, here we go. Yeah.


Wow. It's so, I mean, I'm, my hats off to you. I mean, it sounds, it sounds like it'd be a fun job. It sounds like it's something you enjoy. It's Fun. It's so fun. Does it make you critical when you're watching television and you see a, a rival fast food chain and they're displaying their burger or their nachos or whatever and you don't like it, are you like, ha ha, they fucked up that nacho cheese. Looks like diarrhea, right? Do you ever do that? Oh yeah. No. I, I can't turn it off. I'll even be on like vacations with my husband and I, I'll just be taking photos of other like food promotions and posters and he's like, could you just not for one day that would drive me nuts.


Like, we are on vacation For one day. Stop thinking about food. I interesting experience, which is, we shot a show years ago in Cuba and ah, I was looking at the food presentation. 'cause you go to the restaurant and all the, there'd be pictures of the food out front and the menu. And I'd go like, oh, that's pretty interesting. And then you'd go inside and you'd have the food. Then I'd go to the next restaurant and it was exactly the same and then exactly the same and exactly the same. And I realized, oh, there, it's state owned. Everything was state owned. Oh, sure. And, and still is state owned. So when you go decide, when you're trying to decide which restaurant to go to in a state owned, you know, country like Cuba.


Yeah. Where everything is under the what a socialist system. Everything's the same. Yeah. And so it's this weird, I guess for variety. I think tonight we'll go to, you know, Chester's and you're like, Chester's is the exact same thing as there's David's. Yeah. It's all, there's one Micah probably for the entire country. There's one mic that's there. There probably is. Yeah. Yeah. There's one Micah. Yeah. Yeah. I freelance in Cuba. Wait, can I ask a question? Yeah. Have you gotten to do anything with like, those robots that make the food? Like the drinks or anything? Oh, not, not making the actual food, but on photo shoots for some drink specials, like for Slushes or again Limeades that we'll have the robotic arms Doing twist.


That's the biggest Thing. Twist. They'll have like the robotic arms twisting and pouring syrup at the same time so that we get this really cool twisty visual while it's going into the drone. Oh, So the, you're talking about the cam the camera you're talking about the actual camera? Yes. Is because sometimes I'll be watching, I mean, it works. I'll be watching television, just scanning TV and a commercial will come on and suddenly I'll see different brightly colored syrups swirling through time and space and hitting this it's wild, creamy shake. And I just want it at that moment. I mean, you're basically, I know you are, you have the human brain hardwired, don't you? You know exactly how to make food look a certain way so that I must have it right.


Yes, yes. You're controlling my mind. Sony's mind. Yes. You're controlling David's mind. I'm you're in control constantly. It's incredible. We're like, and We fall for any marketing tactic. We are like a marketer's dream. Yeah. We really are. We are. It works. We're even you just, i I meal plan for you all essentially. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's so cool. I mean there's, I, I like it. Sometimes when they show, it'll be like a shake and they're trying to show you that they add chocolate bits. So the, the, the beautiful chocolate is swirling or the vanilla swirling and then a shower of little chocolate chips and flakes comes down falling. Do you know what I mean? Imperfect. It's beautiful, isn't it?


It's gorgeous. And I think put classical music to this. Yeah, that's true heart. And this is what I want to see as I'm leaving this world. I don't wanna see the faces of my children or my loved ones. I want them to roll in a tv, hook me up to the morphine, and then I wanna see little flakes of chocolate dancing through the sky as they hit the pillowy soft creamed ice. Oh my God. That's what I wanna see. I like when they bite it into the burger in those commercials. And then I just think I wanna be that person that's biting, you know, they like bite Also, I have a theory that they get Oh yeah. People with very small hands. I know what you mean. No, no. But I have a theory that they get people with very small hands to make the burgers look bigger.


Oh. So that there are burger holders and biters who have, who have, who. Look, they, they were born with very small mouths and very small hands, but in every other way their proportions are correct. And you guys hire them so they can lift up the burger up to their mouth, and then it's just mammoth and they go to take a bite and then they open their jaw and they take the tiniest bite. And you realize, if I had that burger I could live for a year and then all this juice comes out. Yeah, yeah. And it's like the burger's having an orgasm. It's crazy. Yes. Ugh. I want it now. Now I want a burger. So you said I'm not wrong.


There are tiny hint people out there with little giant, if you are out in the world and you see someone go to pay for the check with a little tiny hand, and they go, this one's on me, and they've got a very tiny mouth, then you can just say to them, you're a burger Holder, A professional burger Holder, And you try and put cuffs on them to take them to the police station, but they slip off. But you can gag them by putting a little pee in their mouth. Just one green pee. Look, I lost my mind here, Micah. Oh my God, my brain broke. You didn't, oh No, Micah, did you, I'm sorry. Did you have a question for Conan Question?


How do we follow that up? Oh my God. There's no way he could have a question after that. Do you I do have a question. I I might, I might pivot slightly on my original question I had for you. Okay. So in, in fast food, which is, Are you insane? No. In the fast food world, there's a lot more celebrity endorsements and customized drinks or meals. Right? Yeah. So if Conan O'Brien had a custom drink or combo, what, what would it be? Oh, if I had a, oh, I, I mean if I had a, a custom drink or combo. Can you gimme an example? Like what celebrities have a custom drink or combo? So I think, I think Mariah Carey had one a while ago and it was, it was just a slight twist on a classic burger and fries and drink.


But what, what's the Cone O'Brien? One version of Yeah. 40 Smoothie. Yeah. Oh, that's right. There we go. Yeah, me. Let's see. Well, I mean, it'd have to be ham based because, you know, I'm so Irish, my bones. I did, I had an MRI recently, and they said your bones are made of ham, 1970s ham. So, you know, I would, if if it would have to be, I, I mean, I'm just saying I'm not putting it out there, but like a har an Arby's that has like a ham sandwich where there's giant slices of ham. Yeah. Yeah. It would've to be that kind of thing to be stay, be true to my, my Irish roots.


Yeah. Just big chunks of ham. Ham. Can you shoot ham in a way that's attractive? Whereas ham always just ham. Well, we can, are we calling it the big chunks of ham combo? Yeah, The ham. The ham chunker or the slab? Baroo. Just chunker big chunks of the Conan Slab. The Conan slab. It's just go Name associated with it. Okay. Yeah. Conan slab. Yep. Yeah. And I'd be paid hundreds of dollars for my association with this product. Yeah. It's gotta be The tiniest hands. Hold it For you. Oh my God. We have to find the tiny hands and tiny mouth. I'm not Gonna do it. You're gonna do it. Okay.


Yelling at them. What? I'm yelling at them. You're gonna do it, you're gonna hold his brother holding the ham. Don't hurt me. Yeah, don't hurt me. Please don't, don't your hands hold it better. Okay. So yes, if you could hook me up with, it's gonna, I don't know what other fast food chains have ham as a staple, but it's gonna have to be ham. I, I will pitch it to our clients come Monday morning. Oh, so your clients hat ham. Interesting. Which Ising Got it. We've narrowed it down now. Limeade and Ham. Yeah, the Limeade and Ham special. Wow. This is a, this is a soft, this is a fast food place that's going down the toilet fast. How come no one's coming in for our Limeade and ham drink?


Big chunks of ham floating in lime. What's wrong? I like it. Quiet, small mouth. We're not ready for the photo shoot. Okay. All right. Well, really fun talking to you Micah. You're a very funny, smart, cool person and I wish you well. I really do. It was fun talking to you. Oh, thank You. Can I just say one more thing? Yeah, I know you get a lot of compliments. Just me being a fan all these years, my, me and my company, what we do, even though it's advertising, it sounds pretty, you know, superficial, but like, we love to just bring joy, comfort, and meaning to people. Oh, that's nice. Your podcast and you will, and you all three have been doing that for me and my creative director, JK for years. So Thank you. Oh, thank you so much.


Well, I will tell you this, there's really, I'm always watching ads and seeing really funny stuff that I think, oh, I wish I had thought of that. There's a, there, the, the line between, you know, what I do and advertising and I mean, creativity is creativity. So we're all trying the same thing. Yeah, yeah. We're all just trying to make, I I don't think you should hem and haw at all about being in advertising and like I say, my wife who's the most important person in the world to me, she was in advertising and she loved it. And she's an incredibly creative person. So I don't know, I don't think I, I think you guys should hold your heads high and get a ham sandwich out there with my name on it.


Okay. We will. We absolutely will. All right. All right. Take care man. We'll see you. All Right. Thank you all so much. Bye-bye. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sono of Sesion and Matt Corley, produced by me, mag Gorley executive, produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer Aren Blair, associate talent producer, Jennifer Samples, associate producers Sean Dougherty and Lisa m. Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash Conan. Please rate review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan wherever fine podcasts are done.


Andy Richter here with a message from Toyota. Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025. According to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com And with dependable vehicles for any lifestyle you can get everything you need today while investing in tomorrow. Choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for deals today. Vehicles projected resale value specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelly Blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Company, incorporated. Toyota, let's go places.


My favorite part about having US Cellular Home internet is all the things it lets me do. It's quick connection lets me enjoy things like streaming my shows, keeping up with my friends online, taking work calls without lagging and not having the stress about cost. Switch to US cellular and do the things you love with the internet you love. Just 39 99 a month when bundled with a wireless plan. And if you don't love it, you have 15 days to let us know terms apply. Visit us cellular.com for details.