
On March 28th, universal Pictures, Blumhouse and the director of the Shallows invite you to their new horror movie. The Woman in the Yard in the morning, she appears by noon. She gets closer. When Night falls, she takes you. Who is this woman? Where did she come from? What does she want? And most importantly, when will she leave? Don't let her in. And don't miss the woman in the yard. Only in theaters March 28th.


Hi, this is Steve Buscemi. You know the actor? Well, now I'm an actor and podcast host from piece of Work Entertainment and Campsite Media in association with Olive Productions. Comes big time an Apple Original podcast. Each episode follows the story of one misfit with big dreams. Who wasn't afraid to bend a few rules or take a shortcut to get there? Well, who steals Bees? I was duped. I Shoot you in the leg. This is big time. Follow and listen. On Apple podcasts


A Monday Warrior mean means stride. Today's time. So you mean mean pride? Well, that iconic song can only mean one thing. It's The Conan and Jordan Show. And I'm joined. Of course, I'm Conan O'Brien. I don think that shouldn't have to be said. And I'm joined by my enemy, my friend, my frenemy a man. I loathe a man. I love Mr. Jordan Schlansky. Yes. Hi. You've been in my employee for how many years now, Jordan? Decades. Okay.


Yes. Nice. And, and, and you bring up that iconic song Tom Sawyer, by Rush, that starts our show. I would like to point out that longtime listeners of our show may have noticed something a little different today in that our engineer, Eduardo graciously played my preferred mastering of that song. This is not the readily available mastering that any fool would get on a streaming service these days. Any, Any fool. Okay. I have put a lot of time and money into seeking out the best version of all of my favorite music. I have bought probably 20 versions of that album on various media. Right. And Well, better that than have your kids go to college. Yeah. These are hobbies.


We all have our hobbies. Okay. Okay. These are benevolent pursuits. You spend your money on various hobbies. I believe you have a collection of guitars Often. No. They were all given to me. Money, guitars. I, I understand. Well, that's impressive. Yeah. That's cool. When you just know famous people, they give you guitars. Yes. Well, we can all aspire to that level. So this is a special, this cut to the chase. This is a What's different about this pressing of that song? Okay. Like all of us, I like music. Some say the language of music is older than the word language itself. Music is a great unifier, much like food. Okay. When we all disagree on so many things, we all appreciate music. I go one step further. I like to have the best version of music to listen to.


I like my music to sound as good as possible. Back in the seventies when you were growing up, you might have called me a Hi-Fi guy. Sure. Okay. Yeah. So for any given music Release now, I'd have a, I'd have a different term for you now, but this goes out to families, so I'm not gonna do it. So, a again, I'm gonna try and get you to the point, rather than taking us to, well, This is a radio show we talk. That is our, that is our venture here. We are here to Talk. What is different about this pressing You interrupt my talking, but that's the whole point of the show. What's different about this pressing? Okay. There are many. Back in the day before things were standardized, You keep going back To the day. I just wanna know what's different about this pressing. Yes. This is a spoken word program. Is that correct? Yes. Okay. So I am speaking words.


All right. That is what I was told the assignment was. All right, I'm here to complete the assignment. All right. Today we're gonna spend, I don't know, a half hour talking about different cd. Guess What, you just passed that. Mark D different cd pressings. Okay. So now things are kind of standardized in the digital age, but back in the eighties and nineties, my preferred musical genres, any given CD pressing, might have a different sound to it. If you bought a CD of a given album in Japan, it would sound different than one in West Germany. Yes. Yes. Okay. So Rush moving pictures is the album in question 1981. It was released on various media. Of course, vinyl. Now that's very expensive, so keep your greasy fingers off of it. You can touch the, yeah, you can touch the case. I don't want it on the disc. Okay.


Not gonna touch the Disc. I wasn't gonna touch the disc. And I, how did You know that I had liquid grease for lunch? Well, I known You for a bucket of it. I've known you for decades and, and we've had these experiences before. So basically unbelievable. I have an A quest. This is actually a very well recorded album and very well mixed. A lot of dynamics. But in recent releases, those dynamics are squashed. There's a trend to make digital releases of music sound as loud as possible. Okay? Nobody wants their song to sound quieter on the radio or a, or on a streaming service compared to the song next to it. You know, your body language makes me feel a bit rushed. This is gonna take a while. Okay? I just want pun. Yeah. This is not, this is not punchy stuff, no pun stuff. This is A slow bird, no pun intended. I did not mean to, Yeah, you, you got something?


Do I have something? Yes. You Got a paper? Okay. I have a little, I guess this is more important than what I was talking about. I think you're gonna agree that it is. Okay. I have a special guest for you today. Okay. Who's joining us right now? Alright, let's get him in here. I think this is a big moment. Okay. There he is. Geddy Lee. This is, oh, yes. What do you mean? Oh, yes. Yeah. Speak of Devil. This Is, this is your God. Yes, Getty. How are you? Great to see you. I'm Getting, I can't believe, I can't believe. I just, I'm, I'm learning. I bring Getty into the conversation and you go, oh, yes. Freak freak. Okay. For anyone that doesn't know, we've been joined by Geddy Lee. I believe your original name was Gary Levy, Toronto, Canada.


Perhaps a man of Willowdale. Well, I think, yes. I was born Gary Lee Wine Rib. Okay. And I changed it to Geddy Lee, which is a long story. Yes. Where, where are you right now? Getty? Where are you zooming into us from? I'm at home in Toronto. Okay. Toronto, Canada. Lovely. And first of all, let me thank you, Getty, because you are an iconic musician. You're a big deal. And for you to join our ridiculous show is very cool. And so thank you so much for doing that. The reason I wanted you to join is I, I, I talked to Jordan. We've traveled the world together. We have a famous relationship, I think 40% of the time, Jordan is trying to talk to me about you, your music.


And it's, it's very flattering. But I thought you should come together now and you should talk to Jordan because Jordan claims that this pressing is much better of superior quality. Can you hear the difference, Getty? I'm learning so much today. I can tell you from Jordan, just listening to you guys talk about this stuff, there was a time I could hear the difference. I couldn't swear to hear the difference today because I'm a little bit older and my hearing isn't what it used to be. But audio files know far more about that quality of sound than the guys that actually make the records, I think. Isn't that incredible? Jordan is basing his whole life, it's like a religion to him that this is the only version that can be played.


You Geddy Lee can't hear the difference. I understand that. Nevertheless, I appreciate what he's done, and now I want to hear his work in the best way possible. It's really honoring him and his band mates. Okay. Okay. All right. So I like a dynamic version. Now, my favorite recording or mastering of moving pictures was actually an original Dutch vinyl record. And there is a famous digital rip of that online, and I requested permission to play it on air, and I was unable to obtain that permission, but my second Favorite. Are you feeling, are you feeling at all unsafe right now? Are you feeling that you're in the presence of, I don't know, a mad man, someone who I'm, I'm very impressed and I understand that the Rush fans are quite nerdy as I am myself.


And this is sort of living proof of that. I think if You know the Dutch pressing of one of our records. That's right. That is, if that doesn't qualify for Nerdism, I don't know what that, Thank you for identifying the exact nature of the illness. Well, you're a nerd. These men, you're a nerd. These men and their engineers at Les Studio in Moen Heights, Quebec in 19 80, 19 81, 1 spent a lot of time to get a certain sound. Okay. They experimented with different techniques. Digital technology was new at that time. Their drummer and Neil Pier wore a microphone tape to his chest to get a drummer's Perspective. You know, it might be interesting to hear Geddy Lee talk about Rush Getty. Would you like to say anything about those days and some of the innovations and what the sound you were going after?


Are we gonna let R 2D two over here spit out this bullshit? Go ahead, Danny Lee, you have the microphone. I'd be happy to chime in. Yes. But, but yes, Jason, you're correct. Yes. It's Jordan, by the way, Common mistake. When we recorded at the studio, we were one of the first bands, certainly in the genre of music we were making to use a digital mixdown system. And, and, You know, computerized mixing was kind of a new thing in 1980. So we experimented with a lot of that kind of stuff.


And, and it was not easy because you are wrestling with new technology, but you're, you're quite right that rock bands were not doing that. 'cause they were one of the last of the genre to convert from analog to digital. And a lot of people were questioning the validity of, of Right, right. Of digital music for Hard Rock. Anyway, it was a hell of a good sound, a hell of a good noise that we ended up with. And we spent, You know, weeks, if not months, at the studio in the snow in the winter of 1980. So yeah, it was, and Neil did indeed have a, a microphone tap to his chest, particularly, I think for the song Vital Signs, so we could get the sound that he hears in terms of there's a certain impact a drummer gets from his drum kit Sure.


That nobody else can hear because they're in front of the drums and not sitting behind the kit. So we wanted to blend some of that in. So, so Getty, all those nerdy facts are true. And thank you for doubling down the nerdy thing. But Getty, I'm curious, did you, could you have had any idea back in 1980, you're up in Quebec that all these years later, I mean, here we are some 44 years later, and that someone like a Jordan and, and Jordan is not, I mean, Jordan's very peculiar, but Rush fans really know this stuff. Yeah. That's gotta it must blow your mind to think that what you guys were doing back then is now chapter and verse.


It's, it's like talking about something in the Bible or the Talmud. It's, it's, it's gotta be kind of freaky for you, huh? Yeah, it is. The level of our fan, the level of knowledge that our fan base possesses is quite daunting. And they, like you did at the beginning of the show, talking about pressings, et cetera, et cetera. But we've been lucky to have such a dedicated fan base. I don't think we would've ever made it into the Rock Roll Hall of Fame without their fervent pleas to, to put us in there. But certainly I'm grateful to their level of nerdism and their, their fanaticism, but they do know more about us than than we can even remember.


I I can assure you that. Now, Getty, this is an awkward question, but say Jordan, were to show up outside your home in Toronto, would you invite him in and let him stay for a week? Fuck, no. Sorry. I am I allowed to say that? Oh, that was the greatest thing that ever happened. Geddy Lee, thank you so much, Jordan. I'm sorry. But that's just the answer. That's the answer. And it's the way it's gonna have to be. I Look, I appreciate the music. I, I understand that we don't need to know each other in real life. I respect that professional distance. Nevertheless, I appreciate the music.


I have many things to say, which will go unsaid today and stay for another day. You have a Chance to ask him anything you want. You do. Yeah. This is your chance, this is your big chance. Shoot. You fire away. More so requests than questions. I've educated myself on most of the knowledge base out there, but of course there are requests, a certain material I would like to see. There was a 19 90, 19 90 concert at the Palace of Auburn Hills, Michigan on the Presto tour. It was shot by the Intel in-house cameras at the venue, and parts of it were released on a special album release a few years ago, but it wasn't the entire concert. I'd like to see the Enco entire concert on video of that Presto show, because that was my first concert, April, 1990.


Do You, do You know what he's talking about, Getty? Vaguely. Actually, I think some of those venues did record our shows back then. There is a show that we did record in 1997 in Toronto at the amphitheater that we have yet to release. But there is some talk about doing something with that, but Time will Tell, and I don't remember that particular footage that you're talking about. Yeah, it was, it was released under the name, through the Rabbit Hole. And I understand the artist doesn't necessarily oversee every aspect of this that would be incredibly tiresome. And that's not his responsibility. His responsibility was to make the music, and then he has the right people that he trusts to take it from there.


And I respect that. I'm not requesting that you handle it personally, but if it ever comes up in discussions there, there is a call for that by the fans. And I would like to see the last, some of the later albums such as Vapor Trails and Clockwork Angels released in a more dynamic form in 2015. The Abbey Road engineer Sean McGee remastered most of their catalog from their mercury years and then some of the later releases as well. But he never got to those two. And there isn't really, there aren't really good dynamic releases of those. I would like to hear those at some point in the future. Thank you for your time and attention, Dude. You need to send me a list of this stuff. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Getty, it doesn't seem to be, I'm noticing he's, he's not writing any of this down.


Yes. By the way, I'm well aware. I'm this and I, I did notice he has, like me, he has a button in his study Yes. That alerts security. And he's been leaning on that thing for about 10 minutes. Yes. Getty, you are a very good sport, in addition to being an incredibly talented musician and a great guy. And it was very nice of you to drop in and, and, and speak to Jordan. I worry about Jordan, frankly, and I think after this conversation you're a little worried about him too, In all seriousness. I understand it's his birthday, so, or or coming up to his birthday. Is that Well, recently passed. Recently passed, yes. Okay. Well, I just wanna wish you Happy birthday, Jordan.


Thank you very much. Thank you for being a fan. Thank you. I really appreciate it. And hopefully we will get to meet on a, a more human level than Yeah. Through the Zoom Machine and with maybe security present. Yeah. It's also my bar mitzvah today, Getty. So If you wanna say a word about that. Okay. Yes. Geddy Lee, thank you so much. It's very kind of you to call in and our regards to your, to your band mates and to all the good people in Toronto. That's one of my favorite towns in the world. So thank You. Thank you, Conan. It's great to be here. It's nice to meet you too. Likewise. Big fan. Take care. All Right. Take care. Geddy Lee. Thank you. Cheers very much. Cheers. Thank


you. This bracket season FanDuel is letting you make the call. 'cause right now, new customers can get $200 in bonus bets when your first $5 bet wins. You hear me? That's 200 extra binos to bet on. Everything from clutch shots to last second heartbreaks and even who's cutting down the nets. If you've been waiting to join, there's no better time. There's turn action that slang for tournament almost every day. And FanDuel has amazing bet types like spreads totals, game props, and so much more. I know all about this. You do? Oh, I'm a real, it sounds like it. I'm a real Beto. I I'm, I'm excited because Michigan State, which is my team, I I think they're gonna go all the way. They're number one in the big 10. Yes. Yes. Let's go all the way. You know, don't shake your Head, Eduardo. Listen, you are all a Michigan all the way. You're always That's right. Ever since I've known you, which is like 20 some odd years. That's right. You've been babbling about Michigan. This Michigan that. You gotta try a Michigan soup. You gotta have Michigan pizza pie. I love it all. And, and, and so Yeah. I say with FanDuel, Michigan State all the way. Let's go baby. Go Drink. Yeah. Your favorite murderers are from Michigan. Anyway. That's true. Also, soup. Visit FanDuel dot com slash conan. Get in on the college hoops. Action. All turn long. Turn is short. Tournament Must be 21 plus in present in select states for Kansas. In affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in present in DC. First online Real money wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued as non withdrawal Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fan dual.com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Visit md gambling help.org. In Maryland,


CarMax knows that finding the right car is all about exploring your options. Like the option to shop your way on your schedule at CarMax. You can browse, compare, and pre-qualify online, then finish up at the store or simply start on the lot. The choice is yours because at CarMax, you're in the driver's seat. Start the search for your next car today at CarMax, the way car buying should be


On March 28th, universal Pictures, Blumhouse and the director of the shallows invite you to their new horror movie. The woman in the yard in the morning, she appears by noon, she gets closer. When Night falls, she takes you. Who is this woman? Where did she come from? What does she want? And most importantly, when will she leave? Don't let her in. And don't miss the woman in the yard. Only in theaters March 28th,


Every sandwich has bread. Every burger has a bun. But these warm, golden smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best. The phileo fish. And you, you can have them too. And you can have it all at two for $6. Like a Filet O fish, big Mac, 10 piece McNuggets or large fries, limited time only price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.


What an incredibly nice guy. That was a really, that was a really nice treat that he could drop in here. Yes. Yeah. Were you, how did it feel? Had you spoken with Geddy Lee before? I met him a few times. Yeah. He's incredibly well spoken. He's enjoyable. When you listen to him speak in interviews, just the way he forms words, Those are called sentences, You know? Yeah. Right. But the way he puts words together and Yeah. That's sentence. Yeah. Particularly Kate Adjective. He has the man's very intelligent, well spoken. I enjoy listening to people like that. I don't know. I mean, I listen to him. He seem like a nice smart guy, but I, I think I'm just as intelligent. But You know, the idea, think Make words too and put them into sentences. I think there's a conflation with the idea of fandom. Most, so, most people are fans and they feel like they need to meet the person.


They need to hang out with the person. I'm an a huge fan of Rush, but I don't feel the need to hang out or even meet him. Guess What? Yes. That feeling is shared. Yeah. By, I think by Geddy Lee and the rest of the members of Rush. Yes. Which I think works out nicely. You don't feel the need to meet them. Right. And I, and he does not want to meet you. Right. Nor and shouldn't really meet you. Right. Based on this presentation. Based on what he was given, I would not want meet me either. So you understand. Right. What I'm saying is he's seeing, he's seeing a very limited side of me. No, no, no, no, no. He's not seeing a limited side of you. That is you. No. He is seeing, what is this presented to him? This is what It just presented to him as. You, This is, we have many aspects. There's to our personality another I Was No, you don't.


No you don't. What I'm saying is you're a fucking floor lamp that I've been looking at for years. I've walked around it, I've pushed it on and I've turned it off. And now you're saying there's many sides to me. There are many sides to me. And I think he would appreciate something. First of all, I don't care if he would appreciate them. 'cause I have no interest in bonding with him. Nevertheless. Well, that's So rude. This guy just called into wish you a happy Birthday. And suddenly you're saying, I don't give a flying fuck when He does. My birthday passed two months ago. I was being polite. Now listen to me. Wait, Now listen to me. Oh, so Geddy Lee has to know your birthday. Exactly. I wanna what fool, what Fool in this room told the Geddy Lee that my birthday was right now and I have to play along like a jackass. 'cause I'm not gonna be the asshole that tells him, no, you're wrong.


That's going Well. You, you did tell him passed. Well, I was Polite. God's the best I can do. I'm not gonna flat out Lie and say, say yesterday is my birthday. I think within two months is a fairly good shot. There are 12 months. Two Months. That's a sixth of the Year for God sake. So what, he came with a six. He came with six. What kind of scale? Got Now a six? The Bridget bark. Don, don't be fucking happy Now you listen to me, you son of a bitch. What I'm saying is you in great, we just arranged, You know what it costs for us to get Geddy Lee on the phone. Yeah. Nothing. $600,000. What I'm saying is the man likes wine. Okay. He has a preference for French wine. My, I have a presence for Italian wine. Nevertheless, there are things that we could connect on should either of us want to. I don't want to. I don't want to. Oh, no offense to that saying that.


No offense to that. And I enjoy listening to his music and, and I enjoy listening to him speak, but I don't make any pretense that him and I are would ever go hang out. Wait minute. Nor would I, I'm an introvert. I, I fear human interaction. I, I I I avoid it. Like have A radio show with me, me, I, yeah. With I have one human being here and, and some nice gentleman over here, but I I'm not talking to large quantities of people. Okay. First of all, you're saying that If you passed a cafe Yeah. If you were walking strolling along. Right. If you were strolling along and you passed a cafe, and Geddy Lee was sitting there and he happened to remember you, and he said, oh, Jason. And you went, what's Jordan? Yeah. And he said, have a seat. Let's share a, a bottle of French wine.


You wouldn't join him. Okay. First of all, of course I would be polite. Secondly, if I walked by him, be Polite, wouldn't you be honored If I walked by him? He didn't recognize me and he was sitting there. I would absolutely not approach him either before or after this experience. Okay. I would give the man his space. I, I have no interest. It doesn't do anything. I'd rather go home, put my headphones on at 3:00 AM and listen to my favorite pressing of moving pictures and get lost in it than sit down at a cafe with a man that ju clearly wanted to be alone. No, I'm different than you. I want to know the man. I am someone who likes people I interact. I know we're on this spinning blue globe we call Earth for a short time. And so no, I don't wanna huddle off in the dark and, You know, put my headphones on and, and, and have the same technical experience that I've had many times before.


You know, I find that, yeah. Well, you and I are different. Maybe you're, you're somehow consumed by the idea of fame. Nope. And also Fame doesn't interest me at all. And also, as you'll know, a a lot of artists, he's actually a very friendly, gregarious man with great social skills. But there many artists are kind of at the other end of the spectrum and, and are more introverted like myself and don't necessarily wanna connect with people. Of course, they do it out of obligation to their fan base. But yeah. I I, so I, I don't need to impose myself on, I'm gonna give you my takeaways Yes. From what we just experienced. Yeah. Your favorite band of all time Rush. Okay. Geddy Lee, I surprise you with Geddy Lee.


And you went ah, yes, Yes. Which stunned me. Okay. Because unbelievable. This is, I mean, what, what did you expect? What Would you have expected? I thought you would be, would crack a smile and go, oh my, oh, whoa. Oh, hey. Whoa, this is Thumping you wanted thumping that to you, shows that Wow, I've done Well, you've got the thumping from me. I'm saying I saw him, I acknowledged him. I, I, I understood You acknowledged him. I, I understood You acknowledged him like you went into a supermarket. Yes. You were looking for, You know, you were looking for a bag of Snickers bars. Yeah. And, and you went in the candy aisle and you went, oh, there they're, yeah. Yeah. That's, that's the reaction you gave. You saw, You know, you saw some nutter butter cookies you were looking for.


Hmm. Yeah, there they are. There was no, that's all. And I thought, I found that to be unusual. The other takeaway is you go on and on and on about the difference in these audio pressings. He didn't know, he didn't know what you were talking about. I didn't expect him to know. I wouldn't expect, that's not his job. He passes that off to other people. I don't have access to those other people. You put, you put him up on a screen. So he's the man I made my case to. If you put the, the head of their catalog up on, on screen, I would've made a better case to them. Okay. Alright. Yeah. Now listen, I've had the experience of, You know, being an artist. I have a great vast body of work going back. Yeah. I mean, even before 1993, Simpsons. Oh, I'm Familiar with it. Well, north Report. Yeah.


Let's not go that far back. But anyway, Not necessarily the news. Okay. Now you overdid it, but The Groundlings Well Lampoon before that. Yeah. Ill, so what I'm saying is I've been making comedy pretty much steadily since 1981, even Earlier since You as a fan. Yeah. Probably have liked to go back sometimes and watch my old work. Yeah. I do it regularly as part of my career, but No, no, No, no. As a fan. Yeah, I do. I I'm a huge fan of the show. I was happy to work on it for so long because I was a fan of it. But I'm gonna say very clearly, I have no interest in famous people. Yes, you do. Simply because they're famous. Yes, you Do. You must sometimes you must sometimes when you and I are walking around together, be thinking, oh my God, this is Car O'Brien. This is That, that thought does occur to me based on situations that happen around me.


But I don't reject you or accept you simply because you're famous. I don't seek out famous people. I don't feel any more exhilaration talking to a famous person than a non-famous person. Er now, liar. There are some famous people that I am infatuated with that I've never met. Okay. Neil Diamond, Tristan Rogers from General Hospital in the 1980s. Jesus are certain there are, are Certain what, what a list. Yes. There are certain Neil Diamond, Tristan Rogers. Yeah, there are, I can count from General Hospital. I can count on one hand the amount of famous people. I was very interested to meet John Williams. I've met him a number of times of, of course, the famous composer. He was a big one for me. Neil Diamond. I never had the chance to meet John Ritter.


I did meet a wonderful guy. He was wonderful. He, he was on, he was on my List. Oh, I got Tristan Rogers Here. Tristan Rogers. He's Australian. Australian. A Australian. Yes. He's certainly old. He's a beautiful voice. I don't know how old he is, but 78. Okay. That sounds about right. He, I modeled my personality after him. I watched General Hospital religiously in the 1980s. It was him. Stop. Stop. It was John Reilly who played Sean Donnelly, who I met at The Grove once the late Great John Reilly. Stop. Hold It. Hold, hold it. Stop for just A second. Okay. You're saying that you didn't have a personality, you were an empty vessel and you decided to, you watched a soap opera and you saw a person acting on a soap opera and modeled who you are after that person.


Well, you certainly extrapolated a bit. Okay. No, that's fine. I gave you, that's an exact description. I think you embellished the core of what I was saying. Okay. I just repeated what you said. The man, the man spoke like music. You listened to the words that come out of his mouth in his Australian accent. And he speaks like music. He could play it all. He could play the mystery. He could play the drama, love, anger. That, that episode with him, him and Bert, his in Knight December, 1986, his Bert Ramsey, his former police commissioner that betrayed him and became head of the mob when he yelled at him at the end of that episode, that was like stunning. That changed me. Can I Me something? Yes. What boy your age is watching these soap operas. These soap operas were meant for Housewives.


There was a time I sought out those old episodes of General Hospital. I tried to get the footage. It was unavailable everywhere. They would put out little retrospectives, vhs. I'm, I'm Luke and Laura's wedding. No one gives a shit about that. We've all seen it 50 times. I Wanna see the Aztec treasure your whole life. 1984. I wanna see the Asian quarter from 1985. Your life. So Your whole life is chasing lost footage that no one else gives a shit about. Yeah. That's You just said you had one question for Geddy Lee. Yes. Yes. We gave a concert 1991 over 1990. 1990, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm, I missed it. Yeah. I missed it. By less than how you mount team missed your birthday. Yeah. And You know what I'm saying, two months. So unacceptable. And I see you guys, you performance on the rooftop of Beth Israel Hospital. And I just wanna say, so I've seen most of it, but some, there's a section where you guys take a bathroom break and it's missing and, and, and, and so you're asking for that footage.


He doesn't know what the fuck you're talking about. I Know. He doesn't know what the fuck. And now I'd rather meet Tristan Rogers than Geddy Lee. God Damn. But there I said it. I said it. Get Tristan Rogers. Tristan get Tristan Rogers. Get Tristan Rogers up on that. Alright. Right. We're gonna get Tristan Rogers. I want Tristan Rogers. Okay, so your list is Neil Diamond and what will you be excited for Tristan Rogers when he comes up? No, this No. I'll do an impression of him. Yeah, I'll do an impression of you bringing him up. Oh, guess what? We have a, a treat for you, the person you modeled your entire personality on, who you've never met before. And here he is. And you go like, oh yes. That's what you're Gonna do. Okay. First of all, let's pretend that as human beings, we're not influenced by the media figures we're exposed to every day. Like Tony Hopkins said, in the Silence of the Lambs, we covet what we see every day around us.


Okay. I saw him every day. Stop shouting. You're shouting, you're shouting. You Seem I found him compelling. He had charisma. The charisma that I have. I learned from him. Oh, okay. Well then guess what? He should be shot. Okay. He should be sued. What do you mean the charisma you have? This man is cool as ice. Okay. I don't equate somebody's talent by their level of fame, their the level of objective fame. Okay. He may not be the most famous person in this town, but to me he's the most compelling. Can I ask you something? Yeah. So have you ever wondered, or I don't know If you've had therapy and my guess is you have not. I think you would, I don't think a therapist would be able to help you. I think it'd be like a, I don't need help.


Hold on. I think it'd be like a therapist sitting and there's a toaster oven on the couch. I'm fine. Oh yeah. People that say, I don't need help, I'm fine shouting it usually are fine. So my question is, do you ever wonder why you needed, why couldn't you just let your own personality form? Why did you need to take it? Ah, yes. From a character on general Hospital. Yes. The ideal, the ignorant ideal. Let me explain to you how human psychology works. Okay. Let me explain to you nature and nurture. We are a product of what we are exposed to every day. Now, you can look at this as a negative, or you can look at this as empowering. We can choose what we surround ourselves with every day. These things will become part of our personality.


You are comprised and part of me, because you have been exposed to me, I have rubbed off on you in ways you may, may or may not be aware of. You've never rubbed are a product of our rub, environ, rub. As strong as we think we are mentally, I'm true to myself. Yourself is based on your environment. Every single human being that's around you. Every single object becomes part of you. I am a part of you and I will always be. Yeah. You're inside me. Listen. I wanna say something Jordan, you say you're fine. You say you're okay. I'm just gonna notice. Yeah. I think we've all noticed it. You've been shouting. Okay. For much of the last 15 minutes. I keep seeing Eduardo reach over and turn the dials down because you're gonna blow out these beautiful microphones.


Mm. These are gorgeous. Sure. SMB sevens, That's, yeah. These Have a very low gain, by the way, you need a very powerful mixer to extrapolate the proper sound. You can use a cloud lifter though, which a lot of amateur podcasters do. And now they have a new model that has a built-in preamp. They're a little bit longer, they're shiny and they say short down the side. So What I'm saying is the fact that I'm shouting doesn't preclude me from being content. It stuns me. I'm a content man. It stuns me that SXM, they're a big company. Big company, and they're in business with all the biggest talents. Yeah. And somehow you are on there now.


Yeah. I apparently am a radio host on the SiriusXM. Yeah. And it's stunning to me. Yeah. The the amount of bib babble blather and blather that spews out of this face of yours that I'd like to smash. It's incredible that Yeah. That you, that, You know, people are listening in their cars right now. Right. They're, they're, You know, they're, they're Dodge Neons, their Chevrolet Gogos. I'm just making up car names. I don't know For anyone wondering what it's like to be a radio host. I'll tell you what it's like, there's no change to my life. There are no perks. I'm not even convinced. We have a radio show. I've seen clips of it on YouTube. I don't have, there's no mug in front of me with the Conan O'Brien show logo that has two meatballs that look like the orange chicken and Panda Express.


I, I don't feel, you tell me we have a radio show and you think I'd feel some level of accomplishment to be a radio host, a goal that I never set for myself, but somehow found me. And, and I just have a normal life. I don't get to free things. I, I don't get. Why should you, the special privileges at restaurants, just for anyone wondering, maybe you aspire to be a radio hosting, you think your life will change. I'm here to tell you there is zero change. So you thought that by sitting next to me on a radio show show, I thought there'd be some sense of accomplishment. You'd be ushered into a better seat. I Yes, yes I did. I would think yes. At the Lucky Duck Chicken house. You know, you thought, okay, that's incredible. You, you're a mystery to me. Okay. You continue to be a mystery.


I try to make you happy by bringing you, I'm happy one of your icons daily. I'm happy. I try to get you therapy so you don't need it. Yeah. You still shout. I don't know. I, this was an incredible experience for me to watch you. I try to help you. I try to do nice things for you. I I took you to Italy. You can all watch it. Yeah. I, I do all these extraordinary things for you. And you, you always end up angry. You seem angry. No, I'm not angry. I'm content. I'm passionate. I I appreciate the things you've done to me. I, I'm self-aware to you. Yeah. You just said to you Done to me. For me with me. No, no. You could choose your pro. You could choose your conjunction F Freud's line one. Yeah. Yeah. I, I appreciate them. I'm passionate about them.


Look, people say apathy is the worst insult. If I shout and I'm passionate, don't worry so much about am I angry, am I happy? Right. Just, just be happy that you're evoking an a response in me. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Mu Mussolini shouted and he was just trying to get his point across. If that's the criteria for being a, a, a dictator, then, You know, I think half of the population is guilty. Okay. Well, we got off on a crazy tangent. I think you brought up Mussolini. I think that's weird. Okay. Listen, we had a wonderful episode. I think you got to meet one of your great heroes and talk to him. I know you say you've met him before, but he got to call you two months after your birthday, which is a big deal. He call, he, he, he happy birthday me two months late and call me by the wrong name. And, and I, again, I wasn't expecting anything outta this interaction.


So why do you keep mentioning It, By the way? This interaction? Why do you keep mentioning it? I didn't even know this interaction was gonna happen. I don't think you guys have disclosed that. I wasn't aware that this was, I Think it's clear, clear to everyone that you don't know what's happening at The time. Okay. Yeah. I walk, I walk into this room. I was told to spit in a d sit in a different spot than normal. Okay. So there was an agenda clearly. But I, I am fine with the way this interaction went. I think I, I think he understands now that there is an appreciation of his work. Yeah. On, on a very granular Level. And when asked if he would hang out with you, he said, fuck no. I I I don't need to hang out with him. Yeah. Well, I think he, You don't even have to worry about it. I Don't have to worry about it. I wasn't worried. You don't have to Reject a date that you've not invited, invited On. No, I was not worried about that. All Right. Well, listen, this has been our episode of The Conan and Jordan Show, featuring a guest appearance by Jordan's all time hero Geddy Lee.


We're gonna try and get this gentleman from General Hospital, Tristan Rogers. Tristan Rogers to be on soon. And you say you molded your personality around him. That is a sad, sad story about a sad little boy who your Pinocchio, who one day wished he would become real. And listen to him. Speak Real boy. Listen to him speak. Peace out. The Conan and Jordan Show with Conan O'Brien and Jordan Schlansky is produced by me, Frank Smiley, executive produced by Adam Sacks, Jeff Ross and Jim McClure, engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez.


Our supervising producer is Andrew Gru, talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Patista and Britt Kahn. The theme song is Tom Sawyer by Rush. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review Red on a future episode. Got a question for Conan and Jordan? Call the Team Coco hotline, (669) 587-2847 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. And If you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever find podcasts are downloaded. And be sure to subscribe and tune into Conan O'Brien Radio channel 1 0 4 on SiriusXM out.


Every sandwich has bread. Every burger has a bun. But these warm, golden, smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best, the philo fish. And you, you can have them too. And you can have it all at two for $6. Like a Philo fish, big Mac, 10 piece McNuggets or large fries. Limited time only. Price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offers. Single item at regular price. Bottom.