(6s):
A warrior mean means drive. Today's Tom saw Mean, mean Prize. Okay. Well if you're listening to the song Tom Sawyer, You know that you are enjoying The Conan and Jordan Show. This is a show you can't find it anywhere else. And so far I'm told people love this show. It's doing quite well. And it's growing. It's growing rapidly because people are fascinated with the relationship between Conan O'Brien and Jordan Schlansky. How long have we been shooting remotes and things together?

(46s):
Jordan, you've worked for me for how many years? Approximately 30 years. Okay. And we started shooting things, I dunno, like 20 years ago, maybe 15 To 20. Okay. I like that. You always give a range. It's really not completely relevant. I think it is. I am a long time educating, listen, I go anywhere in the world. I was just in Ireland shooting some stuff for Max used to be called HBO and then someone said, no, that name's too cool. Let's call it Max. So anyway, I was shooting something for them in Dublin and someone, people were coming up to me on the street and saying, where's Jordan? People all over the world know that you and I have this fraught relationship.

(1m 27s):
It lives online and now it lives on SiriusXM. And I couldn't be happier. Yeah, That's fascinating To me. International connection is, it's a great coming together of humanity from disparate cultures and communities. Yeah. And this technology that we find ourselves surrounded with allows this to happen. And really, it just allows for a deeper human connection. Yeah. Okay. Well if we could cut that, I would, but I don't know that we have the money to edit. I'm just gonna let it sit there. Just, Well, you brought, you brought up the subject so I just expand. Yeah. I brought it up. Oh, there's no need to expand. What If you had been sitting next to Lincoln when he gave the Gettysburg address four score and seven? I I, I'd just like to point out, of course, that four score and seven years ago, of course that's a, a shorthand.

(2m 12s):
He is referring to the Declaration of Independence. Yes. And, You know, and no, Lincoln didn't need someone to expand. He nailed It. Well, this is a radio show and I do have a microphone in front of me. So the implication is I'm supposed to speak, I spent half an hour trying to saw that microphone off at stand because I want do a radio show with you where you don't have a microphone. That's what I would like, Jordan, part of our appeal, if we can call it that, some of the fascination is that people can tell that my irritation with you is real. I see. Do You agree with that? I mean, there is not, Is not for me to assess. Well, It's not a bit is what I'm saying. There's no way I could invent this contentious relationship.

(2m 55s):
This is not wrestling. This is real. You are constantly getting under my skin. Mm. You and I have had many issues over the years for a long time. I didn't know what you did on the show. Okay. I'm just being kind. 'cause I still don't know. Right. Why you're working for me. And you've committed, I think some crimes. You know, you've purchased expensive equipment that you yourself used and you charged it to the show. You came in late for a while. You've traveled the world with me. You're a know-it-all. You've, I've caught you many times saying the wrong thing and you never backed down. And here we are after all these years, and I don't feel we've made any progress.

(3m 37s):
Do you think we're making progress? I didn't know we were attempting to make progress. What exactly was the assignment? I'd like us, I would like us to not fight all the time. Is that possible? Well, I mean, we're two men in an incredibly intimate situation. I think that we explore. What does That mean? You're bringing up a sexual connotation now In intimacy is not necessarily sexual, although often is you and I hang with me. Whenever I'm intimate with someone, it quickly becomes sexual. Well, you're intimate with me. Yeah. And I I'm afraid it's gonna get sexual very quickly. Okay. I'm already aroused. I'll be honest with you. Okay. I mean, nothing's happened down there in four years. So this is a huge, huge deal for me.

(4m 18s):
It's like a zombie waking up after a long sleep. Jordan, I would like to get along with you. Okay. Would you like the same thing? I think we do get along. What are you talking about? All we do is, I mean, we're two friends and I Don't think we're friends. I'm your boss. You have to stand up. Well, both of These things are, Are true barriers. Those are there are barriers. Well, they're not mutually exclusive concepts. We are friends. We Are friends. Yes. I pay you. Okay. And I wish you did as I told you to do. Okay. But In, yes. And and if that still means we're friends, then yes. And I dream of firing you. Okay. But we're still friends. Are you asking me about these things or are you just telling me that you disliked me for real?

(4m 59s):
And you dream about terminating my employment? Do You listen, I don know what kind of response you're looking for. Okay. Jordan, let me ask you something and be completely honest with the viewers. Okay? I do have people that say to me, oh, this must be some kind of bit, this must be some kind of thing that they work out. We have never worked anything out. That Is absolutely true. Well, I would like us. I'm in a stage in my life. God knows if I have much time left, I, and I would like to, I'd like to make progress. I'd like to make peace. And I, there are, I don't know, there might be 50 hours online of you and I bickering. Okay. That circulates the globe at all times.

(5m 40s):
And I would like to stop the cycle if I could. I would like you and I to get along and figure out what is it maybe I'm doing, but mostly what is it you are doing? Okay. Like me, maybe 10% you 90%. You're like the iceberg. I'm the Titanic. Really? You're the one that's at fault. You're the one that tore the side off my ship. And now all those women and children, men are gonna die. But anyway, again, you iceberg mostly your fault. You struck me. Ended up getting hurt in the process. It was dark, Right? It was dark right. It was very dark. There was no technology. Yes. But you knew it would be dark. It's not a surprise that it was dark.

(6m 21s):
Darkness happened. There's day and there's night. It was my, Hey, it was a maiden voyage my first time at sea. And I didn't know that the night came on So darkly in the North Atlantic, you fucking iceberg. You came along and you weren't lying. There you were. Of course everything floats and moves in a current, you came hurdling down from the north and you smashed into me. I was having a good time. Bowen Yang does a wonderful sketch on this where he's the iceberg and claiming it's not his fault. No. It was the iceberg. I disagree with Bowen Yang. I understand from an entitled perspective. You may think you can move through life without worrying about obstacles and just go where you please. But there are icebergs out there and you do need to navigate them like any other human.

(7m 2s):
Okay. My point is, you're large and inanimate, you're frozen to the touch. I'm a mesomorph. I'm medium. What's that? You're large. Why do you say I'm large? I'm tall. Why do you say I'm large? I'm a mesomorph. I'm very average. I'm medium. Okay. Moderate. I've never heard an iceberg speak. So, You know, insanely about their body type. I think icebergs float around and say I'm a mesomorph. No, they don't. What I was, the point I'm trying to make is that I have drifted through my career peacefully with little friction. I'm a high class operation, beautifully built ship. And then this lumpy piece of ice slammed into me and ruined everything.

(7m 43s):
So let's fix this. Are you ready to fix it? Okay, sure. I am. Now I'd like to introduce Frank Smiley. Hello. Who's the producer of The Conan and Jordan Show. I have to keep looking to make sure that that's actually the name. I'm glad my name is first. Right? Well, this is a very special episode because It feels special. Something's going on here. Right. And I, by the way, I don't know. I don't know what's going On because, And You know what I love? You never know what's going on. Yes. We're sitting in different positions. There's like a hubbub going on and I, I don't know why. Okay. Well I'll tell you why. Okay. Because today we have two guests. Okay. The Gottman's. Okay. Dr. Julie Schwartz Gottman and Dr. John Gottman. They are the co-founders of the Gottman Institute in Washington.

(8m 27s):
And they're here to help you. They, what they are is world renowned psychologists and they work on marriage stability and divorce predictions. And they're really good at this. They know how to deal with people who have conflicts. Yes. And they know how to help them with their conflicts. They also, I'll mention it now, probably mention it again as a plug. This has nothing to do with what we're doing, but it actually has everything to do with what we're doing. They have a book called Fight. Right? They have, they're such experts. They've written a book. It's all about how to fight correctly. And these are experts. I mean, these might be the two foremost authorities on fighting conflict resolution partners.

(9m 11s):
You and I are partners. Yeah. We didn't ask to be, but we've been thrust together into this situation. And I think there's a good chance The Gottman's. Do you agree, Frank? The Gottman's? If anyone can help us. It's the Gottman. It's the Gottman's for sure. So let's Bring 'em in. Let's bring 'em in. Okay. Oh, here they come. Here they come. Oh, hello there. Hello. How are you? Do I call you Julie? You do Call me Dr. Julie and Dr. Hey Jordan. Doctor, pleasure John. Yeah, I'd stand. But I met you already and my legs at work and That's enough. That's Enough. One standing for you guys was enough. Do I call you Dr.

(9m 51s):
Julie? Dr. John, what do you like John? Julie. Okay. Alright. Well, listen, let me start by saying I don't respect what we do in this studio. And so when people like yourselves who are real professionals take time in to come in and help us, it's, it's a blessing. Yes. It's really nice. And, And I'll say that I've never met you two before, but you have the heir of incredibly kind people. There's something, there's a vibe that you two have that makes me feel like I've known you for years. I did not get that. I did not get that. I saw them shoot kindness towards you. And what I received was a, a hostility and al and, and a mixed with indifference. Okay.

(10m 31s):
Let me start by saying thank you very much, doctors Gottman for being here. You really do know your stuff. And it's thrilling to be in the room with you because I'm sitting here with my friend Jordan. And I'd like to start by saying, how aware are you of my relationship with Jordan Slansky? Have you viewed any of the footage? Yeah, I have. We both have. Yeah. We have viewed the footage. We see the problems in the relationship. We saw that within about three and a half minutes. And it was obvious that both of you guys were uncomfortable. Really uncomfortable. Yeah. And it just kept getting worse.

(11m 11s):
Yeah. Yeah. So the first thing we wanna offer are these two pulse oximeters for you To put on. Wait a minute, what are you talking about? What are you talking about here? This, this gentleman just, John just held up two strange devices. I don't know if those are legal. I don't know if they're sexual in nature. They Won't shock you. Okay. They won't stimulate you. Oh. They record your heart rate. True. That's what I said to my wife on our wedding night. This will not shock you or stimulate you. Sorry. That's terrible. Oh, this is cool. Put it on. I've put this pulter on my pulse Oximeter is now putting it on. I'm sorry. Pulse oximeter. Right. And, and tell us what a pulse oximeter does.

(11m 52s):
So it's, it's looking at your blood. It's measuring heart rate and it's also measuring the percent of oxygen in your blood. Okay? Yep. And it's set at an alarm. And the alarm is If you percent oxygen goes below 95% or your heart rate goes above a hundred beats a minute. That's around when we start secreting our two stress hormones. Cortisol and adrenaline. Cortisol. So, oh, and adrenaline. There'll be, He's still going Beeps, but it, it gives an alarm again. I'm sorry, what? Why is yours Going Off, off right away?

(12m 31s):
Let's see the numbers. What are the numbers? 99 and one 30. Yep. What does That mean? One 30? It means, well, can I point out quickly? He is, we're not sure he's from earth. We don't know. He may have six Vulcan hearts. It's funny. He does look like he comes from earth. So what that means is that your heart rate is so high. Mm. That you're extremely uncomfortable. You're in a little bit of fight or flight. Wow. Right now, just right now. This, This is Fantastic. Sitting Hold this, hold Your hand. Fascinating up to them. Don't hide it. Yeah. Don't hide it. You are, you set off that alarm immediately and you're sitting in a chair. Look, I don't know how, if this has been calibrated, I can verify it.

(13m 12s):
Its accuracy. It Has. Okay. It has, it has. Okay. I accept That. You know what it tells us? Yeah. See, you guys have already had an interaction, right? Yeah. Yeah. You just had interaction and you sat, you took it in. It was critical. Mm. It put you down. You don might have to take that off. We should take that off for a second because I think v listeners listening right now will go insane. Okay. So take yours off just for a moment and for it to allow it to recalibrate. Yep. So basically when your heart rate goes over a hundred beats a minute, it means you feel attacked. Hmm. That's what it means. And your body is reacting as you would If you were facing a saber tooth tiger.

(13m 54s):
I see. Right. Heart rate goes up. So, You know what would be good to do, guys, is if we could just watch you for, You know, five minutes or something. Just talk about a problem you guys haven't solved. Whatever it is, we'll just watch and see where we might be able to shift things a little bit. I understand. Does that sound okay? That sounds fantastic. I'm watching, my heart rate is now 93. It's, it's plummeting. Oh good. Oh, that's good. It says here, I'm having a small stroke. I'm glad you guys laughed. So These are, these are evolutionary responses that's designed to protect us against a threat against a large prehistoric animal that may be attacking us.

(14m 39s):
Our body reacts in a way that will really ensure survival. Right. And my reaction to this animal is, is it to, in the end, to benefit my own survival, Jordan? Yes. Can I point out something? Yes. Human beings are pack animals. Yes. We need each other. We depend on each other. Yes. And in fact, we can't survive unless, right. Unless things keep going. Have, keep Going. It just keeps going off. We have connection and You know, it's interesting. Wait, Conan, Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Wait, Wait, wait, wait, wait. And the fact that this relationship is not a healthy connection. It's, it doesn't feel good to you.

(15m 21s):
And that's getting highlighted a little bit. Up goes the heart rate. Well, the Problem arises when it becomes non-adaptive, which means that it's a chronic elevation. I see. If it's there all the time, then it kind of spirals down. I understand. Yeah. And neither one of you then can really ask one another for what you really need. Right. And That's part of what we wanna help you do. Now Here's where it gets tricky because you said, I need to ask Jordan for what I really need, but what if what I really need is for him to shut up. Okay. So what you're saying is that that's not a personal need.

(16m 1s):
What that is is trying to control his interaction with you. Yes. That's what I wanna do. Okay. So flip it on its head. I'd love to, I'd love to flip him upside down. Okay. That's probably not something Jordan would really enjoy. Oh, I hadn't thought of that. And so, yeah. And so try saying how he could shine for you. What could he do right for you? Very good. You could work for someone else in a different profession. Maybe in a, I think in a different city. That's something that might make me happy. Okay.

(16m 41s):
So let's pause a minute. So what's it like for you when you hear him say that? Well, I don't feel like it accurately reflects my work performance. I think I bring value to my employment. I think I bring value to your life as a friend and compatriot. I think I'd like to think, I'd like to think that your life is of a better quality for having known me. Yeah. Maybe that is arrogant in some fashion, but I'd like to think we have a mutually respectful relationship. I certainly respect you. You're an extraordinary man. But Can I say something I'd like to just bring up, just for the record. Oh, I'm, I'm sorry.

(17m 22s):
What was it like for you to hear him say, I certainly respect you. Do you believe him? Did you guys watch the OJ trial? A little bit. Yeah. I see. I remember thinking, is that the parallel? Yeah. I think he's a murderer and I, I, I'm not sure I buy what he's selling. Do you respect me? Because, and, and I, here's what I'm gonna say. There's tons of footage of him criticizing my skin, the shape of my face. Mm. He sometimes more than implies that I've put on a little weight that I, he calls me, I think he's referred to me as the beast and the monster.

(18m 7s):
You Are presenting this information with no context. Now. Now let's, what is the Proper context for that? Let's be, let's be realistic. Okay. We've known each other for decades and we work in a very intimate environment. Many hours. We've been through tough times and Yeah. Good Times. Seen each other grow. Been there for each other through thick and thin. I've seen emotional damage. I've seen physical damage. I, what Are you talking about? Well, I've seen injury. I've seen you concussed. Yeah, that's true. Yes, true. I I've seen you in your lowest emotional state on your highest emotional state. Often within a one hour period. Yeah. And, and with that, I need to be medicated intimacy with that intimacy because we are human beings.

(18m 51s):
And this is not a robotic interaction. Only An alien keeps saying I'm a human being and not a robot. Most human beings just Take what I'm saying. There are gonna be ups and downs. Yes, of course. I respect you and I think you're a great man. Are you without injury to me? Have there been injurious experiences? Of course there have. Okay. And I accept that as part of the human experience. We can speak of them If you like. Jordan went into great detail once doctors about how he thought that I was in great shape. 'cause he reviews all the footage and then, wow, my monitor's going up now and then he said that there was a period of time, like a two year period where he thought I gained weight.

(19m 31s):
And I, he said, it sickened me to look at you during that period of time. Did you not say that? Well, listen again, we have to present proper context. Of course. I'm concerned about your health and your longevity, both from a practical financial standpoint and also a human relationship standpoint. If I see you partaking in unhealthy behavior, I'd like to think we're at a stage where I can mention it to you respectfully. You Said there were periods in the late night show when I, you thought I gained weight probably in the early 2000, 2002. Have you got the date? Yeah, it was, it started at the end of 2001. It was right after 2003. You know, What happened is, I, I got married and I was very happy after years and years of trying to find the right partner.

(20m 15s):
I gave up and married this woman. No kidding. I I, I found my wife very happy and we, she was cooking me all this great food and, and yeah, I probably put on a little weight. My face got a little round. I started to resemble Ted Kennedy in the late eighties and Whoa. Yeah. And, and Jordan was quite, I see it now. You, you have to take that thing off. It's just going crazy. You're like a, it's like, it's like a, a smoke alarm in the towering inferno. You just need to take it off. But, but he, I see now because of your help that you were in a, as a friend, I think rather than just having, making fun of me, you were telling me as a friend something that no one else Jeff Ross isn't gonna say you gained a little weight.

(21m 7s):
Paula Davis isn't gonna say that. They're all yes people, You know, they just, whatever's good, You know. But you, you were trying to tell me the truth. Do you respect that? I do. Yeah. So you really appreciate that honesty. I wish you hadn't said the word grotesque, I think. And he called me the beast. Oh yeah. And the monster. That's a bad way to express. I see concern. Thank you, John. I can't confirm that I use that word, but I, I have no reason to doubt you. Oh, I Stuck in my mind quite clearly. When I called you the beast, was I referring to your physical condition or was I referring to maybe an emotional attack that you performed on me?

(21m 49s):
I performed. Okay. So pause for a minute. Yes. Yes. Pause for a minute. Yes, Doctor. Okay. So what I see is you guys slinging insults back and forth, back and forth, back and forth. There was one little piece of appreciation from you. One from you, you appreciated his honesty. You said you respected him. Yep. So how does it feel to hear appreciation versus insult and be honest about it. How does it actually feel? Do you take it in when you hear that appreciation? Well, I'm gonna speak purely as a professional. It's not as funny when we're being really mean to each other.

(22m 32s):
People are laughing. Right? Yeah. Right. When I am hearing Jordan and appreciating him, and he's telling me, he respects me, I just see an empty audience and I panic. You Know, I'm not sure that's true because people love you and when they see You, there's no, there's actually, there's no data on that. Yeah. I think there's a lot of data on That. Well, I've, we've looked for How many followers do you guys have? I don't even know anymore. Well, If you prefer to speak about injurious behavior, we can, you've clearly brought up something that bothers you. This comment that I allegedly made, and I think this is important to review some of the more toxic areas.

(23m 13s):
Okay. I I'm gonna say that you, you, you have made fun of the way. I sometimes don't get all the hairs on my neck shaved. So, Yeah. You know, I'm noticing right now on the right corner of your mouth. How does, I just wanna, I'm curious, above all, scientifically speaking, you two are doctors. Doctor comes from the Latin dore or in the ecclesiastical pronunciation. Docere it actually means to teach, which is perfectly suited to YouTube. Right. I'm just curious, scientifically, how does it happen? Like you have a mirror how you're shaving. How do you miss such large chunks of hair on the corners of your mouth? It, and I'm not trying to insult you. I know, know, conventionally speaking, it sounds like I am. Right. I'm really, as a scientist, how does that happen? That's, I'm just very curious.

(23m 54s):
I do things quickly. I am always in a rush. Very type a I take quick swipes with the razor. Also, I now predominantly, You know, work in radio. The, the, the lenses here aren't that exact. My wife, You know, doesn't get to see me up close too much. She's grown very distant. That's not true. I just threw it in there to see if I could peak your attention. But I don't think she's getting a good look at my face anymore. She saw it. She liked it in, You know, 1999. It was enough. It was enough. Thank you. Thank you, John.

(24m 34s):
It was, it was more than enough. And so that's why I you, he is very much into manscaping. He Likes to Stop, Stop. Don't describe him. Describe you. So you were doing a beautiful job. Perfect, perfect, perfect answer. You didn't go defensive, you didn't go counter attacking you described you. And that is really, really, really important in terms of having a decent relationship. You don't describe the other person. I see. Because every time you guys do, for the most part, it turns into either criticism or contempt.

(25m 15s):
And contempt is sulfuric acid for a relationship. It's when you're criticizing from on high, being superior fails. What else is it Not only that for contempt, but it also predicts how many infectious illnesses the listener is gonna have like in the next four years. The times of contempt in 15 minutes. Are you saying that I could make Jordan sick? Yes. By putting him down. Yes. Well, this is fantastic. Thank you. You giving you a weapon you just handed.

(25m 57s):
Yes. You Just, you are such a rascal. Well, I am. That's the nicest, that's the nicest way to put it. Well, the problem is that the person who's contemptuous that person's immune system also degrades right. Over time. Right. It's not just a So by holding contempt for Jordan, I'm also damaging my own immune system. That's right. I'm lowering its ability to fight infection. That's right. So this is, this is, I mean, it's Self-defeating. Can I, This is bad for both of us. Jordan, Can I respectfully ask? Yeah. Which I think is constructive. If I notice large patches of unshaved hair on your face, would you prefer if I remain silent and don't bring it to your attention?

(26m 37s):
Like If you walk in and you just have a huge patch of hair, maybe on your head, Adam's apple, for example, you prefer that I note it internally. Well, First of all, You're implying that that remains silent. You're Implying that the hair has grown out so Much. I'm not asking, I'm just simply asking you, you're Implying the hair has grown out so much I could braid It. I have seen, I have, I have seen such, such wild growth and, and in a very specific area. I am, can I just say one Thing? High profile area? I am a, I am a very masculine man and I'm, I I know you're gonna stop me in a second and say this isn't relevant, Conan, but I would like to say in my own defense, I am, if for a man my age, I think pulsating with testosterone, I pump out a lot of facial hair very quickly.

(27m 22s):
I think sometimes that's not my fault. And for you to attack me for being one of the most masculine men, You know, is I think probably unfair. Okay. He wants you to be quiet about it. Okay. I will be quiet. I will note it to myself. I will not mention it to anyone else. Nor nor you. Well You also tend to mention it when there are cameras and microphones around. Wouldn't it be fair to approach me quietly and say, Conan, you have a long tough, it looks like a ponytail. Yeah. Coming out of four pores to the right of your Adam's apple. And I'll, I will take care. I'll seek out the proper authority. So you prefer I pull you aside maybe before taping. Look at him. He Can't handle it and bring, he can't handle and bring to your attention, your, your errors, your shaving errors in private.

(28m 9s):
Okay, pause. Yes, put down. Oh, okay. Okay. So shaving Errors, I mean it's, well, I don't assume his intention was to miss the hair. So I consider it an objective analysis. Can You read his mind? I cannot. He may have intentionally wanted to leave that disgusting tough of hair. Honestly, that example You don't know, right? Yeah. I don know. And why does it matter to you? Do you care? Why does it matter to you? What Do you care? Certainly doesn't matter. But I think when there's an elephant in the room, when a man walks in who's 95% shaved and there's just hair jetting out of his cheek, I, I just think it's worth mentioning. It's our, it it's, I don't mean any insult, I don't mean any insult.

(28m 51s):
It's, it's a easily fixable, it's not a slight on your car. We all make mistakes. I make mistakes. They're not related to large tufts of hair on my face. But, but I just think that it's, as human beings, we have to acknowledge something so painfully obvious that would somehow miss with all your technology mirrors you have lighting in your bathroom. But I, I'll do as you say and pull you aside and let You know. I Love that you refer to light and the mirror as technology. Jordan, my personal appearance is one of the things that we have trouble with.

(29m 34s):
Okay. Another thing that we have difficulty with is that Jordan loves to expand as he did on the phrase doctors. I find that insulting because you're both doctors, you're both highly educated, you're very successful, highly intelligent people. And then this guy is telling you the Latin root and what it comes from and what it means everywhere we go. He, I love it. Me too. You like It? Yeah. We're always learning. He taught us something. Here's the one thing I'm gonna say, Julie. Okay. If it's okay, he's often wrong. The information he told you, I would look it up because there's a 75% chance he's wrong.

(30m 16s):
He has held forth and expounded on where Karate Kid two was filmed wrong. You know, the origins of pizza, what you're allowed to drink with pizza. He said, I you don't drink wine with pizza if you're doing it correctly. We were, he was corrected, You know, in Italy by the people making the pizza that yes, you drink wine with pizza. He's constantly, you are wrong. These are your insults that I didn't know where the karate kid two was filmed. Oh man. That was humiliating. Right. And Ralph Macho, who played the karate Kid? Ralph Macchio. It's Mao In fact, the ch makes a hard C sounds like Pinocchio. Okay. Pause, pause, pause, pause. So when you correct him, that's contempt.

(30m 58s):
I See, I know more than you do. Let me tell you how it's right. Yes. Right. I, I imagine a, a world thank you where one can share information, where human beings can increase their collective intellect by sharing information. I've learned some things. You've learned some things. You tell me what You know, I'll tell you what I know. So, so you may not, You know that the ch is pronounced with the hearts again. And that's understandable. I wouldn't expect it to Italian's not your first language, but Oh, unlike you. And you certainly know things that I don't know, presidential history, for example. And we can share with each other and we can both come out smarter and and more knowledgeable for it.

(31m 39s):
I don't see the contempt. Can I? Yes. Can I point out something? Yes. You only wanna share knowledge when the other person wants to hear it. If you share it when the other person is talking about something else and you correct their grammar or you correct their pronunciation, you're interrupting what they're trying to say and being superior because You know better and commenting on it. And when he does that, what do you feel? Well, I'm gonna point out something because I'm still wearing my monitor. 'cause it hasn't been beeping at all. Yours has exploded. And blue foam is coming out of it. Every time it gets near you, it does not recognize you as a person.

(32m 22s):
Mine, during his whole rant when he was yelling at me, went down to below 90 to 89. Interesting. My heart rate. I think I have so little regard for his opinion that it's almost like he's a hat rack to me. Like I, You know, know, I, I don't, I don't, I I'm, I'm not saying this is correct. I know what I'm saying is terrible. And these are the confessions of probably a, a Ted Bundy hours before his death. But I, my heart rate went down when you were yammering and jabbering because I thought I was just looking at a chimp in the zoo, You know? And, and so I was calmed and pleased. Okay, pause. Now if you're gonna try and say chimp in the zoo is an insult.

(33m 3s):
I, I think you're way off base. And I think, and I know that John's with me on this one. Are You dear? Well, I was thinking of this couple where the husband got very upset and said to his wife, Joyce, do you think you're better than me? And he said, she said, better than I. Mm. Oh yes. Very Good. My wife would do that. Okay. My wife would do that. 'cause she's very grammatically correct all the time. Right. So that's information, but in the context. Yeah. It comes off as content. Know It all contemp. So you would prefer respectfully, if I may ask, so I know how to act going forward. We're we're Not in a courtroom. Yeah. You would prefer, if I do not correct your mispronunciations, allow you to speak with your customary authority even when I know that you are making errors or maybe pull you aside right before the taping and tell you, Let me tell Julie and John one thing, which is that we were recently in Bueno Aires together.

(34m 2s):
It wasn't for work, it was a romantic getaway. And he kept referring to the famous dance, the tango as the tango now. And he got in my face and said, it's called the tango. Everybody in Argentina backed me up and said, no, we call it the tango. And he went, please it's the tango. No, it's not the tango. So it's not that your whole premise is wrong, that you have the correct information. And isn't it kind of you to share it with me? You're you're wrong. You're just wrong all the time. Well, I, I let him finish. I did not interrupt him. Even though my instinct was to say immediately that is incorrect.

(34m 44s):
It is the tango you see in Spanish and Spanish speaking countries known as Hispanic, which differs from Latin American in the sense that Latin American refers to only Latin American countries. Hispanic. It's any country that speaks Spanish, the A is almost always pronounced. Ah. So does this feel like the kind of relationship you wanna have? No, no. I would, and this is one of the questions I wanted to ask you is, is there a part in your book where you actually say, it's okay for me to start hitting Jordan? Is it, is physical violence probably usually discouraged, right?

(35m 24s):
Probably so, yeah. What if I hired someone to do it? How about if I don't get my hands dirty? How about, okay, If you just say to him, please don't put me down, Jordan. Yeah. Please don't put me down. Okay. I groom quickly. I I don't take the great care that you take with your groomings. I don't have all of the equipment you have or the oils or the bombs or the waxes. Careful. You're right. I have to tell you, you're right. I was starting to get into judgment. Yes, you were. Yes I was. And You know what? I appreciate that. I did not feel insulted. Not yet, not yet. He was going there. Oh yes. Trust me.

(36m 5s):
I was cranking up the catapult into it full. Oh yeah. Pulling it back. I was pulling it way back. And then I was gonna hurl a giant boulder at your castle and destroy it. You're wearing like a wizards hat. You're up in a tower. Too much information. My point is that I, I groom quickly and I don't often take the same care that you take because you are very fastidious. He's very fastidious about his grooming. And I'm not putting him down. But he has all kinds of products. He mostly for grooming. He has other products for various other practices of his, which I find immoral. But that's his thing. And I'm not gonna judge it. It's whatever sexual stuff he's into.

(36m 47s):
But my point is, I don't take the same care you do. I don't have the same standard of beauty, the same canon of beauty that you have. So I just have to say, when you constantly point these things out to me, I feel less than I feel. I get into a defensive crouch. I think I grew up in an environment, I've talked about this a lot, but I come from a very large Irish Catholic family. The son of very, very intelligent, educated people. And yet for some reason we fought like, like animals.

(37m 28s):
We threw potatoes at each other. We really did. My mother, I saw my mother throw a potato at the, at at all of us once. It's the only thing we had around. We just had so many goddamn potatoes. And we've been in the country for a while and they're very well educated people, but they brought the country with them. And my point is that I often felt attacked and I learned growing up, sarcasm, passive aggression, my verbal judo chops would be the way that I would get through life. And then along comes this big block of wood that's just perfectly made for a judo chop. Do You know, I mean, you've seen the karate, karate, sorry, Jordan masters chop a board in half.

(38m 10s):
Right? Verbally, my whole emotional reaction to things in life is, is a judo chop attack before you can be attacked. And then in comes this inanimate large block of wood block, just a block. Just a giant block of wood. And that's what he is. He's, it's not like, You know, try having a conversation with a block of wood. You know what I'm saying? So and so I just chop away and that's what I do to you Jordan. And it's probably not always fair. Conan, can I point out something? So I really appreciate you sharing that history, that history is really helpful. It lets us know that for one thing, growing up in a family where you're always being attacked, you've gotta survive.

(38m 57s):
Right? And how do you survive? You create defenses. Yes. And your defense is to counter attack. But the problem with a defense like that, You know, it's a shield in front of you. Yeah. To kind of hide yourself so You don't get shamed. Is that you're also blocking out the positive. I see that comes from him. The respect, the care that may be in there. And are We certain it's in there? I think so. You think there's some caring in there? I mean, I Think there's a lot of care. John, you think There's some care is A lot. Can we? Well, he wants it. You know what he wants? He wants his paycheck. I mean, I know that sounds crass, but I am his employer. We aren't husband and wife yet. Conan how many decades have you been together?

(39m 38s):
What has it been? 23, 2, 3 decades. Three decades. Three decades. Yeah. Well, That be three decades. Okay. So my guess is that If you really, really wanted to, you could work elsewhere. But you don't want to. He did. Look, you wanna keep he looked for work. Okay. He's unemployable. No, no, seriously. And you told me that because of your actions that are out on the web, you are seen as unemployable. Yes. There have been. Why don't you get back to your point, Julie. I'm sorry. I'm very sorry. That's right. I, i, You know what I did? I, I went again on the attack. That's, and again, the old judo chop. That's right. And that's, I apologize, doctor, that's Please go ahead and John, you were right to stop me. I was, Well I was, I was thinking about how can I finish? Sure. Yeah. Go ahead.

(40m 18s):
You finish. I won't interrupt you, you guys Okay, go ahead. Yeah, Yeah. We're great. Okay. So when you, when you are hitting at him, he of course blocks you. But when you say, look, I really respect you, and you meant that seriously, I could tell it wasn't made up. Boom. You push it back off it goes. Doesn't go inside. Just bounces off. I'm Terrible at taking a Compliment. I saw that. I'm very, why, why, why, why? Oh, I don't, it feels good to have those compliments, Conan. I don't let any of those in. Oh No.

(40m 58s):
That is sad. Because those compliments could probably do a lot to heal all that shame inside fear, inside feeling attacked. Always. If you let in, let me Ask compliments. Let both of you, lemme ask both of you. I would like you to give your assessment. And this may be selfish to take Jordan outta the equation, but assess me. You've watched a lot of tape, probably against your will, but you had to, 'cause you were coming on here wrong. Do you see a damaged man? And I'm gonna want, I wanna start with you John. I wanna make sure you get your No, I, I don't. In fact, I I was, I was really moved by your story of how when you were at Harvard and you went along with your friend to the, to the Harvard Lampoon, you really found yourself.

(41m 48s):
I did. You really found, You know, humor as a way of really expressing who you are. And I think I'm, I, I, I disagree. I think I'm very badly damaged. A madman maybe. But I do think humor saved me from actually committing crimes, You know? Yeah. Understand from going on the loose and leaving a trail from, But it, but sometimes it's like the shield that Julie was just talking about. Sometimes humor itself is like a shield. I mean, it's a wonderful gift, obviously, You know, and it, and it's a great talent you have with humor, but sometimes it also blocks out the love. That's right. That was Point. That's French has that is very palpable.

(42m 31s):
We both feel that love. And you feel that love is coming from Jordan, but I'm blocking it with humor. That's right. Right. And put downs. Yeah. And put downs. It's that counter attack. I think one of the other things is that what makes this show so important to people around all around the world is that they feel the love and they see the hostility and put downs. They see both at the same time. And it's a very powerful thing because here you are having all this love for one another and yet pushing each other away and then coming back together and pushing each other away. So it's a very powerful dynamic.

(43m 11s):
And the humor is really fun. Is, This is amazing. I've never thought of it that way. I'd like to think that we represent the human condition with all of its ups and downs. Oh my God. You, you said this speech, speech earlier before they came In. I may find this realistic approach to life endearing. And they may enjoy watching for that reason. I'm sorry, I've hurt you with my Misinformation With my, He's Objectively he was wrong about where they shot Karate kid two objectively wrong. Kona. They Shot it in Los Angeles, Kona. No, they didn't shoot in Los Angeles. They shot in Hawaii. Whole head. Oh, Hawaii. Yeah. But you didn't Say Hawaii, did you? I just said Hawaii. Now see, I've learned, I've improved, I've improved myself.

(43m 51s):
I'm sorry I've improved myself. Conan, I'm open to improvement. There's certain things. Conan. Yes. Stop. Stop. He's apologizing. He and you're interrupting. Stop, stop, stop. He's apologizing to you. He is trying to repair some injury. He caused you, did you take it in? No, because I, I still remembered him being wrong. Okay. It came back. Is that more important? It's a train coming at me. Is that more important than him trying to repair the damage he's done? You're right. Yes. You see my intentions were never evil. Just as I know your intentions were never evil.

(44m 31s):
When you've committed injury against me in the past, when have I committed injury against you? Well, it's interesting that you ask because we spent the first hour talking about the ways i's damaged you by answering questions, by let Him run just a little bit. Okay, let's hear this. Alright. And don't go ahead. Now again, I wanna preface this by saying, I expect when you're talking about decades of intimate relationships, that there are going to be inadvertent slights to the other person. Okay? The year was 1999, May, 1999, and the world had not seen a new Star Wars movie release in 16 years. And at the time the Star Wars franchise was pristine.

(45m 12s):
You have to understand, put yourself back then. And they announced that a new Star Wars film would be coming out in May, 1999. And I was a big fan, You know, my brothers were as well. And I decided to pull out all the stops and get tickets to an advanced screening of this movie a week before the public would see this. Now you may think media screenings are all civilized, but when it comes to Star Wars, people still line up three hours before. So my brother came into New York City on the train, he spent hours, we got there maybe four hours in advance and we just sat on the sidewalk together waiting for this momentous occasion. And we were one of the first ones in the theater. And, and we sat right in the center. We, we judged how many rows were there.

(45m 54s):
We wanted the full surround sound experience. We wanted to get lost in it. And of course the theater filled up. And I was thinking, any fool that walks in now is gonna be like in the back corner. And I was envisioning the magic of that moment after it says a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away before the John Williams score. Do you guys Have anywhere to go? Are you I was in, I was envisioning it bringing me back to my childhood. I wanted to relive what it was like to be an innocent child with my brother. Okay. So about two minutes before the movie starts, I hear some commotion behind me. And this guy stumbles in with this like brainy NPR type woman with, with him. And they, excuse me, excuse me. Some woman is escorting them 'cause they're like elite.

(46m 36s):
And there just happened to have been, I guess someone left or something. Two seats right behind me in the center. I I had been there for five hours. This guy stumbles in, had to wait. He's like tripping. He's like tripping over people. So he sits Down also. I didn't stumble. I wasn't drinking. Yeah. I didn't stumble. No, you had to, you kicked people, You know, you were like one of those people inadvertently, You know, you tripped over people. So now you're sitting behind me and you start like gabbing to me and already, already, I, I don't wanna talk to anybody. I just wanna get lost in this moment. Okay? So the lights go down and the 20th century Fox logo comes up and I'm thinking to myself, this is it after 16 years, this is it. And that's silence comes right after that fanfare, before the flourishing music.

(47m 20s):
And this guy leans forwards and starts cracking jokes. This guy makes it all about him. He takes me completely outta the moment. He starts dabbing in the middle of the movie theater. And and comp for you just needed that laugh. You had to take that moment not knowing the history of what I went through to get that laugh. And You know, he is sitting there chuckling and, and forever you've taken that moment away from me. Now I know that it was not intentional. He may not have had respect for the situation and most people know that they're not supposed to speak in a movie theater. Especially something of that magnitude. I knew those sequels wouldn't be good. And I think I communicated to him my interest and what was happening and my disregard for anything that he may have had to say.

(48m 1s):
Will you admit now that those movies were not great? Yes. In retrospect they knew. Okay. They were not necessarily as good as the first. So if Jordan and I, let's say in another universe, 'cause I don't think it's gonna happen in this lifetime, but let's say we got along, people wouldn't be fascinated. It's because they see us taking chunks out of each other that it becomes, It's a wrestling match. It's a wrestling match. Yeah. A very strong wrestler against a very well, well bodily shaved wrestler, but one that's very, very weak and has bad information. Careful, You're right. That could have almost become an insult. Tell you what, tell you what. Terrible almost. Huh? How about, how about if John and I role play great.

(48m 44s):
A totally different kind of conversation. Okay. Okay. And are you gonna be us in this conversation? Mm, We're gonna be you Slightly improved in terms of communication, Idealized communication. Versions Of us. Idealized versions of us. Okay. Yeah. And an idealized version of me is apparently me. What what Communication. So who's, who's Conan and who's Jordan? Yeah. It doesn't matter. Okay. It's just what's between us. Got it. That matters. Right? So do you wanna take the beard patch? Should we do the Sure. If I'm gonna be honest, there's a lot about you that annoys me. Okay. What is it that I'm doing that annoys you? Okay. So when you go on about Italy and wines and all the things, You know, it makes me feel insulted.

(49m 36s):
Like, wow, You know, like my father was a microbiologist. My mother was a a, a great lawyer. This is scary. He's being me. You know, he's being me right now. You know, I, You know, I felt put down at the table all the time at dinner, at the dinner table, really? And when, so when you expound my, You know, my father's learned man, You know, and how could I, You know, match him. So I kind of feel that way when you go on about wines or how things are pronounced in ancient Greece. You know what? I did not know that, that felt insulting to you. What would make it better for you?

(50m 19s):
Maybe ask me if I want to hear what you have to say. There is a plan that would be good. Okay. If you want feedback maybe or something. Like, If you want How should I ask? If you wanna expound about something, ask me if I want to hear it. Okay. And if I want to hear it, then You know. Great. Okay. Okay. Sounds like though, if I'm seeing something, for example, a patch of beard that you haven't shaved, okay. Yeah. And it kind of grates me just a little bit. So should I point out I hate authority So when I point that out, I feel like an authority to you?

(51m 3s):
Yeah. Which authority? Who would say that? My father. My Father. The great microbiologist. Oh, no. So I remind you of your father. Oh my god, that's terrible. Once threw a cyclotron at me. Go Getter. Wow. No, I really appreciate who close the psycho trade. You're saying that, that that's really great. I don't wanna be like your father. I really don't. Okay. Because I know appreciate that on some level you hate your father. What? I don't hate my father. I love my father. My father's a great guy And I respect him.

(51m 44s):
I love him. He threw those test tubes at me for a reason. I was acting up. This is on me. It wasn't my dad. I was way outta line. Dad. I'm sorry. I think we should try it right now. Oh yeah. So Jordan, why don't you try and talk to me the same way that these tubes, okay, Let's try. Yes, I am sorry If I have reminded you of your father, I'm sorry if I have brought you back to painful moments in your childhood when I've told you how to pronounce Ralph Mao's name. It's macho. No, it's Mao. I am sorry if some of my information sharing has been offensive. I certainly didn't mean it that way. And incorrect.

(52m 26s):
Just to admit, I may have made mistakes like any other human being. I don't know. That's a reason to discount my entire credibility. No. Going forward, I will make an attempt. If I notice a large patch of hair on your face that you miss shaving, I will make an attempt to tell you privately Thank you. As per your request. Thank you. Also, I will ask you if I have something to share that's relevant to what we're speaking about. Some facts, Latin origins of words or other etymology. I will ask you first. Do you want to hear what have To say? I don I don't want to ever Well, It'll depends on the context. No, it doesn't. I'd never want to hear that stuff ever. If you Pronounce Take it in Jordan. Jordan, take it in. I never want to hear it. Oh, you never want To hear it.

(53m 6s):
I never want to hear it. I should Not even ask. Exactly. I see. Yeah. I There's no like, well, it depends on the moment. All this information I have just goes to waste. Yeah. It mostly, it's, it's mostly shit. It's not good. And I'm sorry, listen, I'm sorry that seemed harsh. Julie. I'm sorry. It's not factually correct. Most of it. And I think, think you're just shooting from the hip. So no, I don't need to hear it. I can always, and, and trust me, I have, there are phones. You can look up everything you need to know right now and, and it will tell me. Well, Sometimes you don't know what you don't know, right, Jordan? Yes. Let me ask you something. Yes. Why is it so important to you to correct Conan? What's that about? Thank you. That's a, that is a very valid question.

(53m 48s):
You see, I don't honestly don't look at it as correcting. I look at it as sharing information. Let's come out of this Uhuh, let's come out of this as enhanced human beings. Jordan. Yes. What you're doing is saying, Conan, you're wrong. I'm right. And it becomes a win-lose thing. He has to lose you. Get to win. Yeah. Does that, is that fulfilling to you? Does that bring you emotionally closer to him? I'd like to think that over time we have built up a foundation of love and understanding to the point where we can exchange information and not have it necessarily interpreted as hostile.

(54m 28s):
But that's not how he thinks about it. Yeah, right. It's not a sharing of information. It's not I see your face and I just wanna smash it. I've learned, I've learned today, I've learned that you're in pain. And now I, I understand why and, and I, I will envision you as a helpless child competing with other siblings, Jordan and your father's profile job. Careful, careful envision. You careful it. I'll envision you Jordan, doubting your own self-worth. Dare the contemp. Yes. Well, this way I understand his, his pain and his vulnerabilities, his weakness, If you will. You really? Yes. Can you actually express empathy for him rather than, do You know what Empathy is? Yes. Evangelizing Him.

(55m 9s):
Him, yes. Don't infantalize Him. I, I can imagine. I'm, I put myself in his situation. Okay. He's got a lot of siblings now. Now look at his father. This is also a different, One thing I wanna clear up one thing, just so there's no love. My dad. Yes. Dad. Not the problem. Not the issue. Let's talk my, my brother Neil, man. And Neil, if you're listening, and I know he's a, he is a listener. He used to, he was older than me and he would sit on top of me and I couldn't move. And he would laugh and yeah, he would laugh That some would say that that's a healthy sibling interaction. He Did it two years ago when I visited. Yes. You know, and You know, I, I had to call the police, Neil, if you're listening that really got my goat, my father, great man, great man, and very lovely and a sweet man.

(55m 53s):
Have some issues. Everyone has issues with their father and their mother. Of course they do. Okay, but listen, I won't have my father slandered on this show. Never again. No, no, I'm not, I I don't intend to slander your father nor any O'Brien's, Neil, Justin, Kate, Jane, any of them. Hey, You know Them all. They're good at predicting whether a relationship is going to last. What are your predictions, John? Well, one of the things that I think needs to happen in this relationship is for you guys to recognize how indispensable you've been to one another these almost 30 years. Yeah. And that you're not replaceable. Can I just point out, I think I'm not replaceable. Mm. You know, sort of a, a once in a hundred year talent, like a Haley's come, If you will, in comedy, I think It's 76 years.

(56m 40s):
Haley's. Oh, excuse me. I have information about Hailey's comment. Would you like to hear it? And my point is, I, I think of you as, You know, a an Ikea trundle bed. You know that, okay, this one broke. I'll get another one. Right, Right. You ask for a prediction, you're never gonna fire him. Wow. And that's because this has been going on. Yeah. For three decades. Yes. If you were gonna fire him, you would've fired him 25 years ago. I actually think I did, but he just kept showing up. He didn't notice it. Yeah, He didn't notice it. And then he, he controls the paperwork, so he probably just gave himself a raise.

(57m 21s):
So lemme never seen it. Lemme say one other thing, may I, in terms of prediction? Sure. So you guys bicker and banter back and forth. Lots of criticism, lots of contempt. Nobody's being vulnerable. You're not Jordan, you're not right either. But the rewards for not being serious and vulnerable are too big for you guys to want to change the relationship, the rewards of success, of money, of followers. Yes. And I mean, and and to be fair, especially with the money part, that's mostly goes to me like it's, I I, I am, You know, this is just another thing.

(58m 1s):
I don't know that you see a lot of money from this. No, no, I don't. But I, You know, I mean, I haven't seen your house, but mine's just, it's insane. But we're not equal. Of course, you are superior and I am inferior. As 11 of your houses would go into my house. And we might do that as a bit. You know what I would love for you guys, I would love to hear someday on your show. You know what, Conan is really brilliant. Yeah. Jordan is really brilliant too. Wouldn't that be amazing? Well, Yes. I'd love to, In Lieu of that, have copy of Our book. Thank you very much. That's right. No way. Thank you.

(58m 40s):
Is that the right one? Yes, it's, it is, It Is. Thank you so much. I was told this was an erotic novel. What's going on? This is actually, I want to thank you very much and my eternal thanks to the Gottman's for Being here. Yes. Their book is called Fight. Right? How Successful Couples Turn Conflict Into Connection. It's available tonight. Beautiful cover. Thank you Frank. Beautiful cover. And, and our, our job Jordan, we're both gonna read this book and, and I would actually like to hit you with this, so that might be the way that I use it, but thank you both. No, that's Neil. Oh, you wanna hit Neil? Well, he's really strong. He might hit back.

(59m 21s):
I want to thank you both very much. This was, you both are all joking aside, very good at what you do. Oh, it's been a pleasure. We just may be a lost cause, but thank you. Thank you, thank you so much. You so much. And that's been this very just fascinating for me episode of The Conan and Jordan Show. And thank you for tuning in and we'll see you next time. The Conan and Jordan Show with Conan O'Brien and Jordan Schlansky is produced by me, Frank Smiley, executive, produced by Adam Sachs, Jeff Ross, and Jim McClure, engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez.

(1h 0m 12s):
Our supervising producer is Andrew gru, talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Patista and Brit Conn. The theme song is Tom Sawyer by Rush. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan and Jordan. Call the Team, Coco hotline, (669) 587-2847 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. And If you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend wherever. Find podcasts are downloaded. And be sure to subscribe and tune into Conan O'Brien Radio channel 1 0 4 on SiriusXM.