
I am so good at board games. Have you ever played a board game with me? I haven't, but I feel like, oh, I just destroy it. You probably get really competitive. I do. And if I start to lose, I flip the board over. That's why I have an unbreak broken streak. I just always win because I just throw the board over, flip it over and say, get outta my house. Okay. That's mature. Well, yeah. So way to always win or never lose. Well,


If you wanna save time and win faster, you should do it with monopoly expansions. There are three new ways to shorten classic monopoly. Attach to any classic monopoly board, old or new to add a twist and win fast. This is it. Everything's happening faster. Now. They've sped up monopoly. Hey, monopoly does take some time. Yeah, I know. If you don't have time at did not anymore. Yeah. Basing piles of money and free parking be granted permission to cheat and steal and go to jail. Good Lord. Societal structures are collapsing. You can even experience the thrill of owning it all, including the bank in buy everything. What? Yep. We're teaching people good value. Shorten the game with monopoly expansions. All three packs are available to purchase now@amazon.com. Monopoly is a trademark of Hasbro.


Sure. We got Blue jeans, baseball, bald eagles. But come on, there's really nothing as American as the burger, right? Mm. And there's nothing more burger than the Sonic Smasher. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, this thing is made to order. Hand smashed Angus beef patties seared to perfection with those incredible crispy edges that make you want to start a slow clap. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. That kind of slow clap where you're like, yeah. Sonic, you brought the Sonic Smasher. Then there's the layered melted cheese, crinkle cut pickles and onions too. On top of it. All on my mind splitting. Try the Sonic Smasher a double, or why not? God forgive us all A triple. Make the Sonic Smasher your next new favorite burger Le Free Eat Sonic.


Okay. If you hear that song, it means you're listening to The Conan and Jordan Show, or just randomly playing with the knobs on your radio. I am Conan O'Brien, and I am sitting here with Jordan Schlansky hi. Who has been in my employ for many, many years as an associate producer. Never quite figured out what he does for me. But we've had a lot of adventures together. Yes. People often ask me about you. Oh, people say, how's Jordan doing? And then they also want to know what's the deal with that guy? And so you're a regular part of my life. You come up a lot. That's flattering.


Yeah. Yeah. And not so flattering the way they ask it. But the point is, we're we're, we're shackled together. Mm. There's a great, for better or Worse, we didn't choose this life. But nevertheless, here we find, find ourselves. Yes. And right now, we're very well said. Yeah. And I do enjoy doing these shows with you. I like spending time with you. Short amounts of time that are controlled. You know, you get on my nerves sometimes and I'm told I get on your nerves. Well, I think with any intimate relationship, there are gonna be ups and downs. We've Never been intimate. I believe we're intimate right now. Oh, well, your definition of intimate and mine is quite different.


Maybe it is. Yeah. I think We've certainly been intimate. No, not, you cannot deny that you and I have been in intimate situations. I don't Think so. I There's always a camera present and a sound crew. And No, I don't think we've been in intimate situations. It's not always we, you and I are friends. We've hung Out. I have not. No, I am not. We are not friends. You and I have socialized with no cameras present. When on multiple times when there have been numerous occasions where you and I have socialized one name, one, I'm not here to enumerate things that should be self-evident to a man that was there for these experiences. You and I are friends like it or not You.


It doesn't work that way, Jordan. You can't yell at someone. You're my friend. You're my friend. Well, I'm just stating a fact. I this is not Well, I asked You, I asked you to give me, This is not hopeful, by the way. I, I'd be okay if we weren't friends. Nevertheless, we are friends. Well, I don't wanna be friends with someone who doesn't care if they're my friend or not. And I'll tell you something else. I asked you to name specific times when we hung out in a social occasion that didn't involve us doing any kind of media project. You failed, you failed completely. Or wasn't work related. No, you and I don't hang out. When was the last time you, you and I went out to the, to the clubs and did the electric boogaloo together? That doesn't happen. Okay. You know, so I don't know what these times are You're talking about. There are many times. Well, why don't you cite one. Okay. 2008, do a restaurant Upper East Side.


We had a nice dinner. We walked through Central Park on a hot steamy summer night. Came across Shakespeare in the park, watched a beautiful performance together. Went back to your apartment at the time, spent quality time. It was very intimate. That was 2008. Yeah. Well, two count. Do you discount 2000? I don eight. I don I don't remember any of this. Whether You remember it or not. It happened. And, and so You and I walked through the park and We watched Yeah. We walked. Yeah. Do a Upper East Side. You lived on the Upper West Side. Beautiful. But did we, did we have tickets to this Shakespeare in The park? No, we came, this was serendipitous. Do you understand? Some of the greatest organic moments in life are unplanned. We didn't know we'd have a magical night that night. Nevertheless, we did. I wish, wish I remembered it right.


Yeah. Sounds We started out with a wonderful dinner. Of course. Do you remember what you had? Yeah, of course. I remember what I had. I had the Polo Scarpa yellow and Jesus. Yeah. And, and I had the totino for dessert. Yeah. Do you remember what I had Bronch. I had a, by the way, a bronch tray to drink. Well, that usually goes Away with a little No, no, No. I don't know what you had that that was your responsibility. But, but after that, we walked. You, you came up with, you're a man that loves to walk. And that's a great quality. I love walking. Although you have access to many transportation options. You like to walk. I do. We've, we've walked in many places on, but there was A Shakespeare in the park. Usually those are enclosed. You Can't just walk. No. We came across, it was some kind of a Shakespeare production in the backstage.


And You and I stood there and we Walked, we stood there and, and we walked. We had a moment. A magical, magical moment. And then, and then we know I all, we photographed, we photographed your apartment. We, we did. You did this great thing where you, it was late at night spent. That's Right. We, we, I remember you doing this late night. I remember you photographing. I lived at the Majestic at the time. And you photographed it. You took a nice photo of it, which I still have. I remember this now. Yeah. It was, it was. That's and by the way, yeah. This wasn't us being friends. I asked you to take, that's why we were together, was to take that photo. Yes. I think I paid you for that photo. Okay. So this was a gig. I paid you because you're a photographer, to take a picture of my apartment late at night. 'cause I was gonna give it to my wife.


Framed. And you did. And we got a bite to eat first. And you turned it into this, this, this date. What I'm saying is, which it wasn't. You got paid. We don't know when magical experiences will happen to us. We try to plan these things. We say, oh, I'm gonna have a special occasion night. And you plan, and then things inevitably go wrong. And then magic happens when you least expected. That night was magic. One of many magical nights. That and days that you and I have had all across the planet. You know what? All joking around, or I think your preferred term is joshing. All joshing aside, you and I, we've had some good times together. You do get on my nerves. I can't fake that. I do find you to be kind of absurd, inhuman in a lot of ways.


A free thinker. What's that? I'm a free thinker. I may not fit into the mold of the characters that we play as humans. No, no. You are. You are. You just don't seem human to me. You're like a cigarette machine. Yeah. That's malfunctioning. You know, you pull on it and you're trying to get a pack of cigarettes and You know, some molasses comes out. You seem a little bit of the something's wrong in your cuckoo tree. But, but that's neither here nor there. I have waved the magic wand of fame at your direction. And you have become a known personality. Yeah, you're welcome. As a result, you did an interview recently with the online entertainment publication Collider. Is that Right? Oh, yes, I did. It Was this last week. No, this was not last week.


No, but, so It's right here last week. Does it really matter when though? I mean, it was recent, right? Was it? I mean, I'm saying to get hung up on details like that. Was it two weeks ago? It was longer than two weeks ago. Was it Three weeks ago? It Was longer than three weeks ago. Was a very nice young lady from Toronto. I love the Canadians. I I spent a lot of time in Ontario, specifically also British Columbia Girlfriend in college was in Canada, wasn't she? Where are you getting these incorrect facts from? No, there was no Canadian girlfriend. It's an Old thing where people would say, do you have a girlfriend? Yeah. Yeah. She's in Canada. No. And of course that's code for She doesn't exist. No. So did you do an interview with Collider? I did. Was It approved by my people? In what sense? Do you ask that question? You're Part of the Conan machine? Yes. And you're out talking about Conan O Bryan Musco.


Yeah. My show on Max currently running. Right. And you have the nerve to do your own interview. I, I was asked to do an interview. Was it cleared? Was it cleared with Bruce? Was it cleared with Frank? Did you clear it with Ross? Did you clear it with Eduardo? People that needed to know, knew. I'm one of the people that needs to know. Yes. I never heard a thing about this. You and I don't have a line of dialogue for these matters. The people that needed to know knew. Okay, I'm gonna let it go. I'm gonna, it was discussed. Yeah. It was dis it was approved in, in all. I'm gonna Yeah. I'm gonna assume that it, it's fine. Yes. And I'm sorry I flew off the handle. I've been under a lot of pressure lately. Launching the max. Well, I'm sure you want people to speak freely under your employee. You have nothing to hide you.


No, I don't. Yes. No. I want, no, no. I have thoughts about the series as you do. Would you say that, would you say that to Stalin? Would you say to Stalin, I have original thoughts. I'm sure. Comrad, Stalin, you wish people to speak freely here in the Soviet. No, he didn't. Yeah, he wanted absolute control, which is what I want. My point is, I have deep thoughts. Okay. And I have things to say about no one with deep thoughts. Says I have deep thoughts. Yes. Nevertheless, the thoughts are there. And sometimes people want me to express them. I express the thoughts. No harm. Done. How did it go? The Collider interview, Frank, how did it go? Well, let's take a look. We, we have a clip here. Oh, here we go. You happen to be in the Argentina travel log. And that was an episode I really loved. If you've been on so many journeys with him, how has the relationship evolved from those early remotes to what we see in this episode?


I think in the early remotes, I was still approaching this aware of the fact that Conan was clearly my boss. And I was kind of, I felt an obligation to be subservient and play the role of the employee. But I guess gradually over the years, I've been able to put that aside while we're on camera and act. Just like I would be naturally inclined to act should someone approach me in the manner that he does. So in that sense, I think it's probably more truer to our actual relationship as opposed to like, employer, employee. Wow. Yeah. So you're saying there's been an evolution in our relationship? Yeah. I would hope that any relationship between human creatures or even animal creatures, right.


Under, under, goes under ghost change over time. Jordan, you don't have to keep qualifying it to say we're humans. Yes. It really does give the impression that you're new to this whole human thing. I see. And it puts people off. Yes. You know, it really does create that image. Yeah. That you came here about nine years ago and were put into this shell, this form in order to observe us and then report back to the mothership. Yeah. Well, I, I thought what you said was fairly accurate. You okay. You realize you still are under my employ. Yes, I do. Under my eges. I could crush you with my thumb if I wished. Sure. A bug that I am observing. You amuse me. I'll let you live for now. But maybe right now. Who squish. There you go. Yes. So you, I mean, if such statements make you feel more powerful, I'm not going to challenge them.


They do cer. Yes. Yes. My, If you needed that reinforcement, you've got it. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Appreciate it. Should we take a look at the next one? Yeah. No, you really, this is good. I thought you did a good, got a whole Yeah. I thought you did a good job with it. Oh, here we go. Oh, here we go. What's One thing about the relationship with Conan in these episodes that fans might be surprised to learn that doesn't come across, doesn't come across on camera? 'cause I'm sure there was more B roll that we haven't seen as yet. Well, the reality of the situation is despite how it may or may not appear, speaking for myself, I love traveling with Conan. I love spending time with him. I love spending time with him in foreign environments. I do truly think that when you travel or experience any kind of new event with someone, You know, it does bring you closer together.


You not only experience things firsthand, but reflect it in somebody else's eyes as well. I genuinely have so many warm memories of traveling to Argentina and other places with him. We would have wonderful dinners and we would talk about, You know, the food that we're eating and, and the local nature of that food and the culture around us. And it may surprise people to know that we really get along and I would like to think he enjoys my company as much as I enjoy his. Oh, wow. Well, I have one comment. First of all, you said some lovely things there, but before we get to that, you've gotta change your background. Mm. The next time you do a professional interview Yes. Because the angle's all wrong. We're looking up at a, at a look at that.


That's a mess. And that looks like you've made a quickly made a video to try and get help. Yes, yes. To Try and get to the police. I don't have the resources that you have. Do you understand this? I'm please, yes. I I am. I'm a man among men. A a human. Yes. A human man. Human man. I'm not media trained in this regard. I, I do the best I can. Okay. Well look how that beam is coming out of your head. Yes. And, and it just, it, it, it does look like you've drawn the shade so you can cut up a body. So let's move on to what you said. I write back at you, buddy. I have enjoyed our travels together. You do enrage me at times. Mm. But what I have found is, as infuriating as you are in person, when we go to these exotic lands together, you're still the same person.


But suddenly the quality of the food we're having is much better. And we're in, You know, we're in Buenos Aires. Right. You know what I mean? Or we're, we're in Tokyo. And so that sort of makes it all go down a little easier. Do You know what I mean? Oh, I see. I prefer you in a foreign land, preferably if I'm not with you. So, but I agree with you. Yes. We come across as these two people who are always at each other's throats. And I do enjoy traveling with you. I think it's a testament to our closeness that we can be at each other's throats and still endure. Yes. Endure. And even may I say thrive as humans and as animals.


Yeah. Okay. We're gonna take a little break. We'll be Right back. Bla


I understand you're taking a trip pretty soon. Where are you going? I'm going to the mountains. I'm going to Idlewild. Ooh. Okay. The mayor's a dog. Did You know that? Okay. Mayor Max. Sorry. Way too much information Since Mayor Max. He's A dog. Yeah. That's okay. Well, that's, that's nice. You're gonna idle wild. It's Great. And You know what I'm thinking about hosting an Airbnb while I'm gone to help offset some of the cost of the trip. That's smart. Hosting is a Pretty cool and unique way to make some money back. That's right. And people can stay in my awesome apartment, which is full of great comic books. I have a lot of cool figurines. It's really a, it's a great place to stay also. Oh boy. Have you seen the movie 40-year-old Virgin? No. I should check it out sometime. Okay. Sounds sounds fun. But You know what? It it, You know, if you've got 20, 25 goals of like travel and stuff like that, this would fit very nicely into those goals, which is using Airbnb. That's right. Exactly. 'cause it's more relaxing to take a trip when You know that you're making some cash on the other end. Exactly. And it might make you a little more, I don't know, prone to spend a little more on your trip on yourself That because You know that you're being responsible. That's right. So don't leave money on the table when you travel. You're home. Might be worth more than you think it is. Find out how much at Airbnb dot com slash host


the all new Nissan Armada Pro. Four X is an unshakeable fortress powered by a twin Turbo V six engine. Yeah. Ready to propel your adventures to new heights. Yeah. Your voice changes when you do a car act. I'm trying to, I'm trying to become Will Arnett. Oh, okay. But I can't do it. He's like the Oh, new Nissan Armada Pro Fourex. No, listen, I'm gonna, I'm gonna explain this car to you. 'cause this car is fantastic. It's Max 8,500 pound towing capacity has the power to haul all your favorite toys on your next big adventure. You could steal the Statue of Liberty with this. It's incredible. I'm not saying do that. I'm just saying this thing that's a lot of Holland power. Nobody gets left behind with the Armada Pro Four X's premium interior that seats up to eight passengers. That's crazy. I don't know. Eight people going big. Never goes outta style. No terrain is too tough for the all new Nissan Armada Pro four x the most capable armada ever built, built for the most rugged of terrain. The all new Nissan Armada Pro. Four X gives you freedom to explore further


this bracket season. FanDuel is letting you make the call. 'cause right now, new customers can get $200 in bonus bets when your first $5 bet wins. You hear me? That's 200 extra binos to bet on. Everything from clutch shots to last second heartbreaks and even who's cutting down the nets. If you've been waiting to join, there's no better time. There's turn action that slang for tournament almost every day. And FanDuel has amazing bet types like spreads totals, game props, and so much more. I know all about this. You do. Oh, I'm a real, it sounds like it. I'm a real be. I I'm, I'm excited because Michigan State, which is my team, I I think they're gonna go all the way. They're number one in the big 10 10. Yes. Yes. Let's go all the way. Don't shake your head, Eduardo. Listen. You are all a Michigan all the way. You're always That's right. Ever since I've known you, which is like 20 some odd years. That's right. You've been babbling about Michigan. This Michigan that. You gotta try a Michigan soup. You gotta have Michigan pizza pie. I love it all. And, and, and so Yeah. I say with FanDuel, Michigan State all the way. Let's go baby. Go green. Go. Yeah. Your favorite murderers are from Michigan. Anyway. That's true also. So visit FanDuel dot com slash conan. Get in on the college hoops action. Turny long turn is short for tournament. Must be 21 plus and present in select states for Kansas in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in present in DC. First online Real money wager only $5. First deposit required bonus issued is non withdrawal. Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash rg. Visit md gambling help.org. In Maryland


The best B2B marketing gets wasted on the wrong people. This makes me nuts, Blake. Yes, me too. You know, me too. Me too. Have you ever been served an ad that wasn't intended for you? All the time. You know, for a while I kept getting ads for expensive pots. And guess what? I don't cook. I have never cooked anything. I once tried to just boil some ramen and guess what happened? There was an explosion and three buildings were destroyed. Oh my God. So when you wanna reach this, that was, that ad should never have gone to me for a special pot. It's a lot of buildings. Yeah. A lot of buildings went. And I had to flee the country for a while. When you wanna reach the right professionals use LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn has grown to a network of over 1 billion professionals. And that's where it stands apart from other ad buyers. Have they got a billion? I don't think so, buddy. Boy, you can target your buyers by job title, industry, company roles, seniority skills, company revenue, all the professionals you need to reach in one place. So do me a favor, stop wasting budget on the wrong audience. Come on. Get your head in the game. Start targeting the right professionals only on LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn. We'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign so you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco derms and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.


Okay. Welcome back to The Conan and Jordan Show. And I'm sitting here with Jordan. Jordan, a as you're well aware, the travel shows on Max have been well received. We went to four countries. You came along with me on one and it reminded me that one of the reasons I brought you along on the Argentina episode was that you and I had traveled before. Oh yes. And we had a really good time. We went to Italy together. Sure. Now, of all the travel shows we did before Max, I think one of my favorites was, was Italy. Just for the Oh, fantastic. Fun and silliness of it. That's Wonderful. There Was a lot of just kooky comedy. Do you remember going together to Italy?


No. Yeah, of course. I remember gonna Italy, do you understand? That was a pivotal moment in my life. But I'll tell you something about that trip. That trip was a part of my life even before you. And I went, that was a, a trip that I had done many times before. And that made it extra personal for me because we were, I was able to share with a beloved companion these moments that have been so special to me. Beloved Companion. Yeah. You're a beloved companion. The the point is, I, I travel alone typically. And as much as I like you Travel alone. Yeah. I often travel alone. As much as I like the freedom that comes with traveling alone in the moments of introspection, sitting in a piazza at 2:00 AM and just watching people go by and pondering the universe you Creep.


Does your wife know that you like to travel alone? The Point is, sometimes you wanna share these experiences with somebody. And I was happy to have the opportunity to share these, this exact experience with you. What's Your favorite thing about the trip that we took? Do you We went to Florence. Did you like that? Yeah. Yeah. Or za You like to call it Fi enza? Yeah. Well, my, No, I said fit Enza. Yeah. Fi Enza. Fit Enza. Yeah. Say it again one more time. Fiza. Yeah. You got it. Fit Enza. Yeah. It's one of those, You know, some countries go by the same name in English as they do in, in the native country. Yeah. That's one that has changed quite a bit, hasn't it? Florence is Fiza. Yeah. Rome, of course. Roma. Do you have any others you'd like to? Venice? Venetia. How about Piza? Yeah. Piza is actually the same. Yeah. Yeah.


I just wanted to ruin Your theory. Okay. Nevertheless, Of course, Naples. Napoli. Yeah. Napoli very good. Yeah. Yeah. That's impressive. Yeah. So, so basically condescending piece of shit. Yeah. When you ask, I'll tell you, I'll tell you some of my favorite moments. Okay. When you ask, I've connected with these places on a spiritual level Okay. But often alone. And I'd come back and I would talk to you about my trip. And you at least pretended to be interested at the time. Yeah. When, like, I'm now, when you come back from hiatus, like I'm now Yeah, exactly. And, and then to be there with you at Lalo Jetta or some of these as Sobi Pizzeria, some of these exact places where I've spent so many years was quite moving for me.


I'm glad that you were moved. Yeah. I wish you'd kept moving. Okay. But a little quip there. But we had a good time. We enjoyed many foods together. Yes. There's a segment where you and I are driving around in a little car and I'm playing obscene sounds on a little sound machine. Yes. That made me really laugh. Yeah. I, to this day, I can't see that without Laughing. Well, that, that has some background to it. Let, you would drive around by yourself listening to Oh, yes. Cell dicon. Yeah. Specifically Andrea Bocelli's cell dican. And let me tell you something. And Then I thought, Hey, wouldn't it be funny if we listened to what I like to listen to when I'm driving? Yeah. And it was a lot of embarrassing noises. Yeah. From a sound effects shop. Think about getting this car started and be very careful with your valuable Conan payload.


Oh, can you stop the car for a sec? Stop it. Yeah. Just one other thing. Yeah. You're cool. You're a frame yourself as a sophist and academic, You know, an intellect and you are a fool. I mean, this is like, this is like toddler humor. You know, All your training has led you to this. So you are revered in the world of comedy. The elder statesman of late night television, Harvard educated many. Why bring up decades? Why decades? Why I bring up Harvard. Who gives a shit about that in the comedy world? Okay. I'll tell you the, the Lampoon, the Harvard Lampoon respected publication editor in chief of some sort.


No. Trump's called President Trump. Yeah. For a freshman. I think first freshman in the history. It's okay. I'll, I'll, it's called president anyway. What's the Out to Harvard. All right. Nevertheless, nevertheless, I'm sorry. You have a sore spot about that. Not, I'm not gonna talk about where you At the school. I don school. You know what, what, You know, tion you face as a Harvard graduate. You know, I don't say that. I don I don know what the sensitivity is about education. I don dunno know the sensitivities. I don Dunno if something happened to you at Harvard that you don't wanna discuss, I won't bring it up again. No, no, no. Okay. So anyway, you're revered comedians look up to you, you, your sophistication in, in the comedic world. You're a combination of this silly I thinking of someone else and, and the high end and all of that background and, and incredible resume brought you to a little classic Fiat Chiquita with me playing the sounds of a, of a human gas release.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It's called a fart. Yeah. Yeah. It was very funny. Well, you, you couldn't call it that. And we were, we were just hollering. It was so funny. I mean, you weren't laughing good. I think you just didn't understand what was happening. You were just a confused robot. But it was so funny. I love that Italy episode and I hope people check it out. Yeah. It's really, really a lot of fun. It Was very special to me. Yeah. You Mentioned to me that Argentina wasn't your first choice. You know, I, I've been to Argentina now three times. And I, and the first two times I went, I did kind of road trips through Patagonia and, and Argentina's a wonderful country, wonderful people, wonderful culture, wonderful food. You know, there are some places that you go to and you say, I had a wonderful experience here and this will carry me through the rest of my life.


And, and this was great and, and I really treasure it, but I don't necessarily think I'll ever have the opportunity or need to come back. I loved, I loved it. I loved Buenos airs. Yeah. I loved it. We, we had some delicious steak. Oh yes. A steak there is fantastic. Yeah. And I was really enjoying the meal. And we shot one of those meals. I think you, you annoyed me a lot during that meal. We kind Oh yes, yes we did. Yeah. I get kind of got maybe the angriest I've been on camera at you. Yeah. How familiar are you with the Culture of Argentina? Well, I know that regarding the culture of the Argentines, I'm certainly no expert. However, I will tell you that I know that the passion and intensity of tango is flows through the blood of the Argentine people.


It's on every street corner that we encounter. Tango, tango, tango. It's pronounced tango. Tango last tango in Paris, last tango in Paris. Or more accurately last tango In Hari And I, I'm chewing and I'm furious at the same time. Yeah. And you can see an anger in my eyes. You'd have to watch. I don Dunno, you have to watch a movie about the devil to see that much anger in someone's eyes, You know? Yeah. Well, I have a respect for the culture and I try to honor the, the people in the way they speak. And, and I mispronouncing things that if that infuriates you, that sounds like a problem that you need to Work out.


Another time you got angry. We, I took you to Japan. Oh, yes. You got That's the angriest I've seen you. Okay. You got very angry because you and I had a traditional meal. Oh, Kaisi, Please. Yeah. We had Kaisi and we were wearing the robes and we were kneeling at the, the little small table. They were bringing us the various dishes. And you started to go on and on about the film. Karate Kid two, I believe. Oh, yes. And you expounded on how, what made it so special as it was shot in this particular part of Japan. Okinawa. Okinawa, Yeah. Island. And then I produced, once you had really dug your own grave thoroughly, I produced a, a video that I brought with me of Ralph Macchio, the star of Karate Kids.


Weren Macio. Yeah. Macho Macchio. But anyway, I produced a video of him telling you that no, they shot that in the United States. It was not shot in Japan. Yeah. Apparently it was shot in Hawaii. Okay. So you in that moment looked like a fool. Oh. And I had set the trap perfectly. And you got admit it. You got angry. You got very angry. Well, it's true. I made a mistake if you'd like to believe. I was angry if that in increases your enjoyment of the situation. You thought you got really mad because you started to say, oh, oh, oh. I guess if I had a booker, I could book someone like Ralph Machi. And I said, Macchio. And you said Macchio. I could get a booker. I could get a booker. Oh, oh. Big talk show. You were angry.


You were angry, you were frustrated and angry. You could believe I'm angry if, If you wanna believe I was angry. But you think he was angry? Oh my God. Everybody could see on camera. It was, it got, it got like, look at the footage. People, My fascination with Japanese culture began with the Karate Kid. Part two. Now that movie was shot in, took place in Okinawa, which is southern part of Japan. And well, Daniel was staying in a Han, which is a Daniel Oh yeah. Daniel son. Played by Ralph Macho, which is actually the Italian may pronounced Macchio. But I believe he pronounces it Macio and I'll respect his decision. So Jordan, let's recap. Yeah. Your entire fascination with Japan stems from the fact that you saw Karate Kid two.


Yeah. And that it was filmed in where? Okinawa. Okinawa. I have a message here for you. Please press play and hold that out to the camera as you watch it. Hi Conan. It's me, Ralph Macio. Listen, I'm sorry to interrupt. I just wanted to tell that Jordan Guy that all the scenes in Karate Kid part two, that was supposed to be Japan, were actually shot in Hawaii. Oh. And Jordan, those weren't real dinosaurs in Jurassic Park. I, It Was Hawaii.


Thank you Ralph Macchio. You fraud. I understand that movie from Make believe you fraud. I think right now you're in shock. Yes, I am in shock. And you're trying and you're gonna try and talk yourself out of it. No, no. I'm in shock. Your childhood hero just came out of my phone Yeah. And took a shit into your mouth. I'm shocked that you had our talent Booker reach out to his publicist. You have the connections. Yeah. I can get to Ralph Macchio. Yeah. Yes you can. You sir, are a fool. I do not Know where Ralph Macchio shot the karate. It's macho. I guess I'm a fool. It's macho.


I am a fool for not Knowing where That movie was shot. It's Machio Mao and I can get to him if I wanted to. It's you, do you Achio? Oh yeah. Oh great. I can get to Machio. Listen To you right now. You sound like an insane stalker. We have footage of you with your eyes as wide as an owl saying I can get to Machio, I can get to him. I can get to Mao. I can get to Mao. You got mad. Okay. Well, guess what? You got mad when I took you to a very special experience in Italy. Okay. Here's a real story for the people out there that they may not have heard before. This is real life listening audience. Okay. I, we were in Florence and I wanna do something special for you. You know why? 'cause I have an intimate knowledge of that city. And I said, I can provide you an experience that you can't get as a tourist.


Look at how angry he is. No, no, no, no. This is, this is what I, this is the way I enhanced your life without your, you even being aware of it. Okay. Okay. So I know that yes, you can have a wonderful dinner in the city of Florence, but I knew a very special, magical place outside of the city, in the town of Ole. Okay. This is shortly outside the city, maybe eight minutes outside the city. Okay. So I said, tonight I'm gonna take you and our entire crew to a wonderful dinner in Ole. And you said, great. How, how close is it to Florence? And I said, it's about eight minutes outside the city. And you said, great. So we all get in our vans and we start driving outside the city to Fi Lake. I remember this. Yeah. Yeah. And then I start, You know, I'm, I'm in the van enjoying our company.


We're talking, we're, we're having a real experience here. The, the night was full of opportunity. You know, this is a wonderful experience from virtually a local to a tourist like yourself. And I start getting questions about the amount of time that we were in the van. Hey. More than eight minutes. Okay. So I, People start looking at their watches and say, this is taking a while. And I don't know what the rush was. I mean, we were done shooting for the day and, and we were off to a magical You said, I'm sorry we were all hungry. You said eight minutes. It was not even close to eight minutes. And the bus kept driving and driving and driving. And then we're going up a big hill and then we're down. I was there too. And I could Vouch for this. Okay. Far away. I'll, I'll accept the fact that you lied. I'll accept the fact. Let's say it was longer than eight minutes.


You became infuriated by the amount of time it was taking in rage. Yeah. It second to get there. I, I don't think I became infuriated. I did not turn into the Hulk. Yes. My, my shirt didn't rip. No, I didn't Certainly, I didn't suddenly go from, You know, You know, regular actor. What's his name? Bill Bixby. I, I didn't suddenly go from Bill Bixby to Lou Faro. That's not what Happened. Lu Fario, the GN makes like a n sound like Nichi. No, everyone says that's not how they pronounce it. Who's They? I pronounce it Lu Fario. How Do you say Hulk? Hulk? No, Hulk. Hulk. Hulk is an English Word. It's actually called Hulk. No, because he was Danish.


What? What Danish. No, he's not Danish. I'm just Saying that DC comics, You know, You do everything you can to mispronounce things just to be Lou Far hu. Bill Bixby. That guy can make me cry. I mean that guy, the the pain, it's the lonely man theme composed by Joe Harne when he would walk off in the distance. Bill Bixby at the end of every episode. Tell me that doesn't bring tears to your eyes. Even, even I don Dunno what you're talking about. Even, even like a guy like you that's always looking for the joke in this situation, when that guy walks down the, no, I don know the show that well, he can't find companionship because he's cursed by this disease. He was exposed to gamma rays. He's cursed, he walks, he looks, he only wants companionship. He only wants to be a free man. Does this sound like you and Joe Harne piano does sound like you, that lonely man themed place. Does this sound like you tell me Bill Bixby and he was like a tortured soul in real life.


It's box, It's Bby. No. What do you Mean? He is a, he's a tortured soul in real life. How do You know why Bill Bixby? That you could see when you talk about an actor and their ability to emote people think he, 'cause he was on like a, a fantasy TV series. They kind of discount him. I mean, the guy was like a genius actor. I didn't, he was Tortured, You know, there are stories about his life. He had struggles. Nevertheless, that guy was able to communicate these touching sentiments that are unheard of in a superhero genre. All Right, well listen, this is neither here nor there. I didn't get that enraged. But you did lie about how long it took. But we had Wonderful magical dinner. I'd to think No, we were, yeah. Remember the bicycles on the wall. This place had bicycles on the, when We finally got there, Antique Bicycles. When we finally got there, it was nice. Yes.


I I've traveled the world with you. Yes. And I, I wanna say I thank you for your companionship. Oh, You're welcome. Thank you for yours. Very good. Yeah. You studied earthlings long enough to know that that's the correct Response. Yeah. That was a normal exchange, right? Yeah. Yeah. Do you practice at home with pillows? You draw faces on them? No, I Don't. And say, well, thank you. Thank you very much. I do appreciate that. Oh, and good to see you as well, sir. Yeah. How are you? Nice. Nice to be Here. I know how humans are expected to interact. Do you understand? I've witnessed, that's just, I've witnessed these things. Do you understand? I spend large amounts of time pondering. I'm sure you did. You know there was, I know when they pushed you as a baby into the ship and sent you hurdling towards earth.


Right. Because your own planet was exploding. You had a lot of time on screens to watch us. Yes. And learn kind of in your own way how we interact. I know how to play this game. Do you understand? Know? I know, I know the rules. No one suspects a thing. I know how to bend the rules. Yes. I no one suspects a thing. That's right. I know how you all interact and I'm happy to play in your world. Okay, well, just an admission here. Yeah. That was fantastic. Yeah. That you're not like us. But you've learned to blend. No, I'm not. But are any of us really like us? Yeah. The collective the Rest of us in this room are like Us. There's no us. Yeah. No, no, no. They're not. People have, people have their inner secrets, their inner deviations. Where Would you like to go in the future with me?


The future, Conan, where would you like to go? Oh, yes. Where would you like to travel? Yes. Well, in fact, I, You know, I've, I've got six, an order for six more of these travel shows. Oh. And yeah, I'm curious, is there any, do you have any requests? Yeah. You know, I, I have another very special road trip that I take and I would love to share with you again in, in a very intimate setting. I would, I found this great combination. I would fly to Paris and I'd spend a couple days in Paris. You have your steak fruits, you have your, You know, your wonderful wines. You can, you can explore the city. And then I would rent a car and drive through the French countryside. I'm talking about the Lair Valley where you stay in castles.


Now these things are actual medieval castles that are now converted into lodging in hotels. They're not like Las Vegas made to look medieval. And you'll stay in the turd of a castle. It's an incredibly romantic and ornate in these large green fields. And then Why do you wanna have all these romantic experiences with me? This is how you connect with humans. No, no, no. This is how you connect with humans. Romantic is how you connect with someone who you have a romantic sexual interest in. Why sexual do you, Do you have a romantic Interest in? Of course I do. Whatcha are you talking? High romance? You ever hear of the romantics? You ever hear of the new romantics in music? The fact that you link romance with sex, to me is very telling. It's very two dimensional things are not always so cut and dry. I believe you and I have a very romantic relationship.


If I said to my, if I No, wait a minute. What, what if I said to my wife, I'm leaving on a very romantic trip with Jordan. She would laugh. No. Okay. She would laugh. Alright. She would laugh. She'd think, that's Silly. That's not my business. The point is the point. The point is, absolutely we have a romantic relationship. You like to pretend these things away. Think you find yourself in this situation. I know you didn't plan It this way. I do not have romantic moments With you. I know you didn't plan it this way. Whether or not you acknowledge it doesn't discount the fact that it exists. I've had, okay, we drive to the Lair Valley, we drive through Burgundy, and we have local burgundy wines, and then we drive into Switzerland through the Alps, and we eat Rockette and fondue. What's Rockette? And Rockette is the type of cheese that melts over a fire.


And you eat it. And, and, and you, you spend spend. How do you get it outta the fire? Please. You, you, you, you're in the Swiss Alps. You're sitting in front of a fireplace. High romance. High romance, driving through the mountains. And then you drive into northern Italy across the Dolomites. And maybe you end up in a town like Venice and you may think, oh, we've done Italy. Well, we did Tuscany and, and cio and you mean Veia? Kaia. Yeah. Vincia and Veia. It's kind of, kind of got a flavor. It's all, all of its own. And I've done the strip multiple times, often alone. I would love to share that experience with you. Why are You always alone? Alone? Think of us galloping. Why are you through The Alps? Galloping. Yeah. Galloping through the Alps. Not on a horse, but on some kind of motorized vehicle, perhaps. Well, If you even gallop just On foot. No, no. You don't get into a, you don't get into a Gallivanting.


I'm sorry, I misspoke. But just fix us ridiculous. Just Running. You don't get into a running. Remember the sound of music? You Don't get into a Honda Accord and gallop off into the distance. Right. It just doesn't happen. Yeah. But can you envision the sentiment I'm talking about, like picture the sound of music, which was shot of chords in Germany, but picture that in, in the Swiss Alps. You and I just running through the snowy mountains. No, that's, I Don I don Like Flannel. I don't picture any of That. No, we're, we're gallivanting. No, I don't wanna gallivant With you. No. We're gallivanting in the Alps. I don't. And then at night we're curled up in front of a fighter. What Are you talking about? We're wearing a blanket Curl wolf love together. Listen, Listen. Guad, have you ever been to Guad? Oh my God. It's called schad. You punch the Jeans guad. So, so what I'm saying is, and then of course I haven't been there. Listen To me. Course. And then we have risotto in polenta in northern Italy.


We stay in the mountains there. Hey, listen To me. I am not a homophobic person at all. Yes. Okay. You have to. And I think You know that about me. I absolutely know that about you. But I don't, I I reject your advances. I, I Reject. I'm not advancing you. You're talking about, you just said I'm, I'm proposing dolomite. I'm making A proposition. You're proposing, I'm proposing, I'm making a proposition. I call it an indecent proposal. You said you wanted to curl up with him. Yeah. In front of a fire. I would like to curl up with you in front of a fire. We are not intertwined. I'm not against it. What I'm saying is, So I'm curled like a shrimp in my corner. In your curling. Let me envision this, this, let me envision this. Okay. All right. Yeah. Paint a picture. All right. So there's a fire where not there's a fires there. Fireplace. We're on the floor. There's a rug. There's a Melted cheese on the logs. No, There's an, yeah, there is, there's an oval rug.


And you are Curled. Why is it o why is it oval? Because It'll fit both of us. It's an oval rug in front of The Wait, what? We have to be together on the rug. Yeah. We're Gonna be down on the floor. And you're on the left side of the oval rug. And I'm on the right side of the oval rug. And I want the right, I want the right, I want the right. Okay, fine. We're wearing flannel pajamas and, and we've got a fondue pot and we're roasting our bread. What we drinking maybe apples. Oh, I'm glad you asked. You know, Switzerland has some great wines. They're very expensive. In fact, many Swiss will buy like Italian wines because Don't worry about the expense. I'm saying like, we'll, we'll Put this on. You know, you're like concentrating on the wrong things. Our bodily positions are not necessarily important. What's important here? I, To me they are very important. Listen, I mean, you want us, you said we're curled up.


Yeah. Now to everyone in the room, that means we're together. Our bodies are touching our body. It's like spooning. Well, not necessarily. Possibly if we, yeah. Oh, If they are touching, which areas are touching? I don't care. These are, you're dwelling on the wrong things. I am, I Think I'm dwelling on very important facts. If Our body should touch, I I don't even necessarily notice it. I, it could happen accidentally. I, that's not my goal. Or nor am I trying to avoid it. The point is, here we sit in Los Angeles in an urban environment. Now picture, this is the wonder of travel. Picture us now in the Swiss Alps curled up in front of a fire together. Okay. I, I can't picture it. Yeah, I can. I think so. So I would, the most I can picture is that I'm in an armchair, a leather armchair on one side of the room.


You're on a leather armchair on the other side of the room That just seems so distant. Almost like, like you're trying to avoid me. I Like it. Yeah. And I, and also I want like a Japanese screen between us and that's it. Okay. And then I, I just find, I find your description to be a little strange. That's all. Yes. Well, I, I have specific tower castles that I have stayed in, and I would love to spend time in with you and just picture large fields in France running through the fields. Why are You, I don't wanna run through a field. There's a gopher hole. You break your, what I'm saying Is break your ankle when you see a large expanse of green grass. Okay. France is like a green country. Isn't that doesn't seem like a green country to you. Like, do you see colors when you, like, if I say like the number, like if I say 1983, do you see yellow?


Nope. No. If I say the 1990s, do you see red? How long have you experiencing these headaches? No, But I'm saying is you don't associate color with different words or places. Okay. I don't, I don't, I mean, yeah, If you say brown, I think of the color brown. If you say yellow, I think of the color. Yellow. Right. But If you say 1983, I don't think of yellow. You Don't think of yellow. Why would you think of yellow with 19, 19 85 red, 1986 blue, 1987 green, 1988 yellow again. Okay. 1989, red again. You don't, you don't see that I'm pulling the rip chord. Okay. I'm getting us outta here. No, no. This is not a joke. This is a real thing. I see. I see colors. There's No, there's No way. Get, analyze this Frank, get this analyzed When I, when I see certain words or placed, okay, France is a green country. I picture large green fields. And you and I just running through the field.


MRI, you need to have an MR mri. Okay. You Have an MRI and, and they need to inject dye, and then they need to do a kind of imaging where they can see that's Called with contrast. Yeah. And Magnetic resonance imaging. Yeah. Then you'll see the colors and as, as Opposed to computerized axial tomography. A CAT scan. Okay. Do You know laser stands for light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation. Do You know that scuba self stands for self-contained underwater breathing apparatus? Did You know that we're outta time means I'm ending this right now. Okay. Thank you very much, Jordan. Yeah. This has been a really great episode of The Conan and Jordan Show. Or it's been an episode of sorts. I don dunno. That's a great one. What are we playing right now? A lonely man. Oh, this is the lonely Man theme. Oh, look for the piano version by Joe.


Oh, yes. Ah, it's, oh my gosh. Are you okay? It it's, yeah. It's consuming me. And So this, this is, this is the song they would play when Bill Bix. Bill Bixby as Bruce Banner. Yeah. David Banner in the TV series. Bruce Banner in the comics. Okay. Changed on purpose. The series creator. Yeah. And you He's walking away. Yes. And he is alone because if anything infuriates him, he turns into the hu he Can't exist in human society. Yeah. This is the theme that should play when you wander alone in Europe with no one to talk to. And when you rent a castle and there's a fireplace and some cheese, but I'm not there.


There's no one to cuddle with. Of course, you forgot to invite your wife, who, by the way, is very beautiful and cool, but you didn't think to bring her with you on this romantic getaway. 'cause you thought maybe your podcast co-host would be there. And it's very sad. This is the song that plays. This has been the very emotional episode of The Conan and Jordan Show. We'll see you next time. Goodnight.


The Conan and Jordan Show with Conan O'Brien and Jordan Schlansky is produced by me, Frank Smiley, executive, produced by Adam Sachs, Jeff Ross, and Jim McClure, engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez. Our supervising producer is Andrew gru, talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Patista and Brit Kahn. The theme song is Tom Sawyer by Rush. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan and Jordan? Call the Team, Coco hotline, (669) 587-2847 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


And If you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend wherever find podcasts are downloaded. And be sure to subscribe and tune into Conan O'Brien Radio channel 1 0 4 on SiriusXM.


Hey, Sona, do you own a business that's ready to thrive? I do. Well, it's time to let Intuit QuickBooks take things like unpaid invoices and tracking expenses off your plate to take things to the next level. Make sense? I really Want my business to thrive. You should. It should. Intuit QuickBooks is an all in one business platform that can help with day-to-day tasks like invoicing and expenses. You wanna be worried about that stuff? That's perfect. Yeah. That's what I, that's all I do. Yeah. Yeah. That's my whole business. It's your whole business. Manage and grow your business all in one place. Intuit QuickBooks, your way to Money. Money movement services are provided by Intuit Payments Incorporated. Licensed as a money transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services.


Amazon presents Lisa versus the mosquito surviving 100 million years. Mosquito shook off the plate, tectonic breakup of Pangaea, the asteroid that eliminated the dinosaurs and the ice age. But Lisa shopped on Amazon and bought a can of repellent, a cute long sleeve shirt and a citronella candle. Hey, mosquito, Lisa, just bodied Jew. Save the every day with deals from Amazon.