
Hey, Mike. Glad you could join me for some great seafood. Me too. Wait, Why are you dressed in fishing gear? You said we were going out to catch great seafood, right? Yes, to Popeye's. Do you even know how to fish? No, I thought you did. Oh, yeah. I could catch pretty good seafood at Popeye's. Let's go. Let Popeye's do the fishing while you enjoy our delicious signature seafood. Get Popeye's flounder fish sandwich or shrimp tackle box before they're gone. Limited time at participating us restaurants.


Instacart is here to keep you on the couch this basketball season. With pre-game rituals and post-game interviews, it's hard to find time for everything else. Let Instacart handle your game day snacks or weekly restocks with delivery in as fast as 30 minutes because it's bad luck to be hungry on game day. Download the Instacart app today and enjoy $0 delivery fees on your first three orders. Service fees apply for three orders and 14 days excludes restaurants.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit team cocoa.com/call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hey Max, welcome to Conan. O'Brien needs a fan. Hey, David. Hey, max. How are you? I'm trying to stay warm. Oh, okay. Well, you're indoors. Do you not have heating? What's going on? I guess that hasn't made its way to my part of the country yet. Where Are you, sir? Where are you right now? I'm In Fargo, North Dakota. Ah, Fargo. Yeah. Okay. That's my favorite movie, by the way. One of it's, it really is one of my favorite movies. It's a movie I love. I love Fargo.


I wish you talked like that in the movie. If it's my deal here G. Hey, Wade. Well, hey, we, no, This Is My Deal Here. See? No, no. We talked About This. They're need to be some incentive for me to talk like Margie. Yeah, I I That's okay. I I Well, no, we're not gonna get into some sort of sex game. That's not gonna happen. Do you? Do you Want money? We'll send. You can Venmo him. No, no, no. I'm not giving him any money for this. I think it's just, just an excuse for me to see. It's my deal here, Wade. No, no. I mean, I'm sorry. I, I The accent. Is that it? It's Fargo. It's Fargo. Are you sure? I'm sure. Hey, You know, I'm sorry. You don't sound at all like anyone from the movie Fargo, he auditioned.


I don't know if I agree with your police work a hundred percent there, Lou. Hey. Yay, max. I see what I was doing was a trick to get you to do that. It worked. And my bad Fargo accent. Oh shit. Brought out your good one. And so I win this round. I love that. I love That. Yeah. You don't owe me any money. So, max, what do you do? What's your, what's besides living in an apartment that has no central heating? What do you do with yourself, my friend? I'm a meteorologist. Oh, cool. That's cool. And, and you're a meteorologist. Are you on the radio?


Are you on television? Where do you do your meteorology? I am on television. I'm on the Fox affiliated TV station in Fargo. Oh, very cool. And because it's Fox, do they encourage you to put like a political slant on like, oh, there's a, there's a bad storm coming from the left wing. Oh, the left wings. Left wing From the left wing. Yeah, the left wing of the state. There's a bad kooky storm, but don't worry. No, it's becoming Irish. It's my deal here. Hey. No, no. Wait, we talked about it. It's my deal here. If I stick to my deal here, I think I got the accent. Just Repeat that over and over again.


Yeah, I think so. Okay. Like, you're from the Midwest. Oh wait, you are? Oh, you're from the Midwest. Southern Illinois. Illinois. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. It's True. Max, I'm sorry. You're a meteorologist and I'm gonna try to bring some sanity. I think you've upended this conversation with your nonsense. Well, you are. I think that's a load of bullshit. Okay. Hey, wow, Jesus. All right. You just take it easy. You're a meteorologist. I'm On tv. I don't have to take this. Okay, you're right. I have the highest respect for you, max. I think you've lost control. You've lost the feeling in your extremities from the severe cold. So you are in the studio, you are doing the weather. Is the weather usually the same in Fargo?


Does it get boring? You know, there's that old joke about it's really boring to be a, a weatherman in Los Angeles. 'cause it's always 72 degrees and fairly pleasant. What about in Fargo? It's, we do have the periods where it'll get a little bit boring, but those are fairly few and far between. Right now it's, You know, we've got almost 60 mile an hour wind gusts and blizzard warnings. So it's, You know, it's a good weather day to be a meteorologist, but not a good day for pretty much anyone else who wants to do anything around town. Because s Right. It's not great. Well, Bad luck for other people. Is good luck for you because you get to say Yeah, pretty much. Oh, it's a big storm coming there, Wade.


I'm gonna keep going at it. I'm gonna keep going at it. There's no way to stop me. So, okay. What kind of, do you get outside the studio much? I mean, are you mostly there in front of the green screen pointing to things like low pressure system, high pressure system snowflakes, that kind of thing? Yeah. Each individual snowflake that comes down, I'm typically outside the studio point. And here's one, here's two. Okay. Listen to you, son of a bitch. Three. I'm gonna climb through this. I'm gonna climb through this microphone and come and get you. Do you understand me? Don't you sas me young man. All right. I'm 98 years old. I've served this country bravely in World War ii and you're gonna treat me with respect. None of you're sas Now this Is My Deal Here, Wade.


Oh no. Oh my Lord. Oh No. Make It stop. No, I'm in front of the green screen most of the time. Right. And do you have to ad lib a lot? Is that that? 'cause sometimes I would think you're there, and I don't mean to put down your anchor 'cause I don't know who your anchor is, but what if your anchor just is trying to be funny and you gotta kinda have to play off your anchor? Who I'm just assuming is, You know, he is, come on, you're a funny guy, max, you're calling in. You're clearly a fan. You've already had some good quips. You've put me in my place. What if your anchor's like, and you have to deal with that? What do you do? Fortunately, that hasn't happened too frequently. But when you're on air, it's always professional and I Have no experience with That.


You know, one thing I don know what? I don't know what you're talking about, max, stick With me baby. You're gonna learn some things. And one thing, You know, the news anchors, when they're reading the news, they're reading off of script. They're reading off a prompter. Yep. When I'm doing the weather, it's all freeform. Exactly, exactly. It's all Just off, off the top, top of my head. Exactly. You're going command, right? There's well, Amanda, no, no, seriously, you're letting, you're letting the old pendulum swing, If You know what I mean. Those guys are locked in. They're just locked in. And now the weather, You know, and they'll read it. You know what I mean? It's, that's that's what it is.


Yeah. It's like the movie Anchorman, You know, you just put it on the prompter and they'll read it. Do you get outside the studio much? Do you ever ha get a chance to get outside and have some excitement? Well, every once in a while for work I'll, You know, do the weather from outside. But when I'm not working, especially when it's, You know, warm out, it's spring summer, something I really, really like to do and as I've been doing for a while, is I go storm chasing. I go driving around looking for tornadoes. Oh Really? That's cool. I've never talked to someone who really does that of, of course, they're the famous iconic movies about storm chasing. How inaccurate are those movies? I'm guessing they are fairly inaccurate. Well, The original twister, there's, they take a whole, a lot of liberties with it.


The newest one is a little bit more accurate, but it's definitely not just jam packed balls to the wall action 24 7. It's, it's more so, You know, you're, you're spending a lot of time in a car just driving around or if you're just hanging out in a field playing catch with a baseball, waiting for storms to go up. But then it's that 1% when the storms are actually going up. Yep. That is just the, the sheer adrenaline rush of storm chasing. Okay, max, paint the picture for me. You hear there's a storm tornado or the conditions are right for a tornado and then it comes in over the radio. The tornado is setting down over near, You know, cobbler's grove and, and you say, let's go gang.


And you all hit the gas and you head towards the tornado. Is that correct? Yeah. Wow. Look at that. Is that something you just got off online or No, believe it or not, I took this. So you took that photo and you got that close to a tornado. Yeah. Now what if that thing had suddenly started heading, You know the way when a bear attacks you, if it's a black bear, you're supposed to do this. If it's a brown bear, you're supposed to do that. What do you do If you think a tornado is headed your way? Is there, is there something I should know that might save my life in the future? The the biggest thing is if you're not sure if the tornado is heading your way or not, is to find a stationary object and just have the tornado in relation to that stationary object.


Line it up. And if the tornado is moving to the right of that object, it's gonna pass to your right. If it's moving to the left of that object, it's gonna pass to your left. But if it's just appears to be getting bigger, it's coming straight at you. Right. And that's not good news. Now that means you, you ba just gotta book it in Direction. Lemme direct, lemme ask you a question. 'cause this, this is something that I've thought about and I, I think about a lot of things. I'm a thoughtful man and So I've heard When You know when there's a big wave coming towards you, you can try to run away from it. But sometimes that's the worst thing you can do. Sometimes you should turn and you should dive into the wave. Would it ever be a good idea? No.


Let me finish. You don't know where I'm going with this to dive into the tornado? Well, No. And just go with it. And like ascend, ascend, ascend. And there's cows swirling around you. Mo Moo and there's other people from Fargo. It is my, my deal here. Wade. No wait, it's my Hey. No wait, I talked to these guys. They mean business. It's my idea here. Wade and Mo Moo and you just ascend through them. Is that a possibility? I'm surprised you left out Dorothy and Toto in that analogy as well. Fun. There's not as much fun as Fargo, You know, it's just not as much fun. Yeah. You know, they're old news.


Yeah.


Spring's calling and burlington's answering. I go there to refresh everything in my closet and home. No guilt either. Because at Burlington I'm getting deals on brands I love new fashions, hot trends and decor. My guests will fuss over. Oh and Easter. Burlington has excellent savings. Up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. The deals are in the air at Burlington. You better be there too. Burlington deals Grant. Wow. Styles and selections may vary.


Testing, testing. We are Live from Chick-fil-A. This is Grant and this is Laura. And a little thing we love about the Chick-fil-A smokehouse barbecue bacon sandwich is that sweet bun And that chicken filet was perfectly crispy and soft at the same time. And that smokehouse barbecue sauce, it's a lot of fun. And the brown sugar bacon definitely had a little bit more pizazz. Also the Mac, one of the all time grates, man, I'm getting hungry. Order the smokehouse barbecue bacon sandwich and a Coca-Cola on the Chick-fil-A app. For a limited time, real guests paid for their testimonials.


This cold and flu Season. Instacart is here to help deliver all of your sick day essentials. Whether you're in prevention mode and need vitamins, hand sanitizer, and that lemon tea your nana swears by or you're in healing mode and need medicine soup and a lot more tissues. Simply download the Instacart app to get sick day supplies that reinvigorate or relieve delivered in as fast as 30 minutes. Plus, enjoy $0 delivery fees on your first three orders. Excludes restaurant orders, service fees in terms apply.


How do you make an Airbnb, a VRBO picture, a vacation rental with a host. The host is dragging your family on a tour of the kitchen, the bathroom, the upstairs bathroom, the downstairs bedroom and the TV room, which surprise is where you can watch tv. Now imagine there's no host giving you a tour because there's never any hosts at all, ever. Voila. You've got yourself a vrbo, want a vacation that's completely and totally host free. Make it a vrbo.


Well You know what Conan, you can come out storm chasing and we will let you dive into a tornado and we'll see how it goes. I would, first of all, I would do it because I am very, I I do stupid things, anything for a bit. And if it's for a bit and I think it'll, it'll make people happy. I'll do it and go pro on you. You and you'll, you'll just find a red wig later on and some bits of flesh. That's fascinating that you go chasing after the storms and you don't feel endangered when you're doing that. Even If you see a tornado, you think, oh, it's a pretty good chance. It's not gonna come our way. No, I've been doing it long enough where I have a pretty good handling on being able to look at what I'm seeing in front of me and know if I'm in a good position or in bad position that, You know, there's been a couple times where, You know, maybe we're rolling into a town and we're getting reports that the tornado is rolling into the same town we're driving through, but we can't see as much.


'cause there's trees, there's hills, and we gotta try to find somewhere to get visual of the tornado. Those moments are definitely a lot more scary just because you can't see it, You don't know where it is and you're trying to get visual on it. Those are definitely when the blood pressure kind of goes up a little Bit more. Isn't there an app that will tell you where the tornado is and there's an app for everything? And if there isn't, you should invent one. But there should be an app that tells you there's a tornado and it's, it's six feet that way and there's a little arrow. Well, I don't know if it can, if it can be that precise, but there are, You know, when we're chasing, I've got the weather radar in front of me and I can see where we are in position in relation to the storm.


I've got the National Weather Service chat room open so I can see what other meteorologists are saying. So that's always a big help. But until you can actually see it for yourself. 'cause weather radar can only go so far, especially if you're far away from a, a Radar. Gotcha. It's, you're not getting the best picture. You can't just rely on and I'm guessing it's a doppler. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know the terms Well, whatever. I pretty much helped invent the technology. Oh, you're that Conan? Yes. Oh, Conan. Orion. The Oh, the Conan Doppler Orion. Okay. You, you seem like a happy chappy max life.


Good. Is is life good for you? You enjoy your life. You're a young fellow. You're, you're a part of a proud guild of meteorologists. It's, I don't know. I'm impressed. I mean you're, You know what I mean? Yeah. Sometimes you think, oh, are you gonna talk to a meteorologist? It's gonna be some crusty 65-year-old guy who's like, I, I remember the tornado of 57. Like, oh Jesus, this guy again. But look at you. You're a very young guy. And this is, this is Pretty cool. How did You know what tornado went through Fargo in 1957? I know a lot about tornadoes. I know a lot about Fargo and Fargo. Yeah. Yeah. And Fargo. Except how to do an accent. Oh, I think my accent is so good.


It scares the shit out of you. And I'll be honest with you, I can tell you just, I can see the color drain from you every time I go. That's right. Hey, it's my diesel your way there. It's, there goes the color. No, I just live in Fargo, so I'm very, very white. Do you have, do you have family? What's, what's going on in your life, your social life? My, so I grew up in the Twin Cities. It's, You know, pretty close by a couple hour drive into Minnesota. So most of my family is in the Twin Cities, so get home when I can. Basically, it's, it's not always easy to get home and see my family, but otherwise, You know, it's when I'm around town here in Fargo, it's, I've got, I am really big into photography, so I'm taking pictures and that's a, You know, obviously you saw the photo that I took.


Yep. I'm taking pictures of the storms and, and then this past summer I got really big into starting to take film photography as well. Oh, okay. I'm just curious, do you ever get together with the other meteorologists? I mean, and is there rivalry? There must be other meteorologists in town from other stations and is there, is there rivalry between you guys? Yeah. Well you've seen fight club, right? Yeah, Sure. I love this already. Yeah, yeah. Well the first two rules is I can't talk about it so. Sure, sure. But I'll let your imagin kind of wrong. Say, Hey Wade, first rule of fight club no is you Don't talk about Fight Club Wade. Make it stop. Make it stop. I'm sorry, I just wanted to put a little Fargo spin on it.


We punch each other and then say sorry. Yeah, sorry, sorry. All right. So sounds like life is good. Do you have a a a question for me? Is there a way I can help you? I'd like to help you Max in any way that I can. I'd like to use what skills I have. I'm a humble man, as you can tell. Says All humble men. Yep. That's a sign of a humble man when they tell you. Yep. Well, I'm gonna, I'm gonna maybe break the rules a little bit. I'm gonna ask two questions 'cause I think you're probably not gonna have a great answer for the first one that I'm probably not gonna use. You have any advice? Okay, Dick advice.


Go ahead. Any advice to kind of spice up? Maybe my on-air weather forecasting. Oh, well first of all, what are you wearing when you do the weather forecasting clothes? No, but come on. What are you wearing? How are you dressed? A suit. You, do you wear a suit? Do you have to wear a suit? Yeah, I mean, you're a young guy and you're, and and times are changing fast and you're working on a local station and you might wanna make a splash, you might wanna jazz it up a little bit. Maybe you want to go with something, I don't know, a little more, You know what I'm saying? Maybe you wanna dress more like you would out on the street or out If you were going to a club. There must be a cool club near you. He said not sure at all that there was, you might Like a shiny shirt, something that pop Or, or whatever you, You know, a hoodie or whatever.


I mean, you've gotta, what you have to do is separate yourself from all the other people in suits that are saying that there's some, an ice storm moving in and it's gonna be cold tomorrow. You've gotta pop. And if that means you get some fashion forward glasses, Allah, Jeff, Goldblum, whatever you've gotta do, you should do. That is, in my opinion, and you said my first answer was gonna blow, but it didn't, it's exactly what you should do. Not that you're not rocking the world right now in your black t-shirt, but lemme tell you something buddy. Boy, If you wanna make it, you've gotta shake things up a little bit. Well, I'm surprised that was, that was surprisingly better than what I thought I was gonna get. Hey, I thought I was gonna be, You know, don't wear pants and underwear, something like that.


No. What am I, I'm not some perv, You know. Well you're the guy chasing earlier, so you're the guy chasing storms around. They probably have a restraining order out against you. The storms have a restraining order. Yeah. It's a tornado that's like, they can talk, they're like the creep as Paper. I'm just trying to do my crying out. I'm just trying to fly some cows around and it's that creep again. And his taking our fix in his van, taking a picture of me. Storm chaser, storm perv. More like it. Alright, max, you get one more question. All right. Conan, when are you coming out going storm chasing with me? Well, not that you don't make it very enticing because you've, 'cause you've, you pretty much explained to me that nothing happens 99% of the time and most of your quips have been in salts.


So I'm coming out right away. Maybe he Has like good snacks in the car while you sit and Wait. I mean, that's the problem is I would go storm chasing with you, but I have a feeling that, how are we gonna time this? When, when is good tornado season? Is it the spring, summer? Yeah, April, may, June. Okay. I'm gonna lock off those three months. I get perfect. I'm gonna get a Best Western in downtown Fargo. I'm gonna walk around going, it's my deal here, Wade. And, and then we'll wait for something to happen and then we'll jump in the, you and I can jump in the van together. I haven't said that in a while. No. Oh, sorry. And fire up the old Doppler.


Is it a 1780? What kind of doppler is it? What do you got there? It's, I got the 1800 model. Those are Fantastic. Those are great. Yeah, just make sure, well, you probably have already looked into it. You gotta use the correct megahertz max. I'm gonna sign off now. It was very nice talking to you. And I like the cut of your jib. You seem like a fine lad. Really think seriously about what I said about changing it up a little bit. Dressing little fashion forward. Separate yourself from the herd is what I'm gonna say. 'cause the rest of that people, people in that station are going down, going down hard. You wanna survive. Okay. You're young and accentuate your youth.


That's what I say to you. I'm a survivor. You're a survivor. Exactly. All right, I think we're good here. Okay. I'm gonna ask you to go and look into some indoor heating if that's possible. Yeah, we'll see. And then maybe we'll see About that. Some, some people like a cold. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not One of them. Nope. Not at all. Not at all. I think it's good to have, especially in Fargo, probably some kind of heating because the alternative is, is death max. I hope you survive the winter and I sincerely doubt you will. So do I. Yeah. But if not, I'll come by when we'll chop you up into slices and use, use chunks of your flesh to cool our drinks Max. Good to tell My family I love them. Well, I don't know them and I'm not sure you do.


Max. I'm ending this. I tried. I've tried several times to end it. And I just want you to say, and I, if we go out on one thing, it's, it's my deal here, Wade. Oh my God. Thanks Matt. Hi, max. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer, Aren Blair, associate talent producer, Jennifer Samples, associate producers, Sean Doherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo


Perez. Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan. Please rate review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wherever fine podcasts are down,


Watching Clorox cleanup, spray dissolve tough. Grime in the shower feels like, Wait, This really just happened. Oh, I'm shocked. Underwear and everything. It feels like being able to zip up your overpack suitcase on the first try. Smooth With Clorox. Clean feels satisfying. Clean feels good. Use is directed.


I've never felt like this before. It's like you just get me. I feel like my true self with you. Does that sound crazy? And it doesn't hurt that you are gorgeous. Okay. That's it. I'm taking you home with me. I mean, you can't find shoes this good just anywhere. Find a shoe for every you from brands you love. Like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at your DSW store or dsw.com.