
You wanna watch your favorite TV shows and movies on a TV whose clarity, color, and contrast really shines through. You need Samsung ed? Yeah. No, it's not some Swedish monster. It's Ed. Let's Samsung Ole Mercy with unbelievable details and picture quality. Their AI powered processor. Upskills your favorite movies and shows in brilliant 4K resolution. So even old content looks amazing, and our podcast has never looked better. I've seen my podcast in Samsung. oled, my face comes out through the screen. Oh, I'm there with you. Don't be afraid. That's what I really look like. This is the only OLED TV validated by the industry leading color experts at Pantone. So you can experience colors as they're meant to be seen. They know colors at Pantone. One of my big pet peeves when watching TV is glare. I hate glare. I hate it too. Yeah. I have to wear sunglasses sometimes when I'm watch tv. But the oled, that doesn't make sense. S nine five D has OLED glare free technology so you can watch with almost no glare. You know, I'm a big gamer. I love me games. Yeah, I love my games. I love Sizzle Busters. I love playing Cosel Sizzle. Coel Sizzle. Oh, I'm really good at that one. And I got to level nine. I visited the planet of Jabali. That's why I'm excited that the Samsung OLEDs Motion Accelerator delivers ultra smooth 144 hertz motion. And the AI Auto Game Motel is your game settings to its genre. My video game skills, I've never looked better experience to be the way it's meant to be seen with Samsung oled. Visit samsung.com/ed to learn more. Upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experience may vary according to types of content and format.


Sonic has embraced a new harmony of textures and flavors with the latest burger, creating a completely different experience introducing the Sonic Smasher. Yeah, check this out. It has two Angus beef seasoned patties, smashed and seared, crispy on the edge and juicy in the middle. That's layered with two slices of melty American cheese, a signature creamy and tangy smasher sauce, crinkle cut pickles, diced onions, and served on a pillowy soft potato bun. Hmm. guess what? Sonic is going to be sending us these smashed burgers. Ah, yeah. Yeah. You excited about that? I love Sonic and I. do The idea of burgers that have been smashed together. Probably using some sophisticated cyclotron that fires the two patties at each other. Yeah. A thousand miles a second to create a whole new patty. I can't wait to try that. Try the Sonic Smasher today. Live Free Eat Sonic. All patties are proudly hand smashed by Sonic's dedicated team of Grow masters. No cyclotrons are used in the making of the Sonic Smasher.


Hi, my name is Uzo Aduba. And I. Feel interested in being Conan O'Brien's friend. Huh? Fall here. Back to school. Ring Bell shoes. Walking. loose the fence. I can be friends. Hey there and Welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. A podcast where I'm joined, as always by my bosom buddies.


Son of obsession. Hi, Matt Corley. Hi. Nice to see you both. It's nice to see you too. Yeah. Let me ask you guys a quick question. When you, why Did you Laugh. I hate doing left when you travel. Yeah. Do you do things to make sure you don't get sick? No. No. You don't really do anything. Right. Do you still what? What do you mean? Like, do I wear a mask and stuff or do I take vitamin Vitamins? C do you take sanitize or do you wipe down the seat? No. Do you do all that kind of stuff? Don don't. don Don't. 'cause when I see people do that now, I think I should probably probably be doing that too. but I don't do it. And then I go a step further. I put my mouth and my tongue on the seat. Oh No. Yeah. Just 'cause aisles on the seat. If it's on, if it's an aisle seat, it tastes good.


I don't know why. It has a cool what it just an aisle seat? The armrest. It has like a sl of minty, but also is a little bit of Mm. What is that? Is that pork? What? Minty pork. What Are you, are you a seed sniffer? Totally. Oh No, it's not sniffer. I won't stand for that. You're a seed LI think those people are sick. I lick and slobber The armrest. Do you Ever soil the seed or you're just, You're just No, what are you talking about? Oh, I'm sorry to insult you. No, That's disgusting. No, no. I think what I do is a very, in its own way, kind of classy. I've heard of ait sniff through a friend Of mine. I asked this for a reason. Yeah. Which is that she like Knew someone who did It, who did what He sniffed seats Did. Did she find out she catch that person or did they confide?


They had a camera set up. What I know. This is not, this is What off somewhere? No, it's not Off. No, this is, yeah. He, they, they, they like noticed something was off. This was at their house. How then they do you mean? They like left the room and they left a camera rolling and the guy just like sniffed seats. Okay. Okay. When they left the Room, I have like 15 questions in a row. And It's not even like a, he like dug his nose in. What? Okay. And. it was just like, ugh. Okay. Hold on a second. A lot of questions. When they said they noticed something was off. Yeah. Yeah. Did they notice that he had like a cushion from the couch hanging out of his nose?


And he's like, yeah, so you guys might wanna leave the room now. Oh my God. I know. Why is that bolster cushion hanging out your your nostril? Seriously? They noticed something was up. You don't know what they noticed. I Know. He was like a weird friend. Say And I. Think he was like a friend of a friend. So When they set the camera up, they didn't know what they would find. It's not that they Had no idea, but like, things like chairs would've were like weirdly placed. Things were weird. Weird also. And they were like, this guy's, this guy's a little Off. Maybe the imprint of his face was in the couch cushion. God I. do you know what I mean? Yeah. Upside down every cushion was like the shroud of turn. Yes. I was gonna say it's like, yeah. Like A Roman death mask. Yeah. Yeah. They just, they just saw this face, this death mask perfectly imprinted on their couch.


Yeah. Seat sniffing. I never even think about that. Yeah. But now that, now that you hear, well, now I'm like, what was I doing? Why am I licking the armrest on the aisle seats? Oh. When I could be sniffing the seats. Yeah. No. None of that appeals to me. No. The reason I did ask Brave stance, the reason I did ask is that one of our guests recently Rashida Jones. Right. I was chatting with her and she was talking to me about, we were talking about travel And. I said, you know, I travel a lot for these max travel shows and I'm always catching a bug. Yeah. I just, I get run down. The hours we shoot are really long. I'm on all these planes. I shake a lot of hands and she gave me a list of things that I should bring with me when I travel.


And it's the most comp, it's a very long list. Oh. Of all kinds of stuff. Including like a copper, a a piece of copper that you put in your nose that I think kills bacteria. Oh. I don't know. And the reason I bring it up is that my wife is really into this too. Liza's really into, yeah. She reads up about home remedies and ways that you can, you know, keep bacteria at bay or boost your immune system. She's always drinking various special herbal teas at night. Ugh. I don't do that. But does like, when you go to a hotel, 'cause I've heard the remote control is the dirtiest part of the, of the hotel. Right? Do you, does she like, wipe that down before you Guys use it? I use remote control to stir my cocoa.


I'm like, I'm gonna stir this up. I guess I'll use the old remote. They'll say there's a spoon right there. I like the remote better. Are you a remote sniffer? I'm a remote sniffer. I don't think there's enough immunity stuff in the world to stop you from getting sick Because you've traveled with me all over. I always get a cold or something. Yeah. Nothing that bad. Nothing that bad. I just get But. It's not because if you're immune system, 'cause I actually think you have a pretty good immune system. It's because you're talking to everybody. Yeah. You're like close and everyone's like breathing on each other and then you just shoot for hours. Yeah. And then you like are, you know, I push it a little bit. I don't, there's So much any homeopathic cure for that kind of thing. You're just too much in contact. What's called, if I had self-esteem?


Oh. I think what Rashida should have done is said, oh, they also make self-esteem in a pill. Oh, you could have that. Yeah. But no, I appreciated a lot of her stuff looked really good. I just think you're right. I'm, I will talk to everybody. I'll get like two hours of sleep. Yeah. The whole time. I'm not licking the, the aisle armrest, but I'm, I'm talking to people very close. I'm just thinking Hugging when the like apocalyptic plague finally comes. You're gonna bring it to the States. I think it's gonna be you, you. Oh, you're patient. Zero. Zero. I'll be patient. Zero. You Patrick Dempsey in Contagion or whatever that was. Oh yeah. Wait, What a weird reference. I know no one really knows Outbreak.


Outbreak. Yeah. What a weird reference. Yeah. Sona Sona. What? You just, yeah. What I just corrected you wasnt that, wasn't it Outbreak? You're right. But how weird have he bringing that? Who else is in that? So he's Patient Zero Says that. Yeah. And then Justin Hoffman was in it. Renee Russo. That movie Kevin Face like traumatized me a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. Morgan Freeman. Yeah. Donald Sutherland. Yeah. A movie that prophesizes a worldwide outbreak. Good thing that never happened, happened, happened, happened, happened, happened, happened, happened. Wha it's the beginning of a rock song. That's a good idea. Well, I think, I think what we learned is that nothing I do will help me. Okay. When I travel. Right.


Yeah. So Nothing will help you. So Sona runs in a circle of seats. Sniffers. Yeah. That I wanna know. I love people. That's what I wanna hear more about. I've never done that. I've never set up, you know, a a camera in a room because I suspected something. I should start doing that. Yeah. God forbid someone does it to me. Here are some four cameras in this room right now. Wait, there are cameras in here? Yes. Oh no. I come in here at at night a lot. I Mean, just the idea that like, he's like, everyone's gone. It's time to sniff some seats and Did. you guys just step outta the room for I I wasn't there. This is like something I heard, but Yeah, yeah, yeah. They, they like strategically left him alone in the room. And then And what are they doing? They're just waiting while he sniffs seats. I think They're just like giving it a minute and then they went back and like, you know, he was like, everything's cool.


I wasn't doing Anything. Oh. Didn't quickly get back in Position. Yeah. And then wasn't until Sneak sniffing here Later when they did I say sneak sniffing? Yeah. No, no. Sneak sniffing here. That's how nervous he is. No sneak sniffing Here. Gonna say it makes You seem a little guilty. No, no, no, no. Sneak sniffing. No, no sneak sniffing here. You never know. Someone can be sniffing these seats. Oh no. You don't know. Good luck to them. Why? Good luck. No, not good luck to them. Why is that? Good luck to them. We're always in the same seat. I I move between these two Seats. You Yeah. You move between seats. But this seat right here, mark, that's pure Conan. That territory is marked. Come on.


Come on. I would go fully spread. You know what? Honestly, if I was gonna sniff a seed, I'd sniff whichever one Ted Danson always sits in. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Is it Conant? Oh No. Yeah. but you know what? don don't wanna say whatever. Whatever, whatever cool. Beautiful, amazing aura scent that he has. I've ruined it with my old potato scent. Is it weird? I just said that. No, no, Not at all. Okay. No, not at all. I mean, if it was genders were reversed, you'd be a creep. That's true. But you'll get away with Murder All. right. My guest today is an Emmy award-winning actress who starred as Crazy Eyes on the hit Netflix series. Orange is the New Black. She now has a new memoir titled The Road Is Good. How A Mother's Strength Became A Daughter's Purpose.


I, I'm thrilled she's here today. Uzo Aduba. Welcome. Can I just tell like a really quick story? Sure. Okay. The reason why I'm interested is being Fred is because the first time I did your show, it was the first time someone made me feel completely comfortable. I'd always been so nervous. Wow. Yeah. I'd always been so nervous on like television and like, don don't know, just nervous. Like, it was so new to me generally. And I just felt like relaxed. I felt like you were really listening and genuinely interested in what was going on.


And I just felt like myself. Well that's, I'm interested in being, coming over access. That's Nice. I like that. No, I mean, I'm glad you had that experience and that was always what I was aiming for, was to just tell people, it's just me. This isn't a big deal where we're hanging out and then there happens to be some lights and cameras here. But I'm glad you, you felt comfortable and you told me just now in the Green Room that that was, there was a strange series of events. 'cause it was your first time doing my show Yes. On late night and you had to leave and go directly from there to the White House. Is that right? Yes.


Correct. So it was like this like crazy, you know, like mix of events coming into place. And one of them was, I had the exciting experience of getting to be on a Conan show. And then the next day I'd been invited to the White House for the African Summit dinner. There'd been a summit all week there in DC at the White House by President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama, which was like massive, like mind blowing. Yeah. And both was like, And I was, I'm such a fan of your show too.


I was like, oh my God, this is so wild. We're gonna be on the Conan O'Brien, you know? No, It really is. No, it really is two events of equal importance. No, No, seriously, it's like late night appearance with Conan and that, you know, is here and then right there on the same level, The African Conference, which by the way, I was not Invited to again. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Yes. Anyway, it Was uncomfortable. Everyone There was like, why isn't Conan here? This isn't right.


You know what's so crazy? Which is, I'm, I'm just curious what your feeling was going in and, and meeting the Obamas at the White House because it's, they are very good at making people feel comfortable. Do you know what I mean? Oh yeah. They'll, they'll, and especially First Lady Obama was, and, and since then, in the few in, in the interactions that we've had, she just, she calls it as she sees it, she's just very easy to talk to. A thousand percent. Like don don't know how somebody can simultaneously match the level of the office and the esteem and the elegance. Yeah. And the sophistication and importance of an office while simultaneously making you feel like you're just coming in to their, you know, den or something.


Yeah, yeah. You know, and just coming to pay a quick little visit. You came from around the corner, which I absolutely did not But. it was amazing. And honestly, I think I can count it, you know, now, you know, I've had a baby And I since gotten married. So those are incredible days. but I guess tied with that was like the best day of my life because I brought my mom with me. And that was like the first question. I was like, can I bring my mom? You know? And they're like, yes, you can bring it. I was like, that's happening. And my mom, who was just, that was her president, she kept always be like, my president, my president Obama. That's how she would always say, you know, and she loves them.


And I did too. And that was the first president that I'd ever like stumped for and canvased for sure. And gave like the $10 they had, you know, like struggling actor, you know, whatever. And. I. Just remember walking up to meet them. And I'm gonna do a terrible President Obama, but he is like, hello And. I was like, hi, how are you? He is, I was like, my name's Zo. He's like, I know who you are. And I was like, what? And then he was like, who's this And I you owe the federal government $3,000 and back Texas. That's why you're here today. I, that's what he's focused on. Yeah, exactly. And then he was like, who's this And? it was my mom And.


it was just wild because I was like my mom shaking his hand. And honestly you guys, I was like, my family's from Nigeria. Both my parents immigrated, you know, tough stories. Yeah. Some humble, humble, humble beginnings. And I was just like looking at my mom. I was like, this woman from bui in a state in the country of Nigeria is now in the White House in a single generation of living in this country. Yeah. And I was like, this is, this is the top. It doesn't, I don't think it gets better Than that. Well that's what, that's the American story at, at its at its best. You know, there's, there are many American stories, but at its best it's someone can come from Nigeria and in their lifetime have children and then go with one, one of those children's invited as an honored guest of the president because of what they've made happen on their own with the help of their family, whatever.


Yeah. But yeah. Yeah. But, but in the arts, whatever. Yeah. That's, that's the idea. It's funny 'cause we are talking today about your book, which is about to come out and it's called The Road is Good and the Road is Good is the translation of what your name means. Yeah. In Nigerian. Is that right? Yes. So my tribe at Nibo, my tribe, it means the road is good and, and what it really, even more like nuanced means, it means the journey was hard. But. it was worth it. Yeah. That's cool. So yeah. And it's like you would say that aka like say you were coming to visit my house and you know, you're running late and then you're stopped in traffic.


Yeah. And then there's rain all over the road and you know, there's a pile up and you know, what was snow suddenly here in Los Angeles, I know, you know, all of it. And then you get there like tired and wet and drained and like I opened the door and I'm like, Hey, how was the journey? And you'd say, you know, it was hard But, it was worth it. 'cause I'm here now and that's what, that's Beautiful. That your name means that. Thanks. You know, Conan is Gaelic for the face is wide Any basis. Well both of those are very true.


Both contain a beautiful truth. Yes. I've got a fat Irish face, but we both come from It's you're from Medfield, Massachusetts. Yes. And. I was telling you I was in Massachusetts yesterday. I came back last night, I had a gig, a performance that I did in Rhode Island. And then I went up north to see my parents and my, my, my brothers and my sister and there in Massachusetts. So I was just there. And I'm thinking we probably have similarities in the way that we grew up in Massachusetts. Sure. Yes. And I am also imagining big differences.


And you talk about this in your book. You're growing up in Medfield, mass. Yes. And are you the only black student in your area? Or Did you feel Did you feel like you, you were an alien that had dropped onto another planet or Did you feel comfortable At times. An alien and then at times comfortable. I mean, first of all, a yes, outside of my siblings, yes. I was like the only one, you know, there were two others in my entire school, you know, so there was a level of it that was comfortable because that's all I knew. Having grown up there, you know, I was used to it then. But then there's moments that happen as you mature and you grow and you start to notice like the absence of you that you're wondering why, why am I the only person here?


Like where is everybody else? You know? Like how come I only see them on the weekends when I go to these Ebo meetings with my family? Or just even like in smaller things, you know, I would watch, I remember there was one year Disney, you know, the Wonder world of Disney, like May on Sundays would do their movies and they had done an adaptation of Pollyanna and all black adaptation called Poll And. It was with Felicia Rashad. It's amazing by the way, if you've never seen it. I love it. I have it on DVD to this day. It's called Polly with Felicia, Rashad, Keisha and Napoleon and Brian Adams, who was like my first like crush. And I. Remember getting excited because my friends at school, we'd always watch all the like movies, whatever.


Sure. Yeah. And then I came one day ready to talk about Polly and nobody had seen it. Yeah. And I was like, how Did you miss this genius work that just came up, you know? But that just wasn't on the radar. So those were the moments where you started to notice the gaps? Yeah, I noticed the gaps, you know, or like talking about hair or braids or moments where people, you know, I'd have like my hair out and then have braids the next day and they'd be like, how did your hair grow so fast? And I was like, I don't know how, you know, I just realized that there was a different understanding of culture. Sure. I would think. Yeah. 'cause you, you talk in the book, which congratulations, by the way. It's an amazing story.


Thank you. And it's a beautiful story because you're really writing this. It's your story, but it's also a tribute to your mom who passed in 2020. Yeah. You know, one of the first things that I clocked when I was reading the book is your mom, she died too early, but she got to see all your success. That's right. And to me, that's the big blessing. Yes. She got to see your, your crazy success because it was a long road for you. And, but I was, I was watching or noticing in the early part of the book. You're talking about how you really didn't, you were uncomfortable with your name. 'cause people had a hard time pronouncing it.


That's right. So you told your mom, you were thinking of changing it to Zoe. Zoe, Yeah. And your mom had this genius response she Had and she was ready, you know, it was in the kitchen. I had a teacher and fra, you know, who just would never say it right. And was like, so, you know, tough and you just wanna blend in when you're a kid. You don't wanna like stand out for anything. I didn't anyway, when I was little and I remember coming home and she's in the kitchen, And I was like, mommy. And she's like, eh, And I was like, can you call me Zoe? And she was cooking and she stopped and she's like, why And? I was like, because they can't say. And without skipping a beat, my mother was like, and mic.


And she just went back to cooking And. it was like the end of it. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Mic, Mic drop Mic dropped a total mic drop. Yeah. And she had been through it before. I have an older siblings. My older sister, she, her name is Omi. She wanted to be called Tony, you know, and like, well that's Just con that's just confusing. The same Hey Tony. And she'd already said the same thing to her. You know, she, and, and what she was really just like establishing right there at the door was, who you are is okay is enough. And everybody better get used to it. Good. God bless.


There's nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you. Check this out. That's nice. Whether you're going on a weekend getaway to the mountains, or let's say you're on a dream vacation, or in my case a work trip to Thailand. It's just fantastic. Let me explain. It starts the moment you take off with free in-flight wifi. So you can stream your favorite show on the go. I mean, that's incredible. That is actually pretty sweet. I love that. I mean, that's insane. I'm always there with my credit card. You know, I can't figure it out. I lose the credit card. Yeah. The phone is stolen. Someone punches me. You start crying. I cry a lot when you land T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands and an upgrade to Hilton Honors Silver Plus you're covered with five gigabytes. Five gigabytes. That's more than four of high speed data in over 215 countries and destinations with the go 5G plus or next plans. These are just a few of the perks that feel like big wins when you travel with T-Mobile And it, it's nice to stay connected to your family. I travel a lot, I do these travel shows. And if I'm filming another country, I know I can get to my family right away. Yeah. They usually don't wanna speak to me. But they have to. They screen your calls a lot, don't they? I suspect them of screening. Yes. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel today. Qualifying plan required wifi were available on select US Airlines registration and Hilton Honors membership required for Hilton Honors Silver terms and conditions apply


As a B2B marketer. You know how noisy the ad space can be. Yeah. If your message isn't targeted to just the right audience, it just disappears into the noise. Like throwing a little piece of popcorn into the sun. It's gone. It's hard to B2B these days. Exactly. With LinkedIn ads, you can precisely reach the professionals who are more likely to find your ad relevant. Not just going to anybody targeted. Yeah. With LinkedIn's targeting capabilities, you can reach them by job title, industry company, and more you'll have direct access to and build relationships with decision makers. A billion members. Hello. 180 million senior level executives and 10 million C level executives. That's insane. Yeah. Stand out with LinkedIn ads and start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. You know what B2B means? No business to business. Oh yeah. It's not two Bs meeting each other. Oh. It's not like little B and another little B. It's B2B. Nope. Business to business. Start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. They'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash Team Coco to claim your credit. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Team. Coco terms and conditions apply LinkedIn the place to be to be.


This message is brought to you by BetterHelp. What's something you'd love to learn as an adult? Do you take time to learn new things as often as you'd like? Or was that kind of lost in childhood? I think a lot of people think once they're out of adolescence, they're not really learning anymore. I know, it's kind of sad. Yeah. Well as you know, kids are always learning and growing, but as adults sometimes we feel like we've lost that curiosity and it's, it's just a muscle. You just have to exercise it. Yeah. So sometimes you'd be surprised. You can get into gardening, you can learn a new language, you can pick up a sport. There are all these things that make you feel like you can expand your horizons a little bit. Well therapy can help you reconnect with your sense of wonder. It really can because your Back to school era can come at any age. And talking to somebody can really help you connect with that sense of optimism, enthusiasm. And I'm a big believer if you're thinking of starting therapy, I suggest giving BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online. It's designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. You just fill out a brief questionnaire, you get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist any time for no additional charge. And that's key. I think a lot of people get self-conscious about seeing a therapist. 'cause they think if it doesn't work out, how do I extricate myself? That is not the case with BetterHelp. Rediscover your curiosity with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Conan today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp. HEL p.com/ Conan.


You were good student, great athlete. You were interested, you were, I mean you very serious figure skater. Yes. For years and years. Yes. And you were interested in going to the Olympics and you had a lot of ability and then your parents come to you and say, we, we can't afford this anymore. Yeah. You know, I'm one of five kids and you know, we had a pretty humble upbringing and ready, there were two of my siblings were in college. And. it was just, it's a figure. Skating is a very, very expensive sport for people who don't know. You know, there's skates and ice time and coaches fees, choreography, costumes.


Travel adds up. My parents were doing the best they could, you know, to keep up. But as the hours were growing and just in that year when I had to stop, my coach at the time had said, you know, she actually needs to skate more, put in more hours and you know, we can see where this goes. And at that point my parents were already, you know, pretty stretched thin. And they were all like, my mom sat me down at a competition and she was like, this is gonna be the last one. This will be the last one. She's like, we can't afford it anymore. This is like a college education. You know, we, we don't have it. And it was tough at the time, you know, as a kid you don't have that same understanding.


And I didn't have the level of understanding or maybe even an appreciation on some level of what had already been expensed and sacrificed for me. But when I look back on it now and think about it, I'm like, wow. You know, there was skating, there was violin, there was cello, there was ballet, there was hockey. There were so many things that my parents saw when they came to this America as my mom would always say that as opportunities and exposures and experiences that just did not exist Holy, holy did not exist for them as kids. That it was like, wow. They did everything they could. They stretched it to the line. Yep. To try and make it happen for their kids.


And just give them a, a taste. Even if they had to. They couldn't serve you the whole meal. You know, they wanted to give you just a taste of what this, the possibility of America. Also, I have this theory that good work is never wasted. Yes. So if you at a young age for many years, work very hard on figure skating and the training and the dedication and repetitive honing of a certain skill over and over and over again is an amazing thing to learn. And that's gonna be with you. Clearly you take that because that doesn't work out. But then you get interested in theater and you apply that to acting. And so all hard work is preparation for something else.


It doesn't, people get too literal and think, oh, that was all wasted. Because you're not a professional. You're not an Olympic Yes. Figure skating champion. Yes. No. Yes. That all went into something else. A hundred thousand percent. Like having played, done track, done track and field as well. And figure skated like for so long, which are individual sports for the most part. You know, like self-Motivating is something that I've learned since I'm five. You know what I mean? Good head talk. Being able to like talk my head into doing something that I wanna achieve. Because you have to do that for the three and a half, four minutes on the ice. You know, you have to develop a good head talk. You have to develop a good head talk when you're on the blocks running track to get your mind in the place that needs to be to achieve.


And listen, guess what if that's not true for me. I have a daughter now. I can shove these dreams under her. So Joking. I'm joking Kidding. Sort of. No, not Really. You just be a total tiger mom. You know, it's crazy. It's, and it's this part of the book that is, is hard to believe. But you're doing theater and you're auditioning, auditioning, auditioning, auditioning, trying to get these different roles and you're getting by. But a huge part of auditioning is disappointment. Disappointment. So you audition for Orange is the New, Black haven't heard back yet.


And you decide, I think I'm out. I think I'm done. So you decided more or less to quit. Yes. Then you get the phone call. Is that correct? That is A hundred percent correct. And. it was also, by the way, the first time I'd ever quit. Yeah. I have never quit anything before And. I was And I never quit. This more specifically acting. I had, you know, doubted. I have questioned, I have been exhausted, but I've never in my mind been like, I'm done. And it was a Friday. And I was just wasted. You know, I had been auditioning for film and television the whole summer.


Well, exclusively, I saw my bank account like disappearing Gone pretty much. And just kept hearing No. After, no, after no And I had made it up in my mind. I was on Monday, gonna call my agent and call my manager and tell them that I was going to go to law school. I'm good. The Ultimate humiliation And cheap. Exactly right. But I now. Yeah. I Was like, can you imagine there are lawyers listening right now? They're Like, damn it. I Had hung in another day.


Yeah. Right. but I did. I was like, legit. That was what I was gonna do. I called my sister Chichi. I ordered some wine, I ordered some sushi, and we were gonna be a, like an I'm out party. And then 5:45 PM on the nose. Oh, And I. I, my phone rang And. it was my team saying, hi, how are you? I was like, I'm good, how are you? And they're like, remember that audition you went on for that show? Orange is a new Black And. I was like, yeah. And they're like, you remember the part you went out for? 'cause it was a different part. I was like, yeah, I remember. And they're like, well, you didn't get it. I was like, I'm leaving at the right time now that agents are calling you to tell you when you don't get jobs.


This is a new part of our service, but you failed. And we wanna talk about it for like 40 minutes. And I was like, okay. They were like, but they'd like to offer you another role. And I was like, wow. And. it was, I'd never done anything on tv. It was wild. And I was just like, this is crazy. And I And I definitely did not know at all. For real. For real, for real, for real, for real. That that was going to change my life in anyway. It knew that it kept me in, you know? Yeah. Like, but I had no idea that it was gonna do anything.


You Talk about this in the book, so you, you get their role of Crazy Eyes. And the time between you getting that role. I think it's within, within a year, maybe less, between getting that role and sitting at the Emmy's nominated. Yes. When you hear your name Yes. As the winner. Yes. That's, That's Crazy. Yeah. That's fantastic. And who gives you the Emmy? Morgan Freeman. Oh my god. Morgan Freeman. It was wild. I was like walking up there. And I was like, for some reason, listing like his resume. And I was like, glory, Bruce Almighty.


I was like driving the, you know what I mean? Shing redemption a favorite. Like, I was just like going, yeah. It's like, this guy's amazing. Yeah. And he was just handing it to you. We started talking about the lifecycle of the penguin. No more again. No. Yeah. but I mean, it's such a funny thing about this business, but talk about famine and then feast. It's just, there are long periods or stretches of disappointment and misery. And then I, I'm always reminded of, there's this movie that was made, I believe in the, in the 1950s and it's one of the later Humphrey Bogart movies. Humphrey Bogart, Catherine Hepburn. It's a great movie called The African Queen.


And it's about the, they're basically, it takes place in the beginning of World War I. And they're trying to make their way down this river because this, they have this idea that to accomplish this mission together. And they're in this tiny little boat and it's impossible odds. And they're going and they're going and they're going. And then finally, and John Houston directed this movie. It's brilliant. And, and they, there's this scene that just resonates with me so many times where the river has gotten really low. And so Humphrey Bogart is pulling them through the river and he is covered in leeches. And then finally the weeds just get too thick. And they feel like we'll never get to the main river. We're gonna die here. And they resign that it's over, and they get back in the boat and he takes the leches off of them, peels 'em off, and then they just cover under a blanket and they've lost.


And the camera pans up and you can see that they're about 20 feet from the river. Mm. That always hits me. That has happened to me so many times in my life where I didn't know how close I was. And what happens is overnight it rains and their boat just floats onto the river. Mm. but I think about that, just that image a lot, which is you got close to saying, well, this isn't gonna happen. And if you could pan up, you'd say like, no, no, no. You are. Yeah. Yeah. You Are at seconds. Yeah. Yeah. Seconds. Yeah. From being there. Yeah. You just didn't know I a needed that message. B, thank you. Yes. Like I, I, I didn't, I really didn't like, I felt like all the time that I had put into this thing that I loved And I love it.


You know? Yeah. Like I really love it. I love it still, you know, and to not feel like I could do like would get was getting to do it. You know what I mean? Yeah. Was really tough to wrestle with and make pace with And. I didn't want my And, I've said this since the beginning. I'm like, the minute and I do mean the exact minute that I no longer enjoy this, I will go find something else to do. And I was just feeling like this fear and this, this, this, this worry really that I was not going, I couldn't love this. This idea of just trying to make something happen that maybe God, the universe or energy, whatever we're calling it was telling me very clearly, like, no, this is not for me.


And then, you know, when that happened, it made me think of that quote from The Godfather. It's like, just when I thought I was out, they pulled me back in, you know? Yeah. And I tried to get out And. it was like, no, you're supposed to be doing this. It came like right in the minute that I needed it to happen. Like I said, And, it gave, it was not something that I had any expectation of other than the two to three episodes that I was asked to come on to do. Yeah. And that felt like enough. Yeah. When I got them too. Like when I did two episodes, I was like, that was enough. And they're like, we we're gonna see you back. I was like, oh my gosh, I'm gonna get to do that third episode. Awesome. You know what I mean? Like And I was cool with that, you know, it was like And. it was totally enough. And then it became more than enough.


And I was like, wow. Right. Like just blown away. Then what really happens in the show Bizz Cycle is then nothing becomes enough. What you call this first class, I can't lie down completely. It Is, there is a sick thing. I've, I've witnessed God blessed That it's never happened to me. More tea, please. The, and then later you get, you get to, you play Shirley Chisholm, just this great historic character.


Yeah. And you get an Emmy for that as well. Wild. And, and it's just, and like I say, it's, when it starts to rain, it really pours. I mean to me, because so much of this book is about your mom and getting strength from your mom and perspective from your mom and reading your mom's journals and re going back and reading after she passed her journals. And there's a part where you're reading her journal and she's, she's writing in her journal. You didn't know this at the time, but man, I'm really worried about who So don don't know that she's gonna make it. Yeah. And she would, you know, leave food and put food in your refrigerator. Yeah. Like she, after I'd moved, you know, I'm reading these true story, like reading these journals and it's like, she's in, in there just like constantly, you know, like this path that I've chosen.


She's like praying the thing. I think she prayed every night. Like, she's like, I pray every night and ending her joke. She's like, that Zo, I'm worried about Zo. She never calls me unless she needs money. She called today And. I gave her what I had, you know? And it's like she stressed out. She would come up the first time she came when I moved to New York, And, I didn't have anything. I was waiting tables. I didn't have anything in my fridge. And she was like, what? Where, where is your food? And I was like, you know, I just eat at work. It's fine. You know, like they give a prem meal. I don Dunno if any of you guys waited tables, you know, like prem meal, they give you prem meal there. I was like, they gimme prem meal there. And so I eat that and you know, in the morning I just have like a little oatmeal or like some couple of hard boiled eggs.


That's fine. And right before she's leaving, she took me to the stop and shop in. So I was in Queens. She took me to the Stop and Shop over there in Sunnyside, a store on the Astoria Line, which is a big grocery store. And she was like, get whatever you want. And. I was like, no, I'm fine. And she's like, whatever you want. And she like would come and either bring food from home or like, help me stock up my fridge. 'cause she was like, I can't do much, but I can do this. You know? And would just like, you know, contribute in that way. And I'm forever grateful. My mom was an amazing lady. I just need to go on record as having said that. She was not a good mother. She was an excellent mother.


Well, I mean, that's such a big part of this book, talking about that. You said your mom was very not a tall woman. She's like five feet tall. Yeah. But she seemed really tall to you. Huge. She was a giant to me my whole life in my child memory and probably 'cause I'm like two feet, but I'm like looking up at her, you know what I mean? Like And I don't think it was until well, well, well adulthood that I realized it was like, you are like, not only are you not tall, you are actually short. Like, you know, like you, you're small. But she had, She was wearing incredibly like high platform. She got these Elton John shoes.


That's right. The Elton John estate sale. That's right. Right. That's right. She wore them to intimidate. Took them off when we were all, you know, like she, yeah, she was that and like, but she was like spunky and like had such a big personality and like, you know, I was trying to be, I'm the big, big personality too in my house. And like, you know, would talk and be like, no, we need to do it this way. My mom's like, number one comment to me all the time was Ong, there's only one captain on this ship. And you're looking at that. That's like her go-to one.


But so she interesting. 'cause you talk about so much, people always think they need to change or mold themselves to make it. When sometimes, for example, you, you know, like the way that you said I wanted, I was interested, you were interested in changing your name when you were younger, you were interested. Or you had people tell you early on in acting, you've got this gap in your teeth. You should probably do something about that. And there are a lot of people who go through these cosmetic changes to try and fit into something that someone else thinks they should fit into. Yeah. But now that whole idea just seems crazy. It does.


And I can't imagine if I had done that, you know, frankly for me, you know, there were so many pictures of me when I look at myself as a small kid, I just did not smile. 'cause I was so conscious of my gap. I'd do this like, you know, closed mouth smile. My mom would always be like, smile, smile, smile. And then my senior year, I had a photographer for my senior yearbook portrait. You know, when you get your senior pictures, it's like the fancy one. Yep. Like, Yep. Right. So we had like the outside guy come and like do the like yearbook picture and you know, like every time we'd be talking I'd be smiling. And then as soon as he picked up the camera to shoot, I'd close my mouth and not smile.


And he's just like, why do you keep doing that? You know? What's that about And? I was like, I don't like my smile. And he was like, really? I think you have a beautiful smile. Oh, nice. And I didn't smile in that picture, but I did. Immediately the rest of that school year start smiling. And even now when I walk on carpets and I'm supposed to give, you know, like face or whatever, I find myself wanting to smile. And it's 'cause I wanna be like, make up for these lost smiles. Yeah. You know, And I feel like it's such an i an identifier for who I am. And you know, like if I change that, you know, like that's so much of my ancestry in this space between my teeth.


It's who I am. It's the, it's the smile my aunt has. It's the smile my great aunt had, you know, it's, it's a smile. So many of my cousins have, we call it my mother's maiden name. Ku Gap. You know, And I would've taken a piece of myself away. Yeah. You know, and now I just wear it proudly. And when asked to take it out in the beginning of my career, I had a choice. And there was an early part of my life when I wanted to really fit in and thought taking away the parts of me that made me unique would make me better. Yep. And at this stage of my life, when I was approached with this idea of closing my gap, I really understood that the parts of myself that made me unique are actually what make me better.


Yeah. Yeah. And it's just, It takes a little bit of living to figure that out. For sure. Especially when you're, I had this experience where Mike Wallace, the great, wow. You know, like journalist and host of 60, kind of the, one of the lead hosts of 60 Minutes, he was on our show once, and this has been much commented on, I'm not just white, I'm translucent, I go beyond white. I'm a whole other thing. And a side effect of one of that is that I have this vein underneath my eye that you can kind of see. And I remembered I was doing a, you know, talking to the great Mike Wallace and we're having this interview and then I say, okay, well, you know, we'll take a break.


We have more with Mike Wallace right after this, bam bam. And Mike Wallace just takes his finger and he reaches over and he puts it on the vein underneath my eye. And he said, what are you going to do about that? Jesus, now Jesus. And the thing is, I wa he wasn't being mean. He was, yes. He was. Well, no, I, I I know. Listen, listen, I I I have a lot of respect for Mike Wallace and, and he was very nice to me. What he was kind of doing was just saying like, as a guy who'd been in broadcasting since the 1940s or fifties, he was kind of just saying, oh yeah, that's something you're gonna, you know, you're, 'cause I was, early in my career, he was probably saying like, oh yeah, so what's, what do we do about that?


Is there a kind of makeup you can put on or something? Or can you get, get rid of it? And I thought, well, it, it is, I think it's supplying blood to my brain. So I could just see going to a surgeon and having it removed and I'm just like, welcome to whole section of the speaking part of my occipital lobe is gone. But man, his eyes look good. Yeah, exactly. But yeah, I just remembered thinking lobotomy, there are all these things about me. I was, you know, I had a weird name growing up and looked a little different and wasn't sure where I fit in. I'm, I'm like an Irish Catholic kid, but I don't really like sports.


Mm. And I like to read. And I have a weird brain, And I remember just thinking like, don don't know where I fit into the whole thing. But then later on those things become, oh, thank God. I mean, I'd still like to fix the vein, but what are you gonna do about that? Yeah. I'm having it removed tomorrow. But I know, it's, it's interesting that there are many different forms that can take for lots of different people who are listening that if you can ride it out, those things and And I think unfortunately, you know, social media and also the rise of all these different cosmetic surgeries or injections people can get has, I see so many people that have clearly like injected their lips, injected their faces, done things, and they just look like everybody else.


Now And, I think, well, that's too bad. You know, I Love character. Yeah. I really do. Like, I love those little touches, whether it's in the face, in the hair, in the mouth, whatever. That just make, makes you look stand in a different way. And, I actually think those things make you more interesting to me. Oh yeah. In a beautiful way. Yeah. You know, personally, that's my, my thoughts on it. But, Well, I disagree. I think you're outta your mind. You, in the book you mentioned that as you, you know, as the years go by, you think more and more about maybe moot.


Would you visit or would you maybe move back to Nigeria? Yeah. When I say move back to, I mean, you're not, you are, you are born here, but you think about maybe going back to that country for Yeah. A while. I do think about that. Like repatriate there. Yeah. I. do think I do I. do I really do I do. And it's, and And, it was something I used to sort of say like back here behind the back of my head, you know, abstractly that I wanted to do for, you know, like with my kids, you know, when I have them. And now that my daughter's here I do think about that because I think about the line of connection for me to the country was direct from my parents and who lived there their whole lives and then immigrated to the US.


And then when I think about her for just a section of time, I would like to, because it's like she's now once more removed. You know, And, I want her to be steeped. I just, it's, it's more about like, I don't wanna, I, I don't want to lose the culture for her, but then I also don't wanna lose it for me. Yeah. Like And, I think, especially now that both my parents are gone, it's a way, like almost like a socket of like plugging in for a little bit and getting a charge that maybe will be enough to last me the rest of my life. but I also do know in having something that I'm learning right now in real time, especially with motherhood, is that there with me still, like my mom, I was so nervous, you know, when I was pregnant, there were times where I was wondering, you know, how am I gonna do this?


Like, am I gonna know what to do? My mom's not here. Like, who's gonna show me how to do this? Yeah. And the reality is that I've come to learn is that she soaked me in who she is and put so deeply into each of us, my siblings, And, I, so much of her belief system, her values foundation, how to mother, that a lot of it does come out even if she's not here. So yes, I wanna go back, this is like a super long answer, but it's like, yes, I wanna go back, but if I don't, I also do simultaneously No know that, that I'm, I'm like soaked in it still, you know?


Yeah. I had a experience not too long ago where I was shooting this travel show for Max and we went back to Ireland and my brother through the help of my brother Justin. And we also used this really good genealogist in Ireland. And between the two of them, they figured out exactly where my town was that wow. That my great-grandfather came from. Hmm. And. I was thinking, you know, I'm not gonna feel you know much. We're gonna go and we're gonna see a field where, you know, and my people, you know, had no money and they were tenant farmers and they, they worked on this tenant farm in Glee.


Mm. And so I was just not expecting to feel anything. And. I've been to Ireland a bunch of times, but I thought, okay, I'm just gonna see a piece of land that I don't really have any connection to. And. I, they took me there and we have it on camera, but I, I was blown away by how powerful it was. Mm. To stand and think, oh, they were here. Yes. And then in one day, this, this Thomas O'Brien, I think just looked out and said, we gotta get outta here. And. I like an idiot. I was looking at the gorgeous mountains and everything saying, why did they leave? Mm. And this woman said, you can't eat the view. Mm Mm They didn't have any food.


They had to go and they, and so he just struck out. And so that's the re And now I'm back and I've got a camera crew, drones, producers standing around. I flew here on a, you know it, this, it's insane that I'm coming back in this way. Yes. And I was surprised because I am, I, I was the sentimentality of it and the power of it was a bit of a shock to me. Mm. I didn't think that was gonna happen. And. it does. So See And I believe that. And like, do you, And I think you're gonna feel that way when you come with me to Ireland and look at that piece of dirt.


Okay. It's gonna be very powerful for You. Almost like the African Summit. I, I love a special where I take Zo to my town in Ireland and try and like a lot of probing, like, how do you feel? Is it hitting you? Yeah. No, I mean, it's, it's a feel, but no, this isn't, this is a Nigeria. Yeah. But isn't it kind of the same? No, Not at all. Couldn't You just, wouldn't your mom be proud that you came back to Gly Ireland? No. Who is this idiot?


No. Ly. Yeah. Well, I'm first of all blown away that you wrote this beautiful book and thank you shared because it's a gift to people. There, there are a lot of people out there who don't understand. They, they look at what you've accomplished and they think, well, you know, she cut her, cut her break, or they don't see the whole arc. Mm. And I. Think it's really a big part of this podcast is I, I want people to understand how much all of us have in common and that you just, there's a lot of insecurity, a lot of frustration. There's a lot of ups, there's a lot of downs.


And, and your book chronicles so much of that. And it's, I think it's gonna be a tonic for a lot of people out there. So, good for you. Thank You very much. Yeah. Thank you very much for that. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you for having me today too. Well, I just thought I'd probably get a free book. Oh, That's how you did this. Well, as a, that's the only reason. So I only book people if they're gonna bring me free. You took your watch off. I could take that watch. She gave us books. What's that? She gave Sona And I have free books. Yeah. We have books. Yeah. Yeah. Plus beautiful jewelry and watches. Yeah. So much Jewelry. It was free trips to places.


We're going to Nigeria with you. You Exactly. Yes. With You're going from here to visit the Obamas said don't tell Conan. Yeah. Actually, the three of us are gonna to Ireland without the Yeah, Exactly. We're going to Goole. You're gonna Hawaii to visit the Obamas, the Obama just, just, but Kona's not coming right? No, he's not coming. Okay. Fine. Fine. Well, Zo, thank you so much for being here. The book is, the Road is Good and it's fantastic. And it's out in just a few days. And do yourself a favor and, and grab it because it's a terrific story and it's, it made me feel really good reading it. So, and thanks for being here. Thank you. This was awesome. It's only awesome when an awesome person comes.


That's true. It is true. Yeah. Thank you. I can I can't take non awesome and get it to Awesome. I just can't I can I don Power I? do


Some trips are better in an Airbnb, like the trip you want to take with extended family, where you wanna stay close, but you don't wanna all share that one bathroom. Yeah. You just did it recently. I Just went to Lake Arrowhead and I stayed in a, a listing that was a guest favorite. And I loved it so much. I was like, I think I wanna buy a house in Lake Arrowhead. And I remembered. I don't have money to do that. Yeah, yeah. So I, I, that changed. but I loved the Airbnb experience there so much that I was like, let's look at real estate Here. My wife, And I did an Airbnb on this island that is off of Washington. The coast of Washington. And. it was amazing. Mm. It was great And. it was just such a nice experience. Yeah. Better than a hotel. Yeah. And. I. Don't want someone miss you. Brian, would you like us to carry you to your toilet, please? Well, yes I would. I would like to be carried to my toilet, but occasionally I don't want to be asked that. Yeah. That's when I want to Airbnb. Yeah. So whatever it is, Airbnb is the best place to be.


Colonel O'Brien needs a friend is brought to you by ADT. Lemme talk about ADT for a second, please. ADT spends all of their seconds helping protect all of yours. That's a cool idea. 'cause a lot can happen in a second. True Did, you know that. That's true. That is true. Like, one second, your baby can't walk, then suddenly bang, they can walk. Except for me, I didn't walk till I was about nine. Oh yeah. We don't know what was wrong. Legs were fine. Apparently it's just a lack of will. You Just chose not to. Okay. No. One second. You're happily single. The next second you catch a glimpse of someone and well, maybe you don't wanna be single anymore. That did happen to me. Oh, I know it did. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And then years later, I met my wife. Oh, I love you baby. No, maybe one second. You have a business idea that seems like a pipe dream. And the next you have an LLC and a dream come true. Wow. This whole second thing is really something. Yeah. And when it comes to your home, one second, you feel safe. And the next, well, even if something does happen, guess what? You can still feel safe thanks to ADT. After all, ADT is America's most trusted name in home security because when every second counts count on ADT. Isn't that nice? I like that. I like how that all came around. Yeah. I was worried for a while. It wouldn't get to ADT. I mean, I think ADT should be, she the one worried about it. But. anyway, visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT as AP


Sona Miller Light keeps it simple. Yeah. I do unbeatable quality, great taste. Only 96 calories. I've counted 90. You counted not 97. You counted The calories in it. Yep. I have a special machine. Only 96 calories. It's the beer that strips away everything you don't need and holds onto what matters most. It's the original light beer since 1975. People always think, is it great taste or is it less filling? Hey, how about both? Hello? Yeah. Dingdong. Can I come in? My name's Hello. You don't have to choose what's best. Miller Light has great taste and is less filling. Tastes like Miller time. Oh yeah. In the middle of Miller time. Yeah. I look at a clock. I see. You know, 12, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, and then 12 again. Yeah. My favorite part of the dial Miller time. Okay. If people ask you what time it is, do you just say, Miller time? Every single Time. I say two hours to Miller Time. Hour to Miller time. Miller time minus two. It's true. My kids, so when people say, what time of the day were they born? I say, well, my daughter was born Miller Time plus four. My son was born Miller Time minus three, and then my wife's in the corner crying. You don't have to choose what's best. Miller Light has great taste and it's less filling. Tastes like Miller time to get Meite delivered right to your door. God, I live America. Visit meite.com/ Conan or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories per 12 ounces. Fewer cows and carbs than premium regular beer.


Okay. It's time to do a segment here on the podcast. And do You know what a segment Is? Usually we have an idea of what it's gonna be. It's like, oh, let's review the reviewers. Or, oh, you know, pretty good. Yeah. One, one of your little trick roos. One of your, yeah. Some category, if you will. But today we really don't have an idea. There was nothing loaded up. And so Sona had the idea. Let's just do some verbal Jazz. Yeah. Let's just start riff talking. Yeah. And the three of us, because we're such great verbal tacticians musicians, we'll find it just in the groove. So this is Verbal Jazz with Conan Sona and Matt.


And we're just gonna start talking about things and we're gonna find it and we're gonna find a great rhythm. And people are gonna say, Hey, I love that these guys can take empty air and turn it into atonal Jazz. As you can tell, I don't love Jazz, but we're just talking here. We're just talking about what's going on in our lives. Sona, how are you? Yeah, I'm cool, man. You wearing the same old corduroy shirt you wear all the time. It's denim. Whatever. We're close to Cordy. Yeah. I don't know what you're talking about. I just said it's Jazz, it's verbal Jazz. It's chilly in this studio. Very cold. It's very hot outside. It's hot of balls outside, But I think they overdid it on the air conditioning in Here.


I know. I disagree. It's, I have to say, it's so hot that I'm still burning from having been out there an hour ago. It's so nice and cool in here. Well it's, it's really hot where you live, I have to say in Pasadena. Yeah. And you, of course you live in Altadena. Yeah. And you're at a higher altitude. It might be a little cooler for you, but Pasadena. Ooh, that's a frying pan over here. You're not kidding. No, I'm not kidding. No, this isn't a joke. No, this, this is just verbal Jazz. We're serious. Yeah, we're just really hot out there. If you cracked an egg on the sidewalk right now, it would scream. Oh, that's it. I see what you did. That's an egg. Yeah. Yeah. It was verbal. Jazz sizzling. Okay. Yeah. How come you didn't get it? I don. I did. Yeah. What's this?


The base Here. I'll do a transition from Seinfeld. Who All these people is terrible. I Wish. They were doing so well So far. Can I say something? I think the minute I misidentified misgendered your shirt and said, which, Which is Male? I said corduroy toy or denim instead of denim. And I. I, they're just, I don't know my cheap materials that well. Wow. And so, you know, I know all myself. And it A Thread Bear T-shirt. Oh please. I Know. Wear your cotton shirt. This isn't a T-shirt. I just painted my bare chest.


Jazz Jazz. Verbal Jazz. Not as good as having something worked out ahead of time. Were you Doing a boom, boom, boom base. But isn't it a boom boom, boom, boom, boom base? Yeah. Depends man. Not if you're Jao past. Yeah, That's right. Oscar past. No. Oscar past about the Olympia. The former. Yeah. Yeah. The Blade Runner killed us. Went to prison for us. Killed us. Murder Jazz. Jazz. Jazz. Verbal Jazz. Hey You don. Know what? Hey, we we're on the weather one minute, then it's Oscar Pistorius. You never know, man. Who's thinking about that guy? Let's get back to Patrick Dempsey In Yeah. Outbreak. That was, wasn't that in the intro?


Yeah, that was in a different intro. I Know. But same episode. You Episode I know Jazz. Oh, I just called back a riff from the beginning of the Show. You know what, you know what I realized? He's really the only professional. He was working in podcasts for a long time before us. He's the guy that puts all these things together. You're constantly fucking up. Yeah. Calling back references that are from an episode that we take. Are you the Same day saying, are you saying from a different thing? Got fucked up somehow. So what about breakfast? Also, he's not the only professional. You were in broadcasting for 30 years. Did. you see what I did? Does anyone think I was a professional? No. Not once. Has anyone said, Hey, you all got professional from the television?


That's never happened. Everyone, I just, I look like you're a professional amateur. Exactly. I kind of am. You are? Yeah. I refuse. I refuse to be a professional Jazz, verbal Jazz. I think I, you know, I'm look like Jazz itself. don don't know if this is good or bad, what we're doing. I know that I've been charged a cover fee to be in here. I'm having a drink. I don't understand it, but I see a lot of people around me snapping their fingers. So maybe it's good. Bla how do you feel this is going so far? Well, you know what? I think Miles Davis once said, there's no wrong notes. It's, you know, like, there's no wrong notes in Jazz. It's more what comes after it. So it's context, man.


Yeah, I guess it's kind. I mean, I, do you want my honest opinion? Yeah. No, This is unusable. It's Terrible. This Is terrible. It's terrible. It's terrible. This terrible. You do, you do have the rift going of you say, then it's Jazz. So it's kind of on life support. I don't think we've really hit the point of which it's a real segment yet. Are you serious? This feels all like prologue. I agree. Don't you Think it's, that's the thing about Jazz. There's not a hook, there's not a, a melody per se. There's nothing that would make you wanna listen to it. Yeah. Whatcha talking? No, there's, there's hooks in Jazz Eduardo's upset because he actually liked And you're shitting on Jazz. Yeah. I, I cannot take this slander anymore. I can't either. I'm, wait a minute, I'm talking about the basketball team.


Jazz. All, right? Yeah. That's what I've been meaning whole time as a, as a music form. Jazz. Fantastic. Okay, good. My favorite. Okay, good. You can't name a Jazz song or performer. don Don't love Utah Jazz. Don't get me started. Okay. They're atonal, arrhythmic and hard to listen to. Okay. Fair. Jazz Jazz. We'll be right back. Wow. Unusable Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sono of Cession and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gourley, executive, produced by Adam Sacks, Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes.


Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away, Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Con. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review read on a future episode. Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode. You can also get three free months of Sirius XM when you sign up at siriusxm.com/ Conan.


And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded,


We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up no matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more. Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Shop the Sherwin Williams four Day Super sale and get 40% off paints and stains from September 13th through the 16th. With prices starting at 29 39, it's the perfect time to transform your space with color. Whether you're looking to revamp your bedroom, living room or home office, we have you covered with bold hues, soothing neutrals, and everything in between. Shop the sale online or visit your neighborhood. Sherwin-Williams store. Click the banner to learn more retail sales. Only. Some exclusions apply. See store for details.