
College students get 50% off Walmart plus memberships. So you can get things like Taki lab notebooks and socks delivered straight to your dorm deal. End September 13th to join. Now Walmart plus free delivery on college Essentials. $35 minimum for free delivery for eligible college and grad students. Ends 9 13 24 C term subject to change.


You know me, Sona. I love adventure. You Love Adventure. And a man that loves adventure and needs one kind of car. Introducing the Nissan Pathfinder Rock Creek. Oh nice. Squeezing through narrow obstacles, activate the intelligent around view. Monitor with off road mode. Mm. Plus the tubular roof rack has up to 220 pounds. Dynamic capacity for loading up your gear. Oh, I've never Heard you say Tubular. Well, it is most tubular. This car. Lemme tell you that right now. Find your path in the Nissan Pathfinder Rock Creek. Learn more at Nissan usa.com. Cargo and load capacity. Limited by weight and distribution. Always secure cargo. Heavy loading of the vehicle with cargo, especially on the roof, will affect the handling and stability of the vehicle intelligent around you. Monitor cannot eliminate blind spots and may not detect every object. Driver should always turn and check surroundings before driving. See owner's Manual for safety information.


Conan O'Brien needs A friend is brought to you by ADT. Let me talk about ADT for a second please. ADT spends all of their seconds helping protect all of yours. That's a cool idea. 'cause a lot can happen in a second's. True Did. you know that. That's true. That is true. Like, one second, your baby can't walk, then suddenly bang. They can walk. Except for me, I didn't walk till I was about nine. Oh yeah. We don't know what was wrong. Legs were fine. Apparently it's just a lack of will. You just chose Not to. Okay. No. One second. You're happily single. The next second you catch a glimpse of someone and well, maybe you don't wanna be single anymore. That did happen to me. Oh, I know it did. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And then years later, I met my wife. Oh, I love you baby. No, maybe one second. You have a business idea that seems like a pipe dream. And the next you have an LLC and a dream come true. Wow. This whole second thing is really something. Yeah. And when it comes to your home, one second. You feel safe. And the next, well, even if something does happen, guess what? You can still feel safe thanks to ADT. After all, ADT is America's most trusted name in home security because when every second counts count on ADT. Isn't that nice? I like that. I like how that all came Around. Yeah. I was worried for a while. It wouldn't get to ADT. I mean, I think ADT should be, she the one worried about it. But. anyway. Visit ADT dot com today or call one 800 ADT a s ap. Hello? Sorry, I changed the script instead of, hi. I gotta make it my own. Yeah. Rebel.


Hello, my name is Walton Goggins. And I. Feel cozy. Nice. About being Conan O'Brien's friend. Back to school. Ring Bell shoes. Walking. loose the fence. And I. Hey there. Welcome to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Joined by my co-pilot and co.


Co-pilot son of Cession. Okay. Co copilot. Matt Gourley. Is that work that Wait navigator? No. Are you a navigator or are you a co? I'm co copilot. Okay. All right, Please. Plane just lost ITSs wings. Don don't. I'm running on fumes because I'm having a colonoscopy tomorrow and I'm not allowed to have solid food today. And I'm starving. I've talked about this a lot. Have you had a colonoscopy before? I have Up the poop shoot. Okay. What? Wait, they didn't tell me that. They can also go through the mouth. What? It takes longer. What? Yeah. Why would you want that way, Don? Don't know. It's just, it's a more interesting trip You pass. Valuable real estate. It's the Scenic route. Yeah.


I went in through the ear once. What? Right here? Yeah. You just see all kinds of cool stuff. You know, we've talked about it a lot. Yeah. you get the drug, right? You Know, I'm not sure this is a different healthcare provider this time, so I'm not sure what I'm something What? I'll bring you the Drug. Bring Bring me the drug. Yeah. Yeah. I got the drug last time. But. it didn't quite live up to the hype that you had Then. You're a fool. No, I think just 'cause you've never had many drugs before. That's true. That might be it. Yeah. It's because I've never had a drug that when I get even Novocaine at the dentist's office to like replace a crown. Not even do any drilling. If I just get the slightest medication, suddenly it's loose in the sky with diamonds.


I think so. Yeah. I bought Tylenol from a guy in an alley once. Oh no. Yeah, it was coated. Coated Tylenol. Cool. Yeah, it's, it's a good time. It's a good time. Well listen, It's a good time. You're gonna have a great but I great time at your Colonoscopy. I'm Sad. Why? Why? I have to miss our session tomorrow for Will this. They won't have been on yet, but it's Oh, that's great. But it a guess that I'm sad to miss. Oh, Please. The pope will come on again. Oh, He's doing my colonoscopy. So, so you're having this colonoscopy and that's good. We should, you know, make people aware. That's why I brought it up. Yeah. It's good to get checked Out. Yeah. And I. Think the age is younger now. So all you kids can get in there and have some fun.


All. right? 45. Right. Isn't that the, is it, is it right? Yeah. Yeah. I Actually have to schedule mine. I have to get my first one. Do you have any tips? Like I, for someone who's never had a colonoscopy Before, don't bother. Yeah. You'll be fine. Yeah. All right? Great. Thanks Amy. No, no. I mean, what do you mean tips? You just, you know, Well, don don't know. You're talking about not eating the prep Jello and No, the prep is the undressing. Not even, you're not even awake for the procedure. It's the prep. That's the nightmare. Got it. I thought You were awake and you were like watching It all happen. No, no, no. You're out of it. It's a twilight drug when you wake up. First time I did it and when I woke up, I was wearing someone else's clothes. I was on a bus, I was on a crosstown bus. I was in Portugal.


I mean, all kinds of shit happened. And, I was unaware of it. but I I do have a question. Do they And I know. I know I'm gonna get made fun of. but I was actually Curious. That's just 'cause you're asking the question. Do do, Do they let you keep the footage? No, you never see the footage. Footage. You don't see the footage. I know. You really don't get to see it. Can I get the I know? But I'm cur Do you get the footage? Can you get the footage? I, do you know what this reminds me of? I do. This reminds me of when I was, I, I think I was 10. Doubled over in pain. And. it gets worse and worse throughout the night. And I wake up in the morning and my dad, who's a doctor, said, Hey, you're not on my health plan. Fuck you. You're not even my kid. Yeah, we're not even sure you're my kid.


There's no red hair in my family. Anyway, then the milk, then the milkman came by. Papa started doing the string dance as he left the milk fry and went anyway. Anyway, I just insulted 55 of my most beloved people in my life all at once. Anyway, my dad took me to the hospital. They said, oh, this kid's appendix is like bursting right now. They actually had a priest come who was I think in the hospital anyway, but they said, maybe you want to hang out 'cause we don't know if this guy, I remember that. I remember a priest coming in, which is never a good son, even when you're in a church. And so it could have been more of a Damian thing.


Yeah, yeah, exactly. My head was spinning around, it's Never good to see a priest. Trust me. The priest came in and said, out devil. They went, no, no, no. He's got an, he's got appendicitis, but he seems possessed. Well, one day I'll have a podcast. Anyway, they took just before I went under I, I swear to God, I'm this weird 10-year-old kid with orange hair and freckles and fucked up teeth. And I just said, I said to the, the doctor who wants to keep my appendix. And he went, I, And I said, promise me. And he went, yes, yes. I want my appendix.


Want it. And they went, yes, yes. And then count backwards from ten, ten nine and then you're out. And then I wake up And, I'm in a lot of pain. And then later on I said, can I see my appendix now? And he went, whatcha whatcha, whatcha talking about? I think he talked to David Saris about this because he, I wanted it his like spleen or something. He got to keep his spleen. Yeah. But. it was illegal or something. And he had it with some key auntie. but I, I would've loved to have had that. Yeah. And they promised me, what were You gonna do with it? You were 10. Well, now I would've cloned a new Conan. Oh. Oh. He could do the Conan fans. I could do these. That of a burst appendix. That's a good idea. Yeah. We should have Like what a screwed up version of Conan. That would be, You look alike versions of ourselves.


Do the fan episodes. You know, like second poor man versions. Yeah. I just, I get Ben Marshall from Please Don't Destroy And I, get George Clooney All. right. Yeah. I'll just be here then. If George Clooney's coming, people say, I look like Sarah McLaughlin. Oh, you Do? Sure. Yeah, sure. Yeah. And, and Judy Greer a little too. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I'll take it. There's some other people. What? don don't know. Why Did you dismiss me like that. I Think you, you're more Anthony Quinn to me. Oh, you've got that sorter. The Greek exuberance. I'm always thinking of you as the female Anthony Quinn. You're always smashing plates and dancing across the horizon. I am. Okay.


All. right. We gotta get into it. Well, good luck With your colonoscopy tomorrow. Yeah. Good luck. All the best. Thanks. Hey, I'll come, huh? Yeah, I'll be there too. Oh, that's not necessarily, I wanna lie on the table next to you and get a dose. Oh, they can put a hose up there if they want. Yeah. Couples Colonoscopy. When you, when you wake up. I'm spooning with you. Oh my God. Snoozing away. And they're like, what? Oh, he came in just as you went under and he said you were okay with it. I'd rather Have a malignant tumor up there. Oh God. Wow. Oh God. You might want to take that back. Oh boy. My guest today. I love, there's no way into this. No I know. He deserves better too. Does he? My guest today has started the sex shows is Justified on the righteous gemstones. Now you can see him in the hit series.


Fallout available to stream on Amazon Prime Video. I love him. Excited. He's here today. Walton Goggins. Welcome. I just hugged you on the way in And I Lingered on the hug. You did linger And I lingered too. Yeah. I was, I was, I didn't know who was gonna pull away first And I think we did simultaneously just because we were making everyone else uncomfortable. We were contacted hr. We were separated by your publicist. You started talking about his musculature And then we Were guy in great shape. This went on too long. Guy's in great shape. Well, I, that's, that has a lot to do with White Lotus. It has a lot to do with, whenever anyone is not working at the White Lotus, it's walking into the gym and saying, oh, hi.


Hello. Hello. Could you please get off the treadmill right now. We've been down there for, for three months. And so This is, yeah, I wanted to talk about this because I was in Bangkok, I don't remember how long ago now, shooting for our travel show. It was a really hot day. And so I had my experience there, which has been well documented. Then not long ago I ran into, before you guys started shooting White Lotus, I run into none other then Mike White in a restaurant. Really? And we start chatting. 'cause we've met each other once or twice before. And he's a very funny, cool guy. Yeah. And I said, Hey, so you're going the next season of White Lotus, you're going down to, you know, to Thailand.


Right. And he said, yeah, And I said I was there. I had a great time. I made a lot of friends. And then I said, if there's a part for me, oh Jesus, you know, I'm available. And he looked at me and he said, you know, there's a lot of sex work there. And I said I could, I could do that. I could, what this is, I could play a part where I'm a sex, you know, a a male gigolo or something. This is the last depraved, this is the last podcast you will ever do. Conan. Yeah. I just, Hey, what? Yes. Yes. You could do that. Yeah. I believe that you could do That. Do you think that, when I'm saying, do you think I could play that part? Or do you think I actually could be a, A gigolo.


A Jigg o Well, I think you're, I think you could do both. I think you could play that part and, and you could be that person in real life. Okay. Yeah. I appreciate that. Absolutely. I, I believe it. It's all about hydration. No, it is all what? That's 1%. What? Take it from me. No, but I gotta say, I absolutely loved it. I loved it there. I loved the country and, and the people were fantastic. And. it must be an amazing place to be shooting. Well, Did you, Did you question for you Did. you go outside of Bangkok, Did, you get up to Chang Mai or, or down island? We Did Island not get to, because we have to get everything in about, I would say 10 days. Wow. And we have so much to do that we found that if we travel within the show Right.


We've, we can do it in some places. We did it in Norway. But if we try to travel to and in Ireland where things are a little more concentrated, but we really wanted to get down to bouquet. We wanted to Yeah. Get up north. But you lose too much time. Yeah. And, and then you lose a lot of, you know, you lose a lot of stuff that Way. Well, you know, I, this isn't my first time in Southeast Asia. I spent two months traveling all over Southeast Asia. And, I was in, in Bang or in Thailand for don Don't know, three weeks or something like that. And then I was in Cambodia. I went all over, over Cambodia and all over northern Vietnam and made my way up to this little town called Sapa on the Chinese border.


But my, my, when I first got to Bangkok the very first time, it's, it's, this is a cool story. Okay. So I'm there, I'm meeting my mom for like, this first like three or four days. It's at a particular time in my life. And I'm looking for something. So my mom accompanies me for a few days. I I, we, we meet there, we get there, we do the last leg from LA or wherever it is in Hong Kong. Into, into Bangkok. I have, we get in at night, you know, you want to kind of stay up. I'm with my mom. And, and we go have, we find a, we're staying in a super cool little small hotel in the middle of nowhere. This area called WaPo that I found like online because it was before smartphones and all the rest of it.


And we go out and have a drink and, you know, here we go. This is gonna be our south, a south southeast Asian adventure. Yeah. Go to sleep. Wake up to a phone ringing. Right. And for some reason, I just thought, because I'm a narcissist, that's probably for me, that phone ringing is probably, somebody's probably calling me. It's like my wi you know, my girlfriend at the time. Yeah. Yep, yep. And, and so, and it's only, there're only like three or four rooms in this place. I, I go downstairs, I'm jet lagged. I, I pick up the phone and the woman is screaming at me and Ty. So obviously it's not for me.


You Hope, obviously And I said, whoa, whoa, whoa. No, no, no, no. I'm so sorry. This is, I'm just a guest here. I, I thought I just picked up the phone. 'cause I thought, and she stopped me mid-sentence. And she said, there's been a coup And I said, I'm sorry, what? Did you say? She said, there's been a, there's been a coup. So you stay in the hotel. So the mil, You stay, the military took power in there while you were just hanging out My first morning there. And, and I'm thinking, okay, God, I Wish. I looked as cool as James Woods. But And I thought I didn't know that it was, she was, it was really happening. But she said, yes, there's been a coup.


Everything is cool. It's a peaceful coup. You're fine. Just hang out in the hotel until we get there. You know, don't go outside. And, and lo and behold they did. They did come, you know, 45 minutes later or whatever. We got dressed and we walked outside And. it was a, a peaceful coup. And people were out in the streets and the tanks were out and the guns were out and people Were taking, but peaceful tanks and peaceful guns. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Nobody was invested with them. Made guns made of like rubber. I didn't know there could be peaceful coups. Yeah. I know. It Doesn't very, yeah. I don't think there was much resistance. Right. To this coup But. it was, that was my fir that was my entree. And to th Southeast Asia.


Oh my God. Yeah. Yeah. And. it was And I had the most incredible time of my life. And I agree with you. I I I think that they, I think Thai people in general are some of the kindest, most generous, peaceful people I've ever met in my life. Yeah. They were very warm. And And, I. I happen to know this about you, that you enjoy. One of the things that you love when you travel is drinking with people in different strange situations. Is that true? I do that is, that Is true. And so you liked, part of your ethos when you travel is I like to share whatever the local drink is with people you like to imbibe. And that's a way of getting to know the culture That is Yes. That is one way of getting to know the culture. And. it, it happens to be my my favorite way of, of getting to know the culture for sure.


Yeah. But I, do I travel, you know, I, do I travel with an open heart? You know, I have no itinerary. It's about improvisation for me. You know, I've made my way into some places that you can't buy a ticket to, you know, and experiences that are once in a lifetime. Only because I, I I, I genuinely am curious about the world. Yes. And I'm curious about people and their worldview. I want to get to know them. And, and, and I've been invited into a lot of circumstances that just because I, I I I, I come heart forward, I guess. Yes. In, in that way. But I'm curious because it, it sounds funny, But it also does seem to be like a natural way to get to know a culture.


Mm. Is to have their drink, do you know, whatever. And because Yes, it relaxes you. Yeah. Everything. And, and, but it's also, I mean, Sona, And I traveled to Armenia together and we were having the Armenian fubu, we were also, we were having whatever they were drinking. Yeah. And they, they take a lot of pride in it. And it's good And It. Yeah. And I. Remember it really messes you up. And I, remember. And the same thing. You well, you got trash. I I know I did. But in, but when I was in, but I was in Finland, they kept saying Conan. Now she's, she's still hungover. And. it was, it was like eight years ago. But we went to Finland together. You didn't come to Finland. But when I went to Finland, they have a drink called Coskin Cova.


And when you first take a shot of it, I think you just took this from a jet engine. This, but then you start to see the wisdom of Coskin cova. Oh, wow. So, you know, and, and so when I encounter people now from the different travels that I've done, if I mention their drink, if they run into me in New York City and I'm talking to someone from Finland, And I say, Hey, too bad we can't go grab some Coskin Cova. They're like, yes. You see me? You see me. Yeah. And I say yes. And you see me, I'm, I think an alcoholic, but I like to be seen. I like that. You know me. I had a memory of you recent experience involving you recently, which you do not know about, which is my wife, And I had put a lot of stuff in storage.


And we were going back because the different, you know, I, I moved from the Warner Brothers offices, And, I'm, we moved in the old days. We were in New York. So we always have stuff in storage. And we went to go through it all and kind of figure out, is there anything that should leave storage? And at one point I'm with my wife and there's this woman there that runs a storage facility. We're in the valley and we're going through stuff. And we open a box and my wife just picks up this what looks like a, a furry dead animal out of the box. And she says, what the hell, what is this? And I said that was a gift from Walton Goggins And I And I. No, hold on. Yes. Listen, you don't remember. Listen, listen, listen, listen. You were promoting the Hateful eight, right? Yes.


And in the Hateful eight, you, you play the whole movie takes place in mini's haberdashery. It Does take place in many's The whole haberdashery the walls are covered with different pelts. I was excited. You know, I'm a Quentin Tarantino fan. You came backstage after the show and said, Conan And I brought you a gift. And you handed me one of the many pelts that was hanging on the wall from Minnie's Haberdashery, which is there for the whole shoot. And I was like, my God, thank you. And I put it cut to my wife saying, what the hell is this? And she said, we're getting rid of it. And I said, we're not getting rid of it. Walton Goggins gave that to me. And of course, now I bring it up and you don't even know what I'm talking About.


No. I know exactly what you're, what you're talking, what you're talking about now. And And I And I did do that. And I'm glad that you kept it. Yeah. I kept, I you also gave me Quentin Tarantino's Amex card. Oh, yeah. So that's which I also have kept. Yeah. No, but I, I did. I just was like, no, we cannot, we're hanging onto that because I love the movie. I loved your performance in it. And, I thought That's very cool that you gave that to me. So I'm hanging onto that. And it's in, it, it's, you know, it's, it's my Citizen Kane warehouse. Ah, when I die, I'm, my last words are gonna be Goggins and everyone's gonna wonder what does it mean? And reporters are gonna scramble and it's gonna end with everyone throwing my stuff into a fire in a warehouse. That'll happen. And then it'll be like, yeah, you'll be there.


And taking the occasional thing. And then one worker just picking up a Pelton shrugging and tossing it in. Why did he say Goggins? I guess We'll never know. We'll never know. I guess we'll never care, I guess. We'll never care. 'cause Yeah. But. anyway, that was a really nice, nice memory. I had That Jennifer And I at the, the, as they do when a movie is rapping, more often than not, the production will, will put up a sale. Right. Like the, the things that people may want to get money back for the studio that's paying for it. And we both kind of looked at each other and asked for the, you know, the Pam or the whatever, the catalog before it kind of came out.


Yeah. Because we had both been coveting all of these animal skins for like six months. Like, wow, that's a, that's just a pretty brown one right there. Oh my God. Oh, what are they gonna, oh, that would look so good on a sofa. Unbelievable. Hey, hey, We could, we could give that to Conan. And that wasn't that. He's just Dumb enough to take it. Conan will love this for you. It really does look like a squirrel that got run over by a truck. That's what it looks like more than anything else, which might be what it is. Yeah. But. it was a very nice memory. And also I've, I've watched all of Quentin Tarantino's movies many times. I've watched that one several times. That would not be what I would take from that movie.


I would want, what would you take? I would want Kurt Russell's beard from that movie. Yeah. Which I would add. I would, I was, I'm, I'm guessing it's real. 'cause Kurt Russell seems like a guy that could have grown that beard maybe in two days. Yes, yes. In two days. Yeah. But God, and it's the best Head of hair too. Jesus Christ. God, his hair is so, it Is, it is amazing. I hate him and his hair. He is I Know. It was, can I get on tell you one really quick story? Yeah. Is It about his hair? Yes. Well, it's not even, it's not even about hairs. Just a kinda a segue to a moment, just to a memory. Because, you know, so much of that was like E ex it was exhaust, it was exhausting for every, for everybody there. And, it was extremely cold And.


it was just hours upon hours in this room that, you know, Clinton had set to a certain temperature. And because he didn't, you know, want to manufacture these breaths, he wanted them to be, to be real. He also said, I I made the room really, really cold. So cold. So I would work faster. But he just kept wearing bigger jackets, A cheater. And there was one moment where we would all kind of sit and huddle. Huddle in a corner and Yeah. And, and all of us, and just confer in this one, in this one part of the bar right there. But there was, there was one moment, one night where everyone was so tired. And Kurt was just like I say, seeing things because we all saw things being up That late And I saw him having a conversation with a chair.


And I just looked like, talked to Sam. I said, look at him, man. What do you think he's saying to that chair right now? Like, it was like this drug induced insanity. Well, that cast you Like Tarantino induced insanity. Samuel L. Jackson, Kurt. I mean, it's just, just an in incre. What a insane cast. It was a dream of a lifetime coming. Yeah. It really, really was. And Madson and Tim Roth and all of the, it's really And, I, And I. And, you know, and we were still, I mean I, don What. Is It been eight years or something like that. And I. We just texted I know the other day. We text about like once a month or something like that. Somebody will reach out and say, you know, where are the haters? What, you know, what are they doing?


And? It's just, just the cast and Oh, That's so cool. The Hateful eight. It's all you are. You're the haters. Yeah. We, yeah, it's the hater board. Okay. That's what we call it. And still, you know, we, we started it when we were in production and it's still going strong. Eight, eight years later.


You wanna watch your favorite TV shows and movies on a TV whose clarity, color, and contrast really shines through. You need Samsung Ole. Yeah. No, it's not some Swedish monster. It's Ole Let Samsung Ole Immer you with unbelievable details and picture quality. Their AI powered processor Upskills your favorite movies and shows in brilliant 4K resolution. So even old content looks amazing. And our podcast has never looked better. I've seen my podcast in Samsung. oled, my face comes out through the screen. Oh, I'm there with you. Don't be afraid. That's what I really look like. This is the only OLED TV validated by the industry leading color experts at Pantone. Mm. You can experience colors as they're meant to be seen. They know colors at Pantone, one of my big pet peeves when watching TV is glare. I hate glare. I hate it too. Yeah. I have to wear sunglasses sometimes when I watch tv. But the ed, that doesn't make senses. Nine five D has OLED glare free technology so you can watch with almost no glare. You know, I'm a big gamer. I love me games. Yeah. I love my games. I love Sizzle Busters. I love playing Cosel Sizzle. Cosel Sizzle. Ooh, I'm really good at that. That one I got to level nine. I visited the planet of Jabali. That's why I'm excited that the Samsung OLEDs Motion Accelerator delivers ultra smooth 144 hertz motion. And the AI auto Game Motel is your game settings to its genre. My video game skills, I've never looked better experience to be the way it's meant to be seen with Samsung oled. Visit samsung.com/oled to learn more. Upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experience may vary according to types of content and format.


Supercuts knows what you think. It's a quick, cheap haircut you can get almost anywhere. Well, you're right about quick. Okay. I'll give you that. Yes. I'm gonna give you that one. You're right about quick. But Supercuts is not that cheap. It's not a bargain basement chop shop. Like some discount options out there. You got the wrong idea about Supercuts, if that's what you're thinking. Yeah. Supercuts just happens to have 2000 reputable salons full of trained proficient stylists who give great haircuts at reasonable prices. Right. Not some cheap chop shop. In fact, if you were to imagine a brand that was visited by nearly 25 million people last year with a satisfaction rating of 96%. Man wow. I Wish. This podcast had that 96% satisfaction. That's a lot. That's almost everybody. That's almost everybody. Yeah. What, what brand would come to mind if you were thinking about that? Would Supercuts Probably not But. it should. That's the point. Supercuts is super convenient. Their salons let you check in at a time that works for you. That's what I like too. Sometimes I try to make a, an appointment at a salon. Yeah. And I say, you know what? Time works for me. And the person on the phone says, I don't care. You gotta come in. When we tell me tell you to come in, that's when you're gotta come in. Okay. Yeah. And I'm like, whoa, this isn't sound like a salon for me. Do you happen to know where Super Cuts is? Oh, good. Then they go, girl. Super cuts wins again. Super cuts. Super convenient. The salons let you check in at a time that works for you@supercuts.com or just walk right in. It's your hair, it's your goal.


Sona


Miller Light keeps it simple. Yeah. I do unbeatable quality, great taste. Only 96 calories I've counted. Counted not 97 counted. You counted the calories in it. Yep. I have a special machine, only 96 calories. It's the beer that strips away everything you don't need and holds on to what matters most. It's the original light beer since 1975. People always think, is it great taste or is it less filling? Hey, how about both? Hello? Yeah. Ding Don. Can I come in? My name's Hello? You don't have to choose what's best. Miller Light has great taste. And his last filling tastes like Miller Time. Oh yeah. In the middle of Miller time. Yeah. I look at a clock. I see, you know, 12, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, and then 12 again. Yeah. My favorite part of the dial Miller time. Okay. If people ask you a time, it is, do you just say Miller time, every single time. I say two hours to Miller Time, hour to Miller time, Miller time minus two, let's try my kids. So when people say, what time of the day were they born? I say, well, my daughter was born Miller Time plus four. My son was born Miller Time minus three. And then my wife's in the corner crying. You don't have to choose what's best. Meite has great taste and it's less filling. Tastes like Miller time to get Meite delivered right to your door. God, I love America. Visit meite.com/ Conan or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories per 12 ounces. Fewer cows and carbs than premium regular beer.


You're appearing in so many things now, so many great shows, so many great movies. It must be hard to believe sometimes when you think back to you as a kid growing up I know you were, I think you were born in Alabama. Is that correct? I born in, born in Alabama, raised in Georgia. Raised in Georgia. But you just had this vision that this is what you were supposed to be doing with your life. That's how it's always occurred to me. Or how I've, when, when I, when I've read about you heard about you, that you just had this idea that like, I need to be doing this. I need to be an actor. Not that you necessarily knew a ton of people who did that. Yeah. You just, you just, it felt like almost a vision. Well, I've, you know, I the fact that you're doing a travel show and you live the life that you have lived and, and other people have had a similar trajectory and, and the audacity of thinking that you can live a life as a creative person.


For me, I'm a, I'm a poor kid from Georgia. I was raised in a very unconventional way with, when I say crazy women, what I mean by that is that's what I love. I was raised mostly by women and they were insane. And Was your dad, your dad was outta the picture when you were three? He was, Yeah. I mean, he was, he was out Yeah. When they were three, right? Yeah. And, but you know, he was around a little bit. But mostly it was my grandmother and my mom and, and her sisters. And, and we've talked about this before, aunt and uncle were both actors in the theater. So I had been exposed to that and, and seeing them on stage for the first time. but I was also raised with a group of people that were extremely entertaining. You know, I mean, we watched TV a a little bit.


It wasn't like a big movie household or anything like that. We sat outside on the porch and, and told stories, you know, about the day or about things that happened in the past. And the baton would be passed, if you will. And I just happened to come from a family where everyone was entertaining. Yeah. On some level. And, it was, I I, I still think about it. And, I, And I. Miss it. And I miss those times. But really other than walking into the casting director's office when I was 14 years old, and we've gone through that story as well. Yeah. I, I wanted to see the world first and foremost. but I, I also, I I I was drawn to storytelling because, not because of exposure to cinema or exposure to anyone else that had done it, but because I, I felt like, wow, this is a place I feel normal.


Yeah. You know, I, I think I am a, people that know me would say that I am earnest, I'm an earnest guy. And I, and I'm a pretty sensitive guy. I suppose there's a, a little level of volatility there. You know, on some level, But, it was a place that I found great comfort in a, a place where I felt like I belonged. I didn't know how to go about doing it, even though I was very lucky to start working in Atlanta before. It's only 'cause here, my my observation about you, I And I. I, is that, because I was thinking about you today, knowing that I'd see you And I was thinking about, you know, all the work that you've, you've done and all the roles that you've played, and whether it's you're in vice principals or whether you're in righteous gemstones, which I adore.


I love righteous gemstones. So whether you're in, you know, one of those shows, or even on justify when you're playing, you know, this character who's got terrible, terrible flaws and, you know, racist views and former, like neo-Nazi Boyd Crower, all of your characters are entertaining people. They're very, they're, they're very silver tongue. And they're funny. They're kind of, they're, they're funny characters. And they, and I've always thought, you can't play that unless that is the, in some way, the essence of who you are. I don't think an unfunny person can play a funny person. Does that, does that feel right to you? I, I would agree. I would agree with that.


I, I guess, yeah. Yeah. In the way that I'm never gonna play like a sexy man, but in a movie, right. And, I. Listen, I have, That's, that's not If I can play a sexy man, you can play a sexy Man. No, no, no, no, no. guess what? I mean, it Took Me, there have been many screen tests and apparently when the camera gets in close, there's a thing that happens. The camera breaks a break. Is it shatters? It does, but no, there's a, you know, there's a, no, it's, what I'm saying is there's a, there's a quality you have where I think, oh, there's no way Walton wouldn't be a fun guy to hang out with because you've played too many characters that really tickle me. Where I think, oh yeah. Okay. He'd be a, he'd be a fun hang.


I Think I'm a pretty fun hang. Yeah. I think I, I think I can be a funny hang. I think, you know, I I know how you guys feel about this, but I'm not funny in the way that Danny McBride is funny. Right, right. Situationally funny. My, my wife is very, very funny. And I hang out with some funny people. Not a lot of, a lot of comedians. I don't have a ton of comedian friends. But, but I, I think I can throw some stuff out without trying to be funny. And people find it humorous. But more often than not, when, whenever I'm working, I, I take all of those things very, very seriously. You know, it's not, it really isn't comedy for me. It And it, it's not, not comedy either. It's just this is the reality of this situation.


And, it dictates this experience and just kind of turn myself over to it and try not to control Yeah. Any Of it. There was a great flashback scene in the Righteous gemstones back to earlier in your life where, where you clog and dance. Yeah. And I. Was it really? I, And I didn't, I didn't know that your character was gonna be clogging and, and you start singing this song about being naughty and clogging. And I was howling, but also appreciating that shit. He's good. Thank you Cody And I. Appreciate it. You can clog. Thank you Can clog, I can, which would Make you, in my opinion, if you can clog and you can drink. Yeah. And you can drink and clog.


You're a really good hang. There's a lot of countries I. can I, I've got a tour coming ahead of you. Is what you're saying. I do my, you know, my mom was a, my mom was a great dancer. She was a really good dancer. And, and she took me into clogging lessons when I was really young so that I could kind of dance with her. And she also kind of taught me how to two step, I grew up kind of going to honky tonk bars and, and things of that nature. And she was, she did a dance called the bop, which is kind of the, the Florida version of the North Carolina shag, which is kind of like the working man's version of a, a very kind of posh southern dance.


And, and, and dancing and, and music and drinking and celebration was a big part of my, my, my childhood. Yeah. And And, I'm, and I'm so grateful for it. I, I don't meet that many people that, that have clogging on their resume or It's Also ho calling or It's so funny because the, can you make a still in 10 minutes? Yes, I can, sir, You know what? I had somebody come up to me the other day. A very dear friend of mine, And I, just posted this picture of, I was just, just because it, it was the end of a very big block in the white Lotus And. I was having a glass of wine, which I do nightly.


And, and listening to this Radiohead song and And I just recorded this video of me singing this Radiohead song. And, and what if when I am asked what it was like on working on the White Lotus, this is probably what I'll say. And a very good friend of mine said the next day, she, I saw her and she said, you listen to Radiohead? Yeah. I listened to Radiohead. She said, I thought you only listened to Waylon Jennings. I thought you only, only like Willie Nelson. Only like Ernest tubs. Yeah, Yeah. You know, you, I said, no, man. I listen to, I listen to Ethiopian jazz to everything. You gotta, you know, I mean like, once you lead with Ilog And I And I Hog call that everybody else thinks, well, you know, he only eats fried pork chops and country fried steak and biscuits.


Where's Walton? I don't know. Let's go to the Cracker Barrel. He'll be over there. He'll Definitely. Hey works Wal and Wal over there. He's at the jerky stand. That's where he spends all his per diem. Yeah, Yeah. The studio's chewing you out. You spent $900 on jerky. It's funny. You know, it's funny 'cause I, I am a, I mean a fan of all, all your work across the board and I'm really loving Fallout, which we will get to. Yeah. Really loving fallout in your role in that and your portrayal of the Goul. I'm just so, it's so funny because I was thinking about, you know, what are your influences and what sort of lit you up, you know, when you were a kid?


Yeah. I'll never forget, I think it was the first year I was doing the late night show, so it'd be 1993. We had Billy Bob Thornton on and he had just done, he had just done Slingblade. And I'm talking to him And, I'm thinking, oh my God, this guy's up for the Oscar. And he's, everyone's talking about this new guy, Billy Bob Thornton. And what a, what an incredible, he transformed into this character. And what an amazing And I sit down with him. And I said, so, you know, and I'm nervous 'cause I'm new at this gig, not sure I'm gonna make it And I just said, well, what are your influences thinking? He would say, well, you know, the plays have checkoff or something. And he said, the Andy Griffith show. And I said What?


And then he proceeded to talk about the Andy Griffith Show for the entire interview. And so I was fascinated by that because I thought, I love that. He knows the Andy Griffith show that Well yeah. And he's a, you know, he's a southern fellow, but he loves that show. And I remembered thinking, you're right. It was the best character comedy of its day. I mean, just beautifully acted and written character comedy, And I Revere that show And I think you had a similar attachment to the Andy Griff show, didn't you? Yeah. I can't believe that you're bringing bringing that up. First and foremost, the Billy is an an old friend of mine, and we met doing the Apostle with Robert Deval And. it, it was just kinda right around that time.


He was, I think maybe he had done the movie, but the movie hadn't come out yet. And then I, I had done this movie with, with Dwight Yoakum. And so I had fallen into this group of, you know, some of my heroes because I'm from the south, you know, and he's from Arkansas And. it is Dwight Yoko. No, but they were genuinely some of, some of my, some of my heroes, And I, And I was hanging, hanging out with them. And I was camping up in, in Yosemite after Sling Blade came out, And I came down for some reason to call my answering machine from the payphone that is in the middle of nowhere up there. And I called. And there was a, a, a message from Billy Bob saying, you know, Hey man, you know, I've got this thing I want you to, to do and, but you need to get here immediately.


I went with my girlfriend, packed all the stuff up, came back and went down and do it. Did it. But Andy Griffith was in that movie and, and so we got to meet Andy Griffith and kind of hang out with him. But getting ready, as most actors do or creators do the same question for you, but getting ready for the unicorn, I was looking for, okay, you know, what is this and who is Wade and how can I ground him? How can I make this a half hour sitcom without ever telling a joke and make it as touching as it is, as it is funny. And so I sat down and started watching all of Andy Griffith. Yeah. I thought I would only watch like the first season.


but I watched the first two. It's deeply political. It's deeply personal and it's comforting. Yeah. And. it is And it is very, very funny. And my son came into the experience with me and we didn't stop until we finished RFD Mayberry. RFD Yeah. At the end without Andy even involved with it anymore. Sure. And I And. it is, it's an extraordinary experience. It's unbelievable. You got to work with Andy Griffith. Yeah, I'm, I'm a I'm a huge, huge Andy Griffith fan. And we, we actually, this movie that my partner And I made at one point, we, we wanted, it was the fourth movie we made, but we made a movie for, we produced a movie for somebody else, another filmmaker.


And it was called them that Follow, not Them That Follow. That's my movie. It was called, I think you're having a total psychotic breakdown. I Am having a psychotic break. And I think you need a drink immediately. I do Need a drink. This coffee just isn't cutting it. You know what, I'll, I'll think, I'll think of the name of the movie in a second. I, I, these things come and go with me. I'm like right here in the middle, you know, In the moment. We can, we can I can we can insert it later using my voice. Yes. But I'll be trying to sound like you perfect. And. it will be awful. Yeah. Can you say the sentence you're gonna say and leave a space for the movie and then we'll put Conan's Perfect version of it and it'll be, we were, we were, we were doing this movie called That Evening Sun, and We reached out to Andy Griffith first.


Right. And he, he read it and he just wasn't comfortable with it. But that was our, our one chance to, to work with, with Andy after this experience with Billy Bob. And we wound up reaching out to Hal Holbrook and, and Hal did it and Yeah. And killed it. Yeah. I Don't think I've told this story. I hope I haven't, but Andy Griffith was on our show early on. No. Yes sir. And sometimes, you know, the writers will pressure a performer to do a sketch or a bit if you go on a late night show and Hey Walton, it'd be, it'd be funny if we cut backstage and you, or you know, we were lighting you on fire or something. That's a bit we always try to do. Anyway, this writer who, God bless him, he's not with us anymore.


Marsh McCall, but walked up to Andy Griffith and said, Mr. Griffith, we have this idea for you that you could do on the show where Cohen's doing the monologue and we cut backstage to you And. it could be really funny. Andy Griffith could not have been nicer. He said, you know, sir, I thank you so much for this offer and I'm really honored I do love Writers And. I've always relied on great writing and, but I think I'll take a pass. I just wanna talk to Cohen And, I think this first time and maybe when I come back. And so, wow. Marsh. So Marsh leaves the room, then Marsh decides, you know, it's a really funny idea. And he goes back and he goes, excuse me, Mr. Griffith. And he goes, yes, sir. And he says, I just think it'd be really funny. I mean, it is a really funny idea and maybe I didn't explain it right. And he tells him the whole idea again.


And Andrew Griffith says, well, no, I I do understand the idea Sir And I appreciate it. And thank you so much, And I. Just think I'll take a pass this one time and I'll just talk to Conan and we'll have the interview and, and again maybe next time. And Marsh leaves and Marsh goes out in the hallway and he just had the bit in his mouth. He couldn't let it go. So he went in one last time and he went, I'm sorry, Mr. Griffith. And Andy Griffith turned to him and said, with a big smile, son, just walk away. And it's Andy Griffith from Facing the Crowd. It's that Andy Griffith, the Crowd son. Just walk away. Yeah. And I've never forgotten that. Wow. What a great, I've got a, it's a Great story.


Yeah. I just don don't know, but I'm, I'm thinking about, what's interesting to me is that on Justified you were not supposed to be a recurring character, you know, in, in Justified. And what's amazing is that only made sense to me later on, because in the first episode with you, Tim Oliphant, you know, famously at the end, towards the end of the episode, shoots you And, it looks like he shoots you right through the heart. And then later on they go, he's okay. And I thought, oh, he shot you in the non-vital part of the heart. And I. I I mean, when you looked at it later on, it was because they looked at you, they looked at the you and the dailies and everything, and they said, we can't let this guy go.


Yeah, Yeah. But you didn't get shot in the arm. You didn't get shot in the throat. I got you. Shot through, through the heart at Close Range. I got sh And I and then the next episode, well, I'm pretty sore about that. They, I think they filmed this, I mean, if I remember it correctly, they, they added the scene for the top of episode two. I, I, I think, don't forgive me if I'm wrong, where I'm, I'm, I think Nick Cy and Raylen are having a conversation or something, something like that. But I'm just being fared out on a gurney. Like, like that's where he says he made it And I. You know, I'm just kind Of, there's a hole of the size of my fist in your heart. That's a big gun.


He had a big gun, But they got you to a really good hospital on that country road. Yes. But you know what's fun is, I mean, you've played so many great characters, but, you know, in the Righteous gemstones, I feel like the, the minute I started watching that show, I the, and then you showed up. Mm. And I Remember not knowing you were gonna be in the show. Right. For some reason. And the minute you show up, I thought, you can't do the righteous gemstones without Walton Goggins. You have to have him. Did I tell you, did I tell you the story about the, about the David Gordon Green was directing that episode and the very first time you meet Baby Billy, he's in a, he's in a bathtub.


You know, I know this. He's in a, he's in a hot tub kind of. He's a Yeah, yeah. Hot tub, bathtub outside, looking out at his land, looking out over his empire. Yeah. And, and at some point in the scene he stands up and you know, he's his or he's fully naked and there It is. And the viewer sees Yeah. Viewer sees everything. Yeah. And, and then he turns around, he gets, puts on his bathrobe and then steps outta the bathtub. Well they called in a, a body double to do that. Yeah. Who was 76, 78 years old, something like that to be in the, in the tub. Right. And they flew him in from Chicago. And I'm like, how Did you, what's the audition Pro?


You couldn't find him in South Carolina. Really? You had to go to Chicago. So he comes in And I, meet him. You had to go To Chicago to find a dick. Yeah. This Guy's top of his game though. You have to understand Top of his game trusted Guy. Yeah. And And I And I met him on that day. And he was dressed like me, kind of looked like me and And, I'm thinking like, who, who are you? He said, I'm you, you know, I'm your, your body dub. I'm standing in for you And. It's like, oh, okay. Cut to the show comes out. There it is. And I. Get a phone call from this friend of mine who, who says, oh my God, baby Billy Freeman. I just, I, I, I can't stand it. I love it so much. And can I just say how good your body looks?


And I said, what the fuck are You talking about? He's 76. 76 years Old. You think that's my fucking body? True story. I did wonder Because The penis is right there. Penis is right there in High definition. Yeah, that's right. Beautifully lit. I mean, it Is not, it's not. It's a, it's a nice pen. I mean it's a nice penis But It I know. Definitely a Chicago penis. It's a Chicago penis, you can tell. And you know what, south side deep dish, that's a south side penis. A deep, deep dish South side. That's a White Sox penis. That's not a Cub's penis. Does not have a Southern accent. Yeah. Oh. Very, very Yankee's going.


What's going on here? What are we doing here? Down south? Hey, shut up. You're ruining I just got outta a hot tub. Yeah. Gotta get a sausage. Come to the white sock. Yeah. Wow. That was, yeah, I just love there. And there's, I mean, Danny McBride obviously, you know, you guys work together so well. Yeah, He's, you know, he is, he is the funniest person I have ever met in my life. We did this photo shoot for a GQ for vice principals. And this one particular, it wasn't even a skit.


We were just dressed up and they were taking these photos and he was Ronald McDonald. And I was the hamburger. And we were just like hanging out and they were doing this back background kind of video or whatever. And I was just talking to them and as the hamburger smoking a cigarette and talking about Yeah. You know, I was, I was, I almost went to jail for stealing, you know, stealing stuff. Like when I was in high school, I got in with the wrong kids. And as, as if the Hamburg, this was the hamburger's experience. But, it was my experience. Right. I had, I had that kind of like happen when I was in a freshman high High school. I love, I love a real depiction of the hamburgers. Yeah. Like, man, You gotta be committed on the hamburger. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta be committed.


And just at the end out nowhere, Danny just said like, insult camera. He's like, do you know what the worst thing is? I stole What a child. No. And you're Like, and he's dressed, he's dressed as like Ronald McDonald's. He's dressed As Ronald McDonald's. And, and it's like, drop the microphone. Yes. There it Is. There you go. Walk off. And, And we just lost our McDonald's sponsorship. Yeah. It was a part he was playing. Not, It was a Part All. right. Look, I wanna make sure we talk about Fallout because this, first of all, I had my own introduction to the game a long time ago. And this is not, what I love is, I was talking to someone about this the other day who runs Warner Brothers a smart guy.


And he was telling me that when you do a show about a game, which is becoming more common, you've gotta kind of forget the game. Because this, it has to be a great story. Meaning yes, you're using the characters and everything. But it. You can't rely on fandom from the game. No. So we did a, a, a thing with Fallout when it first came out. Yeah. We did a clueless gamer and, and yeah, they made us skin tight vault suits. Yep. And we did a whole cold open where you are walking, as the bombs are dropping, Conan is walking along the back lot and goes to his personal vault, which just happens to be located in the Gilmore Girls gazebo. Yeah. The Gazebo open, the Gilmore Girls gazebo opens up And I go down inside So.


anyway, that was my introduction to Fallout. So at some, you know, familiarity with the game, not much, but even though it's a massive success, but then I start watching the show and it's fantastic. Your character, which is, I don't want to give anything away, but it's very cool. You meet your character at the beginning, and then you see your character sometime later and your character's been through this insane transformation. I, I think you can give anything away. I think it's all, all out there. You can talk about whatever You want. You show up at the beginning, cowboy working a par a kids party, putting kids on the pony, and then the bombs start to drop and you take off And. then we cut to, which I believe is a long time later.


Couple of hundred two. Yeah. 200, 219 years. 219 years. I thought it was two 15. But let's check that Eduardo. Anyway, it's my podcast. It Would've been a better story if it was two 15. Two 15. Really sells it. Two 19 now. Anyway. But your character's been ravaged and one of the things that, you know, I mean, I can, it's you and it's a great performance, but that makeup does not look like something that can happen quick. Like, you can't get a 20 minute powder to become the ghoul and start riding around in this hellscape. I've seen that Instagram time lapse of you getting into makeup. Yeah. How long does it take? Well, We did, we did three tests and the first test took five, five hours.


Jesus. Five hours. And on that particular day, I, it just so happens that I was bit by a brown recluse spi spider five times that morning. It's a, it's a true story. It's bananas. I had to go to the emergency room and get a shot. Did. You shot Did. you keep taunting it after it bit you the first time. Yeah. Whoa. Try again. Is that all you got? Try get tied. Whoa, whoa. And Oh, you got, come on. Stay away from my penis. Stay away from my penis. Just the thigh. Just the thigh. Yeah. The spider's. Like, that's not the penis. It doesn't look like the penis I saw in righteous gemstones. I don't recognize his penis. That wasn't your penis. It's baby Billy Friedman. That penis Was in great shape. Yours is all fucked up from jerky and weird South American lour.


This is much smaller than I remember. Hey, easy man. Come on. Easy. Come on. Enough with the criticism. So, so well, so to have to then go perform after you've, even if you get the time down to four hours or We, We got it. We did get it down to, to two two hours. Right. To two 15. But still, it's, it's a lot. Yeah. You're there before the sun goes up, obviously. Yeah. We're there way before the sun goes up. Me and, and my buddy Jake Garber, who's an old friend of mine who, who did the application and one of the best in the business. And we, the whole thing, it was, it was intense. I, I'm claustrophobic by nature.


I've never done anything like this except for one time for this movie, for a friend of mine that we shot down in South Africa. I was extremely overwhelmed by the thought of the process, you know, once it really dawned on me exactly what this was going to be like every single day. But, you know, with anything else, you just, it becomes a new normal. And then I, it was something that when I didn't have to wear it, And I played Cooper Howard, which is the same guy 200 years earlier before the bombs dropped. As the story progresses, I felt vulnerable without it. I felt like I didn't have my, my armor and people wanted to talk to me and they, you know, they wanted my attention.


Whereas when I was the Gould, the ghoul, everyone left me alone. And I, And I like that can See, you can see why. Yeah. No one messes with no one, no one says to the gul, Hey, what time is it? Yeah. Yeah. And Cooper Howards, everybody's like, oh, hey, what's up Cooper? How I, man, what's going on? I'm like, just fucking don't talk to me. Please. It's ama I mean Yeah. I'm amazed by the makeup can inform it. Obviously you still have to do the acting. You still have to bring the performance, but the makeup will inform that And. it is, it's, it's, you know, it's what's, what's possible and what's impossible. Yeah. You know, and And it, the very first time we put it on it, again, it took five hours. And I was in a drug state from getting bitten by a brown reckless.


but I took it outside for, I just asked for, for an hour and a half by myself and just sat in, in the sun and then sat in the shade and, and took a lot of video of it just to see what this Ferrari would do. Like, what is, what is possible? How can you take a corner here and looked at the neck and like, okay, what if I touch my head? Am I gonna, am I gonna break this skin? Right. Can I touch my face? And And, it was after that hour and a half and kind of photographing it, that we applied it two more times. And then the very first day came where we were filming And. it happened to be 106 degrees heat index in New York where we were filming And I. I didn't anticipate that. I didn't anticipate the hot, how hot it would be underneath it.


It was the first day that I had put the clothes on. Yeah. With the prosthetics, where the boots on everything was happening, the guns, the, the, the gloves, the whole thing. And the last piece that really was the straw that broke the camel's back were these two innocuous retainers that I had to put in my mouth because some people think my teeth are too white. don don't know. Yeah. Yeah. They don't, They don't fit in the wasteland. So we, we had to put these in And I thought, oh my God, I can't really see, my peripheral vision is kind of gone. And now I've gotta, you know, I have this speech impediment. I'm like talking like this, you know, like, like for the first time, I, I just didn't anticipate that I hadn't tried everything on it once.


And, and we got out there and we did it. And the first couple of days, Conan, honestly, I would look at Jonah after every take frustrated and deeply insecure about it and say, are you, what are you seeing here, man? Are you, are you seeing anything that I'm, are you getting what you need? Yeah. Yeah. I can't, I don't know how to indicate don don't know how to alter what's going on inside of my body and my mind. I don't want to, I don't, all of a sudden I'm not just gonna gesticulate to, to inform the audience about how I feel. Or is this just gonna look like, am I gonna look like a, it's just a blank page. Yeah. And is, are you gonna get anything from this? And he kept saying, Walton, we see it all, everything is in your eyes. Yeah. It's true. We see your, you know, it's True.


Yeah. It's true. You are, you are blessed with, you've got those, I've, I've got sneaky Beaty eyes. You've got those big, you got those big peeps. You know, and, and you can do so much with those. And also, I have to say, I mean, as a fan of Fallout and you've been watching it too Oh, I, I love it. You're absolutely, I'm a huge fan of the game, and you are absolutely incredible. And it. And it's so fun to see you play that character. It's such like a, I'm rooting I know I shouldn't be, but I'm really rooting for the ghoul. He's awesome. Yeah. Thank you Very much. I always root for the ghoul. Yeah. Well, in any situation, I also very nerd Nerdly. I love how, how Cooper's outfit then kind of becomes like the blue and gold. Like in the beginning, that first scene is insane.


Yes. With the bombs dropping like truly Yes. At the party. Yeah. Oh my God. On like, iconic And not many people have picked up on the fact that, that he never changes his costume. No. Yes. He's entertaining Yes. At a children's party. Yeah. And then all these years later, the, the, the script has flipped and he's in this completely other reality. And now he's the most feared man in this wasteland. Oh, it's great. But you can, but that's his origin story. And it's still part of him But it. How, what, you know, the, the, the biggest question is why is he performing at a Yeah. A children's birthday. A birthday party. Yeah. When he's a Western movie star. What happened in between that? So, and they bring that up too. Geneva and, and, and Geneva Dewart Robertson and Graham Wagner and, and Jonah. These are amazing writers.


And and they put together a great room. It's Beautiful. Yeah. And it's beautifully done. And talk about sometimes they, they spend money on something and You don't see it on the screen. Yeah. This looks fan it. Absolutely fantastic. Yeah. Have you ever, have you ever interviewed Jonathan Nolan? No, I have not. Okay. I don't think he would get mad if I say this. Jonah Nolan is not a funny man. Like, he's not a funny guy. Right. He is arguably one of the smartest people I have ever met in my life. I mean, he is men's A level, right? He's a, he's a, he's a, he's a genius. Really. And just in a conversation about anything about fucking water, it's, he's so inter entertaining. But, but, and I know I've been a fan since Memento, like everybody else.


Yeah. And I know his body of work and, and he just turned on a dime man. And, and photographed this world in a hyper absurd, stylized way, you know, the violence. And it's like, I, I've never seen him do something like that. And that, that's what I was blown away by most when I saw the first two episodes back in October or whatever. Well, I, I, I am a huge fan of not just, I mean, that's funny. Fallout is great, and that's what you were, you know, here to mention at the end. but I, just look at all the work that you've done and you always deliver every single time. And so just a thrill to have you on, to get to talk to you.


And if nothing else, say thanks for the dead squirrel. That's, that's rotting in. Can I can I say, can I say something? Yeah. The reason why I chose the word cozy, And I knew that this was, you had to pick a word when you kind of came on here, because I knew that this was going to be a familial experience. Oh, good. Not that we're a family, but you have been so kind and generous to me over the years. Oh, I was a fan from day one. So like, the, the first time we met and then, you know, just, just delighted. Delighted and, and also delighted for you that, I mean, we didn't even mention what's bigger than the White Lotus. And that's upcoming. So you gotta come back.


Oh, I'm def I'm definitely, I'm definitely coming back. Do you remember the last, the last thing that we said? And I. Don't know if this was the last time we were together, But. it was a significant time. We were together and we were talking about how people always butcher your name, Walter Siggins and s Scroggins or whatever. And, and we had a great laugh about it. And the next day I was flying off to go back to work. And I stopped at the Starbucks. Right? By LAX. Yeah. And then I, the woman had my order. She brought my coffee out. And I looked at the cup. And I started laughing my ass off. And I sent you a photo because it on the cup it said Wilton SCHs.


Wilton SCHs. Like, do you remember that? I, yes. I do. I do. Yeah. What a joy, man. All you want is your coffee. Hey. So please come back anytime. And I. Just congratulations on your insane success. It's, it's borderline absurd. It's all going your way. And I. Just jinxed it. And hey, and let's get together with, you know, you me, let's get Billy Bob. 'cause I've had dinner with him And Elephant. Yeah. We'll get Elephant. We'll get Elephant in there. But we gonna make want to lean Southern and then Elephant and I can be the odd guys out. Perfect. You know who are saying we have to go, we're tired, we have to go home And we'll just serve biscuits and country fried steak, fried chicken, and We'll get out our fiddles and you'll put on your clogs.


Dig, dig, dig. All. right. We'll See you soon. Thank you so much, brother. Yeah. Thank You. Bye.


I have to say, this is a busy summer for me. You gotta admit that, right? It is. David is, yeah. Very excited. I'm gonna be making a little appearance with some friends. Yeah. At the Newport Folk Festival. Ooh. And here's the deal. You know me, I, I get tired of hotels. Yeah. I go to a hotel and it's just, oh, Sir. Right this way. Oh, Ms. O'Brien. Yeah. And that's in New York. You carry, carry your bag. Yeah. Yeah. Let me hold your bag for you. Oh, Ms. O'Brien. This Way. Hey, we're in the Bronx. What's going on Ms. O'Brien? This way. I'll show you how to use the toilet I. know how to use the toilet. Hey. And you know, it gets on you. You know what I mean? It gets you crazy. Right? Oh, come on. I don you all that. That's why I prefer Airbnb because I get to chill in a space that feels natural. Yeah. There's no one around fussing over me. You're like at home, you feel like you're at home. And also I can have, you know me, I like to have a cool gathering. Like let's say I'm at the Newport Festival and there's some cool musicians there, And. I wanna have 'em over to my place and we're gonna chill in our space. That's my vibe now, I think is, I think I'm an Airbnb guy. Yeah, I really do. Yeah. So David, you gotta look Newport. Find me an Airbnb. Okay. Where I can chill. All. right. Okay. We'll find the guest favorites. Yeah. And you should listen too. Airbnb. It's the way,


there's nothing quite like the feeling of an upgrade when you're traveling. Well, as a T-Mobile customer, you can take the perks with you. Check this out. That's nice. Whether you're going on a weekend getaway outta the mountains, or let's say you're on a dream vacation, or in my case, a work trip to Thailand. It's just fantastic. Let me explain. It starts the moment you take off with free in-flight wifi so you can stream your favorite show on the go. I mean, that's incredible. That Is actually Pretty sweet. I love that. I mean, that's insane. I'm always there with my credit card, you know, can, can't figure it out. I lose the credit card. Yeah. The phone is stolen. Someone punches me. You start crying. I cry a lot when you land. T-Mobile's got you covered with 15% off all Hilton brands and an upgrade to Hilton Honors Silver. Mm. Plus you're covered with five gigabytes. Five gigabytes. That's more than four of high speed data in over 215 countries in destinations with the go 5G plus or next plans. These are just a few of the perks that feel like big wins when you travel with T-Mobile And it, it's nice to stay connected to your family. I travel a lot, I do these travel shows. And if I'm filming another country I know I can get to my family right away. Yeah. They usually don't wanna speak to me, but they have to. They screen Your calls a lot, don't They? I suspect them of screening. Yes. Find out how you can experience travel better at T-Mobile dot com slash travel today. Qualifying plan required wifi were available on select US Airlines registration and Hilton Honors membership required for Hilton Honors Silver terms and conditions apply.


You wanna watch your favorite TV shows and movies on a TV whose clarity, color, and contrast really shines through. You need Samsung Ole? Yeah. No, it's not some Swedish monster. It's Ole Let's Samsung Ole Immerse you with unbelievable details and picture quality. Their AI powered processor upscales your favorite movies and shows in brilliant 4K resolution. So even old content looks amazing. And our podcast has never looked better. I've seen my podcast in Samsung. oled, my face comes out through the screen. Oh, I'm there with you. Don't be afraid. That's what I really look like. This is the only OLED TV validated by the industry leading color experts at Pantone. Mm. You can experience colors as they're meant to be seen. They Know colors at Pantone. One of my big pet peeves when watching TV is glare. I hate glare. I hate it too. Yeah. I have to wear sunglasses sometimes when I watch tv. But the oled, that doesn't make sense. S nine five D has ole glare free technology so you can watch with almost no glare. You know, I'm a big gamer. I love me games. Yeah, I love my games. I love Sizzle Busters. I love playing Cor Sizzle. Coel Sizzle. Oh, I'm really good at that one. And I got to level nine. I visited the planet. I have Jabon ga. That's why I'm excited that the Samsung OLEDs Motion Accelerator delivers ultra smooth 144 hertz motion. And the AI Auto Game Motel is your game settings to its genre. My video game skills have never looked better experience to be the way it's meant to be seen with Samsung oled. Visit samsung.com/oled to learn more. Upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experience may vary according to types of content and format.


Ladies and gentlemen, we are attempting to do a segment in a way we never or rarely ever do. And that is without a net. We don't know what we're gonna talk about. Oh, That's every single time I do think that's always, we've never known what we were gonna talk about. No, but but there's always a general idea for the segments. Oh, this time we have no subject. We couldn't think of anything. Sona was talking about Circuit City just a second ago. We are in real dire stir. I really thought she was hitting gold when she was talking about Circuit City. We're free ball. Lemme Let me understand something. Circuit City no longer exists. No, No. What are you, do you think it exists? You don't think it exists? I'm in a bubble. I, you know what? No. Hey, has Radio Shack gone? No. Radio Shack is not gone. What? Okay.


Yeah. What's, wait, I dreamt about Radio Shack the other night. Do you think it's not gone because you dreamt about it? I'm just realizing it was a dream. No, I think it's gone. Is it? Yeah. So many things from my childhood are just gone. Yeah. Yeah. And it's, it's crazy. And then if you ever accidentally mention it, people think you're just this insane out of touch fool. But. it was a real strong memory in my youth. Radio Shack. Radio Shack. I remember Radio Shack for a big deal. Which One hurt? Do you remember anything closing where you were like, oh Man, I remember Howard Johnson's when I was a little, little kid, like bef you know, really young was a big deal and, and my grandfather would take us. I mean, these are my earliest memories would take us to a Howard Johnson's a Ho Joe's a Ho Joe's.


And then I remember when I was working at SNL in the late eighties, one of the last Ho Joe's was in Times Square. And I used to go there occasionally just because it was this connection to my youth And. it was when Times Square was a very different Times Square. Now it's all been Disneyfied. Oh yeah. You know, and there were robots walking around saying, be happy. But, but back then it was that other Times Square that you see in the, in the 1970s movies And The sex workers. Yeah. Sex workers. I was a sex worker in Times Square. Oh, okay. All. right. You Just, just standing there Trying. That's how I got the SNL job. I was Yeah, You were the main reason they dnfi it. Yeah. They're like, we gotta we gotta dify this fast.


Get the mouse in here. He's a bad gigolo. And so, but I would go to that. I would go to the Times Square Ho Joes and get a, the thing that we would get when we were little kids was just say chocolate ice cream soda with chocolate ice cream. Oh. And sit at the counter and sort of chat up the waitress. You know what I'm saying? Oh no, I don't get What you're like, just have a conversation with Yeah. Basically just say, how much is this? And I'll pay you. That's, Wait, was this a sex worker? I'm confused. No, no. This was a waitress. Alright. I was the sex worker. I see. Anyway, but then that, I think when that went away, when that hojo went away, when that Howard Johnson's went away, it was so iconic. And you can see it in old movies.


Oh, you can, I think you can, you can see it in Sweet Smell of Success. I think when that went away, I remember that was a bit of a blow. It was like, that's over. Yeah, that's over. It's time to embrace That big Arby's on, is it Hollywood Boulevard with the big hat? Yeah. Just closed. Oh, they just closed that. Yeah. But the, the pizza place is taken over and keeping the Hat. I think that's cool. If I'm not mistaken, once upon a time in Hollywood has a great sequence. And I. Think in the third act where Tarantino shows all the neon signs coming on in LA That would've been around in 1969 when the Tate murders happened. And one of them, I think is that Arby sign coming on In a Circuit City. Okay. Okay. That's a circuit sign. Well, I just don't know what's, do they still have froyo?


What? As a, as a concept. The concept of Frozen yogurt. Oh, I thought Frozen. I thought Froyo was a store. Are you just looking For something that rhymes with hojo? And so No, you're like, froyo. Is there still a Mojo Magazine? Hey, is it still, do they still have Slowmo technology? Hey, is there still, you know, people that ride the rails? Hobos Is there still bros before hosts? Yeah. Ed, what about that group? The Gogos? How about Han Solo? Is the dodos still on? Yeah. Oh God. What about that caramel Treat the Rolo. Remember the Rolo? I Love Rolos. Love I. do rolls. Were good, man. Oh, they're still around. They still, Hey, what about Chunky? Remember the Oh yeah.


The chocolate candy bar. Chunky brick. Yeah. It was a brick. Yeah. I love that candy. Yeah. I love that candy. I can't find that candy anymore. I I don know what that is. I'm telling you, life used to be better. Yeah. Well, I think one thing we can agree on is that we should agree to talk about something before doing a segment. Well, I love you. I'm always, and guess what? I'm always in favor of that. And you are the two hippies that are saying, no, man, you with, you're preparing. And I'm like, yeah, preparing is what you do. Whether you know, if you're in, in, in comedy as you think about what you're gonna do, and then you guys are like, no man podcast. Just Say it for segment. For a segment. We always have an idea for the intro. We don't need an idea because we're kind of, whenever, by the time you introduce Sona, something's already happened.


Yeah, That's true. Yeah. I do Like your Howard Johnson's, I can't believe you had like a treat. Like you would never eat that treat now. Probably not. No. Right. You would just, that's, that's a time in your life that's special. Yeah. Now I'd, my life has changed since I met my wife and yeah. She's very healthy. And now I would take some spinach, ugh. And some pea protein. Oh God. And a little bit of banana. Yeah. And I'm Woo, I'd Whip it up in the blender. And i'd. That's the sound Of your blender. Yeah. And then drink it. And my dog looks at me and looks sad for me. Yeah. You know the way a dog, usually if you're eating something, the dog's really interested in having it.


Man, when I eat pea protein and lettuce shake, my dog just goes in the corner and starts making a noose. And dogs can Lick their barf. Yeah. Yeah. Their standards are so Low. No. If I was making bar a dog barf in a blender, the dog would be really interested. But pea protein. Yeah. And oh, whole Foods, spinach, all organic. I'll just put a little banana in there just to be naughty. Hey Doug, do you want some? I would rather die. You sure? You can lick out the Oh, I'm okay girl.


I'll go eat a rock instead. That's my dog. My dog feeling sorry for me. See, we always find it. You did. I always find it. You got there. Gee, just Him. Yep, just me. Okay. I Feel like I did in a bit of an assist. Nope. You've been listening to Conan O'Brien and Two Load Stones. Also, my favorite part when he tries to figure out whether this is a segment Or an Nope. It's a segment. You're looking at The list of intra you a segment down. You looked down. I'm not confused at all. It's actually an intro. It's a segment. Well, it's con in the two albatrosses. Hope you had fun. See you later.


Stay in school. Be good to your waitress. Conan O'Brien needs a friend with Conan O'Brien, Sono of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive, produced by Adam Sacks, Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Theme song by the White Stripes. Incidental Music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Our supervising producer is Aaron Blair and our associate talent producer is Jennifer. Samples Engineering and mixing by Eduardo Perez and Brendan Burns. Additional production support by Mars Melnick Talent booking by Paula Davis, Gina Batista and Brit Con. You can rate and review this show on Apple Podcasts, and you might find your review read on a future episode.


Got a question for Conan. Call the Team Coco hotline at 6 6 9 5 8 7 2 8 4 7 and leave a message. It too could be featured on a future episode.


You can also get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at siriusxm.com/ Conan. And if you haven't already, please subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever fine podcasts are downloaded


Every day our world gets a little more connected, but a little further apart. But then there are moments that remind us to be more human. Thank you for calling Amica Insurance. Hey, I was just in an Accident. Don't worry. We'll get you taken care of. At Amica, we understand that looking out for each other isn't new or groundbreaking. It's human amica. Empathy is our best policy.


Sonic has embraced a new harmony of textures and flavors with the latest burger, creating a completely different experience introducing the Sonic Smasher. Yeah, check this out. It has two Angus beef seasoned patties, smashed and seared, crispy on the edge and juicy in the middle. That's layered with two slices of melty American cheese, a signature creamy and tangy smasher sauce, crinkle cut pickles, diced onions, and served on a pillowy soft potato bun. Hmm. guess what? Sonic is going to be sending us these smashed burgers. Ah, yeah. Yeah. You're excited about that. I love Sonic I do. And the idea, the idea of burgers that have been smashed together. Probably using some sophisticated cyclotron that fires the two patties at each other. Yeah. A thousand miles a second to create a whole new patty. I can't wait to try that. Try the Sonic Smasher today. Live Free Eat Sonic. All patties are proudly hand smashed by Sonic's dedicated team of Grow masters. No cyclotrons are used in the making of the Sonic Smasher.