
Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hey Phil, welcome to Conan. O'Brien. Needs a fan? Phil, how are you? Hey, Conan. Sona, Matt, how's it going? There's no particular orders of the way I said your name in terms of It's fine. It's fine. And it's nice to talk to you, Phil. Phil, tell us a little bit about yourselves. I like to, You know, get the parameters of a man before we continue speaking. What, where are you right now? So, I live in Vermont and Yeah, You've got that Vermont accent.


I was almost gonna say it and you said it for Me. I know You know this Traditional Vermont accent. Yeah. Where are you from originally? I'm originally from a town called Ipswich in England on the east coast. Ah, okay. Very nice. I felt I should experience New England. Yes. And so that's where I live now. It's so funny. I grew up in New England and really believed when I was a boy that England had stolen the names of our towns. I really believed that. Is that what they tell you? No, I just was, I found out that, You know, 'cause I grew up in Boston and there's Cambridge and just on and on and on, and I just thought, You know, Sturbridge and then I started to hear about these places in England and thought, well, why can't they, why can't they get their own names?


So I Remember I went to, I went to Ipswich Mass, so you, you may be familiar, but they have an Ipswich Mass brewery. And I went in and I said, I'm from Ipswich. And they said, well, no shit, we're in Ipswich. Yeah. And I said, no, the original. Yeah. And I expected to be carried on shoulders, but that did not happen. No, there's not a lot of, ever since we got rid of your king, we don't go carrying people around on our shoulders. It's, but, well, I'm, so you live in Vermont. How did you choose Vermont? What made you say, okay, you have the entire United States to play with? What made you choose Vermont?


I would say the beauty, if you've been Yeah, it's gorgeous. It's a beautiful state. And it also happens to be hows the location at which I work? So it was through work that I ended up in Vermont. It wasn't necessarily a choice, but I am very glad for the choice. Very beautiful state To work I to raise a kid in. I, I like New Hampshire, I like Vermont. I've spent a lot of time in both. And I am curious what you do, what you, you mentioned a job, what is your job? Yeah, so I work for an organization called High Five Adventure Learning Center. And I use adventure based activities for team and leadership development from fifth grade kids all the way up to the Boston Bruins.


So a spectrum. It's very interesting to me that it's the same principles if you're talking to someone in the fifth grade or if you're talking to a professional athlete. It's the same principles, I guess. Leadership, how to work together, how to have fun. Yeah. Is And, and, and I'm u yeah. And I would say I'm unique in that I get to take people on a ropes course in Vermont. So, You know, we bring participants up to 40, 50 feet in the air and kinda have stretch moments for them. So really have kind of really ex, ex extreme experiences really, that allows them to kind of develop more as a team. And it doesn't matter If you're a fifth grader or you're a a professional athlete, the, the heights is the great normalizer or the great equalizer.


Yeah. Now, okay, let's get into the safety of it, because you send a fifth grader up a pole, how many feet in the air? Let's say 40. 40, 50. Sure. We can be anywhere within that range. Is the child tethered or is there a good chance a child could fall to his or her, his or her doom? I would assume that if we did it untethered, we wouldn't be allowed. So no is very Much tethered at that. That seems very legalistic. So many that's, yeah. I would assume that we're one to have an untethered child that if found out one would be discovered and one could be in trouble.


I think you have untethered children, and I think kids are falling like apples, apples in October. I think they're tumbling and you're just catching them. And that's, we start To get calls from parents immediately after this. No, they're on a rope. We Belayed them. And, and I would say the, I've seen you climb, I believe there was a, a Kon Muscow episode where you climbed Yes. Your incredible physique mastered to the climb. Hey, I like you by the way. You're fantastic. And clearly you don't have a very good, you don't have a very good television screen. But, but I I I can really tell Yes, I did climb, I did a rock. A rock wall. Yeah. In Thailand, I believe. Yeah.


The, the differing factor I would say for our programs is we actually teach our participants to do the Belayed. So that is that demonstration of team and leadership development is actually giving them a skill and allowing them to be responsible for their team members. Oh. And so that is something that I really, I think that the, the, the free of you bring Eduardo bring play, but teach Sona how to Belayed. Oh. And then have Sona in charge of Conan. No, no. Yes. Guess what? Guess what, Phil? Yes. I've experienced Sona in charge of Conan. I think, I think I did about 10 years of Sona in charge of Conan.


And I was killed multiple times. Shit went halfassed all over the place. So you're saying that I would be hanging 50 feet in the air and the only thing between me and death would be a rope and Sonas holding onto it. Yes, yes, yes. Absolutely. And then, so sees a glass of white wine in the corner. Oh, let's go of the rope wine. And I go and you go shrimp, shrimp, shrimp, shrimp slip, shrimp slip Slip shrimp. Yeah, I like that idea. I think we should do this team building thing. I think that would really bring us closer together. So is it all climbing For all teams? Is It all climbing? What other things would we do? No. So I would say we range it from ground initiatives.


They may be problem solving activities on the ground. There is connection activities to get you more connected as a team. And then we focus on the development of your trust and your responsibility and your decision making. And then you bring you to that point of belaying each other. Really. That's that, that ultimate point. We'll get you there. Right. But Phil, Phil, I have a Hundred percent. Phil, lemme ask you A question. Faith in my abilities, Phil. Wow. I have a lot of faith in you, Phil. Is it possible that it's our dysfunction that makes this podcast popular? That it's our inability to get along our childishness, our peevishness, our, our just overall, I don't know, just refusal to act like Yeah.


Good people. Yes. That might be the glue here. That's right. It's that we don't, don't have a balance. We have a like equal amount of repulsion for each other. Yes. That we're pulling on each other with equal amounts so we stay tethered, You Know? Yeah. Yes. Is that possible? It's highly possible. And actually, I, You know, I've listened to all of the episodes and I, from my professional lens, I would say you're a really high functioning team. Oh, team. Despite the repulsion, I I, I think that repulsion could be there. Yeah. And your team could still be successful. I like the head no. So No, no, I Don agree. I am I am agreeing with you that there is some in architecture, sometimes in artworks because various forces are acting upon each other in an aggressive way.


Yeah. But that's what holds it all together. I've often heard, often I've heard aviation experts describe a helicopter as a machine that wants to pull itself apart, but it's engineered in such a way that it doesn't. And that's actually what gives ITSs integrity. That's the analogy. That's the, I think we're a helicopter that desperately wants to fly apart rotors zipping in every direction. Adam Sacks walking into the room, his head being lopped off, carnage massacre flames. But it, it, something keeps it all together. And because of that, we're able to fly around through the air and give the local traffic report. Yeah. So everywhere around you is destroyed.


But this group Yeah. Stays intact. Yeah. Wow. Beautiful. That's nice. I Where did you first become interested in all of this? Phil, you're a young boy, you're Yeah. Living in eastern young. Boy, what I'm saying, he's a young boy. He's in eastern coast. I'm imagining of England. The, the salty air sausage for breakfast, please. You know, also some beans. The ever present beans and something. Some tea with milk. Milk, yeah. Syrup. Yeah. And then something Vermont Please. You are, you are getting, we're talking about it very heightened. Right? I thought we were talking about Vermont.


And then, and then suddenly you, you get into team building. Was there, was there another plan along the way or was this always the plan, do you think? So I was, my, my education is in teaching, and so I was gonna become a teacher and I came over to the States to do a summer camp program. It, it's a rite of passage it seems like, for a European to enter America and work a summer camp program. Yes, yes. So I felt like I had to do it. And at the camp, they had a ropes course, they had team development, and they did year round programming. And I kind of just fell in. They said, you've got a teaching degree, we'd love for you to stick around. And they sponsored my visa and Oh, very cool.


18 years later, I'm still here. So. Oh, wow. I've yet to find my way home. I've been Well, I I think you're, you're thriving. It's reminding me. Yeah. I went to summer camp in Freedom New Hampshire. Yeah. And there was a camp there called Krag Mountain Farm. And we had, I had a, one of my counselors was from Britain, so, and I remembered climbing the presidential mountain range, and there was this gentleman with a British accent who would tell us to move our asses, get up that hill. Yeah. And we killed him and we ate 'em. Yeah. It was delicious. Appropriate. Yeah. We, we were running low on food. We only had six more weeks of food left for a two day hike.


So it was necessary that he, that he die and be eaten. Phil, I really respect people that teach for a living. And I, it's, it's absolutely wonderful. And do you find ever that a kid or even an adult gets up to the top of the pole and they just won't budge and they just won't move? And you, you're coaxing them and coaxing them, but they don't move. What do you do at that point? Push BB Gun. So I think it really, BB Said Push them, Push them in BB gun, the, this is what I'm working with. Are you up there with them or is someone up there with Them? No, so, but, but I would, but I would say the, the question of push them does come up often and it's the number one thing we say not to do.


Oh. So sorry, Sona, the can I give, give you love, Can give you my suggestion. Electrify, electrify the pole. They, they suddenly sat, they suddenly spread out like a flattened squirrel and they fall through space. I love it. An electrified pole. That's the answer. Do they have, you don't have, because it, no, it is not my concern. What I'm saying is that a BB gun, you have to hit them 50 feet. Well that's, that's a whole nother activity for some other children, for some team building, You know? So you're kind of combining Another group. Yeah, yeah. Off to the side. Yeah. So to answer the question, I, there's two parts to it.


I like that you laughed at that. Well, we, there's two parts to it. What We're clearly not trying to Learn anything. So, well, I'll, I do, I will answer your question and give you the knowledge you need to the three idiots. A little to be gun pushing an electrifying the hole. Yeah. I'm wondering if I'll find myself in a situation where I have to push a kid down a pole. I don't know. But I'm, I'm eager to hear how to do it. This is the next career path for you, Matt. So Iva, we have adequately prepared the students so that we're not having people up who shouldn't be up there.


We don't force them up. They Should be. Oh, so there's a long, there's a lot of training before they go up the poll. Yeah. I would say there's like loads of sequencing planning. It's part of the risk management thing. And then, but I, the other component is that I teach as well as teaching the team building stuff. I also teach rescue training for those kind of scenarios. So, oh, we can have participants go up to height or staff members, sorry, go up to height and then help pick a participant off the course. So there are, there's like a spectrum or a range of rescue scenarios that we can do. And I teach those two. Wow. So from a like a risk management lens, I would say you're in safe hands because not only can we deal with the, with the mental side of how to help people, but we can also deal with the physical component of getting someone down if necessary.


We wouldn't want to push someone there, unfortunately. You berate. That'd be terrible. I think electrifying much better. Berating is good too. Little pussy. Sona brings up a good Sona. Brings up a good point. Are you, it could be valuable to shame if shame someone who doesn't. Sure. Yeah. That, Yeah. And, and, and, and you, You know, If you, I know your first reaction as an educator is that, oh, you can't, you can't shame a fifth, fifth grader. But I was shamed many times as a fifth grader and I think it molded me into the, to the person I am today. Case in point. Well hold it. What? Excuse me. Okay. I driving home in three Maseratis all tied together. Not easy to do.


But what I'm saying, Phil, is that if a child fails and is, has to be brought down, is there any ceremony where the child is maybe drummed out, little ettes are torn from his shoulders, pelted, You know, or, or in some way made to suffer for his cowardice? I would say that regardless of anything I do to try to reduce that from happening, that will probably happen in some way. Yeah. Yeah. Kids will be kids I would say, I would say the worst people that would, if there's a school group, sometimes the worst people are the teachers. Oh. And if it's a family group, the worst people are the parents. They're the ones who are screaming the obscenity sometimes.


But, but for the most part, I think that we are very calm and relaxed about the way that we talk with our students. Yeah. And we attempt not to shame people if they were to Oh, boom. Fail or come down. Can You know, pretend I'm sorry If you our teacher, 'cause I, I understand you have a little game us to play and maybe work with us. Okay. We've just shown up in Ipswich, Vermont. Our car broke down. It overheated. It was a 1977 Hyundai, which didn't even exist. No. We weren't even planning on going No and no. We were driving through, we were on our way to a yard sale because they have a ton of those in New Hampshire and Vermont.


You've probably noticed that on the weekends everyone just puts literally toilet seats on their yard and says it's a yard sale. I beg to differ Vermont. But anyway. And please no angry letters. I won't read them. So we come wandering in and we need your team building. What would you have us do? So first I would say you're in the wrong place 'cause there's no Ipswich, Vermont. So, but, but after you've Son of a bitch, he just sha you just shamed me. I'm Phil. And all the other kids are laughing. It does come from the teacher loser. You little pussy. Oh no, you're a geography imbecile.


Yeah. I'm gonna shut you off the, from New England. I can't wait a minute. All this shame. Stop firing Bebes at me. All this shame is molding me into an amazing comedian. Thank you, Phil. Task done and task done. You arrive and then I say get back into your car, please. We don't, my service are no longer Needed. Yes, very good. No, but If you make it to the right location, and I think the first thing we would start with is because adventure I think sometimes gets misinterpreted as the climbing parts. Yep. But adventure is any form of risk. And it could be physical, it could be emotional, it could be social risk.


The first thing you're gonna start with is actually talking about our emotions, which can be a risk for some people I know. And I can see the excitement in your faces and the pointing of other people. So what we're gonna do is, I am going to share with you on the screen a number grid. So you've got one through 57. So, so what I'm gonna ask, I'll, I'll ask one of you at a time. We can start with Conan. I'm gonna ask you to pick two numbers. Okay. That's a level of risk. 'cause You know what's behind them. But there are emotions and feelings, words under these numbers. Okay. What I would like you to do once you see the words is describe an experience or name, an experience that you have had where you have experienced both of those feelings at the same time.


Because we as humans are not only experiencing one thing at a time when it comes to emotions. Okay. And so, but the, the see which situation I wanted to be that you've experienced as a trio. So an experience you've had that you've experienced these Emotions. Oh, the three of us have had, okay. And wow, this is a, I gotta thread a lot of needles here. It's gotta be, it's gonna be two emotions I've felt at the same time. Emotions. Time with, with these two. Okay. So I'm gonna Go with, we're gonna chill hums. Yeah. I'm gonna go with 17 and I'm gonna go with 44. Okay. So 17 is angry. Oh my god, So far. No problem. Of alright. Hang, hang on. No scenarios. Yeah. And you've also experienced embarrassment, all of you both angry and embarrassed alongside your chill chums Today.


Oh, well, I mean, yeah. Excluding just now and the interview we did before this, listen, I talked to some, You know, I worked hard to become, You know, a fairly well known celebrity. And then these two are coasting on my coattails. I'm often sitting here with some of the biggest names in the business. Or if you're a bumblebee, the buzz nurse and God outta control, he's outta control. And I, I'm Angry about that. I'm embarrassed. I'm here with peace too. I mean, you were my assistant and somehow you were elevated to the top of the showbiz pile. Yeah. Matt Gourley is in a zither band. He plays some of the coolest, You know, spots in Pasadena and he haunts the Rose Bowl swap meet.


And I've put both of them in rooms with Harrison Ford, You know, some of the biggest stars in the world. All of the Kardashians have been here at the same time. And You know, I I do, I sometimes get angry about that and feel embarrassed that they lack the skills that I've spent years in the minds of comedy working. Yes, I do. I feel both of those things. But I'm gonna specifically name a time. I think it was one of our, just pick one. But I think I was angry and embarrassed when, when you guys, both of you became intoxicated. Oh, in one of our chill chums shows. One of, Well, it's happened several times.


And I, every time, and I, You know, I pride myself on being a professional and of course I ivied a little, but was still in plenty of, I, I I know my, my levels my tolerance very well. And so I still was in control and I was ashamed, I'm gonna add ashamed to embarrassed and angry. Oh wow. Oh yeah. I was angry, embarrassed, ashamed. And I felt superior to both of you. Oh, I'm adding that one too. I'm also adding that. That's a lot. Yeah. Okay. So I just, I I guess I won that contest. Yeah. Okay. I appreciate that. If it was like a set, Wasn't that the idea to win?


Didn't I win? No Team Building. We're on the same team. You're Really, you're tearing our team even further apart. But Phil Wouldn, you say what, whatever they say, it's not gonna be as good as that. So don't I win and I'm the winner? Do I get, is there a prize? I, I think to your experience, Are You questioning your experience? Are You quick children? Are you questioning your whole professional? You, you just made That man say Poof, Phil is gonna get outta the team building business. I have trained, I have worked with professional hockey athletes who have told me to f off. Yeah. And I even in this oof, that made me oof.


But I would say I really set you up there with those, almost those two words. Yeah. I'm gonna, I'm gonna pass it over if I may. Yes. To Sona. Yeah. Sona, pick two words. Let's see if we can think of a, a situation you've maybe had and let you Oh, ahead. Go for it. Go. How about 10? So 2, 2, 2 numbers. 10 And 40. Okay. These are, I can tell they're good. It's serene. Oh, oh My goodness. Well, I know when felt serene. Serene Yeah. Matches your gummy. And then, and then number 40 is frustrated. Oh. Oh, that's an interesting, Oh, that's an interesting combo. Serene and frustrated. Yeah. I know that is kind of, You felt both, You know, Trump's when I was drunk.


Yeah. I was happy I was drunk and I was also frustrated. I wasn't also a little high. Yeah. Yeah. That's a really good answer. Yeah. Yeah. That is. I Think, I Think, I think I picture Sona being sre and frustrated when she's got a bag and it's got four gummies in it and she's had three. And so she's serene, but she can't get it that fourth one 'cause it's jammed down into the bottom of the bag. I'm like Winnie the poo with the honey pock. Yeah. And your, your and your hands aren't working that well. So you're both serene and frustrated because that, that last gummy evades your grip. Yeah. Okay. All right. I like this game. Wow. I know. I like what you're doing. And, and I'm also sensing that they're, they're both tied to the chill rums experience.


Yeah. Yes. Beautifully. So yeah. Alcohol involved in both. I will highlight that also. Lastly, I'll come to you, Matt, for the last one. Okay. I'll Do 50 numbers. I'll do four. And how about 57? See how we all do Extremes? Four is, four is surprised. Ah, Okay. 57 is chill. Oh, what an end. Surprised And chill. Okay. Well I feel like I've gotta carry on with this tradition with chill. The chill chums. I felt very chill because we were having alcohol and a lot of it. Yeah. So it kind of mellow you out. Yeah. And you make an amazing drink. I, I, I wanna compliment this gentleman.


One of the best mixologists. I'm not even kidding. Your drinks are superb. That's nice. Thank you. Still, I gotta say, I was surprised when you said that you weren't drunk on the chill chumps thing because I remember you slurring some words and at one point talking to us, but looking inside The drink while you're talking to us, like it was a Microphone. I had suffered a terrible cerebral event unrelated to alcohol that night. And for you to mock me for it, it was a total coincidence that I had. Yeah. Eruption of blood into the brain. Well, it looks like we're just a bunch of terrible for that drinkers.


Wait, do you do anything with that? Oh, absolutely. And I think what's nice is that what we've able to do in this in the small moment is reflect on stuff that's happened in the past. Talk about it as a group, share some of these experiences together that have tied us together and that allows us to progress into doing stuff that's a little bit more risky as a group. So all of those things are really positive. So You're saying we should drink more, more next time Let's you out Of them on Yes. Sure. Or come to VI Vermont and I'll get you belaying each other. There you go. That's that next level. That's nice. I wanna Belayed. I believe it. So I wanna Belayed you guys. Yeah. What? Yeah, I wanna Belayed. Yeah, I wanna be in charge of your life. Okay. Let's get Belayed. Yeah. Yeah. Spring break tonight we're getting Belayed break.


Yeah. Cut to me. Hanging on a rope. Hey, tonight I'm getting Belayed. It's me hanging on a rope. You firing away with your 22? Well, I think we learned a A lot here. I can, I can already tell, I can already tell then the e the name of this episode, so that's great. That would gimme one. We're getting Belayed. Yeah, we're getting Belayed. Okay. Thanks Phil. You're doing all the work for us. Yeah. Oh, well, Phil, lovely. Absolutely lovely talking to you. Yeah, you are. Again, I say this without irony or just no joke. When people teach for a living, I think that's a beautiful thing. And you seem like you'd be great at it. I, you, you've already demonstrated Yeah.


That you're affable and you're funny and you're smart. And so thank you so much for the work that you do. And I bet you are helping a lot of people of all ages. And I, you never know. I might make my way up to blank Vermont very soon. IP switch. What's that? Is it, it's, it's not IP switch. Sorry for being so fascinated by your British roots, but maybe we, we'll maybe we will make it up there someday. And I'd like to shake your hand. You're a fine fellow and you look a little bit like a boy is welcome. You look a little bit like a younger Billy Bragg. Just gonna say that. Put that out Billy Brag. He's great. Yeah. Wow. So, so the difference is, a fifth grader once said to me, Hey Phil, do You know who you look like?


And it doesn't often go well. And I was a little concerned and I said, no, who do I look like Sona? And Matt might get the reference, but I, they told me I looked like a Lama Lama red pajama. Oh Yeah. I was gonna say Josh home. I would say, I was Thinking Gronk. Oh no, I was thinking Josh home homie from Queen of the Stoney. Yeah, queen of Stone. Yeah. Yeah. But You know what, you sound like CL Owen. These are so much nicer. Don't You think? He sounds like CL Owen? He does sound like Clive Owen. Yeah. Yeah. Well, oh, This is so much better. You are better than fifth graders. Yay. Is That a compliment? That's the nicest thing anyone said to me in a while. Oh, Phil, thank you so much. Lovely to talk to you. Continued success and I hope we cross paths in the future.


Thank You so much friends. Bye. Take care. Bye-bye. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs. Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer Aren Blair, associate talent producer Jennifer Samples, associate producers Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash conan.


Please rate review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan wherever fine podcasts are.