
There's a lot to say when buying a new home or car, but only one thing to say that can help you protect them. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Hear me? I did. I heard you. And just like that, a State Farm agent will be there to help you choose the coverage you need. You just say that and they show up. They come jumping out of a shrub. Oh, cool. No matter where You are in life, when you need the coverage options, your State Farm agent is there to help on the phone or in person, like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


It's officially sock season, otherwise known as Bombas season. That's right. The cushiest most pillowy socks. That also double is the best holiday gift. But don't be surprised if you end up keeping a few cozy things for yourself. You ever do that Sona? I love Bombas socks. And I, I also love all the other stuff that they do, the underwear and stuff like that. I like it. It's perfect. And a perfect time of year for Bombas. Yeah. I want socks. I want underwear. That's, I don't know. It's got my back. You know what I'm saying? It's, it's holding me. It's caressing me. What? It went too far. What? No, Bombas. I'm wearing 'em right now. They're fantastic. So ready to feel good and do good. Head over to Bombas dot com slash Conan and use code Conan for 20% off your first purchase. That's Bombas. B-O-M-B-A s.com/ Conan. Code Conan at checkout.


Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wanna talk to Conan? Visit Team Coco dot com slash call Conan. Okay, let's get started. Hi Eloise. Welcome to Conan O'Brien. Needs a fan? Hello? Hey guys. Hey Eloise. How are you? I'm Doing okay. Yeah, I'm doing good. Okay. Well, you're talking to, to myself, Matt Sona, the gang. Hi. And tell me, I don't know much. Tell me where are you right now? Who are you? Tell us the whole story. Sure. My name's Eloise. My pronouns are she, her. I'm calling from Manila in the Philippines. I am kind of like a healer in my community.


So I'm a relationship and life coach. And I'm also my country's first openly trained soccer player. Wow. That's fantastic. And you say you're a healer as well, so you can help people. Yes. Maybe you could help me, please. I don't know. That's a tall Lord. Please. Because, 'cause Eloise people here think I need a lot of help. A lot Of help. Okay. Who do you need help with? I was hoping you would know. I have some guesses. I don would be Rude. Well, you live in Manila. And tell me just a little bit about your life.


What do you like to do? How do you have fun? Yeah. So I work most of the time, me and my fiance, we like to throw events for our local trans and autistic community. We throw little parties. We're doing an autistic friendly drag event. And what do we do? I play a little soccer and I've been eating a lot of pizza lately Since I love pizza. Wow. This is Pizza's the great unifier. Yeah. Is of everything you just said. So you are very active in the trans community. You have lots of get togethers. What kinds of things, what kind of things do you like to do with your friends who are, who are trans?


What, like what kind of, you know, do, do you have? Yeah. Do you have parties? Do you have, what do you do? Yeah, we do like to have parties. We like to watch a lot of movies together and kind of just bond and connect over being weird. Yeah. I, I would like to join you because I, I'm told I'm weird, you know, it's part part of my life story. Yeah. I think it would be a good addition to the LGBT community. I'm not a certified representative, but I think we could use a little bit of Conan. 'cause I think I'm the only one in my community that listens to Conan.


Oh. So far. Oh, okay. Well, All right. Well then there's work to be done. That's why I'm here. I think My, leave them alone. My mission has always been to expand my presence in the L-G-B-T-Q community. Yeah. In the Philippines. Very specifically. Yeah. I said that in 1963, the year I was born. I remember that was, You remember? Yeah. Wow. You have a time machine apparently. Yeah. Yeah. Well, what I, would I, would I get along? Would I fit in with everybody? I'm a pretty friendly person. I would, they accept me. I guess that's the big question. Would your friends accept me?


Well, So this isn't going well. Eloise. Eloise. I'm not getting good signals. Eloise. Well Think. And I don't think it's the Zoom. There's a lot. I think there's a lot of work to be done. And I'm not just talking about like therapy, but I think in terms of like the queer community, like I will be playing your podcast while I'm doing my makeup in the morning. And my fiance, who's also here will be listening. Maybe be like, what is he talking about? Like, Oh. Oh, I think so. What is, yeah, there's like References. Your friends are picking up when I'm laying down, is what you're saying. Yeah. I think like the James Bond references aren't going like, yeah.


Conan, those are not my fault. Specifically The James Bond references. That's Matt. That's Matt who has the obscure references. Hold on. Last time that came up in detail. You brought it up. Yeah. Who brings up Calvin Coolidge? 'cause I don't think that, thank you. I always thought, yes, that Calvin Coolidge was huge in the trans community in the Philippines. Yeah. That was my understanding. No, not so much President Taft. I get it. But Yeah. But Coolidge, yeah, Lyndon Johnson I think is, if you, if you reference Johnson more, it would, might be a little bit Better. Okay. I'll, I'll, I'll double down on Johnson. Okay. Well, okay. So yeah, you, you say that, let's say I came to Manila and let's say that you And I were to meet and you were going to take me out for a night with your friends in the trans community.


What would we be doing? Okay. I was thinking about this and the first thing we would go to is there's this event called Girl Nation. It's a lesbian event, and it's mostly all lesbian women and some trans men. And they're like one or two chill guys. So you have to pass that test of being chill. Ooh. And also an ally once you do that. Yeah. I think that's why I'm here to help is maybe I can teach you some slang or some things that will help you blend in and not stand out. Yes. I wanna blend in very much. I want to be considered a chill guy when I go out on the town with you and your friends in the trans community. So tell me, what are the things I should know?


Thanks. I think that through some, using gay lingo, like offhandedly being very used to it, you don't have to use it all the time, but if you use it like once a day in a podcast, then yeah, you'll be fine. Gimme an example. And So I think you could say it's giving dot, dot do. And then you make a reference at the end of that. Mm. And you can use that to like, when you're like giving someone a compliment, or if you wanna be passive aggressive, you can use it to give someone an insult. But you use a very specific and obscure reference at the end of it. So you could say like, oh, it's giving, like season one love is flying episode two. And someone who just did, oh my God, Could I do Like, it's giving.


That's so true. View to a Kill Scarin. Of course. What? To James Bond. It All Bond goes back to James Bond. James, I see what you're saying though. It probably has to be a reality TV show, right? It that's better. It could be a reality. But I think, like right now, Eloise, you're totally giving me, you know, season six Love Island, episode three cheetah. I just made All that all up. Cheetah. Cheetah, Okay. Does that work? I think the delivery has to maybe improve. You know what? Yeah. 'cause I was too deliberate about it. Yes. You gotta just toss it off. I know what I mean. You have to be like analyzing.


You can just be like throwing it away. I like, oh yeah, you're totally, you can even reference like, you know, presidential terms. As long as you're specific and you're like throwing it away in a gay way, it's like, Okay, You are doing just right now. You know what? I don't need this from you. You Are So President Taft in selling the oc. Ugh, I don't need this right now. Do you know what I mean? And I would be like, oh my gosh, slay. Okay. Yeah. I know What that means. And then I say, slay right back to you. Slay. Okay. See, I think already I'm doing pretty well. You're, You're no one would know. You are basically a woman right now. There's I've, I've heard that before.


Eloise, this is a big help. You're helping me. This is good. I think You are hero. Yeah. I think I have to learn more about reality shows. Yes. What are the popular reality shows? So I can just toss them off that. Oh, Probably Love is Blind. Love is Blind. Sona maybe knows more. I would say the the entire Real Housewives franchise. I mean, if you, if you know Oh yeah. If you can reference that. Yeah. But is there a, a city that, 'cause is there a Real Housewives? I mean, you know, Cincinnati, there's Salt Lake City. Come on ci. There's Salt Lake City, there's Atlanta, there's, or Orange County was the original. I call, I'm gonna go with Atlanta and I'm gonna call it Hot Atlanta.


Okay. I'm not gonna do that. No, it's not good. Okay. That's not good. All right. But yeah, you know. Geez, what else? I mean, I, I think of, when I think of, you know, popular shows, I think of Real Housewives, but that's all I can think of off the top of head. I know Eloise, you're totally giving me. It's going well. It's going well, buddy. Keep it up. You got it. Don't watch your Flash cards. Like there from New Jersey. She is a classic. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. A little. A little Theresa. Season four Real Housewives of New Jersey. Much Eloise. Does that work? Yeah. Sleigh. It sounds a little like an insult, but I'll take it.


Vanderpump Rules. Oh yeah. Vanderpump Rules. Yeah. Do, do you know you, you're, you're very Van. I don't know a lot of the characters. Sandoval. Sandoval. Okay. Oh, that's too obvious. You gotta pick up someone. OB obscured More Obscure. Yeah. Yeah. Less fencing. What? He's the accountant on the show. I guess you could say. I'm kind of a VIP. Sure. Yeah. Very important person. Yeah. We, I think we know what VIP stands for. Well I just wanted to make sure you understood that. I'm a VIP. I knew that. I


knew. And you wanna feel that way when you're flying. You know, flying is more fun with Virgin Atlantic. 'cause you get everything you need to feel like a VIP no matter which cabin you rent. That's nice. Yeah, it is. You get on a virgin flight, you bask in purple and pink mood lighting. You sink into a comfy seat. The food's good, the drink's good. You know you have an afternoon tea on day flight. So sophisticated. You feel like you're in a Merchant Ivory movie. You know, you feel like you know it's incredible experience. Next level onboard entertainment with hours of curated movies. TV music plus Virgin Atlantic's famously friendly crew provides warm, welcoming service. They are very nice. Nice. Yeah, they are. They're nice to me. Even when I can tell they don't like me, they're very nice to me. Oh, guess what? Premium flyers can skip the lines with priority check-in and boarding. You get extra wide seats. I like an extra wide seat. That's really nice. Get to move my hips around a little bit. Kinda just, you move your hips. Oh, if I'm hearing a song I like, I get to dance around in my seat. Really good cutlery, proper plate. Sip some welcoming bubbles. Ha. That can mean a soda too. Anyway, Virgin Atlantic upper class take VIP treatment to the next level. The private wing to check in your own security channel at London. Heathrow, a dedicated bar, social space on board and your own private suite to stretch out Incomplete with a live flat bed. Man. When there's a live flat bed, they can't get me off that plane. Yeah. They're like, sir, we've landed, we've been here for three hours. I'm like, leave me alone. I'm lying flat. Remember, no matter where you're seated with Virgin Atlantic, it's all about you. So if you're thinking about flying to the UK anytime soon, you wanna do it in style, check out Virgin Atlantic,


Sonia, you like to travel, you like to go away and have a good time, right? I do. I like taking the boys and Tack And I go somewhere. Yeah. For the holidays this year we're thinking about, you know, just taking a trip to, you know, lake Arrowhead for Okay. For a week or something. You know, just somewhere nearby Lake Arrowhead. That'd be beautiful. It would. Yeah.


And then it occurred to me recently what happens because you have got a lovely home. Yeah. You guys have a beautiful home. You've done a very nice restoration on it. What happens to your home when you guys are away? It Just sits there. It just sits there. It shouldn't, I know it. Think about it. If you host okay. If you host with Airbnb while you're away, it's basically like you're getting paid to travel. Exactly. I mean, it's genius. I know. So don't leave money on the table the next time you're outta town. When you're away, your home could be an air. Be and be. Yeah. It's a cool idea. I know. Think about it. I will. And I've got good ideas. Your home. AKA, your future Airbnb might be worth more than you think. I think yours would be worth a lot. 'cause you guys did a beautiful job on it. Thank You. I hope so. Yeah. Find out how much your home's worth at Airbnb dot com slash host.


Hey, get ready to tackle the NFL action with FanDuel America's number one sports book. Yep. 'cause right now, new customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets if you win. Here's how it works. The FanDuel Sports Book app gives you everything you need to place live bets on the NFL all in one place. When you get a hunch in the middle of the game, you can check out the latest stats few live, play by play so much more on the same page where you place your bets. I know this is your thing play. That's right. Detroit Lions man. First in the NFC North right now. They're doing great. Nine, one and zero. My God. Now you Feel like when you, when you place the bet or something, you got a little skin in the game, it probably raises your adrenaline a little bit when you're watching. That's Right. And I love the live play by play because I can't always be near a television when the game's going on. So I can follow along in the app. It's fantastic. Well, it's hard for you to be near a TV 'cause you're just a man of the world. You're always wandering around. You're like, Johnny, Johnny Appleseed. Wow. That's really nice. Thank you. Yeah. Except he did a positive thing by planting apple trees. I don know what you're doing anyway. Fair enough. You're just looking at your FanDuel screen anyway. Visit FanDuel dot com slash kona to joinin today. You'll get started with $150 in bonus bets if you win your first $5 bet. That's FanDuel dot com slash Conan. Never waste a hunch. Make every moment more with FanDuel. An official sports book partner of the NFL 21 plus in present in Virginia. First online Real Money Wager only $5 First deposit required bonus issued as non withdraw Bonus bets, which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from Idea to Medicine. Thanks to our intellectual property system or IP for short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US Innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip works wonders.


I'm gonna do the best I can though to learn more about reality tv. I'm gonna say slay a lot. Yeah. What else would we do? Would we giving Oh, you can join a women's soccer training. I can. I coached when I was younger. I Yeah. You could become an elite athlete and I can help you. Yeah. I got news for you. I think it Would make A really good, I got news for you. What? I think I have a much better chance in the trans community. I I really do. I think I have a better chance than becoming an elite athlete. I just, I don't know. I just, you Don't think you have it in you. You are the dog in you. I'm an old, old fellow and my, the other day I got outta bed quickly and my left leg fell off And I used electrical tape to put it back on.


And so that's what I'm concerned about is pieces of my body coming off in the Philippines. You know, you're So Kyle versus Kim Richards in season one of Desperate Housewives. Exactly. Yes. Thank you. That's so true. Thank you. You know, You are really giving that Kyle from whatever math fact, The reason I know this is because Kyle Richards, who's one of the housewives, played Lindsay as the young girl in Halloween. There you go. That's why I know that, that See what, it doesn't matter where you get the knowledge, as long as you have the knowledge. I just Shouldn't reveal that. Right. Right. Now you're being so Winston Bufferin on American Roadshow with his collection of pneumatic tubes that he sold.


You are such a Janie heideman for MythBusters right now. Jesus. Oh my God. Yeah. You guys are slaying each other. Yeah. She's incredible. Right? Yeah. You are such a Walt Kellerman from American Pickers season four. Oh my god. American pickers like a Darwin Hamel Smith from the TV sci-fi makeup show Face Off. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. You guys are like a couple detectives on the first 48. Yeah. What, what? That's a Docuseries, not a reality show. Oh. What is the difference? They're reality. That's a different kind of reality. No. Okay. All right. All right. I, well, why can't we do docuseries? Isn't that Sleigh You can't slay with docuseries now.


You can't with a Docus. You can with do Eloise. Can you slay with docuseries? I'm gonna have to call RuPaul and ask, but I know Rupa would definite no. Okay. I mean, Hold on. I got RuPaul on the line now. What's that? Oh, quick. No. Okay. Invisible phone. Everybody. And I hang that up. She wouldn't Take your Phone call. I'm sorry. So not, yeah, I don't, I don't know any of the references you just made. I think I'm becoming straight again. No, I, I think I'm in trouble because if I bring coated and you guys make these references, I know me as a healer, they'd be like, Eloise Spy.


After what you've heard today, do you want me to come visit you? And you're allowed to say no, you've changed your mind. I don such a long pause. That's a long pause. Eloise a fan of yours is You just answered my, I'm a big fan, but I am also, you know, I have a reputation to uphold as one of the, in the gay, And I don't mean that in a rude way. I think maybe I can do your makeup it, the, and we will style you The American Pickers reference. Really? I think that's what did it. That did it. I think that might scare people. Yeah. I probably, yeah.


Well, I admire your honesty. I really do. And Well, I try. I appreciate that. Can I ask you a question? You've mentioned autism also during this interview. Do You, are are, are you autistic? Yeah, I'm autistic. When Did you find that out? When I met my partner who is autistic. And I realized, oh, we are the same. I have what you have. But for my most of my life, I didn't know that I had that. So, yeah. And I think like with autistic people, Conan is, can be a big hit or sometimes a miss. 'cause we have maybe issues of taking people very literally.


Yeah. And so, for example, my whole family, we love watching Conan and we've been watching it since I was 18. And we'd be around the TV with my mom, my sister, and my brother, and we all enjoying it. And like one day my dad came in the room to kind of see what's going on. And my dad kind of takes the people very literally. I don't think he has a good, you know, understanding of that context. And we watched the whole episode of your show and we all loved it. And I look at my dad to see what does he think? And he just goes, he's rude. He's really rude. Yeah, I could see that.


That understand What if Yeah. What if he sees the real me? What if, you know what if he's right? Yeah. I think I can see. Yeah, I know it's different. You know, it's, it's not, I'm not for everyone and that's always the way it's been. You know, who Are you? We all love You. Are I, you would be like, I'm on the next flight out to the Philippines to meet your dad, to make Him love you. Oh, I'm, I'm gonna win him over. I was pretending to be okay with your dad not liking me, but this is odd. Yeah. I'm obsessed now. But what would you do? But would I do well? Yeah. He thinks you're rude. How would you, what kind of comedy would you Go? Well, first of all, I'd be very respectful and kind to him.


So respectful and kind that he would see that I'm not rude. Then I, He's so hilarious. Yeah. And then I would probably bring him some gifts. And what would you bring him? Oh, well what is your, what is your dad like Pork? Yes. That'll fly well, Goes right in the overhead compartment. So I would wrap some pork in newspaper, just a full pig. Put it in the overhead compartment and fly. I think it's probably a pretty quick flight from LA to Manila. And then get in a cab in the hot sun and take this rotten feted pork to your father and say, Hey, you're the guy that thought I was rude.


Have this rotten pork. And then I think we'd be best buddies. Don't you think? I think he would think you were courting him. Mm. But yeah, you know what? Give it a Try. You are so season three American botulism. So I can't believe that got three seasons. It almost didn't finish one. If you can win my father's approval, then you can do something. I haven't. So that'd be really cool. That was, maybe you can, maybe we can work together. I have my ways. I tend to win people over Sony. You've seen me in action. I have. I have. Yeah. Even even the biggest naysayers, you get them on your side.


Not that there are that many, but yeah. Okay. Seen it happen. So big naysayers. Not so, not so big. Win them over. Just people that had slight, some hesitation and they overcame it. Quite a few people. Not a lot, Lot, lot of People. Not big naysayers. Eloise. Are there any events that we would go to together? Are there any events in the trans community that I could participate in? Yeah, we are doing some event for trans women and trans men. We're doing one for men where we talk about healthy masculinity. What does it take to be a good man? And we also give people, or hope, we're planning this, hoping to give people haircuts while we talking about that in a barber show. Oh. And then we have one for trans women where we talk about what it means to be a good woman in a more progressive way.


Cool. Healthy. Are You, are you interested in either of those? Sure. I was just hoping at one point there's alcohol involved, you know, going to a, a club or something. But I, yes, I like those. I think what you're doing sounds very cool and very healthy, but at some point I wanna, I wanna hit the dance floor. Do you understand? You've got to see my moves to believe them. Eloise, you've got to see them. That Why does this sound like a threat? Yes, Yes. It's not, I'm not necessarily a brag unless my demands are met. Eloise. Unless there's a suitcase full of cash in this podcast office tomorrow you will see me dance. Oh my gosh. Yeah.


You have 24 hours. Good way. The clock is ticking. Well, Eloise was, I think is a good way, Eloise. It was very nice talking to you. And You are very funny. You seem very funny and very cool. And I do believe you're a healer because I've had fun talking to you and you have healed me. So what do you think of that? That's great. Yeah, I think that'll be $250. All right. I'll get it to You. Thank you Eloise. Nice talking to you. Alright, bye-bye. Bye bye. Thanks guys. Thanks. Conan O'Brien needs a fan with Conan O'Brien, Sona of Sesion and Matt Gorley, produced by me, Matt Gorley, executive produced by Adam Sachs.


Jeff Ross, and Nick Leo. Incidental music by Jimmy Vivino. Take it away. Jimmy. Supervising producer Aaron Blair, associate talent producer, Jennifer Samples, associate producers Sean Dougherty and Lisa Berm Engineering by Eduardo Perez.


Get three free months of SiriusXM when you sign up at SiriusXM dot com slash Conan.


Please rate review and subscribe to Conan O'Brien needs a fan. Wherever find podcasts are down.


When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from Idea to Medicine. Thanks to our intellectual property system or IP for short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US Innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip works. Wonders


Want the same expert advice you get from the pros in the store while shopping online@discounttire.com? Meet treadwell, your personal online tire guide that matches you with the perfect tire for your vehicle. Get your best match in one minute or less with Treadwell by Discount Tire. Let's get you taken care of.