
New York Times games make me feel like I'm amazing. Wordle Makes me feel things that I don't feel from Anyone else. I absolutely love Spelling Bee. The Times Crossword puzzle is a companion that I've had longer than anyone outside of my immediate family. When I can finish a hard puzzle without hints, I feel like the smartest person in the world. When I have to look up a clue to help me, I'm learning something new. It gives me joy every single day. Join us and play all New York Times games at ny times.com/games.


That wasn the first day of September, 2002. And a 13-year-old boy named Howard Seg was spending the waning days of summer with his family at their seaside cabin on the Norwegian coast. They lived most of the year on a farm an hour away, but he loved these summers. There might be 15 people staying there at any one time. His extended family, his uncles, aunts, and cousins. And there was always something to do, someone to hang out with. They'd go fishing, biking, swimming. They'd catch crabs right at the shoreline, pulled them from the traps and boiled them, cracking the shells open against the rock and eating them fresh. One afternoon, his dad and sister took their small boat to go out fishing while Howard stayed behind with his mom.


When his sister and dad came back, Howard could hear them shouting, trying to get his attention. So we got down on this dock and we just, what's going on? And then we saw that the, that they had something beside the boat in the ocean there, That something was a killer. Whale. Howard's dad explained that the bees had come up beside their little boat, just popped up outta the water. And yeah, they were scared. The animal was enormous, but when they tried to get away, he followed and not in a menacing way, they pointed their boat toward home and the strange killer whale simply swam alongside calmly like a stray dog. Just happy for some company that wasn.


Caco. Of course, by this point, he'd been gone for four weeks, had made his way from Iceland to this tiny seaside town in Norway without any human help. And now here he was nonchalantly doing just what he'd been trained to do for years. Follow a boat at the dock. Howard was enthralled. He'd never encountered an animal this big, this close. He doesn't even remember being afraid, nor did he stop to think too much about what happened next. He had to get near this animal. And so just like that, he jumped in the water and found himself swimming with this strange, but apparently friendly, killer whale swimming so close he could touch him.


That wasn not like touching a fish that wasn harder, but more to call it smooth, smoother, and harder than a fish. And I remember holding my hand over his breathing hole, or when he blow any air out that wasn like, And all that day, Kegel was theirs, just Howard, his family, a handful of neighbors, their kids, and the cold, peaceful waters of a Norwegian fjord, A quiet outta the way place suddenly made electric by the presence of a friendly killer whale. The pictures of that long summer day are pretty incredible. Howard and one of the neighbor kids in their swim trunks clamber onto Caicos back as if this 9,000 pound creature were a play thing.


An oversized beach ball or a giant black and white floaty caico doesn't seem to mind, never strays too far or shows any inclination to leave. Quite the contrary. He lets himself be scratched moving through the water while the children laugh, and the sun tilts ever so slightly. Toward night later, when Howard was trying to sleep, he lay in bed just listening. His window was right by his bed and he could hear the whale hear caco. He was just outside our cabin in the ocean there, and he was lying and making these sounds. He was crying for either attention or for, for loneliness or just to have company, I guess.


So I went out and stayed by him. Howard went out alone, sat on some rocks near the water, caco bobbing alongside called No that wasn, just Caco and Howard together on a Norwegian summer night, a 13-year-old boy and a strangely placid orca who seemed not to want to be alone. Like a scene from the movie that started all this, like only quieter in the ocean and real, that quiet was about to be interrupted, of course, because even here in such a remote part of the world, KO's fame mattered for the moment. His presence was a secret, but that couldn't last for long.


From Serial Productions in The New York Times, this is the final episode of The Goodwill. I'm Daniel Alcon.


What I like about The New York Times app is how much variety it gives me. I start my day with a cup of coffee and wordle and connections, which is all in The New York Times App. It's well organized, it's multimedia. I can also save my articles easily in this area. I can add politics or Paul Krugman or Jamel Buie. I like him. I Like that the cooking tab on top is really easily accessible. So if I'm on my way home and I'm just thinking, oh, what am I gonna make for dinner? I'll just quickly go on to cooking and say, oh, I've got this in my pantry. The Photos are just phenomenal. I have my saved articles, my entire history, which is actually very interesting. I'm just Scrolling through the home tab. There's already so much stuff. I'm like, ah, interesting. I spent a lot of time too on Wirecutter. I like that it's just right there. I loved how much content it exposed me to things that I never would've thought to turn to a news app for The New York Times app all the times, all in one place. Download it now at ny times.com/app.


A few days before Caco showed up outside Howard's cabin, his caretakers had gotten a ping telling them their whale was just off the coast of Norway. By that point, CACO had been gone nearly four weeks and they'd been keeping tabs on him via satellite tracker attached to his dorsal fin a few times a day. It sent them a signal, a little blip popping up on a screen moving steadily east. They'd known approximately where he was, but they hadn't known where he was heading or whether he was with a pod they hadn't known if he was eating, if he was healthy, if he was sick. Now with this ping telling them that Kako was near the coast, Colin and Fernando, two of the main members of the team, flew from Iceland to Norway and chartered a boat to go out and check on Kako.


Stealthily. We kept the boat a mile away, a and we're just trying to get some pictures of him and video of him again to prove that he was fat half and fat and healthy. And we managed to do that. He was out in these little islands off the coast, just rubbing himself in the kelp fronds, Which was a relief. Kako was alone, which isn't exactly typical for wild whales or 'cause mostly traveling pods, but he seemed totally fine content. And from all appearances, healthy Colin called Dave Phillips of the Free Willy Kako Foundation back in California to tell him the news.


Well, I was describing his condition and so on and what we were observing. And I remember Dave saying something like, well, what's he doing now? And I said, I dunno, he is on a long dive. And then he spy up next to the boat just after that. And I, my knees just buckled and I fell to the deck trying to hide. And I said to Dave, I said, dammit, I just got busted. And he says, what's he doing now? And I said, well, I don't know. I'm lying on the deck of the boat. Colin was hiding and he had to because if Kako was wild, if he was free, the last thing they wanted to do was interfere.


I was expecting that as soon as he saw Colin, he will just stick around and we, he will not not leave the boat. This is Fernando. But at we check him, we took some photos of him and then we went below deck and he just threw him away. He didn't follow us. I don't remember if he swam away or we swam away, but he didn't follow us. And just that fact that Kako didn't follow the boat was reassuring as was his appearance. That wasn surprisingly good, how, how good he was looking. Also the, the way he was swimming, that wasn just an a good surprise to see that, that he was not, he was not miserable, he was not thin, he was not enunciated. He did, it didn't look like we needed to rescue him right there and then, In other words, they'd done it.


Caco had done it. Just think about that. Caco who'd spent his formative years in a small pool in a Mexican amusement park had just swam a thousand miles on his own. Now here he was serenely, exploring the beautiful coast of Norway, rolling and splashing in the kelp fronds to Colin and Fernando. He didn't seem to have lost any weight. So all that training, all that hard work had paid off. And then a few days later, Fernando and Colin get a call. Somebody called us and says, are you, you better turn on the tv. Kako Star of the free Willie Movies has taken up residence in the waters of Western Norway and is frolicking in the fjord with adoring children, A real treat for his unsuspecting hosts.


But those who know Kako best worry, he's swimming right into trouble Sometime after calling and Fernando saw Caco, he ended up at Howard's cabin, and someone there had alerted the media that wasn no longer the quiet scene in the Fjord with Caco and a few curious kids. Now was everyone, there he is. Buses full of tourists coming from all over to see this whale. Woo Got his face up. Now there is he. He's got his face up by the white Boat. What Colin and Fernando described is basically chaos. Kids banging on the side of boats, trying to get KACO's attention, calling out to him, caco, caco, people swimming toward him, wanting to pet him, throwing him fish. And at first, CACO always the good boy tried to keep up swimming this way and that to whoever was calling him.


But if it seemed like Keiko was basking in the attention that didn't last long after a few days of this to call him, Fernando, at least Keiko seemed scared. They say he started spending more and more time hiding from people inactive, floating between boats. That wasn tragic. I was, I mean, I was beyond pissed off. And I was asking people, please stay away. They basically just said, you, you don't have any rights in our country. And they'd just swim right past me. Topa who'd worked with the care team in Iceland, flew over to try to help. There were some days like where I had just, I was just sitting by by our little floating dock and literally just keeping caco with me because there were boats all over the place where people were trying to either go and swim with him trying to pet him.


I think Kako was overwhelmed too, even if he likes the attention. This was too much. What did all this mean? Four weeks at sea and at the first opportunity, Kako had swam right toward humans. Did this mean the experiment had failed? Was it a sign that Kako didn't want to or couldn't live on his own in the ocean? A lot of his former trainers said they didn't believe Caco had hunted for food on his journey to them. Caco was probably hungry, scared, and ultimately happy to be reunited with humans. Dave Phillips rejects that interpretation. He believes Caco did eat while he was alone. Shortly after Caco arrived in Norway, Dave spoke to the press and his positive outlook was clear.


Sure, maybe Caco had SW a thousand miles only to end up back with humans, but dammit, he'd swam a thousand miles and survived. Oh, I'm, I'm very excited to see him looking so good. He looks, he looks, he looks big. He's been on a big journey. I never thought I'd see him in Norway. It's an incredible voyage for an incredible animal For Dave Kako. Showing up in Norway was not the result of some binary choice between humans or the ocean. Dave thinks it's totally unsurprising that as Kako near the shore, as shore where people lived, that he would be drawn to that. Of course he would. He had a lifetime of memories with humans swirling around his giant orca brain, and a lot of them were nice memories.


It's certainly not a surprise that an ork whale that's spent all that time is gonna have some reaction, right? So does that mean that he's so acculturated that he's just impossible for him to live in the wild? Not at all. As far as the foundation was concerned, CACO showing up in Norway was just another step in the larger project. For Caco to be ultimately truly free, they just needed to figure out what to do next. It took a few weeks to make a plan for Caco. Iceland was a thousand miles away, too far to return, especially with winter approaching.


So the care team decided to keep Caco in Norway for a while, move him up to a more isolated bay on the coast, away from the hordes of people and tourists and boats basically babysit him until the winter was over. Then they could take him back out into the ocean to meet more wild whales. Fernando left the project for another job, but Colin and Topa both volunteered to stay. The two of them moved up the coast to a new bay, along with Caco, of course, who swam alongside the boat following his human friends to yet another home. The way Colin and Topa described this new life, it's almost like a fairytale, they moved into a cute red cottage up on a hill farms on either side, apple trees.


They were so excited that when they first arrived, TOPA literally picked Colin up and carried him over the threshold of the house. And just down the hill, a friendly orca swam in what was basically their front yard, a Norwegian bay called Takana. Even as winter came and the cold blew in, and the endless days of summer became the endless nights of winter, the place maintained and otherworldly beauty. I remember in the winter when pitch black and all the phosphorescence were lighting up, and you could see this glowing outline of an orca. Every time he'd move a fin or his, you know, his body, it would just light up in green.


So you're just seeing the silhouette of a green orca. And there was quiet, so much quiet once in a while there was a car passing or a couple of cows mooing. But beyond that, there was nothing. Just the sound of a whale out in the bay breathing. I mean, I remember I woke up at night just to listen. Okay, can I hear him? Yes, he's down there. It's okay. Their location, Takana Bay was chosen in large part because wild Orca pods tend to swim by in the spring. The thinking was the next time KACO's wild brethren were in the area. Colin and Topa could coax him out to sea. And while the goal for this time was still to Rewild, Kako get him in shape for when the next pod of orcas visited, the actual vibe of the place was more laid back.


I mean, if life in Oregon was a workout with a personal trainer and Iceland was bootcamp, Norway was a meditation retreat. The free Willy Caco project unplugged the daily routine, looked something like this. Colin and Topa would take turns making breakfast for one another, and then take the boat out for a walk with Caco. Every couple of weeks, Colin would drive the 60 miles or so along the Atlantic Road to pick up food for Kako herring from a fish processing plant. Morning walks were sometimes followed by late night hangouts on the dock. I loved going down late in the evenings, go down to the, to the floating dock, and Kako was there and just give him a good body scratch, just there in the moon, like me laying on the dock scratching a killer whale.


That was really, really moments that I treasured because then that wasn just me and him and he was just moving back and forth where he would like to get the scratch. And I was just scratching and, and just clearing my mind. That wasn wonderful. It wasn't like Kako was completely domesticated. That wasn more like a midway point between freedom and captivity where he could be wild at his own pace. And I remember one day that wasn, when I was speeding, Kako, and there was this seagull came and he got the herring and Kako came just underneath, just on full force and just grabbed the, the sequel and the herring and then went down again.


And I was, Oh my God, did he just eat a sequel? Like Kako is, is starting to be wild. And then after a little while, that wasn just like a cartoon, he just came up and just spit the seagull out For a while. KACO's New Bay had no net, which meant he could come and go as he pleased. And he did. There was a salmon farm nearby where Caco was definitely not welcome though, of course he'd go anyway. So Colin and Topa would have to get in the boat and go fetch Caco sometimes in the middle of the night, lead him back to their bay.


It's hard to say, of course, how Caco felt about this time. Did he seem happy? Colin and Topa thought so for the most part. From time to time, Kako would have these thrashing spells, tantrums really. And sometimes was in such a bad mood that Colin felt that wasn dangerous to get in the water with him. But this was only occasionally. And on the whole Kako seemed fine, seemed to enjoy being there. And in any case, this arrangement was only supposed to be temporary. When spring came, the hope was that Caco would swim off with wild orcas. But they didn't come. Locals said this hadn't happened in recent memory with no whales for Caco to swim off with one winter Intactness became two.


And Collin says, it started to feel like maybe this was it. I thought that was probably our lot in life, was just to hang out there with him now. And how did you feel about that? I was okay with that. You know, it's a pristine environment. He had us, we had him, you know, if that was gonna be his so-called retirement, then well, great. What if this version of the movie didn't end with Kako swimming off into the sunset? What if instead he simply faded from view was freed not from humans altogether, but at least from their expectations.


Could we maybe live with that? A few years earlier, Warner Brothers had made a free Willie sequel, free Willie two, the Adventure Home in it, Willie is reunited with his family, with his mom and siblings. There's an exploding Liberian oil tanker, a visit from his old friend, Jesse. Lots of action. I'll spare you the details, but maybe a more realistic sequel could be this. Willie jumps over the barrier swims for a while, maybe even a thousand miles. He finds himself all alone in the vastness of the ocean. And then miraculously, he sees the faces of the people who loved him. He returns to them. The orphan whale gets a mom, a dad, a surrogate human family.


Sure, he swims off now and then to steal salmon from the farm up the coast. But mostly it's a quiet kind of life filled with love and affection and sustenance. The true ending to his story. In December, 2003, 15 months after arriving in Norway, Colin went on vacation. The thing about living at work is that you never really have time off. Topa had already taken her hard earned break, and now that wasn Colin's turn his first vacation since joining the project nearly two years before, You know, I'm not a sit on the beach kind of guy, but that's what I needed. I needed to vacation. I wanted to go and sit on a beach under a tree and do nothing, you know? And so I went to a, which I, I would never do again, but an all-inclusive resort in Mexico.


And I just sat myself under a palm tree. Basically. He'd planned for a month off, including 10 days at a Mexican resort. No interruptions, no cell service. And then one day I come back to the room and there's a little light blinking on my telephone and voice message said, you better phone your office. When he was finally able to get hold of someone, they told him the news, Kako was dead. We'll Be right back.


KACO's death. And the illness that precipitated it took his care team by surprise. Topa was there, along with a couple of others, including a local Norwegian farmer named Frank, who joined the team as a kind of defacto translator and was now one of KACO's main caretakers. This is how it happened. A few days after Colin left for vacation, Frank took Caco out on one of his boat walks and he noticed Caco seemed slow. He was not keeping keeping up with the boat. And we got a little bit like, okay, there is something wrong. A day passed. And then another, and Frank and Topa could clearly see that not only was Kako not improving, he was getting worse.


He was kind of starting to distant himself a little bit, which is a clear sign that there was something that was not right. And then he just got sick very, very fast. His breath was starting to smell and then like he was, when he was swimming, he just started to tilt. Well, he was just, how should I say it? He was not swimming straight, he was just leaning By this point. They knew Caco had an infection. One of the trainers we spoke to told us Caco was prone to these episodes, a seasonal sort of thing, but an infection didn't necessarily have to be a death sentence, so long as Keiko got antibiotics, normally they'd give him these meds by mixing them in with his frozen herring.


But Frank said this time, Keiko had no interest in eating. He picked up the herring and he was swimming with the herring in his mouth for hours, just swimming with the herring and around the bay and slowly, and then he just dropped it and we, we was not able to feed him. So then that wasn started to, I wouldn't say panic, but we started to realize that, okay, this the, if we can't get him medicine, there's just on one option, An injection. If Caco would just swim close enough, they could inject him with antibiotics. Unfortunately, He was not willing to get close to us.


He, this is, this is just speculation, but if you ask me, I have a feeling that he was tired. It's like, I'm, I'm done. Later, some of KACO's former trainers would accuse this crew of being out of their depth of not recognizing the warning signs soon enough and not knowing how to handle the infection once they had, and it's true, Frank had never worked with orcas before. Topa while close to Caco, wasn't trained to be in the water with him and wasn't an orchid trainer or specialist either. Colin was the one who knew the most about orcas, and maybe he could have done something, but he was unreachable. His cell wasn't working in Mexico.


Topo remembers being desperate to reach him, leaving him increasingly panicked voicemails. I called him million times because I, I really needed to talk to him, and I just hoped that he would end up be getting signals somewhere so he could kind of reach. So I was just giving him, I was just describing in details how Keiko was reacting, and if he could give me some feedback, if he knew some tricks that I could do to kind of get medicine into him and, and just, I needed someone to reflect on what I was observing and seeing.


What she was seeing was frightening. A suddenly weak killer whale who appeared to be deteriorating topa called Lenny Cornell KO's vet, who was based in California, and he was blunt, prepare for the worst. She remembers him saying, so they did That wasn Friday evening around five o'clock. We were listening to him all the time that wasn like pitch dark so we couldn't see anything. But from the house, which was very close to the bay, we always could hear that he was breathing. But at this time, we, we hadn't heard his breathing for 10, 15 minutes. Either he has passed or he has been gone.


He's gone. When we came down, he had beached himself. He has been, well, he's warm up to the shore and like lay down because it's not very unusual because the, he's, he was drowning. So he was trying to avoid drowning. I remember that I, I I picked on his eye because usually that is something that he reacts if you touch his eye. But he didn't, he didn't react. So we realized that it's over The decade long science experiment that had captivated millions, this moonshot of an idea to rewild a captive whale was finished.


The press release about Caicos passing went out at four in the morning. Norwegian time by dinnertime stateside that wasn all over the news That wasn a grand experiment, the release of a captive killer whale. Tonight, the beloved Caco, Hollywood's free Willy is gone. Officials In Norway say Caco, the killer whale made famous by the free Willy movies has died at the age of 27. In the few hours before the press were sure to descend on their little bay, Frank and Topa hung tarps around KACO's body, so there could be no pictures of the dead celebrity. Something Frank says, the free Willy Caco Foundation wanted them to prevent at all costs.


We wanted to have an image of him as like a free willy movie, like a while that was full of life and a icon in a way. The crew could only hide the whale. For so long though, something had to be done with KACO's body, ocean burial was out of the question. His body might bloat and float back to shore, or they'd have to cut him open and sink him, which wouldn't be great for optics. They felt like they had to bury him on land, which wasn't exactly an easy thing to pull off. Not with journalists on site, not if your goal was to preserve KACO's privacy. But with the international media camped out, waiting to take pictures of KACO's lifeless body, the weather intervened.


A snowstorm blew in. So the journalist left for the night seeking shelter. And that's when Frank sprang into action. He called a local guy he knew who owned an excavator, And in two hours he was there with his tractor and starting to dig the hole. It that wasn really, really weird. I mean, making this huge hole and that wasn snowing, that wasn cold and then dragging caco around the vape, well, around the dock and, and up to the, up to the grave. That wasn very surreal and sad moment.


And I even get emotional talking about it now. The grave was huge just down by the coastline, about seven meters long and, and of course very deep. And it wet as beautifully as it as possible actually. So he just swooped into his grave and there he's sleeping. They all stood by the side of the grave for a moment in silence. Each of them saying goodbye in their own way. No speeches, just quiet. The next morning when the sun came up and the storm had passed, the journalist returned to the beach only to find that caco had vanished.


Gone were the tarps in the tracks. Nothing left to prove that Caco had been there at all. Just a few inches of unblemished snow covering everything. His last act then orchestrated by humans, was to disappear, to exit the stage in darkness. Now that that wasn over there was suddenly so much to do, the house had to be closed up. Their lives packed away equipment, everything from tracking gear to fish, buckets had to be sold or donated. Topa and Collins, happy Norwegian idol had come to an end because Caco who'd held them all together was gone. Collin told us that wasn all so sad and grim and sudden an emptiness It like that wasn the end of the project that wasn the end of Caco, that wasn the end of our, our time in Norway together, that wasn the end of our jobs.


That wasn the end. That wasn just the end. He'd spend nearly two years of his life with Caco, watch this orca get stronger and wilder and more daring. 1000 miles on his own. And now that wasn all over, which was devastating of course, but in an odd way that wasn also almost a relief. All these injustices he'd faced since being captured in Iceland when he was two, and at least everything. Whether and, and whether we were doing the right thing by him or not, you know, I could only imagine we were, but never being able to fully answer the question, what is best for Kako truly best for him, given what his life has been like up to this point.


There would always be that question, are we doing the right thing? And now that he had passed away, at least everything was over and you didn't have to ans ask that question anymore, But lots of people were and still are asking that question or a version of it. What was best for Caco? I've been struggling with that too, trying to understand if the motivation behind all this was the welfare of Caco, the individual orca or the success of Caco, the symbol. I asked Dave Phillips and he reframed it like this. If we didn't do the right thing, then tell me where would you have stopped? We wanted to see how far he could go, right? We wanted to see how far he could go. So would you have stopped in Mexico?


Dave asked me where Caco was putting on three shows a day in a warmish pool. He'd long since outgrown. That one's easy. No, definitely not. Or in Oregon, we moved him to Oregon. He gained weight, he got his health back. He started echolocating. Would you just leave? Leave him there in a concrete tank in Oregon? I wouldn't have, I don't think. But there are reasonable people who might claim that wouldn't have been so bad. You could argue he served an educational purpose there, capturing the imagination of countless children in a pool specially designed for him. Again, I wouldn't have left him there, but I can see the argument.


Well, that's a choice. We made the choice to bring him to a a net pen area in Iceland in his home waters. We could have left him there. Would you have left him there in a C pen? To be honest, yeah, I think I might have. He was safe. He was strong. He'd come such a long way by that point and he was in the ocean. Why wasn't that enough? Because you can always go further. I know The original value proposition of this project was the Caco would be an ambassador for the sea, A character you could point to and love, who would in turn make you care about the ocean and all its wild creatures. That was the idea that convinced Dave to take a chance on Caco, to take a chance on an orca.


Everyone agreed was a terrible candidate for Rewilding. And in a way that worked, a generation of kids learned to think of the ocean differently. We know a lot more about orcas in the Atlantic because Caicos team studied local pods searching for one, he might be able to join. That wouldn't have happened if he'd stayed in Oregon, if he'd never left his bay pen and never gone free. In any case, they didn't stop at the sea pin Dave says, because Caco didn't stop, he never stopped, kept learning, getting stronger, becoming more acclimated to the ocean, being curious about the wild orcas he encountered. Even if they may have scared him a little, if he'd stayed in Oregon, they might have caught his infection more quickly and he might have lived longer.


But would Kako have traded the life he had those four weeks of freedom and the richness of those years in the Atlantic, feeling the currents and listening to the sea for a longer, safer but more sterile life in a tank under human care? I think the answer to that question might depend on how much Kako valued the company of humans, the one consistent presence in his life from the moment he was captured at around age two until he died at around age 27. And all the evidence seems to suggest he did value it a lot, which was maybe why that wasn so easy to love him and why that wasn so hard for him to go free.


The good whales written by me, Daniel Alcon, and reported by me and Katie Mingle. The show is produced by Katie and Alyssa Ship. Gen Gura is our editor. Additional editing from Julie Snyder and Ira Glass Sound Design, music, supervision, and Mixing by Phoebe Wang. The original score for the Goodwill comes from La Chica and Osman. Our theme music is by Nick Thorburn and additional music from Matt McGinley and Daniel Hart research and fact checking by Jane Ackerman with help from Ben Lan. Tracking Direction by Elna Baker. Susan Wessling is our standards editor. Legal Review from Al Amin Sumar and Simone Pro. Carlos Lopez. Estrada is a contributing editor on the series. The supervising producer for Serial Productions is in day bu.


Mac Miller is the executive assistant for Serial. Liz Davis Moore is the senior operations manager. So many talented people helped us put this series together and for them, a huge thanks. Thank you to Anna Marbel Klausen, a huge thank you to the staff at Ante, especially Paes, Camila Segura, Luis Fernando Vargas, as well as Natalia Sanchez Loa and Sara sva. The Art for our show comes from Denise Nestor, our direction from Pablo Delcon and at The New York Times. A special thanks to Nina Lasso. Brian Rideout, Susan Beachy Kitty Bennett, Allen de Lare, Sheila McNeil, Jack Beg, Jeffrey Miranda, Peter Rentz, Jordan Cohen, MIMA Choi, Jessica Anderson, Carl De Los Santos, Kelly Doe, Sue Janz, Victoria Kim, Brad Fisher, Maddie Macello, tug Wilson and Sam Dolnick, who's the Deputy managing editor of The New York Times.


The Good Whale is from Serial Productions and The New York Times For a limited time. You can listen to all episodes of the Goodwill right here, right now, but it won't be free forever. So if you want full access to this show and to all Serial shows, you gotta be a New York Times subscriber. Learn more about The New York Times audio subscription@nytimes.com slash podcasts.