
New York Times games make me feel like I'm amazing. Wordle Makes me feel things that I don't feel from anyone else. I absolutely love Spelling Bee. The Times Crossword puzzle Is A companion that I've had longer than anyone outside of my immediate family. When I can finish a hard puzzle without hints, I feel like the smartest person in the world. When I have to look up a clue to help me, I'm learning something new. It gives me joy every single day. Join us and play all New York Times games At ny times.com/games.


I have this whole mini library of Orca books. Now, stuff I read for this story, and in one of them I came across a line from a field biologist named Alexandra Morton. She's explaining why as a shy and awkward teenager, she found wild animals so compelling. She writes, animals always knew what to do and where they belonged. When I read that line in Morton's book, it resonated because I felt like it explained something crucial about KACO's story. Maybe the key to solving this puzzle of what to do with Kako is embedded inside that idea. If you believe what Morton is saying, then the way forward with Kako is simple. Just let him be. If he's placed in the right environment and given enough time, he'll tap into that part of himself that knows what to do.


He'll figure out who he is. Animals always do. If you don't believe it or if you believe by holding Caico captive for two decades, we've transformed him into an exception to this rule, well then the calculus changes dramatically. The only conclusion you can come to is that Caico needs us humans. For a while certainly, but maybe forever to watch over him, teach him, we broke him. So we bought him, and this care is what we owe him. We have to help him as best we can respond to those bewildering questions. He can't seem to answer on his own. What do I do? Where do I belong?


And in the summer of 2001, KACO's third in Iceland, that's precisely where the project was at. A kind of crossroads. Do we believe Caco has somewhere deep inside the ability to figure it all out? Or do we believe we must protect Kako from everything he doesn't know from Serial Productions in The New York Times? This is the Goodwill. I'm Daniel.


What I like about The New York Times app is how much variety it gives me. I start my day with a cup of coffee and wordle and connections, which is all in The New York Times app. It's well organized, it's multimedia. I can also save my articles easily in this area. I can add politics or Paul Krugman or Jamel Buie. I like him. I Like that the cooking tab on top is really easily accessible. So If I'm on my way home and I'm just thinking, oh, what am I gonna make for dinner? I'll just quickly go on to cooking and say, oh, I've got this in my pantry. The Photos are just phenomenal. I Have my saved articles, my entire history, which is actually very interesting. I'm Just scrolling through the home tab. There's already so much stuff. I'm like, ah, Interesting. I spent a lot of time too on Wirecutter. I like that it's just right there. I loved how much content it exposed me to things that I never would've thought to turn to a news app for The New York Times app all the times, all in one place. Download it now at ny times.com/app.


Okay, it's the summer after that first disastrous introduction to Wild whales. The former SeaWorld behaviorists like Mark Simmons have left. But the Caico project continues. Jeff, Tracy, Jen, and a handful of other trainers, many of whom had joined all the way back in Oregon. They're still there. And that initial botched introduction hasn't slowed them down. They're taking Caco out into the open ocean to be around wild whales as often as possible. Drop, go neutral, drop the hide of funds happen to do the same. Please Drop neutral. And he's definitely showing an interest. He's approaching from the rear of Them. Jeff Foster led a number of these excursions, and each time it happened, each time Caco encountered wild killer whales. Jeff felt hopeful that this might be the moment when finally something clicked for Caco, or perhaps even better for the wild orcas, that they would see Caco hear him and recognize that this stranger was one of them.


He's got a crowd coming up on him. Hold your course to speed. Michael, let's go have one o'clock. Just on the, just past about 50 meters on the other side of drop, They tried a number of things to try to help the process along. They tried introducing Kay go to wild whales when they weren't feeding, so they wouldn't see him as competition. They cultivated a relationship with a young orca who they hoped might befriend Caco become a kind of emissary between caco and the wild whales. But that particular orca left the area before the plan could be realized. Still, Jeff says they pressed on. We were always, this could be it. And you know, we were always really excited about that. You know, we had probably close to a hundred encounters that he could have physically easily touched these animals.


He was close enough to be able to do it, but they never lasted. More than a minute on Him. Whales are right on him. Kenko just started to move fast. Whales are right on his Tail's outta sight Now He just moved up towards the bow. Lost visual. Yeah, CACO bolted. He bolted. Nothing seemed to work. If Caco was wondering if this was where he belonged, he always seemed to arrive at the same answer. Nope. Just like to leave it just at that now, since forcing this down his throat Today. Well, yeah, it's nice because we can also present him like this. Okay, we did it. It's over. We're moving on. That wasn cool. Yeah, that Wasn really, and we had an enamel that was, you know, he was really strong and robust from, you know, from his time in Iceland.


But he was caught between two worlds. He was caught between the human world and the, and the, in the, in the wild. And it seemed increasingly clear he wasn't going to choose the wild world on his own. So KACO's humans chose for him. His trainers started leaving Caco out in the open ocean overnight, just a night or two at a time, at least at first, but crucially without food. We Picked this particular spot's. Not only its protected, but there are a lot of wild whales within a mile of this area foraging. The whole, the thinking was this would motivate Caco to hunt for himself. See, he hadn't yet demonstrated this ability, at least not enough to sustain himself.


After all, for most of his life, CACO had been hand fed over a hundred pounds of fish a day. And what Jeff had seen when he tried to hunt for his own food just wasn't very reassuring. Like this one time Jeff gave caco a signal to go get a live fish. So Caco always the good boy off he went. 10, 15 minutes he was gone. And when he came back, he came back with this little fish that wasn maybe an inch and a half long in his lips. He barely could hold it in his lips. That wasn slip him back and forth, and that's what he brought back to us. And so, so we would push him, we'd push him to a point, you know, we'd go out there and not feed him. And we watch him, you know, very active initially and, and becoming less and less active and swimming, you know, spending more time on the surface and, and knowing that he was, he was compromised at that point, A sluggish, undernourished whale at sea.


If the goal was to push Caico to his limit, that wasn also pushing Jeff to his. We always tried to do the best thing for him, but we were getting a lot of pressure from certain, you know, certain directions to, to leave him out there as long as we could. And you know, you and, and you can't do that. You know, you just can't. You know, you can't, you, you know, I, I didn't sign on board to watch this animal starve to death. After a series of unsuccessful reintegration attempts, Jeff Foster gave an interview to a paper back in the States. His assessment was bleak. It's possible.


He told the reporter that Caco never will be free. Meanwhile, far from Iceland, the project's main funder, billionaire, Craig McCaw was starting to get antsy. KACO's rescue operation and rehabilitation had been running primarily on his dime for years, since Mexico, to the tune of several million dollars, always with the hope that success, meaning released to the wild was just around the corner. But as you just heard, it wasn't. And if Macau's patience was beginning to run out, perhaps more importantly, his money was too. By the end of 2001, the.com crash was hitting tech bigwigs like Macaw, hard, really hard.


Soon one of his billion dollar companies would file for bankruptcy and McCall would begin to clean house putting his a hundred million dollars yacht and an island he owned off the coast of Vancouver, up for sale. Plus he was recently divorced from his wife Wendy, a committed environmentalist who'd been a champion of the Caico project from the beginning. And so by the start of the following summer in 2002, Craig McCall had pulled away from the Caco project and Dave Phillips went looking for new funds that wasn the Humane Society of the United States that eventually stepped up. They would provide the funding to continue the project and become a partner in its leadership. But this new funder was not a billionaire with money to burn that wasn a nonprofit, meaning things on the ground in Iceland were about to change The generous one month on one month off work schedule, for example.


That was over. Now all you got was the standard two weeks vacation. The pay was slash two and housing was no longer included in the deal to Jeff. There were ulterior motives in the changes. He told us he saw them as primarily a way to push the old staff out, get some new blood in that would do exactly what the leadership wanted. And he may have been onto something. Ultimately, Jeff and most of his colleagues did leave the Caico project. And to some of the leadership that change was a good thing, a very good thing That wasn like, we tried it your way goodbye. Now we're gonna try it our way. Yeah. Naomi Rose was a marine mammal scientist working with the Humane Society. She had an advisory role on the project from the beginning, but now in the summer of 2002, her organization was taking on a bigger role.


Though Naomi had spent relatively little time in Iceland, just a handful of visits. The way she saw it, something had to change. She believed the trainers who'd left had been fundamentally, almost ideologically unwilling to do what was necessary to make Caico free. For starters, she felt they were too risk averse. They did not like leaving him out overnight. It made them very nervous. I mean, that wasn very frustrating For me. Jeff Foster disputes this characterization, and I'm paraphrasing here, but he says Naomi wasn't out there with Kako day after day, didn't know his limitations like they did if Jeff doubted Naomi's Caco experience. Well, she had her doubts about Jeff too. Naomi was a scientist, but she was also a longtime animal rights activist who was suspicious of anyone who'd come from the captivity industry.


And that was true of a lot of KACO's former trainers. She felt like if that was their background, how committed could they really be to release? As Naomi explained to my producer, Katie Mingle, the former trainer's whole approach was anathema to her. It required humans to teach kako how to be wild, which as she saw it, made no sense at all. Us training him to be a wild killer whale is a little ludicrous, right? I mean, how can you teach them to be a wild orca? I don't know how he would be trained, but not by us, by the other whales, by the wild whales. That's, that's what the industry guys think. They know what's best for these animals. Think about that. Think about the arrogance of that mindset.


I know what's best for this species that is so socially complex and intelligent that I can't even imagine what it's like for them. 500 people below the ocean surface. So the idea that we know what's best for them is ridiculous. But isn't this project in a way like you guys saying like, we know what's best for you and it should be wild. No, that that, that's what the industry is. So you've been talking to the industry folks, I can tell because that's what they were accusing us of. We were giving him options. So you, if we were just arrogantly saying, we know what's best for him, we would've left him.


We would've just let him swim off into the subset. You guys weren't saying like, we know what's best and it's to be with wild, other wild killer whales. But We were saying that's where he started. Let's try to return him to that because then nobody has to take care of Caco. Caco will take care of Caco. But what if Caco didn't want to take care of Caco or didn't have the ability to, was that choice really available to him in any case, to execute the new plan, they had to bring on an almost entirely new team. And given the economic reality of a project that had lost its primary benefactor that wasn a much smaller team, Keeping Caico in this particular location in Iceland was way too expensive.


So 2002 was looking like it could be a make or break year. If Caco didn't manage to swim off into the sunset, then this stage of the Caco experiment might be over. And the world's most famous whale would likely have to find a new, less expensive and less remote place to live as far as their original plan went. They'd done the rescue part, they'd done the rehab, they couldn't release kako soon. They might have to settle for some kind of retirement. So they had to try something new. We'll be right back. It's summer, 2002. New staff, new tactics.


First the staff. There were significantly fewer people working with Caco now down in fact, to just a few core team members. And these folks, they weren't just new to the project. One of them had never worked with Wales before. She was an Icelander named Thorberg Valdez Christian's daughter, But I'm known as Tappa, which is easier. It sure is. Topa was working at a small zoo in Reykjavik. When she got the job, I got a phone call from a friend of mine, and there he was asking me, would you like to work on the Kako project? And I was just, what?


She'd be doing. A lot of the less glamorous work, food prep, feeding Caco when he was in the bay, that sort of thing. The guy in charge of tracking Caco and studying the wild whales in the area was a Mexican biologist named Fernando Ugarte. This wasn't his first time meeting. Caco though. Fernando happened to have been in Mexico on vacation for KACO's last public show at the small shallow pool at Reno Ventura. And the whale was looking so miserable like he was, you could see that his, his fallen or so thin and his, he looked thin. That wasn a really sad sight. Now he would be working with the same whale only at sea, which is a kind of miracle if you think about it.


And then there was Colin Baird Canadian, the only one with experienced training killer whales, though not all of it, pleasant. He'd worked with Tillicum, the infamous orca from the documentary Blackfish who'd been involved in the deaths of three people, including a young trainer. Colin New. Soon after this, Colin decided he was done with captivity. I think that was the final straw, if you will. You know, I already had thoughts of this just wasn't right, But Colin still loved working with orcas. So when the Caco job opened up, he saw it as an opportunity to get back to doing something he loved, but in an environment he could defend. And now here in Iceland, he had become the defacto leader of the new team.


This final push to try to release Caco into the wild was gonna have a completely different vibe from the previous ones. If the main critique of the old trainers was that they had caco on too short a leash, the new philosophy was to do the opposite. They thought KACO's best shot at success would be to give him more chances to do the kind of learning he'd largely missed out on as a calf, watching an imitating what other whales we're doing. In fact, this is how scientists think. Orcas learn almost everything useful for survival in the sea, how to communicate, how to play, how to hunt. This last point in particular would be key if Caco were to survive in the wild, because killer whales in that part of the Atlantic hunt in a very specific and collaborative way, not the sort of thing an orca can do on its own, but if he joined a pod, then at least he could eat their scraps, and maybe that was the best kako could hope for.


Learned to track the cool kids through the ocean, hoping they might allow him to pick up the leftovers of their hunt To foster these kinds of interactions where Kako could imitate and learn from his own kind. The team's new regimen boiled down to this more whale time, less human time, a lot less human time. The previous summer they'd tried leaving Caco out on his own for up to 10 days at a time with no food. Now they wanted to try to go even longer, and just like the previous summer, if Keiko wanted to eat, he'd have to find his own dinner. There were still boats around keeping tabs on him, but that wasn all from a distance to Fernando. It felt almost like they were abandoning kako, Especially in the beginning.


He knew there were people in the boat. He could see us, he could, he knew boat. So he came into the boat and tried to pop his head up and look at us. And then we just ignored him. We went and went below decks. Fernando and Colin would hide below decks out of sight. They even had a term for these times. When Kako spotted them getting busted, He would just pop his head against the hole of the sailing boat and start screaming, like making a, a very loud call and it, it felt like a children crying and we have to just to to wait for it to, to pass and to him to give up, trying to get our attention and to turn back to the wild whales, yes, On one of the first days out, Fernando says, CACO swam straight toward them, staying beside the boat for the next 57 hours, seemingly looking for his humans, often with his head almost touching the hull before finally giving up and swimming away.


It's hard to know, or rather impossible to know what Kako made of all of this, but it certainly seems like a yearning for his caretakers, like a dog whining for attention or some gesture of affection like, Hey guys, I'm right here. Call it stubbornness. Call it desperation. But 57 hours spent begging for attention has to mean something. And KACO's trainers weren't always consistent, which probably made it even more confusing for Kako. I mean, they weren't robots. Colin admitted he jumped in the water once with Caco and even broke protocol to try to overcome KACO's reluctance to engage with wild whales. He told me he climbed on KACO's back once, grabbing his dorsal fin and riding him straight into a pod like a jet ski.


Mark Simmons, the behaviorist from our last episode, told us this kind of random intermittent reinforcement may have actually been fairly detrimental to KACO's progress. The kind of reward that probably seemed harmless, but may have kept Kako wanting more and more addicted to humans despite the occasional breach of protocol. Kako was getting more whale time, and now he was in a place where there were no discernible limits for topa. That was the entire point of this whole high stakes, high profile experiment to get him into the sea where he might have the chance to be with his own kind. So even if in the meantime he was isolated and alone, that wasn worth it, I just believed it's so much better for him to be free out in the ocean, and there is so much going on that in the end, he wouldn't be that lonely.


So I never allowed myself to go in that, Oh my God, he's going to be so lonely that I'm going to keep him in my arms forever. And she might've been right. Killer whales are all over Icelandic waters in the summer, and sometimes they gather in these great big orca parties, which some scientists call a whale soup. This is pretty much what it sounds like, A swirling, frantic mosh pit of whales from lots of different pods, mingling, playing in a way that looks and sounds frankly chaotic. And groupings here are very fluid. An individual orca might arrive at the soup with one group of friends, believe with another, and it's no big deal. In a way, this flexibility was perfect for an oddball like kako, because maybe if he was lucky, one of those groups might even make space for him.


There was this one time, which really blew my mind, that wasn a sunny day and the ocean was kind of so calm, and we had like two parts of killer whales that wasn a lot of killer whales around us, and they were just coming up all over the place, just pofu, could it? Poof, poof, poof. Everywhere. And Keka was there, just on the side, just, whoa, this is, there's something happening there. And if you put the hydrophone down in the water, we just had to put it up, pull it up again, because that wasn so many noises and they were just talking so much together. There's video of one of these days where ke goes out near the whale soup.


It's almost as if he's watching sort of on the edge of proceedings, and you can see the waters churning with killer whales. Orca fins pop up from the water in groups of two or three, the crew had a hydrophone, an underwater mic, and they could listen to the cacophony of whale chatter through a loudspeaker on the boat. I like this tape so much, I just do. It could even be my favorite in the whole series, though, of course, I have no idea what it means.


With sperm whales. Researchers now know their cliques function something like an alphabet for orcas. We know each family has its own repertoire of calls that only they make. But whether what you're hearing is language in the way humans think of language, well, we just don't know. We don't know what it could have meant to caico if that wasn disorienting or vaguely familiar or exciting, intimidating or simply noise. But just listen, it's so much chatter that July, there were lots of occasions like this, lots of encounters.


According to Fernando Caco was usually somewhere on the periphery, but always facing the direction of the other whales. In the videos. There are so many whales, you can't always tell where he is exactly, but sometimes you can hear him. Do you hear it? Caco just sounds different. One scientist who had heard KACO's vocalizations described them as not fully developed to me. They sound almost childlike noticeably. So if not to the untrained ear, then certainly to the wild orcas at that day's soup. Then again, amid all this noise, maybe no one was listening to the weirdo hanging out at the edge of the party.


Like I said, all pods have their own distinct dialect, so it's unlikely that Caco could actually understand what the other orcas were saying. But there is one universal sound. All orca pods seem to share. Scientists call it V four and get this. They think it may be laughter. So it's not a stretch For me at least to think of Caco, who was deprived of his orca brethren for close to two decades at the edge of this soup, suddenly able to hear the conversations, maybe even laughter of his whale peers and feeling an emotion he cannot name. By coming home late one night to discover music and laughter leaking out into the hallway, the neighbors you've never met, the cool ones are having a party and the apartment door has been propped open.


Everyone's having so much fun, caco. So what are you gonna do as July unfolds? Caco spends nearly all his time out in the ocean, away from the bay pen, and while Caco is often near wild whales, he's not among them. We've got Fernando's field notes from that time and the progress Caco is making. It's slow. In his notes, Fernando seems concerned. At one point he describes Kako as quote, looking miserable. But at some moments I was wondering how much, when is too much, how much this will suffer before we think it's time to bring him back too to human control.


They Hadn't been feeding kako regularly, but if he was hungry, Collin says there was always tons of leftover herring after the wild whales ate their fill. There was so much herring in the water that caco wouldn't even have to have hunted. He would've just have to swam up and started feeding on these things. But when they do a couple of stomach samples, Fernando says they find Nothing, just slime and and water. No, no fish. Still, they keep on from Fernando's field notes. July 19th, CACO is near, but not within the feeding Wild whales. July 24th, more of the same caco floating a thousand meters from the closest group on July 27th, CACO seems to be closing the gap.


Fernando records him as 30 meters from the other whales, but it's not enough. Even if he was closer to whales, he still wasn't really interacting with them. And Fernando is starting to doubt it will ever happen for Caco, he notes in his journal on July 29th, that Kako doesn't dive. When they dive, instead just sort of floats on the surface. But when he is on his own, that's when he dives. But then the very next day on July 30th, something big happens. Fernando was on a boat about 70 meters away, and a member of his team caught the moment on film. Was that kick right there?


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Are you sitting? Yeah, sure. That wasn the usual whale soup situation, but instead of hovering on the edge of it, CACO was suddenly right in the middle of the action, diving among the feeding whales, possibly even feeding himself. Yes sir, he did. It looks like This was exciting, even if the overall picture was a little muddled. If you wanted to be optimistic, Kako had learned or was beginning to learn where he belonged. I mean, look at him partying at the whale soup on the flip side. His empty stomach samples from earlier that month were a clear reminder that he still didn't have it all figured out.


So let's call it what that wasn. Kako wasn't wild. He was wild adjacent. On August 2nd, just two days after KACO's, first real interaction with wild whales, or at least the first one, Fernando knew about the weather turned. They were all used to brutal rain in the area, and the strong Icelandic winds had been an issue from the very beginning, but they were mostly using a sailboat now because that wasn silent, which meant they could watch Caco without really alerting him. In any case, being out on the ocean in a sailboat in one of those storms just wasn't safe.


Before the storm got worse and the boat had to head back, they'd seen Caco swimming near a pod. So what should they do about him? There was just a lot of discussions, okay, should we, should we call Kay go in, or should we leave him out there? What to do? They decided to leave him out and take the sailboat back to shore with a plan to monitor him from back on land. But Topa says the extreme weather made even that difficult, That wasn so windy and that wasn so tough to go down to the coast with the radio transmitter just to try to get the signal. And then Saturday we got the signal, but the signal was starting to get weaker. And then on Sunday, that wasn getting very weak and we were just, okay, he's leaving.


Kako was on the move. The signal from the radio transmitter got even weaker, and eventually they lost it entirely. Kako had a satellite transmitter too, but this one only gave them a few positions a day. They took the sailboat and later a small plane out to these locations. But when they did, they discovered Caco was long gone. He wasn't staying still. He was heading somewhere swimming east. But where exactly Topa and Fernando couldn't say for sure. At that time, I honestly thought that Keiko was lost, that he had lost the, the wheels he was following, and that he was alone in the open ocean, not not knowing where to go.


I was nervous. I was just, whoa, will we ever see ke again? What is happening here? Is he going out and coming back? Or how will this end? Across the globe in the San Francisco Bay area, Dave Phillips was asking himself the same questions. Dave you'll remember was the environmentalist, who in some ways set this whole story in motion, orchestrating KACO's move from Mexico to Oregon. He was still deeply involved in KACO's care with his whale on the move. He was staying up late into the night to track KACO's pings on the satellite, the digital map of his progress as he swam east at an average of 44 miles a day.


You know, we were looking at, we were like, wow, this really looks intentional. It looks really strong. It looks really like he's going somewhere with a purpose. I was like, you know what? This is pretty unbelievable that this is happening, and I'm really actually found myself being very excited. It he, that wasn intrepid, that wasn bold, and I was just like, go, caco, go. This was it. Actual free Willie. In Dave's mind, there was so much riding on KACO's journey. Now, when he first signed onto the project, he saw Caco as a symbol for the seas, a chance to tell a story about what we owed the oceans and the animals that live there.


But now, now he saw Caco a little differently. Now the story had become about us, about the potential for our own redemption. I mean, I'm very confident, extremely confident, that in a short number of years, we will look back and say, I can't believe we ever let orcas be kept in captivity. What were people thinking? And they'll actually think about, I I, I actually think they'll think about Caco in that vein. They're gonna say, and Caco will be one of the milestones in this transition, this huge arc of public attitudes that is moved from exploitation and dominion to protection and reverence.


Of course, that message only gets through if the free Kako project is a success. But it's risky because if the project fails, it's sending the opposite message. Back in California, Dave saw reasons to be optimistic. We know from the information that we collected that he was not like zigzagging or stalled, or if we, if he was actually stopped and just, just floating and not making any progress and just lost, we would know that and we could do something. We also know that he was diving deep. The only reason for him to be diving deep was to feed. So we had ways of knowing was, was he in danger and he wasn't.


There came a point where Dave and his team considered trying to intercept Keiko and bring him back to the Bay Pen. I remember very clearly that there was a discussion about the fact that an intersection point that there might be a plan, a might be a way to get a boat there. And that was like a real kind of key decision point. And Lanny with his vet and me were like, no, we're not going to do that. Some some would be saying, you know, just to get him and bring him back. But I think that the prevailing sense was he seems like he's maintaining a good course.


He's traveling a reasonable distance for a orca whale healthy orca whale. He's diving and we should just follow his trajectory and see where he goes. And that was the final decision. Well, not the final decision. That as a matter of fact, would be Caicos. Next time on The Good Whale. Something a little different, a surprise you'll see.


Don't forget to sign up for our newsletter to see photos of The Good Whale himself. This week. We've got pictures of Kako gallivanting in the ocean while his humans watch from a distance. Go to ny times.com/ Serial newsletter. The Good Whale is written by me, Daniel Alarcon, and reported by me and Katie Mingle. The show is produced by Katie and Alyssa Ship. Jen Gura is our editor. Additional editing from Julie Snyder and Ira Glass Sound Design, music, supervision, and mixing by Phoebe Wang. The original score for The Good Whale comes from La Chica and Osman. Our theme music is by Nick Thorburn and additional music from Matt McGinley research. In fact, checking by Jane Ackerman with help from Ben Phelan, tracking Direction by Elna Baker.


Susan Wessling is our standards editor. Legal Review from Emin Summar and Simone kus. Carlos Lopez Estrada is a contributing editor on the series. The supervising producer for Serial Productions is in day Chubu. Mac Miller is the executive assistant for Serial. Liz Davis Moore is the Senior Operations Manager. Special thanks to Anna Marcal Klausen, Felipa Omaha, Patrick Miller, Michael Weiss, and Adam Lalich. The Good Whale is from Serial Productions and The New York Times. For a limited time, you can listen to all episodes of The Good Whale right here, right now, but it won't be free forever.


So if you want full access to this show and to all Serial shows, you gotta be a New York Times subscriber. Learn more about The New York Times audio subscription@nytimes.com slash podcasts.