
Get charged up for the all electric accuracy DX experience, impressive range. Your choice of complimentary charging packages, a bang, an Olson premium sound system, and a three month serious XM trial subscription granting you access to ad free music plus sports news, podcasts and more. Visit your local Acura dealer for the most electrifying offers of the season and lease the ZDX for $0 first month's payment and $1 due at signing. Make your future electric Acura precision crafted performance


From Serial Productions in The New York Times. This is the Goodwill and Daniel Alarcon. And so that wasn in a strange way what everyone had always hoped for. The movie goers, the children, the fans, the trainers, the activists, the hangers on Kako out at sea, away from humans for the first time since he was a calf, a Hollywood ending of sorts. Kako was last seen with a pot of wild whales as a storm was rolling in. But when the weather cleared and his care team returned, he was gone. And what happened next is a bit of a mystery. We know the broad outline that for four weeks he traveled east until he resurfaced off the coast of Norway swimming with kids.


But why, what did this mean? Did he come back to us humans because he couldn't make it in the wild? Or was it something else because he missed us? We don't know. Was his journey based on a memory of a childhood migration? However, dimly recalled or something more banal like the ocean current. Was he a pilgrim on a mission, a kid lost at the mall or a teenage runaway keen on adventure? We don't know. We don't know how long he stayed with that pot of whales he was seen with at the start of his journey. Whether he swam with them for an hour or a day or a week, whether he chased after them or begged for their attention was accepted or ignored.


Everything Caco had gone through was leading to this, all the rehab and training in Oregon and Iceland for this four weeks of swimming east in an almost straight line. If only we knew what he experienced, we'd know if this long grand experiment to restore wildness to a captive orca had succeeded. We'd know whether that wasn possible for a whale that had been captive for so long to live like a wild whale does with other whales in a pod even for a little while. But those four weeks are essentially a black box. Anything we say about this period of time is much closer to make believe than to reporting. So to get inside those mysterious weeks, we're gonna have to leave journalism behind just for a little bit.


I promise. Just for this one short episode, we're gonna do something different. We're gonna take what we do know and think through what might have happened, how those four weeks might have gone. It is such an important chapter in our story and we wanted to do it justice and imagine it as vividly as possible. We talked about different ways we could do that, a radio play, a piece of fiction, but then we decided, you know what? Screw it. Let's just do the most out there version of this, like Kako. Let's just go as far as we can possibly go. We decided to imagine these four weeks as a musical.


What if Keiko was a killer whale in some animated film? And what if we could see his experiences and know his thoughts, his fears, his hopes for this critical month of his life? Let's try to imagine the story for the first time from the one perspective we've been missing through this whole series, Caicos. I know, I know this sounds crazy. It sounded crazy to me when that wasn first floated, but trust me, there's a logic to all this. We enlisted professionals, people who do this for a living bench. Pasek and Justin Paul. They write musicals, big fantastical stories for kids, but also stuff for adults. Dear Evan Hansen, Lala Land, we asked them to take the little we know about where Caco started and how he ended up.


And for one song, imagine what might have happened to Caco in that time in between and how it felt to him. So here it is, and the song begins in the only place it can in the dark. Briny blue, Many amused on the old mystery where with the whale that the world had set free somewhere the answers are lost to the sea in the dark. Briny blue weeks Beneath Waves, sassy journey along, we'll tell you three tales, but the tales could be wrong for only a whale knows the words to his song and can sing what is true.


What did he do in the dark, bright, So much water, so much sky. Giant shadows pass me by. I join the pod with Finn to fin. They circle round and take me in. We're weaving through the waves, soaring through the space. They sing a set of songs that sound like mine. We rough house and we race through hering that we chase. We slap our tails and splash along the coastline.


Now I am part of a pack in a sw, white and black. And we're flying free, free. And back in front they help me to hunt like a family. And I spend days upon days upon days upon days growing strong. Here I spend days upon days upon days upon days I belong here. But Then one day I get distracted, a familiar sort of sound, an engine hums. I go to chase it, but I get turned around and when I try to circle back, can't find a swirl of white and black.


And now my back is nowhere to be Found. So much water, so much sky. Good, just for a bit. Did he finally belong? We told you a tale. But the tale could be wrong for only Whale knows the words To his song and can sing what is true.


One tail was told, let a second unfold. There's more to behold in the So much water, so much sky, giant shadows Pass me by Black and white. They're big and broad just like me. Is this my pod? I'm swimming to the side hoping I can stay. I try to find a song that they might know, but I can't get it right. I've never sung their way.


I fumble and I never find the flow. And there's heavy despair, but they don't wanna share. They refuse to play and they're rocky and rough. And I'm not quick enough when they swim up Away And I try to stun a fish, but I stumble. I'm hungry and my stomach starts to rumble. And for days upon days upon days upon days, isolation. And For days upon days upon days, I have no Destination. And my mind goes and I miss My Tank.


So much Water, So much different of He Island. How did he captivity? How did he in the Two different Of On? And if you listen, the dark blue holds one more, So much water, so much sky.


Now I'm here. I'm not sure why such an endless blue S They fought to set me free for this. I'm swimming with a pod. They're nice enough I guess. And every day we keep the same routine. We swim and sleep and hunt. It's pleasant, more or less. But there's another world they've never seen because they don't know the thrill. When you show off the brilliant dive and the kids clap their hands as they scream from the stands and you feel Alive.


Because for days upon days upon days upon days, I was famous. Now it stays upon days upon days upon dates. And I am nameless aimless. I miss the children who would play. I miss belly rubs all day packs of people swimming at my side. They hold onto my fin and we would ride. And Ride Gave the wild a real try.


It's too much water, too much sky. Could Many have used on the old mystery? So much unknown. But on this we agree. He journeyed those long thousand miles crossed the sea till he reached somewhere New.


That much is true. But what did he do? What did he do in the, For four weeks he traveled until he bumped his nose on the edge of this giant pool called the ocean. That's on the next and final episode of The Good Whale. He was out in these little islands off the coast just rubbing himself in the kelp Franz.


That wasn surprisingly good How? How good he was looking. Also the the way he was swimming. And somebody called us and says, are you, you better turn on the tv. People were trying to go and swim with him trying to pat him. I was. I mean, I was beyond pissed off. Okay, so we have one more really cool thing to share with you. We made a music video for this incredible song you just heard, and it has puppets and features. Broadway star, Jordan Fisher. The video was directed by Carlos Lopez Estrada, who happens not just to be a contributing editor on the series, but also a real life Hollywood director.


Carlos has done music videos for people like Billie Eilish and the Thundercats and the Rap Group, clipping and now Us. So go to our Instagram Serial podcasts or sign up to our newsletter@nytimes.com slash Serial newsletter. You don't wanna miss it. The Good Whale is written by me, Daniel Alarcon, and reported by me and Katie Mingle. The show is produced by Katie and Alyssa Ship. Jen Guerra is our editor. Additional editing from Julie Snyder and Ira Glass Sound Design, music, supervision, and mixing by Phoebe Wang, research and fact checking by Jane Ackerman with help from Ben Phelan, a truly talented team of people who helped us put together this specific episode today.


The song, The Ballad of Keiko, was written by Ben Pasek and Justin Paul and Mark Sonen Blick, produced by Pasek and Paul Ian Eisen draft and August Erickson with help from me, IRA Glass and Gen Gura that Wasn engineered and mixed by Derek Lee, mastering by Oscar Zambrano. The song features Jordan Fisher as Caco Quentin Earl Darrington, Brian Darcy James and Paul Alexander Nolan as the Fisherman with Adam Rothenberg on piano. Our music video, which again you must check out on our Instagram page at Serial podcast, was directed by Carlos Lopez Estrada and Anna Moscowitz, produced by Ali Kiley, with help from Alyssa Ship and De Chubu and Mac Miller.


Additional cinematography by Joshua Chavarria, puppets by Vila Puppet and puppet Captain Michelle Samoa. Edited by Mackey Rupert, VFX by Justin Wynn. Special thanks on this episode to Joshua Freed, Anna Spear, Danielle Perlman, Matthew Sullivan and Francis Swanson. The Good Whale is from Serial Productions and The New York Times For a limited time. You can listen to all episodes of the Goodwill right here, right now, but it won't be free forever. So if you want full access to this show and to all Serial shows, you gotta be a New York Times subscriber.


Learn more about The New York Times audio subscription@nytimes.com slash podcasts.