
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, All day. What Joe Love saying, Bud. His, his Zionism. you know, if he didn't have that, he, I think he could be president, but it's You mean RFK Junior? Yeah. Oh. Oh. I didn't, I don't, I was confused. Oh, I meant, I was like, what? I meant figuratively. I was like, how did this have anything to do with the boycott of Starbucks and McDonald's and Sirhan Sirhan? Like, what some rabbit hole shit I didn't know about. Is that possible? You know, Sirhan Sirhan, his house was in Pasadena, which was close to where I used to live. Really? Yeah. I didn't, I, one day my wife was like, yeah, sir, and sir lives over here.


I'm like, get outta here. I didn't know. Have You ever read into the mk Ultra connection between Sirhan Han, Jack, Ruby, and Jolly West? So, no, I haven't, but I now I'm working with Kurt Metzker and he knows all that shit. He Knows that he knows too much. You know, I'm like, he can just go off. You ruined him. You've ruined him. 'cause he didn't, I don't think he's aware of so many legitimate actual conspiracies, meaning like where governments and corporations conspire against the American. People lie, twist facts to distort things. But Kurt is one of those guys that once he finds out something that, you know, because he had grew up in a cult, right? Yeah. So he is in a Jehovah's Witness cult when he was young.


Yeah, sorry. Jehovah's Witnesses. But, and then becomes a comedian. And, you know, like, he's so averse to bullshit. He's like, oh, no, no, no, no, no. Because like, you fucking ruined my childhood. I know what this is. I've seen this before. I've seen this in another form. I know what This is. Yeah. That's, that's his like superpower. Yeah. Because he's been through it. You Ruined him. His show. You ruined him. He's so, he's so crazy. Now he gets upset. He's So mad. Now. Do you see him get upset on the show? He gets legit angry. Here it is. Other controversial cases West was assigned to, including evaluating Sirhan Shan, who assassinated Robert F. Kennedy, June, excuse me, at the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles, June 5th, 1968.


Wests claims Sirhan was a subject of psychic driving, a mind altering technique involving hypnosis or paralytic drugs. Psychiatrists often use barbiturate for this. Shut. Settle the fuck down. You used acid. Stop lying. What is this? Oh, maybe possibly Barbiturates or something legal? No, they were using acid. Who's This West guy? Jolly West was the head of MK Ultra. He was the guy. Oh, No kidding. Yeah. That they chronicle extensively in Thomas O'Neill's book, chaos about the Manson case. Oh. So yeah, my wife is reading that right now. God damn. That's a good book. And she has it on audio book. So I'll walk through your house and I'll hear like what the, You know how crazy that book is. Tom was a Greg Fitzsimmons roommate in New York, and then also, not roommate, excuse me, neighbor who was his neighbor in New York, and then also his neighbor in Venice, California.


Like, he moved, like, so they were like near each other for 20 years. This guy's been working on this. He started working on it as an article. Right. So he writes it as an article, but then once he starts getting into the information, it's so extensive. It's so crazy that he can't finish the article. 'cause the article is just an anniversary of the Manson assassinations. The Manson killings. So then 20 years later, he finally puts out this book and he's got enough information for another fucking book. And it's wild. It's all a CIA plot. The Manson family was, all, Manson was visited in prison by Jolly West. They trained him allegedly and hypnosis techniques using LSD, how to mind control people.


He would not do the acid, but he would give the acid to the people, which is something also that apparently the MK Ultra people trained him. And he would get them to commit evil acts. And the whole thing was to discredit the anti-war movement. That's the whole thing was the hippies. Yeah. Yeah. So they turned hippies into something fucking terrifying. So hippies used to be like, oh, she's a flower child. Yeah. Oh, they're peace and love, you know, cute, nice stuff. But then they turned hippies into fucking psychotic murderers who cut babies out of movie stars, bellies, and paint on the wall pig. you know that kinda shit. Oh yeah, Kurt.


Yeah. Kurt was also telling me about that. Like, that's the perfect way to discredit the anti-war movement. Yes. Well that's also why the Psychedelics Act of 1970 was passed. Oh really? Yes. The psychedelic act of 1970 was passed to go after the Black Panthers and to go after the Civil rights leaders and to go after the anti-war movement. 'cause those people were all taking drugs. So they're eating mushrooms and trying to come to like, some sort of an understanding of our place in the universe. And they said, okay, we're gonna take all of these psychedelic compounds that are literally creating a cultural revolution. So you, you go from the 1950s, you, you get, I always, always say music is like the best representation of that and comedy as well.


But really music, if you look at like, buddy Holly, great music, great stuff. And then you Jimi Hendrix is 10 years later. What the fuck is that? Right. What is, that's like a revolution. Like outta nowhere. Something is insanely different. Like it's not even from this earth, right? Yeah. Not even from this earth. That's all Psychedelics. And we've never had a leap like that since. Nope. Isn't that weird? Like, you listen to music from the eighties and a lot of it sounds like it could be made today, right? It's Koch music. The eighties, they were all doing Coke. Oh, they were watching Miami Vice. They were doing Coke wearing no socks with Loafers. But remember I mean whenever I hear a Prince song Yes.


I'm like, oh, that could be made today. That could have been from right now. Yeah. Well Prince was the most versatile, right. 'cause he could do anything. Like if you go to his early stuff, it was like this real sweet music about fucking, you know? Yes. Yes. He was all about Fucking, like, you ever heard that song head like from his first out or he was thinking his second album? God, he was good. He was so good. I love that he had that, there was that band of Morris Day in the time. Yes. I like them almost more than Prince. I just like them. Oh, He's got this one song that's on our, I think it's on the playlist. I hope it's on the playlist. It's called, if it's not, I'm gonna put it on there right now. It's called Cool. 'cause I'm Cool. Yeah, that's right. Am I done in San Francisco Dance On Not in Brown.


That's It. Yeah. Yeah. Morris Davis. The shit. Yeah. Maurice Freak Me By. I love that. I I I thought that Morris Day was gonna be bigger than I know. Well, I didn't think he was ever gonna be bigger than Prince. I did. I think Prince is a legitimate was, excuse me, a legitimate genius. Oh yeah, he Was. And he's another guy that we lost because of fucking bullshit, because of Fentanyl. Yeah. You think that's what, That's what happened to him. you know, what Do you, what do you think about, so now people are revisiting the mic that Wasn't in the playlist. It is now. Oh, it is. I had to put it in the mothership playlist. I'm like, how's that? Not Here? He has a song called Walk Everybody. Yeah. Walk Your Body. Yeah. Anybody Walk Your Body, body. Yeah. I'm about to walk a hole in my Stacey's.


He Was just so Cool. And so then I would go out and buy Stacey Adams shoes. I I would. And so we would, there was this place, oh, there was a very derogatory, it was Maxwell Street in Chicago and they used to call it, I can't say it, but 'cause it's anti-Semitic. And so we, we would go down there and you could walk and there are all these closed stores and you could bargain with them. And. I never experienced that before. Like, you walk in and you usually, the price was a price. You go to the mall, the price is, you can't bargain, but you could bargain. So it was a, it was like an exciting thing to do. Me and my brothers would all go down there and you'd go into all these stores and you'd like put all these clothes together.


Like when we'd start bartering, like, okay, how about this? How about that? It was fun. Mm. I miss those days. That, that's, that's where in, in the Blues Brothers, remember they go down to get the, the black guy who's the clarinet player and bad Think, think, think. So that What, whatever. That, that's where that took place. Oh, wow. And but I think that's all gone now. I think they got rid of that and they, they don don't know what they Put. It's probably an Applebee's. I think the, the University of Illinois Chicago maybe expanded into there and took Oh, interesting, Interesting. Those were, those were the days I missed the Morris Day and the time I missed those days.


These Are the best days. But those, but then there's just These days right now, these are the best days You think. Yeah, by far, by Far. Well, they are for me, By far, for everybody. Because we get all the other stuff from those other eras. We still can listen to that too. We can still watch that too. But we, we have a bizarre time where the world is waking up where people are so much more aware of the corruption and the, the, the, just the way the world works is more, it's more highlighted than it's ever been before. And, I think it's more fun. It's, it's like some of the things that are stupid or so stupid, like when you see Biden, we beat Medicare and they go, thank you Mr.


President. Like, how the fuck is that real? How is that real? The guy like locks up like Windows 95 scammers for 15 seconds. And then he says, we, we repeat Medicare. I was doing a show the other night at the Hotel cafe in Hollywood, and I do a joke about Joe Biden, you know, like wanted Don't to get a Dogs, a Liam off stage, you know? And, and the people in the crowd, like, they're all like 20 something Hollywood people. And they're like, and they go, oh, And I. I could, I was like, what? I go, I have friends like you. I know what that it's, Listen, they've done a good, good job. They've done a really good job of pretending that they're compassion. I love Joe Biden.


I love, I've always loved Joe. No one's ever fucking loved Joe Biden. No. He's always been a, a joke and a punchline. And this idea that somehow it's Joe Biden's integrity and truth telling against Donald Trump. He lied, lied. The first time Joe Biden ran for president. He had to drop out because he got exposed for being a pathological liar. He said he graduated at the top of his class. He graduated at the bottom. He said he had three majors. He knew what he said. He was chosen the most outstanding political No, it was all lies. And then he got caught plagiarizing someone else. Not only this, their speeches, but like their life story. He like, yeah. It was like, who does that? And so he had to, they he's been a joke. Always was a joke. And this idea, you know, the reason why Black and Brown had to, I had to, you know, tell this to Cornell West when he came on my show.


Hey, the reason why black and brown people are locked up at way higher rates than their population is because of Joe Biden. Not because of Donald Trump. Donald Trump actually did the Stepback. Right. Which is probably why he's getting 20% of the black vote right now. This so this all the, all, all all their, you're right, all their narratives are are falling away. People are waking up. And not only in America, but I. I do not to get, I do miss a time before cell phones and the internet. It was, it was like more of an innocent time. I do miss that time. I'm Glad we went through it. Yeah. I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm also, But I don't miss it. Okay. But, But I, I was just in Europe, right?


I don on a, a 11 day tour or whatever. And I didn't know if I was gonna have, you know, anybody's gonna show up. They did. And same, it's like the same shit that people, they're, they're upset at the media. They're upset at the control, they're upset at the censorship. And I didn't know, like Jeff Bezo, I was in Norway and they're like, yeah, Jeff Bezos owns fricking Media here too. I'm like, what? I didn't know. I had never thought about like that. Of course they would. Of course, of course. And so, and everybody's going through the same shit. London, Sweden, Denmark, yeah. Norway. They're all fucking pissed off of like, like I am. And they're like all sick of being lied to. And they're all, they all hate their media and they all feel controlled.


That's what's good about today. Because before the media used to do exactly what they're doing now, but they didn't, it wasn't transparent. Right. Nobody knew. Right. Well, There used to be 50 giant media companies, so there used to be more truth that could get out. But now because of Bill Clinton and the Telecommunications Act in 1996, we went from 50 giant media companies down to six. Meaning that every TV show, every newspaper, every magazine, every radio show, every, it's all comes from one of the six companies. Right. And that's why journalism sucks so much right now. 'cause journalists used to come from blue collar backgrounds like me. But now they, they know they all have to work for one of the six billionaire owned companies.


Right. And so the billionaires handpicked those people from Ivy League schools now, and they're all gonna be class loyal. And so that's why the whole thing is, you know, it's a great time. But also we're pitted against each other now by the media. Like never before. Right. Like, no matter what the story is, they have their minions in the press reported in a way that makes you hate your neighbor and blame your neighbor and not the guys doing it. Right. Like yeah. So, so the oligarchy gets, keeps us fighting amongst each other. And that's real. That is, that's not made up. That's a I mean, look at how they lied about the biggest story. Like, so the Kyle Rittenhouse story right now, I hated that kid.


'cause the corporate media told me he was a white supremacist who didn't live in that community. He traveled across state lines with guns to shoot three black people at a Black Lives Matter. Rally And I hated him. And then I watched the trial and it turns out he did live in that community. He was a, a lifeguard in that community. He was asked to protect a car dealership by immigrants of color. 'cause the cops wouldn't. And he, he didn't travel across state lines with guns. And he didn't shoot three black people. He shot three white people. And I was like, what? I think he only shot two guys. That maybe you right. Wasn't it? Maybe. Well def Did he he killed one. He definitely Did. He shoot three and then he shot the other guy in through the arm. Through the arm, yeah. And they're all three criminals.


That's another part they laid out. They're all three, Three criminals. Terrible people. This is the thing about riots, right? When riots are too much like a war, like any kind, anytime there's a gathering, protests, when people get angry and they're marching, I think that ignites in us the same feelings of war. And people start doing wild, crazy shit. They went after that dude with a skateboard and try to hit him with a skateboard. He ran away from them before he shot him. So he shot the first guy who was the pedophile, right? Yeah. And, and we know that guy, that guy had threatened to, so He shot and killed two men, wounded another man. So three. Okay. So he killed two and wounded one. So the, and the first guy he shot with had threatened to kill him. All day long.


And we know that he attacked him because his fingerprints are on the gun barrel. It even says it right there in WikiEd. Stop. Go back. Yeah. Grab the barrel of his rifle rifle there. It so, But it says, look at this, A race was a major theme in the US media commentary. Although Rittenhouse and those he shot were white. Were white. Isn't that wild? Yes. And most people didn't know, including people that met Kyle Rittenhouse. Like someone, David Lucas, the standup comedian, he knows Kyle Rittenhouse. So he brought Kyle Rittenhouse to the mothership and guys who were there who met him when, what The guys you shot were white. Yeah. Nobody like, everybody's like, what? Yeah. And then you have to tell them, not only were they white, like these guys are like career criminals. One, one guy was a pedophile. The one guy pulled a gun on him.


Yeah. Yeah. And The, the whole, the media just fucked that kid. And he won And I. And he won and he got exonerated. And, you know, and now Go Ahead. No, people say to me, they go, Jimmy, why, why are you defending Kyle Rittenhouse? I go, I'm not defending Kyle Rittenhouse. I don't know Kyle Rittenhouse. I'm defending the truth. And why aren't you pissed off that the corporate media lied about a 16-year-old kid to divide the country? 'cause that's what that was about. Yeah. And you're just gonna polarize that kid. Even more I mean that kid's gonna lean so far now. Of course, of course, of course. They're the only people that stood by him. And everybody else lied about him. The media lied about him. And so many people had this So like, there's surface narratives, right? And surface narratives are the best.


They're the media is the best at propagating surface narratives. They're best at headlines even if they're misleading, Safe and effective. Yeah. But these, these surface narratives are the ones that get into people's heads that are the least informed. And that's the general population. People Still think Russia Gate's real. Oh yeah. Look at people like Bill Moore. Oh yeah. That was shocking to me. I'm like, oh, I thought he just hated Trump. But it, He doesn't even know what the WEF is all about. He Didn't even, did you see Roseanne had to tell him? Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. He didn't even know what what Mk Altru was. That's Crazy. He does. Like, That's crazy. And then he got the balls to tell Bill bur, this isn't your lane. It's not your lane either, bill. Yeah. You don't know fucking anything, bro. Bill chewed him up. That was wild. That was hilarious. You can't, you can't go tattas hat like that with Bill because he does that to himself.


All day. All day. He's like battling out in his own mind, having argues, well, look at you fucking Phil, look at you, you fucking stupid sneakers on you. 55 years old dressing like a teenager. What the fuck are you doing? What'd you ever do? Why should people listen to you? You're fucking, fucking Pasty Re Todd. You're not a general, you never did identity. They give. Exactly. Exactly. But that's the, that's the, you know, the biggest shocker to me was is like it the bubble that people live in. Right? And it's like, don't you, it it's just like with the debate, like, do you think that the, the lies that the media's been telling from, I've been saying Joe Biden's been a demented walking death rattle since 2019 and it's 'cause it's been obvious that he's suffering from something.


Well, there's a decline, right? If you just saw him in 2019, it wouldn't be as obvious. But if you saw him from like, when he was running for president in 1988, which I did, I took, did I ever tell you about Joe Biden night that we used to have at Stitches, no Stitches Comedy Club in 1988, we had Joe Biden night. And what Is that? That would mean I would go on stage and do your act and you would go on stage and do do my act. Oh, Because he is a plagiarist. Exactly. Oh, so we would call it Joe Biden night. Oh. And all the comics would go up and do each other's acts. That sounds like fun. It was fun. It was so fun. 'cause just like some guys, you know, you watch a guy like Jimmy Tingle or you know, back in those days, Steve Sweeney. Oh yeah. You get to, you could go up and do their acts 50 50, 50 f And the guys you work with all the time where you got to see their set all the time.


You, you go up and do their act. And we had a great time. But it was open mockery that he was a known plagiarist in 88. In 88. I know. That's why this whole, this rehabilitation, it's all because of Trump derangement syndrome, though. They have to pretend like Joe Biden some kind of guy with integrity and dignity instead of, you know, the horrible criminal anti-worker guy that he's been his whole life. He's been anti tudent anti worker. And he, he crossed a goddamn railroad strike. And everybody just memory holds that, that, that happened. Like he, if, if Trump did that, they would, it would be on billboards forever. And I again, it it's what what, Joe, why do you think that these, because my whole life, the establishment loved Donald Trump.


Right? Well, because the only option is if you don't go with Biden, then you're not with the Democrats. And the Democrats view themselves as a team. They view themselves as a team as much as Patriots. Think of America first. It's like that team is Democrats first and that's the only representation they have right now. Like apparently now I don know if this is true, but someone was telling, were you telling me about this, Jamie, about the live streaming of, was it you or was it someone else of Rob Reer and all these people? Oh, they were earlier too. Like I'll find the story. When I read they were all live streaming the debate and freaking out Barbara Streisand's crying. Ah, These people are deranged.


These people are no different than the Manson family in that they are in a cult. Yeah. They're locked into this ideology. It's not as bad as a man's in family, but it's clearly a, a cult. It's an ideological cult where you're not willing to go against any of the doctrines of the cult and one of the doc. And you're not allowed to, you're not allowed to have, you have to practice group think and that's that. Yeah. And Bill Mars a heretic, even though he is like, he's very much a liberal, he's a heretic because he says, Because every once in a while he'll tell the truth A lot of times. Yeah. He's just, he's not as informed as I'd like him to be about some of the stuff like MK Ultra, the WEF Or Ukraine. Well, don don't know what he knows about Ukraine, but he hates Donald Trump. but I think I couldn't figure it out on the pocket.


Like he wouldn't even like have a rational discussion as to why he hates him. He's Crazy. Yeah. But the thing he, I found out that he was sued by Donald Trump. Yes. So that's, that was, that's probably it because he, when he said that Donald tr he was an orangutan and that, so he sued him. Hollywood H's Debate Watch Party with Robert Jane Fonda ended in shouts and tears. That should have been Fuck Keeping Over the Kardashians. Yeah. That should be the fucking, the, the real Reality show. And that's what you get Reality show And I say, good for you. That's what you get for fucking lying. They, they've all lied. you know, I think the media took just as big a hit as Joe Biden did that night. Yes. Because now I mean, just a few weeks ago, there's that Joe Scarborough, that mental case on Morning Joe on MSN bbc.


And he was saying, let me tell you something, and if you don't believe it f you, he says this on six in the morning. Yeah. This is what he is telling his audience. F you. This is the best version of Joe Biden I've ever seen. He saw that clip. Right. This is the best version. And then like, Let's play it. Let's play it. Because it's Amazing. It it is amazing. Wasn't he a Republican? And they say at one point in time And they Yes. And they say that Trump is the liar. It's like they are right now in the middle of telling the biggest lie and it's ever been told in politic is bigger than FDR can walk, listen to this is bigger than that. Hampton Real estate is not cheap. And you gotta do some things maybe you don't want to do. If you wanna buy that sweet house and just drink your champagne by the lake just looking, or the bay rather just looking over in the ocean going, I fucking made it baby.


I'm here in the Hamptons. And that's, yeah. That's, It's, I'm about to go to dinner with Rob Reiner. Hey, I've, I, I've always, you know, I've always said, Hey, I don't, I don't know if I'm better or worse than those people, but you know, I, I've never had an, no one ever made an offer to sell to buy me out. So I don know how I Would react. I don't think it's a buyout or a sellout thing, man. That's a thing that people think. I think what happens is you get in locked into a cult. And then I think also you get invited to things with important people. And that 100% will shape the way you talk about stuff. If you get invited to a dinner with Bill Gates and Yes. you know, some very important people Right. When their name comes up, you're gonna defend them.


Well, Barack Obama talked about how just being in the room with the donor class changes you just being in the room course with them of And I. Chris Hayes wrote a book called The Twilight of the Elite about how all that, how that happens. Yeah. And then, and then he became the thing he wrote about. It's an unbelievable Yeah, don don't know much about That. But don't you think it's amazing how they fired all the, they fired the, the Arab reporters and the Muslim reporters at M-S-N-B-C because they were, they were telling a little bit of the truth about what's happening or they were confronting people over it and Yeah, You have to have one, one narrative and That's it. And that's it. And then, and then, but none of the, like you, they're supposed to stand up for these. Yeah. Why didn't Rachel Maddow say something?


Why didn't Chris Hayes? They, none of them said anything. None of a tough, fake, tough guy. Lawrence O'Donnell. None of them said anything. They just, okay, well keep your head down and keep taking it. you know, you know Rachel Maddow gets paid a hundred thousand dollars a day. Like, to me, don don't know. That's a lot of money. Good for her. That's a good, You buy a lot of man suits with that money. Yeah. Love. Did you have a Joe Scar Video? I love when she was being interviewed by Ben, who's the, what's his name? Ben. The, the guy who did Tropic Thunder? Ben, what's it? Stiller? Ben Stiller. Oh, Ben Stiller. They were Wearing the exact same Suit. Of course, of course. That's one way that for whatever reason, hardcore lesbians, when they wanna be taken seriously, they dress like a man and they dress like a man in a business outfit.


Yeah. Like Hannah Gatsby. Okay. Yeah. Like look how she dresses. She puts a suit jacket on. She's fantastic. I'm serious. I'm here for the meeting. I'm here to explain things to you people Kurt ga talking like he look at Joe's scar. Look, what does he say? Is this the one that you're looking for? Yeah. Let me hear it. Start your tape right now. 'cause I'm about to tell you the truth is he and f you f if you can't handle the threat, It's six in the morning. It's six in the morning. F you This Version of Biden intellectually analytically is the best Biden ever. Not a close suck. I've known him for not a close second. The Prezinski have known him for 15 Years and we're all fucking liars.


I wouldn't say it. And these people say that Trump's a liar. That's a I mean Trump's a huge bullshitter for sure. But this, We're in a Cohen Brothers movie. Yeah. This is unbelievable. And so how can, if you, can you imagine the pe don don't know how many people watch that show, but 45 people, Could you imagine still tuning in after that? Yes. I'd, I would fucking wake and bake and let's go. Tell me about the world, Joe. Well, I used to Watch. I used to, before I went to sleep, I used to, I would, I would be up. I was, I used to be a night owl when I was just a comedian before my show. And so I like, I would wait till three in the morning.


I'd be up late. I'm like, oh, I can't, I can wait. I can watch Joe Scarborough before I go to bed. Morning, Joe. So, and the joke I used to do is I watch it before I go to bed. 'cause I like to go to bed angry. And th that don don't know how anybody could watch that again after that. How could you, could you and have any self-respect unless it's, you know, you're, you're high and you're enjoying it until after You have to be high and enjoying it. And then it becomes high comedy I mean because it's so good. That was so good. That was so good that you, if you put that in a movie, people wouldn't buy it. I know. They would go, come on. No. What? That's not real. No one would do that. This is stupid. I'm, I've lost my disbelief. F you, he's gonna tell his own audience f you if you don't believe Joe Biden's not to.


Yeah. if I Was in a movie theater, my suspension of disbelief would, would go, come on. This is, I'm, that's why I was confused when I was looking. There's other videos I'm seeing that might have been a different time and no, That Was just a few weeks ago. This is saying right here, post the debate. And he's saying like, they should replace After the Oh, my that's of the thing. I'm, so that was right before the, that was like, thought this was after. Okay. That was weeks before the debate. He's saying that, I'm like, can you believe the ball's on these people Crazy balls? And so then after the debate, he does this 180 and there's all these videos that show him before and after. So that the greatest 180 turnaround of all time. So if he goes to the one up there with the black and white Joe, and then I just Yeah, That's the one.


That's The show, show that it's only 30 seconds. Watch this. Yeah. but I undersold him when I said he was cogent, cogent. He's far beyond cogent. Oh, he's be he, he's, in fact, I think he's better than he's ever been. This is a battle for the future of American democracy. And now is a good time in June, thank God, in June and not October. In June. This is the last chance for Democrats to decide whether this man we've known and loved for a very long time is up to the task. So that, that's, that's just a matter of weeks in between those two Joes. Yeah. F you And I wouldn't say if it wasn't the truth.


Okay, now we can thank God, we can replace 'em. And Well, here's why I have a theory about this, by the way. Okay. So they've never done presidential debates this early in the election season before. Right, right, right. And so my theory is that his, his own team sabotaged him. They knew this. So they wanted to get Joe Biden through the primary, because now all the delegates are beholden to Joe Biden means they're beholden to the Democratic Party donor class. Right? Yes. So there's no, there isn't no 50% Bernie Sander delegates out there. Right. They're gonna, they're not gonna have any trouble getting them to all coalesce at the convention and pick a new person. So they wanted to get Joe Biden to go through. And then as soon as he got through the thing, they're like, oh, let's have a debate. And then they knew he would look like this.


So then they can have enough time to get rid of them. That's what, that seems pretty plausible that that's what's gonna happen. And guess what's gonna happen now? So they're gonna have a person at the top of the ticket who nobody voted for. 'cause they're gonna choose them at the convention and nobody voted for this person. And they're saying democracy's on the ballot. That's the irony. Isn't that wild? Yeah. Well, not only that, but what did They do to keep RFK junior outta the primaries? To the point where he had to go independent. So yeah, they were making it impossible for him to get on ballots. They were, they were, they were, they were. How, how did They do that? you know what I had, he told me, but I can't remember.


But they were making it. Well, when I remember the first time I had him on my show, I was, I was, it was like a joke. I'm like, dude, you're running as a Democrat. I go, why do you think they have super delegates? They have super delegates for people like you. It's not gonna happen. I can't get excited about your candidacy. And so what, anything he said, I I just didn't get into it. Right. I was appreciative of the stuff he was saying around Covid and things like that. but I it was just a, I told him it's a fool's errand. Right? And he's like, oh, I'm a Democrat. I've always been a Democrat. I'm a Democrat. And I'm like, yeah, the Democrats are gonna screw you. And they did. And so I don't know exactly how, but it got so untenable that he couldn't run inside the, because they would have these different rules that they were just making up just to screw him. So then he Now do They do this once there's an incumbent, right.


Once there's a president in place, do They do this? Because there's so many jobs that are completely dependent upon that guy being in office. Not just the Democratic party, but that guy. So if a new guy comes in, like if RFK Jr comes in, if he wins, then everyone's out of a job. Oh yeah. Well, The whole machine's out of a job. So we, it's very clear watching Joe Biden talk very clear that he's not making all his decisions. And if someone writes his stuff down, we've seen the cue cards that he has, they tell him what to say. We see him read teleprompters and say end of quote, you know, he says things like that. He did it again. Just did it again. He says it again. Did it again. Does it all the time. We, so we know that there's no fucking way.


He's the, the man behind the, the, the machine. So that means there's a bunch of people that work for him that are essentially running the country. Right. And those people don't wanna lose that position, including his wife. His wife, apparently, by all takes. And she did an interview afterwards where she said, he's smarter than he is ever been. Pure evil. I know him evil. I see him buying clothes. She doesn't want him to stop pure Evil. What is that? What Do you think that that's, that's just pure evil. I mean, Do you think it's just like a power thing? She's in power. She doesn't wanna not be the first lady anymore. Like, what is it? Yeah, Of course. I think that's what I think it is. What, how could you not have compassion for your own fricking husband? I mean Jesus Christ. I mean he should have had his keys taken away years ago. Yeah. And here she is trying And you did a good job.


You answered all the questions. That was crazy. That was crazy. That's how you talk to a 3-year-old. He answered all the questions. I could see answering one or two, but all of 'em, if my wife talked to me like that, I would just start laughing because I would think, oh, she's fucking with me. I wouldn't just stand there. Yeah. And you would be saying, yes, I did. It's a wild video. Play that video, play that video of Jill saying that to Joe. 'cause it's, I saved it. And by the way, I listened to the debate again on the plane. Why you didn't Fucking get the pertinent information from round one. You're like, I need to go over this to the fine tooth comb. Because they, Because they kept saying that. Oh. 'cause the, the, the line now is that Joe might not have answered the questions, you know, like quickly or loudly. But he was telling the truth that his first answer, he lied three times.


Joe Biden, he lied about the Medicare's was it's $2,000. He said it was 200. He lied about the diabetes and he lied about Trump saying the bleach thing. Trump never said the bleach thing. He was talking about ultraviolet ation, which is a real thing that actually works. Yes. It actually works. And not only that, they, they've used it for decades For Yeah. But, and They, there was talk about using it for respiratory diseases and shining light into the lungs. I've, so I I've talked to a doctor who told me that, that that worked well. And so they, the, the people like the, the medical association, they came to 'em, they go, Hey, you have to sell this technology to us.


And, and he said no. And they go, well, if you don't, we're gonna have a bullshit study that says this doesn't work. And that's exactly what they did. Wow. And They do that to everything. They, let's Play this real quick. You did such a great job. You answered every question. You knew all the facts. And ask the crowd. Look at Standing there. What did Trump do? Oh bro, he looks so baffled. First of all, if I was in his corner, first thing I would've done is given him a hairpiece. Let's go, bro. I I wish You can't compete with Trump's wacky hair. You need fake hair. You need fully fake hair.


I think they'll buy it. Don't, don't even sweat it. We're gonna glue a, a nice piece on you and you're gonna have a distinguished head of hair. Second of all, whoever the fuck is giving your Botox back off a little. Let the guy move the forehead a little bit. This is ridiculous. You're not tricking me to thinking he's young. I know exactly how old he is. Right? Go, go, go to the watch How she, oh no, that's not it. Oh, when she helps him off the stage. Yes. This is it. Watch it. She has to walk him down the steps. Yeah. Are they gonna show it? Show it. Well, Yeah. He's he's got some bad knees. Show It. Show old War injuries, bro. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He Was this defending the Girl Scouts from the Taliban. Look at this. Yeah, look At this. I know. It's crazy. He has to go sideways. And if you don't think that's the best version, fuck you, Joe f you.


Fuck f you. I love that guy because he's the tough guy. Democrat. Yeah. He's a but he's a Republican Republican, But No, no, no. He's a Democrat. He's on tv. Oh yeah. C-N-B-C-M-S-N-B-C. Yeah. Whatever it is. Yeah. Well that, that just goes to show you that there is, there's no difference between the parties. And I, remember when Donnie Deutsch accidentally let it slip out on Joe Scarborough's show? That is Joe Scarborough actually a Republican. He was, He was a Republican congressman. But does he consider himself one now? I, I think so. For real. I I mean Just like a nevertrump Republican Never Trump Republican. Yeah. And Donny de dot said that I remember if, if Bernie Sanders wins the, this was in back in 2020, if Bernie Sanders wins, he, I'll have to vote for Trump.


And Joe Scarborough's like, well Donny, do you hear what you're saying? And Don do's like, oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. don don't know why he said that. I know why you said that. 'cause you fucking would. That's why they, they they sc they're scared of Bernie pe people who Bernie Sanders presents as being, turns out Bernie Sanders isn't that guy. Bernie Sanders is a lap dog to power. But but he didn't he just seem to become that as of recently. Yeah. I mean, I think he always was. He Was do think just tired when When you go back in time and you know, he didn't, he stopped talking to Ralph Nader. He stopped talking to Michael Parente. He was for the bombing of Kosovo. He's always been a little bitch for the military industrial complex. And he, it's disgusting.


And so when, if you really look, you know, I got so excited about Bernie Sanders. Right. I mean, that was so, I've never been more excited about a politician in my life. And I've never been more let down by a politician in my, and they lied about the CARES Act and he lied about putting the, oh, we had to do it for the unemployment. Like that was just the largest, you know, that was the largest upper transfer of wealth in the human history was the CARES Act. And they, that's a, and nobody talks about that. Explain the CARES Act to People. So that was when, right when Covid hit and they passed that $5 trillion bill, $5 trillion just outta nowhere. They didn't go, they didn't go tax people for it. They just fucking printed it. $5 trillion. And that was considered the largest upward trade. So that's remember, and none of them, there was no money in there for, to, for pay people's salaries.


Remember? Like, that's what other countries did. What did the 5 trillion go towards? Went towards the thousand richest motherfuckers in the country. Basically. That's what, you know, that's where you got the, you could, if you had a business, you could apply for a p what is that? Some kind of P-P-P-P-E loan Yeah. And stuff like that. And a Lot of people scam those loans. Lot of people, I've seen so many arrests of people of called Lamborghinis and shit. You got one of, I was like, fuck, everybody else is getting one. I better get one. Wow. And I was like, I I told My you pay your staff and everything Like that. Yeah. I told my wife, I go, I don't, I, we don't know what's gonna happen. So I said, Hey, apply. See what happens. They gave it, they gave it to us. I was like, what? I couldn't fucking believe It. So you have to pay it back. Is that what it is? No, it's just free money. No, if you Don't, if you don't lay off anybody like for a certain amount of time, then you get to keep it.


But if you did what Yes, But you just get free money. Yeah. Whoa. Yes. That's, that's everybody crazy. Everybody got, it was $5 trillion they gave out Joe. Yeah. And they gave it out probably to companies that didn't lose profit. I bet. Yeah. Right. So if they didn't, if they didn't fire companies and they didn't stop operations, I wonder, I wonder if I, if somebody should look into how much did Amazon get? Did they get money? Did they get that kind of money? Even though they, they, They're smart. They got paid. Yeah. That they're, there's a dirty corrupt system. They're a part of it. Let's go, let's party. I I think we bust this move out. Everybody's sick. But don't you think what The care it's called a CARES act. It's called a cares Act like the Patriot Act.


Well, aren't you a patriot? And they say, yeah, Aren't a patriot, Jimmy, you don't care about America. Why, why do You care about America or not? Why, why do you hate freedom? Yeah. Why do you hate freedom? You won't sign the Patriot Act. It's Called the, it's called the Patriot Act. The most Nazi like thing ever. The government cannot spy On you. That's the Patriot Act too. Oh, okay. You're thinking of the Patriot Act too. Okay. Electric boogaloo Or the National Defense Authorization Act. Oh Yeah. Those ones were passed through the, were In the 2011 NDAA section 10 21. Barack Obama got rid of habeas corpus. That's not important. What's really important is that we get these trillionaires all their money for covid got Rid of habeas corpus Joe. Wow.


So now I mean habeas corpus was in the Magna Carta. So now we're operating on a liberty view from somewhere around the 11 hundreds. That's that's, and people don't democracy's on the ballot. You fucking more democracy hasn't been on the ballot for decades and decades. You don't live in a democracy. You live in an oligarchy, which was proven by a Princeton study over 10 years ago. And when are you gonna get pissed off about that? Nope. No. 'cause the TV guy says, no, no. It's the Joe Biden's democracy. And Trump isn't, and And I. Don't you love all that shit about how Oh, he'll never leave office. I didn't know that was an option. I didn't know a president could just decide to not So every president has left office just because they're good people. Just because they decided to, oh, he's gonna be a dictator.


I didn't know a president. I thought we had co-equal branches of government. How is this all shit? They just say this shit. Yeah. And it is. None of it's true. And they all just make it. He was already president one time's he left office. That's the thing. Yeah. We know. We already Lived through it. Everybody's pretending that if he gets into office, he's going be the horrible thing that they predicted that didn't take place when he was in office for four years. Why would he, like what evidence are you basing this on? The evidence that when he was in pre, when he was actually the president and he was for four fucking years. Right. Like you're, he did none of those things. He didn't prosecute political rivals. He didn't go after he did lock Hillary Clinton up. He did lock up. Didn't Lock up. Even though she's a super criminal, he Didn't really remember, Remember the F fbi, I, the co Comey guy came out and he said, yeah, this is gonna sound crazy in a couple of different ways.


But yes, we found hundreds of, of high level documents, secret classified documents on her server. But you know, we're not gonna prosecute her. I know this is gonna sound weird. Yeah. Do you remember that? Yeah, I do. That made a, somebody made a hilarious video out of it. They put it to music. It was weird at the beginning because a lot of people, myself included, saw him firing Comey. I'm like, whoa, you're gonna fire the head of the FBI. 'cause he doesn't like it. Like, that's crazy. That's crazy. And Comey's A piece of shit. Well, Because of that, what I was gonna say is, because of that happening, it caused so many people to start going, what has the FBI done? Like, what are they doing? And then you start reading stories and you start understanding the history of it.


And you're like, oh, what, what did they, what, What did They do? What Have they been involved in? I know what, I know what good things. Lot of good things. There's a few, like whenever within any kinda large organization, there's a lot of competitive people trying to rise to the top. You're gonna get unscrupulous fellas Sociopaths, sociopaths Rights at the top. Yeah. And they're gonna do some things. And if they're in high positions of power and they can manipulate everyone around them to go with it, that's what you get. You get in every human situation where people Are in control. Yeah. you know, you get, you get January 6th, that's what you get. You get, you get Russiagate. I know the, I know that the FBI lied to the FIS court 17 times so they could get a tap on Brock, on Donald Trump's phones.


That happened. They lied to the S court 17 times. Nobody talks about that. Nobody pays a price for that. They, they did it to the goddamn, you know, you know, I'm sure you saw the video of when Chuck Schumer was on with Rachel Maddow and he says, well, talking about Trump. Yeah. That he's being really dumb to, to criticize the intelligence community, meaning the CIA and the FBI and Regional Meadow says why? And he says, 'cause they've got six ways this Sunday to mess with you back. Yeah. So what he really was saying there, that that was the leading Democrat in the Senate, the leader of the party. He was telling people in a, into a camera that the president, that that that CIA and the FBI doesn't work for the president. That he has to worry about them.


And if they don't work for the president, who the fuck do they work for Joe. Right, Exactly. And of course, Rachel Mayow never asked that question. She's never gonna do that because, you know, she's a, a lapdog of the military industrial complex, wall Street, big pharma, all of them, they're all the same. It was a, it's a natural thing that takes place when any organization gets extreme power. And that was supposed to be mitigated. Right. And the, the This is like the problem that Kennedy had with secret societies. This is the problem that Kennedy had with the CIA and what Kennedy had with the NSA. This, these you, when you ever get people that are above everything, like this concept of the deep state, you put your tinfoil hat on when you just say the word deep state, everybody who is not paying attention, people that are just reading mainstream news, you say deep state, they go, oh God, he's a Q Anon guy.


They gotta get out here. The deep state's real. And it's, it's A hundred percents. It's real. It's the intelligence C It's the And Chuck Schumer said they don't work for the president. Oh, well what I So Yeah, They don't. And they don't. They don't. And so they I mean they would even brag about it when Trump first became president. They would go on Comey and other people would go on interviews and they would say, you know, Mr. President, we're gonna be here a long, we were here before you we're gonna be here after you. Yeah. So they don't give a shit about the pre I mean, they're just saying it out loud. They would say it out loud. And so Yeah. So people are conditioned. But isn't that just what happens when you have competitive human beings locked into these organizations that have extreme power? It's just you, you're always going to have that with human beings.


These are like human behavior patterns. Yeah. That they always follow. It's that Just like our country is ending the way all empires end. Yep. We overextend ourselves militarily. Which is brings me to what is that you're smoking? It's a Cigar. Oh Really? When I don't want a full cigar. I smoke one of these little tiny Monte Christos. Oh, It's a little baby cigar. You want a cigar? No, I'll smoke a real one With you. No, I did that once and it made, 'cause I used to smoke cigarettes and I'm like, oh, I could, everybody started smoking cigars at one time when I moved, first smoked to Los Angeles. I was like, oh, I could smoke cigars. These are nice ones. 'cause Ron White turned me onto these, it Woke up the beast. And I started smoking cigarettes again. Oh yeah. Yeah. No, good beast. So I can't do it. I even quit smoking pot recently in last I heard last September.


I heard you did. Yeah, I watched that video. I thought it was really interesting. Makes people Oh, It makes people sad when I stayed on stage. Oh, That's silly. That's silly. People go, oh, it makes him upset. And I'm like, you know, it, it, it really woke me up to a lot of things. I don't know. I don't even, people go, why? Why'd you quit? don don't even know why I quit. Like, I feel like it was, I think it came from a higher power. Yeah, I know you were saying that too. I'm gonna get a cigar while we're talking. You're gonna get a real cigar. A real cigar. Oh, okay. What made you go from the I want a little one to a big one just now we're gonna Talk about something serious. Oh, okay. I like a cigar. God dammit. It smells well the thing that why I stop is 'cause it smells so fucking good. And I. Yeah, but I, I see what your point is though.


And I. See what you're saying. And there's a thing that can happen with marijuana or with anything that alters your state of consciousness, including coffee, cigarettes, alcohol, everything is, you're using that to sort of cope and exist. And you're not, you're not really being present. You're always being present under the influence of these things. And, I've been guilty of that myself. you know, just sometimes you just want to catch a buzz. Just want, don't wanna be here. I just wanna have a couple of whiskeys. don don't wanna be here. I wanna be here. But just be, ah, you know, know, it's like sometimes the world's overwhelming. And, I think you miss a lot if you live in that state.


You miss a lot. Like one of the things that happens with people that have drug problems when they're young is they don't really mature properly. 'cause they spent, you know, 15, 16, 17 doing meth, doing coke, partying. Oh yeah. And then by the time that's right, they get clean and sober. Like there are grown up babies. Yes. That's, well they say that, they say that when your addiction starts, you stop, you get locked into that level of maturity that you're at. Yes. Until your addiction ends. Yes. And then you start growing. But now you're growing in a confused state. And you've also got this anxiety that's so sometimes crippling because if you wasted a giant chunk of your life and not made any progress, and here you are a beginner at 35 years old and you're out here in the world trying to like get a regular job at 35 and nobody wants to hire you because you've been in 15 rehabilitation centers and you, you know, got locked up for stealing hubcaps, catalytic converters or whatever.


It's like the, the thing that it does to you is it, it separates you from normal reality. And that could be a positive or a negative. If you have discipline and control and you're present and you really spend a lot of time thinking alone by yourself and meditating. You can use things to alter your state of consciousness to achieve new thoughts. You, you tap into new ideas. Pot. Pot helped me a lot. Comedically. It helped Me. Yeah. It's comedy, steroids. Yeah. It, it was a big, it was a big deal for me. It, it took me from being, I was a very narrow and rigid comedian and then it opened me up and it made me a much better comedian is all I can say.


And it worked for a long time. And it didn't like, take away my discipline. Like I still had lots of discipline comedically, and then doing my, when I started my podcast in 2008 or oh nine, and then my radio show, and then the, so it never, I always, always, yeah, your OG 2008 or oh nine. Yeah, yeah. Yep. There with me. Then we were like, at the same time. Yep. Wow. I started with Todd Glass. I started a show called Comedy and Everything Else, and we would interview comedians. And then I did like a hundred 52 episodes of that And I. Just got tired of it. I just, and then I started doing The Jimmy Dore Show. 'cause I got a radio show on KPFK in Los Angeles, which is a public radio show. So it was all politics and comedy, you know?


And so I just shifted over to that and it was, it was a pretty popular po It still is. The pop I mean it would get like 50 to 60,000 downloads per episode, but it never sold tickets. It's the weirdest thing. And, but when I went on YouTube, that was immediately, I started selling tickets immediately. Immediately. And it, that's, you know, as you know, that changes your whole life. Yeah. The YouTube things, that's a different world. Everybody has it. It's, it's on every phone. It's on everybody. If you have Apple TV people, I, I watch YouTube more than I watch Netflix. Oh, no doubt. Oh, no doubt. Yeah. Because if I watch Netflix, it's like, I wanna watch Peaky Blinders. I sit down and watch it, you know?


But if YouTube's like, let me just fuck around and see what's going on in the world of ancient archeology, let me watch a professional pool match. Let me see this new muscle car build. I get lost for hours if my, if I want to zone out, if I'm exhausted. And I just want zone out. I've did everything that I have to do. I just wanna just chill YouTube. I go right to YouTube. Yeah. So, Hey, Jimmy Dore, what's he talking about? Oh, I didn't know that. And then I'm watching you yell at Cornell West or some other fucking person. And I'm like, this is ama. Jimmy's a mad dog. I love how mad, I love having Kurt on the show because he gets upset for, you know, and sub play. And then like, I get to be amused by instead of me getting upset. Yes. Oh, it's a perfect balance. Kurt's sitting there going that, that Everything's a fucking si and everything your whole life.


Everything in the world. Okay. Everything. Yeah. That's like, like At the, at the two and a half hour mark of the show, everything, Every, every fucking thing, everything And, I, Just, I just, it gives me joy. So you were saying before I interrupted you that you think that it was a higher calling that like quitting, quitting pot. So I started, and when Covid happened, I started getting into Carl Jung and my unconscious and analyzing my dreams. And then I realized that the, that there is what Carl Young Carl's got is a transpersonal self. And, and he's the one who kind of figured out we have a collective unconscious that we're all, so there only is one conscious I mean you've done DMT and all shit.


So you get all that. But he, he was able to give himself like a mushroom trip when he was conscious without taking mushrooms. Right. And he would call it active imagination. So he could go into his unconscious and confront all these things that like archetypes and God, and that lives in your unconscious. And he had to have a person that was there to make sure he didn't go crazy. And so he did this for like four years, from like 1913 to 1917. And he wrote it down on a thing called the Red Book, which he would not allow it to be published for 50 years after he died. Whoa. Because he knew if people read it, it would discredit his work in psychology, because it sounds crazy.


All the shit. It's like, it's like he had mushroom trips and he would write it down. Right. But it was real. And so what he did, so during those four years, he then spent the rest of his life trying to explain to people what he had learned in those four years in on, in ways that they could understand it. And so that's what the rest of his life was about. And they asked him, I remember they asked him, do you do, do you believe in God? He says, I don't believe in God. I know And I was like, man, that's badass. And you could say shit like that. And so anyway, but I started to get into this. And so he figured out that there was, we have a collective unconscious, because he would see these symbols in his dreams, and he knew that they were like meaningful, but he didn't know what they meant.


And then he started to study alchemy, which alchemy isn't what you think it is. Alchemy was about turning a psychological lead into psychological gold. And they were onto a lot of shit. And they had to keep it secret 'cause of the church, I guess. And so they had to speak in code, kind of. And so he started to read Alchemy, and he started to see these symbols that were in his dreams that they had written about, and they had already figured out what it meant. And he was like, well, how the fuck could I have a dream about something? I didn't know any BI never read this book before. don don't know what, how it's, and that's how he started to figure that out. And so that shit has happened to me. I'll see symbols in my, in my dreams. I, this happened.


So I, I, I, I was, this is gonna sound crazy. So I'm in the jungle in a clearing, and this, this creature comes over to me, it looks like a big ape. His body's like an, like a big gorilla, but his head is like half of a lion, half human. And I'm like, what the fuck? And, and he puts his hand out and I'm like, oh, he's gonna crush me. So I, but I put my hand in his hand, and he took my hand gently, and he walked me into the jungle. And I was like, what the, so I tell this to my, I have a analyst who, Jungian analyst, who helps me decipher what my dreams mean. And, and he said, you know, that's an archetypal God. And that, that was them telling you it's time for you to go into the jungle of your unconscious, but you'll be safe if you long And I was like, oh, so then look like a month later, I'm reading this book and there's that fucking thing, the ape with the line.


I'm like, there's a p Like what? That's the thing. I saw my dream. Like how did that show up in my dream before I ever saw it before, or knew I had the, so I'm having the exact same. Is There a drawing of this in Young's book, or is it just description in Young's book? It's called A Myth. God. That's what, that's what I, why can't I come to know? I was like, that's the fucking thing that was in my dream. So there's also another thing called the Old Man. So Carl Young talks about this a lot. Like he would meet the old man in his dream, which was like a, a transpersonal self for God. Yeah. Like that. That's It. Wow. Yeah. So that's an I'm an archetypal character.


Yeah. And I'm like, how the fuck did That? And you had no idea. And that thing showed up in your dream. I've never seen it. Yeah. Wow. So that's depicted all throughout history, it looks like I had no idea. So how Bizarre I had this big decision to make in my life. And it, it was so what what Carl Young says is that you're unconscious. Your transpersonal self will create a scenario for you where there's no way out. There's no, no matter which way you go, you lose. So I was in one of those And I had had a dream, and I'm standing in line at a Starbucks, at a, at a, at an airport.


And this guy taps me, And I, And I see a shortcut. So whenever there's a shortcut, I, you know, I'm gonna get, I'm gonna, 'cause it's a long line. And so I figured out I can go in over here, And, I can sneak and get in and get my coffee first. you know? And so I'm, I'm like doing that. And all of a sudden, this taps, and it's the old man with the gray hair that Carl Jung had talked about. I didn't know it at the time. And I. I just thought this and this old man, he didn't say anything to me. It's like he just grabs my hand and he points to the end of the long line, And, I, go, fuck you old man. Get away from me. Whoa. What the fuck do you know? And whoa. Yeah. Well, now I, so I eventually did take the long line in my, in my, not in the dream, but in my life.


And as soon as I did, every, so Carl Yang has another saying. He says, you the biggest problems in your life can never be solved. They can only be outgrown. And so I outgrew that. I was like, oh, so it, it happened Like it. And so I've had these experiences of, so, But, but, but you didn't finish that thought. Like, what was wrong with the back of the line? Like, what did you realize by going to the back of the line? It's like, I, I don't want, it's, it's a little personal So like, about the, the situation in my waking life. but I just knew that I had I what I had to do then. Right. Once I realized that, that, oh, the old man, that was my transpersonal self telling me, you gotta do this.


And I'm, and so it, it, I had a, or had an awakening. I outgrew this problem because it, you know, it was, it was like they, you know, my, my union analyst refers to it as, you know, you're on a crucifix right now, and the only thing you can do is hold, maintain, don't make a decision. Don't do one thing or the other. Just hold. And then something will appear. And that, that, that's what appeared. It was in my dream. It coincided with the synchronicity in me reading a book about what I was supposed to do. I'm like, holy fuck. What do you think dreams are? So I think it's a mistake to dismiss them. I think dreams are the same consciousness that creates this waking life creates your your dream life.


Right? And they're important. And if the more attention you pay to them, they're more you'll get out of them. And the more it'll rise up to meet you. And so I keep a dream journal. I write down every dream I have, and you'll start to see patterns. And it, it's, I've, I've had, so I was reading this book called The Undiscovered Self by Carl Jung, and it's amazing how it fits what's happening right now today. Right. And I tried to get to Bobby Kennedy to read it with me, but he says in there, you know, how during COVID how comedians flipped, and all of a sudden you weren't allowed to question, you know, I, I did that bit about that you quoted before and you're not allowed to question and think for yourself.


And it used To be called reading. Yeah. It used to be called reading. Don't do your own research. It's just reading. So now they're shaming me for reading. Right. So Carl, Carl Young talks about that you, you have a, a need, you have a psychological need for to have a a an experience of the divine and a deity and all that stuff. And if you don't have that, you are gonna create it. And so that's how those people, when I'm reading this book, I'm like, oh, that's what they did with COV. They turned fauci into a God. They turned science into a religion. Right. You can't question it. Right. They're archetypes. Right. So that I'm like, what? So that, so they just projected. So Carl Young's all about projection that we're projecting all the time, and that's how we get to know ourselves.


Right? So, like when you fall in love with someone, that's the big, his big one is that you have a feminine side in inside of you, and it's called your anima. If you're a guy, and if you're a female, you have a male. And that's called your animus. And when you fall in love with So, like, oh, you know that thing? Like, oh my God, I can't live without this person. This is the thing that I've been looking for my, that's when you project that part of yourself, it's in your unconscious onto that person. And so that's a real religious experience because you're rejoining religion, meaning to rejoin. You're joining your conscious self with your unconscious self. And that's why it feels like you're being stimulated from the inside. 'cause you are. And you feel this oneness and this wholeness.


And if I lose this person, I'll die. Right. And so that is what most people, that's why guys in their, it happens to guys in their fifties, and that's why a lot of guys leave their wife and they go for, that's, it's fucking amazing how that happens. Right. So that's, so that's all projection and then eventually the projection falls off and then people get divorced, right? Yeah. Yeah. Interesting. So the religious experiences, the, the combining of the two souls, The combining of your conscious self and your unconscious self. Right. In someone else. And, and, and yeah. So you and you experience it by projecting it on someone else. Oh, so, and that's, that's the phenomena. And no, nobody knows. That's the phenomena of love of, of romantic love, of romantic love.


Right. And there's this whole book, there's this, there's this old myth about Tristan and Isol, And I read this whole book by this Jungian scholar that explains what it's all about. And you have to give up. So by the way, I meet my anima and my dreams all the time. And it's unbelievable. It's fucking unbelievable. Yeah. So they have different people's, how Often do you remember your dreams? Every Day. Really? Yeah. And So like to the point where if I'm gonna have a session with my union analysis, I'll take a nap. And I know I'll have a dream or two, and I'll wake up And I, we talk about 'em. I, I, I get, I'm a good dreamer. Especially when you quit smoking pot. And is that when the dream started?


Or did you have dreams while you were smoking pot? I, I had dreams while I was smoking pot. But they're just more intense now. But then, then they got, yeah, after you quit smoking pot, your dreams become vivid and intense and over the top almost, almost too much, you know? Mm. But now it's gone back to a normal level. So lemme ask you this again. What do you think dreams are? I dr. Think dreams are spiritual. Whatever is in your spirit, whatever is, it's, it's God, for lack of a better, better term, trying to communicate with you and talk to you through symbols. Wow. That's what I think some I mean. I'm not an expert on this stuff. I just finished into it for like the last four years.


And, I just know my experience. And so it's, it Is very strange how busy Vivid. And so if you don't have a, if you don't have a, an experience of the divine, you are going to create it. And that's what people did during Covid with science and fauci and all that shit. They, they projected it onto that. And luckily, luckily enough, I've been having experiences of the divine through my dreams and my dream analysis. And then, then I also see it when you see synchronicities that Carl, Carl Young talked about synchronicities, which are coincidences that have meaning. They're not just coincidences. Right. So, and you know, and once you start to look for them, you see, you know, it's like when you buy a new car, you see that car everywhere.


It's like, once you start to look for synchronicities, they start to happen. So then it's like, I'm constantly in communication with God. That's how I, that's how I, for lack of a better word, that's how I feel about it. Right. And so everything hap that happens in my dreams and in my waking life comes from the same consciousness. Carl Young said that the future can be set up, is set up by your unconscious long in advance. Which is why it can be guessed at by clairvoyance. So anyway, so this book, the Red book that he wrote down his experiences for those four years where he could give himself like a mushroom trip. And he, it finally got published in 2010. And I'm not even able to read it.


Like, I just look at it, it's just like super confusing and it's looks like crazy talk. So I, what I do is I read books that he wrote, wrote up, try, you know, after he had that experience, And I read books by other Jungian scholars explaining shit. 'cause it's, he's dense man. He's very, he puts a lot of info in a little bit of, like, it took me a week just to, I was reading a, a book called the, the Mysterium Concho that he wrote. And it took me like a week just this, the opening paragraph just to keep going. Like, what the fuck? Yeah. I tried reading his book on flying saucers. Oh, Really? Yeah. What is Carl Young's book on flying saucers called, but he had this concept about flying saucers.


He thinks they're, they're constructs of the mind, but not necessarily that they're not real. A very strange flying saucer. That's is it? No, it's modern myth. Yeah. If you go to the back, like, go back to where you, a modern myth of things seen in the sky. Oh, Really? Yeah. I haven't heard about this book. So see if you could find just a synopsis, what did just write, what did Carl Young believe about UFOs? See? Does it say here, okay, lets say in the late fifties, the height of the popular fascination with UFOs flying saucers is the great psychologist, brilliant prescient meditation on the phenomenon that gripped the world. A self-confessed skeptic and such matters.


Young was nevertheless intrigued, not so much by their reality or unreality, but by their psychic aspect. He saw flying saucers as a modern myth in the making to be passed down the generations. Just as we have received such myths from our ancestors in this wonderful and enlightening book, young sees UFOs as visionary rumors, the center of a quasi-religious cult and carriers of our technological and salvationist fantasies 40 years later with entire religions, based on the writings of science fiction authors, is remarkable To see just how right he's proven to be has proved to be. Wow. Yeah. I'll have to read that book. Yeah. I think the people, the best book to start with, Carl Jung is me.


Memories, dreams, reflections, which is his biography. And he wrote, And that, that he, he, you know, he lets you in on a little, because he was, he was more than a psychologist. He was a mystic. Right. And it, it, it's, it's made all the difference in my life. I was a, I was, you know, I considered myself a Sam Harris atheist. I used to call myself, you know, 'cause, and that was mostly a reaction to me being brought up Catholic. And so I was rejecting religion. And, but at the same time, I was also rejecting spirituality. And I didn't realize it. But now because of this experience, I realize, oh no, that, that, you know, it is just terminology.


God is real. There is the, you know, your ego doesn't control things your ego needs. Once you can make your ego subservient to the transpersonal self and your unconscious, that's the key to life. The realizing that you're just, you know, the way, the way I describe it to people is that, you know, we're all part of consciousness. Consciousness is a ocean. And then there's a huge way, the part of the consciousness we see is a, is a, is the wave right. And all I can do is surf that wave. I can't create that wave. I can't control it. I can't, all I can do is try to surf it as best I can. And by making yourself, you know, subserve your ego subservient to, and keeping your eye on the transpersonal center, which is what Carl Young talks about, that's kind of the key.


It's very, unless you experience it, it's hard to understand. It's even hard for me to explain it. Yeah. But it does Make sense. It's like trying to explain a DMT trip. I'm guessing I've never done DMT It does make sense that a person like that, that is trying to understand how the human mind works, would have to take into account all sorts of bizarre things like UFO, sightings, psychic experiences, dream states, endogenous psychedelic experiences through, like, there's a bunch of different ways you can reliably achieve psychedelic states without any drugs. One of them that I've done recently even is holotropic breathing. And if you do holotropic breathing, you have what's like, almost like a mushroom trip.


What is that? It's Google holotropic breathing. So you can get an, I don't butcher the definition of it, but I also, a lot of people do breathing exercises in sensory deprivation tanks, which provides very vivid psychedelic experiences with no drugs at all. I just, so this Is, I did my first breathing exercise ever this morning. This is just talking about the, the study of it. There's a way to do, maybe I said the wrong word. So, psyche breathing to induce psychedelic states. Just write, just write breathing to induce psychedelic states. I might have used the wrong word.


All right, here we go. Breathing their way to an altered state. Oh, That's from the new look at, it's in the Yes. Right there in fast Post New York Times January 10th. So, you know, it's a lie. Okay. What does it, what does it say here? So it's, do, do they call it holotropic breathing? Or am I using the wrong terminology? Yeah. Okay. There it is. Vigorous modality known as holotropic breath work is offered at the end of an eight month training, eight month before they get you the holotropic breathing Wow. To provide a lawful taste of the therapeutic potential and pitfalls of altered states of consciousness. So Dr. JJ Purcell, a naturopathic doctor from Oregon, was amongst the trainees that walked into the early October session, skeptical that a couple hours of intense breathing, intense breathing could induce anything close to a psychedelic trip.


But she was stunned. The depth of what I experienced was so similar to psilocybin Dr. Purcell marveled referring to the psychoactive compound in magic mushrooms. It was trippy. So you did that? Yeah, I've done that a bunch of times. And does it work? Yeah, it definitely works. Especially works in a tank or when you're lying in bed when you're, you're quiet. How so? You, you just did a certain kind of breathing for hours. Yeah. Is Google like, what is the protocol for psych, for holotropic breathing? There's just like a specific way you're supposed to do it, but I can achieve some reasonable form of a psychedelic state by just concentrating on breath. I, I have this thing that I do And, I do it when I can't sleep, where my mind is racing.


Right? So I force my mind to concentrate on one thing. And that's in with the good, out with the bad. Those are the only words I allow in my head. So as I breathe in, I go And, I lose track. I start thinking about, oh, I forgot to call that guy back. I start thinking, but then I get back to it in with the good out with the bad in with the good out with the bad in long breath. I, When I'm doing that, I'm only allowing those, those words in my head. I'm, I'm the other ones are getting in there, but I'm pushing 'em out. Get out the door, I'm the bouncer.


And then eventually I can achieve this very strange state, this very strange state that with your eyes closed, you start seeing patterns. You see this like weird sort of like matrix, like, for lack of a better term, almost like a geometric grid of the world. And you just keep kind. And usually I fall asleep when I'm doing that, but I can stay awake and have, it takes a while. You might take 15, 20 minutes of doing that. But you, you get in there, And, I know that people that do kundalini yoga, I have a friend who did Kundalini yoga, and he said, and he's also done TMT, he said, it is the exact same place. You can absolutely get there.


You just have to be rigorous. You have to practice it for a long time. But they have a specific type of like nodding and bobbing They do with intense breath work that gets you to this endogenous dump of psychedelic chemicals. So one of the, one of the reasons why it's so insane that that sweeping 1970s psychedelic drug act took place is not just that they used it to target civil rights leaders and anti-war movement people and the Black Panthers and anybody that was inconvenient. But also that it stopped us from being able to explore what these things are. So the, one of the terms that psychedelics use, that people, they talk about psychedelics, it's one of the more lofty terms is entheogen and what entheogen means, essentially.


It's like this is something that connects you to God. Like what is the, what is the term entheogen, what is the actual, what's the literal translation of entheogen? But that this is what they think. Here it is a chemical substance, typically a plant origins that is ingested to produce a non-ordinary state of consciousness for religious or spiritual purposes. I think that's what most religions are based on. I think they're based on either an understanding of how to achieve psychedelic states endogenously or people coming into contact with psilocybin, amanita mascar.


There, there's a variety of different things that they probably came in contact with. There's scholars out of Jerusalem now that believe that the interpretation from Moses and the burning bush, that that burning bush was probably the, the acacia tree. And the acacia tree is rich in DMT now. It just completely makes sense that burning a bush that is rich in DMT would connect Moses to God and God would give Moses these commandments for how mankind should live. That completely makes sense. Well, it's probably a psychedelic experience and there's probably a bunch of different ways to get them. I think that's what monks are doing when they're, they're spending the entire day isolated and and meditating.


I think they're achieving very, that's, I think that's why they're willing to keep doing it. I think that's why they're willing to stay. Everybody's like, oh, those poor bastards. Look at 'em. No pussy dressed like a retard. Like look at 'em this stupid fucking orange robe. But those people, I think are connecting to something some other state that is more exciting than this one that we're kind of Trapped in. Well, I've had the experience of, I've, I've only done mild doses of mushrooms in my life, maybe five or six times. And the last time I did it, I remember when I would close my eyes, it, it would seem more real than when I opened, when I opened my eyes, it was like, oh, everything seemed flat. Yeah. And uninteresting. And when I closed eyes, I was like, this is the real thing.


I'd like to stay here longer. So it's gotta be what you said. That's why people are willing to sit in a cave and meditate every day. And because it's more real, it's a more, it's a more, it's a more like a rich experience. I think we operate under the biological dimension. That's where our, our our thing moves around under the biological dimension. And all of our senses are tuned into the biological dimension. 'cause it rev it involves injury and death and illness and, and crime and, and injustice and all these different things that ah, get you all ramped up in the biological dimension. But we're also connected to something else. And you could define that thing. You can call it things, you can call it heaven, the well of souls.


You could call it a bunch of different things. I think calling it anything is a problem. 'cause we don't know what the fuck it is, but whatever it is, I think there's a bunch of different ones. And Mc, Terrence Mc kinda described it as a mandala like that there's like a mandala of different psychedelic experiences that the human body and the human mind is capable of experiencing. And that there's all sorts of different ones have, you're going to a different neighborhood and that these chemical gateways that get you into these states, that's what these psychedelic drugs are. We're looking at it like, oh, he's just escape. In reality, I think they're chemical gateways. I think they're chemical gateways into other dimensions, into some other realm that you cannot, you cannot get there with this thing that's worried about, oh, I'm getting a belly.


It's because your ego, I have to do this. Ego. Yeah, ego. And just the, the reality of having to pay your bills and keep the lights on. There's just like too much weird shit here that distracts you. Joe Biden's fine. He's the best version of Joe Biden ever seen. And you're driving to work on what I mean in the upside down world. This is like fucking stranger things. Like what is happening here? This is my thing. And you're losing your fucking mind. And that all this does, all this chaos. This is like, if the devil and God were real, the this is the chaos. This is hell Yeah. The the hell is this confusion. Yes. And this, this constant lack of peace. No one's ever, everyone's filled with anxiety. Well, Jesus said there's a quote that the kingdom of the my father is laid upon the earth, but the eyes of men don't see it.


Mm. So yeah. That, so we are creating our own hell, right? Yeah. And it's, I think over identification with the ego mind, you know, which is different than, you know, you got, you got a big ego that's different. The ego mind is like what you're conscious of your, your idea of who you are, and then the things that you don't like according to young, you split them off and you put them into your unconscious. So when people who hate Trump, like when you see people who have Trump derangement syndrome Yeah. That's because they're projecting that part of themselves that is like trump onto him. And so then they can hate that. And that when you, when you have a big reaction to something external, whether it's you love something intensely or you hate something intensely that tells you it's about you, that's about 'cause and So, like, I never hated Trump.


I hated the system that got us Trump. Like that's, I tried to keep my focus on, you know, it was because Barack Obama bailed out the banks and kicked 5.1 million families outta their homes and then went on to give us a right wing fucking healthcare plan. It was a giveaway to big pharma and insurance company. And he didn't really help. That's what let made, laid the groundwork for people to, to go for someone like Trump. Yeah. That always does. Yeah. So that, that's what I, so when, so when people hate the people who hate Trump the most are people who have split off that part of themselves that is Trump and put it in their unconscious. And then they're experiencing themselves as they project it onto him. We, we, you know those people, I know a lot of those people, You know, like, like, like Rob, Rob Reer, you know, like Bill Maher.


Like there's, there's lots of those people everywhere. Yeah. And they, you know, and then they just tell these fantasies about him. He's never gonna leave. Oh, Robert De Niro. Yeah. Now Kurt Kurt's convinced that Robert de Niro's on some kind of epstein list or some kind of thing like that. And then he's afraid that when, if Trump does get power, he is gotta expose him and he is actually gonna come at him. That's, Of course Kurt thinks that that's what Kurt thinks. That Kurt thinks that about every fucking thing that happens In the world. I think that, I think Robinson Niro's just a got, got trumped arrangement syndrome. I Think he's old too. There's a thing about old men and he's, they want to yell at everybody, you Know? And he's completely did, did you see when he went and gave that speech outside of the trial? That was bizarre. Told him that was a good Idea.


And then he starts yelling at regular people. Well, it's crazy's. Fuck you. You're a gangster. Fuck the fuck. You's a, like, It's crazy that that's the guy who a taxi driver. Yeah. You have, you know what? Also, I think, I think those guys have no friends. I think the only friends they have are Hollywood phonies. And so you're in this weird world where everybody you talk to is a phony and you become a phony and everyone's a phony. And your grasp on reality is very slippery and your eyes are going right. So your vision of the world, your actual vision of the world, your ability to read a phone, you ever see old people's text messages, the fucking text on their phone is like as big as my hand. Yeah. It's crazy. And so your vision of the world is blurring literally and figuratively. And then you're getting old.


And when old people are tired and cranky, they just want everyone to listen to them. And they don't have time to have a calm conversation. And you state out your opinion. I'll state my opinion. Let's see where we have common ground. Hey, get off my lawn. And that's what he's doing. That's what he's doing. He's, he's being this old grumpy man that is so lost that he thinks it's a good idea to stand in front of a bunch of people on the street and give a speech on camera about how bad Donald Trump is with all the shit that's going in the world That I know All the craziness of the world. Right? Right. Now, the guy you're voting for a lot of people consider is funding a genocide. Right. So you don't think that's horrible. Look what's, again, if he knew what was happening in Ukraine, people, more people are being slaughtered in Ukraine.


For what? And we just signed for what, another 10 years of that. Yeah. Signed on for another 10 years worth what? $800 billion. So This is all money funneling operation. That's what, that's what Afghanistan was. And as Julian Assan proved or taught us that these wars aren't meant to be won, they're meant to be ongoing because they had a peace agreement. you know that Yeah. They had a peace agreement almost immediately after the invasion that Russia invaded. They had a peace agreement and they, Ukraine agreed to it. Zelinsky agreed to it. And they flew Boris Johnson out there and said, don't fuck, you can't do this or we're gonna kill you. And so he did. That's why he can't do it. Wow. And, and so that's why this war is ongoing. And they have to rip people off corners and put 'em in vans to go fight in this fucking war.


The average age of the Ukraine military is over 40 years Old. Have you seen the videos of guys getting kidnapped? Yes. I can't, I can't even watch it. Guys With their families. They just grab A guy. I just grab him, Grab him, and people are screaming. They're throwing him in a van. You're gonna go fight in a war. I I Think you lost the war when we already, so they did. So, and then of course, nobody knows how this war started. You've had Dave Smith on. He explained it. Yeah. you know, nobody, nobody still to the state knows about the midon coup that the United States got in bed with the right wing Nazis and Ukraine to overthrow a democratically elected government. And then they started bombing the people in the east of Ukraine called the Don Bass. And they wouldn't stop. They had two peace agreements called the Minsk Court. Guess who violated that? That the Ukraine. It wasn't the, and so, you know, I've heard people say that, and of course it was the expansion of nato, right?


The threat of putting NATO on the border of Russia, which pe everybody from Kissinger to Chomsky and everybody in between said, that's a mistake. Don't do that. And that's of course what they're doing. And so there's no, what's the point of NATO anymore? And then this whole idea, they're doing the domino theory again. Oh, well if he, if we allow him to do this to Ukraine, he's gonna go to Poland next. And he go, it's, it's the same fucking shit they said all the time. It's the domino theory. And again, the world's terrorists are the United States. Look what we did to Iraq. Look what we did to Libya. Libya the most successful country in all of Africa. The guy created the eighth wonder of the world with their, the way how he delivered water and turned, turned deserts into farmland. And everybody had a house and everybody had education and healthcare. And we turned it into a failed state run by, by terrorists with open slave markets.


Who did that? Barack Obama. And Hillary Clinton did that. And they'll never have to pay a price for that Barack Obama. The most they'll do is go, Nope, that was a mistake. But why did they get rid of Gaddafi? Because He was going to start a, a currency of Africa just for that was gonna compete with the US dollar and the Euro. And they can't have that. 'cause the way the United States controls the world is because the United States dollar is the reserve currency of the world. So that's why they can put sanctions on all these countries. And so what they're doing, which they shouldn't do, they're weaponizing the US dollar. And so So like when countries wanna trade with each other, they have to go take their currency, change it into US dollar so they can trade. And it was all, a lot of it was based on the petro dollar, which by the way, Saudi Arabia had just quit.


They didn't renew it. don don't know if you heard about that. Yeah, I did hear about that. So, and all of a sudden the CBS news is starting to do news stories about how Saudi Arabia was involved in nine 11. All of a sudden, 24 years later, all of a sudden, oh, you know what turns on? And they're like, you mean two weeks after they decided to not renew the fucking metro dollar? Now CBS news is allowed to talk about that and investigate it, which when I talked about it got demonetized. But anyway, so they, so that's why, because Kadafi was doing that. He was gonna set up a currency for all of Africa and it was gonna be based on have a gold standard. And so they're like, no, you're not, you're not fucking doing that.


And they made up a bullshit thing like, we gotta save the people. Whatever They do you know guys, they don't give a fuck about the people in America. They got veterans and everybody else living under every goddamn bridge in this country. You think if they gave a shit about those people, don't you think they'd start helping the people right outside the front door? Right. Instead of, no, we gotta gotta go help people in Libya and we gotta help people. It's about helping people in Ukraine and it's about helping people in Taiwan. And it's about, no, this is all about an upward transfer of money. This is about balkanizing countries and turning and turning it over to BlackRock and Vanguard. That's what this is about. Yeah. And we'll be right back. That, That's a good rant. That's a solid rant. Biden is sending 61 billion to Ukraine.


Much of it will pass through the US economy. First. You mean in weapons manufacturing and things like that? By the way, there's no oversight. Isn't It better to just say the US economy? Why do you have to like, look at the bad side of things, But, but this, this is how they sell. This is how they sell it to us. Like, no, no, we're absolutely investing in our own country. Va, if you wanna invest in our own country, why wouldn't you build hot fucking bullet trains? Why wouldn't you do that? Why wouldn't you build affordable housing for people? Because people can't afford, now you know, this, the, the new generation can't afford fucking houses. Why wouldn't you do things for people? Why don't you, why wouldn't you give people healthcare that that doesn't bankrupt them? Or an education that doesn't bankrupt them? We that we're ending, Excuse me, I don't think you've read that. Our military aid to Ukraine is revitalizing manufacturing communities across the United States.


The Most inefficient way to stimulate economy is military spending. Now, I've known that for a long time. It's the, the lowest return on your dollar. It is A crazy spin because Yes, that is, that's a great, that's how then, that's how they're doing it now. That's how they're doing it. Well you saw Lindsey Graham, don don't know if you saw this. He said that there's a, you know, $15 trillion in natural, in rare earth minerals in Ukraine. And and if we don't get it, you know, China's gonna get it and Russia's gonna get it. We can't. So now, three years into this war, you're telling me it's about why can't we just do regular e eco economic shit and try to outcompete people? 'cause that's all this is, these are economic wars that they turn into.


Well, Fred Hampton said that politics is war without violence. War is politics with violence. Mm. Yeah. And so that's what these wars are, they're, none of them are real. They're not what you think they're for. That's all made up. And we keep follow. I can't believe people still fall for the Ukraine war. I couldn't. Well, They went into that so quick. They got rid of the, Well Russiagate set it up. Yeah. And I, when I was at the Young Turks, I would tell those people, those knuckleheads at the Young Turks when they were Russia gating, I go, you know, they're gonna use this for a war. And that's exactly what they had. Oh, they knew they were doing that. They knew that they were do, they were getting people mentally ready for a war with Russia. And by this, right now it's a proxy war with Russia.


That's what this is. And, and, and of course they did it. And of course, if you say something, they call you a Putin puppet. Just like you were in a, an Asad toti. If, if you, if you said something, the truth about Syria, like Tulsi Gabbard was saying, right? Or if you said the truth, remember I mean if you said there weren't weapons of mass destruction, you were called a traitor. And Right. The whole thing. It's the fucking never end. Never. It's the same playbook and people fall for it every time. And it's because we are the most propagandized country in the world. You think China is, you know, when people in China watch the news, they know it's propaganda. In the old Soviet Union, people knew that was propaganda. The difference between that and now is people in America, they think they're watching the news when they turned on Fox C-N-N-M-S-N-B-C.


And isn't it weird? It doesn't, it never clicks to anybody that when Rachel Maddow and Sean Hannity are telling you the same thing about Ukraine, does that something will go open. My spidey sense is like, oh, this is their, this is fucking bullshit. Yes it is. Mm Yes. When they're telling you the same thing about covid or vaccines or lockdown with, it doesn't your spidey senses go up that this has gotta be bullshit. So they all agree. Again, just like the Republicans and Democrats, they all agree on the worst of things, right? They all agree on war, they all agree on screwing workers. They all agree on keeping us having the most expensive healthcare in the world. They all agree on not doing anything to fix homelessness and not vaccinating investing in our own infrastructure. But they, it it's that. So they agree on all the worst things.


It's like, it's like having a, a two, two divorced parents, but they both agree on sending you to military school. Yeah. It's a conundrum for sure. But don't you think that more people are aware that it's bullshit than ever before? I Ho I hope so. I, I, I, I think a lot, I think Covid woke up a lot of people. I think it did too. And I think shows like yours and these shows that are online now that aren't beholden to a corporation, that are independent shows, that can actually connect the dots with knowledgeable people that actually understand the history behind everything. It's just a different world now. you Know, even with YouTube, Joe, it's amazing how many people towed the company line.


They towed the company around on Ukraine war. They towed the establishment line around covid and vaccines and shamed anybody for it was just amazing. I'm like, what the fuck is going? So there's like, there's only maybe a hand, a couple of places that you can get reliable news. Even in independent news, right? Yeah. The Gray Zone had to debunk, they debunk everything. And the Gray Zone. Yeah. You ever, it's Max Blumenthal and Aaron mate. Okay. Yeah. And they, he, they'd helped debunk Russiagate, they helped debunk the Syria gas attacks. Aaron Mata did extensive work on that. I was first, but I don, you know, I gotta, I'm a dumb guy.


I have to take credit where I can, you know? And but I again, How did you debunk That? I knew because Robert Fiske had done reporting on the ground. He was a most, one of the most decorated war reporters in Europe. And they, it, it was, if I didn't make any sense on, on his, on its face, that Assad who was winning the war at the time would do the one thing Barack Obama said, if he crossed that red line and use chemical weapons, he would then go do it. And he only, they only killed like 50 people at a time with a chemical weapon. So why the fuck would he do that? Of course, that was a false flag done by, and then the OPCW whistleblower, so the OPCW, which is the organization for the prevention of chemical weapons, right? And so they used to, we used to be considered, you know, non-partisan and non captured.


And they would go in and they would, if there was a chemical weapon used, they would go in and they would give, do a report. Well, they of course they got captured right by NATO and the billionaire class. And so they go in They, do their report, and they're like, oh yeah, it was Assad. He did it. But then the whistleblowers came out and said, had said no, that's not what happened. They suppressed the engineers report, they suppressed this report. These, these canisters were laid there. This didn't, this wasn't dropped from a helicopter. So all so it was, it was all bullshit, right? So of course Assad didn't do that. Right. And, and so I, I was onto that first. And then Aaron Mata came by back and he did meticulous reporting on it. Complete. He's written at least 10 articles on it, which nobody will ever debunk.


Nobody because they can't. Right. And he, so anyway, so, and Russiagate, I knew immediately Russiagate was bullshit because I brought on Bill Benny, who was the number NSA's number one code breaker for decades and decades. And he came on and he explained to me that there's, they didn't hack into that DNC server that was downloaded locally. Right. And now we know that how much shit, they wrote a smear piece about me and they in, in the Washington Post. Because I was asking logical questions about what happened with Seth Rich. Yeah. Hey, like, hey, where was he from the time he left the bar to the time he got home. like a, You're not allowed to ask ethical questions about a guy that WikiLeak said leaked them information.


That's right. That D nnc was conspiring to keep Bernie Sanders outta the primary. I you're not allowed to. I Remember I was. So they, they wrote a SMI that Jeff Bezos hired a guy at the Washington Post to, to smear me over that. Right. And they did And I don Dunno if Jeff personally was involved. And Well, do you, Don't you think Jeff's busy I mean it was his paper, but I mean, how much time do you think he's spending at his paper? I don Realistic. Why do you, but why do you think he bought that paper? Do you think he bought that paper? 'cause he wants to inform people super about what the billionaire class is up to. Joe. It's Super profitable. It's not, it's not. It makes billions of dollars a year. No. In Fact, it's no, it does really well. It, It Only tells the truth.


In fact, the, the, the, the head of the Washington Post went into the editorial, went into the newsroom, This is like a month ago. And Don don't know how I, it got leaked out that he said, Hey, nobody's reading your shit anymore. People are done with the c Corporate news. Hopefully. Yeah. Right. They're, and they're fi well, that's why you saw that. Oh, I can't think of her name. That idiot for the Washington Post who covers social media. She's the Taylor Lorenz. Yeah. The 40-year-old teenager. Yeah. Yeah. And she did a TikTok about how, I don't know, pe people do, do you don't know what the, the people don't understand what the country's gonna look like without there, these corporate journalists, because they just fired like 10,000 of And I go, I know what the country's gonna look like. Yeah. I'm gonna wake up every morning and an animated bluebird is gonna land on my shoulder and we're all gonna break out into song.


Okay. Yeah. 'cause corporate news is fucking nothing but bullshit propaganda. We've known this forever. Right. And if you can, but people Keep falling for it. I, I, I think people don't think that independent news can replace it. but I 100% think it can And I think there, it has a more of a likelihood of doing that. Because if you can get independent journalists that now they can develop substack and podcasts and they can go and do things on their own and they get funded, they, they don't need anyone else but you anymore. So then they can tell the truth. Right. So they're not beholden to some enormous corporation. If a podcast had a building like CNN's building in Atlanta, I'd start getting nervous. I'd be like, Hey, how much overhead is this?


Yeah. How are you guys paying the bills? Right? You got so many people working here and your show sucks. You have nobody watching. And there's so many people, this is a fucking disaster. Like, what are you guys doing? They just closed their Atlanta building. Did they? Yeah. Yeah, of course they did. How do they have another building open? How do they have any buildings open? I don't know how that, imagine a show that gets a podcast that gets that few views, but as who knows how many hundreds of employees, giant buildings, they on an airports. So you get zero views. Nobody gives a fuck. I mean, it's a crazy business model. And you look and, and Don Lemon started his own YouTube channel and it's wonderful. Nobody's watching. It's wonderful. It's, it's, so I got invited on That show. It's good as Joe Scarborough talking. So I got invited on that show, And I turned it down a few times.


And, and my assistant is like, Hey look, they really want you to do the show. Yeah. And so I was talking to my friend Jackson Hinkle, And I said, yeah, Don Lemon keeps inviting me on the show. He goes, you gotta go. And I'm like, it would just be me trying to insult him. you know, it would just be me saying how shitty he is and how yeah, he's the pro, you know? 'cause I had just gotten done doing a rant about Chris Cuomo talking about Ivermectin, but still, still lying about it. And, and he goes, yeah, that would be fun to watch you do that And I go, okay, I'll do it. So I told my assistant, I go tell him I'll do the show. So we set it up, I'm And I go just me. I go, I'm not going on with anyone else. I'm not having a debate with another asshole and Don Lemon. I go, I'll just go on with Don Lemon. And they agreed to it. And so the morning we were supposed to do the show and our show, just me, they canceled.


Really? Yes. Interesting. Yeah. And so wonder why And I? I maybe 'cause some, 'cause Don Lemon's like, oh, who am I interviewing today? And then he Googled me. He is like, no, we're not. No, We're not. And that was right when I did a video, you know, calling out Chris Cuomo for being a, a lying piece of shit that went, went kind of viral. And so, all Right, so Chris Cuomo probably called up, they probably talked, they probably homies. He Probably saw that video. Yeah. He probably saw that. He probably, he probably went to, you know, putting Jimmy Dore on Twitter. And that comes up. Well, He should be, if, if he wants to become successful being an independent person, he's gonna have to engage in conversations with people he disagrees with. He Still, he still calls the truth about covid conspiracy theories.


Yeah. He's a fool. He's a fool. He's, he's a genuine fool. He still, he was one of, he's one of those guys. Ivermectin horse paste. He's the, the, the, the lab theory is racist against Chinese people that, so, Well, not only he had a whole episode with Sanjay Gupta after Sanjay Gupta came on here, here, admitted that They were lying about Ivermectin. And then they tried to pretend that they weren't. But it Is horse medicine. It was used for human beings for 12 fucking years Before they ever used it for Veterans, before they ever used it for veteran medicine. Don Lemon, you fucking moron. It's just, so the, the, the, the, the idea that these talking heads who they had on CNN should be some sort of a moral compass and, and an ethical compass for the rest of us is so fucking stupid and so insulting.


Especially when you see these people on their own. So when you see these people on your own, their own, like when you see Dave Smith debating Chris Cuomo and just fucking K nuking him, and then you see Don Lemon doing his show, and you go, okay, this is who you guys are for real, for real. Yeah. This is the real, for real. When you see fucking Brian Stelter doing that WEF thing. Yes. Hiking up his skirt for those lizard people. The whole thing is like, this is who you really were. This is, this is you guys and you surviving on your own in this independent platform. Good luck because this platform is transparent. They're gonna see you for who you are. No producers, no fucking scripts that you're gonna read off of. That shit won't even work in this realm. It doesn't work.


So, so that's my, so I have this dream to produce a show that would compete with Bill Mar. 'cause I do, don don't know if you've ever seen, I do live shows, right. With a panel and, and a live audience. Right. So it's kinda like Bill Maher. But it's funny and it's accurate, you know, so it's the, and so that's why I'm like, and so I've been pitching it to Rumble you know what Rumble is, right? Sure. And so, thank God for Rumble, because I don't have to ever worry about Right. Being censored. Right. The rumble's Great. They've been out in front on the free, like, we're not gonna censor you whatever the fuck you want. That's, that's up to you. No, I think they're great. It's up to you and your audience. Yeah. And. I'm like, oh my God. And so I travel around the country and nobody's fucking heard of Rumble. I. mean I mean, except More people have now than ever before. People are starting.


And so I tried to talk to 'em in, they're like, Hey, why don't you finance the show in a sound stage for me? And we could compete with Bill Maher and instead of real time, we'll call it Rumble Time and put a, we'll put a billboard up in Times Square and right across the street from where Bill does his fucking show. And we'll, and this is, you know, it's be like a, it's a good idea. And for, and they were on board and, but I, I guess it was too much money. I don't know. don don't know how much money they have. It wasn't that much. It's like ni I got it down to like 90,000 an episode for like a real thing that would look exactly as good as Bill Maher, which, you know, that costs a couple million dollars in an episode. And Would you do it in front of an audience? Yes. Yeah, of course. I I've got the shows Studio. Like your shows, like your standup shows. Yeah. So I, so I, so I do those, I, I travel with the, that show I take, do a video show hooked up to my computer.


And it's kind of, it's kind of a mixture of The Daily Show and Bill Marsh show. I have a panel And I do. Right. And we have the comedy and it's, it's, I've Seen, it's very funny. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You, you, yeah. That one thing about the Rachel Maddow lying 35 times. Yeah, I Love That man. Yeah. Yeah. So I do that And I tour her, I'm gonna, the next time I'm doing it is going in, in Chicago in, in August right before the convention, I got press credentials. Oh my God. I can't, I shouldn't say anything, but I got, Yeah, we probably shouldn't have told Anybody. I shouldn't have said anything. but I got them. It's so to be, well, You're a real journalist. You should get press credentials. I was there in 2016. Of course, they didn't have any conventions in 2020 because of Covid. Right. So, but 2016 I went to the Republican and the Democrat, and that's where I met Alex Jones's.


Hilarious. That video's hilarious. It's hilarious in retrospect. It was, I guess at the time too. But yeah, it's nice that we've ma made up and Yeah, the Alex Jones thing is strange. It's Amazing how, how right he is about shit. How he, he's right about, he's way more accurate. He's way more accurate than corporate news, that's for sure. But he Got that one thing wrong. The one thing wrong, One thing, well, he's got other things wrong, but that one thing was a big one. They Set him up. That one thing changed. Maybe they did I mean, it could have been that they did I mean that, I do think that that is something that does happen. One of the things when something happens is people And I don't know if it's human beings or if it's groups or if it's foreign groups.


They will concoct a fake narrative and try to get people to share it. Like they'll try to fool people into sharing a fake version of some real thing that happened. And I think They do that to undermine people that are conspiracy theorists that are occasionally correct. So if you can get a conspiracy theorist who's occasionally correct and get them a bunch of bad information, foolish information, and convince them on a website, polls get a bunch of people involved that also believe it. you know, I think that's where Flat Earth got started. And you get all these people like sharing things and believing things. And then if this person, if you, they take the bait and they'll go, this is what we're hearing. We're hearing this is a false flag. And then next thing you know, like, we got 'em.


We got 'em. And if you're a guy like Alex Jones, who at the time was legitimately experiencing what you would call like a, a psychotic break, you know, he was breaking, you know, the guy was drinking like crazy. And you know, when you're uncovering real conspiracies, All day long every day, which is what he does, Nothing seems crazy. Everything seems plausible off the wall. The whole fucking world seems topsy-turvy. Nothing makes sense. He fucked up. But he's right. So often, if you look at what CNN is fucked up on, how come they're not in trouble for the weapons of mass destruction? Shit. Shit. Which, which, which, how come that in trouble for Russiagate? How other, how come they're not in trouble for which, so I mean, Which fuck up do you think is bigger, the one that Hillary and, and Barack Obama did?


In Olivia? Yeah. Or, or Alex Jones. Yeah. Which one do you think is bigger and worse? Yeah, one of 'em seems bigger. Yeah. But it's also, it's like the news. The news. What, when they were lying about certain things, how much damage did They do? Well, I've always said this, that imagine if the news people were skeptical about the vaccine. The news people were skeptical about not being able to use off-label medications at a doctor's discretion. Especially ones that have been actually shown to stop viral replication in vitro. And there's a history of success in using these things in other countries, like Erda Pradesh in, in India. There's a bunch of different things that were going on simultaneously.


And yet they're still being stopped. Wouldn't the real news, the real news? Imagine if the real news is like, hold on. It seems like there's special interest involved here and there's a financial incentive to push this one thing, which is what they have to do in order to get the Emergency Use Authorization Act. There can't be any valid pharmaceutical drugs that are available currently that we could prescribe. That's the only way you can get some new thing to pass through. Imagine if that was the news and podcasters were like, it's safe and effective. If you get it, you won't get sick. If you get it, you won't share it to anybody else. The virus stops with you. And then there are no, there's none. All these, this talk about side effects.


It's not true. It's not true. I've never seen a single person that had a bad reaction to this new experimental gene therapy. Imagine if it was the podcasters, we would all be in the news. Yeah. We would all be getting sued. We would all, they would. Yes. Yes. They would use it to shut us down. That would be the misinformation that they would feed us to get us to say stupid shit so that we would endanger people's lives and ruin people's hell. And they would shut us down A hundred percent. I And I. I just, how are they not suspect of an industry that has immunity from lawsuits? If their product harms people, like they're the, in the history of the humanity, that's the only one. Yeah. And you know, well, why, why, why did they pass the law that go well?


Because they're safe. Well, that doesn't make any sense. That's not true. That doesn't, if they were safe, you wouldn't need to fucking pass that law that gave them immunity from lawsuits. Well, the Literally, when they were trying to figure out why they needed this, and they were saying, why don't you make vaccines safe? The, the literal explanation was it is impossible to make them entirely safe. So, so what you're saying is they're not entirely safe. Well, you're gonna injure some people almost All medications. Of course, if you give 'em to enough people, you're gonna have side effects. And then when you have a new one, and then when you understand how they're allowed to do studies and how they're allowed to throw out all the studies that show it does harm or it doesn't work, or it's not effective, and then you fucking finagle the numbers in a way that you can push it, I think we're gonna see a real improvement here.


They're like, okay, run with it. Go. And then the money starts rolling in. But of course, yeah. And that's how they captured the news. 'cause Bill Clinton let them, in 1997, I think they passed a law that let big Pharma. Now most of the funding for news comes from big brought To you by Pfizer. By Pfizer. Right. And so of course they get to, so they're, they're not, so what I say is that when you see Boeing advertising on Meet the Press or Pfizer advertising on CNN, they're not funding the news organization's investigation. They're funding their non investigation. Right. Right. They're like, but this is money so you don't fucking investigate us. That's exactly, exactly. Exactly. And the people who do, like my friend Anita Krishna in, in Canada, a she worked for a, I forget the name of the global news or some big news network in, in Canada.


A And so she started to ask just regular questions that she, and she, she got fired and she, she, she videotaped her session where they fire her. you know, like they, Hey, why are you, she's like, isn't that what we're supposed to be doing? We're a news organization. Aren't we supposed to be asking the questions why? There's all these miscarriages that are happening at the ho Aren't we supposed to be asking about the explosion of ca? Aren't we supposed to be asking these questions? Isn't that what we do as a news organization? And she got fired for that. Of course. Crazy. Yeah. And so here's a, here's the latest thing. But, but don't you think that this craziness is good for us? Oh, oh, oh. Yeah. Well, I wouldn't have a show if the new, if CNN and M sn BC not just, not just us, but us as a population because it's so stupid that we get through it and then more people wake up.


I hope so. I, because I, I Keep, I think it's the only way we are gonna really know who's pulling the strings. I keep bumping in the, you know, I go to comedy clubs and you Live in LA That's the problem. You gotta get out. God, Texas is a different world. Is it really? A hundred percent. Wait till you come to tonight. The comedy Community Here. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. You just wait sir. Really? Yeah. You're in for a time of your life tonight. Yeah, it's wild out here. Alright. That's, that's it's wild. I got i's a different world. I did a set, like I said, I did a set at the in Hollywood just last week. And the comedian after me called me an anti-vaxxer. I was like, you fucking kidding me? It's so dumb. It's so dumb. You're kidding. What does that even mean? It's such a dumb, what is that? I took the fucking vax asshole.


Yeah. It's so dumb. Anyway, But there's this new thing, Joe. So I found out, so when I quit smoking pot, I couldn't sleep. And I thought I was gonna die. It, it was Jesus. But for some reason I didn't go back. 'cause if you don't get sleep, it's the worst thing in the world. I would sleep for two. You couldn't, for two hours I would fall asleep and wake up. Whoa. And I was like, and so I was told about this thing called H-G-B-H-C-G. No, HGBI guess it, it was, it, it brought, came to America in the nineties. I just did a video about it. And it's the ultimate sleep medicine. So the problem with the sleep medicines now is that they don't, they don't give you restorative sleep.


They just kind of knock you out like an anesthetic. Right. Right. So when you wake up, you're still fucking groggy and tired. And you don't have that, you don't have all the shit that sleep does for you. Right. Right. That's the problem. But they, this wasn't patented and it was easily made, you can compound it easily in compounding pharmacies and, and way body builder used to use it. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And then they said it was a date rape drug. Drug. Yeah. gb. GHBG, Hb, that's it. Yeah. They use it as treatment for Narcos. Yeah. So that's the only thing that's approved for now. You have to, only certain doctors can prescribe it. So they, what they did, this is what they did. So not only did it help you with sleep, restorative sleep, but it helped you with human growth hormone as you got older. It helped you with bone. It's like a, it's almost like a miracle drug.


Kind of like ivermectin. Right. And it's the same thing. In fact, I just read this, it's Very potent. Right. So you could take too much of it. You get bonked out. Right. Well, I guess, hey, if you, if you, if you drink a keg of whiskey, it'll do the same thing. I would say take the right dose. Yeah. I, People said that to me. They go, you know, if you take an overdose of it, it's bad. Well then I would not take an overdose. I think people drugged women with this before. Yeah. So this is, so as a date rape Drug, this is, this is the propaganda, Joe. So I just read this article. There's this guy called a Midwestern doctor. He is got this substack, he's fucking awesome. Pierre Corey tweets him out all the time. And And I, don Dunno if it's a guy or a girl actually, it's just a, called a Midwestern doctor. And he did deep dive into G hb. Yeah. That stuff. And that's how I know all about it.


Right. And they did the same thing. In fact, in one of the subtitles of his article, it says the, the I, they did the same thing that Ivermectin what they did, the ivermectin they did to this. And so they, they all got together and said, Hey, this is a rape drug. Even though Rohypnol was the rape drug, it wasn't G Ruthie. Yeah. So roofie and guess, guess guess which one got banned? This one. 'cause it actually works. So you can't get GHB, You could still get the roofies because the people that made it lobbied the government to not get it made illegal. Isn't that fucking ironic? Yes. What is Rufinol for? What's, it's, Who knows What's legitimate use, but That, I don't know. But that's what I read it in that Midwestern doctor's article. And he explains it all.


It's, it is mind blowing. And so I was trying to get some of this right. You can only get it underground. Right. So these, there's certain doctors that make it in certain parts of the country, and they give it to soldiers who have PTSD and They do it. But if they get caught, they're in trouble. 'cause they made it a schedule one drug. Wow. Yeah. Cocaine schedule two. Right. Right. So it's even worse. So, and I've asked my doctor for it. Like, I can't, can't do that. Wow. I can't even tell you where to get it. 'cause I'll get, I'll get in trouble. And so I found a guy who said he could get it for me, but I hadn't put a, I had to set up a proton mail. And I had to get Bitcoin. And I had to do this. Jesus. And by the time all that kind of came together, I, my sleep had come back. So now, so now I'm, I don't, but they gay guys would use it.


It it Says it's illegal Rupin all it is. No. Oh, is this ol is illegal. Oh, is it? It's sold sold in some countries as a, I'm saying it wrong. It's Rohypnol. Rohypnol. Yeah. It sold in some countries as a sleeping pill. But it's illegal in the United States. 'cause it can cause extreme drowsiness or blackouts often used in date rapes. Oh, Okay. Yeah. So it's illegal. It's sold under the brand name. Rohypnol. Benzodiazepine. Oh, it's a benzo. Okay. And so this GHB bodybuilders use it because it helps 'em recover. Yeah. Is that The idea? And helped and, and getting created creates growth hormone. Mm. Makes Sense. It does un it's great for people who are aging. And so now, now you can't get it damnit.


And because it, they couldn't, these Motherfuckers, These the same thing with I, someone Needs to give that to Biden and be able to help Em. Don. Don't you love that? Don't you love the bullshit they would say about, like, Chris Cuomo said this when he was talking to Dave Smith. He goes, well, the people who make Ivermectin, they say it doesn't treat Covid. you know why? Because it's off patent. You fucking asshole. Yeah. And they can't make money off it. So now anybody could make it. And it's pennies. Yeah. That's why you don't know that newsman. Yeah. Yeah. How the fuck did Dave Smith? There's no, I guess Dave Smith didn't know, but I mean sitting next to that guy. How did he keep his cool? I wanted just, Dave Smith was such a, like, he's so levelheaded while that was going on. I was like, how the fuck did Dave Smith not lose his fucking mind talking to that guy?


It was glad that it is good that there was a live audience there. Yeah. And the live audience is like, bullshit. Oh yes. Bullshit dude. And when you see him say, I, I didn't do it. I didn't say that. And then there's a video clip, clip saying, and the grid of him Saying, of saying it, How does he not know that? And then he goes, well this was, he says that this was the information that we were being given. Yeah. And you're supposed to go out there and debunk the information you're being given by the government and big pharma. you know, it's just supposed to fucking repeat it. If you just did one Google search of is I fuck. Said he wouldn't do that. That's all you had to do. Google Take five minutes, takes 30 seconds. You Are like, oh, I won a Nobel Prize for the, for Human medicine. Oh my God. Oh my God. It's one of the safest drug profiles ever observed.


Oh. Ever, Ever. Safer than Tylenol. How crazy was it when, when Rolling Stone had that article about people, Oh, rolling Stone's the worst Waiting in line at the emergency room for gunshot wounds. Because so many people were overdosing on horse medication and They're all wearing coats in August in Kentucky. How are those people not in trouble? How are they not in trouble for that? Because how many people well just like, could have gotten Ivermectin and gotten over Covid and didn't get it? Well, it's just, And I'm not even saying that it works. Let's just saying some people think it works. Some people that are fucking doctors like Pierre Corey, It's certainly, it's certainly Worse. 87 different I mean there's like a bunch of different randomized controlled trials that shows efficacy. And that's another thing I learned is that they, the people who do the test, so the medical journals are also corrupted by big pharma.


Yeah. And so what they'll do is with, oh, we're gonna do a, we're gonna do a study on Ivermectin. Turns out it doesn't work. Well you look They do the study. They set it up to fail, right? Yes. They give it to a person a week after they already got sick. You're supposed to give it to 'em right away. They give it to 'em in way smaller doses than they're supposed to. And then they did one where they gave 'em to way higher doses than they were toxic. That was Hydroxychloroquine. Right. And so they would do with all. So that's what, it's a fucking scam. So the medical field is just as bought by the same people as your corporate news is. So we're all walking around in a big propaganda fucking machine and nobody knows it. They think they know and they get so righteous and they come, you know, it's it, The crazy thing is doctors buying into it. And when you realize that you can't trust them for medical advice, you're like, wait, what?


When you have a doctor telling you that you should get vaccinated after you just got over being sick and you were only sick for a couple days and you have two, two people that you know that had strokes who gets from the vaccine. And you're like, wait, what? Who gets vaccinated for a virus they already had and got over nobody? That's in the history of ever. Right? Yeah. Nobody, my parents, but nobody else. I, I knew, I knew people. I know comedians. And that to me, oh, I Know a bunch of comedians. That Was the heart, the heartbreak. I was always so proud to be part of the comedy community or the brotherhood, whatever. you know, we, we, we, it's a certain kind of thing, right? We talk in dark terms to each other. We say the most inappropriate shit to each other. We, but it just all flipped. I mean some of my favorite comedians, some of my best friends, they just fucking went mental.


And then they attacked me. Yeah. But I, they're just, but I like what? They're not really your friends anyway. They're a bunch of narcissists that all live in this stupid bubble where they're trying to get validation from people by virtue signaling. That's all those people were a bunch of cowards and weirdos. And they all turned on everybody. And they generally turned on people that are more successful than them. That's what they real, that's what it's really all about. The heart of it. It's signaling to your tribe that you are compliant. You're a part of the, the group think and then attacking the people that are above you, that are doing more successfully, that are more successful with their career than you. That's all it was. Well, and all the people that did it are all terrible comedians. They're all mediocre sad narcissists that wish they got more attention than they got.


They think they got, they didn't get what they deserve. They think they should be getting more. They're angry at people that are getting attention. They don't understand success of other people. And they get, he's an anti-Vaxxer. He's an anti-vaxxer. Oh, that's what's going on. That's why he's got millions of views is that's what it is really. That what it is. It is an amazing that, that every day there's a new study, there's a new study from South Korea that just came out that said the VAX is, there's a link between the vs. The Covid VAX and Alzheimer's. Right. So, and still to, and nobody will talk about it. We're the comedians coming out with the, like the same people who always were debunking the covid narrative are still the, there's no one that's jumping on board. It's just, I'm telling you brother.


It's just la Is it? Yeah. You come to Texas, that green room's lit. We talk about everything. Okay. Yeah. No, there's no political correctness died here. It's dead. Really? It's dead. Doesn't exist. I thought It would exist. Be red hot in Austin. No, Austin. Like my friend Brian Simpson has a brilliant joke about it. And I'm not gonna quote it, but it's ess what is essentially saying that this, it appears that this is a liberal city because you're surrounded by red Texas, but the liberal here is regular or liberal. It's like what we are. Yeah. What you And I are like regular reasonable people who are kind, not like crazy Narrative enforcing, Be trans, you know, all that shit.


That's not here. It's like, this is a different version because it's so tempered. Like, one of the things I always say about Austin is keep Austin weird and surrounded. So when people say weird, weird is okay, but keep it weird and surrounded. You're surrounded by ranchers with guns. you know those fucking hardworking people that aren't buying any bullshit. 'cause they get up at five 30 in the morning to take care of their cows. Like they're not fucking around here, man. These are like, there is a different kind of people and they're nice and they're informed. And that's the thing about this town that's different. It's like, it's, it's, they're much more informed. You're gonna get your liberal loonies here. You get your people walking on the street with masks on.


You get, you get a lot of crazy shit here. You get your free Palestine marches and you know, you get a lot of nutty people. But it's a more tempered environment. Like people are more reasonable. And how About the how, so there are comedians in Los Angeles who wear a mask into the green room and then they take it off when they go on stage. Right. They're all terrible. They're all terrible. do, do You, do you think the cor coronavirus is respectful of stage time? It Is. No, it is. It's the lights, those lights that kill the virus. So here's the one good thing, you know, I'm talking about my dreams is, so I'll ha I've had this happen more than once. I'll have a dream where one of my biggest haters, someone who attacks me on public and social media and stuff like that.


I'll meet them in my dream. And I don't have any animosity. But what I can see in them is where their hatred for me comes from. And it comes from their pain and their insecurity. And a lot of time it's jealousy like you were saying. Yeah. And I can see it. And so don don't have any animosity towards them. In my dream And I have compassion for them. Having compassion for someone who hates you. I have that. Yeah. And then when I wake up, it doesn't go away. It stays with me. And it's like this gift from my unconscious, my transpersonal self. God, it's a gift. Yeah. And I. And so it's like, that Is a gift too. It really is. That where I can, I literally have compassion for the people who hate me the most.


What a fucking gift. It's Beautiful. 'cause it'll eat you up. It, it, it, it, it still, I'm not a hundred. you know me, I'm not a hundred percent. It still bothers me sometimes. Yeah. But I've had, I've had a dream about that guy. Yeah. That guy just, I, I had a dream about him. Yeah. That Guy and his i'd, I'd give him a hug if I saw him despite, he said awful things about me. He's just a sad man. Just a sad, pathetic man. And that's okay. That's your burden in this life. You, you're gonna go to the grave as that guy and everyone's gonna know. And you, you're this irritant that's in the air. You're a fart. That's in a, a locker room. You're, you're a problem. What? This is your choice. You've decided to be this very unpleasant, very anxiety ridden, very mediocre artist who's out there yelling and screaming into the abyss on Twitter.


Well, that's your burden. This is what you're gonna have to go through your life with And. I don't envy you. And I. I don't ma I'm not even mad at that guy. No. I feel sad. Yeah. I They wear that mask, bro. It's a fucking MAGA hat that's aga hatt for Democrats. It's Unbelievable. And then you see people, I'll still see people today that choose to wear a mask and then they wear it under their nose. Duh. That's my favorite. You gotta be fucking, It doesn't work Anyway. If you, you wanna be anti-science, wear a mask. That shit does not work. Especially a surgical mask. Get the fuck outta here. You moron. That's at, it's so A surgical mask. Stupid. It's so stupid. You don't even know what a surgical mask is for.


It is to keep particulates from people's mouths from dropping into Wounds. That's what that's for. Yeah. It doesn't stop anything from respiratory, like a respiratory virus. And going in they Go. I've had people say, oh, why, why don't you go tell the doctors? 'cause all the doctors wear a mask. I go Yeah. In the, in the operating room. So shit doesn't fall out of their mouth into an open wound. you know, when they come over before you get, before you go into the operating room, the doctor comes over to talk to you. He takes his mask off and he talks to you remember that They don't fucking have it on when they're, it's, it's so stupid. It's so stupid. It's So stupid. It's like, it's so childish. But yet it became official doctrine. Just like the six foot distance thing it made up became Official. Just up. And so, oh, I wanna say, so the, you know, we've seen Fauci lied to Rand Paul twice about Yeah.


Funding the gain of function research, right? Yeah. Up and down the chain. People are saying Fuck you mean the people you hired? Yeah. And so he lied to Congress twice at least about that. Right. And then everything else he just lied about. But there will be no consequence. That's the thing that's unsatisfying. It's good just to watch them. The, the them confront them. The congressmen that were confronting him. Isn't it interesting though that the same thing happened to him with aids? Right? So if people forget, there's that movie called the Dallas Byers Club. Yes. And Matthew McConaughey won the goddamn Oscar for that movie. Yes. And the bad guy in that movie, Dr. Fucking Fauci. And so, you know, Matthew McConaughey knows that. Yeah. Why doesn't he say something? I think he wants to keep Working.


That's exactly it. Yeah. You that's exactly it. You gotta keep your head down. You can't go again. Yeah. If you go woody house and people, they automatically write hip pieces on you. Fuck. I love that guy. I love that guy too. When he did that thing on Saturday night line, that was, they started writing hip pieces on him. Yes. Immediately. Immediately. Yeah. They know what they're doing. They know what they're doing. They're little lap dogs. But also nobody believes those hip pieces, the people that read it that hate Woody Harrelson, they already hated him. It's like, you're not gonna get those people back. You're gonna have a certain amount of people that don't like you no matter what. So those hip pieces don't really work anymore. They just inform your haters that, oh, I'm on the right track. I knew he was a retard. That's all. That's all it is. It's just, it's it, it's not real. The whole thing's not real.


And everyone knows it's not real. When a guy goes on Saturday Night Live and has a funny monologue that's essentially realistic. you know, and it's about, That was, that was so perfectly said. Too Amazing. It was amazing. It was amazing. And of course they attacked him. But that just, all that does really is show you where the demons are. Like who's attacking him for that? Who, who are the people that have sold their soul? Who are the people that are willing to go after this guy for saying something that we all know to be true? You gonna go after him for that? Remember when they went after Eric Clapton? Oh My. Oh my God. They went after him so hard. And Eric Clapton, who was vaccinated Yes. Who was vaccinated, had a horrible reaction to the vaccine. He was a racist. They found some, some black guy who worked with him 20 years ago said he was a racist.


He's a racist. He's a racist. Everything they went after him. Anti-vaxxer, racist, responsible. The death of millions with his, his poor choice of words describing his personal illness. But that's how transparent everything is. you know, that's I mean. you know, obviously I experienced it. It's, it's fascinating to watch it happen when they turn on you. It's weird. It's weird because for, for me, the weirdest thing about it was like, the play was so stupid because I was obviously okay. Yes. I was obviously healthy really quickly. Well, You did look green. I should have filmed it because I worked out, six days later, I did 10 rounds on the heavy bag. 'cause I wanted to find out if I felt good.


And I felt fine. Wouldn't you be more interested in how someone got better If you really wanted the world to be a, a healthier place? He'd be like, what did that guy do? That's different. He's just telling you what he did and he got better and he wasn't vaccinated. So what did he do that's different? And wouldn't that be what the news wants? But no, when the news is controlled by giant corporations, that is an uncomfortable truth. That is a, that's a real problem. Having that narrative out there, that there's someone out there that can get healthy without taking this thing that we're telling everybody they have to take. But if it worked, why would you care if I took it? If you took it right. And you can't get it. So you just, but let me get sick. Let me be a dummy that just gets sick and recovers. Which most people did.


That's the other thing. They wanted to pretend that like 10% of the people were dying and the hospitals overrun. No, it's like 99.7% of the people survived. And the people that didn't survive had a a A three core morbidities. Four, Four core morbidities. Four. So, and then as soon as Bill Gates cashed in his stock Yep. He starts talking shit. He starts shitting on the facts. Well, you know, we didn't know that the, it had a low fatality rate. The virus had a low fatality rate. Yeah. And that the, the vaccine, it wasn't long lasting and it didn't block transmission or contraction. And so we gotta do better. We got this new thing. It's a nasal thing. He, he literally does it. We got this new thing and this actually works better. I look into it. He's fucking funding that nasal thing.


Of Course he is. Of course he is. I mean. That's, and Now he's buying up all the farmland. He's smart. He's a megalomaniac. That's the thing. He's also a guy that people don't realize at one point in time was very hated. He was Hated hate in the nineties. Yeah. Because he was A antitrust. Yeah. Because he was monopolist and he knew how to crush people who had innovation and how and, and so they they throw pies in his face. Yep. And then he got smart and he was like, oh, I'm gonna buy the media. Yeah. And that's exactly, He spent hundreds of millions of dollars buying media corporations off And So like, when you see PBS NewsHour do a thing on vaccines, it's being funded by Bill Gates.


Yeah. And it's about a vaccine that he's invested in. And it's a, it's a, so he's funding the vaccine. He's fing the NGOs that's gonna distribute it. He's funding the, the, the funding, the media coverage of the thing. It's like every which way he's got it. And so, because he wears a crew neck and he looks like a, a like a nerd. People think nerds wouldn't lie. Yeah. That's why people think, think Chris Ha SN bbc. He's a nerd. He wouldn't lie. Rachel Mans a homosexuals. They don't lie. They're, they're naturally good people. Especially If she's wearing a business suit. She's so serious. Well act like this. She's a no-nonsense businessman. I like to say she wears those fake Megan Kelly eyelashes. And she wears, does she? Yes. And then she wears jeans that are three times too big for her that talk about someone in conflict.


Oh, does she? She really? Oh Yes. She wears the man jeans that are gigantic and then she wears the Megan Kelly eyelashes. Interesting. Yes. The man jeans is an interesting choice. Yes. I wonder what that's saying. That's some, that's someone in deep conflict with themselves. Mm, yeah. Interesting. So That's nice. But a hundred thousand dollars a day smooths that over. I guess That's a lot of money. You could spend that all sorts of fun ways. A hundred grand a day day. You think you buy a Porsche a day And that was her reward. How about that? That was Wow. One Porsche a day. That Was just have a nine 11 for every day of the week. It's worth lying. Go around the corner sideways we, and listen to good tunes. Rod Stewart. Wake up Maggie, let's go Driving down the Malibu coast.


Sorry. So that's the example. That's the, so they put ju Julian Assange in prison. Right. And Bell Marsh and Rachel Maddow does Russiagate lies about Ukraine. Lies about Libya, lies about Syria. And they, she gets a hundred thousand dollars a day. I'm glad you brought up Julian Assange because what did he have to do to get free? So he had to admit that he, he committed one felony, But didn't he have to delete things? Oh, he did. Turns out I didn't know. Yeah. It turns out they did delete some, some shit. It's like 20,000 documents or something. Oh, that's only 20,000. Yeah. It's no big deal. But Man, oh man, What was it about Man? Oh man, that guy I mean. What a hero. Yeah. What an unbelievable absolute hero.


I thought he was gonna die. I thought He was, I thought he was gonna die in that prison too. What Do you think happens to him now? And it looks like they knew they were gonna let him, him out, because when they let him out, he had a little bit of weight on him. It looked like he wasn't as frail as he once was. Oh. Like, they think were feeding him Good. They looked like, they looked like, Hey, start sending him three meals a day. Get him all the steak and everything. So when we let him go, he doesn't look horrible. Oh, was he eating poorly before That? Well, he was I mean you, I I saw pictures of him. He looked horrible. Yeah. He, well, he's not getting any vitamin D Right, right. He's indoors All day long. Right. For 10 years. Right. Like, how long was he in jail for? Or locked up? So he was in that prison for six years, but he was in that embassy for I think eight years before that or something like that. God damn. Yeah. He was in prison for six years, I'm pretty sure.


Six years. So he, he, no, Jamie will find out. Did, didn't go in I, don, was it? 2019? Says seven and a half years total. but Don Don't, seven and a half, Seven and a half years of self-imposed confinement. And then five years of enforce detention. Okay. So five years in Belmar. Seven and a half years in that, in that Ecuadorian embassy. Jesus Christ. Where that guy, how did he not go Crazy? I don't know how he didn't go crazy. And then, and then they made him pay for his flight home. Half a million dollars. Half a million dollars. Flew Private though. Probably had champagne strawberries. Don't you think? Why wouldn't someone like Mark, mark Cuban, who, who brags about, he brags about he loves his jet collection. Like why wouldn't he just send a jet over there to take care of him? And he's busy arguing with people on Twitter.


Oh, see, he's another fucking maniac. Yeah. He likes arguing on Twitter. Yeah. It's interesting to watch people. And he's wrong about almost everything He's wrong about quite a bit. Vora is this young kid who's a journalist who's really good. And he's gone back and forth with him to the point, mark Cuban has to step outta the chat. He just gets, He just gets clowned. It's just weird that a person that, that busy would choose to engage with people. And like the, the one of the poorest ways to communicate, like, to go back and forth in argument with people on Twitter, you just wanna post things and you know, you have something that you feel like is on your mind, like post that. But when you start arguing with people on Twitter, like, I go, how much time do you have?


No kidding. How, how do you have the time To do? Don't, don't you own 85 million companies Yeah. That you have to run. It's a, it's like a sign of mental illness to be arguing with people. All day on Twitter. In my opinion. I think when I see people arguing with people on Twitter, I'm like, oh, that's a person that's rack with anxiety. That's like very truly unhealthy person. There's no way. You can't be, you're going back and forth with people. You, you feel it, you're a human being. If you're in conflict and you're trying to get one up on the person every fucking tweet and you're checking your Twitter every five minutes to see who's responded and how it's doing. Did you get Ratioed? Oh my God, I got ratio. Fuck, Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, Fuck. And then your wife's upset and your kid, daddy, can we play? Hold on, hold on. You're in the middle of tweeting. It's fucking, it's manic stuff. It's not good for you.


It's bad for you. It's a bad way to communicate. The best way to communicate is civilly in front of a person. That's the best way. Even though you're yelling and screaming at a person right in front of you, that feels bad too. You should be able to, as a grown adult, have a civil conversation with people where you could disagree with even really disagree with something, but just keep like a professional polite tone. But, but There's this, you know what's interesting as I just interviewed this woman called Blair White. I don't know if you Yeah. I've had Blair on. So I told her, I said, you know when Right wing trans person Yeah. Who, what are the odds? Right? So I've, I've had, I've had tra I have trans fans come to the show. Right. Kurt fucks 'em in the green room, but how dare you Kidding.


Depending the bus, depending on how they look. And, but they, and they have guns. Like the, I've had a couple of trans fans come to there and they're like, like, Hey, wanna see my gun? And I was like, that's hilarious. No Kidding. That's hilarious. So, but anyway, when I, when I was talking to her, I was like, you know, I feel like you, you're a woman. Like I get the energy of a female from you. Yes. And whereas Dylan Mulvaney is, seems like a gay guy doing an unbelievable caricature of a woman. Right. And agreed. And she, she agreed and she said, yeah, he has gay boy energy. Yeah. And so she went, she went to these L-G-B-T-Q pub, the, the Pride parades.


Right. And she would ask people, how many genders do you think there are? And when do you think kids should be allowed to have gender affirming care and have hormones and stuff? So he's, she's asking these questions, right. Which we're all talking about. Right. And she's doing it in a polite way and the fucking way people turn, they had, they had security following her, basically got kicked out of the lgb, the Pride Fest. And, and people are like, fuck you. Like they found out that she says to one guy, you know, what do you think about Donald Trump? He was the, he was the first president in the United States to go into the White House supporting gay marriage. Be, and like I never looked. I've thought of it like that. Yeah. And they're like, oh, you're a Trump support.


Fuck you. I'm like, I always thought that the, the, the gay pride movement was about tolerance. Right. And diversity. And let me be my thing. And you can do your thing right now. It's like no, you're only allowed to have one opinion. You're only allowed to have one political view. And if you step out, it's like it's fuck you. Yeah, exactly. Isn't it? That's the opposite of what I thought the gay movement was all about. Well, It's the opposite of what the progressive movement's supposed to be all about. The progressive movement is also supposed to be about intelligent, well-educated, compassionate people that have a better perspective of how things are and what causes people to live in unfortunate circumstances and the inefficiencies of so many government organizations and the importance of the working class community.


That's what it's supposed to be about. It's supposed to be about like yeah. Being kind and helping people and supporting workers and rights and all those things that that's what it originally was. But the problem is, with any ideology, if you have to have a rigid adherence to whatever the ideology states, whatever the doctrine is, that can shift to the point where it's no longer even a progressive value and you call yourself a progressive, yet you support all these ideas. Like you support the, the war in Ukraine, you support all these different things. Censorship are fucking insane. Censorship. Yeah. The FBI, The hallmark of authoritarian dictators is censorship. Yes. And they got people who consider themselves progressive. Right. To be for So, like I I say I, I'm, I've never changed.


I'm for bodily autonomy. My body, my choice, which you don't hear people say anymore. What they'll say is, oh, I'm pro I'm pro-abortion. No One's No. You say, I'm, I'm a woman's Right to choose. Yeah. That's what they say. Yeah. Well, that's what people like to say the most. Okay. I've heard people start saying they're pro-abortion. Mm. No one's pro-abortion. Well, but anyway, so I, I've stayed my bodi my choice bodily autonomy. I'm anti-war, I'm pro worker and I'm anti-censorship for free speech. Those are all considered right wing positions now. It's crazy. It's Crazy. But it Just shows you that what we're talking about, it's just the ideology. It just, it's just a cult. It, and there's two cults in this country. There's the right wing cult and the left wing cult. And there's a bunch of people that are centrist.


There's a bunch of people that have like a little bit of this and a little bit of that, and they're kind of in the middle and they're kind of like a left-leaning conservative or Right-leaning progressive. And they're confused and they don't know what to think. And, I think the majority of people are kind of really, if you isolated them and get 'em outta their tribal thinking the way they look at the world. And if they could, if it could be explained to them in a, a kind way there, most people are in the center. Most people I think, I generally think most people are, but the people on the far left are so fucking crazy. And the people that are on the far right are so fucking crazy that if you're on the left, you see the people on the far right. Well, I'm not that fucking person, so I must be on the left. And then if you're on the right and you go, yeah, but I'm kind of like pretty open-minded when it comes to a lot of social issues.


But then you see Antifa, you go, well, what the fuck, I'm not with those people. I must be right wing. And then you have this chaos that we have currently so That the whole left, I I just, I call don, don't call them, you know, they go, oh, the far left. I just call them democrats. Right. 'cause they became they're not, that's not left. If you're for war, it's not left if you're for censorship. Right. It's not left if you're for mandating experimental medical treatments. Right. That's not that. There's nothing left about that. Right. Right. You just vote Democrat. And so, and these are two bullshit constructs being left. Right. I don't think it, it matters that much. I've got way more in con in common with people who are considered right wing than I do with Joe fucking Biden. Right. Do you know what I mean?


Yeah. And we we're, and the thing is that people don't realize if, when they say organ, I've talked, I've told you this before, when, when people say, oh, we have to organize along class lines, that means organizing with Trumpers, the workers. That's what they Christian Smalls did on Staten Island when he organized the first union in Amazon. Right. He, he didn't go down there and go, Hey, who here is for L-G-B-T-Q? Hey, who here is a gun nut? You're out who's not who's for freedom of speech? You're out Who he just went, who's here to get together? We have an economic interest to oppose the man, you with me? That's how you fucking organize. You come around and you don't, you don't have all these things that exclude. It's all about excluding people. And by the way, I found out that all that, all this trans stuff, all this, it's all come from the top down.


It doesn't come from the bottom up. I've, I figured this out when I saw that Larry Fink, the head of BlackRock talk about en enforcing ESG and DEI. And so that's because those companies are the ones who are raping the planet and screwing everybody. But then they stick a gay pride flag on what they're doing so they can wrap themselves in a patina of virtue. And that's all that is. And that's coming in. And it's also great because it keeps us divided. So if we're fighting over bathrooms and people competing in sports and swimming and all that, then we're not our eyes off the ball. Right. Our eyes off the 200 or $600 billion are sending to the military industrial complex in an upfront transfer of wealth. We're not talking about the Cares Act the largest. We're not talking about things that actually matter.


That people are still living under bridges. People don't have healthcare. That doesn't bankrupt them. People can't go bankrupt just trying to go to college. People don't have a decent 80% of workers living paycheck to paycheck. Half the country can't afford a $500 emergency. All that shit. We're not talking about any of that stuff. If we're talking about all that other stuff. Exactly. Exactly. And that's part of the playbook. The playbook is keep the people distracted and divided. That's always been the playbook. And then while we're in the middle of these international conflicts that are baffling to everybody involved, and you're wondering how they have all this money to do that, but they don't have any money to address all the problems that we have. How about the people in Maui? Imagine being a person in Maui that Lost, lost Their home. They give you $700 and then you still can't rebuild.


It's a year later nothing's been built. And I mean at the blink of an eye. They give a hundred billion dollars to Zelensky. And, and well even worse, They accidentally sent Ukraine 6 billion. They sent an accidental 6 billion. So then we looked up like, how much would it cost to rebuild every house that got destroyed in the fire? 5 billion. So they could have done that. So Why wouldn't They do that? Why wouldn't They do that? Why do, why wouldn't They do that? I don't understand. Those people are devastated. And then there's all this talk about, about like taking over that land and Well, you go to Maui, I was in Maui and you see people have put graffiti on the side of billing saying this is a land grab. Yeah. You see that a lot. It is a land grab. It's a pretty transparent land grab. Right. It's happening in front of our eyes and no one's doing anything about it because it's five hours in a jet across the ocean.


And we're watching this shit take place where these people and First of all just horrible mismanagement of water rights, horrible mismanagement of power lines, the fact that they have horrible winds. Crazy winds there. And they've had these fucking power lines that are above ground. When I lived in California, my fucking lines were underground. They figured it out there. How come they didn't figure it out in Hawaii? you know how much money could have been saved? They just put the power lines underground. It was so unfortunate that their, our alarm system malfunctioned. Yeah. How About that? And that the water got turned off. So the firefighters, They wouldn't let 'em turn the water on. It was people, the, the water's very valuable commodity there. The whole thing is fucking insane.


And that the cops are turning people back into the fire. It's just, it's just, these Are the whole thing is insane. These Are, these are all just unfortunate, these unfortunate things. Well how about that mayor who goes on tv? Like what, two weeks after the fires talks about how they're gonna like try to figure out how to turn into a monument? Oh, I didn't know. I didn't see that. You ever see that speech? No. Was it the mayor or the governor? I forget which, which guy it was. But he was talking about how they're talking about erecting a monument and like turning into a park or something. What the whole, it's super valuable land where these people are. Yeah. That's the problem. Yes. That everybody recognizes, these people have these modest homes on this super valuable piece of land. And if something should happen, some homes, oops, whoopsies whoopsies.


If that whoopsies happens and then they can figure out a way to take it. Ha ha. you know, have you ever seen a fire that melted the wheels off of cars and It does I mean fires do, do that? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Extreme heat is fucking insane what it does to cars. And also cars are filled with oil, oil and gasoline. The, the kind of heat that you get off of a burning vehicle is extraordinary. you know, when you're like, fires are one thing like a wood fire, but a fire of a car that's filled with 30 gallons of gas and has rubber tires like that heat is fucking extraordinary. Yeah.


Extraordinary. I don't believe you I mean fire can do wild things, man. It, it really can. But the, the real problem is how they handled everything. It's so poorly done by the way. They've had wildfires there commonly because of the fact that they have like, see there, it's, yeah. This is Tennessee. This is Tennessee, yeah. Liquid aluminum. So the, the, the wheels melt. So that's all liquid aluminum. Oh really? That's The wheels melting. Yeah. Fire. Alright, So now I believe you. Yeah. Fire from gasoline and everything in a car is made outta plastic. Think about if you have vinyl seats and plastic grommets and all these different plastic pieces that are on your side. you know, your, your a columns and all this. All that's plastic.


The fucking steering wheel's plastic. Yeah, the dashboard's plastic. Yeah. All that shit goes up. And bro, you better get the fuck outta the way and 30 gallons of gasoline like that. That's, that's heat, man. Okay. That melts everything. Melts, melts, mufflers melts everything. Anything. Aluminum is fucked. So do you, so there's no way to vote our way out of these problems. It doesn't seem like in America that we're at this end Stage. What do you think we could do? What, what do you think is the real solution to try to get us on the right path? What is the thing that can be done? I, I think there has to be a, you know, like you say, there's an awakening of people realizing that they're being screwed over by a, a billionaire class that's, it's international, right?


Like, so the border being open. So that's not only happening in America, that's also happening in Europe. Right. You, you've seen that and you see what's happening to London, France, what they're doing in Scotland, places like that. And Yep. And Poland said no. Right. They closed their border. But I think this is some kind of bigger plan to, and so I think what if people wake up to that, which I think they are starting to, it's gonna look, it, it looks something like the trucker protest in Canada. Eh, You always say a after Canada every time. Yes. like a tick. I I I think it's gonna look like something like something like that, that we have to have a, a way to, to, we gotta make, you know, like January 6th, which was, you know, a fricking instigated by the FBI.


We know that. I'd love to see the guy who was the, the congressman. He was interviewing the head, Christopher Ray, the head of the FBI, and he said, did you have any FBI assets inside the capitol before the breach dressed up like MAGA people? And he says, I can't answer that. He and the congressman goes, the answer should be no. It should be no. So what? So again, and, and so that was an attempt to criminalize Trump and criminalize his political movement. The same grand jury, the same RICO statute that they used to indict Donald Trump in Atlanta. They used to also, same Rico statute, same grand jury to indict the stop cop city protestors. And you know, when I, when I made that case to Cornell West, I go, do you see the game that's being played now?


Because then they're not only criminalizing their political opponents in the United States, they're doing that all around the world. They did that in Pakistan. So Iran Khan, the guy who stood up and said, people of Pakistan do not wanna go along with NATO's Wars anymore. He immediately threw him in jail, though he's a criminal. They did the same, the same thing they did in Brazil. They didn't want Lula to be president, so they threw him in in jail. Right. And so they thought the center right guy was gonna win. But then the far right guy Bolsonaro won the Trump of Brazil. They're like, oh fuck, what do we do? So they had to let Lula back outta prison 'cause he is the only one who could beat him. And then once they beat him, they then made it illegal for Bolsonaro to ever run for president again. And it's the same shit they're doing. How Did they make it illegal for Bolsonaro to not run for president Again? They, they, it's like they're trying to do the Trump right now, give the four different, you know, 92 felony.


So they bullshit charges against him. I don't know the ins and outs. I know they did. I know they did that. So, so that's what, so I think people need to wake up to that and wake up to, if anybody, you know, if anybody catches on fire and that is a problem for the establishment. They criminal, look what they did, the goddamn brussel brand for fuck's sake. Yeah. So immediately, if you get a voice and you become a problem for the establishment, that's the new game. They just criminalize you now. And everybody goes along with it. Everybody can You believe how people go along with the, they say that what they're con currently doing to Donald Trump. They say he's gonna do that to us. Yeah. David, you're already fucking doing it.


Yeah. We've already, this whole idea that somehow he's doesn't, isn't that kind of mind blowing? How do people not, well, Andrew Cuomo was on the Bill Maher show and he admitted that yeah, they should have never brought that case. And that if, if he was the attorney general, he would've never did it. And the only reason that case was ever brought was because it was, Donald Trump was the center of it. This is how dumb they are. They went after that guy, Andrew Cuomo. Which if you were gonna be strategic about who is your tough guy Democrat, that could be president. Why would they? It's that guy. Yeah. Andrew Cuomo. Well they gave, they gave him an Emmy for his bullshit coverage of Covid. Yeah. Hilarious. Then they took it away. But listen, you know, he's not a virologist.


He's acting on a bunch of different experts that are telling him what to do, including letting people that have covid back in the nursing homes, which turns out to be devastating. And then also the use of ve of ventilators, which they thought was important. They needed, we thought we needed bunch. Turns out it killed them. Turns out to kill people. Yeah. It killed some bizarre number for the treatment. Like 80% of the people they put on ventilators Yes. Wound up dying. Yeah. So, And, and then they would give you drugs that slowed down your breathing. But My point is, if that doesn't happen, that guy's your guy against Trump. Yeah. That guy's your guy. Yeah. I mean that's a big tough guy who speaks Well, he's charismatic. This big Italian guy who's gonna lay it I mean great speaker. You heard him on Bill Maher?


I'm like, boy, if it wasn't for this one scandal of him liking to hug ladies, Ah, we just, you know, I'm Italian. We like he is. I like the, you know, we played little grab ass. Yeah. you know, it was a big deal. Come on, listen Bo you know I mean Joe Biden has been Is that your phone that keeps dinging? Joe Biden Is that my phone has been sniffing kids and hugging people forever. Jesus Christ. you know, I mean he's, maybe it's me. No, It's me. Is It? Okay. Sorry. I mean he's a fucking weird guy. And they just decided for whatever reason that they were gonna take Cuomo out. And I never understood that that strategic move, I mean it must have been some sort of an inside power grab play. But then they replace him with that hol lady who's out of our fucking mic. God has brought us this vaccine, this vaccine's brought by God.


Like, what are you even fucking talking about? And then she fired a hundred thousand healthcare workers. How about when she said that black people don't know what a computer is. People dunno what a computer is. How crazy is that? Yeah. How Crazy is that To even say it's Imagine anyone else. So that's, that's how you know how corrupt the media is. 'cause they didn't make a big deal outta that. No. Everybody was like, what the fuck did you just, did you see the memes or the videos that kids made? No. Oh my god. So many funny videos of black kids moving around a computer, like confused like a cave man. Like, ugh. They see a computer, They see that. Open it up, huh? Well I mean your, your phone is a computer, Dude, everyone knows what a fucking computer is.


It's 2024. It's Like Joe Biden in the primary in 2020, play the record player. They, they need to hear words. Turn on the tv. Don't the idea that, What are you poor black people don't have a laptop. What the fuck are you talking about? Everyone's online. You moron everyone. Literally the whole country's online. Did you see the, the mayor of New York? He said that. So they're trying to get these immigrants jobs and he's like, well, a lot of 'em are real good swimmers. We could You didn't see that. Yeah, I did see that. Oh yeah. Insane. It's like when you wanna, they could be lifeguards. What, when you wanna call 'em wetbacks, but you wanna be politically correct. Jesus Christ. That's what that was. It's so crazy. The whole thing is socra. It's so crazy to watch all the gaslighting and chaos and Well, It's, it's also amazing to see that the Democratic Party is now the establishment party.


Yeah. And it used to be the other way, the, the Democratic Party used to be the party that represented workers and was against the, the, the, the billionaire class. But then Bill Clinton and, and Al Gore, no friend of the working man, they, they saw Reagan. They're like, Hey, if you can't beat 'em, join them. And so they decided like, Hey, they, they said Wall Street, we got it. Give us the money. Military give it. They, they started a thing called the Democratic Leadership Council. The DLC. Do you know who was on the board of the DLC Koch brothers? They were outta their fucking board. Well, they Want the world to be a better place too. And So that, that, and so this one to help people. That's what it's about. That's all. It's about And I bring democracy. That's what I do. They're what been saying. I'm glad you came around. Thank you. That's why I brought you here.


I brought you here to educate you. Yeah. I'm an educator Breaking President Biden says on a conference call, he's staying in. Yes, I'm running. I am the leader of the Democratic Party. No one is pushing me out. I've been knocked down before and counted out my whole life. When you get knocked down, you get back up. Yo, I think I got a, I bet my phone was lighting up. I like his moxie. I like it. I've been told by, i i, I have a billionaire friend who's like a donor. They go, Hey, they had a big donor meeting in Denver, like 40 of the top democratic donors. And they said, who here wants to get rid of Joe Biden? And every hand went up. So that's, I think Joe Biden is a secret Trump fan.


That's what I think And I think she knows the way to get Trump back in the White House to straighten this country out, is to keep her husband Joe Biden running. There's no way she thinks he's okay. So something's going on. Why, what, what like, could spiritually pretend to be Kurt Metzker for a moment? And what do you think, like if you had a say, why would she want him in? You would say, well, because she thinks maybe he can win even though he is demented. And maybe she can stay in power, but also maybe he doesn't get prosecuted. So this is my question about the recent Supreme Court ruling about the presidential immunity. if I was in the Democratic party, And I looked at what's going on with Donald Trump.


And I looked at the very real possibility that Donald Trump might get back into the White House. I would say listen, all this barisma stuff, all this, this is big time shit. There's a lot of evidence. Not a little bit of evidence like the Trump thing. Not 34 charges of felonies, which is just a misdemeanor. That's just 34 different checks he wrote for a porn star, which is what a cheap bastard. He paid her over 34 different times like payments. I'll give you installments. I'll give her installments a little bit here, a little bit there. She doesn't get it all in one lump. Well, did you ever see the video of how Bill Clinton paid off Paula Jones back when he was running for president? Well, She had a big, she had the big check.


Remember she had the big check. Did she want a game show? Oh Really? Yeah. It was $850,000. He paid her off. Right. And back Then. And they admitted it. They go, Hey, okay, now this is over. We paid her off. Yep. How? Well, the thing was like writing it down on a ledger as Campaign. Yeah. So yeah. Yeah. That's the, but that in normal cases, as Andrew Cuomo said on Bill Marshall, that's just Mr. That's, you get a fine, I'm telling you, he fucked up with that Cuomo guy. That guy could have been the president and he'd probably be a good president. He was a good mayor. I mean he is a good governor. Like wasn't he? Wouldn't he He's better than Hoel, right? I mean, I don't know. I don, he Like, everybody loved him. Oh, at the beginning of Covid. They loved, they Loved him. Loved him. Yeah. you know, Chelsea Handler was saying she's Cuomo sexual, remember?


Yeah. Remember that? Remember that Cuomo sexual, everybody Loved him. Everybody loved him because he was the stern, like straightforward, practical, Anti. He was the anti-Trump Leader. Pragmatic, right? Yeah. He was a leader. He seemed like a leader. Big handsome guy. He speaks very well. He also seems like a mob boss. you know? It's like, oh yeah, he'll take care of it. Mr. Cuomo, Mr. Cuomo's got it all under control. Are they fucked up like that? You have so few charismatic people that you, that are experienced in politics that could have actually gone against Trump. That was the main guy in my opinion. Yeah. And I was hoping for it.


'cause the guy who does the voices on my show, Mike McCray, he doesn't, Andrew Cuomo, does he do a good one? He does a very funny one. Yeah. Yeah. I like when you have people call in that aren't the people. And a lot of people are like, what People think it's him. Yeah. Who do you have call in? Like what different people you have? Well, the first time I had Bill O'Reilly call in, they people at KP FK were like, and they go Bill O. Right. Just called someone a whore And. I'm like, no, that's so is that He did an amazing Mitt Romney. He was hoping for MIT Romney to get elected. Remember when Howard Stern had that guy that would call in as Letterman and he was dead on? Oh, And I never listened to Howard Stern. Oh My god. Howard Stern used to have this dead Letterman guy would call in dead on. Oh really? Dead on just saying wild shit.


And he would say it was David Letterman. Oh, David Letterman's on the phone. That's what I do. I just pretend. I just pretend. Oh, he d Mike also does Jeff Bridges. Oh. Oh really? Who does Jeff Bridges? That's a weird one. Hey, I can't do it right. I can't do it. He's like for her out, man. Oh, you know, he does Jeff Bridges as Lebowski. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. It's one of the greatest movies of all time. All time. All Time. And he, he does him, he, who else does he do that the normal Nobody else does. Oh, he does a great Kevin Spacey. Oh wow. Oh, it's fucking everything he says. It's like that. That's right. Tell me about your lesbian niece. Anyway, it's So, he, he does a Yeah, he's brilliant.


So that was, he was, he was pulling for, he was hoping for MIT Romney. 'cause nobody else done Mitt Romney. Did You see the contrast between the debate in 2012 with Barack Obama and Mitt Romney and there, somebody put a side By Video this bad? No, no, no, no, no, no. Just the, the way they spoke with each other. There's a video that shows the contrast between Mitt Romney and Barack Obama speaking so cordially and professionally and graciously to each other in 2012. And then 2024 with Trump and Biden going at each other. I And I, you're a sucker, you're a loser. Yeah. you know, and then he is like, he can't play golf. He is got no golf game. Oh, I'm six handicap. He goes, I have a six.


I was a six handicap. But that's how wild that dude is. And then he changed it until Eight And immediately he goes, it was an eight. Like you just switched it. He's a bullshit Artist. And the worst. But, but I love what, when, when Trump says to you, let's not be children here. Like, holy shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It is hilarious. Here, I'll go, I'll play golf with you. But you gotta carry your own bags. do do you think you can carry your own bags? You can't walk down a fucking flight of stairs. This is Crazy. You can't even carry the own load in your pants. It's just what a wild time. Do you think he shit his himself. People were saying he shit himself when he was with Macron, remember he bent over. Perhaps maybe he was preventing himself. I've shit myself before things happen, things go wrong.


Things go wrong. That's what I, that's what I say about Mitch McConnell. People go, do you see him have a stroke? I go, no. He shit his pants. Look at his face. I made, I know that face. I've made that face. The Mitch McConnell one. I think he's, no, I think he Windows 95. Yeah. I think he locked Up. Yeah. He Clicked. Someone needed to control alt delete. Yeah. That poor guy. All those people, they're like, you shouldn't, you know, We have the oldest fucking people. It's so old. Why? Well, because the young people are all, you know, there's all a bunch of ex-girlfriends and ex-husbands out there that are talking shit about them. And they're terrified to run. And if they're, they have real leadership qualities, they probably have a bunch of disgruntled former employees and a bunch of people they can call upon. They can make up stories. They can concoct narratives.


If you're not chosen to be in that position. Yeah. You wanna buck the system. That's what we're seeing with Trump. They come for you. They come for you in very, very Look How they came for RFK Junior. Yep. Look it out. And they're still doing it. They just bring, brought up a thing about a nanny from the late nineties. Did you see that? It was like yesterday. I didn't see it. No. Yeah, they, but here's the thing about RFK Jr. They don't think he can win right now. What does it say? I'm looking up A Biden farting or shiting himself and found this story. I never Heard. What does it say Joe Biden or the new Mr. Trump? Camilla hasn't stopped talking about hearing the president break wind during the chat at Cop 26 Climate Summit in Glasgow. Right here. So Biden fart himself, It was a long And. Impossible to ignore.


Impossible To ignore. Camilla hasn't stopped talking about it. That Biden just farts farted in Nova meeting. Yeah. He produced a little natural gas of his own at the COP 26 summit. It was audible enough to make the Duchess of Cornwall blush. But is this the daily mail? Yeah. They can just kind of say things, can't they? Oh, okay. They over there. They can get just kinda say things, you know, that's why from Politico. And then Oh, they say it too. They were reporting their report. Oh my goodness. Maybe it is true. Let's go with it. Old people fart. It happens. Yeah. That guy's not in control of anything. You think he's in control of his Farts. So do you think someone mixed up and gave Joe Biden the real vaccine? I don't think that's what happened. I think he's dying.


Okay. I mean he had two brain surgeries. Yeah. He had a brain surgery where they literally cut the top of your head off. He had aneurysms like he had like, but It's, but the, but like look, I just told you this study from South Korea is like, it, it's, But the Alzheimer's thing. Yeah. It Spurs it on I mean. I don't think any of that stuff's gonna help I mean, but I think he was already a deteriorating state. Yeah, he was. Definitely. Period. So I saw a guy, this guy Dr. John Campbell. Sure. So he, he's great. He think, yeah, he says, although he, he pretends I won't, I don't exist. He won't respond to me. What Do you mean He won't come on my show? He won't talk to me. He won't Wonder why I Don, he goes on everybody else's joke. But that's bizarre. Including Russell Brand. I mean, I'm like, what?


But he, he just, the other day I saw a video. I, I tweeted it out that he says he thinks he has Louie body dis disorder, which is what I think Robin Williams. Yes, He did. Yeah. And so, and he talks about all the different things that, and people will mistake it for Alzheimer's and will mistake it for Parkinson's and the, but it's really this Lewy body disorder thing. So He might be right. He's been right for the, through the entire pandemic v very reasonable and very Right when he is talking about, well, Once he realized Yeah. That it was a lie. Yeah. And then he's like, he got duped. He, he, it's like all these people, like, even like Pierre Corey, he's like, I didn't realize how corrupt a medical Yeah.


Field is and how they control the medical journals and they can just make a study that will disprove a, a drug is good and they'll just do it wrong. Say it's bad. Yeah. And so, yeah, he was so he found this out through covid too, that like, wow. The medical journal's all corrupt And will be saying that he was so he thinks that Biden has Lewy body Dementia. Yeah. That's it. Wow. Yeah. I mean, it's just shocking that he can say that I'm not going anywhere. You get knocked down, you get back up. Like there's no, No one Has the Ability, no one knocked you down, But no one has the ability. That's what's crazy. No one has the ability and the Democratic party to pull him aside and say it's over. Like, who would be that person? This is the Question Obama, right?


Yeah. Why was Obama was the one who got everybody to drop out in the primary in 2020. Right. Except for Elizabeth Warren. So they could split the vote of Bernie. Right, right, Right. So I think it's Obama. So why wouldn't Obama have that power over him now you think once he's president he is like, I'm president God damnit I'm, I think he's getting replaced. I think he's getting still, I think he's getting replaced. I don't care what he says. Do You think there's a possibility they would someone Of course there is someone, I think possibly I Mean if they needed to You could assassinate him with a balloon. I mean you don't, you Don't have to. You get assassinated with a mosquito bike. Yeah. You don't have have try hard a scary movie. Ka Harris overtakes Joe Biden is the favorite to be the Democrat candidate.


There is. It's like a betting site though. So. like, she became the top odds. Well, bro, you want Trump to win again. I would've her Yeah. Her run against Trump. What we know about what has been and what will be based on what we know about what has already existed this time that we're living in. And time is a time just passes by What can't be unburdened by what has been. And the crazy thing is, and the same hand Every time. Said more than once. Yeah. She said it a million times. She didn't even tighten it Up. And it, she, she does it with like different takes. Like, okay, gimme a different take. What what can be unburdened by what has been like, she'll just still do like, you're doing a read, like you're doing a fucking audition.


It's like, what can be un what is it? And then she'll do it. And then she'll do it laughing. Gimme one. Laughing. Oh my God. Gimme what we are about to cry. It really is Gimme gimme one of your idiocracy. Be overly sincere. Give me one where your throw, just throw it away. Throw it away. Have you watched Idiocracy recently? I haven't watched it. It's Like a documentary. It's what, what? Watch It again. Watch it now. And you're like, oh my God. I just, I just so wish that George Carlin was still alive. Yeah. Yeah. That would've been Fine. Because he, he was getting more cantankerous. Oh Yeah. He would've went crazy. They would've killed him. They Maybe killed him. Anyway. Maybe that's what happened. Maybe we still have him. The government saw it coming. What time? When did he die?


2018, I believe. And how about don? Don't know, but how about how, there again, there, it's because the media's controlled that nobody cares. That Jeffrey Epstein's list 2008. Oh, it was Wow. Off by 10 years. Wow. He was only 71. Yeah. See they killed him. Told you, Well, if you see that look Like shit. Right. If He, if he, but he had a lot of heart attacks. He did a lot of Coke. Oh, he did a lot of pills too. Yeah. Remember there was a few years back where e even in his elder years, he went to rehab for pills. 71 is does not seem that old. Right. Especially now that I'm, no, No. Wow. That's 14 years older than me.


Yeah. That's, I can't do the math. But yeah. Drinking 20 beers a day in 1973 says he was smoking joints before breakfast, drinking 20 beers a day and sharing a heavy cocaine habit with Brenda. A freelance talent coordinated co coordinator for Hollywood production companies. Wow. Yeah. He was going hard. So he he blew his ticker out. Yeah, it Happens. Yeah. We lose a lot of the graces that way. And you know, if you see, I saw the one person show her, his daughter did. About it. About him. Yeah. And she talks about how his last special when she, she walked into the green room and he turned around. It was like he had aged 10 years from the last time she had seen him.


And he looked like this old man. And he was shorter and he was bent over and Yeah, he did. Look, he did seem like, like Biden, how by age like that it seemed like that happened with him. Well, Everybody that I know that did heavy coke in the seventies, by the time the nineties rolled around, they were fucked. Yeah. They were fucked. Yeah. Mitzi, allegedly God rest her soul. Oh yeah. Yeah. She, she used to like, like to party and you know, so many others. Richard Pryor, of course. Oh, you know, loved cocaine. And you know, by the end, he was Very, very, I saw him right at the end. He used to go up at the comedy store. I worked With him. Yeah. If you saw him at the comedy store, you probably saw me open for him. Excuse me. Me going after him, rather, I, I used to have to bomb going after him.


He also weathered serious tax problems, a heart attack and two open heart surgeries. Jesus Christ. His health problems cost him five years of productivity between 77 and 82. Oh wow. Even back then. No kidding. He was having heart attacks in 77, though he had been able to taper his cocaine use on his own. He said he continued to abuse alcohol and also became addicted to Vicodin. Oh, That's Harder. 2004, he entered a rehabilitation center. No Kidding. Yeah. Yeah. So he was So and so, if that was, so if he died, that was four years before he died. Yeah. He went into rehab for Vicodin. Yeah. Wow. He was probably in bad shape. Wow. It sucks, sucks, sucks that so many of those greats just get hooked on these.


Terrible, I was so lucky to dodge that bullet. When I was sick. And I was going through my bone disease. I used to have to take a handful of Vicodin just to get outta bed. Oof. I'd have to set my alarm for like a half hour before I had to get outta bed. And I would take 'em and then wait for 'em to kick in so I could get outta bed. God damn. It was tough. And I. but I didn't get addicted. And then, and you know, all the, the only thing I ever got addicted to was cigarettes. Wow. That's crazy. And you know, when I was younger in my, before I became a comedian, oh, I used to drink gin. Oh. It was just I mean just drinking it. We'd finish off a bottle, you know, I mean it was crazy. I can't believe I didn't become an alcoholic. I mean, maybe people would say you were back then, but I you know, I just drank on the weekends and, and Then you just stopped.


And then Yeah, when I became a comedian, I was like, oh, that was, I pretty much stopped because I didn't wanna go on stage drunk. Right. And whereas now I like to have one or two drinks before I go on stage. Loosen You up a little bit. I become a different, it, it takes away a little, a little bit of a sensor. Yeah. Yeah. So it's funny, like I'll do two shows. And so the first show is Sober and The Sec and then the second show I remember I, I was still, I was in Chicago doing a live show with the video. And the second show I was a little hammered and it was a totally different show. More Fun. Right. It Was more fun. Yeah. There you go. It was, I was like, wow. Look at, Yeah. Alcohol is its place.


It just doesn't have its place for everybody. And it doesn't have its place if you're using it every day. It's just like everything else. Yeah. Yeah. I gotta wrap this up and bring it home. Jimmy, you're a fucking gem. You're a gem of a human being. I appreciate you very much and I'm glad you're out there. I really am. I, I love your show. I love the courage you have and your, your ability to chase down stories and find the truth of it. And, and also I think what's really important is you, you get it out there. In a funny way, And I think that it helps people accept it more, you Know? Well, I'm flattered Joe, I really appreciate you saying that. I appreciate you as always. I I'm glad you have this show. Thank you. Okay. Good to see you. We're gonna have fun tonight. Yeah, we Look forward To it. Bye everybody.