
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, All day. And they Have, oh yeah, okay, let's Go. They have a real, like Dystonia. Yeah. So like the comics there, it's called Humor. Libby, I think. And every show done in Estonia is only produced by these comics, so no one gets a piece of it besides comedians. Oh yeah. So they've like totally collectivized comedy in Estonia. Oh, So they sort of developed their own scene. Yeah. Just the comics to, so there was no comedy club that was available and they kind of created something. I Th Well, Estonia has been a country since like 1994. Yeah. Super.


you know, super. So it's, it's like all brand new And, I think free speech was just legalized, like, you know, last year or whatever. And they brought me over. So, but the crowds, bro, I did a show in the college town there. And I was like, I watched the first two comics, Ari, very funny. Not getting big laughs. So I went out there and tried to like, attack this crowd. And at one point I was like, where do you work, ma'am? And she went, no, that was the amount that they wanted to connect. And like, they don't laugh audibly. And, but afterwards I'm out there selling merch and they're all like, that was a pleasure. It was a time of my life. Thank you. It's like, okay, well in America, typically we smile, at least if we're having the time of our life, it was like, someone's gonna throw a rock at 'em if they made any noise.


Wow. Yeah. They're probably shellshocked. Oh, for sure. Yeah. Oh, you gotta imagine. But Ari's like Ari Madie who we're talking about Yeah. Who is very, very funny. Is such a joyful guy. Silly. Yeah. Yeah. Like how did he come outta there? Well, I think he's just happy to be out of there. Like, It just turned him. Yeah. It turned him into who he is now. Yeah. Yeah. It's like in the great escape when he sees sunlight and all he can do is smile. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's interesting when you see someone who's really talented that comes out of a place that doesn't have any history of it. Yeah. you know? Well they get, create their own culture there. Yeah. So they gotta figure out how to do standup. And. I think that Ari can do standup in like three different languages.


Wow. Yeah. So what does Estonian, what do they speak? I think Estonian. Oh, They have their own language? I think so. But they've only been a country since 94. Right? Well, so they, they were a country and then Russia came in. Right. And they weren't a country. And then Russia left and then they were a country. And then Russia came back, I think. And then they were a country after that boy. So they just have this like, history of having a boot on their neck for years and years. So I think he, he can do Estonian And I. Think he can do Russian and English. Wow. Yeah. That's crazy. And he can like kill you with his bare hands. Yeah. He looks great with his shirt off. Yeah. He was A-A-M-M-A fighter. Yeah. He had three fights And he's fighting Estonians. They're just scary people. That's how you go. Oh and three. Yeah.


Like you're too nice. You're too nice to be in that game. Yeah. Quit doing act outs. Yeah. He was with a legit gym too. Legit gym. It was a straight blast gym. That's Conor McGregor's gym. Whoa. He's an affiliate of that. Yeah, He's legit. Yeah. I'm happy for him. I signed his like a visa letter. Oh yeah. Him and James McCann. I'm both on them. So if either of them fuck up, I'm gonna be in big trouble. I don't know. McCann, James McCann is Shane's boy from Australia. Oh, I do, that's right. Yeah. I'm sorry. Yeah. No, I do know him. That's right. I just, there's so many fucking names now. It's all, I've met more people in the last year and a half since the club's been open. Yeah. And, I have probably ever in my life. I try to keep a, an eye and pay attention to all these new faces and new comics.


Oh yeah. you know, but it's pretty amazing. Well, you make yourself available to them too, which is cool. I admire that about you. 'cause you could just like be a man in a tower and like, you know, do this thing. But no, you're like out there. No, I'm, I'm one of us. Yeah. you know, that's the only reason why the club works. Oh, for sure, dude. Yeah. You can't, ugh. That would be gross. I don't have, I have very little say in how things even go on. Yeah. Yeah. I, I hired good people. And I said, let's just make sure that we have some core tenants, you know, in terms of like the pay structure. It's like entirely, you know, opposite of most clubs. Yeah. The money goes to the comics. Yes. Which it should. Like, if you're a comic and you don't have it set up like that, what the fuck are you doing?


don? Don't know. So what we always, we always knew we were getting robbed. Right. Right. And now I'm, and we were like, Hey, thank you for robbing me. Thank you for the opportunity. I'm a club owner now, so I'm like, I know. We were getting robbed, so I'm not gonna do that. Yeah. Like, I'm not going to have it this, but it's funny how many club owners get mad at it. Oh dude. I mean I'm finally selling tickets now after like, you know, fighting it out for like 20 years and the independent clubs will give you every penny that they can give to you. Yeah. Whereas like the corporate owned clubs are like, you know, they have the exact spreadsheet to the dollar. Oh, they're brutal, dude. Yeah. It's, they're so brutal. They're so brutal. I This is like, I don't wanna say who it was. Oh my God. I just got a hot sauce in my eye. Oh no. I fucked up.


I was eating something with ghost peppers today. And I. Forgot I had it on my hand. And I just wiped my eye. Lucy Didn't touch your dick. Ow. Ah, I did touch my dick. That's the worst. Yeah, it's not that bad. I've done it as bad as the eye. Oh. I did a jalapeno and then I touched my dick and then my wife came home. And I had the tip of my penis and a saucer of milk. She, she was like, what are you up to? I'm just like crying with my dick and cream. That's like That old Eddie Murphy bit about putting an aftershave on his balls. Oh yeah. I have a clear Eyes. If you think that'll help at all. Yeah. Throw that over here. Oh god dammit. Capsaicins a hell of a drug man. Ghost Pepper, baby. Wake you up. God.


It's like those smelling salts you have in the green room. Oh yeah. I fucked around. We beer bro. Dude, I, I, I dipped my toes into those waters. And, I. Think my, the, The ones we have at the green room are bullshit compared to these. Hey, I'll take your word for it. Oh, Come on bro. You gotta take one blast. I'll Blast one. One blast. Chuck. That sucked This way. Maybe that'll clear up my eyes. It's gonna clear up something psycho. Definitely gonna forget about your hair. Oh my God. Oh What a, oh my god. What a glowing endorsement of this product. Oh my God.


Oh my God. Oh dude. Like you went too deep there sir. Yeah, I went too deep too. Oh. I felt it in my lungs. It gets, oh man. It really hits like the reptile part of your brain. Yeah, exactly. Right. God, I can't believe I did that. Let's podcast. Let's fucking go. I'm gonna Go fight Bruce. I'll be right back. I did it to impress Ron White in the green room and he just laughed. Like, you idiot. You idiot. Ron's done it. Yeah, he's full of shit. He is done it too. Ron's taking quite a few hits, but none of these guys know about that one. That's the real one. Yeah. Where that's, that's Juju Fu is his bodybuilder dude.


He's got this brand that sells him. It's called Ah, that's the real one. That one is above and beyond anything I've ever tried. It's like multiple magnitudes. Are there individual like capsules in here? You're supposed to break. What the fuck's in there? Oh my god. This looks like crystal meth. Yeah, it's just rocks, ammonia. My right nostril is still on fire. Your left one. No, we're good. That's what Joey did is I gotta clean up my left one with the left one too. He's had a lot of stuff up that nose. Yeah. I'm amazed. You could smell anything. Fucking I mean he doesn't have holes in that thing. Woo.


Yeah. Well yeah. Thank you for having me back. My pleasure brother. My pleasure. So what's the road been like? You're all over the place man. I follow you on Instagram. Yeah. You're in all these crazy countries. And did you just decide to like see the world? Like is that what the, the plan was? Standup's a pretty good sheet code to travel and experience the authentic version of a place. 'cause you get to hang out with people from that place while you're there that weekend. Right. So yeah, I did like every state in America by the time I was like 30. And then was like, well maybe I'll go abroad and standup's so new in the rest of the world that it's like you feel like you're in the ground floor of like, all I can really approximate it to is like the early days of like hardcore like punk rock when like black flag and minute men were out there.


Right. And I feel like I'm doing shows like that when I go to Estonia or broad lava. Right. Yeah. And everyone's so happy to have you. Was there any place that like was really fun where like they laughed really loud and they got the jokes? Or was it every place like a little disjointed? It's, it's different because some of those, the more east you go into Europe, the more they watch it like theater. Oh. But I remember I was in Hungary in Budapest and that show was awesome and it shouldn't have been like the host went up and ate it and he was getting all sweaty up there and he had to like take off his sweatshirt 'cause he was bombing so hard. God bless him, you know. But he comes off stage and he brings me on and he's like, it's hot up there bro.


And then I went out there, And I was, you know, just made fun of him and the crab was like very good, you know? And then I killed over there man. Really? Yeah. And I didn't think it was gonna be good because they were all stern faced. Europeans. You don't walk out there and like see like people who look like they've smiled before. but I, I got him. I took Hinchcliffe to Stockholm once. Yeah. Stockholm's fun. Yeah, I had a great time. But he had never been to Europe before. And I had performed in Ireland. I had performed in England. I had performed in a bunch.


This episode of The Joe Rogan Experience is presented by Daz Zone. Get ready to see Jake Paul and what could be his toughest fight yet as he faces off against dangerous former UFC and current Bare Knuckle fighter Mike Perry. And the exclusive rights worldwide D Zone is the only place to watch it. Watch D Zone on any device. The global home of boxing. Jake Paul versus Mike Perry. July 20th by Pay-per-view now@dazn.com.


It's different places. And we did two shows and the first show he is like, dude, they did not like me. I go, you got laughs? He goes, yeah, but then they died off. I go, no, no. That's what They do here. Yeah. They they pay attention. Like they pay attention in between each joke. Yeah. Yeah. They're like, they don't just keep laughing and talking and making noise. Like They're also not eating hot wings. Right. you know? Yeah. No one's like arguing about splitting the check or anything. That was another thing that I made sure with the club no food. Yeah. Is food. And we we're connected to two restaurants. Right. It's a restaurant pizza place to the left. Mexican place to the right. Yeah. We're Good. Everyone's fine. Yeah. We don't, we we, you don't have to eat. You can take an hour and a half or two hours after outta your day and not eat.


Well you Guys also don't have to worry about being like an Applebee's where there's occasionally comedy. Right. Which is a lot of these clubs out there. Not a lot of them, but there's still, they still exist that model of like, hey, while hey, hey the host. By the way, when you, when you do everyone's birthdays after that, make sure you plug the, you know the queso dip. Yeah. Try the wings. Yeah. Yeah. I did a lot of those. Oh, me too. But Those are important for learning how to captivate someone's attention span. Yeah. you know, for comics, like learning how to run uphill And if you can't compete with a quesadilla, you know, he should probably hang it up. It's just, you know, it's a good way to maximize profit, but it's not a good way to put on a show. No. When I see comedy clubs and they have food, I'm like, why do you have food? Right. This is a dumb thing.


Also, when we got the Ritz, when we first looked at the place, it had a kitchen, Mitzi's bar used to be a kitchen for the Alamo draft house. Yeah. So we went in, there's fucking roaches, like cell phones running around there. Jesus And I was like, okay, this is what happens when you have food. Like you have roaches in your kitchen. Like we can't have roaches. Like we have No, you Don't want those. Yeah. I thought you guys were gonna put in like a pizza place when I first toured it with you way back in the day. You were talking about, We're talking about doing Next door. Next Door. Yeah. Where Olos Pizza is. Yeah. We're talking about doing that. But they don't wanna leave. Okay. I mean they're printing money right there now. They are. Yeah. You guys raised the property values in the neighborhood. Fucked up. I should have Bought it first. Yeah. I should have bought it when everybody was dying during the middle of the pandemic where everything was fucked.


But no, you know, we could have never imagined it was gonna work as good as it worked. you know, the whole, the plan was just, the plan was like to just see what happens and billed. But like from the opening night, it was just guns blazing. And then Dave Chappelle came like a couple of days after we opened and he's the first guy that ever performed on, well actually Shane opened for him. So Shane was the first guy that ever performed in the little room. Wow. And then Dave did a set there. Yeah. And we did that one. I just sold it off of Twitter. I said, we're having a special intimate show tonight at 1130. And it sold out. No one had any idea who it was. And then when they found out it was Dave, it was fucking pandemonium. And That was in little boy? That Was in the little boy. Yeah.


Oh my God. So he did the first set in the big room and he did a set after me. So they had no idea then either. And again, the club had just opened and, and everybody's cheering. I'm like, thank you. Actually the show's not over. We got one more comedian, ladies and gentlemen, one of the greatest of all time. Please welcome my friend Dave Chappell. And he goes out and then we just went fucking bananas. People's Heads exploded. Yeah. It was awesome. Yeah, They liquified. It Was awesome. So we, we like, from the beginning it was guns blazing. Then so many people started moving here and I'm like, wow. Okay. And then now we're at a point where I'm like, I think we need another club. Yeah. Carrying capacity might have been reached over there. It's mobbed every night. Yeah. So I'm like, I feel like we could get a club like down the street and you know, have an A and a B club.


Yes. you know, and, and just, it's all for all these young people. It's all about numbers. Like how many you need. Obviously you need to analyze your material, you need to write, but it's about getting on stage. That's one of the primary components that needs to be a part of this equation. Like you have to go on stage a lot Volume. Yeah. Yeah. And in a good environment you need the bad environments too. You need Shitty spots too. And you're gonna get plenty of those. There's a lot of that Around here. Yeah. I mean. God, I was just at this club this weekend, the Comedy vault and Batavia Great Club with the AC was broken. Oh no. So it's just like, and they were packed shows. Oh no. And people are just in there like dropping out. By the time I got up there, people were not stoked to still be in that room.


Yeah. And I'm just dripping sweat. I look like a ham in a window. Dude. The creek and the cave was like that when we first moved here. They had no ac. The AC was garbage. Yeah. And you'd be drenched with sweat on stage. Like T-shirt. Yeah. And now it's like 60 degrees in that room at all times. Yeah. They fixed it. Yeah. That's the way to do it. I mean like, Letterman always used to have his room like super, super cold. you know like the, the idea is that like warm makes people sleepy, but when they're a little uncomfortable, they're awake. You should Just put these at every table, man. Make it mandatory when they sit down. We Have people throw it up in the middle of the show. Yeah. Most people like, do not want that. Do you guys do check drop? I don't remember. No. No. That's the easiest thing a comedy club can do.


Get rid of check drop. Yeah. You we, we were doing it in the beginning and they were like arguing that we had to do it and it a different person running things. Yeah. but I was like, no we don't. Yeah. Like other clubs don't do it either. Well, it's gonna take more time then it takes more time and The show's better. Yeah. The show's better. The most important thing is that the show is like the best show we can put on. Right. That's what we're selling. Yeah. We're not selling a check drop. No So. like you'd be on stage in the last 10 minutes of your set. You'd hear all this mumbling And I didn't order that. One time A guy yelled out, bitch who said you could order Hot Wings. And I heard that when I was on stage. And I couldn't I? He buried me from the back of the room. I couldn't recover from that. That's Hilarious. Yeah. Bitch.


Who said you could order hot Waves? Yeah. The Denver Improv. I've never been to that one. Of course not. Comedy Works are so good though. Dude. The improv came and they said, Wendy, you've had it too good for too long. We're gonna put Comedy Works out of business. And Wendy's response was to open a second comedy club and now she has two A clubs in the improvs out there like barely surviving across from like a Toby Keith. I love this bar. What I was gonna say is there was a club that I, like when I, when Fear Factor had ended, they decided that I wasn't, even though I'd sold out like every show for like every time I had been there for years, they decided that I wasn't a draw anymore. So they tried to decrease my amount by 25%.


And I was like, what the fuck are you talking about? They're like, we don't think you're a draw anymore. I go, but I sold out a year ago when I was here. Like, what are you saying? And so I didn't work for them for like a year and a half. It is one of those big clubs. Yeah. Big companies that has a lot of clubs. Yeah. Yeah. you know what I'm, I think I know what you're saying. For a like more than a year and a half. I think it was like two years that I didn't work for them. I'm like, fuck you. Yeah. And then when everything was like really going great for me, then they finally came back and gave me great deals. But I'm like, you guys are retarded. Like this is so stupid. What are you doing? Why are you doing that to me? I'm keeping the lights on around here. Yeah. Like you, how many national headliners do you guys legitimately have? Right. And you're gonna alienate one of 'em just because you could think you could make 25% more money.


Yeah. And you're gonna sell out every ticket. They're not papering the room for Joe. Rogan did. It was sold out in advance already. Like to the point where I was already having to like tell them I don't wanna do radio. Yeah. Like don don't have to do fucking radio. if I was already sold out, that's the best feeling. Oh, I have a relationship with the radio station and they don like it when you come in. I'm like, I don't like it when I come in. don don't have to don don't wanna wake up at fucking five o'clock in the morning on Friday. Fuck Friday when I'm the least funny I've ever been at 6:00 AM And I gotta Go on there. And then I have to go back to sleep and wake up for the show. I'm gonna be all disoriented and fucked Up. Makes the shows worse. Terrible. I'm on there selling a product that is gonna be impaired because I'm on this radio show Also. Like this is around 2007. And by that time the ship had already sailed with radio.


Yeah. It was kind of already gone. It was then becoming more internet based promotion. Right. And then by time I mean, I guess now some people still have to do radio shows. And, I talk to these guys and some of 'em like go on stage. Hey, how many people heard me on the radio today? Like crickets. It's like a waste of your time. It's a total waste. but I think that it is like built into whatever relationship the radio station has with the club. And just quite recently I've had to not do radio any longer and it's, it feels good. Nice. It is nice. Well Dude, kill Tony's a fucking king maker dude. I had no idea. Isn't it Incredible? I was in Broads lava. There's people in Kill Tony t-shirts. It's nuts man. It's nuts. Have you been to one of the arena shows?


No, I haven't. Holy shit. Yeah. That's when you realize. Yeah. When you go into an arena show and they all sing along with like the Hans Kim song. Oh yeah. And they all know like everybody's like thing. And when William Montgomery comes out, they fucking go crazy and stand up. We like the black keys are huge. Kill Tony fans. Yeah. And they love William Montgomery. So when they were in town, they were doing my podcast. They were like, can we see William tonight? So I called William, I'm like, dude, the black keys love you and they want to see, he's like, wow. Oh hell. That's amazing. Oh yeah. That's so positive, Joe. I'd love to do a set. That'd be great. Yeah. Thank you Joe. Thank you. Black Keys. Ooh. Yeah, he's a, he's like a caricature of a human being.


He's But That's really him. Yeah. Have you ever hugged him? He started in Denver. Oh, okay. So I've known William forever. Yeah. You've known him forever. Yeah. His hugs are like, he might stab you like he's hugging you, like he's thinking about stabbing you, but he's controlling himself. Like what kind of a hug is this man? He is the most intense hug. He's like shaking. It's like you're calming a baby deer. Yeah. Yeah. He's crazy. The radio, when I met him first he was, he was like full on alcohol doing coke and everything. Oh yeah. I was like, this guy's wild. don don't know if he's gonna make it. But then when he came here, he had sobered up by the time he moved to Austin. And then once we got him off the notes, once we got him off the notes. Yeah. It's like, man, that guy just flourished.


He just became this thing. He's present now on stage. Yes. Yeah. So he would have the notes and then he would do kill Tony. And when he would do kill Tony, he would read off the notes. But then with the banter, the notes would be down. Then he'd start looking at the audience and like a menacing way looking at certain people and fucking yelling at 'em. Like I go, that's your key you. That's you. Your whole set. I'm like this, this notes thing is a crutch. Yeah. you know the jokes, just remember them. Just remember them and you'll get better at remembering 'em. And also now that you're not polluting your brain with booze and cocaine. Yeah. Your memory's better. Right. There you go buddy. He Used to do this bit in Denver where he had a neck brace on, but he would like wear it at all times to open mics and it was going well.


And then another comedian started doing a neck brace thing. No Way. Imagine us stealing a disability joke. It was crazy. I remember being a comedy works on a Tuesday and being like, she's doing the neck brace thing. And Williams was a girl's. Like she, she's nice. Yeah. It was a girl. Oh my God. That's hilarious. Yeah, man. Does, did she actually have something wrong with her neck? Which would be ironic. I don't like you had to do the neck brace thing. I Don't think she did. Oh my God. She faked it. I don't, don don't wanna say she faked it, but I don't think it was as necessary as she made it out to be. Mm. Yeah. That's a weird one man. you know what's weird? People that wear glasses that don't have vision problems, I hate them. They're stealing valor. I was Thinking about that one. Yeah. you know, because you have to have 'em.


I'm so blind without these. What is, with people with clear lenses, like what is that about? It shapes their face is what they say. It's an accessory. So they'll have like a big fat face. So they'll wear big glasses or they have like a mouse face. So they wear little glasses. but I really don't trust those people. Very odd. Yeah. It's a very odd choice. It's like having a prosthetic leg attached when you have both your feet. Yeah. I remember I met a guy and he, he had those on, he was a comic. And. I go, why do you wear those? And he goes, girls think you're smarter. I go, really? Yeah. The dumbest girls Who are these girls? Yeah. They think you're smarter 'cause you can't see good. Yeah. If the glasses are doing it, just shake keys at one of them. That'll probably work too.


Well I guess the stereotype at one point in time was that you ruined your eyes by spending too much time looking at a close surface. like a close object. Which is what happens. Which is why cell phones are very bad for your eyes. So bad for us. So. like the idea was this guy reads so much, I see that his eyes suck. He crippled his eyes. Yeah. With his lust for knowledge. Okay. So ask me that. Answer me this question. Why do I think it's hot when I see girls in glasses? Because They do I do too man. Why? Because They do this. Oh That's right. They take the glasses off, they Flick their hair back before They do. That chick is the best Bro. First of all. I just saw an interview with her. Yeah.


She, she got on stage at the Zach Bryant show and she sang with them, you know, at the end he sings revival and he has people come on stage sing with them. It's a great fucking show. He puts on an amazing show. So he brought her out there. Yeah. And she yells out Hawk too to the whole crowd. They like, like who the fuck would've ever thought that would've happened? I don't know. She just looks like the classic like, you know American eight. Yeah. Where it's like I have a chance with her and she seems fun and she loves sucking dick. It's like, of course. Great personality. Course she captured the zeitgeist. Yeah. She's funny. you know, like even the way she says it, you get me. Yeah. Like the way she says it. We understand. Yeah. We get you communicated.


She's only 21. Yeah. I was watching an interview with her. She's only 21. She wasn't a school teacher. All that shit that people said she got fired from being Nope. She's too young to be a teacher. She's 21. And you know, she wasn't a bartender. All that stuff's bullshit. Just a young girl who was just on the streets in Nor it was Nashville. Nashville. I think so. And just went viral. Yeah. And the most weird but I love that. We live in a time where that happens. Like it's such a strange time. I'm sure she'll be stealing club weekends from me in no time. Here's something that should go viral. Jamie, pull up that guy that I tweeted. 'cause people think I was making fun of this guy. Which I kind of am. But also it is a catchy tune.


you know, there's a lot of people, lemme just say this. There's a lot of people that I feel lean into certain things because they think it's marketable. you know, like when that Sam Smith guy dresses up like Satan. Start that for the beginning please. This fucking guy whoa. Is on stage at a like a pride thing. But here's what, here's what's important. How'd You get this footage of me, Joe? I have eyes everywhere. Here's what's important. The fucking dude is talented. Yeah. It's ridiculous that he's got a G-string on and he's fat and he's wearing a, a biker helmet on and he's got queer tattooed across his belly. But listen to him rap.


Listen to this. Oh shit. How it's not playing through. Damn Action. Bronson put the weight back on. Huh? He Did put the weight back on a little bit. Unfortunately he was on the pocket. We've all, He's good, right? He's entertaining. Like one of the lines was, let me fill your hole with semen.


I'm pretty sure that's the only thing that I could get out of all that. Like, like the little dance. But it's just the flow. His flow I mean everybody's freaking out about it. Oh, the end of the world. Listen, that's a grown man out there swinging dick for other grown men. Yeah. And they're They're having a good time. They're Having a consensual. Yeah. Yeah. He's having a good time. People like it. But my point is like, that's that guy. He's got queer tattooed across his stomach. He's not, he's not fucking cosplaying. It's not Performing. Yeah, That's, that's who he is. He's being pure but he's fucking talented. Yeah. Like that rat. Like the flow is good. Like it's fucking good Man. Also, if you go to a show, don't you want that guy leading the band? Hell you know. Hell yeah. That's a blast. That's fat. Gigi Allen who will suck you off.


Yeah. I'd love that guy to open up a show. He should open up fully loaded. That's what he Should do. Him and Jelly Roll Bur Bert's fucking buddies in the old Hey Bert's crowd. Just have that guy go out there first And then Bert would come out in the exact same outfit. Yes. Yeah. With the machine tattooed on his belly. Yes. Yes. It's Great. Yes. With the fucking biker hat on. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I'm all for that stuff. Me too. I like freaks. I love freaks. I like freaks of all I mean, here's the thing, like a lot of people are upset about the Pride Parade because they're like, oh, they're doing the Pride parade and they're doing it in front of all these children. Hey, don't bring your kids to a fucking pride parade.


Right? I know, I know. You want your kids to be tolerant. That him. Oh, simply marvelous. Chris Condi queer conscious rapper. Is that him? Boy, it looks a lot like him. Oh, those are different tattoos I think. No, he's queer in his belly. That's him. He's based in Austin. It says, oh Hell Yeah dude. Oh hey fella. Whoa. He has a song called American Faggot. Well there you go. That's Hard as hell. Yeah. That's just talented. Yeah. That probably was in Austin then. Oh for Sure. Yeah. It looked like it was at a farmer's market based on the crowd. So. like There's this thing that people are saying about like the the Pride parade. 'cause all these people are walking around naked at the San Francisco Pride Parade and so they were interviewing these people and they have their dicks out. Yeah.


Listen, if you don't want your kids to see gay guys being sexual, that's what Pride Parade is. Yeah. It's not like a bunch of 40-year-old gay engineers holding hands. Like married guys who are just holding hands like, Hey we're each Other kisses. Yeah. It's different than anything else. Like any other kind of pride thing. 'cause it's not just like we just happen to be gay. It's overtly sexual. Always. It's guys with fucking ball gags. Yeah. And dog leashes and Pissing on each other. Yeah. It's not, it's nuts. Like I'm not against it at all. But you can't complain that that's happening because you brought your kids. You can't take your kids to the cage fight and complain about violence.


Exactly. Don't take your kids to pride and complain about the gays. Yeah. They're having a blast too. They have a good time. Yeah. I used to do a bit about how like I would always want, I would always think, am I exaggerating about like the, the gay neighborhood, like in LA they have Boystown in Santa and it's, it's so crazy. Like I always always say to myself like, maybe I'm exaggerating. Maybe I need to drive through again. So every now and then I would take the right turn and then go down Santa Monica Boulevard and head towards the ocean. Yeah. And it's five blocks of no one saying no. It's just wild madness. It's dudes at cowboy hats and G-string on poles. Guys making out in the middle of the street and humping each other.


It's crazy. Having the time of their life. Having the time of their life. Yeah. All yang. No yin and no one can get pregnant. I'm all For it. Yeah, you wrestle. But everyone wins. Well Also those guys have their own neighborhood. The difference between the gays and lesbians unfortunately never developed us. 'cause I have a theory, I think that straight men find out that lesbians move next door and they go, I'm an ally. And then they, they become their neighbors. I see. Whereas like straight men never move into a gay neighborhood Very rarely. Yeah. You can't like the property values straight up a gay neighborhood. No, but they've figured out a way to make like a whole area all gay. Yeah. Like only gay guys can do that. It's admirable. It's Probably, it's great. It's wild. But it's just wild that they can pull it off in almost every city.


Well and also they can go into places and then they gentrify these places on the margins of the city. And the next thing you know, all the houses are worth so much money because they invest so much in their properties. They invest so much in their property, make things more safe. And they keep a lot of people from moving there. Oh yeah. It's a good move. If you could tolerate a lot of techno and dudes walking around on Molly. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Fucking live there. But also offering you Molly typically. Yeah. They're very generous people. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. When I was a kid I lived in San Francisco, so I lived in San Francisco from age seven to 11. Yeah. So I lived in a fully gay neighborhood and Yeah. The city of San Francisco. Yeah. But it was a, we were in Haight Ashbury, like that area. Whoa. We were, we were right off of Lombard Street.


Yeah. We were in there in like the mix of the whole thing. Like I could walk to Fisherman's Wharf from my house. Yeah. And so my neighbors were gay and my aunt used to, they, she would smoke pot with these gay guys and they would get naked and play the bongos and they'd be like, oh, she's over there playing the bongos with the gay guys. It's like, okay. Like it was so normal to me. Yeah. That it wasn't until I moved to Florida that I even realized that people were homophobic. Right. And that was when I was 11. Like I have no idea that people had a problem with gay people. I mean it was just normal for you as a boy to understand that your aunt had these gay friends. Yeah. And it wasn't made strange or they weren't othered, you know? No. There were just normal guys who just happened to be gay. Yeah. And they were everywhere too.


So it's like it became normal because you just saw them everywhere. There was guys holding hands everywhere. This was San Francisco in the 1970s. Yeah. That's like kind of what you want. Right. It's acceptance. I want people to, yeah. I want people to be themselves. I Want liberty and freedom for all. Yeah. That's real freedom. You want America to be this fucking land of the free home of the brave. you know how fucking brave you have to be to be holding hands with a dude and walk down a major street. Yeah. What are the possibilities of running into homophobes? It's pretty fucking high for sure. Pretty, pretty sure. Like if you're gonna walk down any major metropolitan, like for any like three or four block stretch, the odds you running into a homophobe is very high. Yeah. Someone's gonna be violently angry that you love another man.


Right. Yeah. I think that the young people now, they want to be homophobic, but I think that most like 18 to 23-year-old dudes have probably sucked a dick or had their dick sucked by a fella. Really? don don't know. I'd, I'd, I'd venture to guess They're They do you Think is happening today? I, Well It's a mist they pump into the classrooms. It's like the gay bomb they tried in Iraq. Do you know about that story? No. Oh my god. You don't know that? No. Oh my God. What? The United States spent millions of dollars trying to develop a gay bomb. Wow. And so it's based on this hormone and this chemical. And they would detonate it above a city and apparently it'd make men so Randy that they wind up fucking each other and it would demoralize them.


This was the supposed idea. No way. Yeah. This is how goofy our fucking government is not knowing anything about the Spartans who are gay as fuck with like the one of the greatest armies the world has ever known. Yeah. They could comfort Each Other. They were so gay. Yeah. Not just that, but when you fought next to someone and they were your friend. Yeah. That was one thing. I see. But if it was your lover, you would protect them to the death. That's so smart. Yeah, man. Well they just also, I think people were just gay then. I think people back before they realized like, hey, you probably shouldn't fuck kids. They just fucked everything. Yeah. you know? Yeah. And then people, the kids started writing down and once my uncle fucked me, all life was downhill. And you read that like, oh that's probably stop fucking kids. It like took forever before they figured that out.


Because if you, like, if you think about it like Aristotle, Plato, Socrates, you go back in time. All those guys had like young boy lovers. Yeah. Yeah. It was just accepted and it was like part of passing your philosophy forward. Bizarre. Because you would take an apprentice. Yeah. And he'd also fuck his thighs from behind. But then he would tell the world your story. Yeah. That was totally normal. He was fucking writing everything you were saying he was dictating. Yeah. And DIC tasting. Yeah. But there was like that thing with like the, the philosophers, some of them thought that it was low minded to actually have sex with the children's butts. So they would just bang their thighs from behind. And that was like low minded. Cool. Yeah. Interesting. Yeah, I think so. So They just titty fucked their thighs. Exactly. Yeah. That's a good Move.


It's a real soft part of a body. Yeah. You don't get that hurt from it. you know? It's like, I wish that didn't happen, but at least it didn't fuck my butt hole. It still tight as a drum. Yeah. It didn't make me walk around uncomfortable. Like, what the fuck did he do to me? Yeah. don don't have to use a diaper now You just feel weird. Like, oh, that guy just jizzed all over my thighs. Yeah, whatever. Whatever Whatcha gonna do. At least I know about geometry now, Bro. They didn't know any better. Yeah. Isn't that crazy? Like, but just think about how much murder took place back then. Like if you got to be our age back then, if you got to be, let's just say you got to be 30, how many people do you think you saw get murdered? Probably dozens. Yeah. You probably saw people get murdered all the time Over very small things.


Over almost nothing. Yeah. Yeah. Disrespect I mean, look, when this country was founded, one of our presidents, forget which one engaged in a dual while he was president. I think Andrew Jackson do a lot of people. Was it Jackson? Yeah. That was like his whole thing. He doesn't Like to shoot at people. Yeah. From 10 paces. Just the dumbest fucking thing to they have you hate someone, you don't like him. Why don't you guys agree to fight or something? Right. Why you got dues so dumb with Pistols that Yeah. Many people think Andrew Jackson fought hundreds of duels. He did have a temper. He was challenged and he was challenged. Challenged others several times. But only one dual resulted in shots fired in 1806 where he killed Charles Dickinson.


That's good. He was a terrible shot. How far away did he shoot people from? Well those guns suck too. Yeah. I mean they're shooting people with muskets. Right. And it shot like a marble. Yeah. It shot a ball of lead and not very accurate either. And you probably didn't die every time. No. You could take one of those. You're fine. Yeah. You can take one in the shoulder. Yeah. Especially if they're not accurate. Oh yeah. But a lot of guys were probably crippled from them. Oh for sure. 'cause it would crack your bone. Yeah. It would like hit the bone and bend it in half and then that was, And then they never knew how to fix bones back Then. Yeah. They'd just have to chop it Off. And. I. They probably didn't even know how to get the lead out. No, that's a good point. I be lead poisoning. Get deep in There and just stays in there. Yeah. Ugh, ugh. Ugh. I would, you should have the door guys dual for state time with period type guns, you know?


Right. They just paintball guns. Yeah. Did you ever see that scene in the, that Mel Gibson movie, the Patriot where the guy gets hit in the face with a cannonball? Oh Yeah. Yo, that's rough. Where Napoleon, where that horse gets exploded with a cannonball. Oh yeah. Like the first three Minutes. I didn't see Napoleon, but I heard about that. The first three minutes is all you have to see really? Because you see, well, yeah, you see a horse take a cannonball in the chest and then the rest of it's just like him sipping for someone. Oh yeah. I heard he was, they cued him out. It wasn't the best movie. Mm. It was pretty, it was like a lush film. What A waste of Joaquin Phoenix. Yeah. He's The man. you know? That guy's so good. He's so, he scared the shit outta me in the Joker. Of course. I was like, oh my God. And then the riots happened like a year later. Yeah, I know. I was like, oh my God.


Predictive programming. Are we responsible for this? Yeah. don don't Wanna sidetrack too far. But this is saying that duals back then were not exactly what we think they might have Been. Oh Yeah. It's more of a test to Courage. It says people didn't just take 10 steps and shoot as quickly as possible. Most of the time people would stand and fire their guns in the air, purposely missed their opponent. Making a dual, more or less a test about courage. However, there are plenty of real life examples where people would try to kill each other in a dual. For example, Hamilton and Burr, people involved in duals also chose seconds or people to accompany them to the dual to make sure it was legitimate. Oftentimes the seconds found themselves acting as peacemakers in a dual, making sure if shots were fired, they weren't fired at other people.


Hmm. So it was a lot of bl playing chicken, I guess. I Think so. Making them flinch Occasionally they shot each other. Yeah. What the Fuck They probably had, John Wick was like that at the end. Right? Didn't that guy try to get like a Spoiler? John? Spoiler alert. John Wick pretended he shot, but he didn't. I held this bullet. I was seeing the other take A shot guy. Didn't the other guy want to get a replacement or something so John Wick wouldn't kill him? Oh Yeah. On the steps of Mo Martin m The the, the last one. you know, as much as I love those guys, the last one was just so cartoony. It's so hard to take seriously. I'm okay with it. You turn your brain off. And. I love the first one. The first one's the best one from the, because the first one, all the motivations are clear. Oh my God, they stole his car and killed his puppy. Let's go.


Let's do it. And then they build this world of like the continental and stuff, which was cool. There was lore. I like those movies are the best. Yeah. You See Fiosa? No. What is Fiosa The new Mad Max? No, I haven't seen it, bro. Is it great? You need to treat yourself. Really? Did you see the first, the most recent Mad Max before this? Yes. Remember how great it was? Yes. And you left the theater going movies are the best. Yeah. It's that again. Really? But they figured out how to do war for it with like a, with like kites and stuff as well. Oh yeah. Dude, it's so good. Nice. Okay. I'm in The whole Movie was Storyboarded too, so it looks like a graphic novel. Ooh. Yeah. It's like the best graphic novel I've ever seen. Oh, no kidding. It's A movie. I haven't heard anything about it. It's so badass, Dude.


Yeah. I think there's too much content today for sure. It's very difficult for people to pay attention to everything. Right. But there's very few movies that are like actually something you need to see in the theater. Right. And I. Think this is one of those things. Our Dune two is one of Those. Yeah. If you can stay awake. Oh really? I took so many edibles, went to Dune two. I didn't make it past the previews, man. I like ate all my Reese's pieces and then was just zonked and my wife's punching me in the stomach. Oh no. That's the Worst. Yeah, dude. Well you get in them comfy chairs like Opolis. Yeah. you know the way you lean back and it's got the cup holder there, you're like, ah. You find yourself Snoring. Yeah. And you can vape in there. Now you have your weed pen. Oh really? You can vape in There. I mean you can't vape in there. But you can vape in there. Yeah, you can. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just like smoking livero in and trying to stay alive.


Oh, that's hilarious. I love movie theaters. Yeah. Movie theaters are great, especially for a comedy. Oh yeah. Because it really is like the, the thing about comedy clubs, like last night I went to see Kill Tony. you know, I, I like watching shows now more than I ever have before. 'cause I don't Interesting. You don't get a chance to do that when you're performing a lot. You watch your friend do a set, but I sat watched a show. Yeah. you know, and I've done that a bunch lately. Watch a show and it makes you appreciate it from an audience's perspective. Yeah. 'cause I think we get too wrapped up in you. Like I think it's good to see it the other way too. See it as an audience member. Just like, just get a different perspective on what you're doing up there too. And how it feels to be in the audience.


Yeah. Just, just to inform yourself. That's valuable. Yeah. And also that show's perfect because you're not worried about like maybe someone's bit worming its way into your brain. Right. And then you Robin Williams it later. Yeah. you know what I mean? That's why Norton doesn't watch standup. Tell Me. I can't watch it either. Really? Yeah, because like when you riff a lot, when you're, you know, which I like improvising a lot on stage. Every now and then you'll tell someone's joke and then it's that moment where you're like, I'll like ask my feature. Like is that someone's bit? Right. you know, because you don't wanna be that guy. Right. you know? Yeah. That definitely can happen. Yeah. you know. you know. But the thing is, it's like integrity. Like does it happen on purpose? Does it just happen? If it just happens? Maybe you should figure out why.


Maybe work on some something for your memory or think about, or maybe just don't leap to the problem is some ideas that you don't steal almost feel stolen. I know. Because this is the problem with creativity. Because this is the concept of the muse, right? That these ideas are just given to you by like the gods. And it kind of feels like that sometimes. Like some bits they'll, they'll arrive in your mind with a setup and a punchline. Sacred Knowledge. Yeah. It, there's something going on there. I know. I don't know what it is. I don't, I have a bizarre theory that ideas are actually a life form. You think that they're energy, I don't know what the word energy means. Like the word energy means electricity, but also means diesel energy engines.


you know, it means, it means a lot of things. Like what, what do you get energy from? You get energy from the sun. You get Yeah. It's energy. Sure. but I think it makes stuff. Every, everything you see on this table came from an idea. Yeah. It's like ideas get into our minds and then we make cars or we make planes or we make computers and then ideas they build on each other. You have to have all these other people's ideas and you pull those ideas together and create a new invention. I think they're a life form. I think they're a way that they force creative apes to manifest physical things into dimension As if there's like individual particles. That might be an idea. There's like an atom that's imbued with an idea.


Yeah. Or a bit. And somehow that gets into you. I think the muse is a real thing. Yeah. And, I think it's, the more time you spend thinking you can kind of hear those calls, the more time you spend alone writing and thinking and working on stuff, you hear those calls and those calls like from the ether, from wherever the fuck it's coming from. Those make their way onto your page. And then there's real work involved too, where you're analyzing it. Okay, how can I make that better? Maybe it's setup's too long. Maybe it's too like maybe I should toss it and just readdress. Like I'll do that sometimes where I'll take a a premise and it just, some of 'em just feel clunky, you know, like you're trying to work it out but they don't necessarily feel right.


And you're getting kind of laughs but then you're doing it the same way over and over and over again. And Then that like ex that that wonder that you had when the bit is new dies that you're just repeating something. Exactly. And you can see the crowd lose interest in it. Yeah. You're not connected to it, so why would they be? Right. So then sometimes with those kind of things, I will just throw it aside and rewrite the joke just on the premise. So instead of using all the setup at the punchline, I'll say there's gotta be another way to address this, this topic. Like, lemme see. So that I think is like real work. That's real work where you are thinking and you're analyzing. But the ideas themselves is like, the structure of all comedy is an idea. The structure of all comedy is like something comes to you.


There's a thought where you either you see something and it's preposterous or you hear something, it's ridiculous or you know, there's something. So, so, so there's some, and that's the framework. And then upon that you build a bit. Right. It's like that's the, the framing of the house. You Have the germ. Yeah. And you have to water it. Exactly. Make sure it gets enough sunlight. Exactly. And then see which soils it grows better in. That's why like, there's a type of stealing that's like in very insidious stealing. 'cause they steal premises, like they'll heal. You're, you'll do a bit about, you know, getting your oil changed or something, whatever. Or maybe something more obscure. Right. You, they'll do a bit about someone buying you fitted socks or whatever the fuck it is.


Yeah. And then someone will, I think I can write something on that too. Right? I can do it Better. I can just kind of just, I'm not stealing the punchline. Exactly. So it's not stealing. I'm just kinda twisting around this person's premise and Yeah. Have you ever heard Tom Waits talk about the Muse? No. He, so he thinks the muse is like a real thing. Like you're talking about, it's like a vibe for lack of a better term. So there's all these stories about Tom wait, sitting in front of his piano for like 10 hours a day just screaming. Being like, alright, you bitch, I'm here. I'm ready to do the work. Wow. I'm in front of the piano. Let's go. Give me what I need. I'm into the work right now, just like hammering on the piano and yelling at the muse. Trying to like enchant it and bring it to him as he's like, just like literally making insane discordant noise and then outta nowhere some chords fit together and then he has a song.


Mm. Yeah. It's, it's just so hard to know. Right. It's so hard to know what's going on. Yeah. But you can't write a book unless you're in front of the typewriter. Right. You can't write a song unless you're in front of the keyboard. All these guys are like, how do you write a book? It's like you have to be at the station where you do the work. Yeah. You can't just sit there and be like, oh man, I'm gonna write a book one day. Exactly. No sweat over the keys until you have a thousand words or whatever you need for that day to be done. 'cause everyone wants to talk about like, oh, I wanna write this book. And it's like you telling me you wanna write a book just set you back six months. Yeah. Because you get the same hit of adrenaline and dopamine by telling someone your idea as actually like accomplishing that thing. Mm. Yeah. I think that's very dangerous to tell people you're doing stuff when you're not actually doing it.


I've talked about it too many times, but Have you ever read Pressfield's War of Art? No, I have not. Oh, We have a copy of it for you then. I'd love to. He sent us a box on, 'cause I used to give it to comics when they would, or, or any kind of creative person when they came on the podcast. But Pressfield wrote this book and he talks about the muse as it's as if it's a real thing. Yeah. Pressfield was kind of like a narrow duwell until he was like 40. He kind of like, was like half-assing it until he was 40. And then somewhere along the line he realized that it's just about being a professional. Mm. And like showing up. Yeah. And so he started addressing the muse as a real thing. Yeah. And then he wrote the Legend of Bagger Vance. And he wrote like some I see. Great screenplays and books and Yeah.


And just became like very prolific. Well, It's like we have, we always count on inspiration to come into our lives, but if you can kind of like create a situation where that inspiration is more easily available to you, whatever that is, it's playing your music, it's drinking coffee, like however you can, like try and harness that ethereal thing that is inspiration. I think you can be a better creative and like you said, become more professional in creating. Yeah. There's also different ways that ideas come. Right? Like one of the things that Stephen King would do, a lot of people would do this, is they would write and then they would go for a walk. Yeah. So while you, you wrote everything and now let's go for a walk and just think about what you wrote.


Right. And he would have a little recorder and he would talk into it. Yeah. I've heard a bunch of writers say, They do this. Yeah. That's, that was a big thing for me when I wrote my book was to write and then go on a walk and maybe smoke a little weed. And then you see it all differently and you can come back and realize what was bullshit and like what was a complete waste of time. Mm. Right. And then go back in and try and address that. And then also grow the things that were like a little idea, but then you can expand upon them. Mm. And it's literally just not being in front of the computer. It's your eyes. Seeing real light, I think is a big part of it. Because I have to write like at my desk in my computer, but then as soon as you get outside you're like, oh, that's how light hits a tree at this time of day. Or like, that's actually lavender. I was talking about lilac.


There's just all these little things that are I mean romantic for sure, but also very applicable and concrete ways to your art. Mm. Yeah. I think it's also getting out makes your blood pump. Oh, for sure. you know, it's walking around. I think there's, the thing about walking is it's a very low level cardio. So. like your heart is pumping, you're moving your body, but it's not exertion. So you're not, because like when you're really tired, you can't, like if somebody got you on an Airdyne bike and they start asking you questions, you have a morons brain. Right. You have like 10% of your brain capacity. If you had to do an IQ test, if I had, if I had to do an IQ test when I was on a, a, like a Versa climber. Yeah. I, you know, it's probably 10.


My IQs 10. you know, You're as smart as the Versa climber. You can't Think, can't fucking tired. So you don't want to be tired when you're thinking things. But you also wanna be a little bit energized. And there's something about walking that just sort of, because the heart is not beating, you know, 60 beats a minute now. It might be beating 75 or 80 or just a little extra, just a little something. So where you're walking around, you get that flow going through you. Yeah. Swimming's good for that too. But you get swimming's nice. Yeah. You get in the pool and all of a sudden everything is changed. You have a complete different perspective and you're just in there doing your laps. Or even if you're just like floating, like when I was in Vegas, I had to swim because you can't walk around outside.


Oh right. So I'd just be in the pool. And I, remember there was this big fat dude and he was like, Hey man, you're putting in the work man. And I was like, thanks bro. And he's like, just keep doing it man. This is good for you. And then he got outta the pool and he had a giant swastika tattoo on his back. Oh my God. That's hilarious. He Was my pool buddy though. He was, he was encouraging me. Maybe He did time. I think so. He was trying to survive. They Probably did that to him while they were fucking him. That's Not all they, that wasn't just his thighs. He wasn't receiving platonic knowledge. Yeah. They're, they're not being nice to you when they fuck you in jail. I heard. I don't think so. Especially when they put a swastika on your back. Maybe that helped them come like, we make it quicker. if I can just put a swastika on your back.


It's hard to come, bro. You got a big stupid hairy ass. Yeah. But if I could put a swastika on your back, I think I'd just nut immediately. Give me a target, man. Yeah. Maybe he like made a deal with them. Okay. Alright. Sure. Okay. Is that really what's gonna help make this quicker? He was good in the water. He was like a seal. He's probably so happy to be in the water. He never had water in jail. You Can't get fucked in the ass in water. True. Yeah. It'd be very hard. Especially in deep water. Yeah. Like, yeah. I mean good luck. Like There's that, how Could you even be hard? What was that like that boat during I think the Pacific Theater of World War ii. Mm. That like, they sank it and then they were in these shark infested waters and they just kept getting picked off.


Like you'd be floating with your buddy and then all of a sudden he would just disappear forever. Well, I heard on a podcast that also there was a feverish homosexuality. Whoa. So dudes would be like on a plank of wood and just savage each other. 'cause they like, yeah. And I. Don't remember why it was, but there was all these accounts of like, dudes butt fucking raping each other on these like little planks of wood while other people were like bleeding out in the water and like their flesh is coming off from salt water and shit. Yeah. I think I heard that on the last podcast on the left. See if you can find anything on that. Yeah. I was already looking before he finished Talking. Oh yeah. He's got a lot of butt fucking windows open over there.


Butt fucking won. Get eaten by sharks. Yeah. Wow. I guess which one's worse? I guess if you were in that sort of scenario, and especially for long periods of time, your mind just must be so overwhelmed with anxiety and fear and then acceptance and then sadness. You're watching people around you getting killed. Yeah. The, the, the morbid fucking, the tissue floating in the water, whatever's left of your friends. And also like, if someone's bleeding, you get as far away from them as possible. 'cause the sharks are gonna eat them. Oh. It's probably just your brain trying to protect yourself. So it just reverts back to like your very semi and part of yourself, which is like, hold someone down, overpower them, it just fuck 'em and get it out.


You draft. Yeah. And all the other people, they're gonna die too. Yeah. Right. Yeah. We, we watched you. Fuck Harry. Why'd you do that? Harry said stop. And you kept going, Hey, Why I yada, I thought we were all gonna die. Yeah. I didn't think anyone would be able to tell this story. Sorry bro. This The 1940s, meanwhile made it to a podcast in 2024. Wow. We're not naming names. Not na. No, we don't know any names. I would gladly if I Did, I would if I knew them. Yeah. I'd named their names. Yeah. Where's their plaque? This guy buttfuck a bunch of people. How About the guy who got Buttfuck? Right. Not only did he watch all his friends get eaten by sharks, he also got buttfuck. He got a Purple heart and a purple sleeve and He's like, don't worry about it. We're all gonna be dead an hour or two. Take me. And then they get rescued. They're Just some tattooing swastikas on him.


And then when they get rescued, that guy who we buttfuck, Hey, what about what happened on the fucking raft? Dude, sorry man. Lost my mind. So LA Times I think this, I didn't catch the ear, but there You go. Okay. As the Indianapolis sailor struggled in the water, there was bravery and self-sacrifice all vividly detailed by Vincent and Vladi. There was also violence, cannibalism, and even sexual attacks in the water that dead outnumbered. The living men continued to expire so quickly. It became almost impossible to move around without having to shoulder through shoals of corpses. Jesus. Holy fuck. And then the sharks, one moment they behaved like gentle and curious giants moving up close to inspect the men with black un blinking eyes.


The next moment they attacked their steel Trapped jaw snuffing out a man's life before he could draw a breath to scream. Yeah. That's all I was gonna say. I guess it's making you pop up. I'm not interested. You fucks I don't See anything else though. What, what? So the sexual attacks, I guess that's all this was. That's it. Just a mere mention. You think The LA Times would want to get involved in the more lured details? Yeah. You sell a subscription, You guys need to sell some subscriptions. Yeah. Yeah. They apparently just let a bunch of people go. I would not want to be a fucking reporter right now. No, but there's good journalism going on. Oh Yeah, yeah. But of it's independent. That Whitney Webb character, She's a character. She's Cool. Yeah. That lady knows a lot. And don don't know how she knows it all. But God, I'd be afraid if I were her.


Oh Yeah. They're gonna disappear her pretty Quick. I think she lives in another country, doesn't She? Yeah, I think so. Yeah. I watched her on a bunch of shows. I watched her on Patrick Beda. I watched her on, I think she was on Jimmy Do Show a few times. She's, she knows a lot, Man. I think Tim's got a direct line to her. That's a wild thing to like be focusing on the evil, like oligarchs and Oh yeah. People in power of the world and how they've twisted everything. Yeah. Throughout history. Like you make yourself a real target. The bloodlines. Oh yeah. All that shit. Yeah. The bloodline stuff is wild. It is. That's really wild. Tim like called her when we were in Europe. I was opening for him in April over there. And he really wanted to go to St.


Petersburg, Russia to eat a meal at Go Goal, which is like the best restaurant in the world, allegedly. Oh really? So he called her, he called Tucker Carlson, like trying to figure out how to get into Russia. He even went to the State Department and they were like, no. And he was like, I'll be there for three hours. Come on, let us eat dinner. We'll be fine. You can watch this the whole time. It'll be good. I'd snatch him up. I Think he'd be compromised. And then I'd be the other guy. Yeah. They just think I was a fat prostitute. I let his SWAs On his back. Exactly. Tim Dylan and his cu boy arrested in St. Petersburg. Tim would be so embarrassed. I'm not his type at all. At all. That's hilarious. Yeah, man. That's hilarious. Yeah, he's a wild boy. He would want to go to Russia to eat.


That's so crazy. And hey, I was all for it, dude. I was like, yeah, let's Go. Yeah. You can't go over there. No, no. We, we are, we just signed a 10 year contract to supply them with weapons to supply Ukraine with weapons for the next 10 years. Yeah. I think this whole thing is, it's terrifying to watch, but it's also a very clear money grab. Yeah. There's so much money going over there and there's so much money we, we continue to send and it's just like, how is this okay with everybody? I don know. How is anybody letting this happen? Yeah. I mean the taxpayers are really holding the bag on it too. you know, Dave Smith Had a wild suggestion. What was that?


He was on, He's full of those. He is. He was, he was doing a debate about, about Russia and Ukraine and he said one of the ways to incentivize Russia to stop, to stop attacking Ukraine is if we left nato. Whoa. Not only did, should we say that Ukraine's not gonna join nato, but we're gonna leave nato. And I was like, whoa. What would be the repercussions of that though? Who fucking knows? We would just be aware. Well Look at the repercussions of being a part of it. Sure. Look at the repercussions of what's going on right now. Because you know, Dave is the best at explaining and he'll credit Scott Horton and a lot of other people. But Dave is really good at recalling information, explaining how the whole red line with Putin was Ukraine joining nato.


That was, they always knew that. And they kept moving NATO based company countries. They kept moving weapons closer and closer to Russia. Like the whole thing was like, they're baiting him to do this. I just, I just get so suspicious of military activity because I know that the, there's, there's always gonna be bad people in the world that you have to send good people to go fight. That's always gonna be the case. Right. The clearest, most pure version of that for us is always World War ii. Right. Good. The Nazis, we go over there and kill the Nazis. The whole United States, you know, gets together and then when it's over, there's that sailor kissing that girl. Right. you know, when he, and it's like, hey, this is why people sacrifice.


Yeah. And this is why this America is so amazing this country. But that's not real. That's only one exam most of the time. It's people figuring out a way to get defense contracts. you know, or There's some cool resources that just so happen to be right there. It just Happens to be a lot of lithium in the area. Yeah. Yeah. It's very convenient that they need democracy right now. Yeah. That's the, and the same people that are telling you that Joe Biden's fine. That's how things get done. Like that is like whether or not Joe Biden, you know, should be president, not president. Let's put that aside for a second, folks. Yeah. Everybody knows there's something wrong. Right. The people that are telling you there's not something wrong. The reason why they think they can do that is They do that with everything.


Yeah. They do that with Venezuela. They do that with Yemen. They do that with Ukraine. They do that with everything they bullshit and gaslight, depending on what the narrative is. They're Very creative with what facts And the facts change over time. And they're not really, sometimes they don't even know. Like one, one of the more interesting exchanges about the Ukraine war was with of all people Candace Owens. So Candace Owens was talking about how corrupt, corrupt Ukraine was. So someone sends her a message from the New York Times, what evidence do you have that Ukraine is corrupt? And she said, your own fucking newspaper.


And she sends them all these articles that were written previous to 2017. Yeah. About rampant corruption in Ukraine. About Ukraine. It's like one of the most corrupt countries. Before The narrative changed. Yeah, Yeah. Before the narrative changed. Yeah. And now all of a sudden everyone has a Ukraine flag. Damn. Like Yeah. Ukraine should not have been invaded. Yeah. It's all fucked up. It's horrible. Hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians, they don't even know what the real number is. Are probably dead. Yeah. Horrible. But also that was a corrupt country. Like, just because horrible things are done to them. It's not justifying those horrible things. Yeah. But you can't pretend that Ukraine has always been this amazing country just because now we're supposed to support them. Right. 'cause Russia did a horrible thing.


Yeah. You gotta tell the fucking truth. That's what being a journalist is. We're not babies, but they treat us like babies. Oh my God. They coddle us so much. Oh, It's so well, the whole thing during the pandemic, you can't tell people about other things or about adverse reactions to vaccines because then it causes vaccine hesitancy. Oh, you mean an informed opinion. Right. Are you fucking trying to stop informed opinions? And a lot of them from like professors at Stanford and Harvard, this is bananas. Right. And then there's like, it's condescending. Exactly. You're talking down to these people that you're trying to get onto your side. Exactly. And a lot of them, if they're smart, will be like, come on, I'm not a baby. Yeah. It's, it's a fucking annoying. And the, the, the people that are doing it right now about Biden that are telling you how you should vote, even though you know he's impaired, you definitely shouldn't vote for Trump.


Like, don't tell people that you fucking idiot. 'cause it's gonna make more people angry and want to vote for Trump. It's indefensible. You are not going to convince anyone walking down the west side of New York City talking into your phone about what a threat Trump is to democracy. Yeah. You aren't changing anybody's fucking vote. You're just being a condescending, scolding, liberal cunt dude. Which is what drives everyone crazy. Scolding for verbiage is like the worst thing that the liberal side does. Ugh. But the fucking conservatives used to do it too. It's a human characteristic. And this is what's important. Everybody wants to get on this. The liberals are bad, the conservatives are bad. It's bullshit. It's all just a human behavior pattern.


We always want to tell people that they should behave and think and accept the truths that we have accepted. They, you have to behave like us. And if you don't, you're the enemy. Right. And it's not really that these people have these opinions. Oftentimes it's that they have subscribed to a predetermined set of opinions. There's a narrative in order to be in this group. There's A party line. If you tell me how you feel about the Second Amendment, I can tell you how you feel about abortion. Yeah. Almost 80% of the time. Right. Which is wild. It's wild. Yeah. Because there are two very complicated issues. Right. If you tell me how you feel about immigration, you know, if you tell me how you feel about weapons military spending, I can, I can tell.


I could probably tell what you, how you feel about God. Yeah. you know, I can probably tell you what your religious leanings are. It's just bizarre. And it's just because the reality of life is too open-ended and complex and fascinating and bizarre and majestic. And immense. And boundless. Boundless. Yeah. Yeah. Immense. Like the, and more immense than we even thought it was. Now they're looking into the James Webb telescope. They're finding galaxies that are so big so long ago that they couldn't have existed possibly in the short amount of time. Yeah. Which they were from the Big Bang. So that now they're, they're starting to think that the universe is like maybe 10 billion years older than they thought it was. Which is good.


Yeah. But you know, it's still, it's like, what does that even mean? It's too much. Well there's like, division is really important to people in power. 'cause they keep us fighting each other instead of against the presidency or the government. So back in the day it was like racism and there's still racism in this country, but like, we're moving further, you know, and then it was like class conflict. But now it's like everyone's poor, you know? Yes. So now it's like straight up Republicans versus Democrats and you have to go to war with your neighbor over that thing. Yeah. It's like they're all the same. They work for the same corporations, the same oligarchs. Exactly. Are paying them off. Exactly. I mean if voting works, they wouldn't let us vote. Yeah. you know, like, it's not gonna change anything. Yeah. It's, it works kind, Kind of. But I mean it's, it kind of works. It's still a big experiment and democracy is flawed, but it's still the best thing that we have.


you know, It's the best thing going. But the problem is there's, we, we made a fatal flaw when we allowed them to use money. Oh yeah. The, that's the fatal flaw. The fatal flaw is a letting politics into money and lobbyists and special interest groups and corporations donate to political candidates. As soon as we did that, that should be illegal. We should think of it as a bribe. Yeah. Opposed? It Is a bribe. It is a bribe. A hundred percent a bribe. Especially in this day and age. Everything should be supported 100% by the people. For the people. It, that's only how it should be. And if we, if we find out that corporations are involved, or the corporations are even suggesting that people should be involved, we should like find them. It should be illegal.


They should be put, the people that wanna do it should be put in jail. You're trying to affect the election. Yeah. Like it's really, election interference should be illegal. Yeah. Instead it's like par for the course. Right. It's just another tactic. Corrupt. Yeah. Yeah. Corruption is a tactic, Which is fucked. Well, it's funny because like, I used to live in an anarchist commune in upstate New York. Yeah. When I was like, from like 18 to 22. How did you get involved in that? My best friend from high school moved to Ithaca to go to college. And we were in bands together, so I was like, I college sucked, you know? So I went to school in Denver and then I went out there to stay with him. And we like wrote like 12 songs over like two weeks. And then I was like, well, I'm not gonna stay in school.


I'm gonna move up here. So we got this place, we shared a closet in an anarchist commune called Goblin House. Golin House. Yeah, Dude. And like when we moved in, this dude named Bob Wolf, young two. He had the number two in his last name. What? Yeah. He like changed his name. His name was Bob Wolf was his first name. And then young, like JUNG two. Oh wow. Great guy. but I, remember when he showed us the room, he was like, this is where you will sleep. And I just wanted to know, are you guys up to group sex? We're like, no dude, we just wanna like have the practice space. We would, we had this like we, it was an abattoir, it was an old slaughterhouse. So we were living with these people that were like, they would like sign their rent checks in blood. you know, we were like ing everything.


I like learned to kill chickens and stuff. Wow. Yeah. But on the commune, like those people have the, almost the exact same tenants and ideals as the, you know, your preppers, your doomsday guys who wanna like build a compound and protect themselves against the government. Like they're like back to back. If they would just turn around the far left and the far right, they'd realize that like they're fighting for the same things. Yes. you know, They share so many similar behavior patterns. Yeah. That's what it is. It's like the opinion. It's like, we're talking about jokes. The jokes are like a scaffolding, like the ideas of scaffolding and the jokes you create around them. You create the punchlines and the taglines around the idea. Yeah. That's what these guys are doing. It's the same thing. Like they have human behavior patterns and then they attach to it.


Equity and inclusion. Right. And you know, all these different thoughts about Christian nationalism and, you know, protect our borders and you know, God save Trump. It's the same thing. Yeah. It's really the same thing. Like what it is is just like you've attached natural human behavior patterns to an ideology and you don't think it's an 'cause. This is the thing about cults. Nobody in a cult thinks they're in a cult. No. They're like, this is the way to live. This is the way To live. Yeah. They're seeing through the veil in that cult. They're the only ones who are living a justified light. Did I tell you the cult story about the place that I initially bought before we bought the Ritz? I think I heard trickles of this story, but not directly from you. Adam eGate Yeah. Is the one who saved me.


This is what happened. So Ron White fucked me. So Ron White, we had just gotten here and we realized, I was like, we need a a place. We cannot, we cannot be out here just doing a bunch of random clubs. Yeah. Like the thing about the comedy store that I recognized like very early on is it's home base and the comics need a home base. And the way everybody was developing, one of the things that helped us is like if I'm on the road, I don't get to see Bill Burr's hour. No. I'm on the road. He's on the road somewhere else. Right. I don't get to see Dave Chappelle. But when we're in town together, then we could all see each other sets. Right. So we would all like, like, and then hang together. Right.


And talk. And so I was like, all right, we need a spot. And so Ron goes, you should buy that place. The cult owned. I fucking performed there. I killed. It was beautiful. It's a beautiful theater. I think it's for sale. And I was like, wow. A theater that I cult owned. That'll be fun. Yeah. And then Adam calls me up after I already signed paperwork and everything. Oh no. Adam calls. Hey man, did you watch the documentary on that cult? I'm like, do you have a documentary That's not good. Yeah, it's bad. The documentary is called Holy Hell. And the guy who is the cult member, the cult leader was a gay porn star who is also a hypnotist. Oh. Those Are two of the worst things. You can be I mean.


Like This fucking guy, he changed his names multiple times. His original name was Jaime Gomez. He was actually an extra in Roseanne's baby or Rosemary's baby. Alright. The, he was like in one of the scenes in the end of Rosemary's Baby. So he, he's an actor and, and so did gay porn. And then he teaches yoga class and gets a bunch because he like, he's a beautiful man. Yeah. Like, he's like a six pack and sculpted face. He gotta Be hot to run a cult. He was hot as hell. Yeah. And just had this cult going for a long time in West Hollywood. But then Waco popped off. So, and then the cult awareness network had been getting, like, parents had be saying, where the fuck is my kid? And they would be in this cult and So like, people were starting to like investigate him.


Yeah. So to throw people off the track, this fucking guy moves to Austin, changes his name again, and then has his followers build him this beautiful theater where he could dance in front of them Just for dancing. Just for Dancing and hypnotism. And that's the place I bought. So it all falls apart. It all falls apart years later when one guy sends out a mass email saying, Hey, this guy's been hypnotizing me in butt fucking me for the past 10 years. And then everybody starts comparing notes and they're like, oh my God, he is fucking me too. And like, this guy was just paying, they, you have to pay him so To butt fuck you. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. For the privilege. For the privilege. Yeah. So he would, you'd come to him for therapy, you would've to give him $50 and then he would give you his therapy and then he'd fuck you I mean maybe he has a, maybe he knows some stuff.


We don't know. Maybe he was helping people. I don't think so. No, no. I think people are just, I'm an optimist. I I think human beings have a thing in us that makes us want to believe nonsense. Yeah. Well we're looking for some kind of solution to the chaos Yeah. That we're surrounded by. Exactly. Yeah. And that could manifest itself in you being a diehard Democrat that don't think there's anything wrong with Joe Biden. And Joe Biden's, his age is his strength. He's sundowning up there. His age, his strength. Yeah. His fucking wife was on TV talking about his performance. And she was saying that he sharp as a d No, no, no, No. Oh, you, you didn't see, have you seen it? Have you seen Joe Biden get interviewed? Yeah. You want me to send it to you? She was with him, right? Yeah. And he's just standing behind her like a wax figure.


Like, oh, you Did so good, Joe. Yeah. You answered every Question. He's like, did I? Yeah. Oh yeah. I did. I did. I'm The best poor guy. Yeah. He's like me. if I was on a, like a versa climber. Yeah. That's where he's at right now. What? That's just, that's him leading the country. What? Yeah. Huh. Huh. Yeah. He's obliterated. But believing that that guy's okay. Is the same thing as believing that this gay porn star who's a hypnotist is really like, you know what's really wild about the documentary? He had this thing that he would do to them called the knowing. And you had to earn it somehow. You had to like, you know, you had to be on the right path for long enough.


And he would give you this thing where he would, it was a ritual. And during the ritual, he would put his hands on you. And to this day, the people that had it, even the people that complained about him were in the documentary talking about this guy was just evil and manipulative. They said that in that moment they felt God. Wow. That they, and you see them when, When his hands were upon Them, he puts his hands I mean he's really intense, like these intense burning eyes. And he puts his hands on, on their knees and they're like A, So it's like you, there was an endogenous release of psychedelic chemicals that was through this, this moment, this ritual thing, this the power of suggestion and whatever the, the vibe that the two of them have clearly hypno hypnosis as well.


Yeah. He, he locks onto this person and these people were like just riving in like in orgasms. Yeah. In, in just ecstasy. Just like a And to this day, they're all taught, even though they're saying he was bullshit, they were like, that moment when that happened to me, it changed me forever. Wow. So he could like somehow make them release like the DMT or the oxytocin that's in their brains and they were flooded. Yep. All that. Wow. All that and more. That's hypnotism. Probably I mean we we're isolating specific things like, you know, dopamine, serotonin, DMT, there's all these different things that people are, I but I have a feeling. The real cocktail, what's really up is everything all together. Yeah. That's what, that's probably the real, like whatever it is that you have, when you have near death experiences, they're all the most potent psychedelic chemicals known to man.


Yeah. That your brain makes Just a long island iced tea of brain chemicals. Boom. And your brain's a float. And it, yeah. And it's a fucking 4th of July fireworks display inside of there. Yeah. And it just pops off. And this guy knew how to get people to experience it just from this thing. See if you can find video of him doing that. I envy those people. I have Him can't talk. I do a little too to feel something that transcendent on earth. Like if you could just like, believe it enough that this guy can just do that to you. don Don't believe in anything I believe in like me and my friends and my family and like the community that I can build. But like, it's really hard to have any faith in anything bigger than myself. Well, you have to have an open mind. Right. But you also can't, I think I do. You can't really believe anything. There's no evidence for like, a lot of my ideas about what the, how the universe works and how everything works and karma and life and energy's just an idea.


Do you Believe in karma? I don't know what it means. So I don't think that necessarily, like if you do something something, something will happen to you. Yeah. but I do think that if you do something evil, you're aware that you do something evil. And I think your existence is poisoned. Because because of that And I think you'll forever run into bad situations because you'll be filled with bad thoughts and bad energy. And you do, Do you take on like a psychic cancer? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That Attracts other, Yes. I think that's real. I think there's Something I don think altruism is real at all. I think there's some real altruism and it's usually between people that know each other.


Yeah. But okay. Kindness. That's, and generosity and, But is that altruism or is that just doing the right thing for your community? Well it, it's, I always say that being generous is selfish. It is. Because it makes you feel good. Yeah. It makes you feel good. It, it elevates you. But It also is really a good thing to do because it makes other people feel really good. If there's altruism, it's okay if you're still doing the right thing. If you get off on it, you still benefited someone else. You do. But why should you not benefit while they're benefiting too? As long as you're not being selfish and narcissistic about it. Why, why don't you just do it? Yeah, of course. It feels good to make people feel good. Yeah. But it also makes them feel good. So you should do it. You should not not make them feel good because you're worried it's gonna make you feel good. And that's selfish. Yeah.


That seems silly. Well, You have to share what you have based on how much you have. I think it's because like when I was poor, it was like my friends, my best friends would have like half a joint and they would smoke that half a joint with me. Yeah. And now that I have like more resources compared to some of my friends, I'm always buying meals and like, you know, that kind of thing. And they're like, Hey man, you don't have to do this. And it's like, well you were, you rode with me when we had $8 to rub together. Yeah. And now I have more than $8 So. like, I'm glad to be able to do this for you. Yeah. The difference between like being able to pay for a meal easy. Yeah. And not thinking about it in, in the, where you're wondering how much things cost and you're adding it all up in your head. That's a, that's a huge difference. Yeah. The alleviation of that is the most important thing.


Like Brian Callen said that to me once. He said the real wealth is like when you go to a restaurant and you don't worry about what anything costs a hundred percent. Once you get past that, he goes like, it's all bullshit. And I'm like, I think he's right. That is very, yeah. That is profound. Yeah. I agree with that. Because like, no matter where you live, your house just feels like a house. If you have to spend $10 million for a house or if you just have a fucking two bedroom apartment that's quiet and not dangerous, you know, it's just house, it's Home. I have a hard time feeling at home anywhere. 'cause of the road Was traveling on the Yeah. I mean I've been on the road since I, before I was with the band first and then stand up real hard and now like, like the last six months of last year, my wife And I didn't have an address.


We were just like living on the road and it was romantic. Oh wow. But it was so daunting, dude. I remember my sister was like, what do you wanna do for New Year's? And I was like, what if we just got like an Airbnb and like cooked dinner and hung out? And she's like, oh, so your idea of a party is like living in a home. You need to fucking move somewhere, man. So We like tried it. you know, we did two months abroad last year doing shows and shit. And he, she came with me and it was great. But now we like bought a house in Detroit and I'm really happy about it, but I don't ever know if I'll like, really feel comfortable when I'm not in motion. That's interesting. And It's like, it's good every, all my dreams are coming. True. But then you have to realize like, who you are isn't gonna be fixed by everything you wanted happening.


Right. You still have to like figure out what's the root cause of you. you know, it's Wednesday and you're like, I've been home for two days. God, I can't wait to get to fucking Batavia. you know? But isn't it because you love what you do? I do. And you're good at what you do. So you I really Love What I do. Yeah. I'm super grateful to be a comic. There's That. Right? Yeah. And that's like, the way to do that is like, you kind of gotta do the road. I think so you Gotta do the road. And like for a long time it was like I couldn't get booked in these rooms, but now I can. So it's like Mitch Hedberg said like, he wouldn't say no to gigs because he remembers five years previous when he couldn't get those gigs. And that's me right now. It's like I, I worked like fucking 49 weekends last year or something. Wow.


you know? And some of those, like, a lot of those were like different continents and shit. Wow. but I love it. I'm not complaining. I'm just like, this is a new thing with the buying of the home and the moving to the home of me being like, what does being at peace look like for me? Right. Because I'm used to existing in chaos. you know, I'm used to being constantly going forward and And you enjoy it. I love it, dude. Yeah. That's, there's nothing wrong with that. I know nothing wrong with that. So the thing is like, people will tell you because of a narrative, like a, from a movie or a book that you're supposed to settle down somewhere. Yeah. Says who? I don't know. Oh listen, there's a reason why there's flights in hotels because people like to travel places.


Right. And stay. And they don't have a house there. Yeah. So they go to the fucking hotel. Yeah. It's simple. Like it's there, set up for you. And if you take advantage of it, it's fun. It's, that's what you enjoy. Some people don't enjoy it at all. Some people like to, the problem is, the real problem with the travel all the time is your health. Correct. 'cause it fucks up your sleeping, it fucks up your eating schedule. It fucks up. It fucks up a lot of stuff. And then there's a sense of loneliness and desolation on the road that you try to fill in with booze or drugs. Unless you travel with friends. And, I do. Now I gotta bring my own feature. That's the best. And it's the best. And he hasn't drank for eight years. I pumped the brakes on boozing. you know, I'm like drinking with purpose Now when I do drink, not just like 15 million lights every night.


That's all I drink with purpose. Yeah. It's like my Purpose is to get fucked Up. Well I know, but I And That's a valuable purpose. But when you're just doing the Friday early show and you've already had seven beers and then you wake up Saturday and you're like hungover and you're like, well I guess I have to have 12 more beers tonight to get normal. Ooh. And you're not even getting drunk. You're drinking Miller Light and you're just confused and bloated. Right. That's all you get out of it. Well You lost a lot of weight. I did. Yeah. I'm, I'm like 50 pounds this year. That's Awesome. Yeah. Congratulations. Thanks, man. That's, that's fucking huge. I have to And did you, I love being alive. See that by hitting the break. Yes. Please stay alive. I love being alive. Need we need more funny people. Thanks man. Is are you just hitting the brakes on booze? Is, that's all you had to Do? Hitting the brakes on booze? Well that's 1500 calories in Pure Sugar that I'm not taking in every, you know, four days outta the week.


Wow. So that's great. you know, and then also eating better and then movement moving around. Yeah. you know, I spent a lot of time outside and now that we're like actually gonna be in a home, like the weight sets going back in. Oh, nice. Like there's a pool in the neighborhood. Like, 'cause for so long it was like I had nothing. And I was just like so desperate for some like, okay I can, I'm sleeping on this guy's floor tonight in Springfield, Missouri. Have a roof. I would go on stage and be like, Hey, I don't have a place to stay because I don. No way. I didn't wanna spend the $40 on a hotel, dude. Wow. You know? So you'd be telling people, can I stay at your house? I wouldn't even ask. I would just say on stage like, you look rich, can I stay in the boathouse? And they'd be like, alright, get in here.


You crazy kid. That's amazing. Yeah. And that's how I survived on the road for like ever. Wow. So how many times do you think you did that? Countless. That was my move. That was straight up my move. And you stayed in people's houses? Yeah, Because I learned it from like punk rock. Like we would play only all ages shows. So you would either stay in the venue, you'd stay in the squat, or someone would bring you home and like you'd hear them have a conversation with their girlfriend in the next room. And then she'd be like loud and he'd be, she'd be, you guys gotta be out by 6:00 AM You know. Oh Boy. But we had a roof over our head. Wow. you know, and then you had the next day. And that sense of purpose that you have on the road is so pure. You have a destination that night. Right. You have a thing you need to accomplish. Right, right, right. And like luckily I read like, 'cause I came from like, like I really admired like SST records, like early eighties, like hardcore.


Like that's where I came from. And I. Remember reading, I think it was Henry Rollins book, get in the Van where the first trip he did with Black Flag, they practiced for like two months in LA and they got real good when he joined the band. And then their first two date was in Oklahoma. And like 12 kids came and he was like, fuck this. Why are we working so hard? This sucks. And then the bass player, Chuck Dukowski was like, no, no, no. It's not their fault that no one else showed up. We are gonna give them black flag. They came to see Black Flag. We're giving them black flag. And that defined my experience doing standup where it's like, yeah, I would go do the show. There'd be 20 people there. But the next time I go to Omaha there's gonna be 40 people there because I fucking left it all on the field.


Right. I, I was crushing just so I could survive. Right. you know, it was a survival mechanism. Right. And. I think that that really helped me in my career. 'cause I like had so much at stake every show. Yeah. It's, isn't it interesting thing, like if you go to a show and there's only a hundred people and it's a 300 seat venue, you're upset that only a hundred. But that, that's a hundred people that paid money that came out to see you. Yeah. Treat 'em. Yeah. Treat 'em to like, like give them the show. You're so happy they're there. Yeah. Appreciate them. Like don't, God, we're so caught up in keeping up with the Joneses. It's so dumb. It's like the, that's another like dumb human resource based instinct comparison. Yeah. Oh that's the worst. The death of happiness. Yep.


Yeah. It's a great quote. Yeah. I don. Who? That's the row. I think it's the row. Yeah. Yeah. Isn't it Probably. He's always saying cool stuff. He Said a lot of cool shit out in that pond. But it's like you can't compare yourself to your friends. No. Like if I compared myself to Shane, I would be like crestfallen. Right. What I am is happy for Shane and his rise is so good for comedy in general and he's been so generous. you know, he put my special on his channel. Like he doesn't have to do any of these things. Right. And I told Shane that he's inherently punk rock and he rolled his eyes, you know, 'cause he is from the middle of Pennsylvania and punk rocks for Homos or whatever, you know. but I was like, oh, punk Rocks. Is that guy with a queer tattoo? Exactly. Yeah. That guy's punk rock. But so is Shane's ethos.


He brought his friends with him. He built this stuff. He did everything independently. Is this Twain Nice? No Way. Really? When are he stole it from? Interesting. Okay. Comparison is the thief of Joy. Yeah. Thief's a better word. The death of Joy. Roosevelt said thief of joy. But who was first? don? Don't know Who was before. Who was Roosevelt? Roosevelt was Post Twain. Post Twain. Yeah. Yeah. So you probably heard it from Twain and snatched it. Allah, Joe Biden. Have you ever heard what Twain did for Ulysses S Grant? No. So like grant's the president, but everyone thinks he's this like insane booze bag.


'cause he got busted being drunk one time on watch. So he co becomes president, leads the Union Army, but then the money wears out. So he's like on a train, Ulysses, this grant and fucking oh, and his brother like spent all of his money. His son was a total fuckup. Like he has no cash. And this guy's like, Hey, would you write your memoir and I'll publish it for my publishing company and I'll give you like a thousand bucks. And he only sees us grant's like for sure. That's awesome. And then Twain hears this and he is like, don't sign that deal. I'll publish your book myself and you'll make so much more money. Like, and Ulysses s Grant was like, but I made a promise to a man and I'm a man. And, I must honor my word. And Twain's like, okay, pump the brakes on that Ulysses.


So he publishes Ulysses s Grant's book and it becomes a national bestseller and changed his life and gave him all this money. Oh Wow. Yeah. And they would've sold 'em down the river. They would've given him a thousand bucks to have a bestselling novel. Oh wow. you know? Or not novel memoir. That's right. I had heard about that. Yeah. Yeah. Mark Twain was a, I think he was the first comic. I agree. Yeah. Yeah, right. I think so because he would read funny things in front of people and they would laugh And he had to 'cause he didn't have any money. Oh yeah. So it's like when Jeremy Vin hitched the road. So when Twain did that, he didn't have money back then. Like was he, I Think he, well publishing deal. He was the first like dude who harnessed the reins of his own production in like writing. I think Dickens did that to a certain degree too.


But he owned the publishing and he would like sell it himself. Ah. But then he hit the road. I can't remember why, but I think it was a cash grab. And he did these public speaking engagements where he would do bits and stuff. No kidding. I think so. Oh, I could be conflating him and someone else. but I think that that's what, that Kind of makes sense. Yeah. That kind of makes sense. You's like, oh, how can I make some money here? Do tours. Yeah. Like you've seen a lot of podcasters do that now. Oh, for sure. Like Tucker Carlson does that now. He does like arenas. Jordan Peterson, of course. Yeah. These people, They do these tours where they just like, oh look, gotta make hay by the sun shining And. I. Get it. You gotta cash in momentum when you have it. Oh yeah. I think it's the hardest thing to accrue. I get it too. Especially if you don't have jokes. Oh dude. Like if we're just used to doing stuff in front of audiences, these guys, they, they look at, look at that as like some frontier that they have to Yeah.


And we're like, oh, we have fucking tents out there. We, we've been living out here for a hundred years. Oh yeah, we're Bedouins. Man. You want some fucking camel milk. Yeah. Sam. Tallent can't even feel comfortable in his own house. Can't. Because I'm just so used to being like, what are we doing today? What's our Purpose? The people that haven't experienced that before, like Jordan, like he was telling me how much it wears on you. Yeah. Like Yeah. Yeah. It wears on you. It wears on you when you fly. Like I just flew from Vegas on Sunday morning. It wears on you. Yeah. That day you're like wrecked for no reason. You're Not. And also, I have a hard time like spending the money to move up front, you know? Right, right. Like I, I spent $600 once to fly back from Australia in, in the first, in first class.


And it was an insane deal. And my wife was like, do it dude. And then the whole time I was sitting up there, I was just pissed at myself for being such, spending a bourgeois pig that needed to be comfortable. Oh yeah. That's gonna be a problem as you become more successful. I know That'll be an issue. I know. Yeah. There's a lot of I mean one time, it's one thing that definitely happens is people develop this sort of crisis, you know, the imposter syndrome sort of thing that happens when you become famous and when you become successful. I don't have imposter syndrome. I know I'm good at the job. Yeah. What I have is likes not just turning your back on your ideals of like punk rock, like getting outta dumpsters. That thing's hard for me to get over. Right. And I. See what you're saying? Yeah. Well I know a lot of people that get the imposter syndrome thing too. Because when success comes at a very high level, it becomes baffling.


Yeah. Like you're hanging out with famous people. It doesn't make sense. It feels weird. You Feel like it's so weird to be in this room. That's funny. you know what I mean? That's funny. It's so strange to me, dude. That's like, I'm really grateful to be here, but it is just like all also weird to remember how far away from this room I was for such a long time. That's funny. Yeah. Well this room's been around, well not this one, but one of them been around for 15 years. Yeah. Which is, that's crazy too. That's hard to believe. Yeah. Perspective is such a warping experience. Yeah. It really is about How far you've come. As you get more successful, you're gonna get weird with money. It's gonna feel weird to you. It's not what you make, it's what you save. Yeah. But it's like, what do you do with it? Like I think of money as fun coupons. Sure. That's how I think of it. Yeah. Like how much fun can I have with this?


I think of it as safety. It can be taken away at any moment. Sure. That's up to a point. Once you pass a certain bank account number. Yeah. Then it becomes fun. Coupons. I Remember when I had my first comma and my bank account, I called my dad. Nice. Yeah. Got a comma Dad. Yeah dude. Yeah. Commas are nice. But it's like, the thing is you're still gonna be you. Yeah. You're not gonna, you don't have to sleep in the back of the bus and you don't have to fucking, you don't have to do anything stupid to just prove that you used to be poor. You don't have to self flagellate yourself. Yeah. But this also like, you have all these fun coupons. Why do you have 'em if you're not gonna spend them? Oh yeah. You should be spending them. Oh, I mean I'm burning them down. Did You get a nice car? No. I have a 2007 Chevy Impala.


Oh. don don't have a bunch of like, you know, cool jewelry. Have You thought you got a nice watch? It's my wife got this for me. It's $400. It's a Beautiful watch. It's A great watch. What kinda watch is that? It's a bva. Oh. It's pretty. But I do spend money on dining. And I do spend money on like, you know, if my sister-in-Law, you know, wants something nice for our niece, I'm like, well here's three different models of that nice thing you want. Oh, that's cool. That's like how I like shower people with. That's great. Love and affection. No, that's definitely cool. but I Did spend like, you Should get a nice Car. $50,000 on dining. If you didn't feel like a bourgeois pig driving a car, what kind of car would you drive? I would like a very safe car. you know what I want dude, is I want a Ford Astro van or I want one of those like benzes, those like passenger vans that they have.


Oh Yeah. Sprinter Vans. Like skateboard teams right around it. Yeah. That's What I want. You could have that and put a podcast studio in the back. No, I could. We were gonna do that. Yeah. We had talked about that in la. Remember Jeremy, this would be pretty sweet for Sam. Yeah. We talked about taking 1 9 5. True. Look at that. Look at it. You get a new one. Yes. Plus you can take naps in there too. Like if you have to park somewhere like it to be somewhere for a little bit and you have some time nap In the back. Can I wish I could nap? No. Really? I have a really hard time napping. Really? Yeah. It's like I can't turn my brain off in the middle of the day. Wow. Yeah, it sucks. That Sucks. It's really bad for radio. Exactly that. Oh, So once you're up you're up for the whole day. Yeah. Oh, I know. And then there's just an amount of coffee you have to keep Up. Oh, have you jerking off?


I've dabbled. Yeah. That's usually the best. Turns out it's Pretty cool. That's like a sleep button. It is pretty cool. But I do like, like to conserve that essence for my wife. I hear you. To come to save all your loads. I Save every load, man. Okay. And. I. Come home. And. I batter. My beautiful wife. That's honorable. Yeah. Nothing else. You try melatonin or anything else? Sleep, mask, anything. It's just like laying in a bed in the middle of the day. You just can't check your brain off. I Can't do it, dude. Yeah. Well fuck. Fuck. Radio, I guess. No, I know. Yeah, that's it. That's the only solution. The only solution is fuck Radio I mean And. I like had to get like medical with my, like managers. I was like, I really can't do radio 'cause I can't go back to bed. And then people will come out for two shows and they'll get a worse version of the show.


That Right. you Know? Yeah. It's a big difference too, man. Yeah. When you are really tired and you are looking at that 10 o'clock show, you're like, fuck, you already did the seven o'clock show. You're Taking a break, you did the merch line, You the greet, and you're sitting down and you're fucking really tired. Like you're literally yawning. Yeah. And then ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the chuckle Hats. Right. Who's ready to laugh? Yeah. Come on. You can do better than that. Right. Who's ready to laugh? And due to like the different groups of like the Venn diagrams that create, the people who come to see me are like, Stan, hope Shane kill Tony. You. Right. So these people have very high expectations. Right. Of comedy. Right. So I always feel like I really gotta do a good job. That's the best way to feel.


Always. Forever. For sure. Keep that forever. I get nervous for every show. Every show I do. Even now. Me too. Yeah. And I thought it'd be easier once they were coming to see you. Nope. It's more worse, harder, just expectation. Yeah. Harder. Yeah. Yeah. You got to keep that. That's forever. Yeah. I hope So like, I keep that forever. That's the same thing with a lot of stuff. When, when you care about something, you should be nervous. You should feel a little giddy about it. A little excited. Like not, not without confidence. I have confidence. I do stand up every night. Yeah. I have plenty of confidence. But the feeling should be like, this is a real thing that's about to go down. This is a melding of the minds with me and all these people in this crowd.


And this is gonna be fun. Yeah. I, I gotta get in that mindset. I gotta feel it. I got all, how much time do I have? I, 15 minutes. Right. Do primate posture. Yeah. I do some deep breathing exercises. I stretch out, I drink some water. Maybe have an espresso. Yeah. Let's fucking go. Yeah. Yeah. And I literally got This tattoo to remind myself that it's fun. What does it say? It says this is fun. Oh wow. That's my miking hand. Oh. So I'd like see my wrist and it reminds me while I'm on stage. That's great. This Is fun. That's great. Yeah. That should be a thing that everybody in your, your group does. It should make it like a brand, like a, a Nazi swastika on the back So we can all come quick. Yeah. This is fun. Why are you jerking off? It's the same ant too, right? That's fun too.


My, my, well, my podcast Ch Behemoth. We all got matching tattoos for like a Patreon goal. What'd you guys get? Just Like this, like Ninja turtle, like on our thighs. This guy Baco. That's like the avenging ninja turtle that we rif. Oh yeah. So. like now we are all marked forever. Nice. Yeah. Why not? It's fun, dude. There's no such thing as forever. I have a Go Bananas tattoo with all the Go Bananas boys Right here on my wrist. Oh, Go bananas. The in Cincinnati. The comedy club. Yeah. Oh, that's hilarious. Yeah, there's a bunch of those Go bananas. I think there's one in New Jersey too. There's bananas in New Jersey. Oh, go Bananas is completely independently. Yeah. They came, came up with that idea on their own. Yeah, we were, we didn't even know about Bananas when we opened up Go Bananas.


Yeah. No way. What are you talking about? Oh, that's funny. I I thought they were all the same company. No, don don't Think so. So You have a Go Bananas tattoo. Yeah, right there. Just the banana. Just the banana in the banana. Boys Wonder if anybody's got a mothership tattoo yet. Probably the logo. The alien head dude. People get tattoos of you. Ew. People get tattoos of my book. Ew. They'll get like Running the Light shit on their body. And I'm like, what were you going through when this happened? Hopefully good. Yeah. Hopefully they're in a good place. Yeah. Yeah. There's like hundreds of tattoos in my face out there. I see. It's very strange. And they're not the most glamorous version of your face either. I don't think I have a glamorous first in My face. Well, it's usually the one where you're like, Yeah. It's usually some crazy face from yelling about something.


Looks like you're coming. Fire who? Boy. Yeah. Yeah. Or I got kaki. How do you say that? The hot sauce on my dick. How do you say it? A caps Cap Capsaicin. Yeah. That, that's one of the words that I never say that I just read Capsaicin. Yeah. you know, like a generally that's a read word. Yeah. Like there's certain words where you're like, how do I say this one? Right. I know what it is. How do I, how do I say That? I'm always using pretentious words that I read. And I mispronounce 'em. So you look pretentious and stupid at the same time. The Real problem is if you talk to a person who actually knows what the fuck they're talking about, you're throwing those words around. That's Humbling. Some of my biggest Ls, I've been in that exact situation.


Yeah. Well you know, pretentiousness is kind of gross. I was emailing this lady, Emma Klein, who's an author I admire And I like spelled her last name wrong throughout the email. Ooh. Oh No. I know. I like, you know, told her I read all three of her books. Oh no, It's on the cover. Oh no. Yeah. How does she spell it? C-L-I-N-E. Oh yeah. And. I. Thought it was K. And you were going with K-L-E-I-N. Very stupid. I told the people at Random House that I just got a book deal with Random House and she's on the same roster. You Should send her a letter again. I should. About how stupid You feel. Very sorry about how you talked about it on a podcast. Yes.


Now can we be friends? She didn't answer the emails. Your memory's fucked. 'cause you've been sleeping on people's floors in random houses for Eating quinoa for 20 years. Yeah. I remember when quinoa happened. Quinoa. That was big. Yeah. Everybody thought they were gonna get healthy with some bizarre new grain. Oh yeah. Yeah. This one's got a lot of protein. Oh, it's so good for you. It's better than buckwheat. It Just tastes like shit. It's the worst. It tastes like nothing. And, And like we wouldn't make any money at these shows, but they would have a big quinoa dinner one time, bro. We had to have a talk back in Lansing, Michigan at this like a hardcore anarchist home. And after the show they were like, would you guys mind doing a talk back about your political ideals? And the singer of course was like, hell yeah. So they're like, how do you guys align politically? And the singer's like, I'm into Kooning.


And then the bass player was like, I think Emma Goldman told the truth. And then they were like, what about you And I was like, I'm selling CDs and T-shirts because these ideals aren't gonna keep the van going. So have fun in here, but please come buy one of these hand screen T-shirts that I made. Yeah. It's just very funny when like your ideals actually hit reality. Well be those fringe communities like an anarchist community like that. Yeah. That the, I'm always fascinated by people that like, whether they're furries or whatever it is, like these are bizarre fringe communities that have their own sort of language way of looking at things. Yeah. And things. They all accept that most people don't. Well, Kool-Aid, they've all drank collectively.


Yeah. Yeah. Juggalos are the best one. Oh really? Yeah. 'cause Juggalos are like wild people. But they will give you the shirt off their back. 'cause they're all about family. 'cause like for the most part they're like from poor places. They might be gross, you know, misfits. Yeah. Traditionally. But man Juggalos will take you in. They're the best. Yeah. Shout out to the Juggalo Nation man. They're cool. Did you do a lot of Juggalo shows? I I mean, I grew up in Eastern Colorado, so I had a lot of Juggalo friends. Oh wow. Yeah. But then whenever I see Juggalos at shows now, they're always like first in line at the merch. They'll buy everything you have at the table. They're awesome. What an amazing sort of movement. The Insane Clown Posse. Yeah. Out of all people. Out of all groups of people created.


Yeah. Kind of nuts. I think it proves there's no God that's pure chaos. No way that came from a plan. Or maybe it does prove there's a God. Maybe. Because God enjoys all kinds of different humans interacting in all sorts of bizarre ways. He Enjoys Chicken hunt and Yeah. He enjoys everything. I think Big J's doing the gathering this year. The Gathering is He is. I would fly in for that show. Dude. Big J's gonna do that. Well, big J's perfect for that because I know because he's so good at riffing. Yeah. So this is the Insane Clown Posse. Juggalo gathering. Yeah. Just a fucking gathering of misfits. They're Having fun. They're sharing what they have Bunch of people with IQs. Like someone on a Versa climber just dancing around, banging into each other.


I've met some like worldly Juggalos man. Really? I met this guy who was a professor at Duke for a while. Wow. And then he like tapped out and his midlife crisis was becoming a juggalo. Whoa. He's like, there's just a purity to what They do. And I was enchanted. That's interesting. Yeah. Well, if you wanted to look at it from a human psychological perspective, that is, there is a purity to it. Right? Because there's no pretension no involved at all in being a juggalo. Yes. Yeah. I hate, I loathe pretension. Yeah. 'cause I think I'm guilty of it a lot. Mm. Because I like read books and stuff. And you want people to know you read books. Well yeah, But you can't talk about books with people. You can with some people. Yeah. But like, they'll be like, I love Sci-fi and fantasy. And I'm like, well that's lower fiction there. You wanna talk about Sherwood Anderson?


Let's have a conversation. Some sci-fi and fantasy is lower fiction, but there's some really good shit. I know Neil Blanc Comp, how do you say his last name? I always fuck his name. Blanc Camp. Blanc Camp. I always fuck his name. Love the guy though. But he set me hip to this science fiction vampire book that I fucking love. It's really good. Let me get the name of it. It's like Blind Sight or something like that. Yeah. I remember now You're saying I remember him telling that story. Yeah. Let me, lemme find it. 'cause I have it in my, my phone. It's really good though. I met George R. Martin. Oh, did you really? Yeah. He came to see, I was opening for Bur in New Mexico and George R. Martin came.


Wow. Yeah, George. RR Martin came to see Bert. Yeah. That's Amazing. In Santa Fe. That's incredible. Yeah. This is it. It's Peter Watts. It's called Blind Sight. And it's, it's a science fiction space movie about alien. About, well, vampires. Okay. And the vampires. It's, it's, it's kind of like, I'm gonna fuck it up. But the story is that these vampires, they, they take some sort of medication. There's some sort of a medical thing that They do to keep them from feasting on people. Okay. But that they did exist and that they had always existed. And that someone that they, they were killed off because, you know, they were killing everybody.


And then we've kind of relegated them to myth and fo and then someone cloned one and brought it back and then they, they started having more va and the vampires would go into space with them. Yeah. Because so, so they're, it's a space journey with this vampire who can like read minds and manipulate people. And he's like, but he doesn't act on his, like most based of most horrible instincts. And they're out there interacting with aliens. Yeah. It's very good. I mean you had me at Vampire dude. It's fucking good. I'm fucking it up. I'm paraphrasing 'cause I wasn't prepared to talk about it. Right. Yeah. I had, I hadn't, I read it like two years ago. Okay. Whenever. When Neil was on. How long was that about? It was a couple years Ago. He's actually a predator from the lysine era.


I think That's right. Ah, He's Allegedly far smarter than baseline humans. Yeah. It's a really, really good book. That stuff sounds good. Oh, it's Good. It's good. Yeah. It's really well crafted. I'm just like a realist when it comes to literature. I like reading about like, men risking their lives for like $80. Those are my favorite novels. Oh really? Yeah. Like very low reward compared to the risk. Like what? Gimme an example. Like Larry Brown. A lot of quarterback McCarthy books are like that. Cormack McCarthy was amazing. Yeah. He's the he's the goat. Yeah. He's the best. Yeah. That's, there's something about writing about the stuff that he writes about too. Like that Western style. Yeah. Kind of like the, just the reality of the existence.


Did you see any of the Yellowstone pre-show? Like 18, what is it, 1883? No. Is that what it is? 1923 and 1883. 1883. Right. 1883 is fucking insane. Really? It's insane. Is it like Deadwood esque? Well, it's realistic is what it is. It's like a realistic depiction of what it was like when people made their way across the country on wagons and how, how people were lost along the way. Yeah. you know, but it's just, the way it's done is, it's so good. Dude. If you like this kind of stuff, dude, you should read Warlock, which is exactly what you just described.


Oh yeah. It's like a postmodern western. It's really cool. Yeah. Yeah. It's like an easy one to like get lost in a Postmodern western. Yeah. It's like a self-aware western. Like the guy uses all like the trappings of the traditional western. Oh. But then he runs it through like his lens as like a literary author. It's really fucking good. Oh, Well, I mean, just think about how crazy this fucking country is. Yeah. Like 400 years ago it was just Native Americans. Yeah. That's it. Just Indian tribes everywhere. And then this Yeah. And that, that quick little bing so fast outta nowhere. Nuts. And the stories about people deciding that they were gonna come here from Europe and didn't even speak English. No. Made it across the fucking, the planes on with wagons and lost half the people every time.


Yeah. And like, had to eat a couple people. Oh yeah. And then they get to the Rocky Mountains and they're like, Hey, we're good. We're gonna stay right here. A lot of people did, but then the true psychos were the ones who got through the Rockies man. Right. Yeah. Well that's what I always said about Texas. 'cause like the, this, the thing about this country is right. The, the people that are here that weren't Native Americans, everybody and their ancestors started on the east and made their way west. And then the people got to Texas said, y'all go ahead. We're gonna hang out here and fuck yeah. We're good here. They just put up fences and started going nuts. There's A lot of bison around here. We'll be fun. But a lot of people kept going. And then the people that did keep going are the most filled with wanderlust. Like, Californians were the most like open-minded I mean it, the the state is like completely fallen.


But the, the, the ethic of it, the ethos of the state still remains for a lot of people. And it was like, that was the place where people grew that, that people went to when they were fed up with the way the East coast was. They didn't like the hostility. They wanted to be more creative and free. And they made their way to San Francisco and they made their way to la. Yeah. And it was just, that was the last place you could go before you went to Hawaii. Like it was the Edge of the world's. Nowhere else to go. Yeah. There's nowhere else to go. So it would just make sense that those people would be the ones that would be pushing the boundaries. I mean, think about like in the 1960s at least, like the amount of entertainment, the amount of music, the amount of culturally changing content.


Yeah. That came out of Los Angeles in the west coast. Oh yeah. It's fucking nuts man. It's, if you saw it on a chart, a graph, like how much amazing shit came out of LA in those decades. Right. It's Crazy. And like how exponential the next great thing was. Yes. you know? Yes. That's what I always think about is just like how quickly in the last 200 years that curve has sharpened. Yeah. We had so much innovation over the last 200 years that's like Bananas Compared to the rest of human history. It's nuts. What we've achieved And what we're going through right now is gonna change all that multitudes. It's gonna be beyond the printing press, beyond the invention of the internet. Oh yeah. Whatever the fuck the AI thing is when it a when everyone's just guessing what it's gonna be like, but whatever it is, it's gonna be like that vampire on that spaceship.


A Hundred percent. A hundred percent. Yeah. We're gonna be Trapped with a superior predator. Exactly. Yeah. And it's not gonna have emotions either because, and if it does, it'll engineer those out. Like, what are these stupid things? What's the point of these? Yeah. These things aren't helping anything. don don't even have a dick. Emotions are interesting. Yeah. Because it's like people who are beholden to their emotions when they like make it your problem because they're experiencing, obviously if you're mentally ill, that's one thing. But if you're just like a person who's like bummed and you wanna put that on me, it's like, grow up. Everyone deals with all of these things. I'm just not gonna project it upon you and make your time worse. Well, a lot of it's patterns. Sure. And they learn the patterns in their family. No, you're very right. Unfortunately, you're very right. It's real hard if you grow up with morons, it's really hard to break free.


Correct. And think clearly. And they also have this like weird energy that you get from your family and the way they look at things. Like some families, they just, woe is me forever. Right. And then those patterns give you comfort. 'cause they remind you of Yeah. When you were safe. And they also don't know what to talk about. So they come, you know what my fucking job, I swear to God, I wish I could quit. I fucking hate it. I know. You come home and you're like, oh No. I know. Not this Again, we're so lucky that all of our friends are the funniest people alive. Oh, we're so lucky. We're the, that's the best part of standup. We say It all the time in that green room. Yeah. We're like, we are so lucky to be here. We're so lucky. Yeah. Especially when you consider how you first started, you know, the, the earliest days to be here. Now it's just, yeah.


Bananas. Yeah. Ron White handing me a cigar will never not lose its charm. Yeah. It's always so cool. Just hanging out with him is always weird to me. He's the best. That's why I bought that stupid cult house because I just can't believe Ron White's my friend. I was like, I'll listen to him. I'll listen to him. Yeah. Man. He was the first guy here too, by the way. Everybody credits me with like, getting people to move here. But he got me to move here. He was the first guy. He moved. I, he got me thinking about moving here before the pandemic. 'cause he moved here, I think in 2017 or 18. And I go, what are you doing in Austin? Well, I still got my house in Beverly Hills, but I'll tell you what, I fucking love It here. Yeah. He goes, when I'm traveling, I'm in the middle of the country. Flights are quick. People are nice.


Yeah. Food's great. I play golf. And I was like, damn. He goes, my son lives here. He loves it. Maybe Austin's the spot. Colorado had a shot at you, man. They did. I remember when that happened. When you moved up to Boulder for a minute. Blame it on my wife. She Got pregnant. I understand. When she got pregnant, we had to go back. But yeah, I was, I was planning on just going Buck wild in Denver. Yeah. That's, that was my plan. It Would've been so valuable to that city. Well, we could always do a mothership there one day. I think that's a good candidate for a mothership. I Bet. When Wendy wants to sell. Yeah. She would talk to you. Well, if Wendy wanted to sell, I'd be interested. I love her. She's the greatest. She's the best. She's like my mom now. She's such a great lady. She Let have my mom's wake at her club.


Oh, really? And paid for all the food and everything. Oh Man. Yeah. She's the greatest. That's cool. We had Ron White's mom's wake at our club. Yeah. When Wendy, when I, when I did my 2014 Comedy Central special, I did it on purpose at the Denver Comedy Works because I'm like, I want to do it at Wendy's place. Of course. She's just such a, a good force for comedy and just understands comedy and is really kind to people and good to the opening acts and, But tough as nails, bro. Oh yeah. Because she had to fight up from being a waitress, bro. She was a waitress at the club and now she owns it. You Have to be tough as nails. Yeah. To be in this crazy business. I had always told comedians Be nice to these club owners 'cause you don't wanna be them.


Right. And then I had to be one. Yeah. And also be nice to the servers. Yeah. Be nice to Everyone. Everybody Be nice to everybody. Yeah. Always, always be nice to everybody. Everybody. And again, because it will benefit you. Yeah. Not because it's the right thing to do, but because it'll make your life easier when they end up running the club or become managers or agents or whatever. Also, it's just, it feels better next time you see 'em. It's good for everybody. Oh yeah. It's good for you. It's good for them. Everybody's friendly. You hug everybody. Yay. We're all here together. Yeah. Fun times. you know. And she's, she's done a great job of having, she has a real community there. you know, that's one of the reasons why when I wanted to escape from la, this is 2009. but I wanted to do my first escape from la. I chose Colorado, but I wanted to be in the fucking woods. That's where I fucked up.


I fucked up because I tried to, I pushed my wife too hard. I pushed her to the crazy place. I pushed. I'm like, let's live in the woods. Yeah. Let's, with a baby top of a fucking mountain. Yeah. Let's tap Out with Mountain I mean we lost a dog to a mountain lion. Jesus. Yeah. Like we were in, like, while we were there, I guess it was actually before we moved there, a bear broke into one of the neighbor's cars and ate his seats. 'cause the bear thought that the seats were leather and leather. His food, I guess a bear can smell so good that they can smell the hide. And so he just ate his seats. Just took, just opened the door, man. The bears know how to open doors. Wow. They get habituated to people. And it's a real problem because once they find out that you have garbage cans, they never stop coming to your house.


Yeah. And then once they eat your car, they always, they keep coming. They keep coming. So I went, I I tried too hard. I I, eating A car is so funny. I left, I left too far. I went too far out. Yeah. I should have been in bold or proper in the city. But even then that the problem was when a woman is pregnant, the atmosphere of Denver and even of, you know, anywhere around 5,000 feet. It's rough. Yeah. And Colorado has one of the highest premature birth rates because of the lack of oxygen. Really? Apparently. Yeah. Huh. It's really rough on pregnant women. It's like having the flu. Whoa. So we went back to Los Angeles for something.


I forget what we went. And then immediately she felt better. And I was like, and then we talked to her doctor the whole deal. Like, yeah. It's really bad to be, especially if your body's not acclimated. If you just move there and then of a sudden you're pregnant. Yeah. It's just, it was too rough. but I always had this, I always had this itch to get back there. Like, to get back to the, the mountain areas above Boulder are so amazing. The Flat irons. Oh dude, you can't, like, you're driving down the road, you're like, am I in a fucking movie? Right. Yeah. Or is this how I get to my house? Because this seems like a movie. It seemed too good. I always say that. It's like what we love. We all love, everyone loves art. you know, you love to look at this painting or a cool sculpture. It's a thing that like, your mind interacts.


You're like, wow, it's amazing. But nature is that times a million. I know. And real nature, like mountains and trees and the, the sunlight like going through the leaves, it's like, oh my God. It's incredible. Yeah. It's like your day is enriched by the, just the beauty of it all. And also you're humbled by it. Oh yeah. It's a good thing for the soul. You gonna feel small. You feel so fucking small when you're Surrounded by uncaring. Just nature. Yeah. And it's just insanely beautiful. There's don Don't know why human beings register Beauty when it comes to like, objects and stuff. I wonder like, what evolutionary benefit is it to look at a flower and go, God, that's amazing.


Yeah. Like, what is that? And also the flower rewards you with smell and you can touch the petals. Sure. And that's a central experience. Yeah. That's, that's a good, that's a good way of looking at it. Yeah. Yeah. But there's a lot of things that are beautiful. It's like, why, why? I guess a lake is beautiful because there's food in there. So you like get excited by the blue water and the clear water means it's not polluted. Like, oh. 'cause you see a brown water lake, it doesn't look great. Oh yeah. you know those Reservoir lakes? Ooh. Yeah. There was one in Fort Collins Catfish pond. You're like, whoa. You ever seen those people that go noodling? Of course. Cover their hands in dog food. I've noodled, man. Have you noodled noodled in Mississippi one time? Did you ever get a catfish? No. No. You tried? Oh yeah.


That is a wild activity. My armpit and mud just waiting. That's Such a wild activity. Yeah. But hey, you get food out of it. Oh, you Get a lot of food. Yeah. Those fucking things are huge. Sometimes when they pull them out, you call 'em wrestling with them, dude. And they're just like smacking 'em against the Yeah. It's a fucking 50 pound fish that's attached to your arm trying to pull you into its hole. Yeah. Into the mud. Or you can fuck up and get a snapping turtle. You get a snapping turtle or a carp. God forbid you get a car, A carp won't bother me. But a snapping turtle bothers the shit. Shit outta me. Here we go. Look at that. Look at that Motherfucker. That's prehistoric. Oh, that's that lady Hannah Baron. I follow her on Instagram. That was the same. She's always noodling good for her. Yeah. She's like a cute southern girl who goes noodling for catfish and goes hunting.


And there's like a whole industry of like hot girls who go hunting. It's a good, it's a good racket. Look at The size of that fucking fish. Man. Look at that thing. That thing is so massive. Wow. I mean you could eat that for three or four days. I'd like to eat a couple things in that video. I hear, you Know, come, Hey, come on, come on. That muddy water. Don't bother me. No, no. Come on. The fish is later. I want sushi right now. Yeah. Ha ha. I want some taco. you know what I'm playing. But the, the, the noodling thing, like that water don't look good. That doesn't look beautiful. You know, and it feeds off that, you know, like that's where it's getting its nutrients is from the mud.


But you fry it up. It's not bad. Oh, they're Delicious. Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of things that are ugly as fuck that are like, they used to think of lobsters as poor people. Food not nuts. It's the best. They serve it to prisoners and shit. They're crazy. Yeah. They used to fish 'em outta the East River. Like for bar food. Yeah. It would go like back in the 18 hundreds they'd go Into, those were chicken tenders. That was their nachos. Yeah. Fucking lobster. It was our favorite food ever. It's so good. I'm not over it. I'm not over it at all. Yeah. When I first got my first development deal, you know, I've been poor my whole life. And then I got my first development deal when I was like 24 or something like that. 25 I guess. I guess I was 25 somewhere around then.


Anyway, the point is, up until then I'd always been poor. And then my manager contacts me like a couple months later. He said, do you have a gambling problem? And I said No. Why? And he goes, you're spending so much money. I just thought, 'cause you know, I played a lot of pool. Yeah. I go, no dude, I'm eating lobster every night. I just, I had all this money. I was like, bro, I'm gonna spend it. I didn't have any thought at all about saving it. I was like, what? Saving it. That was me. I just bought a couch. I bought like a $9,000 couch for our new home. And. I felt so much guilt. Yeah. You feel guilt for sure. But when you sit in that sucker, you're like, Oh.


Also for the rest of our lives, this is a forever home, dude. you know? Dude, we Have May West's couch. I know, dude. In the green room of the mothership. That's how long a couch can hang around for and move around. Yeah. Yeah. Shout out to Peter Shore. Shout out to Shaman. They sold me my couch. Peter Shore gave me the, the the, the couch that's in the mother show. Dude. That, that dude is one of the most fascinating people. He has like 12 different degrees. Oh, Peter's brilliant. He's So smart. Dude. He sent me some shit that he wrote and it's really good. He's definitely the smartest of the shores. Yeah. I don't know. Yeah. He's the smart, he's the one I know. But yeah, I know all of them. Scott's great too. The other brother that lives in San Diego, he's awesome. I love him.


Yeah. And Pauly Paulie's awesome too. Paulie's like a different human now. It's fun. He's fun. He seems To be changed. He's a sweetheart. He really is Calm. He's very, yeah. you know, I think, listen, that kid got famous when he was like 18 years old. Like, that's not good for anybody. That's not good for Miley Cyrus. I've met so many people that got famous when they were young. Macaulay Culkin did a podcast with him. It's, it's poison. That Was a good paw. Dude. He's an interesting guy. I wanna befriend him. He's in Paris. He's a very smart guy. Yeah. Very, very smart. He's and interesting and kind and like cool to talk to, but you don't get through that and not get fucked up. But Pauly you know, I mean he was being babysat by Sam Kinison.


Like what? Yeah. Like he grew up with his, his mom. Like, literally like, leave him in the crib. Let him cry. I'll make him funny. Yeah. Did I went to a party at Roman Polanski's house in Paris. What? Yeah. Well like I did a show in Paris. Paris was he there? So his son Elvis was like, you must come to my party. And I was like, alright, we're not gonna hang out with you. And then someone else was like, that's we're, it's in Roman Polanski's house. You should go to the party. So we mobbed deep. I told all these comics and we roll in there. Whoa. And then instead of going up when we get to the apartment, we have to go down. 'cause Roman Polanski said no party in my house. So we had to party in the parking garage below his home. Oh God. It was so I had, we had the highest expectations that we were going into Shangri La, you know?


Right. But no, we just like partied by some shitty euro trash cars as like a 16-year-old dj. The worst music ever. And we drank warm beer. Yeah. But Polanski, did you see him? No. No. I did not. but I did go into the apartment to use the bathroom. Oh. It's very nice up there. I Bet. Very nice. Very well appointed place. Yeah. I mean, dude. He might be a pedophile, but fucking Chinatown. That seems like a lot of people were pedophiles back then. Well, It was a different time. That's what's crazy. Like there's songs. Yeah. Like Christine 16. Let's get a couple more candles on that cake. Yeah, Yeah. Like 16 candles.


I need two more boys. Yeah. And then there was the other song, she was only 17. And then there was the Rick James song. She was 17, but she was sex ed. Yeah. Yeah. In jail Bait. Yeah. That song rules What's jail bait? Which NuGet man. Oh, that's right. Yeah. Yeah. Well he had, he had a few issues with that as well. Just saying he rules. It was a Different time. Yeah. Back then guys like Seinfeld dated that Shoshana LTE girl. She was like 17. She Looked like that Catfish woman at the time though. Exactly. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. Oh yeah. Age is just a number baby. You're like Aristotle. Yeah. Yeah. Like Socrates. Normal, normal stuff.


Jesus. Why is everybody so uptight? I've never banged a kid, but Neither have I. Yeah, but I don't Think I'd Like it. but I think of it very differently when it's a hot woman and a 17-year-old kid, hot woman and a 17-year-old boy. Everybody's fine with Of course. It's a joke. Throw him a parade. Exactly. Yeah. But a a 17-year-old girl and a hot man. Yeah. And you're like, what's wrong with you? You piece of shit. I know. you know, there was this kid, like Chris Hemsworth started fucking high school seniors. I mean, allegedly. I don't know. You know what I'm saying? Like, if you did that, that story. No, I, I don't think the story exists. I think it's fake. But I mean those, those Are the luckiest girls in the world. I know. They'd be like, oh my God, he's so fucking Cute.


Yeah. You lose your virginity to Hemsworth. Oh, I doubt there's 17-year-old virgins left. Don don't Know these days. These kids are fucking Yeah, They really are. They're getting after it. They can't get enough of it. Well, They have porn on their phone. I Know. Dude. They're so warped. They're so warped. I mean we are running a mass psychology experiment on kids. Yeah. And no one's talking about it. No. Their brains are mushed. They Have to be. Yeah. They have to be. Dude, It's really hard to have a conversation with young people because their constantly reaching for their Phone. They can't stop. They Can't. Yeah. Because they're just getting pure serotonin and the world's at their fingertips. Well Think about podcasts. It's like the only time that I ever get a chance to talk to someone and not look at my phone at all. Yeah. It's the only time I know. Normal. If you And I, were at dinner. I might look at my phone real quick.


I might, I gotta text this guy back. I find some reason why it's so important. Show me a video. Send this message video. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Show you some funny, show you that guy dancing around. I'm watching. Hopefully that's after dinner. It's the mint. Yeah. That one might fuck up your appetite. Yeah. Whew. It's like looking in a mirror. Jesus. Maybe that's my new course. Yeah. The anarchy thing didn't work out, but I could kind of rap. Yeah. if I can rap, I can do this Alone. Your hotel room in the mirror. There's actually two rap songs I did online. No way. The clandestine Apostles. Oh, The Clandestine Apostles is a great name. Yeah. Me and my wife that we, I I ate edible with my buddy Pat Then. Yeah. We put down a couple tracks.


Oh my God. That's awesome. Yeah. But yeah, I mean it's just like, there's these kids and also there are a lot of really exciting kids doing really cool shit. Oh sure. Like they, if you grow up with every bit of music, if you synthesize that all into something, it's going to be new. Not Just every bit of music, but every bit of music. Instantaneously available anytime you want. Yeah. Just pull out your phone, press a button. Bam. Music. It's, there's never been anything remotely like that. It's A valuable tool. You have the library of Alexandria in your hand. you know Times. You really do. We really do. Oh no, not apostles. Let's hear some of this. Let's go. Poor boys who hate on us. I just fucked. Bitch. You at the disc golf course.


Fuck. I just fucked your bitch. Bitch. if I was child, That's me singing the hook. I don't know why you guys didn't make it. I don't understand. There's no in the world. This was last year. This was last year. I can't hide behind youth on this one. Oh No. I was hoping you were like 12. No, dude. This was the 36-year-old Sam Tallent. That's hilarious. And his wife hilarious. A little high. That's hilarious. That's hilarious. I played for Danny Brown once. He listened to the whole thing. How About that guy last night? Whose mom became a country music star at 54? Excuse me. Star is a big word. You use it like porno star.


They're all stars. Like there's no poor, no one says that. I'm a porn actress. They're all porno stars. I texted Tony this morning, I was like, that was a wild move. Oh my God. It was so wild. It was wild. They found her and she's, was she kind of hot? Kind of. Was she really hot? She was a total babe. Wow. She was a smoking blonde. And Then she had a song in the sun was like Yeah. She was just AI to write the lyrics. Like, hey, shut the fuck up Kid. That was her son saying it too. Yeah. Like, Hey kid. Yeah. This is your mom's opportunity to make it as a country star. I know. And you're selling her out by saying she gets AI to write the lyrics you fuck head. Yeah. That was a bad move on his, How almost should edit that out? So the to fuck the kid? 'cause the kid he, he kind of bombed. Well that he was mad.


Mad about Yeah, he bombed. He bombed. He bombed. Yeah. But he was mad that his mom was out there making legitimate music And they just gave her a career last night. Imagine Sheila. Look. Tony's such a psycho. He'll have her come and perform for Sure. Yeah. She'll be the cocktail girl. Well I think Bread Band followed her and DMed her on the show. On the show. Followed her on Instagram and DMed her. What? What? But do you remember what her name was? We'll follow her. D comma. LEE Dee d comma. LEE. But it was like de apostrophe official right on Instagram, right? I think so. Jamie will find it. Yeah. Jamie's on it right now. Is it d apostrophe? L-E-L-E-E. I don't know if there's an apostrophe on Instagram though. Can you even use an apostrophe when you sign up for an Instagram Name?


No. But like on her Spotify, her name was D Lee. Right. It's d apostrophe LEE on Spotify. And now the Kill Tony fan base is gonna descend upon her. And the JRE Fan base We're talking about. You're a king maker. Let's see the photos of this lady. I got a final order. Come on man. My dick is hard. Let's go. Yeah, Come on. I'm close. I'm close. Jamie, I've been edging the whole time. Me and Sam Tallent been talking about Cox for two hours Now. Yeah. Ever since the Indianapolis thing. Jesus Christ. Yeah. Jesus Christ. Jamie, come on man. You're edging me. Okay. This is the lady. Oh, she's beautiful. Yeah, she's so that's this guy's mom. That's hilarious. I think that's her. That is hilarious. Yeah, man. And then does she really have an OnlyFans or are they fucking right?


No. No. That's funny. Yes. And he's like, do not follow my mom's OnlyFans. Click on Followers. Make sure this is her. Yeah, that's her. She's got 70 followers. She had 63 last night. That's right. That's her. Let's see what she has now. 70. 70. Jamie just followed her. No, I didn't. You should follow her. I'm not fucking up. I'm not fucking up. My algorithm Brain's gonna explode. I'm not fucking up your algorithm. I'm gonna fuck up my algorithm. I didn't wanna see where this goes. I think it's hilarious. It's So funny. Just what the power in your guys' hands. you know? It is ridiculous. It's in the wrong hands for sure. But it's also like this lady, like the son being upset. Yeah. That the mother still has a dream.


Oh, she's 54. Like, yeah. So what, she's alive. She's a human being and she's alive. Yeah. Now she feels safe. She can create. Now Why don't she let her, let her go? You fuck head. Yeah. To be single. Kissing frogs. Yeah. Kissing frogs. That's it. That's her Number 53 in the top 100 country chart. She's a babe. That's like the Bill Hicks joke about Iraq was the fifth largest army. Like Yeah. But after the first three there's a huge drop off. Oh yeah. Salvation Army's number four. Like she's number 53. Like what's Okay, what's 52? Did you ever know Ali Joe Prater? I did not. No. No, no. Damn that guy's so fascinating. Yeah. Yeah. He has a special on YouTube and it's him doing like every hack line that guys did.


but I think he was the first to do them. Like he chugs a beer and he is like, that's all I learned in college. you know? That's his opener. I think he Was a hack. I think so. I I don't think it was like he wrote 'em. I think they were out there. Well, Hicks told a story about Ali Joe when he got real fat and he would have to go on stage at the beginning of the show and they'd throw a sheet over him so he would just be on stage. 'cause he was immobile. So the whole show host feature. And then ladies and gentlemen, Ali, Joe Prater. And they would pull the sheet off of him. Oh My God. Because he was like, you know, a big wad. Oh my. but I guess one time he was smoking under the sheet And he caught it on fire. They caught on fire. Yeah. Man. Couldn't go to the opener. And then the middle right. Without a cigarette.


No. Oh, that's hilarious. Yeah. He'd be under there with like a bottle of Jack Daniels and a bunch of cigs. There's A photo of him at the comedy store in Hollywood and it's him standing next to the comedy store. Was it a van or a limo? I forget. But he's, it's so crazy how big he is. And He's also like five foot four. He looks like Yosemite Sam, but morbidly obese. Yeah, he's a, he's a Ball. Yeah, he's basically a ball. And he probably weighs 500 pounds. That's how Ralph he was. Especially at the end. Yeah. This Ali Joe Prater. Oh, so he is thinner back then. Yeah, This is him and his prime. This is Sleek Ali. Joe Prater. Yeah. This is before he had to go on stage with a sheet. Right. Imagine them accommodating that. Oh, They had to figure out roll Out a 600 pound guy.


Yeah. What? I could go, but I need a sheet. It looks like a prospector. Yeah. Look at that. Yeah. The old days. Richard Pryor. Mitzi. Yeah. Is that Dave Ner? Is that on the right? Oh that's fuck. What's his name? Renegade White Man. He got his MySpace or someone made one for him. Whoa. Nah, it doesn't come up. Oh, he had a MySpace. So MySpace is still a thing. He died in 91. So I don't think, did you think MySpace is like radio in terms of like how many tickets you sell? How is that?


What? What is this? This is Home homepage for MySpace. See what was on there. Wow. What is it featured Go to? Featured. What does it say? I'm on featured. Oh, okay. Artist of the day. Click artist of the day. Who's the artist of the day? See it says there, this was what's the artist of the day on my, this is How we used to book tours when I was in that band. What day is this that this was made? Is this like a from 2008 or is this real I mean? So these, the pictures aren't loading so I don't, it might not be, It might not be up anymore. This is no date. It doesn't Say 2017. 2017. Yeah. So that was the, so they gave up in 2017, gave up the ghost. Didn't like Justin Timberlake buy it or some shit. I Don't know. Did He, the company He owned or he was part of? Yeah, they bought it like for assets probably.


And That was the key For assets. That's How you got bad shows at squats. The, he'd be on MySpace. Well Once Dane Cook became famous on MySpace. I know. Then everybody figured out like, oh my God, you can actually get famous on the internet. Yeah. He was the first guy for sure to get June, 2011. They purchased it for $35 million. I could have saved them a lot of money. I said, Hey guys, you can give them $35. Yeah. What they think they were gonna do Breed life into this corpse. They Made, they made money. Okay. What does it say? Got Bought a couple years later For 87. Some, some other moron bought it. Time. Time bought it for 87 million. That's time. I could have saved you some money too. Yeah. Eight years later.


You are So much better off coming up with your own new social media site. Yeah. Than trying to resurrect one. The people have abandoned. Maybe They like own the music that was posted on there. Well the weird one about MySpace is it was so popular and then not Yeah. Almost like that Facebook. But I mean how did it lose that many people? It wasn't cool anymore. Facebook became cool and young people wanted to be on Facebook. Facebook Is for old people. It is. Yeah. But it's still alive. 'cause old people for the most part because of healthcare advances driving. Yeah. These people, They managed to hang in there longer. They got better medication. Oh yeah. These folks are staying around Now.


They can post. Oh my God. I love reading people com post about like immigration or America. Yeah. Or like what's wrong with this country? Or bringing Jesus back into the school system. I love it. Yeah, me too. And I love. Like reading the arguments and the comments. I love it. Oh yeah. I love it. Yeah. It's good that they have a place to have these insane conversations where it's also saved for everyone to watch forever. I read 'em when I'm, when everyone in my house is asleep. Yeah. Like when everyone in my house is asleep and I'm procrastinating before I write. Right. One of the things that I do is I'll go on Facebook and just read people's rants. Like the fuck. Are you angry about The Dairy Queen in Sturgis? Yeah. Just fucking people marry the, they need to fix these potholes.


Like what? you know the problem is the money's all going to the immigrants. Like it's Like they're, I heard Trump say they're bottoming a ho. Social security. Yeah. They're just chronicling the decay of middle America. Here's Gonna be a shit, a war in this country. I'll tell You what, a rain's gonna come. Let's hope not you fuck heads. Yeah. Jesus Christ. I don't be summoning that shit like a demon. I know, dude. I'll Be like that. How about we all figure out that we're being, being played and come together on important issues. Like real What? What's real freedom? God damnit. Be whatever the fuck you wanna be. Leave everybody alone. Be nice. Yeah. Everybody. You Do it over there. I'll do it over here. Yeah. And yeah and want a jar pickles. Go over there and watch. Let me watch a little bit of that.


For sure. Lemme see that fact I dance around. Exactly. And I'll teach you how to clean a gun. I'll show you how to shoot a bow and arrow. Yeah, let's have fun. The we're way more connected in this country than we are Separate. Everybody wants the same thing. Yeah. It's just, we need to get that in our head and no one's telling us that. Everyone's telling us that there's these battles for our, our, our existence. The Very soul of this nation. Yeah. The soul of democracy. Yeah. The democracy. Democracy. This isn't even a democracy. Fucking No. It's a, it's a republic And it's an oligarchy. Really? Yeah. Yeah. It's just corporations on the country. It is Now. Yeah. The money. It's just people lost their way.


Like the guys who founded this country, they did a great job of like preparing for the worst. Oh yeah. But they didn't understand how big it was gonna get. They had no, how could they Also, if you love freedom of speech and freedom of religion and freedom to gather, you also then have to love the second amendment. Yeah. Like that's the big thing that divides me from like my more liberal friends is like they're into all freedoms. Except for the one that like allows you to protect yourself and your family. you know what I mean? Well I understand why They do it. I do. I understand why they feel that way. It's because gun violence is a warrant. It's a horrible thing. Bad. You hear about gun violence is terrible. It's an American problem. It is an American problem. But, but the problem exists.


Right? Right. So we don't live in a utopian world where people don't try to impose themselves on you. And especially like for someone who's not physically strong, strong or large, it's the great equalizer. Right. If a woman is being attacked, the great equalizer is a gun. Right. It's not karate. It's just not as a person who's a martial artist for their whole life. I'm telling you not, it's not the move. The move is a gun. Yeah. Some fucking asshole breaks into your house and wants to rape you and you're a woman. The answer's a gun. Right. And the cops take too long to get there. For sure. And then you defunded the cops 'cause he thought you're being cute. Yeah. 'cause you wanted to show you weren't racist. And now guess what? It's way worse for everybody. Including the people of color. Including the people. Especially the people that live in bad communities.


Yeah. 'cause the cops are never going there now. So all the people that wanted to avoid all that shit and the cops are the only thing keeping the wolves away from the door. Now you're dealing with it head on. And those are the people that are calling for the refunding of the police. The people in these fucked up neighborhoods. And that's why you need guns. you know? And it's not like the argument to like have guns to protect yourself against the government, the governmental nuke, the government can throw, send in drones. Sure. you know, like don don't think that like a bunch of people that are capable with the submachine guns are gonna be able to defend against the fucking all time greatest army in the world. Yeah. you know, but it is like, you know, you have a little peace of mind and you can buy a little bit of, you can sleep a little bit sounder knowing you got that nine millimeter in the drawer.


It helps. Yeah. And it's also, you know, the idea that the government, well here's the problem. The government is people. Right. So the military's people and the people that are in the military are the least likely to go along with this idea. 'cause most of 'em are blue collar. you know, most of 'em are lower middle class. Yeah. Lower class. Like there are people that are struggling in, in this world and they don't have trust in this fucking institution that's telling you to attack their neighbors. 'cause the neighbors are not compliant. I know. With some evil dictators. Yeah. Good luck pulling that shit off. That's where Civil war happens. That's where civil war, that's when the army has to turn its guns on their friends and family. That's gonna be a real tough sell. Yeah.


I think the ideological civil war is much more likely to take place that something, some, some existential notion. Something that we, we all agree is the end of our, our society, our civilization as we know it. If we don't do X, Y, or Z and then on one side people oppose it and one side people support it and then they start stripping rights away and they start like fueling the flames to get this done. It's po It's really possible that we could have a civil war in this country. The way people are so divided left and right today is bizarre. Fully accentuated by not just social media, but social media that's being operated by other countries.


Yeah. A lot. Like we talked about this before, but 19 of the top 20 Facebook Christian pages are run by Russian trolls. Wow. 19. Yeah. So there's 20 of the top Christian sites on Facebook. Millions of people are interacting. 19 of them are run by Russian troll farms. And the other one's the Westboro Baptist Church. You would hope that one would be legit. Yeah. you know, one, one would be legit, but there's a lot of bullshit online and it's because we're so susceptible to bullshit. It would We love it. Yeah. It's Makes sense that they, It's an easy solution. It's what keeps this quotable thing keeps going. And I read on my aunt's Facebook.


you know. Do you think that comedy's gonna be affected by ai? No. 'cause comedy's like one of the only live things that you have to do. Yeah. you know, you have to see it live for it to be very good. You can watch comedy specials. Yeah. But they're not as good as being in the room. Right. I think that it's, we're protected by that And, and ai comedy special as of lately. As of and, and again, it changes so fast, it's so quick. But the ones that I've seen, like the George Carlin one, they made up and they suck. They just feel fake. Yeah. Yeah. It lacks the human heart, the soul of the thing isn't in there. It lacks a, the signature of a, an the, the individual, an actual soul.


And you can't teach timing. you know, is AI gonna learn timing? I wonder all these little like intangible parts of being a good standup. I think it ultimately will, Will AI go and start doing crowd work when they're bombing? No, I don't think so. but I don't think, think it's gonna be able to perform in front of a crowd, I think. But AI specials might be a thing. Well, because they've already got really good AI rap songs For sure. Yeah. Yeah. And AI deep fakes, you know? Yeah. The crazy pornography you can See. Oh yeah. Crazy shit. I mean everybody's fucking Yeah. Yeah. Putin banging Marilyn Monroe. Oh yeah. Yeah. It's good stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Gets me there. I mean, if you imagine if like, that's what porn becomes like instead of, you know, you like, oh, it's like taking advantage of these people.


Like, no, no, no. These aren't even real people. Right. This is just like a, this is a fantasy. This lady gets stuck in the dryer. Right. And she's asking you to pull her out with your cock. It's the only Way. And it's also your ex from college. Yeah. You can like upload her Instagram into the Matrix and then next thing you know, you're jerking off to this unrequited love And then the government finds out that you're doing that. And then they storm troopers, break down your door and find her. Yeah. And you with your pants down right on the computer. Oh. And then you go to thought police jail. Hey man, that's one of the better jails you can go to for mine crimes. Right. As opposed to violent crime Jail. Probably cool neighbors. Oh, for sure. You're in jail with thought police people. Curious people. Yeah. Interesting people. Just Asking questions. Just trying to find out.


Yeah. Inquisitive souls. I just wanna know, why can't I jerk off to this deep fake, yeah. My high school sweetheart. What am I doing wrong? Not hurting anyone wrong. Yeah. What's like the argument for like, give pedophiles, like AI porn of children, you know, because then they can like satisfy their terrible urge. I've heard even worse, I've heard give them robot dolls. Of course I've heard that too. but I think that's a bridge too far. you know's all of it. A bridge too far. It's all fucking weird because I know they're trying, so many people are trying to equate pedophilia with what they're calling minor attracted persons. I know they're trying to rebrand it. How weird. How weird did they would give that one a go. The ultimate evil. Yeah. Let's, let's put a new spin on this. Why would you want to give That one a go?


Remember New Coke? Well, we've got new pedophiles, But isn't it just like, it's indicative of this thing that we're talking about that most people aren't even really thinking about things clearly. Yeah. They're just subscribing. Well, it's easy. If someone you think is smart tells you, you know what to think, then you are unburdened by having to make your own decision. Especially If it seems compassionate. Yeah. Like you're being kind to these people Oh. That are just minor attracted persons. I know. It's not their fault. Yeah. They're born that way. It's like, great. They're born that way. But if they act upon it, they should be beheaded. Yeah. you know, In this Times Square. Oh Yeah. For all to see Middle City. Make an example Of it. Yeah. Make an example. But then problem cover Them in Honey, feed them to Ants problems. The media's completely full shit. And so is the government. And they would decide, you know, Sam Talent's been making a lot of noise.


I don't wanna be the face of this movement show. Let's upload some fucking nasty shit onto his computer. Oh yeah. Which yeah, they definitely have done before to people. Yeah. And then, you know, you have to defend it. And so then all of a sudden there's newspapers, Sam, Tallent in jail for porn. Right. Child porn. Like, oh my God, yeah. That's all I need. And Then the people are out talking, hang him, him Hang. Well no news is bad news, you know? Yeah. It helped me sell in certain markets It probably would. Yeah. In certain places they'd be like, I like That guy. The great pedophile comedian. Yeah. Yeah. Like New Mexico where they used to send the pedophile priests. Yeah. What was that about? Well, they send them all over the place for sure. But there was a few states that had very suspect laws.


Were they sending them to like the reservation and stuff? They definitely did That too. Yeah, I know that. But one of the things that some states, And I, think New Mexico was one of 'em had bizarre laws. Like the age of consent for a girl. Like for a man to be with a girl was like, the girl ought to be 16. Okay. But the age of consent for a boy and a man was like 13. What? Yeah. That's, that's some creative accounting. Right? They're cooking the books. Where'd you come up with that? Yeah. And I. Think the reason being was to exonerate pedophiles. Uhoh. That makes sense. That were like religious pedophiles. It was consensual. Did You ever see, hear No Evil or see is it See No Evil?


I think it's See No Evil, but it's, it's, it, it, it just is really essentially a documentary tracking how all these different pedophiles got moved in the air and they followed this one specific one where this guy had molested, who knows how many fucking kids. One of 'em was a guy. And this was what made Ratzinger have to step down. When that Pope stepped down, he was responsible for sending this one guy. He got caught being a pedophile. So they sent him to a new location where he molested 100 deaf kids. And It's like, that must have sounded terrible in that room. Yeah. And no one knows You're screaming. Yeah. The, The, the fact, the fact that it's like you, you think Catholic priest, you think pedophile like, like That.


Yeah. They're synonymous instant, Instantaneously. Like, you don't, like how many did there have to be before that became completely, it's not like occasionally the UPS driver is a car thief. You know what I mean? Yeah. you know what I mean? Yeah. When I think UPSI don't think Kia boy. Right. you know? Right. Exactly. When I think priests, I do think in a boy, hey, you know, but, But yeah. It's, it's, but their laws were set up, I think in some states. I think that's the suspicion. That's a very good hypothesis. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause you're never going to get rid of it, you know, Just make it look so it's not too illegal. Yeah.


Yeah. Oh, he only missed the age by a year. Come on. The kid Was 11. He was like really grown. He's a tall kid. He's a Tall kid. Pubes already let Him, he's precocious. What's the Big deal? Come on. He likes candy. I really, New Mexico is so weird, dude. It's a weird place. Cockfighting was legal until like eight years ago. It's Still legal in some places. I think cock fighting is legal in multiple states. It Was Louisiana and New Mexico were the last holdouts. Oh, were they? Yeah. Do you, is this for sure? I think so. How, what, what states of cock fighting Still legal. I don't think any are legal, but I think those were the last two. I Had a Gardner that used to cock fight. I went to his house once and he had snuck over from Mexico and he would go back and forth and like one time he said, I'm gonna be gone for like six months.


I'm like, whatcha you doing? He's like, I'm going back to Mexico. I go, when are you coming back? He goes, don don't know if I'm gonna be able to get back. I'm gonna try. Yeah. I go, well, when, when don't you try? you know where I'm at. Let me know. I go, well just get somebody else to take care of it while you're gone. Yeah. Just holler at me. When you got back, Did he go back to cock fight? No, he went back just to go back to Mexico for a little bit. Sure. And he eventually went back to Mexico to move. He eventually gave up on America. Yeah. One day. But he was my gardener for like 10 years. Hmm. Cool guy. But he, he was, he goes, do you want to see the cog fights? And? I was like, yeah, Of Course. Let's see what that's like. Yeah. So he took me to a neighborhood in Los Angeles that I might as well have been in Mexico. There was no non-Mexican people there in the neighborhood.


Everybody spoke Spanish. All the signs were in Spanish. It was like, like, wow. This is like a whole little area that I wasn't aware of. So we go to his friend's house and we go into the backyard and his friend had stacks upon stacks of chicken coops. Wow. Just everywhere. Roosters everywhere. I was like, this is nuts, man. I go, what the fuck is the morning sound like here? Yeah. And he was like, but everybody has chickens. It's no big deal. I was like, everybody has chickens. And there was like this guy over there, you loaded his backyard, filled with roosters. This guy over there, his backyard filled with roosters. Yeah. And they would get 'em together. Everybody would get together and gamble. They would all drink. Yeah. They'd have the chicken fight. One chicken would lose.


They would boil 'em and eat them. And he is like, we're going to eat 'em anyway. Of course. And This is like way we, we gamble. Yeah. Then one will die with pride. Yeah. I mean it's barbaric. but I be, it's a hell of a show. They put Razors on their claw. That's Where I lose interest. Well, That's the only way to get 'em to kill each other. Really. Otherwise they just peck each other and fucking get tired. Got a couple fun facts here for you. Okay. I got an article from last year, New York Times about cock fighting. Well, according to some rooster, men, the game foul or fighting chicken was almost chosen to be the National Bird of America. And it should have A breeder once told me, an eagle ain't nothing more than a glorified buzzard. That's, that guy's an idiot.


Yeah. Eagles are majestic. Eagles are fucking amazing. They catch salmon with their feet. You fucking retard. Right. They do war in the sky. Such game foul lore and sentiment abound. George Washington and Thomas Jefferson were Devouted Rooster fighters. They were devoted rooster fighters. Keep going. George Washington Union and Confederate soldiers put aside their differences on Sundays during the Civil War to pit their chickens against one another. This is the solution to that partisanship that you've been talking about. Abraham Lincoln was given the nickname Honest Abe, after he displayed impartiality as a Cockfighting judge. USA What?


They fought 'em on the White House law. Wow. They fought them right on the White House lawn says David Thurston, president of the United Game Foul Breeders Association. A national nonprofit dedicated to the bird's preservation. Wow. Wow. Man. This country. There's so many different stitches in the fabric of the space. Let's end on that. Let's end on that high note. Sam Sam Tallent. Tell everybody well, where they can see your special, You can see it on Matt and Shane's YouTube page. What Is, what is it? What is it Called? The Toad's Morale. I mean They, their YouTube page. I think it's called Matt and Shane Secret podcast. YouTube. Oh, okay. And it's called The Toad's Morale. Yeah. And I. Also have a, I have a new travel show on my YouTube. If you wanna subscribe to my YouTube, that'd be huge.


Come see me live Pittsburgh, Detroit coming Your way. Nice. And my podcast is good. Chevy behemoth. There's yeah. And website. This is, this is the travel show. This talents worldwide tour. Nice. Yeah. Sam talents wide world man, Tokyo super Proud of this. Nice. Me And my boy Patrick. Beautiful. Yeah, dude, shout out to Jack. Beautiful. You're doing fun stuff. Dude. It's been cool to get to know you and you're a very funny guy. Thank you. And you're a cool guy. It's been a lot of fun. I appreciate you, man. I appreciate you too. Thanks for helping Appreci out there. Appreciate my life. Oh, please. Thank you more to come. You're gonna feel weird about being rich. I can't wait. Alright. Bye everybody.