
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The. Joe Rogan. Experience Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night. All day. Hello Chad. Hi. What's happening man? Nothing much. Nice to meet you in person. Yeah, likewise. We were chatting about how Google is totally listening to me, right. Confirmed 100%. 'cause your Google newsfeed is always like stuff that you're interested in. Pretty much. Yep. but I was having a conversation with my wife about purses and she was explaining to me that certain purses, like you can't just buy the purse, you have to develop a relationship with a store owner. Like what? I don't get that. You think if you're trying to sell stuff, you'd wanna sell it right when they came in.


Exactly. don don't get it. But like there's a thing that certain like posh people really love and it's exclusivity. Sure. They love it. I'm the only one that can get this watch. I'm the only one that can get this fucking purse or whatever it is. So anyway, all of a sudden Google starts showing me purse things. They start showing me all this stuff about purses. I didn't, I didn't look anything up about purses. I just had a conversation with the phone. Sit at the dinner table. That's crazy. Yeah, it Happens all the time, man. It's weird. It ends up in your feed. You're like, oh, my forearms are too small. Next thing you know, you got these flexi deals and the Gorilla Grip deal thingy that spins Around. Yeah. There's no doubt it happens. There's 100%.


No doubt it happens. 'cause that, that is the only explanation for that showing up. 'cause generally it's always the same stuff. Same kind of things that I'm interested in. Stuff that I click on. UFOs what? MMA, you know, some new car something. It's like, it makes sense and it shows up in my new and I'm like, why are they showing me three different articles about purses? What the fuck is going on? You fucking creeps are listen to. Yeah. Oh. Oh wow. Is that legal? How's that work? Do you have to sign off on that? On the app? Like if you used the Google News app, are you signing off on that? There Are multiple ways that you may have opted into something that's allowing that to happen. Yeah. Jesus. I haven't read any of those things.


But I scroll to the bottom. Hit the thing. If you Read 'em, you're a psycho. If you're sitting there reading wrong, it take you forever. Yeah. Like how big is the Apple one? It's three Is That one? It's three full scrolls. Yeah. Apple's pretty good about stuff. I think they're probably the best about that because they're the first company that actually stepped in and said, we're gonna stop com companies from being able to share your information. They're the the first that did what was, what exactly did They do, Jamie? They made some sort of a, a big deal. It was an advertising move and a lot of people got pissed off at them for it. It, it might've been the, the ability to opt out.


I think they might've given you the option to opt out on the settings of the iOS for the first time. I'll check Something like that. I think you're right. Something like that. But a bunch of people are like this 'cause it's gonna affect our advertising, but yeah. Yeah. You guys are stealing money. Stop doing that. I spend my mornings going through my emails unsubscribing. Oh yeah. To stuff. Yeah. It's just too much. It's, there's companies, like, just one of our ads is like, which one is that? That they'll go out and find the subscriptions. Which one is that? Jamie. You'll find it. Oh. Like they go, they go find it and they'll do do it for you. you know what you're Subscribed to. Yeah. And you're like, oh, national Geographic still, you know, whatever it is. Whatever. Oh God. I am leaking money.


I'm sure. Apparently everybody is. It's just you get so accustomed to subscribing, like, oh yeah, that'll be easy. I'll get the cereal every month. Yeah. No, no. Shit. I'm five years into a lot of week long subscriptions. Free Subscriptions. Yeah. Well that was how they used to get. Do you, how old are you? 49. Okay. You might be old enough to remember. I'm 56. Do you remember those Columbia Record House deals? Oh hell yeah. Nobody paid for that. How did they make any money? I, I still Have collection coming in. Everybody does. I feel like that was a way that they made artists seem more popular than they were. I think that was part of their deals. They could say they sold, you know, millions and millions of records.


Sure. I also think it was probably a way that they could rip artists off. 'cause they could say we lost all this money on Columbia. Like they could like factor it in, you know, and say, I know it seems like he sold a million copies, but actually 400,000 of them are Columbia. Yeah. And nobody's paid for Them. The mc hammer clause, Right? Is that what it was? don Don't know, but he's that Guy. Oh, did he, did that happen to him? I I know that his record deal screwed him overhead to file for bankruptcy, all that stuff. Oh yeah, that's right. He went full mc hammer too. He went crazy. Like he, he was like getting some house built. I remember it was like the most extravagant house. He had like this super expensive marble that was being brought in and you know, and then they just, I guess they pulled the rug out from under 'em.


Yeah. That's wild. Those dirty bastards. I don't know the, the whole story behind them. Empty hammer thing. But they, they for sure don't want to pay you all that money. Oh, no way. If you look at, if you look at royalties for comics, it's 0.00, like 15 zeros and then 1 cent. Oh Yeah. You get nothing for audio, for comedy audio. You get nothing. Yeah, you get nothing. It's always been like that though. It's, you know, especially comedy albums after like 1980 fucking bought comedy albums. I mean, I don't know, but it's like, plus the lawsuit. you know about the lawsuit? Which one? They had to take a bunch of people off of Pandora and Spotify and everything because of the, the lawsuit that they went, they were trying to get writer and performance credits.


Who was trying to get it? Just a, a, a company. It was, I can't remember what it's called. Jamie can find it. Okay. So what, well, what else are you finding? Experian was the company that does the subscription. Experi. Okay. Experian. That's good to know. Yeah. So they'll find your subscriptions and they'll yank 'em. So what is the company that's doing this? So, So you had all these royalties coming in and then all of a sudden this, this company, there was like a, a bunch of estates like the Robin Williams estate, I think maybe George Carlin, where they were like, Hey, we, we should be getting more, more money for this because it's 50 50 split, but songwriters are getting a writer credit and a performance credit. Right. And so they wanted comics to do that, but that doesn't really make sense because comedians are like, I'm not using your bits.


Like Right. And so you wouldn't get a writing credit for my performance. Right. So it was strange. And so then Pandora was like, fuck this. We're pulling everything down and pulled a bunch of guys off. Including, including myself. but I still totally understand. So who wanted the credit? Like when you say writer and then performer credit was that to the comics or The comics would get paid twice. Yeah. Okay. So instead of like an artist that didn't write their song, the comics were like, no, we deserve to get paid twice 'cause we created the entire content. Exactly. But, and Pandora was like, no, we can't do that. Right. Because the writers I mean like when you're singing a song and someone else wrote it. Right. That makes sense. Right, right, right. But no one's due in anybody's bits. Right, right. So like, I can't sit up here and do a hedberg bit.


And if you are, you probably bought them from them, You know? Right. Yeah. So there was some sort of agreement. Yeah. Yeah. I bought a a, a heckle line once from a buddy of mine back in Boston. It's such a dumb line. Brian Frazier, the comedian. The joke was, it's This is like to someone in the audience that's heckling you. Like, this is my impression of God when he made you. Okay. Just a dash of cunt. Oh no, the cap fell off too much. Cunt. How much did you pay for it? I don't remember. I think it was $500. I don't remember. It was such a great line. I was like, you can't use it, dude, that's a hilarious line. He was like, I'll never use it.


I go sell it to me. I'll fucking it. But you know, I was like a year into comedy, I was like, for, you know, when you're a year into comedy, anything that works, it's like you have tools. You have just like a toolbox. Oh yeah. Anything that works. They're so precious and you're so scared to write new ones. Ah, yeah. You're like start to freak out and then you're like, oh, this come and go. Gas station be always works. Right. you know, so you fall back on that. Right. And it even, that sucks. you know, it's kind of like the problem is like when you're starting out, you say things in a very specific way and that might not be the best way to say that bit, but that's the way you're kind of stuck saying it. Yep. That is a problem with bits. Like sometimes when you create, even today, like I'll create a, I'm working on a new one and I'm like, yeah, I don't know about this.


I feel like there's another way to say this and I'm just banking on the way that I've been saying it over and over and over again. And maybe I should just abandon it and let it sit there for a bit and come back to it. Sometimes I, so I didn't work summers for a long time. I have two kids and when I was, you know, when they were in high school, I'd always be home during the summer. And I found that in September I would always be able to fix bits a little bit better. Mm. Because I let them sit. I almost forgot about 'em. you know how it starts. Right? And then your brain is like, I have to get to this point, but I can't remember how I got there. Right. And so then you start to put it together a little differently and They're probably working in the back of your head subconsciously too. Because even though you're not doing comedy for three months, you're still probably thinking in three months I'm gonna do comedy.


Yeah, I think so. 'cause yeah, So it's probably like working in the background Most likely. Yeah, for sure. That I mean, that's what they say. Sleeping on it is all about. Yeah. Like if you're piano piece, if you can't figure it out, you play it before you go to bed a bunch of times and then all of a sudden the next morning you wake up and you're like, fiddle it. There's been a few times where I woke up in the middle of the night to pee And I realized I how to fix a joke. Yeah. Just like all of a sudden you're like, oh, that's it. That's it. It just needed one more little ingredient. It is a fun eureka moment when you fix a bit. Dude, what is it? What, where's it coming from? Like, where's it, where's the joy coming from? No. Where's the, where's the ideas coming from? Where the fuck are they coming from? I think They do sit, I think there's a part back there that's just constantly going and we don't hear about it.


And then when it's done, they're like, get it to the fucking front. Yeah. but I but the, even the creation of an idea is so mysterious. I mean, that's why people invoke the concept of the muse. you know, that's the Stephen Pressfield helix swears by it that the War of Art book is all about the muse, about summoning the muse. When you write, there's some, there's something weird going on. I'll tell you that because it seems like they just like enter into your head like a photon, like some shit from space. Yeah. Just do, all of a sudden it's in there and like, oh, that's an idea. And even though you, it's your idea. Like I, I take credit for writing. Like I'll take credit for fixing jokes, I'll take credit for like going up. but I always feel like I can't really take credit for the original idea.


The original idea is almost like this little gift. Absolutely. you know, like you see something or somebody's doing something and you go, oh shit. And that sparks something and you just go, go, all right, I gotta write this down. Sometimes You just say it outta nowhere. You just say it like you don't even know why you're saying it. You're just saying it. Yeah. And it's like, you didn't even think that much. It just came out. Yeah. There's times where you on stage where you're just all of a sudden riffing a bit and you hit 'em with something and they start clapping. You're like, oh god damn. Thank God I'm recording this. Oh yeah. Sometimes, sometimes that's the best part of the bit. And you're like, what the fuck is going on? Like, how is that the best part of the bit? It Feels, it's almost like you're playing chess in your head and you are seven steps ahead, but you don't even know it.


Right. It's a weird fucking art form. Weird art form. It's one of the only art forms where almost everybody writes their own stuff. Like if you think about musicians, there's a lot of musicians who write their own music and they're kind of revered. Right. Whereas musicians, when you go to see a musician, like a singer songwriter and they write their own stuff and you, you sit there and you're like, wow, this person crafted this in their mind and practiced it alone. And you know, there's something like magical about that. But you can go see like a really talented singer that has writers that write for them. Yeah. And they're great too. But you don't feel the same, you Know? No. 'cause you feel like you're, you're good at playing the guitar. You have a great voice. You're good at making someone else's work.


Like I used to audition for stuff. I am fucking toilet at auditioning. It's the truth. I go in there and it's somebody else's words and I'm just, every you can hear the people in front of you. They're getting huge laughs. I go in there, nothing, don don't, I don't know. I, I don't think I'd be a good singer of someone else's song. I think I'd have to write it. I never wanted to be an actor. I had zero acting, no wishes, no dreams, no aspirations, zero just wanted to be a comic. And then I got a development deal from doing MTV. Okay. And then because of this development deal, I wound up being on a sitcom. So I went, my point is I did two auditions ever. One was for a show called Hardball.


I got that show and that show got canceled. And another one was for a show called News Radio. And. I got that show. Yeah. And that was the only two that I had ever done. Ah, good for you. It was the nuttiest thing of all time. People would get so mad at me. I'm like, look, I just stepped in shit. I got super lucky. Yeah. Like, they were looking for a cocky baseball player for this show on Fox And. I went in and they met me and they're like, oh, this is the guy. That's great. And, and then I did this show where I played mentally challenged conspiracy theorist, maintenance guy at a radio station. That was perfect too. Yeah. I was like, I Got these, they always sent me in for these auditions where I was like, I, I was 30 something years old and it would be 22.


Good looking. And you're like, what the fuck am I doing here? I went in one time and it was like a Abercrombie and Fit shoot. Oh God. And so I go in And, I'm looking around, everyone's a foot taller than me. Chiseled jawline. I'm like, There's just agents will throw anything at the wall. Yeah. I went out in a, a lot. I definitely did a bunch of auditions after those shows that I didn't wind up getting, like for movies and stuff like that. They're so weird. You're in a room with someone and then you know, you have to improvise. Sometimes they ask you to improvise. Like, look, this is the one time I, I went in for the reading and the, the pa was this kid. It's not the kid's fault, you know, he's, but he's reading the script. He's terrible. And you're supposed to be reacting.


Yeah. And he's barely getting the sentence Right. Right. And then you're supposed to have this realistic reaction to this. Yeah. you know, and then they were like, you know, I want you, this is what the guy said. He goes, I want you to get, you are very excited. Your friend is getting married. You're very excited. I want you to write down a piece of paper. you know, get married. You're trying to talk him into getting married. And I'm go, you, so you want me to do this with this guy? I go, look, if you wanna bring in an actor and me and an actor can fuck around, I'll go. I go, he's barely getting through these conversa. This is silly. And then I was like, don, don't wanna be an actor. I'm like, I, I realized like, why am I even here? Yeah. Like, don don't wanna do this. Yeah. Lemme get the fuck outta here. Nowhere in real life. Yeah. Nowhere in real life would somebody go, I'm thinking about getting married and your response is, you gotta get married.


Yeah. I mean it's Crazy. Yeah. It was a dumb script. The movie was terrible. But a friend of mine was in it. And I was like, ah, it'll be fun to do a movie with him. And then, but going on the audition, I'm like, what am I doing? It was just one of those movies was just, it was written for fake people. It was written in some weird way for people that don't exist. I was like, you're trying so hard to make people talk and think this way. These aren't real people. Yeah. This is B bizarre. Like, every person in this movie is totally disingenuous. Like every word that you wrote for them is not like anything people ever say. Right. This movie sucks. It fucking sucks. And it looks like you wrote it on Adderall and you're just trying to make some money.


And I. Why am I here? you know? Yeah. Have you seen the show suits? I have not. Okay. So they say they have this really weird cadence where I'll, they'll say, and I'm not gonna goddamn do it. They use God in front of stuff and it's, but it's every character. Oh God. And so you're like, how did all these people meet that you from The twenties or Something? No, it's, it's like, it's Current. Yeah. It's, oh, that's, I think it's still on. I think it just had a, a thing come on it. Oh, that's Bad writing. Or a bunch of people that are like really easily influenced, you know? Yeah. That's like, that's where accents come from. Like, one fucking dude probably talked a certain way and everybody's like, that guy sounds cool. I list too. I was, I was reading that some people have a thing in their head where when they're talking to someone with an accent to make that person feel more comfortable, they start to speak in the accent without even knowing.


Oh Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Definitely. Yeah. I mean, when I was a kid, I would switch accents. Like when I moved to new places, like I realized, like I only lived in Boston for like six years. And I was 19. And I was on television for this thing that I did. And I heard myself on tv. And I was like, Ew, ew. I had no idea. My accent was so strong. I was like, yuck. Oh, Boston Accent. Yeah. It was terrible. Oh, interesting. So I killed it for the most part until I get a couple of drinks in me. Yeah. That's the same with me. You put whiskey in me, And, I, get a little Canadian. Yeah. Yeah. Especially if I'm around my friends from Boston, we're all talking shit to each other. Those guys talk shit. Yeah. You fucking clocks that guy. Yeah. The best place to do standup because to develop there, like you are, you are.


That treadmill is going. You gotta hop on. You gotta move, get moving. Everybody's moving. Nobody in the audience has any attention span. They don't want to hear you dilly dally and pontificate up there. They want fucking jokes. Yeah. Hammer me. I gotta go to work Tomorrow. Yeah. They're all tired. I love Doing comedy in Boston. Blue collar. It's a great, it's a great, it's not even necessarily blue collar because there's a lot of like white collar people that come to the shows too. It's just like work ethic. There's a, when you have to shovel your car outta snow every fucking year you have work ethic. You can't get up at eight o'clock to be at work at nine. Now you have to get up at seven. 'cause you got an hour of shoveling to do Yeah. Defrost the windshield. Yeah. You gotta do all that shit. You gotta start the car up, let it run.


Heat the inside to defrost the windshield. Get the fucking scraper. And then you're out there on a fucking skating rink. Your street's a skating rink. Yeah. So you have to drive five miles an hour and you have to make sure that you hit the brakes before, way before the car in front of you are, you're gonna cause a pile up. I saw so many pile ups, man. Yeah. Who? God damn. I grew up in Minnesota. I lived in Minnesota my whole life. You've Seen it. It's just nonstop. I think Minnesota's the number one state where people die in deer accidents. Is that, is it the number one? Oh, like getting getting shot you mean? No, no, no. Deer on the road. Oh. Got, yeah. I would think that car accidents, I would think that It's either Michigan or Minnesota. I forget which one, but, but those places you grow up in a place like that, man, you develop some resilience.


Yeah. Those are different human beings. Yep. You grow up in fucking Florida, the only thing you have to worry about, the sky becomes an angry God every couple of years. Yeah. I remember I Pennsylvania. Oh wow. Interesting. Damn. One in 38 chance of hitting an animal. So you drive for two months, you're gonna hit one in West Virginia. West Virginia. Pennsylvania's one in 59. That's still high. That but one in 38 is crazy. Yeah. That's wild. One in 38 means every month you're hitting a fucking deer. That is so crazy. That is so crazy. It doesn't mean that, it means overall the time of your life.


Holy shit. One in 38. But that's a lot. I've never hit a deal. It's probably stupid to put out into the universe. Yeah, it's, but I've Never hit one. I've never hit one either. I did hit a squirrel once I felt so bad. Little guy was moving left and Juing left and right. That's what They do. Not sure what They do. And I'm like, come on, fucker. Don't do this. Don't do this. And he did it. And. I felt the thump. I'm like, oh no. And I. Look back. And I. See his little legs kicking. But you know what vultures have to eat too. That's what, that's what that's all about, you know? Oh, Absolutely. That's a weird thing too, when you see a dead animal and you're like a, and then you come back like 20 minutes later and you see these monsters hovering over it. Devouring It Just gone.


They're so gross. Pulling everything out. Oh. Have you ever seen a Tibetan sky funeral? Uhuh Bro. And Tibet, I don't know which religion. don don't know what, what they're practicing. But they have this ritual called the Tibetan sky funeral. And instead of burying people, what They do is they chop them up and they feed them to vultures. What the fuck? Yeah. And this graphic video of this online, 'cause This is like this big ritual. So this graphic video of these dudes with these like giant cutting boards and fucking cleavers hacking up people. And there's a swarm of vultures all around them. So they're hacking up body parts.


And then these vultures are just devouring these human beings. And we think it's gross. Right. But isn't it grosser that you waste the body Dump it. Yeah. What is this Jamie? A video of it. Oh, it's a video of it. That guy looked a little too cute to be there. I was like, what are you doing there, fella? I thought it was a movie. So look at these. Look at all these vultures. Jesus This is like, when pelicans follow a fishing boat, Oh, they 100% know what's going on. 'cause they've been doing it all the time. Tourist attraction in some part of China. Jesus Christ, tourist attraction. Oh, there they go. So they're gonna show you hacking the guy up. Sure. Get it. But there's, there's plenty of other videos that are more documentary style that show like very graphic images of this, this person just hacking apart this bot.


How Big, how big do they cut the pieces? It's like chunks. Okay. And the vultures. They're all, you saw how they are? They're like piranha. Yeah. They're all just on it. Yeah. And they just devour everything. They devour the bones, they devour everything. Isn't that better though? I mean, look, nobody wants their loved one to be reduced to meat, you know? But is it better that you're taking your loved one and you're pumping them filled with some toxic chemical? Yeah. That makes it so that they'll never, never rot. You can ex exhume them years later and find fentanyl traces and shit. like a, if You believe, if you believe like in something else, like something's going on after lifewise. Right. I mean the soul's gone anyways. It's, it's the vessel that you're putting in the ground or letting vultures.


And if you believe that this person was murdered, like do a better job now. Like how much time do you need? you know, do it and film it and get, get all your, I guess maybe like that. Remember that HBO show autopsy? Did you ever remember that show Uhuh? There was a great show by this guy, Dr. Michael Badden. And Dr. Michael would always catch like husbands that poisoned their wives secretly, or wives that had poisoned all their husbands and people that had killed people like in secret, sneaky ways and gotten away with it. And then he gets on the case and he finds like really crazy, crazy examples. One of them was this one guy after, after his wife had died.


I don't even know if it was his wife, it was maybe his girlfriend. But he, he's, he, he kept buying cases of perfume and no one could figure out why this guy was doing this. But he left his wife in the bed and never reported that she was dead and kept fucking her and put like a mask on her. And then eventually put like some artificial vagina down there. And the perfume. He was pouring perfume on her to mask the decay. And so eventually finally they caught him. But they got this images of what used to be his wife with like a mask on the face. And the, the, there was clothes on what's left of this body. And then there's this like tube where the vagina is, and this fucking psycho was banging her corpse and like passing out from the smell and just cases of perfume.


This dude was just pouring perfume all over her corpse. I feel like I could solve that crime. You have to be in the room. I mean you have to be like in the neighborhood or something. You have to, have you ever smelled a body Uhuh? When I was a kid, the apartment that we lived in in New Jersey, this, this guy died on the, one of the floors. And the smell is insane. It's so specific. It's so different. A rotting human body apparently has a very unique odor. And like the, the coroners and the guys that get called in, like when there's a smell, they know what it is right away they go, that's a person. This, it's different than a dog. Interesting. Yeah, Because I was gonna say, mice die in my garage. And, I can't go in there for two days.


Yeah. I mean it sucks. So a person's gotta Be be, oh my God. It's, it was horrible. It's the whole hallway. It couldn't specify like, where it was coming from. It was like a skunk, you know, it was everywhere. Jesus. The whole hallway just wreaked this. Like, it was just like the universe letting, you know, get outta there, Get, Get the fuck the new, get the man. It's giving you this smell. Not, not just New Jersey I mean that hallway. Sure. It was, it's giving you that, this smell of death. It's a very specific smell. Do you know how the guy died? Don? Don't remember. I was a little kid. Oh. I think I was five at the time. but I just, I'll never forget that smell. I was like, whoa. Because he was in there for a while, you know, he said some loner. Yeah. And he just fucking one day kicked the bucket and took a while for anybody to figure it out.


And they figured it out because of the smell. And then how long did it take him to get him out of there? I Don't remember. I was too little. Oh man. I don't remember. But it was a very, very specific smell. It was gross. But it, it is weird what we do. It's weird that Joey Diaz was trying to lay this out to me. He is like, Joe Rogan. It's a fucking scam. This is the scam. Even if you want to get cremated, they gotta embalm you first. They gotta embalm you first, then you're gonna buy a urn. You gotta buy. They got you. They got you for 10, 14, 15 grand every time they're gonna tell you your grandfather wants a beautiful coffin. He's fucking dead. What are we doing? It's like this weird thing that everybody does where you have to get your, your person embalmed and then you get 'em made up.


Yeah. Which is the creepiest. My, my daughter has a friend who, her boyfriend's sister died and they, she's getting into makeup and hair for a living and they asked her to do the makeup and hair of the dead sister. Oh my God. Why the fuck would you like, someone has to sign up for that. Yeah. That has to be your very specific job. That's not regular makeup. Yeah. It's not like you go into, you know, like a, a great clipse or something and ask somebody like, Hey my grandpa died. Can you come help bro? That might haunt you for the rest of your life. Especially if you know them. This Absolutely. Oh, I'd like a Viking funeral. Oh, Viking funeral. Dope. But a Viking funeral, again, you're kind of wasting the body if you just put it in the ground.


That's what's supposed to like, you're supposed to go back to nature, I guess a Viking funeral. Eventually you get back into the system. You just take it the long run. Yeah. Yeah. That's, you turn back into carbon again. Yeah. This is, this is gonna take so much time. But you're going right into microbes and essentially what's inside of you starts eating you first. If I'm not mistaken, I think all the bacteria in your body start, you start breaking down from that stuff. I think a lot of weird things happen, but then the stuff on the outside figures out you're dead. And then the soil starts devouring you going For it. Have you seen the people that get put into trees? Yeah. Yeah. That's wild. That makes sense. Makes sense. Or Like a diamond. Yeah. They get pressed down. Well, Trees definitely live well off of fertilizer.


It comes from dead animals. Yeah. They, they eat. They eat what's there. They take it in, suck it up, which is what fertilizer is. Yeah. Which is why our food sucks. 'cause we give 'em fake food. We feed, we basically feed our processed food. Processed food. Right. Yeah. Because nitrogen is what we, you know, we take nitrogen to a bunch of other bullshit chemicals and we pour it on this dead topsoil so that these poor corn can survive. And then we eat the corn and there's like no nourishment and they're like, what are we doing? Yeah. I remember like in third grade they taught us about crop rotation and you're driving by these fields and you're like, this has been fucking corn since I was in third grade. There's No way you can, they can rotate. Yeah. That's what they're all doing in the regenerative farms.


And regenerative farms. They move everything around. That's how you're supposed to do it. That's how everyone's done it from the beginning of time. What is that? Mushrooms that eat your body. Whoa. To suit you wear to get buried in. You turn into mushrooms, But they're gonna embalm you man. Unless you live in a place that lets you opt out of that. Unless this is for another country. Yeah. What, what are the laws in America? Let's find out what the laws are when you die. Do they have to embalm you? 'cause this is what Joey was saying, but that might have been very specific. It might be regional. you know, it might be like certain cities. They embalm you before you go into a cooker. Yeah, That's what he was saying. Oh, I didn't know that. I thought you just went in.


It's not required by Law. Not required, but they probably talk to you anyway then. That is, that's probably what It's, it says, in fact the FTC funeral law forbids any funeral home from stating the contrary. Interesting. That's because they've done it. Oh, absolutely. All they're trying to do is shame you, make you feel bad. Listen, you have to embalm them before you cremate them. Your grandfather came in here earlier and told us he wanted to be embalmed. Is it necessary? According to federal law, it's forbidden to declare that embalming can be, can entirely stop the process of decomposition. But that's different. But that's probably why, I guess though, Right. It's entirely forbidden to declare that a bomb. But is it But is it, is it mandatory?


Is embalm do that? That's why I don is embalming mandatory was I was giving more time. It's not required by federal law in the United States and no funeral homes can claim that. It is. That's interesting. Or there are some circumstances where embalming may be required state law. Okay. Some states require embalming if the body's not refrigerated is held in transit for more than 24 hours. Other states require embalming if the death was caused by a contagious disease or if there remains are being transported between states. So funeral homes, we require embalming if the family chooses to service with the, okay. That's probably visitation. Open casket. If that makes sense. Cemeteries may require embalming if the remains are being tombed in a mausoleum.


Ew. Yeah. That's a lot. Embalming can help their f loved ones see their loved ones for the last time. you know what I, I've only been to one funeral where I saw one of my loved ones was my grandfather. And I was like, he is not there. Like whatever they left there that is just not, that's not my grandpa. Yeah. He's Gone. Yeah. When they go, oh, he looks so natural. Well, he wasn't fucking orange when I knew him. Fuck. No. Uhuh. No, he does not look natural. He looks weird. Yeah. There's like a part of you that knows that whatever a person is in their soul, whatever a soul is, it's off. Yeah. That's gone. It's off. Yeah. It's gone. And it's weird. It's a weird feeling that you get when you're around a dead body. It's like, hmm. Especially one that you knew so well.


Oh yeah. It's a wake up call. you know, because you just realize like, oh my God, like this is this, this comes for everyone one day. Everyone in your life Yeah. Is gonna go like that. And if you're lucky, you're gonna see it. Is that what the lock is? you know, if you live long enough, I was switching phone numbers the other day. And I was going over my phone, my, my contact list. And there's so many people in there that are dead. I, I was kept pulling out people that were dead. I was like, oh, he's gone. Oh, he's gone. God damn. It was crazy. How long, how long has it been since you switched last time? Well, it's just, I got a bunch of old numbers, you know, from dudes that I haven't talked to in forever that, you know, you just, yeah. When you have an an iPhone, you just keep getting a new number.


Yeah. And you just, somehow or another, all the numbers come with you. Yeah. There were so many of my friends that are dead. It's so, so sobering. you know, when you just start counting the numbers, like, oh fuck nor McDonald. Oh fuck. you know? And you just go through all of it and you're like, fuck, fuck, he's gone too. you know? Yeah. I'm, I'm getting to the age where I'm, that's about to start happening. I think It happens, you know, and sometimes it happens and you do not see it coming and it hits you like a train. Especially when they take their own life. You're like, what? Yeah. Jesus Christ. And then there's always that guilt of like, fuck. Maybe if I talk to 'em. Maybe if I had one conversation or maybe that's just your ego.


Yeah. 'cause I don't, I think once you're over that line, I don't think there's a lot of pulling it back Perhaps, but I think every circumstance is different. Yeah. I guess there's that one dude that used to live by a, a bridge and he would go out and talk guys off the ledge. And so I I mean I mean, I guess maybe that is was one Guy that jumped and he lived, he's one of the rare guys that lived. And he said as he jumped, he'd realized what a horrible mistake he made and he wanted to take it back, but he couldn't. And he lived, but he was all fucked up but lived a happier life. Like, was thankful that he was alive, which is kind of crazy. Yeah, I, I used to bartend and this dude would come in and he was missing his jaw. He's Talking one the 200 people off the ledge.


Yeah. That's amazing. Highway Patrol officer. I bet that guy's a smooth talker. I have a buddy who jumped off that bridge. No shit. Yeah. Tony Anoni, who's a professional pool player. Hmm. Good dude. I hadn't talked to him in a while. I hadn't talked to him in a couple of years and then I saw it in the news. I was like, fuck. Yep. Yeah, it's one of those things man, where it's just like when it happens, you just get jolted. Especially the suicide ones. It's like what? Yeah. When you had no clue. Because Like you think about that person when you're all having fun together, you think about that person when you're sitting around laughing, cracking jokes.


Especially if it's the life of the party that does it right. And you go, what the fuck? I could have picked 10 other guys besides you. Well you imagine Robin Williams, imagine watching Robin Williams on any, did you ever see that commercial where he is doing a commercial and he won't stop fucking Around don Don't think so. And the director's trying to get him to stop fucking around and he's like, will not stop fucking around. I love that. And he's doing the different characters and shit and he's like, he's like, okay Robin, can we focus now? And Robin's just fucking going off. Yeah. That guy you would never imagine, could ever be sad. you Know, I was an extra in a movie with him, Billy Crystal and Julie's Louise Dreyfuss, And I. And he ev, some two people were sick, they went back to their trailers. And I was interviewing him and he did it as Mrs.


Doubtfire. And it was fucking awesome man. Everybody was losing it. Play it Jamie, you see it? I said to him, I said, Fred, man, No, no, no. Would you mind please Pardon me into the camera? It's Already great. Look it is back into the camera like it's a different guy. Robin, Just do the line. So we, we and we can get out. I can't our everything for me. This place is fabulous. I want to do the line for you Robin. The line is the introduction, just the one line that you've gotta do. Okay. Please. I will. Yes sir. Okay. Foul ball, a male hygiene spray. you know, sometimes below the water line you could wreak. That's why I need new foul ball.


Something. The part bar thing had it upside down. Sorry. This is fabulous. I couldn't believe Bobby, this can's too cold. Would you do the line now just to introduction one line. Okay. Yes. Hello, I'm Chardon Huston. No, I have very few Jewish friends if any, but I'd like to say, won't you please help support the United Goem College Fund. Help learn a child to eat hot dogs this year. Mayonnaise and corn beef. Should we Get another actor in please? Oh, gimme a chance, please. I need this. All I Have do is say you Wanna say, You Know, even though I You're not gonna do it, I'm gonna cut camera. You gotta do the line now. Just, alright, can we hear it?


Please? Okay. Bit of America. you know what I would've loved to have seen actually is if they could have combined and drop off funeral and the Olympics and had him in the bobsled run. Alright, I'm ready. Hard. Alright, Can we get it now? Yes sir. I do you know what the line is? do you want me to hold the cue card? No. Yeah I can. Okay. The one that says doing commercial. Okay. Yes. Where I got It. here we go. And storm. Storm. That's, that's a German name isn't it? Storm sounds like a dog. I love that old storm. Come here boy. Hey, off the leg. We're ready now. Here we go. Right. I'm ready to say that line hard because I love you.


I love you For the man that you are an incredible man. More than just one night. A man who can, I don't know, make you realize. O who are you? I'm ready now. Okay, you ready? Thank you Mr. Williams. Thank you. Howard. Yes. Howard Storm is now directing Commer commercials again. I I can get it this time. Yeah, Once more. Hi, I'm Jack Nicholson and you know Howard Storm is directing goddamn commercials. It's incredible that he can find a camera small enough to work with, but God bless him for trying. His first commercial was Billy Bardy on a footstool. I love the fact that the man takes chances.


Thank you. Thank you. And Cut. He just wasn't gonna do it. He's a maniac. Oh, that's incredible. He was an odd dude for sure. People get mad when you bring up the joke. Thieving allegations with that guy. But that's just what it was. That went on for over 13 minutes. We only watched That's hilarious. Two and a half minutes of it. Yeah. People think that you're not supposed to talk about that part, but that was part of him. Yeah. You Have to talk about everything. The guy still was great, he was still great. It was very odd. And, I. I wonder if his brain worked so quickly that sometimes it was out before he knew it. Perhaps, you know, you could excuse someone for a lot of things.


You don't, don don't know how his brain worked. Obviously he had like mental problems, which wound up there was a lot of physical problems that wound up contributing to a suicide, but depression was part of that too. But it's like a, you have to also put it in context. There wasn't anybody like him back then. Yeah, there was Jonathan Winters who he took inspiration from who a lot of people forgot about. Jonathan Winters was like really weird like that. He would do really weird crazy stuff and act like just like different characters and just wouldn't be there and just would hold onto it and people would like panic and they wouldn't know what to do. Yeah. So I think he took a lot of inspiration from Jonathan Winters, who's an amazing talent too.


But Robin was like very unique. It was really nobody like him and he could act his ass off man. He was real like good morning Vietnam. Like he was, he was good in movies too. Yeah. I like good No hunting when he's in that. Yeah man. Yeah. And serious rules. How about that 24 hour photo? Did you ever see that? Yes bro. Creepy. Creepy. Yeah. He played a good psycho. Yeah, it was very, very good. But like, you would never imagine a guy like that would hit the rocks where he'd wind up killing himself. You're like, no way Then, then you start to wonder like, ah, was the the comedian part of him the show and the 24 hour photo was the real deal. I doubt the 24 hour photo was the real deal.


I think the real deal was like a deeply depressed person that the, the reason why they were so good at getting people entertained is because they needed so much more than the average person just to hit like a baseline. Yeah. you know, I think when people are super depressed and then they use comedy as like a way to just like a drug to just get them Like Richard Jenny apparently was only happy when he was killing and then when he got off stage he was depressed and oh God, he's another guy that wound up killing himself. That's like an hour a day. Yep. That you're Happy. Yep. And he was like the most miserable guy guaranteed. Like when I would do morning radio, I would always ask the guy, the driver was like, who's the worst guy you have to drive around? And they always would say Richard Jenning. So he hated it.


He didn't wanna be there, didn't wanna talk to anybody. He was miserable. He was so Fucking funny. Dude. It was weird. He wanted to be a movie star apparently. So back then in the 1980s and nineties, like what the thing was was you would graduate in into movies like a Jim Carrey or into tv, like a Seinfeld and you have your own show, but everybody really wanted movies. That was the thing. And he never got any of those. He was only in like one movie. He was in the mask with Jim Carrey. Okay. And he had a show on the UPN called Platypus Man. Yeah, I remember that. It was terrible. But his standup was brilliant. His standup was incredible. He was so good. We all like would just be in awe of him.


I remember him doing a bit at the Comedy works in Montreal, this little tiny room in Montreal, this great room run by this amazing guy named Jimbo. Jimbo was the best. And this room is only like a 90 seat room. And it was during the just for Laughs comedy festival. And Richard Jen went up and he did a bit about buying a Corvette. Like what an unrelatable premise. Yeah, what a like, you know what a premise where you like, how do you get anything out of this? And was murdering just murdering, that's crazy. I can't, I can't remember what he said. but I was crying, laughing, we were crying, laughing. It was so funny. And there were so many punchlines in there and it was so his sense of irony, his sense of his sarcasm, the way he would hit the punchlines, the writing.


It's like All day he prepared for these sets and then he would just go into a darkness and just get ready to do it again. That's brutal. Horrible. I knew his girlfriend, his girlfriend was a comic too. One of his girlfriends at the time. don don't think she was the girl that was his girlfriend at the time that he killed himself, but she was a comic at the store and she would just tell me, you know, it's just like, the guy's so brilliant, but he's like so eaten up. Yeah, it's some people can't find balance. Oh It sucks man. When they're that good you just like wanna hug him. Just like, come on man, keep it together dude. You just Wanna go. Just enjoy the rest of it. I've told this story before so I apologize to anybody that's heard it, but he went to the East Side Comedy Club in Huntington in, it wasn't Huntington Beach, it was on Long Island, east Huntington, I forget where it was, but East Side Comedy Club was a great comedy club on Long Island.


And I went there on a Sunday, And I talked to the guy that was the mc all weekend and he was depressed. And I said, why are you depressed? He goes, Richard Jenney did a different hour every show. Holy shit. He did four different hours and killed. He goes, I'm up there. He goes, I have 20 minutes that I'm opening with And. I can barely get through them. They suck. And then I'm bringing on this genius who does a different hour every fucking show. And he goes, it makes me wanna quit comedy. I think he might have quit comedy because I never heard from him. I think I, I really think that might have done him in like, I think he was around for like a year or two after that. but I think that was it. That Is tough to watch though. When you're working with a master, you're not even close to it yet. It's like those dudes who fought Mike Tyson in the early days.


Oh my. Like you never saw them again. Yeah, I've, I've been late for a show twice in my life and both times it was from watching Mike Tyson's greatest hits. Oh wow. They'll, they'll drive you crazy. There was, there was a time like in like 1986 to like whatever it was when he lost to Buster Douglas, when there's never been a heavyweight like him. I think he was the greatest of all time. I think he was the greatest of all time for a short period of time. but I think if you, you have to look at a fighter in particular, they can't keep it up forever. It's too crazy. They only have a few years in this like high revolution, high rev, red line Prime. And that's what I try to judge 'em on. There's ways people judge fighters on longevity. When you look at like Sugar Ray Robinson, or the best example of all time is Bernard Hopkins.


Bernard Hopkins was a, a world champion when he was 49 years old. Crazy. Crazy. That's my age. Crazy. Crazy. And fucking up guys that were 20 years younger than him with ease. you know, that's Wild. I mean he was a, a master, just a masterful boxer who had incredible discipline and never lost focus and never got outta shape and never ate bad food. He never ate, processed anything. Wow. He always ate like clean organic food, drank water, no booze, fuck you. you know, up in the morning, always running, always calisthenics, always was shredded. Never gained weight in between fights. Even today. I had him on the podcast today like a couple months ago.


How many months ago? Six months ago. Maybe a little longer. Sounds Alright. Something like that. Even now, guy's like in his fifties, he's fucking shredded. I don't have ready to go. You don't have to. Yeah. You're comedian like I, I need the processed food sometimes and Sometimes you need a little comfort, you know? What do you think it was about Tyson? do you think it was his, I always equated it to his, his legs and his coil. There was a lot of factors. A lot of factors. First of all, there was his upbringing, right? So he had a horrible, horrible upbringing. Okay. Just crime and violence in the worst neighborhood in Brooklyn. He lived in Bed-Stuy, right? So Brownsville, I think originally in Bed-Stuy, terrible neighborhoods real bad.


you know, a lot of, lot of crime, a lot of violence. And then at 13 years of age, he gets adopted by this guy Cusato, who's one of the greatest boxing minds of all time. And he's also a hypnotist. So from age 13 on, he's hypnotizing Mike and telling Mike he's the greatest of all time. He's the greatest of all time. He's gonna be the greatest heavyweight the world has ever seen. And then on top of it, you have crazy genetics. Mike. I had Terry Teddy Atlason, he told me that when Mike was 13, he was knocking out grown men and they wouldn't believe he was 13. He'd bring him to boxing tournaments. They're like, how old's that kid? He goes, 13. He goes, he's fucking 16. He goes, okay, he's 16.


He put em in with the 16 year olds. He knocked the 16 year olds out. Yeah. He was a freak. So you have that sometimes, you know, you have kids that just have extraordinary genes. And then you have this perfect storm of a very intelligent person, deeply neglected as a child, and then adopted by a genius, not just a boxing genius, but a genius in terms of psychology and life and philosophy. And he understood war. And like he, he was a war historian, okay? And he was a boxing historian. And he was also managed by this guy Jim Jeffries, or Jim Jacobs rather, excuse me. And Jim Jacobs had Jim Jeffries tapes, or James Jeffries. He had like Jack Johnson and Oh wow.


Jack Dempsey. He had all the film footage of like fighters that some of the greatest boxers of all time, Willie Pep, you know, Floyd Patterson, he had all this old footage on reels and he was like the biggest collector of old boxing footage. And Mike was being managed by him. So Mike would sit there All day and watch Jack Dempsey fight, watch Jack Johnson fight, watch Stanley Gre watch these old, old killers, you know, these like these guys that existed, you know, decades ago. And no one gets a chance to see them. Yeah. Because you know, we're talking about 1980. You don't even have VHS tapes.


Right? When did they come along? They were like 82 or something like that. Right. So he's getting like, this is happening to him in the seventies, like late seventies. Like let's make sense of this. So he's 58, he's a year older than me. And well, so how old was he when he was 13? What? What year was it? When he was 13 rather. So he was born in sixty, sixty six. I'd been 79. 79, okay. No VHS. So he, the only way you can see these things is that they put him on television, which they might, but then you have to watch it while it's on tv. You can't re-watch it again. There's no way to record anything. Or you know, Jim Jacobs, if you know Jim Jacobs, Jim Jacobs who also did the commentary in a lot of those, if you watch a lot of those old films, they're black and white and there's no sound.


And they like put in sound later. And Jim Jacobs does the commentary. I know his voice and he was a genius too. And they, they had this incredible convergence of all these things that created Mike Tyson in like 1986, where people were like, holy shit. Yeah. When he would walk out there with no bathrobe and just fucking he was a, a, a, a perfect creation of the universe, like the universe, all the factors that would come into play that make something super special, all came in, in his I, mean to be a boxing champion. It could not have had a better convergence of mind, talent, background, and then the people that were influencing him.


Yeah, He he was wild. Yeah. He's being trained by Teddy Atlas when he is a little kid. Isn't it illegal to, to hypnotize a child? That's a good question. I would think there's gotta be Something. That's a good question. Depends I mean. What if your kid thinks they're possessed? That might be a good thing to hypnotize him. If you think kid is like, legit, You can't, I have words For you. Like, oh, Billy, what the fuck is wrong with you, man? I'm sorry. I left you alone. I had to work. I had two jobs. I had to pay the bills. Billy's bouncing off the walls at home and he thinks he's possessed. Freaking out. You're like, watch the spoon. Yeah. It might be good to hypnotize that kid, but yeah, I would think hypnotizing anybody before they were aware of what the fuck that means.


but I don't think hypnotizing is what people think it is either. don, don't necess. I've only been hypnotized once, so I can't speak to like what the total potential of what someone could do with hypnosis is, but you're aware of what's going on. It's not like you're gonna like take your clothes off and blow the guy. Like, it doesn't make any sense. Like you're, you're just in a different state of consciousness and it's almost like you're allowed to look at things for what they really are versus all this noise that's around most of the ideas in your head where you're blaming other people when you should probably blame yourself. Yeah. When you know you were lazy and that's why it went bad and it wasn't like a someone else's fault and all that stuff that keeps people on the wrong track, that keeps people drinking too much and gambling too much.


All those weird things are going on in your head. Like, ill get past that and you'll see you. Yeah. And you see you for a brief amount of time and you kinda analyze what it is that's fucking with you. And then someone who's like a good performance psychologist can implant ideas, like help you implant ideas in your mind of how you're gonna approach things from now on. How are you gonna look at things from now on? And I know a lot of fighters use them. A lot of fighters use hypnotists and performance coaches. The guy who did it to me is my friend Vinny Schrman. And he does it to a lot of fighters. He hypnotize a lot of fighters. And what does he, what does he put in there then? I think it depends. It, I think it's different for each fighter.


you know, it's like what they need. Yeah. What they're missing. I mean some, some fighters, there's a thing that happens with some fighters in the midst of a chaotic fight, they will forget about the game plan and they will just go on instinct and start throwing down and they wind up getting knocked out or something goes bad. They, they, they panic, like, I wanna say panic, but they don't think straight. That's the best way to say it because they're, they're still fighting, you know, it's chaos. But you're letting that lizard brain take over and you're not sticking to the game plan. Like the really good fighters know how, even in these like chaotic scrambles to keep things technical, don't do anything that's gonna get you caught. Like there's very, it looks nutty when you're watching it on television, but if you're watching a tactician, like a Max Holloway or you know, San Hagan or you know Sean O'Malley, like these, these fighters are very tactical.


Everything they're doing is to elicit a reaction from you. And then they have counters based on how you do things. And then they start downloading how you're moving and reacting to things. And then they'll start plotting and moving. Anderson Silva was the very best at that. He would take the first round and he would just be kind of like moving with you and moving with you. And then towards the end of the round he started fucking you up. But for the, he was just downloading Anderson in his prime, you know, I had never seen anything like him. do you think he was in his prime? He was just downloading people's movements And do you think those other fighters could see it in his eyes? And they were like, ah, fuck yeah. Now he Knows. Yeah. When he was at the top for sure, everyone was terrified of him. Oh my God. The one thing that they did find out though, he had a flaw.


And the flaw was if you didn't attack him, he didn't attack you. Like he wasn't willing to take stupid chances, especially with like big punchers. Sure. Like there's this guy Patrick Cote and Patrick Cote was a big puncher, like one punch kale guy and they had the worst fight. It was a boring ass fight. And then Patrick unfortunately threw a kick and blew out his knee. It was like the worst ending of a fight ever. Just his knee exploded. Just not getting hit. Just kind of twisted. Yeah. Not getting hit at all. He just went to throw a kick and his knee was in a weird position and it just blew apart. And he's like, God, it falls down. That's happened before it happened to Tom Aspenal recently threw a kick knee, fell apart, didn't even happen. Like it wasn't happening like where someone did something to him, he just threw a kick and his knee fell apart.


I'd Rather watch a guy get knocked unconscious than have that huge response to a part of their body blowing up The, the knee's a bad one. But the worst is a shin break. That's the very, very worst. Or an arm break, a forearm break or a shin break. Those are very hard to watch. Those are the hardest I've ever, I've, I've seen four leg breaks in person and they're, they're fucking horrific man. They are fucking horrific. They hurt your soul. Oh, you got one. This is the worst one. Oh, that's Patrick right there. So watch how he does this. Look, it's so crazy. He, they're moving around and he, he goes like, he's gonna throw a kick and he just fucking moved. Weird. That's it. Out of nowhere, out of nowhere, his knee just exploded, blew out his ACL Taurus meniscus.


Crazy. And that's a tough dude. So for him to have that reaction come on Ons, he was an animal. Come on Patrick. OTE was a fucking animal, but the fight was kind of boring because he was so dangerous. So Anderson couldn't, he couldn't lead. Right. Because if you lead, you worry about being countered. So Anderson was not just really fucking good, but also really smart. Jesus. He just knew when he could hit you and he knew when you could hit him and he would take his time. Huh. But again, once he got you figured out, like as the fight went on, he would like if, if you he made the fight boring. It was also a strategy because then you would be anxious.


Yeah. And you would maybe do something to try to pick up the pace and he would crack you. Yep. So he's an old veteran, so he's just standing around going, don don't give a fuck about booze. Let's, he's like, I just move around here. He did that with another guy, a Brazilian guy and Taes LAIs kind of the same thing. Boring ass fight, but a dangerous fighter and a really dangerous guy in the ground. Tallas LAIs was a nasty juujitsu black belt. And so he was like, we ain't going to the ground. Like I was fucking stay on the outside. Yeah. Just kind of barely win every round, you know? But if you do something stupid, I'll fuck you up. And nobody did anything stupid. That's wild. To know all that shit. Well he was just so smart that he didn't care if people were booing and then the UFC would get mad at him. They'd get mad at him. 'cause those performances, even though he's the greatest of all time at the time, he was for sure, in my eyes, he's still in the, in the conversation of during his time period when he was run running shit still in my book, one of the, if not the greatest, the greatest of all, one of the greatest of all time for sure.


He's in the conversation, whatever that the conversation's So subjective, And, I changed my opinion on it all the time. But during that time period, he didn't give a fuck if people were booing. Yeah. He didn't care. It's like, and so the UFC would get mad at him, but I was always of the mind that he's doing the 100% correct thing. He's the best fighter. And to fight the best, you gotta know when to attack and when not to attack. And sometimes you don't attack at all. Yeah. Because sometimes you, if if he does something out of character and forces it, that was not his style. So for him to engage in a, in a style that's not his style, then that's stupid. The smart thing is to fight to the best of your abilities. And unfortunately some of those fights were not fun.


But you also get the Vitor Belfort fight from the same guy. You know, you get you, you get the Oami fight, you get the Forrest Griffin fight, you get all those insane knockouts. Those highlight real knockouts. He was a monster man in his prime. He was a monster. But if you could take the booze and the other guy can't. Yeah. Well he's, it was also like, who isn't gonna do anything stupid? Until he did. And then he did. And he got knocked out by Chris Weidman. 'cause he was doing something stupid. That's literally what his demise was, was the thing that kept him so invincible. His whole career. He would stay composed no matter what happened. He just stayed composed. He always knew when to attack, when not to attack, when to attack, when not to attack. He was just a, a genius.


There's guys that like for a while, whatever those years are where you like, you can't beat him. Like no one's gonna beat him for these years. And that's just because of his Strategy watching you move. Well he's just so, he was also so good at being the champion. Right. There's a thing about performing in front of so many people with such high stakes. And if you've never experienced that before, the first time you ever fight for a championship fight, it's so crazy. You see it in guys' faces sometimes. Sure. You see the weight of it on them. They're like, fuck, this is so heavy. Like there's so much anxiety, you just can't wait to get in there and get it. And once it gets going, then you're fine.


Then you're just going on instincts, then you're going on training and then you're just, you're fighting. But it's the buildup and the thinking and the anticipation, the anxiety. He's used to that. Yeah. He's done that 13 times. He's def he defended the middleweight title I believe more than anyone ever. Is that true? I believe he did. That's why Gene Hackman measured the hoop and Hoosiers. Mm. Let him know like, you've been here, this is it. Same fuck, it's 10 feet. Yeah. It's the same thing everywhere. Yeah. But the thing is that's like that anxiety of performing in the moment. And that's what a sports psychologist does. And that's where a sports psychiatrist comes in. That's where a sports hypnotist rather comes in. Psychiatrist too. But they could, they give you drugs.


You can't take those when you're fighting. Some guys have tried, I knew a guy who got kicked off a card 'cause he was on Adderall and they were like, you can't take Adderall and fight. He's like, I need it for my a DD. Like, fuck. Shut up. Shut up bro. You're on speed. It's tough though man. Sports can mess you up. Oh, a hundred Percent. Like my, I I come home from golf for the last three years. Miserable. Right. Calling myself a dumb fuck, calling myself a piece of shit, loser. And then my girlfriend goes, Hey, why don't you just, just tell yourself, you know, pretend you're talking to 8-year-old. You And, I tried that shit for a round. I had the greatest round in my life. Yeah, you could do it.


You just have to, that part of being a man in particular like fucking idiot. you know, like, you make a mistake, you gotta avoid. That's you's zero. Good. There's a gym teacher with real short shorts in my head. That's, that is the voice in my head, dude. Just like, you fucking Idiot. I'm, I'm guilty of that. Sometimes when I play pool I'll talk shit to Myself. This is great. Charles Barkley's one of us. This is great. Does he do, what does he do? God damnit you Fat. Fuck. Did you, did you hear how fast that was? I mean he almost not even hit the ball before he set it. That's amazing. Oh my God. That's hilarious. And then the girls taking the video laugh at the end.


It's so good. Oh, that's hilarious. Yeah. That does not help you Uhuh. But also there's a thing about a guy like a Charles Barkley or a guy like you, it's like you don't really have the time to dedicate to a thing like golf. Right. To really get great at it. Right. It's the same thing as playing pool. The great pool players, they play eight hours a day. Oh, eight hours a day. If you wanna play at like a Shane van boning level, you wanna play like a Fedor Gost level. You have to play eight hours a day. They play eight hours a day. Yeah. They don't fuck around. They, they're so in the groove all the time that if you're like a casual player, you just can't find that groove.


And they don't want to ever let that groove go. They're in that groove. All day long, All day long. They wake up in the morning and they start thinking about running balls. They start thinking about putting English on balls. Like if you, if you wanna play golf like a really great golfer, those fucking guys play every day. They have coaches. There's just no way they analyze footage. Like look at Tiger Woods. Tiger Woods started playing when he was how old? Three, maybe two in the room. Arguably I don. Yeah. Yeah. And was coached by his father from the time he was a child. Played constantly. Yeah. Greatest of all time. I Mean you can get in the groove for a little bit. Yeah. And that's what keeps you going back. But you're not gonna stay in the groove. You're not gonna stay in the groove. No. That to me, my, it's maddening for me with pool.


I could, 'cause I could play pool. Like if I have a night off And, I can play for like five, six hours. Like around four hours in I start really getting the groove. I start feeling it, but it's like inconsistent. It comes and goes. But if you play with a great player and you watch them do it, they just never get out of the groove. They're always there. They, they very rarely miss, they very rarely miss position their cue ball's. Perfect. It's always moving exactly where they want it to go. And if it's not, they play safe and you watch it and you're just like, what? It's like this is a feel of the movement of the balls. That's only possible if you're so finely tuned to it that you're playing every day. Like I, this guy Fedor, he just won the world championships. He's a, a friend of mine, he's been on the podcast before.


We, we were having a conversation on the phone about Qs. 'cause he had switched, he was with this company Q Tech and he switched this company White carbon. And, and he, and it was months ago, And I was saying, we were talking about, you know, different approaches he uses and different equipment. He's like, I'm still adjusting to this queue. I go, really? I go, you had it for like how long? How long now? He's like, four months. He goes, well, he goes, I'm pretty much there. He goes, but I'm about three or 4% off. Three or 4% off. Three or 4% off. Like this guy's a fucking robot. Like his, his understanding of where he should be versus where he is and how he wants to know exactly how much pressure to apply on that cue to make that ball dance exactly the way he's like, it's a little off.


It's a little like he knows it's a little off. I did it just right. But it went there instead of there. Hmm. 3%. Yeah. What the fuck man, you ever Left the stage and be just screamed a hundred fucking percent into the green room. I'm off a hundred percent. Every now and then you catch a groove and you aren't a hundred percent. And those, those moments are the weirdest. You're like, why can't I do this all the time? Why can't I just have so much fun with the jokes all the time? Some of, sometimes you're having so much, much fun saying the material, it makes everything so much better. Yeah. And you're like, why Don, I do this all the time. And it just feels like every, every single thing you say is gonna be awesome. And the more you do it, the more you're there.


Right. So if you have a Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, like you're doing a real week in a place, you know by the time Saturday rolls around you're a wizard. Yeah. You're a wizard. Yeah. You got those bits tied up in a fucking basement. You're in control of the situation. Just thinking about what you're gonna eat after the show and still killing. Yeah. You're in the flow. Yeah. You're in that flow state. And that's when you come up with new stuff. That's the best way to come up with new stuff. 'cause you just feel funny. Yeah. You feel where the funny is, it's like, I know that vibe. I caught that vibe. I know where that vibe is. I can ride that vibe. And that's those golf guys. So if you're not doing that every day, you're gonna get out there and fucking, fucking loser. Fucking Idiot. Too Fat.


Fuck. you know, you talk to yourself just like Charles Broley. It's unavoidable. Yeah. Do you ever play snooker? I, no. I have not played. I've seen people play it. I've fucked around on a snooker table. I've never played a game with snooker. But it's very difficult. Yeah. It's hard. A lot of snooker players are super successful in pool. No pool players. I mean, maybe Alex Pion, who's, he could play everything. He's like a world champion in like every discipline. He's a world champion, eight ball, nine ball, 10 ball back. He's like one of the greats of all times. One of the Filipinos too. Which for whatever reason, Filipinos are the best pool players on earth. Like there's more, there's guys driving taxi cabs in Filipino in, in the Philippines rather that can win pool tournaments in, in America.


They come over here like every, you, you can't even you everywhere you go there's pool tables. Like, it's like one of the most popular games in the entire, in the whole island chain. It's huge over there. But that guy's a wor, he's like a elite professional snooker player as well as an elite professional pool player. But he's super rare. Yeah. There's like John Moore, there's a couple other guys that can play like really good snooker. We came up playing snooker like Northern Minnesota and that's, That's a tough game Man. Yeah. You'd go in and these guys are just like, they take it so fucking serious. If you lose them a dollar I mean these were old, old men and if you lose them a dollar, forget it. You're out. I Remember one of the, they always used to say when he'd, so a two ball was worth money.


So you'd have to make a cherry, it's called a red ball first. And then you had to make a number ball. And then he would always go, if he'd missed the two ball, he'd go, they never do. Or he'd go, yeah, you bet. If he'd made it. And so we went to this guy's funeral and we had a buddy with me and he had a flask with him and they were talking and he ra stands up and raises the flask and he goes, they never do. And then all his old buddies had flasks with him and they raise and go, yeah, you bet. It was the fucking greatest funeral I've ever been to. That's Awesome. Well I bet snooker pool, snooker halls, what would you call them? What do they call snooker halls where people play snooker? We just played at the spot. I don't know, it was like, it was like a little restaurant that had tables in back.


Oh, okay. And they were all snooker tables. We had two pool tables and then two snooker tables. Oh, Okay. Yeah, because like places where they just placed snooker. Do they call 'em a snooker hall? Is that what they're called? Yeah, club maybe. Snooker club. It's about best. I see online, the term pool actually comes from gambling pool is not the game. The game is pocket billiards pool is what's called, they pool their money together. Gamble. Oh that's that's the name. That's the name that was attributed to it. Yeah. It was really a gambling game. 100%. But snooker players come over to America. Snooker players come over to America and rob people in pool. I'm sure they play really good 'cause they're used to those little holes. And also there's these big assholes. Yeah. And it's just getting used to the ball moving different 'cause they, their balls are so small, they don't put a lot of side English on 'em and they don't do like weird stuff with them.


American Q balls are larger so, and the ball, the build your balls are larger. So they They do a lot of shit with 'em. They throw balls into the side pocket with English and do weird things. So they have to learn all that stuff. And then they learn how to break hard. Once They do that, their technique is so flawless. Yeah. It's spot on. 'cause they're going just straight shots And they have academies that teach people how to play. There's not like a lot of like, there's a few really good teachers in this country, but there's no like national system where you have like a university that you go to learn how to play snooker. Right. Like, you know they have that. They have like real co like there's, at one point in time there was real money in snooker in the uk. Like real money. Like those guys were millionaires. What? Yeah, yeah, yeah.


The guys I was playing with were not millionaires. Well you were playing with them guys in Canada or in Michigan, right? Minnesota. Minnesota. Yeah. All that cold stuff's the same to me. But in the uk Yeah there was, there was snooker was huge on television. I remember going over there for a gig long time ago and turning on the tv. I'm like whoa. They got snooker on like regular tv. This is nuts. Oh wow. Yeah. Watching these matches. 'cause you know you're stuck in a hotel room before your show. Yep. So you're just watching, what do you guys watch? And they're all watching snooker. But for whatever reason, I think it died off. I don't think it's that popular anymore. I don't think you could find a snooker table in the town I grew up in anymore.


Hmm. Yeah. Place is closed. They get rid of him. 'cause all the old guys that played died off. Well the real died, the game that really died off was three cushion billiards. Three cushion billiards was the real game back in the day. What's that? It's a game with no pockets. And the game it was, it was also a very big gambling game where people had gamble a lot of money. Like gentlemen would gamble a lot of money or playing three cushion and three cushion. You can't find that anywhere anymore. It's still in some countries. I think Korea has a big three cushion scene. And Belgium, it's a guy from Belgium that does really well. Three cushions. Some European countries still use it. Is that the one that has like the score up on a wire up above the table where you move it with your queue?


That They do that with pool too. Oh, okay. That's just a score line. But what's, what's what three cushion billiards is, is this giant ass table that has no pockets and you have three balls and it's usually two white balls and a red ball or two, two red balls and a white ball. And see what right here They do yellow sometimes too. Now. So, so this guy has to hit a ball and then it has to go three cushions and then hit the second ball. So it's all about understanding angles. See if you can find a video of someone doing it, it's fucking boring. See this is the game. So he's gotta hit a ball and then it's gotta go three cushions and hit another ball.


But what it really does is if you learn this game, it teaches you how billiard balls move around a table. So it really helps you play better position for pocket billiards. And it helps you learn how to play safe better and how to kick at balls better. So. like this guy is, that's Pretty wild that he's hitting that ball ball Though. It's, well this guy's obviously a wizard. He's, this is really hard to do. So it's, it is really a thinking person's game. The problem that I have with it is I wanna see balls go away. Yeah. I don't wanna see 'em sticking around. Right. if I make a point, I want you to go bye-Bye don. Don't want, I don't wanna see you. My, the fun with me is that guy bloom doll is one of the greatest of all time world champion.


I, I don't, I think I said his name wrong, but because I only watched like a few matches ever, I can't, I'm a DD to the max. I watch like 10 minutes. I'm like, where? Why is the ball still there? This game sucks. Yeah. The elimination process is the best part of pool I think. Exactly. I like watching someone run out and then making a ball. Is So like the last ball? Like if it's a hard shot, like, oh my God, is he gonna make it? Is he gonna make it? you know, there's, there's a lot. And then when it goes away, like Yay, it's satisfying. don don't wanna see it bounce around and stick around. But I've seen people play snooker at a very high level and it's wild to watch. you know, you watch someone just run out and snooker and you're just like, Jesus Christ. Like you have to be so precise.


The table. Yeah. It's Crazy's huge. Yeah. Tiny pockets, little balls. Yeah. It's crazy. It's a super difficult game. But that's, you know, for whatever reason that never caught on over here. It's like soccer for whatever reason. Never caught on over here. Just in pockets. Yeah. Yeah. don don't know why. Like some things never caught. I have a friend of mine, my friend Eddie owns the local soccer professional team out here. Okay. And he, he gave me some insight on that. He goes, there's, they never take a break. He's like, football, baseball, you get commercial breaks. So commercials get stuffed in soccer never stops. It's like they play on the clock and the clock keeps going and every match is gonna be x amount of minutes long and that's that there's no room for commercials.


I was like, oh that makes sense because it's, if you go watch professional soccer live, it's fucking exciting as shit. Yeah. Everybody's freaking out. And you the appreciate the athleticism that you have to have the the, the cardio that you have to have. Yeah. To be running back and forth and back and forth and sprinting and sideways and you know, ducking and dodging and fucking kicking balls at crazy angles. It's a wild ass sport. Yeah. They're very good I mean. You look at those guys and you go, well there's not a 10% body fat person on this field. Not One, no excess fat. They b they all have like fairly small upper bodies and just jacked legs. Yeah. And these guys are just sprinting constantly. They have no wasted motion at the elite levels.


Like the Lionel Messi level. Like there's no wasted motion. Yeah. Those guys are just freak athletes. My Kids both played soccer junior and senior year. And it was great because I don't know anything about it and it's the only sport I wouldn't yell at because I didn't, I didn't want, I didn't want people to go. That's fucking wrong dude. Ah, That's Funny. So I just sit there and keep my mouth shut bro. Some parents are brutal. Oh it's so tough. I watched a guy after a hockey game. This kid just I mean he scored probably don don't know, six goals or something. This little, little tiny kid. This is 14 u. And this dad, he's yelling at this kid. I'm walking out and he's right by the locker room. And. I go. I go, Hey man, I pulled the guy aside. And, I go, come on kid had a what?


What's going on here? I thought he was his dad. Right. It wasn't the dad, it was the goalie's dad yelling at the kid that scored on him calling him a fucking fancy pants and all this other shit. And I was like, bro, He's a kid. What are you doing? Oh no. Yeah. But parents go way too over the Top. Oh no. Ugh. Like yelling at an ump is one thing but yelling at a kid 'cause he scored on your kid. That's, that's ridiculous. Ugh. Ugh. Yeah. I've seen guys get knocked out in front of their screaming moms. Their moms are screaming. Kick his ass. Kick his ass. This guy fucking sucks. This guy's a pussy. Whack Lights out. Yeah. In front of their mom.


Why? Their mom's screaming obscenities. It's hard to swallow. Hard to swallow. Mom. You probably distracted the fuck outta your son. First of all, imagine hearing your mom scream and all that shit when you are like, shut the fuck up. Shut the fuck up. I didn't like my mom yelling. You got him honey, when I was pitching. Oh God. That kind shit. Where you're like, I am working on it. Don't do this lady. Yeah, I know this is not for you. This is for me. Okay. You're supposed to clap when things go well. Yeah. And that's it. Don't be fucking yelling out instructions. You got 'em honey. Like you weren't, you didn't think you had 'em until your mom yelled it out. Like, oh I got 'em. Okay. Thank You mother. No, I got it.


Thank You so Much. Especially people that have never competed in a sport before. You don't know how fucking distracting that is. Yeah. Like shut your whole lady. And she had competed in sports. That's Oh no. So she loved it. Yeah. That'd be like her being on the beam and I'm like, jump higher. It's also, I think people back then in those days, like the, the, when she grew up they didn't know any better. Like people didn't know what you're supposed to do and not supposed to do. People hit their kids. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. They all hit their kids. They all yelled at their kids. Called them fucking idiots. They all, everybody did that. We were animals. you know, like if you grew up and your parents grew up in the 1940s and fifties, you were an animal. Like they were, they were animals, you know?


'cause they were raised by people who grew up in the depression. Okay. And those people were animals. And those people were they, their parents fought in World War I. Okay. Like you're, these are barbarians. Yeah. And so it's like so many generations of softness have led us to where we are now. But if you, you know, if you're our parents, you, you're exposed to all That shit. Well my dad, his dad took off and his mom went into like a mental institution because of it. Oh. So he got Raised by his grandparents. So that's like a generation back. Oh god. And so when my mom and dad would discipline me, I was like, why are you doing this and you're fucking doing, you're terrifying me. Oh boy. Yeah. It was interesting. Oh Jesus Christ.


That's a lot. That's a lot to manage. Imagine being the grandparents. Like fuck, I know we thought's do It all over. Thought it again. Thought we're done. Exactly. Guy wanted to go play golf. Fuck now I gotta take care of another kid. And this one's mad. Yeah. 'cause they got abandoned. They have all these issues now they're confused. I gave my dad a lot of leeway, a lot just 'cause of that. Like he's, he stole my identity when I was in high school and ruined my credit. No. And I was like, well I got raised by his fucking grandparents. don don't Know. Oh no. Yeah. Imagine dad being just like a straight up criminal and like Dad. Oh I don't have to imagine. My dad stole a car straight up.


Oh God. Yeah. Wow. Absolutely. He helped me. He had me steal car. I guess he Has to steal. He stole your identity. What am I thinking? Yeah. He's only gonna do it once. Only to his kid. I, yeah, I got a, I got a rental car once because my car was in the shop. He took the keys, made a copy of the Keys and then when I brought that rental car back, had me drive him there. And I didn't know it. He stole the car and then drove to Las Vegas because the cops were looking for him for writing bad checks. I mean what the fuck Man? Holy shit. How do you not become a comedian? Yeah, I Know. Totally makes sense. You Can't be ticking away at a, you like An office job. Just You're typing like you'll go crazy Motherfucker. You'll go crazy. Yeah. Yeah. You'll barely keep it together.


Yeah. Fuck man. Yeah. Pretty wild. I called when I went to college I called to get a phone line and they were like, I don't think so. Wow. You owe us thousands of dollars Because he had stolen your identity. Yeah. Oh my God. Did you try to explain it to them? My mom had to write a letter to everybody that said that I lived with her the whole time. Wow. Yeah. Holy shit dude. You couldn't get a phone line. I mean my dad. Listen to what he fucking stole another identity. It was a kid that he graduated high school with who died in a motorcycle accident. Oh my God. My dad called his parents and said, Hey you guys have some benefits coming. I just need his social security number.


Oh my God. And then became that dude And then signed up Columbia Record Club can call it Jimi Hendrix. Greatest hits. Yeah. It was wild. Living in the Family. Fuck man. That's crazy. Holy shit. Wow. When you were in high school, what'd you think you were gonna be? Don? Don't know. Maybe a teacher or a lawyer or something. And when did the comedy bug get you Way early? I mean I wanted to do comedy forever. I just lived in a town where there wasn't comedy. Oh. So I Thought like So it's like a thing in the back of your head. Yeah. I mean way, way back in the day. I watched my grandpa watch like listened to records.


Mm. And just start laughing And. I'm like oh I wanna do that. Wow. Yeah. I remember my first exposure to comedy was probably the actual standup comedy was probably Bill Cosby or Bill Cosby record because my parents had a Bill Cosby record and they had Cheech and Chong And I think they might've had a George Carlin one too. 'cause everyone had records back then 'cause there's nothing on tv. So you'd sit around and you'd listen to records, you know. So we listened to Chee and Chong when I was a little kid, I was probably like eight or nine or something like that. I was like, this is so funny. Yep. And then when I was in high school, I got a hold of some Richard Pryor cassettes and me and my girlfriend were in my bedroom just howling laughing.


Yeah. At Richard Pryor. Like, this is so crazy. What he's saying is so crazy because This is like, at the time we're talking, I was in high school in 81, so this is probably like 83, something like that. And so in 1983, like Richard Breyer was the king This is like when he was doing live at the Sunset Strip. Oh wow. My parents took me to see that I was fif, I think I was 15 years old and we were in the movie theater. And I'll never forget this 'cause this was the first time I'd ever experienced anything like this. I'd never seen someone do standup comedy for a long time. I had only seen like a guy do some jokes on the Tonight Show. you know, like a very real like cut and dry set up punchline five minute.


Alright. That was terrific. Come sit on the couch and the comic would sit there. And I would tell you about the zoo. you know? And so that was my exposure to comedy. But in the theater, I remember, I'll never forget this, sitting in the theater watching Live in the Sunset trip and looking at the audience and people were moving around. Yeah. I remember this guy was holding his stomach and he was slapping the chair and his wife was slapping him. They were just going, oh my God. Oh my God. It was so funny. And I. Remember thinking, I've never seen anything this funny. Like all the funny movies that I love, they were never this funny. No. All this guy's doing is Talking and to get humans to react like that, it was crazy. It is so Wild. It was like all he's doing is talking.


How is he doing this? Yeah. I remember the first comedy I ever saw was this guy Wild Bill Bauer outta Minnesota. Hmm. And I'll never forget this joke. He goes, I called my boss the other day, And I. I told him I can't come in 'cause I'm sick. And he says, how sick are you? And I said, well I'm fucking my sister. And I still Laugh about it. I mean it's like the funniest shit in the world. That's a great joke. It's such a great joke. That's A great joke. And that was my introduction. So people, same thing, people are freaking out. Oh it was great. Couldn't that guy string a bunch together? Yeah. How good was he? Yeah, he was real good. That's, If you could write a joke like that unless you like you are one hit wonder. No he wasn't. That Seems like a crazy hit to have to be that good of a joke. To be a one hit wonder. Yeah.


So like that guy's got a bunch in the Yeah. Some of those guys that are like real good like that for whatever reason, people never find out about him. No, he just stayed in Minnesota. He, he ended up booking tours for other guys and stuff like that. There's a guy named Bob Woods who was a legend on Long Island. He was this big guy, this big like jolly guy. And he was hilarious. And he was a legend in Long Island. And to this day I'm upset that I never got a chance to see him live. 'cause all the comics from that day, they always tell me Bob Woods, Bob Woods This is like the early eighties. So I think when I came along, don don't think I got to New York until 90 90 or 91. And I think he'd already stopped. This is Bob Woods.


He was a character man. Gimme some volume. Let me introduce myself. Here I am, Mr. Cholesterol, the incredible bulk hungry Jack. A man called Horse Sir. Lunch a lot. Chef Boy are you Fat Pizza on Earth. Goodwill towards Manic Conti. Rebel without a waistline. Strawberry fields for breakfast. Lord of the Ringings, the Earl of Sandwich, the Prince of Whales. And a little house on the prairie all rolled in the one, what can I tell you folks?


What can I tell you? I'm a fat fucking guy. Boom. Boom. Bring some food to my room so we can eat it all night. Keep the Briski in sight. And I. Woke up this morning. I got myself a ham. Let me clear something's up for you right away. You want me to Keep going? Yeah. Because I hope it's gonna get better. No, I wasn't the rip tail of balloon in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade. No, I'm not one of the moon dogs from WrestleMania. No, I'm not Dusty Rhodes. No. I'm not gonna pay a lot for that muffler.


No, I'm not. Boo Powell as a Rastafari. No, I wasn't making a list and checking it twice last December. No, I haven't buttoned this jacket since I bought it. Now I'm that baby healed Star Trek episode. No I'm not. Tip O'Neill is the Michelin man. No, I'm not Norm from Cheers if it was set in California. No, it's not a fucking wig. Okay. It is my real hair. Really?


It's all on the shampoo. Some people shampoo with pre, some people use Head and Shoulders. I just get out the Dippity D in the mopping Globe. But look, I read Mines. All right. Call me Kreskin for this shit. I'm getting a reading for this girl. Ooh, she's thinking of my fall. She's fucking dead. A lot of fat jokes. Yeah, lots. It is better than this. This is like some things he did on tv. This is like him like recording a set for television. It looks like 88. Was it 88? Yeah. Yeah.


That wasn't the best set. He had an insane Jackie Gleason depression. Insane. And a lot of think, you know, he, he inspired a lot of comedians, a lot of, a lot of comedians in Long Island. That just wasn't the best set of his. Yeah, but I mean guys are writer. Holy shit. Oh you bang him out, man. But again, it's like the world was different then. You gotta also think standup comedy, let's, let's just put it to perspective. 1988 was 36 years ago. 36 years before that, there was no standup comedy. Wow. Yeah. So you have to think about it. Right? So if you went back to 19, you know, 1950, let's go to 50.


What the fuck is there? What's the, what's the standup comedy? It's nonsense. It's guys in the Catskills that are telling two Jews walking into a bar. Jokes. Yep. It's not real comedy. And then Lenny Bruce comes along in the sixties and then everything changes. Then you get Mort Saul. You get Joan Rivers. Yeah. Eventually they come later. Okay. They all come later and Carlin comes later and then, and Pryor comes later. They're all inspired by Le Lenny Bruce. Lenny Bruce is really like the germ. He was really like the center of it all. Like from him, all things come like that guy's the real godfather of comedy. The kind of comedy that we do. We talk about stuff, right? Like everybody was just telling jokes back then.


They were just being jokey joke guy. And then, you know, there was Don Rickles who was like the insult guys and insulting people. That was always very funny. But nobody was doing like social commentary. Nobody was like making funny points about things that go on in society until Lenny came around. Yeah. And he was working against the machine a little bit. Getting arrested. Yeah. Left and right. Dude, that's pretty sweet. Pretty wild. You really think about it. I had in my office, I have a photograph of him getting arrested. I mean, I don't think you can get arrested for comedy anymore, right? Oh, You definitely could try. You can in Canada a challenge. Except in Canada you can get sued. You get you, I, I know I had a guy on the podcast that got sued and lost. He got fined.


'cause there was, there was a, a few different things. This guy had made a joke about a kid who was Mike Ward. What? Mike Ward. Mike Ward. Thank you. He had made a joke about a kid that they had done some benefit for like a really sick kid. And the kid was still alive a few years later. And he's the, you know, some kind of a joke about like, can I get my money back? Like, is this kid really sick? Like, something along those lines. I might have fucked it up. I think I butchered it. But anyway, the point is it was just a joke. And they sued him and they won. Like he got charged and he lost. Like who, who sued him? The parents. I think they find him. I, I think it was one of those things where, see, let's find out what the specifics of it are.


'cause there was another one in, I believe Vancouver where a comedian was getting heckled by these lesbians. And they starts making fun of them for being lesbians, saying a bunch of really rude things. And that guy got fined too. like a large number. Interesting. Yeah. Like you can get, Canada does not have freedom of speech. It's not the same as the United States. It doesn't have a First Amendment. They have hate crime laws. So they have weird stuff. This is why Jordan Peterson, way back in 2016 was telling them like, you cannot have compelled speech laws. Canadians Canadian who mocked disabled child singer, did not breach limits of free speech.


That's not Mike Ward though. Case pitted, Quebec comedian Mike Ward against former child. Oh, that must be the child singer. That's sick. Did not breach limits of free speech. So, so it went to the Supreme Court. So this is 2021. When did we have 'em on? It was definitely way before that. 'cause it wasn't in, it wasn't in Texas. So he must have finally won under the five, four split decision. Jesus. Wow. Four people said fuck him. Fuck your joke. The top court ruled Friday while comedian Mike Ward's act ridiculed Jeremy. Gabrielle, a young man with Recher Collins syndrome. He was chosen as a target, not because of his disability, but because of his fame.


Which is true. And it's ruling. The court found that ward's jokes did not seek to incite others to mock Gabriel. And he cannot be blamed for the actions of Gabriel's classmates and others who parroted the jokes. See folks, this is what happens when you try to be too nice. You can't be too nice. You can't go that far with with, you gotta let people say things that are offensive. If you don't, then the only way to enforce that is totalitarianism. You start locking people in jail. I know you want people to be a better person. They should be encouraged to be better people. But you can't do that. You can't fucking force people to say things or not say things. I think He came on after this happened in 2016, Right? He was on 35,000. Yeah. He got paid. Th he's ordered to pay 35,000 in moral imp punitive damages.


But that's not as much as the guy in Vancouver. The guy in Vancouver. I think if I'm, if memory serves me, I think it was a lot more money. The guy in Vancouver, there was two lesbians heckling him at a show. It says 22,500 for That one. Okay. I might have thought it was 225,000 or something. Either way. Fuck you. Yeah. Fuck, fuck, fuck You. I was in Calgary one time. I was talking about the queen. Oh. And then the mc came up and he goes, ah, fuck these Americans. They come here, they think we have a queen. Learn about the country. You're coming to And. I was like, oh shit, I thought you had a queen. So I went to the public library, did all this research, and there is a queen because there was a treaty.


And so she acts as the queen. So the next day I went up and he came up to bring me off stage. And I. Go, Hey man, just stay here for a sec. And I, read the treaty. And. I go. Just so you know I'm an American, but I, we, you do have a queen. And then I took a $20 bill out and licked it and stuck it to his forehead. And. I go. She's on your fucking money, man. I just like, ugh. What a dick. That's hilarious. Well, some comedians are dicks And no lawsuit. That's awesome. Yeah. Well you were right. How are they gonna suit you for being Right, right. Yeah. Fucking idiots. But it's like that, that thing of like, you try, you know, you try to set up society where you prevent people from being mean.


But the problem is people are gonna be mean. And the only way to prevent people from being mean is to really ostracize people who are mean. And then have everybody else learn from that. And like, learn from the way you talk about these people that are mean. And then we all kind of grow together. Yeah. You can't have laws that enforce your opinion of what someone can or cannot be allowed to say. 'cause then you never get that guy's joke. Your friend. Right. Sick. 'cause I'm fucking my sister like that. You don't get that. Yeah. Right. You don't get that joke. 'cause it's, that's illegal So. like, then you don't get funsies. 'cause that's just funsies. He didn't really fuck anybody. It's a joke. Exactly. you know, Bob Marley didn't shoot any sheriffs. It's just fun.


It's a fun, this is a fun thing to say. Yeah. When I was in seventh grade, if you talked in the history class, they made you take a pacifier and sit there like you were a baby. Oh, that's hilarious. Because they were like, I told you to shut up. Now you have to suck on this pacifier. Oh my God. And there's no fucking way you'd be able to do that now. But guess what, everybody shut up. That had the pacifier. I got paddled. I got paddled in Florida. I got in a fight with this kid, Preston Banks, me and this kid. We got in a scrap and we both got brought to the principal's office and we got paddled. Well, they whacked me in the ass with a fucking cricket racket. It was like this. They had this fucking thing. They slap you one shot in the ass. Like, and then they send you home and you're like, whoa, I got hit.


Yeah, You can't do that today. Oh, there's no Chance. But by the way, we never fought again. Yeah. And we became friends after that. That's What I'm saying. It's like these kids now can take a chair from the back of the room, throw it at the teacher when he is not looking. And that teacher just has to sit there and take it. Can't. Well, yeah. Especially when you get into high school, things get very, very dangerous. Very, very, very dangerous. Because people are starting to get strong and they're aggressive. And these men, these young men have testosterone for the first time in their their life. So all of a sudden you're 13 and then boom, the factory opens. Yeah. And you're like, Yahoo. And you start growing. You got a mustache now. Now you're 14 and 15. And then you got this fucking loser teacher. This teacher's talking shit and you wanna fuck this teacher up.


Yeah. And you know, if you do, you'd be a hero for the rest of the class. You'd be a legend for all your boys if his teacher's talking shit and you just grab his tie and box him in the face. Yeah. Guys hit teachers. There's so many videos of people. Oh, all the Time. So many online videos of poor teachers getting beaten up by their students. And It's always the guys that fucked first that would take the lead on that. I always felt it was those guys. Yeah. It was like the rest of us waiting to have sex. We were just sitting in our chairs Listening, you know, way to fight. Yeah. Especially the teacher. Yeah. No Way. We're women that beat the teachers up. Those are horrible. Horrible. Because those are slow beatings. Like not much gets done. you know, it's like a lot of hair pulling. It's like watching a tall guy fall. Ugh. Shitty punches to the face.


Yeah. And you're just Trapped there and nobody's helping you. And everyone's screaming and cheering. Oh, that's great. They're all filming it. And then we wonder, why does nobody wanna be a teacher? Why does the education system sucks? Why, why, why, why? Well, because you fucking, the whole thing sucks. Like, you can't even, you couldn't even just fix the schools. You gotta start from a foundational level in the bad neighborhoods. Like you have to like somehow or another help people get the fuck out of this place of total complete despair. Yeah. And the fact that these places of total complete despair have existed in the same location for decade after decade after decade. And you, you want these kids to do better. Like how? Right. How All they've done is see it repeated over and over And over.


Think about your dad. Like, how did that happen? That didn't happen. I Choose not to think about my Dad, Joe. Thank You. But if you were your dad's dad, that would've never happened. you know? you know what I'm saying? Like, you know, you, we, we have the good fortune of understanding the mistakes of those who came before us. And even like I mean even thinking about, we can't even put our mind in what it must be like to be a kid that grows up in the south side of Chicago in 2024. Oh no way. Where you're seeing people shot every weekend. You can't put yourself into that. So to expect that child to come out of that environment and then go to Yale and be fine with everything.


Be fine when he's heard bullets. Yeah. Whiz by his head. He's seen his friends get shot in the street. He's seen Drivebys, he's seen all that. He's seen drug dealers wrapping in the streets, holding guns and smoking weed in front of everybody and, and street takeovers. Have you seen that from the time you were a child? How, how are you gonna, how are you gonna escape that? Right. 'cause even if, even if you do escape it, sometimes some part of you misses it and thinks now you're not being normal. Right. It's like when guys come back from the Middle East, right. And they're like, I want to go back there. And it's like, why the fuck would you wanna go back there? But it's because that's their new normal. That's what they miss It. It's not just that it's also alive. It's alive. Like if you're gang banging like that, you're alive. There's a lot going on.


Sure. you know, you go from that to working in and out. Yeah. Like, what is this? I'd rather be in jail. you know, guys would rather get shot. They really would. And some, some places and some, some people, they would rather be living the life. 'cause at least that life, there's one of the things that comes out of gangs and bad neighborhoods is a brotherhood and a comradery that doesn't exist in their home. Right? Sure. So they, they don't have any like real love in the home, but the love they have with the people that they would literally kill people for. And they're all together and they're making money together and they're partying together. They're having a good time together. Driving cars together. Like this is way better than whatever they grew up with. It's like Band of brother shit. Yeah. It's exciting. They're literally in a war, but they're in a war in a American city.


Yeah. Which is crazy. But I mean, if you look at the death toll of people killed in Afghanistan during the height of the war, it's comparable to the people killed in South side of Chicago. I would imagine the people in the south side of Chicago, more people get killed. I think what happens in war, of course, is depending upon the war, of course, but sometimes there's large amounts of death. Like in ga, I would, if you can call it a war, like there's large amounts of deaths and large amounts in one day. Right? Which in gang violence, you get it over the weekend, you know this guy got shot, that guy got shot. It's cumulative. but I bet it's close. And. I believe it's higher. I believe the death toll for the south side of Chicago is as high or higher than Afghanistan at the height of the war.


That's wild. Wild. And then if somebody dies in Mexico, there's a tourism alert. Oh yeah. Where you're not supposed to go. Well, it's the way they die in Mexico. The old Ilian neck tie. I've seen some videos. Whew. Damn. There was a dude who used to be a doorman at the improv. And one day I was just walking in the club, I'm like, what's up? He goes, you wanna see this cartel video? And, I go, what is it? And it was a dude who is tied up, tied up in his arms and his legs in all position, and a pit bull was eating his dick And I was like, yo, I do not need to see this far go on stage. Like this is horrific.


Yeah, this huge pit bull was just clamped down this guy's dick. And he's just writhing back and forth in agony while this dog eats him alive. So nice. It's a great Jesus Christ Great Peanut butter commercial. Don don't think they use peanut butter. I don't think they have to. These dogs are literally trained to eat people. I would. Which is fucking terrifying. Did you get, is there a place that show statistics about gang violence? Sorry, I need to know more about what deaths are you talking about in Afghanistan. Okay, let's say this because It's like everyone is a lot. It's they way outnumber the Chicago deaths In the weekends or all total? Total 2023. There was 621 deaths in Chicago and 2021 And I.


See for Afghanistan, 5,200 civilians were killed. But is that when we pulled out? Yeah. Yeah. That's different. That was 8 88. That was were killed The year before. 8,600, the year before that. Oh, Okay. 53 that. Oh, so it's always more, it's always more for Afghanistan. The year we pulled out was horrific though. Right. Soldiers though, if you just do Western Soldiers, it's a very similar number. But I think that's what it was Killed. That's not Civilians. It's okay. So it's, it's people in Afghanistan that are killed Western soldiers. Western. So western soldiers. It's comparable. Yeah. That must be what I read. But still even thinking about an American city. Not even an American city. The south side of an American city. A major metropolitan city Versus a fucking war torn country.


Right. It's a country that I mean. It's a city rather than Frank Sinatra wrote a song about, it was his kind of town. Right. My kind of town shit. Have you heard AI convert Frank Sinatra into Eminem? So Frank Sinatra is singing Lose Yourself. Oh my God. It's perfect. Does it sound amazing? It's It's amazing. Yeah. It's amazing. Have you heard it, Jamie? Yeah. You don't think it's amazing? Look at this face. Look at his face. I'm super cynical. All day. I still, Yeah, He rolled his Eyes. Fucking I. It sounds cool, but when would you ever want to, are you gonna choose to listen to that? Any day Ever? Just like a loop in my house.


I know. All day long today. It's a cool like experiment off often, but like it's never really like good. No, you're right. It's interesting though. Yeah. To me it's fascinating how competent it is. How here it's, listen, what's, how good this is? I hope This is the right one. This is actually not what we thought that Was. What do you mean? That was a cover by someone singing. Who Is that? It says the guy's name right here. Oh, It's not ai. No, That was like a lounge singer. Yeah. Oh, He's great. Keep him going. Who is this guy? Well, Is it that guy that covers all of the songs? Well, So they're, that's Richard Cheese. Yeah. Yeah, That's what I was thinking. So do we have a problem here with like sound stuff? YouTube shit?


Is that what this is? That we can't play That I, that don don't, don don't know if anyone's got the rights to the Well let's cut that out just so we don't get in trouble and just say who the guy is. We, we'll cut that out. We'll edit that out so we don't get in trouble. Who's the Guy? I don't know that we would, I don't, that's a, it's a, I don't even know the rules. They Always fuck us man. They fuck us when we Were from playing a song and they come after. Oh yeah, you could play like two se what is his name? Ben Dunhill Is Ben Dunhill singer's name. Damn. That's good. I thought that was really good. I saw a YouTube reel or an Instagram reel. So there is, but I, that's what I said. I play, I just chose the wrong one was all when I clicked. Oh, well that one was really good. Okay, this is the thing that I saw. But see that's the same thing, same Guy.


That's the cover. See, some people got tricked by the cover. They got tricked. Damn Ben. He's Doing a gangster. P You're so good. Lemme hear this. So what Chad brought up though is this guy from like early Napster days. Richard Cheese in the lounge against the machine. That guy that went super viral. Yeah, I remember that guy. And he was doing these lounge versions of like rage against the machine and Right, right, right. Prodigy and all sorts of fun things. The thing about that guy is though, he sounded exactly like Sinatra. Yeah. Be this ben downhill guy. Yeah. Yeah. I mean that sounded like an AI Sinatra. That's why like it tricked that guy on that video that I saw. Wow. How good is that? Dude, thank you for catching that. There's a Lot of people online that are willing to repost anything and just say, this is what this is just for.


They get so much money for engagement farming is what it's Called. So yeah, I was reading something about that. I was reading something about, someone was talking about how they make money on Instagram and that they're making thousands of dollars a month on Instagram and with engagement. And that's why they post so much. Someone say, why you post so much? Well he's like, I make money. This is like a business for me. Like this isn't. And I'm like, what? How much money can you make on Instagram? I mean if it also, if you're, you'd be doing TikTok on YouTube too. You'd be making th thousands of dollars for about an hour of work a day. Yeah. Why would you rather regular work? Yeah. No shit. I have people that do like, we'll go through one of my albums and then they'll, they'll actually make it into a sketch where they play all of the parts, me, my children, whatever it is.


Wow. That I'm talking about. And then they put that out and tag me in it. And it's like, don don't know. They make, they make money off of it. That's wild. And then, then I try to post something and they say there's a copyright infringement. It's like, that's my, that's fucking mine. Yeah. The the legalese shit. It all gets real weird. Yeah. It's just like, I get it. There's a lot of people make, but there's a lot of people making money off of other people's stuff too. So I get that. Why that would piss you off, that someone's taking your stuff. I saw a discussion today. I think Marquez Brownley was bringing it up, that he pays a company to transcribe his videos for YouTube, uploaded the transcription so people can look at it in close captioning and whatnot. There are now companies that exist that can rip that transcription off of YouTube.


I'm not sure exactly how. And then they're uploading that as blog posts. Ooh. And then they make, you know, ad revenue off of a blog post that they did no work to. Well there's so many blog posts that are clearly either made by AI or by foreign people that don't totally understand English. 'cause the way they phrase things is goofy. And They do like celebrity news. Like sometimes you get suckered into clicking on a link. Like you read like a legitimate story. And then underneath it there's a sponsored link. Why is John Travolta homeless? Like what John Travolta's homeless. And then he Gets, you got me. He got me. And then you get sucked in like the 10 people that have aged the worst over the last 20 years. Like, oh, I'll click on that every time. What's going on here?


Yep. What is happening here? People who lie about plastic surgery and you go and look at that, oh my goodness, you fucking liar. And then you get sucked in and it's like, next, next, next, next. So it's each, each one you click, they get a new click, you know, they get a new, it's not like it's not all in one page. It's in multiple pages. Yeah, there's multiple hits. And then they're getting the ad revenue off of that. We had a guy back in the day that went to jail because he rigged something so that every time you went to his, his website, if you afterwards bought something from Amazon, it would credit his account. Like you went through his website, his website link to get Amazon. So You get like a percentage. Yeah. So he like put like a cookie in someone in your computer or something.


I don't know exactly how, I don't want to say how it went. But this guy got went to jail because he was making money that really wasn't his money. Sure. So instead of someone saying, Hey, I like, I don't know if they still do this, but the way it used to do is they would say, Hey, if you wanna support this podcast, use our Amazon link on our website and we get a cutback from Amazon every time you use it. And so they would do it as a way to support. And then it would also, it would probably facilitate some impulse purchases that maybe you would never make before. Like you go, oh this guy's got a great podcast. I'm gonna help him out by going to Amazon. Oh I can use socks. And then you just, you start, you start buying things off of Amazon. It's so easy.


And then, you know, so this guy would do that. If you would go to that Amazon, even if you didn't buy anything, it would put like a cookie in your computer. So next time you went to Amazon, oh shit. It was saying like, oh he went through my website. They Do that now with like a, if they go to my website or they go to your videos, stuff like that. And then they can, they can send ads out to people that have similar click patterns. Like all that shit. Wow. That just blows my mind. Yeah. I was reading a thing today. They were saying, don't have an Amazon Alexa in your bedroom. Whoa. Are you talking dirty to each other? Amazon Alexa is listening. You're Trying to watch porn. You're just listen To yourself. Fuck. She has to listen. This's. The only way it works, it has to listen. Yeah.


Do You use one of those? No. Yeah. I Don. No. No way. Dude. I always assume my phone's listening to me too. Always. And now I know it is. For sure. At least with, that's where I think one of those, we don't know that when you buy that, like you've already agreed to like Right. Having a microphone around you all the time. Yeah. And you don't think about it, you just think, oh what a convenience. Yeah. I just ask Alexa and she'll play music for me and Alexa will turn the lights down. Alexa will do all these things. Yeah. What a great thing to have. Sometimes I'll just yell, Alexa, make my daughter stop talking to me. And she's like, we have an Alexa now. It's like, no, just please take the Hint. Well if you talk shit to Siri, Siri gets upset. Like if you ask like you get rude with Siri.


Yeah. Siri will go, there's no reason to talk like that. Why are you talking to me in That time? Yeah. Siri. Siri has like, we're, you know, maybe a month away from that being implemented completely on your iPhone. Right? Isn't the new iPhone 18? iOS 18? Doesn't that have like a much more advanced Siri that I'll have conversations with you. We'll Find out when we get to use it. That's for sure. Well you could use it right now, right? Can't use the beta if you wanted to. Yeah, if you want to get crazy, I would not assume that it works perfectly, but Yep. My don don't know. I bet by the time they're letting people try the beta, it's probably pretty good. I think Marcus Brownley just released a video where he was examining iOS 18. The pros and cons of it, the things that it can do, it can make text messages with a satellite now.


Oh. So if you're in a place that has no service, you can send out a text message via satellite. Not just an SOS, but like you could Yeah. Send a specific text to people. It can also make people very lonely. 'cause you're gonna be talking to this robot. Yeah. That's Gonna be weird. It's like the movie her It. Oh yeah. Yeah. It's, that's one 100% gonna happen. And by the way, Scarlet Johansson, she sued, was it? Which one was it? Chat? GPD? Yeah. Or Was threatening, was it Gemini? I, don Dunno if she actually went through with it. But Yeah, she was open Ai the company. Okay. So they were asking her if they could use her voice and she said no. And they used a voice that's exactly like her voice. Oh, not exactly. Pretty close.


Close enough. Close enough. Where she decided she was gonna sue. Is It her shit? Threaten Sue from like other clips? Well, it's her from, no, it's another person. Okay. But her contention is they got a person to sound like her, which people have sued for before. Right. Like, didn't K Kim Kardashian Sue because they had a, a Kim Kardashian lookalike did a commercial when Kim wouldn't do it. Oh, interesting. Yeah. So if like you won't do something, they can get someone to look super similar to you to do it and then they'll go, oh fuck, fuck you, I'm suing you. People Were sending me a car commercial for a while that I had to listen to it twice 'cause I thought it was me. Oh, wow. And they didn't even ask me the first time. Oh wow. I mean they just like, wait, no, no, no. I mean they weren't trying to use my voice at all.


But it's, but They used someone who sounded so much like you, You, it was, it was crazy. A lot of people thought like, Hey man, congrats on that commercial. And I was like, what's that now? Yeah. The Scarlet Johansen thing. We played it, now that I'm thinking about it when I play, when we played It here, it was different because she was the voice of her. Right. So she was the voice that Joaquin Phoenix falls in love with. But the clip that we played, it was her like bedtime talking, you know, like he was laying in bed. And I think she had like more of a raspy time to go to sleep voice. Whereas in, you know, the regular chat GPT implementation is like Scarlet at the office. Okay. Did you ever see that movie where she becomes a, God? What's it called?


Do you remember? Lucy? Lucy? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I haven't seen That's a wild Fucking movie, man. That's that's a fun movie, man. She Is one of those, one of those actresses where if I see her on the picture of the movie, I'll watch It. She's compelling. Yeah. She was great in this movie Under the Skin. It was an indie sci-fi film. And she played an alien. Okay. She played this alien that seduced men and like drowned them in another dimension. It's very hard to describe exactly how it did, but she, she was naked walking to them and they were just slowly drowning. It was a crazy movie, like a really weird movie. But she's an alien. She comes from another planet and she's really hot and she like seduces these men And Un Under the Skin.


Yeah. I will be. This is, it's a crazy movie. Crazy Movie. Be watching that. So I don't know if the Alien did that to her. And then she, and then it became her. I don't remember how it worked or she just assumed that 14. It was really good though. Very original. like a original movie. Like you watch like Woo, but again Hot. Like, like ruin your life hot. Yeah. Like change your plans, move to another state hot. you know, there's, there's certain women that they lock eyes with you. You're in real trouble. Oh man, that happened to me. I got her to move to Minnesota. Oh, that was pretty sick.


That is pretty sick. Yeah. And she's still there. Congratulations. Thanks. Thank you. Yeah, sometimes it works. You never know. But the thing is like if she's an alien and she really just wants to drown you in another dimension, I fucking Let her You might have to. Yeah. You might. I mean whatcha are gonna live forever. No you're not. You're sure not. At least you go out in a very unconventional and pretty amazing way. You're people gonna be talking about that forever if they know. Yeah. If they ever find out about It. Vultures can't find me if I'm way under an interdimensional water system. What Do you think is going on with all this UFO talk? Think it's all nonsense. I don't even know about it. You don't pay attention at all? Not really. Wow. Because I, if they want to come get me, let's go. But like, when you see all this like disclosure talk on television, they're talking to Congress and you don't pay attention to any of that shit.


Not really good For you. I, I wait until the end's like, right. It's like I tell my kids all the time, don't borrow worry from around the bend. Right. It's like if you're gonna have to worry about it, you're gonna have to fucking worry about it. Yeah. I'm not necessarily worried about the alien thing. I'm more interested. Sure. I'm like, what is this? What the fuck is going on? you know, what, what? How much of this is nonsense? It's not 0%. So, okay. What, how much of it is real? So you, you do think that people are coming down or other, I think it's highly likely that the universe is way stranger than we think it is. Way stranger, And, I don't even know if it's as conventional as a thing gets in a ship and flies here from another place.


Sure. I think it might be interdimensional traveling. It might be something that's always been here. There's that thought because there's so many instances of things like what we think of that are in like the Bhagavan Gita and these ancient texts. They are thousands and thousands of years old. And they're talking about things that fly in the sky, flying chariots, flying things that have gods in them. Like what is that? What's that All about? Comets, shooting stars Could be for sure. Some of them probably. Right. Some of these things that people see streaking across the sky, they see something extraordinary, lights up the sky and then mythology gets attached to that. Right.


And then people, you know, 10 years from now tell that story. And then other people tell the story that's told to them by the people that were there. And then that gets a little twisted up like a game of telephone. There's some of that too. But then there's also uniformity. There's uniformity to the descriptions of the movements of the ships and, and what these things do and what why they're interested in us and what they say. It gets very weird. It gets very weird to the point. It's like, okay, if this is a mass illusion, if this is a creation of the mind, like Carl Young thought it was a creation of the mind thought it was some sort of an illusion that people conjure up in their mind. But it's just like a common illusion. It's just like it's there in the human psyche.


But then there's also like physical evidence of these things. The physical evidence is when things get real weird. 'cause then like if you are telling the truth, then this isn't totally an illusion. Or maybe it's all those things. Maybe it's total bullshit lies people with myths that make up myths about comets and natural disasters and all kinds of other stuff. And also interdimensional beings occasionally. And then also things that have always been here occasionally. And then also things from another planet occasionally. Yeah. I mean all things are pro, it's not binary. Right. It's not either UFOs or bullshit or you know, they're real 100%. It's like, it might be all those things.


Everything combined. That's what I think a lot of people struggle with is it can be yes and yes. Yeah. It doesn't have to be. Yes and no. Yeah. There could Be a lot of things going on simultaneously and we can't be con we we're concentrating on one. Some of them, I 100% am convinced are government drones that work on some incredibly sophisticated propulsion system that probably doesn't have a person in it. But they probably can move at fantastic speeds using some new novel propulsion system that they don't wanna release to the public. And they probably don't know how to weaponize it yet. They're so, they're probably flying these things around and insane rates of speed. They just can't put guns on 'em yet.


you know, they, they can't figure out how to shoot people with them, but so they just, they're just fucking with them. And then I think that's the reason why they keep getting cited over these military spaces. I think they try 'em out on the troops just like they try out vaccines in the troops. Just like they try out burn pits. you know, they didn't test burn pits to make sure that people weren't gonna get sick if they're just breathing in toxic fumes from all the garbage from thousands of troops and they just did it. you know, And I think they probably did the same thing with everything. They just try shit out. Yeah. I Also wonder if you hear something, if it makes you think it, like when I watched Blair Witch Project Oh yeah. I went into, it was dark when I got home. It was light when I left and dark when I got home. And I sprinted.


And all of a sudden you think you're seeing fucking people in the corner turned around and you go, well that can't be right. you know? Right. Yeah. So once it's in your head, maybe you keep seeing it. Definitely. Sure. Yeah. Things in the woods, things you see in the woods. That's probably what Bigfoot is gets in your head, I would think. Yeah. You go Looking for that fucking giant Harry man. Yeah. You see a tree kind of bend with the wind and you're like, what the fuck was that? Yeah. The thing about Bigfoot that's really interesting though is that Native Americans have a bunch of different names for them. There's a lot of names for them and they don't really have a lot of fake animals. They don't, it's not a common trait in North American culture to, in any Native American culture, rather to worship a bunch of different things or to talk about a bunch of different things that aren't real.


Like mostly they were talking about real things and then spirits. Right? Like they would talk about the different spirits of the sky and spirits of the sun and nature. They're essentially talking about Mother Earth and God and Gaia and nature. But they didn't have like fake animals. They did have Bigfoot. Yeah. There's a lot of, a lot of, there's a lot of Bigfoot that makes you go, I think at one point in time it was real. I think at one point in time You think there were a bunch of them. Yeah. Well they know there was a real thing. Right. They know there's a thing called Gito pitus. And Gito pitus existed alongside human beings for sure. 100%. And it was a bipedal hominid that was between eight and 10 feet tall.


And it was like in the orangutan genus. And this thing was discovered in the 19, I wanna say 1920s or 1930s in an apothecary shop in China. And anthropologists was there and he found these massive primate teeth. And he instantly knew that they didn't belong to a gorilla. They didn't belong to any known primate. And he's like, where'd you get these? And so they took 'em to the site and they started digging. They found jaw bones that indicated that it was bipedal. Something about the position of the jaw that indicated this thing stood up on two legs and by, by the size of it. And then they found some other bones. I think they have a very incomplete skeleton of these things, but they know that it was a real animal.


And they know that it existed as recently as, I believe it was a hundred thousand years ago for sure. But it could be way more, way more current. There's just no bones available. So then you think that thing was real, stories got passed on and then people started seeing it. Okay. Yeah. Probably I could get behind that. Yeah. Also where it existed Makes sense. Because if you think about the sightings, the sightings are all in the Pacific Northwest, right? The Pacific Northwest. If you follow that up past Alaska, which also has a lot of sightings, then you go across the baring land bridge. Yep. Right. And Asia was where this thing existed. It kind of makes sense. And then the more they find out about people on, in North America, they used to think that all people came across the Baring Land bridge.


They don't think that anymore. There's so many, there's so much, so much evidence of people that we hear 25,000 years ago. There's footprints in, in the ground, the like in mud that they've, they've now carbonated to more than 20 plus thousand years old. And so that's just what we have, right? That's just the footprint that we got lucky and got from 20. Who's to say that there's not people that were here 50,000 years ago, a hundred thousand years ago. So now you've got Bigfoot's real, right? Because if those people really were alive and while those people were alive, so if you go back, just go back 20,000, right? If you go back 20,000 years ago, you're dealing with North American lions, which were the biggest lions on earth, bigger than African lions.


You have saber-tooth tigers, you have giant sloths. You have all these enormous animals that don't exist here anymore. And this was all in North America alongside people. It just kind of makes sense that you would've a bigfoot, you'd have a gito pentheus at the same, at least a few of them, especially up there up there where they're like, they're, it's thickly dense forest. Seems like if you're a a big fucking plant eating shithead, that's what you would live, you would live there. It just totally makes sense that they probably existed. Just like all these other things. you know, they don't find a, a whole lot unless they're in the tar pits.


They don't find a whole lot of like saber tooth tigers. They don't find a whole lot of things that existed before 25, 30 5,000 years ago. Except dinosaurs, of course. So who knows? Oh man, I would love if the afterlife, you were just there for an hour, hooked you up to a fucking cord. Put everything that happened in there. So, you know. Right. And then that's out. Lights out. What Would you do if you had a chance to, to be, get that cord hooked in and see an hour of any point in the, the history of the earth? What would you go to? Oh, well, If I was saying all of it, all of it within an hour, it just like, shoot, just To get the download. Yeah. Like when Keanu Reese knows kung fu and shit. Yeah.


That would be fun. But if you could go and see one point in history in the history of Earth, where would you go? I think I'd probably, oh, that's a great question. I mean, this is gonna probably be lame, but I'd like to World War ii. Mm. That's not lame at all. I'd like to see, I'd like to see the, the genesis of it all. And then, and then throughout and all the, all the hidden conversations that were taking place. You remember the opening scene in Saving Private Ryan? Oh my God. Yeah. That was the first opening scene. That was the first scene of a war that made me think this is probably what it was like back then for those guys.


Yeah. I didn't say one word. I went to a matinee. And I didn't say another word until I woke up the next day, Bro. It was so heavy. Brutal. It was so brutal and so graphic and so intense When that fucking guy doesn't kill the German at the end. Yeah. I mean furious. Yeah. Like breathing with my shoulders. It's a crazy fucking movie man. And only a tiny fraction of how crazy it really was. I'm Sure. Yeah. For sure. They did the existence of like being there and, and seeing it happen and being a part of it. Fuck man. And then they had to come back and they had to actually live lives.


Yeah. And, and no coaching. Right. You just come back what they call shell shock back then. Yeah. I don't even wanna see this dude. Yeah. This is Wild. don don't wanna see this. Speaking of which, how about that President? How about that Trump fellow? How crazy is this? If is, if there's ever been a real indication that we're in a simulation, it's like this season of USA Yeah. Is the craziest season that's ever existed. There's so many twists and turns. So many plots. Yeah. So many villains, so many incompetent, bumbling fools that you're like, there's no way that lady's a heartbeat away from the president.


There's no way. There's no way someone is not telling her to stop saying that same thing over and over again. What can be unburdened by what has been like, she just says it over and over and over again. This isn't real. This is writing. Someone wrote this, this it, it seems like a script When a, when a president that is giving a speech gets shot in the ear and then stands up and goes full John Bender at the end of Breakfast Club, Bro. He pumps his fist in the air. That was a craziest issue. And says fight, fight, fight. And when the fucking guy who's a photographer is a wizard, that guy who got that photograph, find out his name. 'cause this guy's award-winning photographer With the flag above it.


Yes. Yeah. And the angle that he got it, like where he was standing when he took the photo, it's one of the most iconic photos of all time. He Had a GoPro on while he was doing it. Wow. So You can watch him move In position of take it. Wow. That's nuts, man. That's nuts. So you could see as the bullets start flying, this fucking dude doesn't even duck. He's still got his camera out. He's right behind Trump. And he's just got his camera out. That is so gangster. I mean you wanna talk about getting the shot no matter what he's running around. There could be bullets flying his way, I would think. You're holding up something black in your hand that's pointed at the president.


You fucking should get shot I mean the Trump story is right out of a movie. And I'm hoping it's not a Stephen King movie. It came out while we've been recording. Secret Service ramped up security after receiving intel of Iranian plot to assassinate Trump. No known connection to shooting. Oh, they ramped that up. And so they ignored the roof 150 yards away. Yeah. It's chip shot. There's so many, there's so many things where you just go, what the fuck? What the fuck dude? Yeah. All of it. All of it. And there's so much of it that seems fake. Like the the female secret service agent that can't holster her weapon.


Have you seen this? She's like moving around all radically and she tries to holster her weapon. She can't get it in there. And she can't figure out how to put it in there. And she stops for a minute and she just tries back to do it again. And it looks so fake. Is she an actress? No. It looks like an actress though. Okay. It looks like if you were gonna have a bumbling person in a movie, like, almost like a Comedy of Errors or a Cohen Brothers movie about an assassination attempt on the president. Yeah. You have this lady. Look here. Watch. Watch what Her gun. Look. Look, she gets her gun out. She tried to put it in there. She couldn't do it. And she's thinking about putting it back in there. She finally gets it in there. Like the whole thing. It's like, look at her, look at her. Fumbling around the whole, the whole thing is crazy there.


Erratic movements. No one knows exactly what to do. It seems fake. Yeah. That's an audition I could nail. Yeah. It seems like, okay, now you're, you're panicking. You don't know what the fuck is going on. You really shouldn't be here. Go. You're like this. Yeah. Where did I put my gun? I get Does you want secret service? Cool. Calm, collected, you know, high ready with the gun, scanning the area, looking left and right. Yep. You want them like swift decisive movements. You don't wanna see any of this fucking squirrely trying to put the gun back in. It seems Faint when you see the Reagan shot. It is just a bunch of people moving this home. Dive on 'em. They dive on him. Yeah. Yeah. Bang, dive on him. This seemed, it's almost seems like as this simulation gets further and further along Yeah.


It gets more and more insane. Yeah. Look at this. Yeah. They dive, they dive on The gun immediately. They got him. Yeah. Immediately they get his gun immediately. And Reagan survives. Yeah. Which Is also crazy. The, the Trump one is just so nuts too. Like if he turns his head at the last second and the bullet grazes his ears, if he didn't, it hits the back of his head and he's dead. And then we fall into chaos and who knows what the fuck happens. Big Chaos. And then people think that the Biden administration had Trump killed. And, and then there's these questions like, how the fuck does this 20-year-old kid climb on that roof 150 yards away and no one sees him?


That's Wild. Well, that one guy was pointing at him the whole time. Yes. He's like pointing two seats. Yes. He's like, he's right There. And they're yelling. He's got a gun. There's a guy in the prone position on a roof, 150 yards away from the former president. The whole thing's nuts. The whole, the whole thing stinks of either incompetence or a design or we're in a matrix. Yeah. This is a fucking fake movie. It seems like almost to watch this, the most bombastic and manly of presidents, you know, the, for a lack of a better term, to see him with these two female bumbling secret SEC service agents.


Especially the one to see that, to see everything happen the way it is to see that they knew that sky was on the roof. That, to hear that, that guy had pointed his rifle before that at a cop. So the cop engaged him and he pointed the rock bill and the cop ran away. The guy climbed the roof with a ladder. You can see the ladder. The whole thing is bananas. Yeah. You just, he's 20 years old. And then you find out he was in a BlackRock commercial. You are like, am I, is this the black mirror? Like, tell me what's going on? Is this real? Is this real? And then Trump goes golfing with a bandage on his ear the next Day. Yeah. And then the, the putt, when he made the putt, Jesus Christ. Did You hear His quote? No. He said, that's the difference between me and the shooter.


I don't miss, this isn't A real Person. And then now you have people flooding from the left being like, all right. Yeah. That's a good quote. I'll, I'll do this. There's people that are like, okay, he won. Like, they've just given in. They didn't, they're not even gonna try to run anybody other than Biden. Now they were trying to get Biden out and now I think they've abandoned that. Well, I don't, I I wonder if they're doing the old, like, you know, train the boxer as a, as a south call. I just, I read that golf story too. This is not the first time. There's a lot of golf accounts that put out fake shit. Oh. And that Jamie stop ruining our dreams. I Just wanna Add you son of a bitch. That was Not seemingly real. Jamie plays a lot of golf and he gets very touchy when it comes to golf.


And he's called bullshit. That's, that's fair. Came It just came from a Reddit post that people screenshotted. There was no, No Pictures, no nothing else. Oh, well touche, young t touche happens a lot. You got your fucking story mentioned on the podcast. That's me. You suck bitches. You can get me, you can get me very easily. I did Read that too. The whole thing's so wild. There's video of the kid in the, the BlackRock commercial and you're like, what? And there's the video of a kid. Like they're, they're saying he's getting bullied in high school, but it doesn't seem like he's being bullied. It seems like everyone's having fun. 'cause he's talking about how he has a 10 inch penis and they're, they're just filming each other. Yeah. It looks like they're having fun. And you're looking like, how is it, two years later, this guy tries to kill Trump.


Like, what happened? Yeah. You, and then you find out he was a registered Republican. Like what, You know, high school, those 10 inch dick guys always getting bullied. Always Getting bullied. He was saying it funny. It was like, he's trying to be funny, you know, he say, yeah, I got a 10 inch penis. I mean, he wasn't saying like, I definitely have a 10 inch dick. It was like, he's, it didn't seem like he was being bullied. I mean, obviously I saw one clip, who knows what the fuck the full context of it is. But 20, 20 years old and he's got this, this, this idea and he pulls it off. He actually gets a shot off and nicks him. And then they kill him. Like you're seeing this 20-year-old kid. The, his life is over. Like, somehow or another, he talked himself into trying to assassinate the president as a lone gunman in Pennsylvania.


Got on top of a roof, either through sheer incompetence or some other, for some other reason, he actually gets a shot off and the president just moves his head at the right time. Like, the whole thing is, if it was in a movie, I'd be like, shut the fuck up. Yeah. That'll make you believe in God. That's when God's up there when he's going like, I don't want to talk to this guy yet. He's a lot. Yeah. don don't want him up here yet. It's, I don't, I'm the greatest angel. Or maybe he wants him here to expose how crazy our political system really is. Because the only way we find out how coordinated everything is, whether you're a Trump fan or not, whether you, even if you hate Trump, put that aside for a second and just look at how much coordination there is in the media to go after him.


And it exposes like this, this thing where you have to step back and go, wait a minute. What? Hold on a second. What, what's really going on? Like, what, whether you hate that guy or not Hate him. Hate him. Think he's a crook. Hate him. Think he's a liar. Hate him. Don't you think it's weird that they're all in lockstep with the way they talk about him, even with things that aren't true. Like, especially like the Russia collusion hoax that they all talked about for years and years that I thought it was real. I thought like he colluded with Russia and that was like the crazy thing about him winning the presidency. Oh my God, he worked with Russia. Maybe Russia has something on 'em. You kept hearing about it. Right. That was just bullshit. And they went through that for years and years.


And then start, you start going, okay, what else is coordinated? Where everybody is saying So, like how about the Nord Stream pipeline? you know, Seymour Hirsch says, we blew it up. Like esteem journalists is like, no matter what they say, I'm telling you, this was our doing. We blew this up. This wasn't some other country. This wasn't Russia. They wouldn't blow up their own pipeline. We blew it up. And, but every newspaper is like, this is bullshit. We, this was impossible. It could not happen. Why? This was, this was, oh, Russian disinformation. Russian disinformation. You hear it about like every story. It's like so hard to understand. Like, what is the motivation to getting these stories out? Are is, are these narratives created by the real government that runs everything and then like tells the news organizations that are in business with them what to say and what to do.


Who Knows I mean you get, that's where It get spooky. You Get like you're voting for a guy who isn't doing much when he gets there. Right. I mean there's a lot of people around that are making these things. And I will tell you, I still believe a lot some of the Russian shit, because you've heard me fucking misquote the golf thing. I mean I still believe a lot of shit. I hear, Oh, I do all the time that I, they get me all the time. There's so many stories that I'm sure bullshit that I've parroted. But if Trump, if Trump wouldn't play the political game, if he wouldn't put the people on the Supreme Court, I mean, I know it's his job when he is in there, but if he wouldn't do any of that shit, he's definitely the come out on stage and be like waving papers. You guys aren't gonna fucking believe this. Yeah. And tell everybody everything He is if he wasn't doing that other stuff.


But the only way he gets any support is if he does that other stuff too. Like, you gotta understand about Trump. He was a lifelong, lifelong Democrat. Yeah. Lifelong. Which is so weird. Wasn't it the, when he was starting to run for president, wasn't he still like, wasn't he when he started talking about it? I believe so. He's still a Democrat, right? Yeah. Thought I believe so. Well, he had a very close relationship with the Clinton's to the point where he paid them to come to his wedding or his daughter's wedding or one of those things. Yeah. Like you would pay them and they would come to weddings and events and he would go to events. you know, that was like the famous thing that was at the White House Correspondence Center. Do you remember that? The White House press correspondence.


Dinner was always supposed to be this thing where comedians would do it and they would like Michelle Wolf did it one year. Yeah. Fucking crushed it. I remember she crushed it so hard. And they would go up and they would, Trump was by the way, the first guy to not do it. Like, you're not making fun of me. Which is kind of a pussy move. But every other president got roasted. And one time during the White House press correspondence thing, Obama went on stage and he roasted Trump. And one of the lines he said to Trump, he said, I'm one thing that you'll never be, which is the president of the United States. 'cause this is when Trump was trying to claim that Obama's from Kenya. do you remember that? Right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. The birther stuff. Yeah. That was, which is wild.


That stuff was wild. you know, he was like, like saying he knows for sure that Obama came from Kenya and then there's people that were like examining Photoshops of the per certificate. It was a crazy conspiracy. And that was, you know, he was roasting Trump in the audience. And you could see Trump in his head going, okay, I'm gonna fucking run now. Like that might have been the thing that got him to run like legitimately. That's how crazy that guy is. That one moment. Yeah. Where Obama was talking shit to him. Might be the reason why Trump was like, I'll fucking show you. Because You do not want that fucking guy on your bad side. Well, this is the first time I've ever meant this, but thanks Obama.


Whoops. What a crazy turn of, again. Seems like it's written. Seems like a script, seems like a simulation. Seems Yeah. That shit Really Does. It really does. So much of it really does. So much of life really feels like a simulation. And the thing about the this Trump stuff and just all, all of the this, this stuff that's happening with social media and ai and the guy who's at the helm of one of the biggest social media networks in the world is Elon Musk. Elon Musk said that the odds of us not being in the simulation are in the billions.


Hmm. He believes wholeheartedly that we're in a simulation. See if you can find him saying that because it's such a nutty quote. 'cause when someone says that, you go, oh yeah, maybe. But when Elon Musk says that, and he says it definitively, he says it like with pure confidence and he, he's no hyperbole. He's just stating it like, this is something I've analyzed. This is something I've thought about this a long time. Yeah. But he also made that cyber truck. Do you like it or not? I just, it's, I, it looks like you can't be penetrated with A bullet. You can't be penetrated with a bullet and they're fun to drive. You ever driven one? I've driven a a Tesla normal.


But this is different. Same thing. It, it defies time doesn't make sense. It goes so fast for something that's so big, so fucking fast. And it's bulletproof. It's like, it's crazy. But it's the kind of thing that you would make if you're that guy. Like, let's make a fucking steel truck. That's bulletproof. Yeah. Simulation here. It's, do you entertain that? Well, the argument for the simulation I think is quite strong because if you assume any improvements at all over time, any improvement, 1% 0.1% just extend the timeframe. Make it a thousand years, a million years.


The universe is 13.8 billion years old. What would civilization, if you count it, if you're very generous, civilization is maybe seven or 8,000 years old if you count it from the first writing. This is nothing. This is nothing. So if you assume any rate of improvement at all, then games will be indistinguishable from reality or civilization will end. One of those two things will occur ultimate. Therefore, we are most likely in a simulation.


So this is on my podcast. He said that. But then there was another interview where he was being questioned like, what are the odds? And he said, the odds of us not being in a simulation are in the billions. He firmly believes it, but it might be what the universe is, which we were talking about how the universe is stranger. I think the universe is stranger than we think it is. That might be why. It might be because it's not totally real or nothing is totally real. The idea of totally real is not real. Like our concept of things being real is even if you fall, like look at quantum physics, right, which I definitely gonna butcher. But there's the observer effect. There's this thing that They do where they look at things on a quantum level.


And when you're looking at them and measuring them, they have a different reaction. There's something that's going on where we're interacting with matter, where it's, it doesn't make any sense. Like at the, the, if you get down to like the lowest levels of understandable reality, you get into subatomic particles and then you have spooky action at a distance where these things are somehow or another they're connected in, in vast spaces, but they interact with each other instantaneously. And if you take photons and photons are quantumly entangled, they figured out how to take some sort of a super sophisticated image of photons that are quantum entangled.


They look like a yin and a yang. Like, exactly. It's the wildest thing you see and you're like, what the, you see, Jamie will find, is that that Golden ratio thing? Is it part Of that The golden ratio is different. The golden, oh, okay. The golden ratio is like, there's like things like the Fibonacci sequence, there's like mathematical ratios that exist in all of nature. Yeah. This is, this is quantum entanglement. Okay. This is like two photons that are quantumly entangled. And when they get this like super sophisticated imaging of this thing, it looks like a yin and yang. Like Exactly. That's pretty sweet. Jamie will find it. So do we all, you think we all have a different simulation?


Like this is what I'm seeing. But in someone else's simulation, I'm the, I'm very poor. I'm living somewhere else. I'm doing this. Probably all things are happening simultaneously. And you're just in this one right now. And I'm not even sure if you're in the same one that you were in yesterday. That's where it gets weird. I think when you go to bed, like who the fuck knows what happens? You're closing your eyes and disappearing. Who is to say that you're coming back in the exact same place you might have been born today, your whole life. Everything that exists might have been a creation that did not exist 12 hours ago. You might have woken up. Here it is. Look at that. That is pretty insane.


Fucking insane. It looks exactly like a yin and a yang. Duality and harmony. That's the Chinese symbol for duality and harmony. And that is literally quantum entangled photons. Like there are so many things like that and sacred geometry. And when, when they're looking at all of this like the, just the smallest things they can measure, you're getting to magic. Subatomic particles are fucking magic. They're, what are they doing? They're in a super position. What the fuck does that mean? Well, they're moving and they're still at the same time. Like, what are you even saying? What does that mean? They blink in and out of existence.


They go away, they come back, they move around. You don't know where the fuck they went. Like what is this? It's magic. It's basically something that can't exist anywhere else other than in the quantum state. But that's the bot that's like the base of everything. Like everything you touch is nothing. There's nothing there. It's mostly nothing. And yet it's oak tables. I, we might be misunderstanding what happened here a little. How So we went over that with, who did we go over that with? I know, but it says that they did. I'm rereading it. We went over it with Eric Weinstein, didn't we? It says, so that Yingying was programmed into it, recovering enough information to recreate a yin yang symbol programmed into the photon generating apparatus, Applying tricks of holography.


The re researchers were able to read positional information into interference of two separated light waves, recovering enough information to recreate a yin yang symbol programmed into the photon generating apparatus. Yeah, but I know, I don't think they're saying they program that into it. If you, if you see what they're saying. The researchers were able to read positional information in the inter interference of two separated light waves, recovering enough information to recreate a yin yang symbol programmed into the photon generating apparatus. I think they're saying that they're recreating this symbol based on what's happening.


I don't think they're saying, they pro dam it, program it to look like that. My guess is that they're doing that so that they were looking so they knew what they were looking for. It says, as simple as the yin yang looks in this single static image represents a significant leap in measuring numerous quantum states in a short time. Don't you think that Eric Weinstein would've picked up on that? If that's what it was saying? I, I'm even, I just Go back to that stop, go back to what it just said there. 'cause I wanted to read the next, the next Where were you Down here? No, no. A little lower. This, it, this method is exponentially faster than previous techniques requiring only minutes or seconds instead of days. What importantly, the detection time is not influenced by the symmetry's complexity.


A solution to the longstanding scalability challenge in projective homology tomography. Okay. We're too dumb. I know, I Too dumb for that. It, it looks like they were looking at them and then figured out how to map them by what they were looking at X and then could program it. Right? Isn't quantum all sorts of directions, not just xy, it's a flat D image, you know, and it's like all the dimensions. So it's in super space and up and down and left and right. It's not Just flat. Well, how much can they see of a photon? Right? Like, what is a fo Okay, let's go, let's look at this like gimme an image. Google image of a photon. Let's see what the fuck they can say I mean. All this stuff is, how about neutrinos? They're passing through the earth like passing through us right now from space.


I felt that. What? Like what is this? Is that what it looks like? don don't know. What is that? Left shapes our photons so much crazier Than that one Bro. Look at that hologram of a single photon. What? Just that alone. Okay. If that is the, that's the fucking, that's at the bottom. You keep looking in the ingredients. Jesus individual points in a picture. Traditional photography merely register light intensity. The interference phenomena also registers the phase of the light waves. In traditional holography, a well-described undisturbed reference wave is superimposed with another wave of the same wavelength reflected off a three-dimensional object. When a hologram is generated, interference occurs as a result of the phase variations between the two waves resulting in a complicated pattern of lines.


That's a lot of words. Yeah. I don't know what the fuck I just said. That's the problem. We're too dumb. We're too uneducated to really understand what the fuck they're saying. But that's a, that's Why they can trick you. Yeah, yeah man. It's all about Jesus. Jesus is the base of it all. There's a, people believe that. Talk to you for a second. Maybe in their world, maybe if you be, here's where it gets really screwy, right? Maybe if you believe in Jesus it's real. Like maybe that's what religion is really all about. Maybe the thing is not, oh, I can prove that there's no God. Maybe if you believe there's a God, there's a God. Like it might this. That's how weird the simulation might be.


Well, I think it's a brilliant move. 'cause if you believe there's a God, you're never gonna know you're wrong. Right? 'cause it's like ghost to dark. Also, Jordan Peterson, he has this very interesting perspective on this. He says, I won't tell you whether or not I believe in a God, but I act as if God is real. And if you act as if God is real you will have a better life. Which is almost like that thing of the muse, right? Like is the muse a real thing that gives you ideas? I don't know. but I do know that if I sit in front of my computer on a regular basis, And I dedicate myself to writing ideas come to me. Yeah. And, I don't know if that's just like don don't know if creativity is like endurance.


I don't know if it's like a physical quality that you possess because of work. I don't know. To me, God is like year round Santa. It's like, go to sleep. Be nice. He's keeping a list. Yeah. That God, that kind of God. But what about the universe is God. There's some creative force that absolutely exists. And it's called the universe. It literally makes all the stars. It literally makes black holes. It literally makes carbon based life forms in goldilock zones on planets like ours. It makes it, the universe made us. So if, if you wanted to find evidence of a God, the universe is God.


It makes sense that it would be God. It it is everything. We want it to be a person. We want it to be like a, a guy with rules, right? But there are some kind of rules, right? As, as human beings, when we interact with each other incorrectly, we feel bad. When we interact with each other correctly, we get things done together. We, we spread love, we spread joy, we spread happiness. And that's a lot of the tenets of religion are preaching that. So it's almost like there's some guidelines that these people who had figured some whisper of what God is out, and they wrote it down on these animal skins and they locked them up in a fucking clay pot and kuron, and they found them and deciphered them.


And I mean that's what it is, right? That's what Dead Sea Scrolls are. I, whatever that is, is then literally interpreted. And it's interpreted by zealots and it's interpreted by people that use it to control people's behavior. And it's interpreted in a manner that controls large populations and, and forces people to be subjugated. Like that is the whole reason why the revolution, when Martin Luther created a phonetic version of the Bible and others were doing at the same time as well, or similar time periods, people were freaking out because now the Bible was available to people that didn't read Latin.


So now the Bible is available in German. And the people, and then guys like Martin Luther were saying, interpret the Bible as you will. And the priest were like, no, you fucking don't. We'll fucking kill you, dude. They're like, you're ruining our whole gig. 'cause their whole gig was, they were the power, they were the purveyors of control. The fucking Pope ran the biggest army in the world at one point in time. The Pope was running Europe. Well, Martin Luther, he got caught in a storm and then prayed to God. He goes, if you get me out of this, I'll do this. I'll start Lutheranism. Oh, really? And that's the ultimate I'll quit drinking. you know what I'm saying? It's like, I promise if you make me stop puking. Wow. So that's how that I mean.


Yeah, man. I, I think at the base of it all, there's a story, there's something that happened that there's too many similarities. And even, I always say this, sorry if you heard it, but the people that, like when you, in the Bible in the beginning there was like, what the fuck is the big bang? That is the big bang. So maybe they kind of understood some things, but they talked about it. It was a, a, a oral tradition for a thousand years before it was even written down. Some of these stories. And some of these stories have origins where they're super similar in other religions. Super similar catastrophe tales super similar.


Like there's Noah's Ark, which is real similar to the epic of Gilgamesh, which is real, like Thor is real similar to Jesus. It's like a lot of like real, like what really Happened? And if it's the beginning and it's light, maybe it's, maybe it's birth. Maybe it's the beginning of somebody's life. Could that maybe that's When they come out. Sure. Could be that too. But I, find myself at the end of a drive. Like I used to have to drive three hours to the airport back and forth for 17 years. Jesus. And I'd get home at dusk and deer are everywhere. And I'd just go, no, thank you. I don't believe in God. but I just go, no, thank you. Like, I don't want to hit one. And then I'd get home. And I. I would, I'd go, ah, universe. Thank you. I mean, that's, so, there's, there's gotta be something. Like if you're nice to somebody, niceness comes back.


If you're a dick in traffic, it almost seems like all the shitty drivers at once, their fucking beeper goes off and they hit the road. But if you're decent in traffic seems to open up a little bit for me anyways. That's what I've noticed. Depending On where you live, you live in la, you're fucked. No matter what. You're fucked. Yeah, sure. Yeah. I think there's something to that. But then there's also babies that get killed in drive-bys, right? Yeah. That's where, that's where it gets real confusing. So don don't think it's, don don't think it's necessarily, I don't think it necessarily really makes sense. I think it kind of makes sense. And then it doesn't. I, there's a, I just like the UFO thing and just like everything about human beings, I think there's a lot going on simultaneously.


That's why I want that hour long plugin. Mm. I don't want, I don't want eternal life. you know, how long that is? I mean? Come on. I just want, you Might have it no matter what. I just want to know. And then that's it. If You are living a new life every time you wake up, you might get eternal life. Whether you like it or not. That's what some people believe. They believe that there's some religions that believe you'll do this life over and over and over again until you get it right. Hmm. Well, I've got some work to do. Hey, we all do. Yes. I'm gonna get a couple extra Cracks of this, but guess what? If you get it all right, you're not gonna get standup comedy. you know? That's the problem. We are almost dooming ourselves to repeat over and over and over again. 'cause 'cause to do our job correctly, you have to step outta line and you gotta crack a few eggs to make an omelet.


Yeah. It's comedy is is pretty. Who's the Jeff Dunham? Do you remember him? Yeah, sure. So I was opening for him in Miami. And I. Just remember this, because this is the, my ultimate egg cracking the crowd hated me for 30 minutes. Oof. And so at the end of it all, I took my shoe off. And I, put my sock on my hand. And I go. Is this what you guys wanted? And I started doing that Fucking boo. And then Dunham comes back and he goes, this isn't gonna work this week. And I was like, I didn't think so. I'm sorry, but fuck I mean. I was so pissed. Oh, that's funny. That's funny. You mock the people that wanted the puppet. Yeah. They were not through.


That happens though. If you bring somebody on the road, you know, and you're a big act like a puppet, act like a very specific kind of act. Like they're like, they don't wanna hear like your observations about your relationship. Shut up. No, I used to open for John Pennett. And. I was in, I was in really good shape and people fucking hated me. I mean they used to have to pull seats out of his rooms. Like if it was a three 80 cap, they'd have to bring it down to three 50 to make room for Him to move through the aisle. Well, For to his fans. Oh God. Because they, They would bring him full cheesecakes from the Cheesecake Factory. Oh my God. Yeah. They were, they hated Me. Oh, they were killing him. He was funny, man. So funny. When, when I started in 1988, he was an established professional.


And I. Remember I saw him one night at Nick's comedy stop and he was fucking killing. Yeah. He had this bit about going to a Chinese buffet. Yes. you know that Bit. You've been here for an hour. Yeah. Kicking him out. It was such a good bit. And he would crush, he was one of those guys too, that he had the advantage of looking funny. 'cause he was just such a round, big smiley, jolly fat guy that, like you smiled when you saw him like, this guy's gonna be fun. He's the most generous guy I ever met. Really? I had, I had two kids living in Minnesota and he goes, I like you, so I'm gonna match what the club pays you and I'm gonna pay for a part of your plane ticket. Oh, that's nice. And I. I would, I don't think I'd wouldn't have been able to keep doing comedy without him.


Oh, that's very Sweet. And now if you look up that Chinese bit, they've cut, you know how the for clips you have to cut laughter. He just looks really racist. Oh. Because they've cut all the Laughter out. Oh no. So It's just him like doing the, doing the accent. Why Did they cut the Laughter out? I think to make it the right, right time or something. Oh God. I don't know. But, but It's brutal. Don't do that. It's fucking brutal. Don't, don't do that. Oh no. Because that bit used to kill. Oh my God. That didn't kill. Yeah. I saw him do that bit in Boston. I was like, oh my God. He is a monster. And when you see something like that, when you are, you know, 21, you'd be doing comedy for four months. You're like, what? Yeah. Destroy. But that, there were so many guys like that in Boston at that time that were just murderers.


They were so fast paced and their punchlines would be bang, bang, bang. They had so much energy on stage. Yeah. It was a crazy time. Like you're saying, you have to in Boston because people don't want that downtime. Yeah. But I think that's the case with all cold environments. All like, like I said, New York was a lot like that. Places where people are fucking dealing with some shit. They don't have time for your nonsense. Yep. you know, you can't be out there. Although you can do a lot of that now in New York. You can get a lit with a lot of nonsense in the right rooms. Yeah. I think So Like, they want nonsense. Yeah. They want, they want you to sit and pontificate for a minute before you actually say something else. Yeah. They want you to have put social justice ahead of your, your laughter.


I have to do that. Like, what if I, what if I just tell jokes? What if I just say things I think are funny? Is that okay too? Do I have to me what I'm Saying? Yeah. Instead. And how about don't laugh when you don't think it's funny. Yeah. Don't throw a fit. Just don't laugh. Yeah. And I'll know also, and, and then laugh when it is. Some guys have to find their audience and then once they find their audience, then the people go for them for that kind of comedy. Right. Like that was the case with Mitch Hedberg. That's the case right now with William Montgomery. Like William Montgomery I. don know if you know him. Oh, can I tell you? Yeah. I did kill Tony last night for the first time. I didn't know anything about this guy and he just fucking screamed in my face. I thought he was gonna punch me in the face. So I'm sitting there watching this guy and I'm just like, there's cameras on me.


What happens if he hits me? I'm just gonna have to sit here. So you, you thought he was a real maniac? Oh, I thought he was insane. Oh, He's so funny. When you see him do standup, you get it. Like when you see when, and then when people become a fan of his, 'cause he's got a huge following now because it killed Tony. And then when you go see him lie, like the black keys came and they did my podcast and they were gonna come to the club afterwards and they said, dude, can William Montgomery come? Is he gonna be on stage? I go, I'll make sure he is there. Oh wow. I'll call him up. So he wasn't even scheduled to be on the show. Call along William Black Keys, wanna see it. So he went up there with like full confidence in front of a crowd. Who knew who he was. Yeah. And he fucking murders. but I used to see him years ago and people just didn't know what to make of him. Yeah. He was just get starting out and he was so crazy.


He seemed so unhinged. But then off stage, like super nice guy. Like, Hey man. Yeah. Did you meet him off stage? Yeah. He came over. Nice to meet you. And I was like, are you fucking with me right now? Because I go, you're screaming at me in there. And now you're like the nicest person. He's a sweetheart. Super, super, super nice guy. Yeah. He seemed to be nice. But that's the kind of guy that has to find his audience. Yeah. You know? And you, you mentioned Hedberg. I mean. Yeah. You, you watched the old clips. He used to eat shit, Man. He ate shit a lot. There was a, a famous story about a club that booked him and the guy before him was like this really high energy guy. I think the guy actually did like a back flip on stage, like something nutty, like to close his set out and like super high energy. That was the middle act.


And it was like a lot hack bullshit. And then Hedberg went on after him, it was bombing. And so he got fucked over. Like they gave him the middle pay even though he is headlining. And they made the other guy headline and he's like, I got a contract. They're like, fuck you, you bombed. It was like a big, it was like a war with other comedians. Stan Hope chimed in. It was like a lot of shit going on. But that was a guy that once he found, once people knew who they would go to see him and he would Murder. Yeah. Murder all non sequiturs. Which always killed me. Yeah. It like, I was like, how does he even remember all of 'em? No shit. I started in Minneapolis, turns out heroin. Yeah. Yeah. That's fucking really good. Helping you remember everything. I guess.


I started in Minneapolis, went to Grand Forks, North Dakota to do audition for this house. mc Spot and Hedberg. It was right after he did Montreal and got his big deal. So I got to watch him the first time. He's coming off that deal. Confident in his prime. I mean nobody killed harder. He was so good. But he was also so unique and you wanted to see that kind of comedy from him. you know, you wanted to you, he put you into this mindset. Like someone asked me if I wanted a frozen banana. I said, no, but I want a regular banana later, so Yes. Yeah. Yeah. It was just such a weird cadence. Just such a silly, unique cadence.


Had to find his Audience. Yeah. And you knew when he was in town a couple weeks before you, because all the young guys in that town would be laughing like him talking like him a little bit. Oh yeah. He was cont David tells the worst with that. Yeah. People pe people start talking like a all like, it becomes so contagious. Yeah. 'cause it's, he's so good and he's so infectious. Like it's like whatever he is doing is like you're infected with his, his cadence, his yeah. His timing. Especially when you're young. Yeah. When you starting out, Hedberg got so famous. And I was so young and impressionable that we were out eating one time and he has a joke about, you know what my friend said, you know what, I like mashed potatoes.


Come on man. You gotta gimme time to guess. That's a joke. And I was the mashed potatoes guy. And I used it as a fucking intro because everybody knew who Hedberg was. So when I didn't have any credits, I was like, Hey, I'm part of his Act. Oh, that's hilarious. I mean just ridiculous. That's hilarious. That's you. That's funny. Yeah. He's another one we lost. Yep. That's been a long time too. Doesn't even seem like it. That's the one thing about losing comics is you can, you can see 'em still online, you can watch 'em and all this shit. So they're kind of there forever. I see Norm clips every day. Yeah. Every day. Some new funny norm clip. Yeah. I just saw a norm clip when he was on SNL about Madonna having a baby.


And he goes, Madonna just had a baby seven pounds, six ounces, which makes it the fourth largest object to pass through her vagina. He was just fucking fearless man. Yeah. He was a wild fella. He was a wild fella. Such a fun guy. you know? And the way he died is pretty gangster. Had cancer, didn't tell anybody. Yep. Just went up to Canada to die. Yep. So, yeah. Yeah. Going into the woods. Didn't tell anybody. It was just crazy. Even his best friends, like I, I'm friends with his literal best friend didn't know. Didn't know until it was over. Yeah. They were making plans. No, really making plans to do stuff. Yeah.


Well I suppose he didn't know how long. Probably, I Guess, yeah, IGI believe he had pancreatic cancer, which is a really, really rough one. Is that the one he had? I have no idea. It kills a lot Of people. I think they just found something with a protein that causes it. So they're, they're talking like it's the big killer. And so they're talking maybe they, they figured one of 'em out. Yeah, I saw that. I hope that's true. Leukemia. Leukemia. Oh it was Hicks. Hicks had pancreatic cancer. Yeah. That's a rough one. Yeah. And he's another one. Imagine if that guy was still alive. I mean he died. He was like 35. Something like that. He was young. Yeah. And then he had, he had such a body of work.


I don't even think he was 35. And you go see, I think, and now I'm thinking about it. I think Hicks was like 32 or 33 when he died. That's unbelievable. I think about when I was doing 30. When I was 32. 32. Oh God. Nuts. Nuts. And it changed everybody's comedy. Everybody's like, Jesus, they, I wanted to be like Hicks so much so that the back green room of the punchline, Atlanta, Georgia, somebody wrote in the green room, quit trying to be hicks. It's like, yeah. Every time I'd go like, yes. So many people wanted to to be like a fearless guy. Even Richard. Jen said that to me. He saw him and he said, every time I see him, like gosh be doing more stuff like that. Like it was so profound for the time. Like to have a guy talking like that.


Yeah. The way he's explaining things as well as making them funny. It was so different. But if you're Richard Jen and you wanna be in movies, being Bill Hicks isn't the way to get there. Nah. I mean, you know, it's just in the, that thing that hits you when you watch someone, you're like, fuck yeah. you know that feeling like, God I want to be doing that kind of stuff. Yeah. you know? But he wasn't that guy. Like he was just a silly joke after joke after joke guy, which was amazing. Yeah. But for whatever reason we put so much weight on profundity. Well yeah. People that are making a point socially relevant, you know, you think, I don't want to tell these fucking stories anymore. Right. Especially if you can do it, you can make a point. And it's very funny. Yeah. Like it's an undeniable burs Great at that makes an undeniable point.


That's very funny. Yep. Yeah, that's the fun part. Trying to figure it out. Yeah. The fun part. Well listen man, it's been great to get to know you. Talk to you. Well thanks for having me in. My pleasure. I appreciate it. A lot of fun. Tell everybody where they can get ahold of you, your social media website, everything you got coming up. Social media is va Chad Daniels on most spots. And then Chad Daniels dot com for tour dates and then special on Netflix called Empty Nester. Beautiful. Check it out. It's out now. It's out today While we're recording. Oh, beautiful. Beautiful. You wanna come down to clubs tonight? Do a set. I would love to. Alright, let's go. Okay, cool. Let's go. Alright. Okay. Alright. Bye everybody.