
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, All day. Okay. Especially at the first season. It was like 1972 or three, I think. Colombo, I almost forgot about that show. They, they used to tell him not to smoke. Well, no. Like the character, I could tell they're probably just building up, like, like you noticed that he has a cigar in his hands. Right. The whole series or every episode. But, but I, it's funny, the 1972 people were like, please don't smoke in here. Or, or Mr. Colombo, you know, Lieutenant Colombo, he's always being like, reprimanded for it. Interesting. I forgot About that. And he's always really, you know, Peter Fox's character.


He's always like, oh, sorry. And he puts it out always. He's never like, upset or anything. Yeah, he was, that was an interesting character, right? Because he was like this bumbling guy who was actually not, he was kind of setting you up the whole time, letting you underestimate him. Acting Li p Pardon me. Yeah. It's, but another Thing, he's always about to leave. Yeah. And he's, oh yeah. He comes back and like, And he's annoying people and they're like, oh. And then all a sudden, Incredible though, aesthetic. And like the other day I am watching this episode that Jonathan Demmy directed Steven Spielberg, I mean, like, all of these famous directors start to cut their teeth in TV and on episodic things like that. But Oh, really? There's a real tone to it and stuff.


That's cool. And the way everyone looked. But one other funny thing about it that I've noticed in Colombo is there always starts with a murder. And then usually a, a lot of times in the arc of the story, someone shows up to the crime scene, it usually whoever did it or whatever, right? And so, but they're never upset, you know, there's never someone that runs it. What happened here? Your uncle's been murdered. Oh, I didn't do it. you know, like, it's kinda like how it starts instead of some dramatic, you know, like, oh my God, you know, how could this, you know, no one's even fake. They're just like, okay, well you're bothering me now.


you know? And cop shows. You can always tell police. Even SVU, they're always like, I've had enough. Can you guys leave? And they leave. I'm like, is that how it goes? I don don't Know. No, it's weird how many of those shows there are where they catch the bad guy. Like that is, it's like something that I guess people with anxiety need to let them feel. Like if someone is a bad person and They do commit a murder, they're gonna get caught. Like, are the, are the interest in those kind of dark scenarios, you're only interested in them when there's justice at the end? Is that what you're saying? Oh yeah. Yeah, for sure. Like, because anything nebulous or whatever is like too real maybe.


Yeah. There's those shows and then there's medical shows. Remember when there was, there was a time where they're like, every other fucking show on TV was about a hospital. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And the only one that I really remember is Quincy. So Jack Klugman yelling at everyone, all the, you know, oh yeah. He's yelling about the, the sandwich. He's yelling about the blood sample. He is, yeah. And when we were kids, we were hardcore, we were in, you know, that initial phase of American kind of hardcore punk stuff. 'cause we had just missed out the like 77, 78, 79 mm. And then there was an episode about the LA scene. And they, and Quincy goes to the punk club.


Don't you see what your kids are doing to yourselves with the Loud music at the anger, the, The pills or whatever, you know, he like, and there was a thing when, when we were kids and there was the song, I forget which band did it, but if you were, you were fake if you were a Quincy punk, you know, 'cause they took like the way people looked on Quincy or whatever. And that instantly became A fake punker. Yeah, yeah. You're bullshit. Now When you started out, like what, what was the inspirations for your band? Like what were you guys into I mean? It's, it's hard to untangle because my dad was a singer.


So our dad was a singer. And I. He was very, well, my dad's kind of a strange guy in general. A lovely guy, but dynamic to say the least. But he had had like a, a hit in the late fifties called Booma Dip Dip, like a top 40 kind of record. And, and a couple of subsequent sort of, you know, rock and roll singles. And he was living in New York and stuff. And then when he, that kind of pales out and then he moves back to Atlanta and he immerses himself in like the folk music scene. And he was signed to a label called A BC Paramount. So by the time I come along in 66, it's kind of, he's not doing it anymore.


What Was he doing? He was Schmatta guy. He was in a middleman. He was like Willie Lowman, you know, he was in the garment business. My, his, my grandfather Ike Robinson. They were in children's wear. My dad was in women's wear and then ended later back in children's wear. But the one thing around the house that I remember earliest memories are him peeling out this, his guitar and singing folk songs and just don don't know. I, I'm a dyslexic person. And so my, you know what I mean?


So there was don don't know if that has anything to do with it, but there was something about always singing these songs. It would like open up stuff for me. Almost like being hi or in a, in a, not in a psychedelic way, but in a way that it changed the space, you know, what I mean And Records started doing that to me very early. And that kind of is where, so it's kind of, nor we think it's normal. Other kids' dads aren't playing old folk songs at the house that I know, you know. But by the time Rich And I, you know, we're kind of like angst ridden suburban youth. you know, for some reason my parents decided to move to the suburbs financial reasons, general apathy, you know, ready to, you know, begin the mound of resentment and regret.


don don't know all the things. The suburbs represent me. you know what I mean. I would say for me, there was a television show in the, do you remember Night Flight on USA network back in the early days? I remember The name. I don't even remember what it was about. Yeah, it would be like, it would come on at midnight and it would be concerts and like films. Like cool. Like probably the first time I saw a Racer Head or Rude Boy, the movie about The Clash and you know, decline in Western civilization, punk things and new wave things. And I always had an interest in the, in Stranger Things, you know, and things that weren't normal or you know, you know, Mr.


Roper on three's company or whatever, like, you know what I mean? And this show, they had a show that came on at two in the morning and it was from Los Angeles called New Wave Theater. And that was like huge, huge being a kid in the suburbs in Georgia where, you know, it's still pretty much like that band. All the people listen, that band Alabama, you know, the, they wear like trucker hats and flannels and like want to beat you up 'cause you have a Ramones record or something, you know? And that's how it was, you know? Wow. So this show was like a real beacon of, you know, my mom was like, oh yeah, there it is. Peter Ivers a very interesting character.


Peter Ivers Wealth of material they've serviced in many incarnations tonight. They're here as 45 Graves piece of Wax 45. Oh geez. Yeah. So this is what I'm really into Don Bowles is the drummer in 45 Grave who was in the Germs. Not a happy childhood amongst them. No, but, well, don don't know. But they definitely made amazing, beautiful, cool, outsider art. And you know, I think something that we have a, a hard time understanding in this day and age is art that's made because of the visceral interaction with you and other people.


That has nothing to do with, I'm gonna be a big star. you know? Right, right, right. And some of the things I think I I mean, fuck, I'm like the one of the last I mean the Black Crows. We have to be one of the last bands of the time where we kind of felt it was our duty to never truly give in to the other side, you know, what I mean and kind of understand this us versus them idea, you know, what I mean or vibe. It's something that's inspiring and something that is like, you know, I was always interested in counterculture, you know, and anyone again that's like why the algorithm maybe isn't as perfect or, or it never will overtake everything.


'cause there's always gonna be the one person who's like, I'm going this way, that's not enough for me. you know, the deep dive people and the, and so we kind of found ourselves in the crosshairs of this kind of stuff. The cramps. We were in the cramps, the gun club. So, and then REM comes around their first record Chronic Town. And so my dad had, and my mom and dad had a lot of records, maybe 250 records, 300 records, you know, which was a lot of records back then. Bluegrass Records, you know, Lester Flat, Earl Scruggs records, or Mo Allison records, Jimmy Reed records, Johnny Guitar Watson. And then they had, you know, Buffalo Springfield records and the Bob Dylan records.


I mean, that's a big I mean for millions of people. But something as a kid that I knew no other kids would go, you guys wanna come over and listen to records, I'm gonna put on, you know, the times they are changing I mean, like, again, it would be a reason to get beat beat up, you know? Yeah. But that kind of stuff catapults us into, then punk rock comes along and it's like, oh, it's, anyone can do this. You don't have to be, we'll figure it out later. What talent or whatever, you know what I mean? Like you, we just want to plug in and start going and singing horrible things and trying to be offensive. you know what I mean? Because think about you've, now you go to the, you know, now people walk around in Dead Kennedy's t-shirts and it's like, oh, cool.


But back then, dead Kennedy's made people like the name of that band, the Circle tricks, like the names of these bands made people upset. Right. And legitimate Rebellion. Yeah. Yeah. Is in instead of, you know, posturing. Exactly. Which is a lot of what's going on today with Dead Kennedy's t-shirts. But I mean, I think inevitably anything like that, I mean, Edgar Allen Poe was that in a literary way and the, you know, the, the tail end of the Victorian age, but now he's just like a thing hanging in some goth kid's car, like a air freshener or something. you know what I mean? Yeah. So things get swallowed up culturally. Right. And, and regurgitated as just a, you know, and it just so happens to Dead Kennedys have one of the greatest logos of all time.


But Yeah. Well it's, there's always gonna be adherence to the, you know, what most people are interested in and what's popular, and then people that are trying to mimic what's popular so that they can become popular. And then there's always legitimate counterculture where people are just like, I don't vibe with any of this. Yeah. I I I'm looking for something else. Yeah. I'm looking for to something that's real, something that's raw, and as I think that's gonna accelerate with AI music and, you know, all this electronic music. And again, as you were saying before, stuff that's sort of created to feed the algorithm. Yeah. you know, there's, there's strategies to become successful rather than just expression that resonates with people.


Let the people Yeah. Yeah. In, in a way, I mean someone took a cha, you know, a band like a Vega and you know, like suicide, like someone, you know, the no wave music in New York, in the late seventies, someone took a chance and said, yeah, CI always think about how weird was that, you know, like bringing that into a studio where who was just in here, fucking 38 special or some shit. Right. you know what I mean and then there's like this or whatever, you know what I mean? Yeah. I mean, it's the cool thing about early, you know, like the first Sex Pistols record, the, the Clash record's a little different, but even The Dead Boys or bands like that, like a lot of those early punk records and a lot of the post punk records, those bands, they're not making records trying to sound, you know, oh, I can make a record sound like a, I don't give a fuck or something on my garage band.


you know, you can do anything now with like a button. And, and, and people And I like lo-fi shit too, of course. But back then, they're these bands, they're not making lo-fi records. They're in just like, that's a real band in a but with great gear and people who are making like records that we would think are sonically like, oh, that's correct. Right. And then you have like these punk people in there, just like, you can't turn it up all the way. Well, we're doing that, you know what I mean? Wasn't this sort of rebellion out, you guys had like a falling out with ZZ Top right when you were on tour? Wasn't part of it. Something about corporate involvement? Yeah, We were always, and it's funny, I just saw Billy Kevins a couple weeks ago in London, and we've been friends for many years, and massive ZZ Top fan I mean what?


Those records, especially the early records I mean, they just sound delicious. Yeah. you know what I mean? I just, and when, what is it? Is it, which one is it? Is it Rio Grande? Mo don Don't Know One of those records where you open it and there's like a giant plate of Mexican food, like growing up in Atlanta, like that was, I didn't know what that, you know what I mean? Like you could get that, you know, we had barbecue and we had soul food, you know, we have our own regional culinary identity. But to see stuff like that, I was like, wow, I gotta try that. you know what I mean? But no, we, they, I don't even know if ZZ Top where they were in their career, if they knew anything that was going on about like, these guys that were the opening band, except for the fact that, you know, in the music business at that time, when you're still selling records and you're selling 250,000 records every week or whatever for a couple years, So like, it starts to be kooky when it was a thing.


But they were sponsored by Miller Light. And I just got into this thing where, you know, so we'd go on stage and do our thing and there's Big Miller light posters all over the state or whatever, you know, And I got in my little troublemaker mind, we're the Black Crows. you know what I mean? We don't, we, no one gives us money. We don't drink this beer and no one gives us fucking money. you know, I'm standing under this sign 'cause I have to be here tonight. but I want you to know that no fucking beer company sponsors our music. No one owns us, no one. you know what I mean? I have this, these naive sort of thing about like, I don't know.


And we, my brother And I talk about it a lot. And as we've gotten older, and especially since we put the band back together these last few years and have been in a really positive place and a really good place, I realize like, you know, part of our part of that that we were involved in, we believed in like as if rock the Es what we feel is really the true essence of rock and roll is like, I I I describe it as like the movie Quest for fire. You know, when they have to keep the fire burning in that little thing and they're going across the swamp and they don't want the Neanderthals to get it or whatever. That's kind of how we felt in a weird way about everything that was out of, you know, one minute you're in control, your kids we're writing songs.


We're in control of that. I'm in control of like, this is what we're doing, this is how we look, this is what we are. And then you're in the grownup world and you've sold, you've made people tens of millions of dollars. And I'm hardly a, a savvy business person. I never could be, I never would be. I wasn't in the cards for me. And so part of our, like being hard about it or being difficult not being compliant, was trying to, in our minds keep this pure thing, you know, what I mean and in a way that's still is part of what we are today.


How old were you guys back then? Oh, in the summer of 89. Rich was 18. I was 23 when we made our first record. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Just a young rebel. Well, you know, the other thing is, is rock. you know, you remember Rock and Roll was culturally and socially its place and, and its importance and its reverence was a lot different than today. Yeah. you know, I think it's, one thing I think is cool about hip hop music is that hip hop stars have taken over the, that kind of attitude. Yes.


Which I lo when I see their fashion And I, see, you know, I mean there's lots of hip hop's, not one thing. Of course. Right. And I'm 57, I like what I like, you know, I like old records anyway, but when I hear new things that I like, and I'm like, okay, so they're singing about drugs, they're singing about sex, and you know, they're singing about, you know, may maybe I can't really identify with the violence of poverty and stuff, you know, what I mean, the extreme nature of some of it. But but it's, that's another form of rebellion as well. Yeah. And it's, it's, that's, it's an hip hop itself is an interesting art form because there's not a push to purify it.


you know, like the, the hardcore hip hop artists are very successful. Yeah. The lyrics are rough. Yeah. you know, they're, they're very hard-edged lyrics, but yet these are the lyrics that, you know, get millions and millions of views. You can't even say millions of sold albums anymore because it's like, that's, that had to be the weirdest thing to watch The sale of albums evaporate. Not just the sale. You're absolutely correct. Not just the sale, but the, the meaning of a record. Like, of, you know, and again, in the big scheme of things, the record business isn't as old as say, you know, writing or whatever. But in the way that we would listen to music and you would, you know, there's a company that would find talent and put that whole thing.


But yeah. Making a record and saying, okay, we're songwriters. This is what we're, this is our, this is our latest work. This is what we've been working on. This is our craft, and this is our talent and our poetry and our, this is what we want to say. Now. It's like, you know, you know an album, you know what I mean. Like, I personally think that it's still an important medium. And I I've yet to give up on it. you know what I mean? If they said write, you know, oh, you know what I mean? What am I, that's what I've always, that's what Rich And I have always done. We, we write songs. It was one of the only things, again, the way we could, could experience the world was through that.


'cause he is, you know, as crazy as me, just doesn't talk as much. Mm. you know, not crazy, but I mean different, you know, artists, you know, I think it resonates with a lot of people, which is why there's this resurgence of vinyl, right? Like, people still wanna listen to actual vinyl. They still wanna see an actual album, you know, and agreed. And there's, there's a lot of like, looking at that. There's a lot of reminiscing from people that are like my age and your age that were around when these things were, the way you consumed music, You would use ritual. I've been buying records since I was 12 years old. you know what I mean? Yeah. Like, and it was weird. Maybe that's because my mom and dad had a lot of records, but, you know, my wife And I, we just moved just around the block in LA and we've been together seven years, but we kept our records separate.


don don't know, we have thousands and thousands. I just put 4,000 records in storage because we don't have space for that. Wow. And, but I'm like, but it's funny because no matter what I see a record store I'm going in and I'm, I can, I could, and you know, after however many years of buying records, I know what I'm looking for. And I don't buy records online very much. I still like to How come don don't know. I like to, I'm like a kid when I, if I've been looking for something And, I see it. My, I'm like, I get a shot of, of like endorphins. I'm like, oh, you know what I mean? I'm looking around like, don don't want anybody.


you know? Yeah. I, it's weird. It's geeky stuff. It's nerd stuff. Yeah. But, but the record store was really important to me as a young person and a musician. Because before you could go on your phone or before the algorithm, whatever, like there's a another person that looks cool, like, oh, you know what I mean? Like, they have Chelsea boots on, or like a cool band T-shirt and the suburbs back in the eighties, it wasn't like, you know what I mean? If you saw someone, you took the chance. It'd be like when you'd go to their house and look through their records, you know what I mean. And it's funny that it's still that way.


you know what I mean? I have so many friends in my life and we are friends because of records. you know what I mean? And it's like my wife And I DJ all the time in LA and we'd go to New York and we'd carry our records around. And you Dj like, Yeah. Yeah. Like we have the, my wife's name is Camille, so we have the best DJ name ever, the captain in Camille. We do all Yeah. Concerts and bars and parties and gigs and stuff. Yeah. Really? Yeah. When did you start doing that DJing? I started like, well, back in the eighties, everyone used to take a turn playing records at the pizza place. They had two turntables called Fellini's in Atlanta, where all the, as my dad referred to them, dirt bags and low lives hung out everyone in a band, of course.


But then in, I guess in the early two thousands, a friend of mine that worked at the great record store, other music in New York, my friend Michael, we started doing these nights and playing like a lot of weird psych folk as a, as a kind of as genre. And we both love those records. And we called that, we called Gurus galore. And yeah. And just when I wasn't doing The Black Crows, I had this band called the CRB. We were like a little psychedelic folk rock little group that toured around and made a bunch of records. But our, so we played two sets a night.


So it was kind of like Grateful Dead model. Like very heady, trippy. So, but the CRB and especially in California, we always had friends DJ the shows doors open till after the show, and in between sets playing records. Don don't know. It's just something we've always done. And my wife used to DJ before I met her and stuff. So, So you just, just something you enjoy. We, I, by the way, if I could make, if I could make money doing it, I would never do it. if I, if me and Camille could just play records, I would be the happiest person in the world. You Would stop performing. No, I'm kidding. No, I love singing. I love performing, I love being in a band.


you know what I mean? I, I love, it's changed a lot like anything else and travel and everything. but I, I personally, it's yet to beat the adventure outta me. you know what I mean? You never know. Same thing about why I could go online and buy whatever book or record I want right now. Anything, almost anything you can imagine, you know, is available is available. but I, you know, I I, I know when I'm in Denver, I'm going to this certain bookstore, And I know that what? That they have really curated things in there that I'm looking for I can wander into. you know, you never know who you're gonna meet.


You never know what you're going to eat, who, you know what I mean, the laughs and the, you know, it's still a lot of stuff out there for someone like me. A lot of stimuli, Real experiences Yeah. That are Good and human. Yeah. Human experiences. Yeah. I mean that is what live music and live performance is all about. Right? I mean music is great. Live music is something really special. I tell you the, you know, the pandemic was weird for the world. And it was, you know, for artists and musicians, we had, you know, no one's, no government bailout for the guy who, you know, was playing guitar or whatever.


But as hard as it was, one, one of the worst parts of it to me was not, not just being able to do what we do, but not going to see bands. you know what I mean? I, I have a li I have a label called Silver Arrow, and we've been doing this for a few years. The Black Crows records come out on Silver Arrow. It's a little different. But I'm always going to see bands, you know what I mean? We go, whether it's the Rolling Stones or whether we go see a band at a little club in LA and I'm always looking for new, you know, things to people that are interesting. If I could help them out in their careers. A lot of it is with really young artists.


I want to put them in the studio. I want to give them good experience. I want to give them a great record deal because the, it's changed the model. But we, but to do that, you have to go out and get in it. you know what I mean? And it's, we always laugh. I'm like, is there anyone older here tonight than me? you know, like you're looking, oh, there's what, you know what I mean? There's a freaky dude who still goes to see band. Yeah. Well, people don't wanna let it go. And why should they, why should you Let it I mean in LA right now is a great time. I mean there's a lot of good music going on in LA really. And there's a lot of bars where, you know, we know if someone has a, it plays great records, we'll go listen to them play records. you know what I mean? There's a lot of good record people bands.


There's a lot of cool LA's very alive right now. No kidding. Like what parts of LA are This happening? I mean it happens all over, but especially more downtown and like to the east, Downtown I mean. Yeah. If you have to survive getting into the place downtown is so fucked up. I know, But that's probably something that adds to the feeling of It. you know what it does. And it's funny 'cause I had a nostalgic moment about when we started talking about, look, man, I'm, don't get me wrong, my parents did the best they could. They're just fucking people too. But part of the other part of Adventure and the other part of being interesting in like Nu Wave theater, my mom's like, they all look like mental patients just like you, you know, like great, you know?


But was to go to downtown Atlanta eighties was dangerous too, you know, during the crack epidemic. Mm. It was a violent place. And, and we were, you know, obviously we were white kids from the suburbs traversing like this urban place to get into these little underground clubs to see these bands that added to it, you know, what I mean to the experience. Yeah. And just the aesthetic, you know what I mean? I was obsessed. I And I still am an obsessive influenced by the beat writers and beat culture. And so for me, like, you know, Jack Kerouac isn't writing about the suburbs.


He's writing about the, you know, Mexico City or whatever, you know what I mean. Like all the Gregory Corso or Alan Ginsburg, all these poets and people are writing about all these experiences that don't seem to be happening in like a neighborhood where they call the houses a five, four and a door. you know? Right. you know what I mean? Right. So a certain angst is cultivated. Yeah. you know, that only that the only thing that could satisfy that would be something that I felt was gritty and real. Well, there's a, there's something about, if you can I mean, I haven't been to downtown LA to see music in quite a while, but the last time I went there I saw Gary Clark Jr. And Honey Honey, at this very small place with, you know, maybe there was like 200 people in there.


I took my daughter and it was like a late show on a Monday night, like 1130. And here we're seeing Gary, Gary Clark Jr. And Honey Honey play a cover of Midnight Rider. And it just, it just felt so special. Yeah. Because there's no one there And you Survived and you survived and you get out. You're like, let's get outta here. Where's the car? Get the fuck outta here. But you know what's weird about that? And I. I get it. And we, but haven't I, I, I spend a lot of my time reading, I read a lot of varied materials and one thing that comes up is humans are dangerous. Yeah. And places where there's a shit ton of them are usually pretty gross and dangerous. Yeah. you know?


Well, it's just a numbers thing, right. It's, It's totally numbers thing. It's other things Yeah. Ills as well. Sure. That are hard for us to deal with. And look, if, if we're lucky enough to be walking upright and men some how mentally stable or whatever. Right. But, but you're but I think cities have always been dangerous places. They Certainly have. Ancient Rome was a dangerous place. Oh yeah. you know what I mean? I mean, I, it was so wild. We were just in Sicily and we went to Palermo for the day and it was W Pal. Have you ever been to Palermo? Yeah. Wild. Yeah. It's, that city is like a, like an electric wire that's got sparks shooting out of it and you can't get ahold of it.


you Know, that's where my grandfather's from. Yeah. When I From Palermo. Yeah. When we went to Italy, one of the, the most interesting things, By the way, is this water? Yes. Can I have a yes and this coffee in this if you want. Cheers. One of the most interesting things is just Italy in general is like, every time I go there, I'm like, maybe I should live like this. Like they, they fucking know how to relax. Totally. People know how to relax, like with the way they sit down and eat. No one sits down and eat for 40 minutes. You sit down and eat for two hours. French people have it dialed in pretty good. They do They do as well. Yeah. And they have Pastis, which is the, you know, What is Pastis? Pastis is a, it's, it's a aper from the south of France.


You ever see it says Ricard Marse Marse is famous for Pastis. It's a, it, all Mediterranean cultures have Anset based drink. Italians have Buca. Mm. The Greeks have Uzo a rot in Le le in Lebanese people. And there's all sorts of them in the south of France. They drink one that's a little more sophisticated and a lot more herbs and things in it. And they say, you always know in France, someone from Marsai, 'cause they always have a pastis in their hands. Mm. It's like four. It's a high alcohol level, a lot of sugar, but it's delicious. You put it in ice and dilute it with water and it makes it all this kind of milky color, you know, it's genius.


Well, it's just, you only have a certain amount of time on this planet and they've chosen to live their time in a more relaxed manner, more community based and just people like to sit around and talk, Talk. do you think that any of that has to do with embracing a certain, a middle classness or, or even lower middle? you know what I mean? Right. Like the working, you know what I mean, even in a blue collar way, I think, you know what I'm saying? Whereas here it seems that's been stripped away from something to be proud of unless it's kind of in a way distortedly proud, you know? Yes. And the distortion of what that could be. Right.


I know what you're saying. Yeah. Well, in here it's supposed to be your, your main goal is to get to be the type of person that could look down upon that. Yeah. Yeah. Totally. Yeah. You, your, your goal is not to exist in that and just accept it. That this is life. That life is, you have money for food, you have money for your house. Like you, you know, wealth. Well, if you look, you're okay, Look, media like sitcoms from the seventies, whether it's Archie Bunker or whatever, like Yep. They're just people with jobs and even taxi or Barney Miller or whatever, you know what I mean. And now it's like, then it turns into full house where somehow all these people and these kids live in this amazing house and everyone has clean clothes.


you know what I mean? It's like there's no struggle. Yeah, Totally. Yeah. And no, no rec it's not just recognition. I think it's, and it's not celebratory. It's just like, look man, this, we're, this doesn't make the man. Right. Right. This what, what my material things don't make me who I am. Right. Right. Right. It's who I am, how I feel, what I, you know, what I've learned. That's A big problem with what we we're sold in Western culture. That the, the goal is to acquire things and to achieve a certain financial status. And then, then you'll have made it. I Get it. Pastis doesn't grow on trees. you know what I mean? Right. I gotta pay for that shit. Right. But it's not that expensive. No. you know what I mean? It's not, it's, it's just, there's, you know, Distortion fucked up about that though.


Like when we were kids. And, I get it. Like I said, I, I made the choice in my life. Mom and dad. We weren't, you know, we, they were middle class people, but I made the choice when I said, I'm not going to university, I'm gonna be in a band. My dad, that was like the last dollar I ever saw. Not even like, Hey, you know what I mean? And but I made that choice. That choice wasn't made for me. Right. You know what I mean? And within two years I'm on the cover of Rolling Stone Magazine and we're fucking around and you know what I mean, like selling millions of records. I get, I get that, you know what I mean? I'm not, it's not lost on me, but it gets back to where we started talking about there will always be a, a part of me that is making music because it's really maybe the only place where I'm truly free.


you know what I mean? I have the freedom. you know, it's funny, I I tell this story. We were on Saturday Night Live two times. The second time was in, on our second album, Southern Harmony. And we went on the show, it was the number one rec album in, in America. It was the debuted number one. Our new single was a song called Sometimes Salvation. We were gonna play that and we were gonna play one of our big hit records. And at the time it was a, you know, called Remedy. And we had just written this song called Nonfiction And. I was like, let's play nonfiction. And my, and it's funny 'cause it's different as my brother And I are Rich was like, yeah, fuck it. you know what I mean? Like, it's a cool song. The guy, whoever was the music guy, he was like, you can't do that.


And I was like, well, I mean we could do what we want. I think he was mad 'cause we were smoking weed in the dressing room. I'm like, didn't John Beluchi od in the bathroom? I'm like, what? Do you fucking care? Call the cops. Yeah. I told him, call the cops. We get arrested in Saturday Night Live for smoking weed. It'll be bigger than our, than this. But the guy, now that I'm older, I realize I'm just totally being just horrible like kid. But he goes, you're making a big mistake not playing this single And I said, okay, well here's the deal. You're on this show next week with some other fucking band. And then the next week after that, and then the next week after that, when this is my band, so let me make the mistake.


I'm not gonna let you tell us what to do. And if it's a mistake, then we'll fucking eat it, won't we? And I'm still here. And where's he? Well, it's funny, someone told me he has a, I forget his name. I read it to him once before. He did not like our attitude. He has, he was on a, a podcast about Saturday Night Live or something and said we were the worst people he ever dealt with in his entire career there. And I was like, well, thank you. That's funny. The worst. How? 'cause you just didn't listen to Him because we Yeah. Yeah. We didn't do what he wanted. That's not what you're supposed to do with artists. Especially When you're young and you're still like, the fire is like so intense. you know what I Mean? That's always the problem with executive mindsets versus artistic mindsets.


Right. And you some producer character who just wants everything to go according to this very specific plan they have laid out and you're trying to take an artist and First of all just trying to take an artist and making them sing one song is kind of crazy. Yeah. Right. It's Yeah. I mean there's I mean, I think we see that now. Yeah. you know, we see people are like, I'll do it, I'll do it. you know, I mean Yeah. There's someone who's ready to jump up and do anything And I think that's been a part of showbiz. But that's kind of what we were saying before. I think the talent show thing, the, you know, the vote for me. Right. you know, when no one was voting for us. Right, right. Right. We were votable. Right. And that was part of the reason that we were drawn to these characters and these people and these other outsiders and these other, whatever kind of spectrum we're on or whatever, that's different.


That what we were like, I, you know, music to us represented everything anti vote for me. But did it feel weird to transcend that and become mainstream massive. Yes. Completely. It's so weird Sometimes you guys, like, what is the juxtaposition? I mean? It has to be so strange. You're, you're these rebels and then all of a sudden you're the number one fucking band in the world. And then Yeah. And it's, it was tough. It was maybe tougher for me because I was more boots on the ground in the scene and with people. And now it's like, especially in the eighties in Atlanta, it was like, you know, fuck major anyone who signs with a major label, man, fuck that.


you know what I mean? Yeah. And I'm like, yeah. you know, like power to the people or whatever, you know, and then it's like you're on MTV 30 times a day and, and you know, in between fucking Toyota commercials and Snapple or whatever. Right. you know what I mean? Like, so, and it's weird because our politics are so in line with so many of the, like the alternative politics of music the way, you know, that would lay the grunge or whatever. And you know, so, you know, I'm the same age as all of the grunge bands, but Don don't exist in the nineties in the same way. We weren't, you know what I mean? Right, right. Because we were doing something. But it is funny, like, would, you know, people say, well, Kurt, no fucking label is signing a Kurt Cobain today.


But as a matter of fact, Kurt and our generation of people were, we were talking about compliance and defiance. You're making a mistake. Fuck it. It's my mistake to make, it's my band, it's my art. And people may, we may, and my kind of generation, it's not about being old, but now I think there's so much compliance. Oh, okay. you know, I don't wanna cause any trouble at the record label, you know? Yeah. This is, we're all distorted right now with social media and all the different avenues for people to get attention and to get famous. It's so, so easy. I, I shouldn't say it's easy because it's rare but common. So it's like, it, it's more, it's, it's more highlighted which way you can go to achieve success.


But do, do you remember that famous time where Kurt Cobain and Nirvana were playing and they were forcing them to lip sync? Yeah. Yeah. And so what did Kurt do? do he start reading out of a book or something like that? Like he did, did a bunch of wild things. like a wild Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Of course I mean, See if you could find that Jamie. 'cause it's kind of hilarious. Yeah, I Know. I know what, Nobody did that at the time. And they were telling them, no, no, no, you can't play live here. Here it is perfect. Set to perform the recent single smells like Teen Spirit, the British music Chart television program, top of the pops, time to show it a policy requiring artists to sing live vocals over prerecorded backtracks. As you would expect, Kirk Cobain, his band mates would not let this go without having some fun.


So they started fucking around in the middle of the song. The result was, and still one of the greatest middle fingers to live performances ever. The band literally made its own shred video. Yeah. Amazing. Yeah, because you gotta sing the live vocal over the track. Yeah. So you start fucking around and coming up with New Left. It's great. Yeah. I mean, we, we loved The Replacements. you know, that was like a, and like their being on Saturday Live was a disaster, but we thought, that's our band. you know what I mean? I remember every fucking person that we knew in Atlanta that Saturday night that the Replacements came on and, and made in TV on Saturday Live. We all were at parties and watching it and getting completely shitfaced, watching they like shaved their eyebrows off and shit.


And we're rolling around and changed clothes and like, and people were like, oh dear. you know, we were like, yeah, cheering it on. Like that's how you, that's it. Isn't that part of one of the goals is to be that big of a pain in the ass to the, and who are you being a pain in the ass to, but some authority. Right. Something that says you can't do that, or this is the way it goes and that changes, you know, but I think as in a, as a youth, that's definitely something I'm not feeling with a lot of bands. I mean, I think it's there in like the punk scene and MIT and stuff like that. But, but they're not, they're not getting access to them. you know, green Green Day is still that way. I feel The carrot is still dangled right in front of everybody's faces so close now.


you know, especially with people that make it independently through YouTube and TikTok and all these different venues. There's just so many different ways that someone could become massively successful Now, And I. See, this is where I become the time traveler. I am from the last century. Yeah. I I get it. I, I find I don't, you know, I think a guy smashing his nuts on a rail, on a skateboard is as funny as anyone, but I've seen it, you know what I mean? Like Yeah. It's not like, you know what I mean? It's not like Steve Coogan or something. you know what I mean? Like craft and like subtext and like all this other weird cerebral stuff with comedy or whatever.


I just don't, I will never, I got, it's just me as well. The things that I, the cinema that I enjoy, the, the books I read, the records that I listen to, there is all of them. If there's one thing in common, there's a level of craft. There's a difference between having a, it's the difference between having a fine meal at a very nice restaurant versus eating garbage. Yeah. Eating tasty garbage. And TikTok is tasty garbage. Yeah, You're right. That's absolutely, I've never thought about it Like that. It's that for you and you can't put it down and you keep going to it and you overconsume it. And at least when you do, when it's just visual, you don't get a big stain on your shirt and You get a stain on, I think you get a stain on your brain.


Yeah, I really do. I do. I think so much of what's going on today, like e even if I just waste 10 minutes scrolling through TikTok when it's over, I just feel like confused. Like, what am I doing? Like why am I fucking Paying attention to that shit? I, I, I don't, I'm not, I don't have any, I never had my, I never did any of That. You don't have Facebook, Twitter, nothing. No. I mean the band has one, I guess, but, you know, that's perfect. That's perfect. but I don, I don't personally Good. I never tweeted or any of those. Good for You. And it's funny, my phone, like I'm still this way. You wanna my best friends, like the three or four people in the world that like, I'm super, super, the closest people we talk on the phone.


Yeah. Oh yeah. Like I love talking on The phone for hours. Yeah. you know what I mean about whatever. So it's, I I I get it, but don don't. Yeah. I'm one of those older pe I don, I just, well, You developed in a different time and this this time is fucking bizarre. It's, it's, I can't imagine spending your life grown ass people spending all of their time playing video games. That's a real thing. Well, At least that's exciting. It is that Yeah. Video games. Some video games are Why it incredible. Why does it give you a shock or something? No, some video games are so immersive, man. You have 3D sound and incredible graphics. Oh, really? And running through corridors and people are chasing you.


It's very exciting. And it hits all of your dopamine receptors and it fires you up. I mean, video games are pretty fucking amazing now. But it's just that the world that we're living in today is, it's not designed for human beings. It's designed to capture human beings. Capture your attention. It's not, it's not a a like if, if you're, you're spending your time going from a, a coffee shop to a restaurant, to a bookstore, to a record store, to a live concert n Museum. Yeah. To an art gallery. These, these are human Experiences, these are human experiences. But if you're ta spending your time arguing with people on Twitter, All day, like nothing is more depressing to me than seeing old rock stars argue about politics on Twitter.


It is so God depressing watching rock stars virtue signal and attacking people personally for having differing political beliefs. Like, and, and then looking at their timeline and realizing these poor fucks are addicted to this shit. And they're, they're doing this five, six hours every day. Get Off my lawn. Yeah. It's it's Get off my lawn. Yeah. Get off my lawn. I Mean, but it's, you know, it's fucking rock stars. It's like, good lord, man. Do you have friends? Like Get out. Yeah. Get outta the house. Stop doing this. We just, we just, you know, it's funny, we were gone for three months. We did the States on this latest tour. We played a lot of new songs from our latest record.


It was amazing. And then we finished in Europe and, and my wife And I stayed in Sicily and went back to London at the end. And I've been doing it for 35 years of that, you know, 90, 91st time I go to Europe and, and it's still like, I don't care. 35 years. It's a lot of shows. I don't care if I wake up And, I'm tired. And we have friends all over the place, which is a beautiful thing. Friends in Amsterdam, friends in Paris, friends in London, that's friends in in Madrid, friends in this, this, you know, Germany, whatever. Yeah. But we're, we're constantly out doing, you know what I mean? There's no way we're not heading the town in any town. And finding what it has that makes maybe it unique or special that whether that's tastes, smell, touch or whatever I mean, it's, i i it sounds silly, but like I said before, it's advent.


There's still adventure in the world. And I'm not talking about jumping out of an airplane adventure or Yeah. you know, that just stimuli, I I think it's, it's cognitive nutrition. I think it's actually good for you to experience different cultures and see how people hang out and see their restaurants and see, you know, where They, and you see everyone's doing the same shit. Yeah. you know, they just styling it a little different, Doing it in a different way. But it, it, it flavors your understanding of human beings. That's why my very, very special place, the thing that I love almost more than any other thing is Jamaica. Really. And I've been, I was lucky enough to have a dear friend introduce me to Jamaica Al 30 years ago.


And I, have friends there. And I have a whole life there that has nothing to do with anything other than Jamaica. Shit. And, I go to the country and like we like, have like a country kind of life there, you know, by the ocean and no resorts, you know, The food there is fucking Incredible, amazing, amazing food in Jamaica. Jamaican food is so delicious And you have to get out there and eat it. And they have all, like anything else, you know, the fruits there, the vegetables there, the seafood and, and you know, they say in Jamaica that the goat, a goat in Jamaica only has one bad day, man. you know?


Yeah. It's not even a whole bad day. It's a quick moment. One bad moment. And that's a wrap. One bad moment. And the rest we're all happy with, You know? Yeah. And then the rest, everyone's eating it. Yeah. That's one of the things I loved about Anthony Bourdain show, you know, that he would go and really immerse himself in these cultures and eat their food and hang out with their chefs and hang out with the people and get toured. you know, someone would take him on a tour around the town, You know what happened too? Sometimes he would be tired and hungover. Oh yeah. And yeah. Most of the time. Yeah. But yeah. But again, you know, I'd have people, I mean, I, I get it man. Everyone has a tough thing, but it's like, oh dear, I, I don't know, you know, I better get this.


I'm like, okay. You know, if you enjoy what you're doing, being tired is not that bad. No. If you enjoy what you're doing, it's okay. So what? Just get up, have a coffee, let's go. And I, And I bullshit. You not if, if for some reason I had to like get a quick 2025 in, I could curl up right there and do it. And you wouldn't even know I was here. I Believe you Like expert. That's 35 years of being on the road Knowing how to power nap. I gotta get, I gotta go down or I'm gonna like be in a, like, in an intersection like, you know, waving a gun around with my pants down by my ankles or Something. I've learned how to sleep instantly on planes. I get on a plane and almost always I'm out cold. Me too. I annoy every single person I'm traveling with.


Yeah. Like, How's he asleep? Especially, she's like, what? How'd you fall asleep that quick? I fall asleep. Even when my Jamaican dog in my lap, we brought a, when we, my wife And I were married in Jamaica and we have a little street dog that we brought back. Oh, that's cool. Bammy long face. Yeah. It was like, oh wow. Bammy, she's 35 pounds, but I can even sleep with my Jamaican Street dog on my lap. Ah, that's cool. So Jamaica's your spot huh? Fan. And they just got hit very hard with this hurricane. Mm. So it is, my friends are okay and stuff, but they, everyone's really shooken up over it in Jamaica. Oh. It's scary shit, Man. And it's been a bad, they haven't had something like that since 2007.


And this was worse. I saw Live footage of it, some live cell phone footage of it. It's just, unless you've experienced that live when, when you were around the sky and the sky becomes an angry monster and everywhere around you is dangerous and the winds are 120 miles an hour. And just like, it's so humbling. I've Never, I I mean I was in a tornado in Atlanta in the early seventies and that was I mean. I was probably too young to be like, traumatized. but I remember it, my feeling, my parents' trauma about this thing going over our house or whatever. Oh, It's fucking terrifying shit, man. Terrifying. But when it was over though, when you're a kid, it was like amazing. Like the whole world was one big pine s jungle gym.


I mean for weeks we were just, 'cause you're just climbing in all the fallen trees. And my dad had some old Pontiac and that thing was like a u in the car. Some giant pine trees smashed that thing. Wow. We So it was like a surrealist thing too as a kid, you know, like, wow. Everything's been shaken up. Yeah. So it's also a lesson in the temporary nature of things. You can look out and think, this is my lawn, this is where the car is parked, this is how things are. And then all of a sudden the sky's like, not today, bitch. Yeah, yeah. Let's throw a tree through your fucking house. What was That commercial in the seventies? That Mother Earth gets angrier, whatever. Remember that it was like shampoo or something and then the, but it was like, oh, there, there was their catchphrase and they would be like, you know, oh yeah, I remember that I Don.


It was like a, it might be shampoo or something, something Stupid like That. But, but it's true. you know what I mean? Yeah. You have to deal I mean shit. Fuck. Well, Katrina is still something like, you know, I love New Orleans. New Orleans is one of the most special cities in the world. And it's still amazing. It's still vibrant, dynamic, alive. but I think the scars of that place. Oh, for sure. Still, still there. I mean that was Devastating. Brutal. Yeah. Unbelievably brutal. I mean when, when hurricanes hit places and devastate them, it takes decades for them to recover, especially without aid. And then sometimes it's like the people that are there, they just don't wanna do it anymore.


It's like when you realize you're in a place that this happens, and there's other places where this doesn't happen, you just get the fuck out. you know? But there's a humbling of being attached to nature in that way that I think, like I grew up in Boston, and there's something to the people that live up there that understand that every winter it's gonna get so cold that you could die outside. Right. That's a, that's a reality that no one in LA experiences. 'cause in LA it's like Earthquakes. Fire floods, zombie apocalypse. I get it. You get a little bit of that, but you can kind of get away from that. It's just, It's not gonna overcome your entire city. You can build a very high fence and have the state-of-the-art security system. The Fires are wild.


I, I was evacuated, terrified three times living in LA 'cause we were in the valley. Yeah. Yeah. Three separate times. The last time the two houses across the street from my house burn to the ground. It was wild. It's just wild. Going through your old neighborhood and seeing just house after house, like there's 40 houses in our neighborhood that were burnt to The ground. We were in Marin County, Northern California, and out in a place called Lagunitas and was, this is four or five summers ago, and we just, you know, kept shit in the car. Guitars, you know, there's one guitar. I just can't live without some picture. you know, we just kept, just in case both our cars filled because you're out, you know, just ashes falling in the yard every day. And scary.


Well, it's, when it goes bad, it goes real bad. I was filming Fear Factor once in the, it was about hour and a half away from la and the fires got so bad we had to stop shooting and drive home. And on the way home, we were off the five freeway and on the way home, the entire right side of the highway for an hour was in flames. Like, completely in flames. like a Lord of the Rings movie. Like, you're waiting for demons to ride horses over the top of the mountains. It was, but it's, there's something about those, those kind of scenes that's like, it puts you back in check that's like, Hey, man, like maybe the things you're concentrating on aren't all that important.


For real. I think it also touches us in a, in a, in a, in our animalistic DNA of like, still being that pers you know, these people, again, it's Quest for Fire being these people who are really not just completely immersed in their environment as well for survival and sustenance and everything. Yeah. That it still, like in the way, I guess, you know, there's an instinctive thing in those moments that are, that has to be the exact same chemical reaction in every human being. Mm. In any expansive time that we've been like this.


Yeah. Yeah. When we were in Sicily, we were at one, I guess there was an eruption there recently. There's one today or last night. Yeah. Man, Edna. That's right. I was seeing it on the news. But when we were there, there's, we were at, near this one island that had a, a constant eruption. And at nighttime you could see the red at the top of the mountain. Just a little bit of red, like bubbling up off the top of the mountain. It was so fucking cool. I've never really got close to something like that, like a, you Know, have you ever done the tour in Hawaii? We fly over in a helicopter. No, Hawaii is wild. The big island is wild because it's growing every year because the lava's constantly flowing into the ocean.


You could literally watch the island expand in real time. That's wild. And you fly over in helicopter. So you're flying over, haven't it? You're looking down at the lava pouring outta the earth. Is this Italy Mount Aetna? Look at that. Isn't that wild? Man, That's Incredible. Not to be confused with regular Italy. Yeah. Sicilians think of themselves very differently. Look how beautiful that is, man. God. That's so fucking cool. We visited Pompeii too. I did that as a kid. And That's crazy. It's still one of the coolest. but I was like, you know, it's funny, when I, I look back, you know, they have like up the streets, they'll have like the fountain at the end of the street or whatever, where the water would come and you could see like where people lean their hand.


There's like an indention for the centuries of people leaning in to get a sip of water. Yeah. I just put my hand on that as a kid, just like I could, I almost couldn't stop like thinking about that. I do that all the time. I do, you know, I do that with my kids when I'm like fucking around. I'm like, shake the hand. I shook Chuck Berry's hand. Bo Diddley's hand. Yeah. Little Rich. I shook Little Richard's hand. John Lee Hooker, you know, and they're all like laughing, You know? Yeah. You met John Lee Hooker? I did one time. Yeah. Wow. That's a guy I'd love to meet. It. It Was, his handshake was like amazing. It was just like a, he, he touched my head. It was just like a, like a cloud.


It was the softest like pillow. Mm. And I was like, wow. And it was early, you know, early days. We headlined the Memphis Blues Festival and he went on before us. And I was like, wow. I just don't think that's right. you know? Right, right, right. I was like, I know we're selling a lot of records, but that's, it's crazy. That's John. That's John Lee Hooker, man. Yeah. Never get outta these blues alive, you Know? Yeah. Boom, boom, boom. Yeah. He was as cool as it gets. That's amazing, man. Have you ever met anybody that just like, gave you, you're like, I can't even believe I'm talking to this person. Yes. But one time it was Dr.


J. Oh, wow. Yeah. I was at some party in Vegas. This was back in the mid nineties, some vh. One thing or something. And I was standing outside. I was at the Hard Rock and isn't the guy's name Steve Wynn? Who owns the thing, the Hard Rock or Wyn Yeah. Or something. He owns A bunch of that stuff Out there. Yeah. And this was, you know, 30 years ago, And I was there and he was like, oh, hey Chris, you ever met Julius Irving? And? I was I mean? I, I was like, oh, oh, oh. I, I loved Dr. J so much growing up. you know, he and George Gervin were, they were my heroes. I played basketball. And I was like, and he, he was just so cool, you know, and he was like, Hey, man, nice to meet you.


And he is, I was just, I was like a little kid, you know? I just couldn't believe that I met Dr. Jay. Mm. I said, Dr. Jay's hand, I gotta throw him in there too. Wow. And the other one would be Robert Altman, the director. Oh, really? I met Robert at a, at a party. I was at a party at like a Donatella Versace party in London. And there were a bunch of famous people there, but we, they, everyone sat down at a table and, you know, and different things. And he was a, I was just like, oh, there. And he was with Richard E. Grant.


They were making Gosford Park, Richard E. Grant also, I was impressed to see and meet because of the film with Nail And. I is one of my favorite movies of all time. And there's with now, you know, like, there he is, I mean, it's Richard, but, but there's Bob Altman who is, you know, lord of my imagination. And, you know, one of the best film, my favorite film, some of my favorite films of all time. And so after when the dinner kind of like, is Les whatever, people are up talking to other people, I just go over to him. I'm, I'm like, fuck it. I'm just gonna say, you know, because I, I would be a little bit timid or shy in that situation. And I would never think anyone. I I still to this day, never imagine anyone knows who I am or what I do or whatever.


It's a good way to go through life, actually. Yeah. you know, I mean I mean being totally honest. Yeah. And then you find out, most people don't know who you are, give a fuck what you do. but I, go over And I, I, I introduce myself. And I instantly recognize that he smells like weed. Like he's, you know, got a roach in his pocket or something. And. I'm like, Bob, are you holding it? He goes, yeah, you wanna get stone? I was like, yeah. So he pulls out a joint and like, we're sitting there and we're just talking about weed. And, you know, he is like, it's hard to get, I get this from California, you know, And I was like, wow, man, I, you know, and we smoked a joint and talked a little bit about music and jazz and London, and that was kind of it.


And he was like, oh, you should come by the office. And And, I. I never took him up on it, like the production office, just because I just, I felt out of my depth, you know, what I mean, I should have. But that, that was like one of those things I, I will always remember, It's interesting when you meet the people that were heroes to you, and they're just, they're human beings. They're just normal. Yeah. And then you realize, like, especially in your case, like you've become that to other people. And then some kid will come up to you, Chris. Robinson. Yeah. Yeah. And you're like, yeah, fucking normal person. Just a person. But to them you are, you're the black crows. You're not a normal person.


Right. Right. You're a fucking God. you know, it's, it's weird. You're an inaccessible like, plateau of society that very few people ever Experienced. I think music is a part of that as well. Yeah. you know, like you said, I mean And, I, you know, there will always be, I don't know, there, I think that there's a connection in, in creation, art, you know, where does the idea come from? I mean, I think there's people who can manipulate that and make, like, I'm gonna make a pop song and it's gonna sound like this. And not saying that it's not special, not good. But then I think there's other things that there's, I'm not using it in a Christian way or whatever, but there's a divine spark of something that happens or whatever drops in your lap.


Imagination wise. The muse. Yeah. you know, the muse is real. The muse is real. I think it is real too. And the one thing that I, I do believe about the muse, And I, consider the muse a female presence. A a female Most Do dynamic, you know? Yeah. And I feel that, that the muse, at least my, the muse that I feel is a, it's a very jealous thing. And. I don't mean it in like any possessive way or se anything weird, but just like the second your devotion is turned somewhere else, the muse could leave you.


Mm. That might be as superstitious as throwing salt, you know, over your shoulder or whatever. but I honestly believe that. And it makes it difficult in life because life isn't just the muse. Life isn't just the dream world that I live in. Right. And my imagination and the ideas have to come from somewhere. It's not just singing and dancing. And you have to have ideas. What is this? you know, for me, I, I've always had to be involved with every aspect. The album covers the stage design, the fucking laminate. Everything has to fit into a world that I can in feel like I want to inhabit, you know? Yeah. Something that's comfortable and interesting. Yeah. And I. Think if you remove, so it's not just the musical part of the music.


It's the whole thing. And I. Think if you're like, oh, you know what I'm gonna get into, I'm not, you're, if my reverence for that goes away, and even in the slightest, I feel that she will turn her back on me forever. And they'll have nothing. No more poetry, no more music. Well, you're probably right, because let's assume the muse is real. The muse, the muse would probably reserve its greatest inspiration for its most devouted followers. I would. I think so. Yeah. The most devout followers are the ones that are gonna be adherent to a ritual. Sit in front of the computer or the notepad, or however you write and just like, Spend time.


Yeah. I could never, ever write lyrics on a screen. I could never do it. You write it on paper. Oh, yeah, Yeah, Yeah. I'm like, completely. Does anybody write lyrics on screens? I, I think, yeah. I think a lot of people, Artists that you know of. Yeah. Yeah. Interesting. I think a lot of hip hop people write rhymes on their phones and Yeah. No, I know a lot of guys do. That've I've know a lot of rock and roll people who are like, Hey, you know, well, The phone thing's convenient. I transfer all My notes to phones. 'cause it's a, and occasionally I'll write something on the phone. The the best thing about the phone, honestly, is like, sometimes I have an idea. May maybe I've had a couple of cocktails too, which is like, you know, memory is slippery when you're drinking with friends and you're having a good time. But you have an idea.


I'll just like run into a bathroom stall. Yeah. And I'll hit the voice recorder and just say it. I do that too. I do that. I, I do the voice recorder as well for like, if I'm plucking around a guitar, And I, get a little something that I like. Or when Rich And I are writing songs too, like, if we're not, but you know, I've never had a home studio. I've never wanted that. Really? I never, You want to go to a place? I want to go to a place And I. like a part of my thing is I like everyone's contribution. you know what I mean? Right. I mean in the black crows rich And I write the songs. So, but the contributions can be musical or the product, or it could be anything.


Right. I mean the, sometimes the, you know, it's the engineer and the producer and the band and the, and it's The vibe of those people being together. And it's all of that circulating and percolating and making something, everyone in on it. you know what I mean? Like an old submarine movie or something. Like, you're being death charged and everyone has a job to do so you don't die. Right. you know? but I think that's important for, for me, you know, like, I love I mean, prince is one of my musically I mean, there's an argument you made that maybe Prince was the baddest motherfucker of all time. Definitely an argument. I don I mean.


'cause there's people who can write, there's people who can play. There's people who can produce and record. And there's people who can dance and sing and perform. That guy did it all at its ultimate level. Every musical instrument I mean. Yeah. Yeah. He was insane. It was so good. And he was so different. I remember when the first album came out, it's just that picture of him with his shirt off with like his hair. you know? And you, you hear the songs and you're like, wow, this guy's out there. It's Different. Yeah. The second record Prince, was That the second record Or was the first The first, yeah. The first one's called for You. And there's a picture of him kind of like it's He was Is For You. Is that one with Jacked Me Off? No, that's later.


Oh, okay. For you. The first signal is soft and wet. Oh. Which is before Jack You Off. It has to be soft and wet. And I always laugh. 'cause I was, you know, by the time we're in the suburbs, I live in Atlanta. you know, I'm obsessed with Black radio at the time. I'm only listening to V 1 0 3 FM Atlanta. My first concert is Slave and Cool in the Gang and Sky at the Omni. Oh wow. I'm going to see the time Vanity six SOS Lakeside cameo, you know. Oh wow. Morris Day. Yeah. That was one of the best concerts I've ever seen. Wow. At that, you know, at that time in my life. And only listening to that radio. So the first Prince Single comes out and it's soft and wet.


It's a great song. Dun dun dun. And like funky and cool. This little kind of disco breakdown in the middle, little roller skating shit in the middle. And I'm like, I, but I didn't really know what soft and wet was yet. you know what I mean? I was like, is this like a wash cloth that he left in the bed? What is this? Yeah. No, he was a character man. I mean I never met him. Original character. I never even, I saw him. I only saw him in concert once. Really? And it was fantastic. He was amazing. He was doing a residency once at House of Blues in Vegas. And, but it was like really late at night. And I had to do something in the morning. And I passed on going And I was, to this day, I kill myself. Oh yeah. 'cause he would do the concert and then go play another eight hours or whatever.


Yeah. Well he was going up really late. It's like, it was after midnight. And I was like, I got shit I have to do tomorrow. I can't do this. I can't be that tired. And to this day I'm like, fuck. You know, it's funny, the other person I met that I was, that put me very much at ease. But when I first said hello that I was totally freaked out was George Jones. Oh, wow. I met him at the, at the Ryman Auditorium after Johnny Cash passed away. They had a, it's like Meeting Jesus the Sistine Chapel. Man. Man, I mean. I was like, I was, I got ushered into this dressing room, you know, I was a guest. Chris Christofferson was there. I was, you know, I was amazed to meet him. Mm. And but I, I'm like fucking George Jones old possums right there.


And I. End up talking to him. And he was really, really sweet man. And wanted to talk about Kansas City Chiefs. He loved the Chiefs. And I used to watch football back then. And, but I always remember, so they were, he was taking over for Johnny Cash singing. I think it's Johnny Cash. Maybe it was Wayland's part. I don don't know the song that great. The highway. I was a highwayman on the Columbia Highway was Yeah. And he was the damn builder. Mm. On the Columbia River, whatever. But he, he, he, he kept looking at the lyrics. He went, I'm a damn builder.


And Christo was like, man, it's not like, he goes, don don't think my fans want me to. I'm a damn builder. I mean, he just kept thought it was so funny. And I was like, what? Amazing. you know, that I got to be in there. But the other funny part of that is they were like, Chris, we take a picture with George and Chris and I'm like, I'm getting my fucking picture taken with George Jones and Kris Kristofferson. That's pretty wild. This is like coolest thing. And I'm like, I'm like in the middle, you know? Yeah. And I'm like, man, this is the coolest day ever. And then the door opens. Look at that. My ex-wife is there too. But then the door opens and Al Gore gets in the picture and ruins it.


Like, get outta the picture. Who, How did he get in there? don don't know. Did he start talking about the climate? Yeah. What? Yeah. That was his initial climate thing. But I'm like, let's talk about your wife telling people what they can listen to. Whatever. Yeah. Tip, like, get outta here. Who are you? Self-righteous. Yeah. People forgot about that. She was the one who made, well, all it actually helped albums. 'cause when they put those warning labels, everyone Wanted them all A warning label one. Yeah. I never even Got a warning label. Oh, I remember when NWA had the warning label on Them. I mean all of them. Yeah. But I mean, I'm like, you guys are really seriously upset about the band. Wasp I mean like you, like You.


Yeah. It's, it's really ridiculous now in hindsight. but I remember, you know, I was in high school at the time. It was a big thing. Well, they're telling you what to do. Yeah. Again, you know what I mean? And a lot of it was racist, you know, I Mean? Oh yeah. But it was like, well, I guess it was outta high school. It was like when rap music was really starting to emerge, and those lyrics were so shocking. Like early ice tea, ice cube, all that stuff. It happened with rock and roll. you know what I mean once kids Sure. El Presley, they wouldn't let him shake his hips on tv. I Mean it happened with Chalk Barry too. you know what I mean? Yep. And there's that, the initial phase of the, the cosmic fucking blood and brimstone of rock and roll is ends pretty quickly when it starts.


And then you turn into like the Paulka Pat Boone sort of style until the, or until the Beatles really come back around. I mean there's Right, right. you know, you have lots of cool records in between there. But they're ver they're, they're small, But it's interesting like that where things come in waves. Yeah. They come in waves of great artists for whatever reason. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think I mean, I I mean, at least if you look at, like, when I look at my age, people, we were just, we were close enough to the Beatles and close enough to the Sex Pistols and close, you know, what I mean? And the Stones and Zeppelin. That shit's long gone for a lot of younger people. you know, as time, as time moves on.


Yeah. you know what I mean? I have to ask you a question, because before I forget, did Rick Rubin try to get you guys to change the name of your band? Yes. And did he really try to get you to change your name Yes. Of the band to the KKK, the co Yes. He county crows. I know that the king of yoga or whatever the fuck he's selling, whatever the, you know, whatever his, you know, but under that beard, that, that guy, and it's funny because Good for Rick Rubin, whatever, he can do whatever he want. don don't, you know, he, he has very little, but he did say that's a, that's a true story. So how, and by the way, it was unimaginably offensive.


Unimaginably. Why would you say that to us? you know what I mean? Explain the conversation. How does it happen? Because I think, well, we were, we were called Mr. Crow's Garden. And it's a book, it's a, like a children's book from like the twenties called Mr. Crow's Garden with an E. So it's a name, you know, he was Mr. Crow. And we were kind of, you know, into like, psychedelic, you know, like it was our, or whatever. That was the name of our band. So when we made Shaker money maker, a few years had gone by since we first were Mr. Crow's Garden. And now we don't sound like that.


And I and George Lia, our producer and our a and r guy and our lifeline to the, to the music business, to the world who signed us and stuff. He was like, we need, you know, knew we gotta change the name. So there was a little bit of time where before we said, we'll be the Black Crows. And that's when Rick interjected that that's what he, because we're Southern, aren't all southern people fear-driven? Ignorant bigots Aren't isn't every one of them. But he didn't say it that way. Right. So how did he No, he Said it like, it'll be cool, it'll be like controversial. I'm like, yeah. Jesus Christ.


Yeah. So I And I. And how Did he bring it up? Like, I think this is a cool, you're from Cobb, Cobb County. See? Well, we're not from there, but my, when we, we are from Atlanta, by the way. It's fucking hard to get it to change Wikipedia that they're like, we're they being and Rich are born in Marriott? I mean we're not. We're from Atlanta, Georgia, you know, third generation, Atlantans. And I was like, my grandfather was born in Atlanta in 1906. you know what I mean? So it's hard to get that shit changed. But he was like, oh, so you live in Cobb County, COBB, well you should change it to Cobb County Crows and put them all Ks. And we were like, it's, it's, that's self foul and disgusting.


It's also, it's such a crazy idea to not have like, context to it. Just to, to to imagine that you're gonna call ban the KKK. Like what the Cobb County crows actually sounds cool with Cs. Yeah, totally. You know, it was the Cobb County CCC, no problems, great name. Nothing wrong with it. You probably probably achieved the exact same success as the Black Crows. but I don't know because the poet in me and the, the, the armchair occulus would believe that, that the only way we got, we achieved what we achieved, became what we became is because of the way the, the some reason also leaving the e in it made.


That was the one thing that I said we would do. Mm. So it's, you know, and by the way, leaving the e in it was also great. And it's still great to this day when we're someone requests something or want something from you and they misspelled the name of the band, we're like, no, fuck that. No, You Could've, Could've looked around a little bit. Search. It's right there. you know what I mean? It's hard to add an EI Just can't imagine that conversation. Someone saying, I Can't imagine that. Especially Rick, to be honest. Rick is a friend of mine. So just to, you know, for clarity, I think I, I Don't hate Rick Rubin or anything. He's a genius. He did, he did Say that. He's a fascinating guy. I mean, he's a very interesting thinker.


And I could imagine this idea intrusively embedding itself in his mind and then coming out of his mouth. I just can't see how anybody I mean, To be honest. I, I, you know, I found a lot of, when, especially in this, you know, when our first record came out and, you know, we are on tour and we're working that record and I'm the one who has to get up in the morning and, okay. So we're playing, we're in Cleveland now. We're playing Cincinnati. I have to go to 10 radio stations in Cleveland and Cincinnati and do the handshaking and the talking and the, you know, sell the, sell the band. I, I I meet all the like, local promo people, you know, so they pick you up and stuff.


And most everyone was really super cool. And they would be the people that could get you drugs and pay for drinks and stuff. Yeah. you know, and but wow. I would be driving in the car with some of these guys and they'd be like, must be tough being, I'm like, you know, like talking down to me like, you don't know me. Just 'cause I'm Southern and I'm a musician doesn't mean that, you know, talking down to me like I'm stupid or something. Or I'm like, whoa, whoa. You don't, Well I understand. Like, must be tough in what way? Like, what Were they saying? Well, like you're from Atlanta. Like, do they have schools there? you know what I mean? Like Yeah. Like just kind of patronizing me or thinking that everyone's supposed to go, oh, Just happened to be here.


Play some damn, you know what I mean? I'm like, we're Not, I'm from Atlanta, Georgia. Yeah. you know what I mean? You don't know what books I read. You don't know what I'm into. You don't know anything about Me. Well, this is a always been a, a deep history of prejudice about people in the, what they would call the flyover states. The, the arrogance of New York and Los Angeles. And you know, you kind of sort, dude, These were the flyover state people talking to me. Oh, that's funny. Even worse. you know, there's some people that like accept Chicago a little bit and some other cities, Detroit a little bit. But the, the reality was it was at about the coasts and everything in between was bullshit. And they were Is this as if everyone in Rochester, New York has like a PhD in French literature or something? By The way, that used to be kind of true when you would go on the road, not true.


But you would notice a market difference in the awareness if you were talking about anything out of the ordinary. The awareness of people's, what, what they knew in certain cities and certain places in the country versus what they knew in Los Angeles in New York. Yeah. Yeah. Meaning There was a Difference. I mean they would, yeah. They're hip or Audience or something. They weren't sophisticated. Yeah. They weren't sophisticated. They didn't know as much. but I mean, thank god that changed with the internet, That changed. Everyone has exact same You References, you go to Cleveland, Ohio, you know, you go wherever you go. There's fucking people that get it. They get it. Do you Remember when Bill Hicks used to just look at the audience and go Mo Yeah. Mo Oh yeah.


People, a lot of people still haven't caught up to Bill, but, you Know. Oh, he was great. I mean his, he used to call it his flying saucer tour. 'cause he would only go to places where flying saucers would land. like a Weird, Weird little out of the way Spots. What's that record called? Rant and see Minor or something. Or it's something like a minor. It's it a minor. I don't remember. I don't know what key it said, but I that Yeah. I mean what I, I still put that on and it's just Fantastic. Unbelievably funny. Changed comedy. Changed comedy made people want to become profound. It was, it changed comedy from just a bunch of stuff to laugh at to stuff that made you think about it after you were done laughing. Like, I think George Carlin had that as well. For Sure. Yeah, for sure.


In a different way. But, you know, Hicks was more psychedelic inspired and it was just more he A rocket Roll. Yeah. Like thing in him that, for lack of another description, I think that gave him that kind Of energy, you know? Yeah. It's the right, you know, it's the right way to describe it. I think I, I had a chance to see him live a bunch of times. Luckily, Like, in a way he understood what, you know, what a great underground band means to someone. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. And what it meant to him. Yeah. Oh, exactly. Yeah. It was, he was an artist. It was an artist that was also a comedian. you know, he wasn't trying to conform to like, whatever the stereotypical, this is the guy that's gonna get a sitcom act is gonna create. Yeah.


But there's not a lot of those. Is it worth, is the sitcom worth it? It doesn't exist anymore. No. But I mean for those, the comics that like took that route that maybe, you know What it was the golden carrot. It was the thing that they held over all of our heads is that if you develop an act that could be converted into a sitcom, all of a sudden you're Tim Allen and you have $50 million in the bank, or you are Jerry Seinfeld, or your Brett Butler, or your Roseanne Barr. There was like a few of those people that that could Yeah. And there's a bunch of people that had managed some more obscure shows that people forgot about, but they made a lot of money as well. And it was this thing that if you could get on a sitcom and then all of a sudden you're the King of Queens, you know, like my friend Kevin James, that was his thing. Right. Right. And, and that's how he got through it.


And, and it's that, that was the magic portal. The magic portal to wealth. And it's, it also fucked up a lot of people's acts because there was a lot of That's what I mean, Like After that. Yeah. Now you're kind of stuck and Censored. Yeah. And now, now the things that you wanna say, you can't say They self-censored. This is the saddest thing. I know some of the great comics of like the nineties that are ruined because they self-censor now because they, they sort of developed this act for television and then once they were on television, they got all that TV money they wanted to keep it coming in. So they never really branched out into more offensive subject matter or, you know, just, just, just More provocative.


More provocative. That's What word, you know what I mean? And I. Think irreverent in some ways. you know what I mean and you feel free. Right. Let everyone else will judge what that is. And then Yeah. But it's just, the problem is you're never gonna make everybody happy. And now way more people have an opinion that they can express. Like, because of social media, like everyone can express their opinion. It's not as simple as your, you hope to get the favor of a reviewer. Like someone who's cool really likes bands comes to see, oh, Bob's here, this guy's fucking cool, he's gonna review our show. And you're like, he kind of trusted Bob. Bob was a good guy. He really loved music. He wasn't trying to tear things down. Those guys don't exist anymore. Yeah. Yeah. you know, now, now what everyone's trying to do is get people on social media to like them and or not be mad at them.


So when they put out a special, you see these Not be mad at them. Yeah. You see These, which as a comic, The role of the artist sometimes is to make your audience mad at you. To challenge them. Yes. I mean not, you know, what I mean in a way. Like, oh God, how many things in life like that I didn't like at a time that I finally found my way through later and be like, oh, of course. Thank you. you know what I mean? Yeah. Like you of course, that's the natural, Of course Progression. It's the natural way. And by the way, not everything is supposed to be, like you were saying, and that I guess that's where we are with this social media. Nothing can have that sort of mystique around it anymore. Right.


'cause it's, it's, it's, it's forcing too much out of someone. You're expecting too much from someone to either follow you and or understand, get it or acceptance. Right. Yeah. you know? Well, it's just a foolish pursuit. The pursuit of other people who you don't even know their, their love and attention and you'll morph and change and adapt whatever you're trying to produce in order to gain their favor. That's a fucking folly. That's such a, a foolish way of interacting with human beings. And whatever you create, it's False. False. It's completely, it's not gonna resonate. It's false. Right. I mean you're, and you can see where, you know, personally, I think you're starting to see culturally where that hollowness and that falseness isn't helping.


Oh, it's definitely not helping. It's, it's a it's pushing us over the edge. Yeah. It's not good. You, you need experiences from people where when they resonate these, when, when they put out these works, whether it's book or music or anything, this thing represents their soul and their perspective and their actual, th this is a thing they've created, not a thing they're doing. So they hope you like it, not a thing they're doing. So they hope you don't get mad. Not a thing they're doing where you highlight social issues for so people think you're a virtuous person for me. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's, it's not, well It's funny when you say that the virtuous part of it that, that's funny too because, you know, mu especially like, you know, the lobby of your place is full of pictures of famous people who have been Arrested for shit.


Yeah. All my mugshots. Yeah. you know, And it's like I mean in a way, in a counterculture way. Whether it's a poet, a musician, a jazz musician, anyone And I, you know, Robert Mitchum. What, you know, what, you know, Robert Mitchum's cooler than Kurt Douglas? 'cause he got busted for smoking pot. Okay. So Robert Mitchum's cooler than you Kurt Douglas, but the outsider in culture, you know what I mean? The loser and the outsider are other themes that we do not celebrate as much. Right. And I'm not talking about some fabricated pop star who pouts and is like, look how dark I am. Right. Right. you know what I mean? That's not, that's not what I'm talking about.


No, you And that's always there. That's again, showbiz and corporate things, you know, can manipulate these kind of archetypes. Yes. And put them in the kind of genre specific things that they want because they know Yeah. That's, that's not, that's, that's something Formulating A rebel is so gross. Yeah, yeah. Totally. Oh my God. A formulated rebel. A disingenuous formulated rebel. Yeah. I mean you, you See them. You Do. but I think they sort of make you really appreciate people that are true artists or the people that are just, it really is just their expression of what they're trying to create that they hope people enjoy. you know, there's, there's a different I mean it's funny because that's, you know, more than ever, not just for the fact that I really had to go through certain things to come full circle with my career and my brother and what the Black crows mean and my life.


A lot of things, you know, I mean a lot of it starting with, with my wife Camille and stuff. But one of the things that, that I, that keeps me excited and one of the main things that I love is I know that we're, and call us old fashion or call us naive or any anything you want, it doesn't matter. But that we were talking about that stupid flame idea, this purity. but I know when we go out on tour and we write songs, make records, play concerts, it's something that is raw still in there. We're not in air monitors. We don't, there's no computer on our stage.


you know what I mean? We don't, you see these fucking bands cancel show 'cause their laptop didn't work. I'm like, well borrow your mom's. Borrow your mom's. Do they really cancel shows 'cause their laptop crashes? Yeah. It happens all the time. That is fucking hilarious. And like, there's bands that are up there, there not even playing. And like, they press a button and they're up. you know what I mean? Oh, okay. Which fine. Like whatever you want to do to get over. I get it. I'm again, I was born the same year. The Beatles made revolver. I get it. you know what I mean. But think about that. In my daughter's lifetime, the Beatles will be a fucking a hundred years old. That record will be a 1964 is a hundred years ago. That's crazy.


You know what I mean? That's so crazy when you think about it that way. Like, because when I was a kid, it was just a decade or two ago. Well, in the same decade between the Beatles, if that a hundred years was the end of Thes, the Civil War and the Beatles, you know what I mean? Like it's weird. It's a weird thing to look at time that way, but Well, it really puts it into perspective. 'cause we look at everything through this lens of a finite lifespan of a hundred years. If you're lucky, you know, we, we look at everything like this is This is like a long time, but it's not a long time. No. It's a fucking, I did used to do this joke about that the constitution, like the America, America was founded in 1776. I go, people live to be a hundred. That's three people ago.


Yeah. Three people ago they started this like, it's nothing. Yeah. It's so new. Everything's so new. Civilization itself. Oh my God, it's so ancient. Is it really? It's not I mean you're talking about the 3000 years. Yeah. But in the big scope of things, It's not that much time. And they And I think historically and because of science and things, you know, it's like that idea of, well, this was the bronze age. It started on Thursday. Yeah. And then it went, and then, but then they find a a, a corpse in the ice in the Italian Alps. And the guy has a bronze sword. And he's 2000 years before they thought they're like, fuck, I gotta re Yeah, there's a problem with that, with an archeologist.


I gotta get my abacus out and do the math. Yeah. They're very reluctant to change the dates of things that they've been publishing about forever. But there's some things that they find every now and then that force them. Like, there's a place called Gobekli Tepi in Turkey that's 11,000 years old. And they found it in the nineties. I, I believe it was a sheep herder found this like piece of stone in the ground. It kicked at it, moved it around, and then realized it was had a, an edge to it. And then they excavated it. And it's just an enormous temple structure. And they to this day have only excavated like 5% of it. Yeah. Amazing. There's a lot of controversy behind it because people are like, why aren't they continuing to excavate? Like, what are they doing? Like, Well now in, in archeology, they, they can do almost just as much with Sonic.


They can plan out what's going on and not disrupt the Thing. Well that's how they know. There's many, many of these structures around that same area, You know, last these Things are 11,000 years old. That Crazy. The last show of our tour, we were in Meredith, Spain playing in a greet I mean in a Roman theater that they had only done the excavations in the fifties because I guess at a certain point they just filled, there's an amphitheater next to it where they would have gladiatorial games and things, and then a theater for theatrical and religious purposes. Mm. But you're sit, you know, like we're Pink Floyd gets Pompeii, we get married, it's still cool. you know what I mean? Yeah. But you're playing in this place was built during the reign of Augustus.


And, and then the guy goes, yeah, well, you know, it was just filled with trash There we It is. Wow. That's in Incredible. It was just filled with trash. And then finally they dug it all out of there, you know, and so, and then this was down there. This is what Wow. That was all covered. Yeah. That's nuts. That is so nuts. It was fantastic. Beautiful place. We went to Greece last year. Magical. I got to see the Delphi. Well we went to Ulysses, or no, how do you say it? Ellucian? Well, the Ellucian mysteries, right? Ellucian mysteries. Where you el Descended to the cave. I think. Well, el At one point was a parking lot from what I've read.


'cause I'm really You Mean now? Have they Yeah, yeah. Like where the original mysteries took place. No, no, you can still go there. Oh, really? Yeah, it's all carded off. It's all, it's it's protected. you know, you have to go through a gate to get in. It's a, there's guards there and stuff, but we, we went to there, which is where the Illian mysteries were. And I got really lucky to go with my friend Brian Murrow rescue. I was there with my family and Brian was there at the same time. And Brian Murrow rescue is a scholar who wrote this incredible book about the use of psychedelics in ancient Greece that's now been confirmed through, they take these old pieces of pottery and they found ergot in the pottery. Yeah, of course. And they think all their wine was laced with psychedelics.


And these people were, and they invented democracy. I mean they were tripping balls and trying to give everybody an equal participation in society and figuring things out. But you're around these structures and these are fucking thousands of years old. What is it? The, what was it? The, what was my mind About the Kon? The drink? Yeah, the Drink. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The Kon. Yeah. You know, and they find this almost exact same structure in Peru as well. Really? And down in a thing psychedelics mirrors in the corner where they could build fires and like send lights around and stuff. Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah. And then, but what happens to in Greece is they, it's the, what is the law?


It's a once in a lifetime experience, but then the rich people get their hands on it and they start having their ceremonies, private ceremonies, more exclusive or elitist. And that's kind of the, the fall of that. Well, The Romans put a stop to it. Yeah. They didn't like it. you know, people No, they did. These people are like rethinking society the same way They put a stop to it in the 1960s when the government made all psychedelic drugs schedule one when they were doing that. So they can go after the anti-war protesters and the Black Panthers, and they changed the counterculture. Moving I mean it's, Yeah. Cannabis is close to the same thing. I mean, you know, when I first made the decision to be a daily cannabis user, I was an outlaw.


Now I'm a patient, you know? Yeah. Isn't that interesting? You're like, we used to be like, you know, they Yeah. People think they killed Bob Marley because of shit like that. Right. But now it's just like, it's my medicine. Yeah. Well, you, you know, it's now in how many states, Jamie Legal and how many didn't we say it was like legal in 19 And I think it's half the country has legal marijuana, half the country and the other half the country wants it. Like, what are we doing? Like, how the fuck is it 2024 with all that we know about all the drugs and that this 1 24 states, three territories in Washington, DC have legalized recreational cannabis use.


Seven states have decriminalized its use. Commercial distribution is legal in all jurisdictions where possession is legal except for Virginia and Washington DC Personal cultivation for recreational use is allowed in all jurisdictions except for Delaware, Delaware, Illinois, New Jersey. That's surprising. And Washington state that's even more surprising. Well, first off, let's just be honest. No one's ever ever had fun in Delaware. I'm just kidding. Never Biden's from I think it's, it's just a dumb thing for us to be hanging onto the fact that they're still allowing grown adults to tell other grown adults what they can do with their consciousness, with all the data that we know about things that are very harmful, that are not just legal, but prescribed by doctors.


How about just everything is harmful that they allow in the world. you know, they don't give a fuck about de sea being a plastic desert. But don't smoke pot or I mean, I find that's always been the case. Yeah. With authority, isn't it? you know what I mean? Yeah. Like language, you know. Sure. I mean what language you're, I'm, you know what I mean? What language can you use in how you use it? Or Sex and violence, you know, the fact that violence, well talk About Rome then. Now we're going back to Rome. Yeah. And one of the reason Rome was so successful is because they placated and we talk about Rome. We're not talking about Italy. We're talking about the city state of Rome. That is the thing that conquered the room, the city state and the surrounding areas where other things, but they keep the masses happy, keep them entertained with violence and free bread.


Yep. And you know, in the same way that you keep people, you control people by fear and ignorance. Keep them. Yes. you know what I mean and it's Exactly. And TikTok Just keep 'em mildly entertained. All day long and Distracted. I find the, I find the idea of TikTok about as interesting as the game TikTok, I don't even know. Oh, TikTok toe mean TikTok Toe. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not doing that either. No, I'm not doing that either. It is crazy when you go to the Cossum and you realize the extent of the construction of it and how elaborate it was and how many different things they had going on, where they would turn it into, like they'd have boats, na battles, they filled up with water. Yeah. Incredible. Wild, wild shit. They, they had animals in cages, they could race through the floor.


It's unimaginable. And Now, you know, the thing about going there too is you go, I wonder if they ever thought this was gonna end. Did they ever imagine? No, of course not. No. They certainly never imagined. Some idiot comedian in his family from California at the time we're gonna go visit and go, whoa, cool. This is where they had sword fights. Whoa. I mean, I I, I imagine. Yeah. It's, it's, I think some of the emperors probably in an egocentric way felt, and it's true, everyone knows, you know, a lot, you know, there might be some kid who never heard a bird's record, but he'll, he might know who Nero was. Yes. Or Caligula or something. Sure. Or like the most dramatic sort of deranged parts of like where the, where that period of Rome of the dictator starts to become.


It's just always shocking when you go to a place that was in complete control of like, most of the world. And then now it's nothing. Now it's gone. Now it's just ruins that people visit and it's just a city. Yeah. What if Bill Gates had been like, you know, Guido, you know, whatever, it'd be a different thing. you know, what if they had the, what if the whole internet came from Italy, not America. you know what I mean? Right? It's, It's just always weird to go to a place too, when you're from America, Claudio, gso, whatever, like, he came up with this, you know what I mean, but they had a pretty good run in the Renaissance. Oh, well, they've had amazing runs artistically. I mean, that's also something that I think about when I go to Italy. Like there is something about their life and their lifestyle that contributes to this incredible body of work when it comes to art, when it comes to music, when it comes to sculptures and paintings.


I mean there's so many great artists that came in, came from that part of the world. Have you, have you ever seen a book called Naples 44? No. Do you know this book? It's one of, it's, a friend of mine gave it to me a couple years ago. It's a British secret Service officer comes to Naples in 1944 directly in the, you know, push of the allies, pushing the Germans, and then fascist up the peninsula from Sicily and then landing in Italy. And it's an unbelievable book that this guy writes. And it's, it's, it's the sadness and the like, tragedy of it as you, and like anything else, war is dramatic.


War is pain and violent. The aftermath of war is something that people rarely are, can wrap their heads around or interested in maybe because it's even, you know, you take away the drama of the battle and stuff. It's bleak. But there's something about, and this guy's not Italian English guy, but he captures the spirit, the humanity within like this transitional period in Naples, but unimaginable stories, depravity, but also great exalted human things as well. Mm. And then just some things that are incredible. Like, you know, Italians in their clothes and even the rich, the aristocratic class in Naples to the, to the person that could, when they didn't have any fabric.


And around this time after that, they're, they're walking around Naples in ar in beautifully tailored suits, made of old army blankets that they would use black paint on to make them look chic. Really? Yeah. And I was like, wow, I would love to see that garment in a museum. Mm. But just all manner of things. And there's a, there's another American guy was there at the same time and wrote another book about it, which is also very interesting because this guy was one of the only books of, of that time. I, I have it in my phone, I could tell you. But that talks about like the gay scene with the soldiers in Naples and stuff too.


Like during this thing, like just my, just, you know what I mean? Incredible stories, incredible survival and heroics and art and culture that still survive. And, you know, during like the darkest time, you know, it's a great, great book. Un unbelievable unforgettable. Well, It's always interesting too when you're thinking about things thriving and existing against resistance, you know, in, in a, a dark time or a different time. A time of much more difficulty, you know, and you get a chance to sort of feel what they felt when they were doing what they were doing. You know, I mean, I think culturally, historically, I mean, I think one of the great reasons Europeans have a much different attitude.


You're talking about, you know, Sicilians, Italians, but everyone, French, Spanish, Spanish people know how to have a good time too. Oh yeah, sure. you know, sure. To have two events like the, the World War I and World War ii, the, yeah. We have very little, it's hard for us to understand what those two events must have felt like through communities, cities, families is, I just read another amazing book called Wine and War, and it's a history of like the wine business during the Nazi occupation during World War ii, unimaginable. Oh wow. Wild shit going on.


And, but the French people, you know, 'cause Germans, they knew as well, like, you know, what's, what's the blood of France is the wine, what is the thing that holds it together in all these things? But it's also a great commodity and also something of great elevated status, you know, all this stuff with the way they dealt with the Vichy. I just, you know, and I'm like, wow, man, these guys had a lot on their plate for five years and, and leading up to the, you know, inevitable Nazi occupation. Well, even in World War I, I mean in World War I, France lost 25% of its men. Men, yeah. And then in World War ii, they lost another 25% And I just crazy in the book I mean, and, and also just history.


I think that's one of people, you know, one of the reasons I think Germany, I mean, Fran, a lot of French people just didn't want to do it again, you know what I mean? Right, right, Right. And, and that And I think you, you know, and you know, it's funny too, like, history repeats itself all the time. And we know this, you know, and there was a lot of infighting and political things within the French government at that time, whether that's, you know, through the military or whatever, that made them really a soft spot. you know what I mean? Yeah. They had no, no one was, there was no cohesiveness of the way they would think about fighting or defending or whatever as well. Mm. Yeah. But they went out in the end, you know what I mean, but this book about just how that affects all the different wine regions and the characters and stuff.


That has to be insane. It's a great, Great book Because it's so important over there. Wine is everything to them. It's so important. France. And, you know, it's funny, one of the like things in the book, you're like, okay, so they're obviously, you know, confiscating everything for the ACH and doing all this stuff. But they take this, I I, I, I might be wrong, but I think it's the pu fse. They take this, this guy has like, you know, however many casks or whatever, And they just take everything. And then the guy's upset. He's been in his family for 400 years or whatever, and he's sitting there with his head in his hands and they're like, it's just wine.


He goes, I, I know it's just wine. But they destroyed 300 year old casks, the, the oak barrels that that's the secret to the, our wine. Mm. And they chopped them up and threw 'em on a fire or whatever, you know, what I mean? And that, that he was more upset about that than the wine itself at that time. And he was like, they irreplaceable could never ever have that again. It's been in my family for, you know, stuff like that really gets my head spinning of Oh yeah, forget. It's not just the grape and the person that makes the wine. It's that, you know what I mean? It's every, every detail, every aspect of it. Well, they can Also destroy the history of how it was made. Like people won't know how to do it correctly. I mean, that's the, one of the darker aspects of occupation is when they destroy ancient stuff.


Like the burning of the library of Alexandria or I mean. Could you imagine what that I mean? We have no I mean unimaginably. Yeah. And by the way, who burned it down? Christians? Did They? Yeah. It was Christian people who ran amuck because of something that had happened, some sort of crime that was committed or something. And they, it was the early Christians who burned that down. Those Motherfuckers. You imagine if that had some sort of an explanation as to how they built the pyramids and it's lost forever. I mean, it could be anything. Anything. I mean. I mean millions and millions of, But that was the most sophisticated society that has even today, ever existed. If you look at ancient Egypt in, in terms of their ability to construct things that baffle us to this day, like the great pyramid baffles people to this day.


Yeah. There's hundreds of thousands of people debating how and why and what they were for and what they did. And we really don't know. I'm also interested in anything where before science becomes one thing and like the occult is another thing, right? And I just, you know, there's a certain time And I was, I'm, I'm really interested in John d the great occultist scientist English around the Elizabeth the first Reign Alchemist. But that his scientific ideas were equally had the, they possessed the same gravity as his occult ideas. And those things were in the same world.


They weren't removed from each other. It wasn't like one was silly and one was serious. Right. They were both taken at with the same level of, you know, sobriety or whatever, you know. And, and that's what we were talking before. I think there's a, to be, to remove the mystic from everything or, or to, or not to be able to at least have a nod to it or understand I mean what is ancient Egypt. you know, what I mean? But yes, there are great civilization that could organ, you know, organized, but at its base and what's holding it together is this mystical, like, weird thing, you know? Yeah. Like, very much so. So to remove that completely, I think is, it's, it's, it's don don't know.


It seems so rigid, you Know, it's a foolish rational. There has to be Reduction integration Yes. Of different things, because you feel people's need for that to integrate those things. Well, there has been in all great cultures, right, I. mean in Chich. Have you ever been to the, the ancient May structures? I've been to some, but I didn't go to that one. They all, I went to two other ones and there in places Of worship and they, they all, they all involve rituals. I mean there was a lot going. And what they did was incredible. And psychedelics. And psychedelics. Yeah. I Mean as well. I went through Chich, so we got lucky. There was a, a really good professor that was kind of explaining things to us and, and he was talking about the different psychedelics that they believed that they would use and the way they had structured their, all of their buildings to align with constellations and the way they had sort of worshiped this whole integration of the sky into all of their architecture.


I mean it's an integration into universal consciousness. Yeah. I mean, that's really what it is. And it's funny, like, 'cause you think, well, you're poisoning the water. Well, you're poisoning. We are all, it's all one living organism. Yeah. And the universe is one living organism. Right, right, right. I mean, I don't want to get too far out, man, you know, but of course one, it, it's all just like the ecosystem or whatever, like the frog eats the Ted Bull and then the bird eats the frog and it, you know what I mean. Yep. But it's just because you can't see it doesn't mean that it's not, it Scales up. Yeah. And, and out and within And, and in, yeah. Forever. Yeah. That's the reality of it. So it's not just we're poisoning the water, we're poisoning ourselves.


Yeah. And, and of course, you know, again, I I, I would like to think the earth is is a strong thing, but And, I don't get wrapped up in it. But it's like I mean, if you shit in, if you live in your own shit, you get sores, you know? Yeah. you know what I mean. Right. Hence the plague. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. There's a, the, this is just, when you think about the, the universe as a whole, it's just too big for our brains. And we don't think, we just think about our neighborhood or our lives or our personal problems or our bills or Our TikTok. Yeah. Nonsense. And it's just thinking about nonsense seems easy. you Know what people think about that they can buy shoes that they don't have to touch to put their feet in.


I see this Order. 'em, I, I see, I see a commercial and the guy walks over, there're like, never touch your shoes again. I'm like, wow. you know what I mean? Like finally, Oh, slide shoes you could slide into. Yeah. And I'm like, amazing. Everything is, everyone relax, you know? You never have to touch your shoe. What if I want to touch my shoes? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, some people don't understand. They want comfort, you know? And, and some people, especially if you're doing something you don't enjoy, you, you think of struggle as like your job or work. And then once you're not doing that, you don't want any struggle. You just want relaxation. But isn't It funny also that our culture is dictating a certain health thing?


Take the sober challenge, go to the gym, buy these gym clothes and walk around in them, do all this, but we're not gonna take care of anything else. Right. you know what I mean? Like, like, you don't care about our mental health. Right. You don't really care about our health. you know what I mean? You don't do anything. But it's like, but culturally, let's start putting this out there. you know what I mean? Like why, you know, there's, when I first went to New York City, there were bars and bookstores and weird junk stores and all sorts of things that weren't corporate. And now it's just gyms and banks. And, I. Think I don't really go to the gym. but I, imagine you could get an ATM in the gym next door to the bank with the at TM you know what I mean?


I'm sure you could A lot of gyms. I'm sure I have ATMs. Yeah. I'm just saying, you know, like, be healthy. Be, you know what I mean? Yeah. But I'm like, it is funny. Like, well, I think it's, there's nothing that's saying to you be cerebral. you know what I mean there? There's not a lot out there. you know, you watch Old Dick Katt shows, they're smart people then they're not promoting a movie or a fucking book or what. They're just talking about ideas and philosophy and art and their culture and the society. Yeah. Even what was his name? Mike Douglas show. There's Yeah. Muhammad Ali. Yeah. And John Lennon, and then some senator from Oklahoma or whatever, you know, like Yeah. They're just talking.


It's, you could do that back then. Now it's gotta be, you know, the interview is pre done. It's about the, the mood. They show the, you Know, what I mean, but that's only on television. But that's also why podcasts are so popular. True, true. Just that you can just kind of talk about anything. You have a new Yeah. Place that's also not under the scrutiny of having to play commercials every five seconds. It's also, that's a big factor, but it's also not under anybody else's direction or advice. Yeah. That's what's really important. Yet How can you No, no, I know. I'm just, if I'm not doing it, it's not gonna Happen. I'm just being cynical. I'm just being Cynical. But I mean if I'm not doing it at my level of the game, if I'm not doing it, like, you don't have to do it. You just don't, you don't have to. All you have to do is make something that resonates with people and avoid anybody else's input.


I've had a lot of bad input come my way that I've ignored, you know? And especially in the early days when things started to kind of take off. Everybody has an opinion about how you can grow this thing to the next level, which is always, they wanna talk about, you know, how to take the show to the next level. you know, thought about having more celebrity, the more this and that and that everyone has advice and, but maybe just avoid these kind of topics or maybe this and that. And like, as long as you don't have any input from other people, then whether people like it or don't like it, it at least it's you. It's you and the people you're talking to. And it's a real thing. It's not a, it's Not a promotional thing. Right. It's not a by this or, right. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. It just exists as, which is Just one dimension of things.


Yes. And, and you know, it's nice to be clean cut and your teeth are wide and you're smiling and you're selling shit. you know what I mean by the way? I got a pair of shoes. You don't even have to touch 'em. Like, what size are you? Don don't even understand that. But it's just, if I could walk Around, if I walk around like a 18th century French Duke, I would, you know, I mean, Look at that jacket that, that is a rock and roll fucking jacket. I've been looking at that thinking the moment I saw you. Could I wear that? don don't know if I could pull that off. You muscles are too big to get in. Well, I mean, I Can get one tailored that. Yeah, We get you One. but I'm just thinking don don't know if I could pull that off out in public. People are like, what are you doing dude, as a comedian? Like, you can't be too cool unless you're Kat Williams.


I knew you were gonna say Williams cat could be cool as fuck. I'll tell you why. Kat Williams is cool. 'cause he's still out there talking shit. And an 8-year-old beat him up that time. Remember that shit? 11-year-old kid in the hood grabbed that motherfucker in the headlock. He is like, yeah. He is like, let go of me. And he is like laying on the ground. And I was like, man, you gotta have some, you gotta be cool to come back from that. Well, He's just real, you know, it just, he is who he is and everybody loves him, but that guy can wear anything. but I can't, I can't wear sparkly shoes, you know? Dude, that's amazing. Look At him in his fur code. Just fucking giant rings. He's, he's an awesome dude too. Fun guy. Really cool, real. I only gotta beat I to hear it. The one time where I did a podcast with him and, you know, and it was because he did another podcast where we said, Cho world never have me on his podcast, And.


I'm like, I'll have you on anytime you want. Like, we just never talk. I never met him before. Oh really? No. And then finally, I him, I thought comedians were like drummers. They all know each other. you know, every drummer knows every drummer and every band. Well, I know everybody else. I just never met him. Isn't Funny. That's Funny. He was already so huge that when he would stop by in comedy clubs, This is like, after the Pimp Chronicles, he would only like go buy a, you know, we'd go to a bunch of different clubs and if you weren't there when Kat was there, you missed him. So he only came to the comedy store like a handful of times. And the Comedy Store was, that was my haunt. And that's where I went with all my friends and all the, you know, the best comics in la And of course we all collaborated at the comedy store. And. I never got to see him there. I mean, I'd heard he was like, smack somebody once.


Like somebody got a fight with somebody in the front porch one night. I missed it, you know? but I just, I'd always admired him. I thought, and I'd always talk nice about him. I didn't understand why he thought I wouldn't have him on the podcast. But once I met him, he's a joy. He's a, he's a funny, smart dude who's a lot of what he's saying, he knows what the fuck he's doing. He's like very tongue in cheek and very just having a good time with it. But he's a genuine character, like a genuine, unique character. I would love to meet him. Oh, He's great. You'd love him. Very smart dude too. Very, very. if I see him at the airport, I'll, I'll say, yo man, you like this jacket. He might be able to fit in that. It'll be a little long. but I have to get the sleeves taken in, so Yeah.


Where the fuck do you get that jacket? you know, I, my, my wife got me this jacket. It's pretty dope. Yeah. She got good taste. Yeah, She truly does. Yeah. And then you're wearing about 10 pounds of silver. Yeah, that's true. They call me the silver stacker. don don't know if you know that. That's what the kids call it. My daughter calls it that. Which wears a bunch of, that's my stack man. Stacks. They have Stacks, I mean To my stack. I'm just learning about these things. I just Gotta be careful not to fall in the pool, you know? Yeah. But I just love when rock stars stay rock stars. It's nothing bums me out more than seeing an old rock star in a golf shirt. I'm like, dude, Yeah. Yeah. Come On man. You gotta hang in there. you know? And I know you're 60, Fucking 60 there, bro.


I just saw the Stones. They're 80. They look, bro, They're amazing. I mean amazing. I love I mean. I'm wearing, I have stones. I mean The Stones are everything. They're, I love the Rolling Stones. I love, I always have. And I've, we, the Black Crows toured with them in 1995. We did all the Europe with them. We did Wimbley Stadium with them. I've, you know, I've got, you know, I've got to hang with Keith and Ron. I've, you know, that's hung with Mick a little bit. They're the fucking Rolling Stones, you know. And so my wife, And I, and my 14-year-old daughter who lives on the East Coast, she was with us for the few weeks this summer. I'm like, let's go. you know what I mean? I haven't seen them in a while. And we went And, I went without any, I don't, you know what I mean?


I went with nothing. I wasn't going in with any expectation except to pay my, you know, be there with everyone and see the Rolling Stones Right. And, and be there. And they were great. Mick Jagger's voice was incredible. Incredible. At eight years I mean his Energy and stuff's incredible. But his singing I mean they did wild horses that night. And I looked over and my 14-year-old was like crying. And I was like, wow, I'm so proud of you. you know? She's feeling it so deep. And yeah, great. Midnight Rambler, the this, they're in a stadium with just like eight. Ronnie and Keith just had like two speakers on stage and still playing. A lot of bands don't play live anymore.


They have their digital shit through the pa. There's not even any sound on stage. Wow. It's all through their in ears. And to me, that's really weird. Mm. Whatever it takes for you to get the gig. I'm hip too. People do what I've seen cool shows like that. But personally, I like a lot of sonic chaos. You, You want a reel? Yeah. Yeah. I wanna feel It. I saw them at Coda, the Circuit of the Americas a couple years ago. Yeah. And you know, it's just, when you watch Mick Jagger walk out on the stage, you almost can't believe he's really there. Like, how is that really him? I told my wife, he's like a Sasquatch, but every but everyone's seen him. Right. It's like he and he's still out there. I remember Bill Hicks had a bit in 1988 about The Stones still doing it.


Yeah. In 1988 about there's, it was this crazy thing. Oh my God. The Stones have a new album. Like what? This is 88. Yeah. And here we are in 2024 and they're still out there killing it. And this show was amazing. It was amazing. Amazing. It's so Good. I was the best. I mean the best. I, I consider myself a midnight rambler, a fishing auto. One of the best midnight ramblers I've ever heard. Oh, They were so good, Man. It was so good. And people were, you know what I mean? Just it was, it was really, I'm so happy that we went to SoFi Stadium. you Know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. I, I was just, it was great, you know? 'cause I, I will admit sometimes, and Okay, let's be honest, I get access to backstage.


you know, we have a, it's cool, but sometimes in big places like that, something ha I get a little bit like, not because of that, people would know who you were. I just get weird around giant crowds. Right, right, right. I did when I was little. I didn't like theme park. you know, all sorts of weird stuff. Yeah. but I was so cool. I was so inspired. you know what I mean? Yeah. That guy I like floated out of there so happy. That guy has two trailers that he takes with him everywhere that are just a gym. Two huge trailers that are just like Mick Jagger works out every day. And when he gets out on that stage, and like, he's fucking 80. I know he might be 81 now. if I live to be 80, you could come find me.


I'm gonna be 300 pounds living in Sicily. And, and they're gonna, you know, those beautiful painted wagons, they'll drag me around and it like, But you won't even get to 300 pounds eating their food. No, You don't. That's what's crazy. I know. That's when you realize we're being poisoned. Yeah. When you eat in Europe for a week and you don't gain any weight, you're like, this is nuts. I had pizza. I had pasta. I didn't feel bad. You come over here, you feel like you got hit with a tranquilizer dart. Yeah. Like, we're fucking poisoning ourselves. You won't get to 300 pounds if you live in Sicily. No, no. Unless you drink a lot of fucking wine. Yeah. And even the wine is like, it's Better. Well, it's just, there's something about like, just the air there. Just something about the, the atmosphere. You know, I'm not a, you know, I'm not, I have no, I'm engli We're, we are pretty much in our DNA English and then like a big scoop of Polish Jew on top.


you know what? Not even a big scoop. At this point. Both my grandfather and my dad were shiksa loving Jewish men who've whittled me and my brother down to about 20%. And, but when I'm don don't know. There's, I, there's something about there that is. So just don don't know. I, I have a, I I love to go to Paris, but Paris isn't relaxing. you know, I'm out. All we doing stuff. I love London. I love Madrid. I love lots of places. I love Rome. I love lots of places in the world. There's something about Sicily, man. I'm like, just, I'm, I'm in what, you know what I mean? Yeah. Like This is, like you said, it's something about the lifestyle just so laid back.


And it's, maybe I like it because it's a bit of anachronism. I think you know what I mean. Like you're going, you feel like you've stepped out of the same pace and or rhythm of the modern future world that we see every Day. Yes. It's a different vibration. It's a different I mean, and then everybody's doing it that way too. So you sort of settle into their way of life. You sort of settle into their pace of things. It's more Relaxing. And then if you need a shot of adrenaline, just hit Palermo. 'cause that place is wild. Oh, I'm sure it is So good. Is it still run by the mob? I don't, they say no. Oh. Then yes, They say that it doesn't exist anymore.


But, but if I remember there was a big scandal during lockdown in some small town in Sicily. Or maybe it was Palermo I don. I, I'd have to research it, that they, the police were upset because some old mob guy had died and they had a giant parade. No one like was No, yeah. Everyone was just out there. Old people, you know, everyone was out there doing their thing for Don, whoever it was who was not with us anymore. And I was like, okay. They didn't want that story out. you know what I mean? Yeah. Well the, those people ran that place for a long ass time. you know, they're an integrated part of their society. Like the Yakuza is in Japan.


Yeah. It's just for a very long time. For a very long time. you know, the way, the way it works. Have you ever seen a funny movie called Johnny Stino? No. With Roberto Bellini, a Italian comedic actor. No. It's, he would love it. Yeah. It's so funny. It's from the eighties. And he Stino is a toothpick. Yeah. So he is Johnny Toothpick and it's that, what's the story of, it's a famous story that, you know, he, he's a school teacher in Naples or whatever, but he look, or in Italy. And he and this girl whose wife or lover, whatever, some big gangster in, in Sicily, she see, he, he's trying to, he's in hiding.


'cause he did like ratted on someone. don don't know something. She sees him and he looks just like him. So she brings him to Sicily and he's like walking around. People are like, yo, what are you doing? you know what I mean? Like, so it's that kind of thing. Oh, okay. But it's unbelievably funny movie. It's insane. Do you remember there was an Italian singer who created a very popular song where it was fake American lyrics, God if trying to remember his name. But it was a song where he's singing fake words that sound like he's seeing like the Rolling Stones or, or, or, or you know, the Beatles or something like that. But he's doing it with fake words because like, what he thinks American songs sound like.


But it's gibberish. This is the guy, what is his name? Adriano Sano. Gimme some, gimme some volume on this. Wow. Listen. But it's really cool. That's amazing. I love that. You should listen. That that's a cool song too. This song is very cool. There's a couple different versions of it. This is like a live performance of it. But there's, there's another one that's like a music video of it. And it's like, really fucking interesting what that guy did. That's Cool. That's really good. Yeah. He just made up fake American music. It's fucking great. I'm gonna do that next week. Why not? Fuck it I mean. you know, that's, there's, there's a lot of songs that have like, words that aren't really words. you know, they're just kind of like sounds, you know, Dan Auerbach talks about that from the Black Keys.


like a lot of times when he sings things, he's just like, making up sounds, making up words. Mick Jagger did it. Yeah. I'm Sure. Yeah. Or he took words and mashed them into something that was more, Especially live in the seventies. He has a lot of vowels going on. And you're like, don don't know what he said. So good. But man, he's not lost any of the energy. If you watch like, his old performances and now it's just an older guy doing the same vibe. I mean He, they, it is also very cool. 'cause they play everything in the same key. you know, you'll find a lot of older And I get it, man. It's, you know, singing is, singing is a physical thing. I mean what? My one thing, it's kind of like the muse. Like, if I stopped singing, it would go away.


Mm. you know what I mean? if I didn't sing, you know, if I I'm gonna take two years off, I, I would never, it would never get back to where, where my voice is. Why is that? It's just the nature of the physicality. I think, you know what I mean, especially as it's 35 years, 40 years of singing. So it's like you're working muscles in your neck. Your Vocal cords are just muscles. Yeah. Wow. And you're working 'em on a regular basis. Yeah. And they can get outta shape. Yeah. And phy and then And. I and then like that. And then it just won't come back. Oh, wow. Or it won't come back to where I'd like to, like my, I really like where my voice is. you know what I mean? Yeah. I say we sing the songs in the same keys, you know? Hmm. It was funny, we played the Forum.


We were the first concert in the forum, LA Forum after Covid. And it was a bit, I had never played there. It was a big night. It was, you know, friends and family. It was great. But George Deus, who's produced our first records, first two records, and signed the band after the show, he was like, if I had known you'd still be singing them 30 whatever years later. We would, we could've put the keys out for you. you know, that was like, that was like, that wasn't how it worked back then. Because, you know, in rock and roll, you get, you know, you have the verse and then you get to the chorus and you want to get it exciting. So yeah, you want to knock it up a notch, you know? But we don't change them either. And, I, I like that I mean, my voice has changed, obviously, but, But it's still the same key.


do, do you wonder how long you're gonna do it? Do you ever think about stopping? I don't. I do sometimes I mean it, you know, the pandemic was funny for me because at first, not financial three things or whatever. It was just like, you know, since I was a teenager, pretty much, this is what we do. We tour and we do concerts and we'd make music, blah, blah, blah. And I was like, maybe I'm gonna go a little kooky not doing it. And then I really I mean I had horrible days like everyone else and, you know, despair and fear and stuff of the unknown.


But a lot of those days, like I, I was like, I have a lot of interests. you know what I mean? I have a lot of other, I'd like to write a book. I'd maybe like to write more than one book. you know, find my voice outside of the musician in another artistic way or whatever. And just ex loving my wife and living life. Yeah. And, you know, yeah. Moving to Sicily. But a lot of those things, you, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm not ready to do that now. But also I look ahead and I'm like, do if, do I want to be on stage when I'm 75? Do I want to, there's a difference if I have to, I don't know, I guess I'll call it when I, if I'm lucky enough to get to 75, you know what I mean?


I, I get through the end of the week. you know what I mean, but I do. I love it. But it, but, but for the, that event gave me the perspective of there's other, I don't want, you know, what I mean. I would hate to be, I've always hated the idea that this is all I could do. That might sound weird, but No, no, it's a great thought because I'm born to do it. I love that kind of scenario. Like, you know, like, this is my wife's like, when I watch you we're friends. When I see you in your element, this is obviously what you're supposed to do. Yeah. But, but I I think I have am I don't know if ambition is the right word, but I definitely have interest in things that have nothing to do with this.


Yeah. you know? Well, that's Part of being a human, right? Yeah. You don't wanna be isolated to one specific interest. And I, there's so many fascinating things. And the isolation. That's a thing too. And I I'm really happy with. Would, would, would, could we have a le level of success that's greater or whatever? Yeah. Maybe don don't know. But the one thing I like about my life is I, I, I'm not the kind of, I'm not so well known that I still can't do my own grocery shopping. Right. I cook, I love to cook. I like to go to the market. I like to pick out my shit. you know? Or that you can't get, you know what I mean that we, we have access to the whole world. you know, And, I don't have to worry about anyone giving a shit.


you know, what I mean? Yeah. About, or the people that do like it, that come up to me wherever I am in the world, they're usually real fans. They're not celebrity people. Right. Right. Right. Yeah. So they're like, man, I saw you at the, when you played this song. you know, and that's the other thing about music. It's like rock music. you know, you can be the, you can do a lot of stuff. But, you know, one thing about the songs we've written, And I meet people and people play the songs we've written at weddings and at funerals, you know what I mean? Not just parties and not just things. Right. But like, you know, my brother, I wrote, you know, when we wrote, she talks to angels. I get, I I am, I always have time.


And I'm always humbled by people's experiences with that song and addiction and things in their lives. Whether it's them a family member that loss, or people that have overcome things. you know, what I mean and that we, you know, just wrote that song one day when we were kids. And that means so much to people. Yeah. I mean, there's a lot of songs like that in our repertoire that people come up to. I mean really funny things sometimes. Like people will pick some song. I'm like, that was your wedding song. I'm like, okay. It's weird. Jealous. Or, or, or more obscure even really, you know, like some weird, like this song called nonfiction. Like we walked down the aisle to non, I'm like the nonfiction Really?


It's kind of a dark song. you know what I mean? Well that's a, you're you're giving out, you know, with music it's like, it's an art form that changes people's feeling. It's, when you hear a great song, it literally gives you energy completely. It, it's a drug. It really is. It's like an, an audio and Not exactly the same. Mm. I mean we, I I mean it's maddening to be with me. 'cause it's, this is the only time during this day that I don't have music on. Mm. but I you know what I mean, but I listen to French music from the twenties. And I listened to like Peruvian Cumbias from the seventies. Yeah. Or avant garde electronic composers, whatever, you know, or blues and rock and roll and jazz and fun and RB and or whatever.


But a lot. Yeah. you know, like, well That means you're doing the right thing. Right? Like, you really love It. Well, I also need it, like you just said, not only just for energy, but like for some sustenance, soulful connection as well. And Yeah. you know, when, especially with, you know, when I was younger, we all suffer from depression. And some people have a more acute relationships with that. But you know, if there's a certain melancholy that comes over me, there's only some artist that can, I can sail across that deep water with, you know, what I mean to kind of assure me that I'm not the only, we're not the only ones that feel this way.


We're not the only ones that, or, you know, life is, life is that that is what it is. you know what I mean. Like you're not, no matter how rich you are, no matter how successful you are, no matter who you are, you still have to deal with the ups and downs of it. Absolutely. And, I think adversity is the thing that really makes us who we are. you know, that's one thing as like being a, a father, I'm like, I'm not afraid of the adversity my kids face. As a matter of fact, that's what I really want to get to is how, 'cause what makes us who we are is how we deal with adversity. And if you don't deal with any adversity, it's not good. And if you Push it under the table or this or that and avoid it, yeah.


Then, then where are you? you know what I mean? Yeah. You're lost. Where's the and and the great, and it's, these things are cliches, but the greatest lessons are the hardest ones. you know what I mean? Those are the ones that stick to you the most. Yes. And those are the ones that make you grow. I have a great friend who's in a fantastic band. They just opened for us. We've been friends, they're called, his name is Jim Jones. This band's called the Jim Jones All Stars. He was in a band called De Hypnotics. And, and we've known each other for 30 years. And he went through really deep heroin addiction in the nineties. And, and it's funny to talk to him.


And, I love him. you know, he's, but he's like, yeah, man, it was something, it was a lesson. you know what I mean? I'm like, that's a fucking tough lesson, And. I'm happy you're still here to talk about it. but I love his attitude. you know what I mean? I love that spirit in people. Mm. you know what I mean? That it didn't, you know, I learned from this and I've moved on from this. And I don't have any regrets. And don don't have any resentment towards this or anger towards about it. And it's, no one's doing but my own. Mm. That responsibility to take responsibility for stuff, you know, is a big, and that's, that's important. And I think we see a lot of that gone away. you know what I mean with people and every story is different.


you know what I mean and every that not everything is the same. And, and the the what is real and what isn't real between there, that's for everyone to figure out for people, you know? Yeah. But, But the fact that that can be captioned in a song and like you said, sort of carry you through these bad moments, we realize like other people are experiencing grief, hardship, depression, darkness, terrible thoughts of loss. And that's the reason why those songs are so popular. It's not like people want to suffer. Like no, there's like something they're resonating with. And anger is a part of that too. you know what I mean? Like, and it's funny, like with the newer music, I'm like, do you guys like, the world looks pretty shitty.


Aren't you guys pissed a little bit? Are you just like, no, I'm just going to get some likes and my pants fit right and my hair is good. I'm like, okay, I get pop music is light sometimes, but I would like for the young people to, you know, I'd like to see in the art a little more anger or Well, I'd like to see more rock. Yeah. You know, it's like when I'm looking at music coming up today, there's a, a great absence of strong new rock bands that, that seem like rock bands from the past. Guitar bass. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yes. I mean God damnit people still love that music. What the fuck is going on? Yeah. You go see ac DC there at a fucking stadium.


Yes. You go see Metallica. They're at a stadium. Yes. So people are going, So what the fuck happened? I mean, where, where is everybody? I Mean, I think it's definitely there. It's just, it's, it's again, the, the, I think people for some reason think the music business is supposed to be the gauge or the, they're just like any other fucking salesman. They always have been just because one salesman had a cool taste and one didn't, don't kid yourself. Right. They're not artists. Right. They're salesmen and there's cool people and not cool people. Right. But they're not, you know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I think like now we live in a time and you see it a lot. You see people making comments about it and in art industry about how you're just following.


Whereas before, yeah, you had things that were popular, but someone, you know, someone said, fuck sign the Stooges. Yeah. Yeah. You know, Danny Fields did that, but he had great taste. But he was still a, a record company guy. The business side of it. Someone, you know, And I mean. Someone said sign Susie in the Banes or whatever. Someone said, dude I mean Bob Dylan, you didn't know when they made first Bob Dylan record that he'd be 83 years old Bob Dylan today. you know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. And a lot of people said, don't sign him. He's not marketable, he's not commercial. And you know, that's my thing where I'm, I'm looking for still the maverick spirit or somebody who does have the wherewithal and or vision to see that maybe something is a little bit outside the box.


Still could have not just, it would have importance. And it can be popular as well. Well, Of course. And it always has been that way. The idea that that can't, that everyone has a short attention span now and we're interested in frivolous things. No, that's not true. That's just still junk food. It's still junk food. Right. And there's still people that like a nice meal. I'm glad you're out there dude. Thanks. Thanks for doing this. I really appreciate it. Thanks for having a lot of fun. It was super fun. Really enjoyed talking to you. We got to talk about a lot of weird stuff. Yes sir. Thank you very much. Cheers. Bye everybody.