
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The. Joe Rogan. Experience Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night. All day. Cheers, Sir. Cheers. Good to see him at night too. Awesome. To be at the club last night. Yeah, it was fun. Having you last night was fun. It's a good night. Really Fun. Yeah. It's a fun place, man. Yeah. Little Disneyland. Yeah. It also is like a throwback. I'm like, I I left Koni on Monday. I was like, I haven't had my shirt smell like cigarettes in a while. Yeah. All those guys in the green room were smoking cigarettes. I'd had one. I don't smoke, it's, but I was like, I was like, I was like, oh hell. One, what the hell? What the hell? Yeah. That's a what the hell room. Yeah. This is a I mean, it's one of those things like create something with like this intention and you kind of hope that it'll work out good.


Yeah. But that place almost sort of made itself into what it is. It's like, it's gotta energy to it. I think it's also 'cause of that building. And that building was made in 1927 and everybody's performed there. Willie Nelson performed there. Stevie Ray Vaughn, like you look in the wall, black flag all the walls inside the green room, all those posters, those are all bands. Misfits. All bands that performed there. Wow. Because it was rock club for a long time and then it, The whole thing, it was like all, but it's a big venue though. I don't know if it was two different rooms. I think at one point in time it was just one room. Yeah. And then I think with the Alamo Draft house, they turned it into two rooms. Then it was a movie theater for like 10 years.


And then when they went under, we had the two rooms, then we just adjusted everything and changed a lot of stuff and turned it into a comedy club. Yeah. It's cool as fuck. But it's got that building's alive, man. Yeah. Like you walk in the building and you're like, this fucking building's alive. It feels like everyone's a comedy fan too. And you walk in. Yeah. It's it's pretty cool. Yeah. You build it, they will come. It's like the field of dreams. Yeah. Not for everybody. For you. For you. It is, but not for everybody. What Do you mean? Well, I mean not a lot of people are building comedy clubs. They don't come. Yeah. But they don't do it that way. You did it right. But We did it. I swear to God. I mean it sounds stupid. I don't believe in fate necessarily. don don't not believe in fate. But I'm not like one of those people that's like preaching it.


if I wanted to believe in fate, though, I would believe in fate because of this. 'cause it's like every, it's like you ever drive and you just hit every green light for whatever Reason. I can't drive. You don't drive. I, I have a license, but I'm dog shit. I, it hurt me as a young comic because Joe List would always shit on me. 'cause we did a row gig, like, I wanna say like almost 15 years ago together, where I got us the gig. It was co headlining, but it was a casino run. And the thing was like, you have to split the driving. It was like 30 hours of driving total. So he is like, can you split the driving with me? I said, of course. And we got, I already fucked up. 'cause like we flew into the wrong city on the wrong day. 'cause of me. I was such a fucking young idiot. So, so we flew into like Michigan, it was supposed to start in Wisconsin.


And he was like, you fuck we're prorated. I was like, I fucked this. We're prorated. And then he was already mad at me. And then he's like, all right, it's your turn to drive. And. I started driving. He was like, what the fuck is happening? This is horrible. And and he always quotes me as saying like, no, I'm not a bad driver. I I just can't turn. Well. And he was like, yeah, that's a bad drive for you. Fucking idiot. So he tells this story about me all the time being like, like a city. He calls me a city hick. That's like, he started calling me that, but I. Yeah. I can't really. I have a license. I passed the test, but I'm, I'm dog shit. It's not that hard though. I know. I'm that bad. I don't know why I'm that bad at It. That's so weird. You're so smart. I would imagine You, But you smart to talk to. Oh, thank You. I I'm a bad driver.


You're Good socially. Thank you, man. So I would imagine, thank you. You're easy to talk to. So I would imagine you'd fucking be able to negotiate the distances between vehicles and turn the wheel. I, I bullshit my way through a license. I didn't. I failed two tests in New York. They were in the Bronx. And then I got a driver who, I made her laugh outta the gate. And. I was like, I'm in. Like, I knew. I just said like, I suck at this. I failed two. Please don't fail me. And she laughed. And I was like, I'm in, I'm gonna And I hit something. And she passed me. Wow. Would you hit not A, I don't remember. It was so, I, it was a cone or something. It was like, oh, okay. Something Minor. It was minor. Yeah. It was a kid. It was nothing. Not a big deal. I drunk, I hit a kid. But she was like, you, you got, you got me to laugh, man. I can't imagine not being able to drive because it's just like, it's free driving is freedom.


Yeah. If you can't drive and there's a car there, like, what the fuck? It's also stuck waiting on somebody To have someone else drive you though, If that still happens. That's true. If everything goes sideways and there's no more Uber and no more Lyft. Yeah. And you have to figure out how to work a stick shift. I'm in trouble. Yeah, You're in real trouble. Yeah. If there's a, if there's a civil war, yeah. It's gonna be hard to hail a cab. Yeah. If there's a civil war, where are you gonna go? I think I'm gonna cave pretty early. Are you? No. I don't know. I don't know what I'll do. Come Here. Really? Yeah. I'm welcome here. Yeah. All right. Yeah, for sure. And if it goes sideways, you want to be in Texas because this place is already ready to be its own country.


But, But why do you guys want me? What do I bring to the table? Funny. Alright. That's all you need. I'll take it. Good guy. Good guy. Funny. Good to hang with. That's all we need. I want bad set though. They're gonna, there's gonna be a talk later. Nah, you gotta cut this guy. Nah, we've seen too many good sets. I'm not buying it one bad set. You just need a pep talk. That's like Theo Vaughn Does he, oh, I did a gig with him once and he was, we did a gig in, in Edmonton together. And he was so in his head when I was like, they were like, obsessed with you. What are you worried about? But he Didn't get in his head. We got, we had to cancel the fuck. This was crazy. I that when in Edmonton and there was like a wildfires in Edmonton. And this is how different personalities we are. Like, I'm fucking in my, I'm like, oh, the show is gonna be canceled.


We're not gonna be able to perform out here. This is like bad air quality. And he's like, nah man, it's cool. And then within 10 minutes the agents called and they were like, the city shut down. You can't, and This is like right after Covid. So I'm like, we can't perform indoors. We can't perform outdoors. Like, can we do fucking anything? And and they were like, will you stay an extra day? And we're like, of course. And then we, we were like, the air will be better. Right. And they're like, it's the next day. 10 times worse. Wow. Like you couldn't, it, it smelled like a casino. Jesus, but outdoors. Were you in New York when they had that orange smoke in the air? I was, I felt so whenever something bad happens in New York and I'm not there, I feel like a traitor because I'm such a city hick. But no, I was on, I was like, I think the second time I did my own tour bus, so I was like really pumped to be on the road.


And I saw that. I was like, I'm a piece of shit. That's Canadian smoke too. Yeah. That was Canadian smoke. That was weird. The orange thing was weird. It's, it's like end of the, there's a lot of end of the world shit happening lately. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. A lot. The orange thing was weird too, because there was this great conspiracy because there was some missing chemicals. There was apparently missing chemicals, like serious amounts. Does it always have to be like a comic book? Yeah. you know, it's always so fucking creepy. I know. Well, the whole world is like basically some bizarre movie now know. I know the Trump thing, the shooter, the, all the stuff that's coming out about the shooter now. Yeah. The more you read about it, the more you're like, what is going on? Yeah. It's Like a BlackRock thing too, right? Yeah. Yeah. He did a BlackRock commercial.


They knew that there was a suspicious person 10 minutes before Trump went on stage. They still went let him go on stage. They saw him on the fucking roof and they didn't engage. Yeah. They saw him on the roof with a rifle. It's A bad secret. Secret service right there. They wouldn't put secret service agents on the roof. 'cause they said there was a slope to the roof. Right. And it would be dangerous. It's more dangerous if the president ex-president get shot, bro. Which he did. They let Him get off. The kid got off three shots and apparently the, there was one that we saw that hit his ear and you see the bullet, like the photographer got a bullet. I saw that Flying by his head. Yeah. But apparently there's another one of a bullet going by his left side of his head. So it went by the right side of his head, hit his ear.


It went by the left side of his head as well. 'cause the guy got off three shots. Yeah. And he just missed Trump every time There was, there was the one shot of him like turning his head. And I'm like, are you fucking kidding me? It was that close dude. It's So crazy. Yeah. It's so crazy. And the fact that they had such poor security guarding him like they did such a terrible job There. My uncle, the guy was there convinced it's bullshit there. My uncle is like, there's no way this is real don. Don't Think it's not real. But look, here's the deal. Okay. I'm not accusing anybody of anything. Just wanna be real clear. Yeah. But they have organized assassinations before. Sure. And when they organize usually Starts a war Assassinations. It looks just like that. And when they organize assassinations, one of the things they like to do is have some fucking loser kill the president and then they kill the fucking loser.


And that's a wrap. Yeah. That kind of like stops all the leads. Oh man. Everything's like, where's he go? So they have his phone. They say they can't get into his phone. Bitch, I know you read my text messages. Yeah. Well how you taking so long down to break into this kid Kid's phone. How can you not get in that kid's phone? It's always shady. Right? They always die instantly. Like Kennedy assassination too. like a nightclub owner kills Lee Harvey Oswald. Yeah. I'm supposed to believe there's a nightclub owner with a heart of gold Out there. Runs right up and shoots him in front of cops. Yeah. What is this? The end of shaft duh. What the fuck is going on? End shaft? No, it's like, it's Ridiculous. Superly. That was the end of Superfly. The new shaft ended like that too. Oh. The end of Superfly.


He, he tells him something stupid like that. It's cinematic as fuck. It all feels like a movie. Yeah. It seems like a bad movie from the seventies. Yeah. It's weird. That's how every seventies movie ended by the way. A guy just gets shot in the face. Right. There's A lot of that. Every movie you're just like, it's like a guy gets shot in the face and then the credits and you're like, I guess this is The guy on the roof is just bananas. Yeah. That roof was 150 yards away. And if you are a good shot with a rifle, hitting a human being at 150 yards is quite easy. I don't know if his rifle had a scope. I'm assuming it had a scope. Yeah. Someone said he was using iron sites. Can you Find out? But but he but he wasn't like set up in advance.


He just went up there. Right. I mean that's, that's how they, He had a range finder. Hmm. Okay. So the kid was walking around the, the whole perimeter of the area with a range finder, which is instantaneously if your secret service, you see someone, the range finder walking 150 yards where the president is. You tackle that fucking guy. You don't let that guy get on a ladder. Yeah. This is your Super Bowl. What the fuck are you doing? Not he brought a Ladder. The guy didn't just bring a rifle. He got through there with a rifle and a ladder. don don't know what kind of rifle it is. I know if it's kind of rifle where you could disassemble and reassemble like an assassin. Like screw it together. Yeah. But what a, whatever it is.


All of it stinks. Yeah. Every part of it Stinks. And every person who talks about 'em, it's like the classic incel. Like never spoke. Never. This is this, this was an old bit of mine. I was like, that should be the, the rea that should be, if you want a gun, you have to be a good conversationalist. You better be chatty. 'cause that's like every person who does these shootings things or, or assassinations. It's like they're the quiet, creepy fucking dude. Yeah. It's very strange. The whole thing's very strange. There was also photos of him that where he, we had long hair and wear lipstick and looked like a girl. I think that was bullshit though. Yeah. I think That was, think that was bullshit too. But that's, that's a problem. Like everything's bullshit now. Yeah. The commercials, the BlackRock commercial and then there's some videos of him in high school talking about having a 10 inch penis.


He looks like he's just having fun with his boys. That there's a video of him saying he is a 10 inch penis. Yeah. Yeah. But it's like he's joking around, you know? Yeah. Like I have a 10 inch penis. you know, like that kind of thing. Weird dude. Just a weird kid. Yeah. But how did he get in the BlackRock commercial? What happened after that? Don don't know. I mean if I was the CIA, let's just, let's not even say CIA. Let's say if I was some shadowy intelligence agency that did these, you know, undercover operations that are a little sketchy. I don't like find kids like that. That's that's your money maker. Yeah. That's how you do it. If you got a plan, you wanna do something, you get some guy that's basically got nothing going on in life.


And then, you know, you mentor him, become friends with him. Maybe that guy's dad is a alcoholic who beats him. you know, maybe his mom is a, a fucking a junkie. Who knows. Yeah. Maybe he's like, his life is terrible. And you can provide mentorship and you can provide, you know, just comradery. Something. Something like, wow, I mean I wish I was a secret agent. you know? And then you tell this guy, you tell this kid, Hey, you know you could help America. Yeah. you know, we can work you into the program. You could be one of Us. So now you are saying conspiracy. I'm, I'm, listen, you're Entertaining it. Conspiracies Are real sure they're real I mean whatever the fuck happened in Dallas, Texas in 1963. It's not what they tell you.


Yeah. That's one thing. 100%. Of course you're gonna be sure that is, there is no objective journalism with no slant, not leaving anything out. Whatever happened with Lee Harvey Oswald and the Mo Case and Kennedy and having some beef with the CCIA and some weird shit over maybe Bay of Pigs or something. Right. Like they immediately How About Alan Dulles? Who he fires. Yeah. He fires and then he gets assassinated and Alan Dulles is running the Warren Commission. He's a part of the Warren Commission. It's, It's shady. So much Kennedy shit over the years is so shady. The Shadiest. Yeah. The shadiest. That he's the biggest indicator, the biggest piece of evidence that someone from somewhere organized together to kill that guy.


Yeah. It wasn't just Lee Harvey Oswald. Although I'm of the opinion that Lee Harvey Oswald was also a part of it. Yeah. Because everybody wants it to be binary. Right. They want it to be one or zero. Yes or no. Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone or he was just a patsy. But that guy clearly was also doing something with intelligence agencies. 'cause he was able to go back and forth to Russia. He learned Russia. He married a Russian woman. Yes. Came back to America. And Then, and he was also living very well when he was over there. He was spending money that like, you're not making this on whatever per diem horse shit you're making over there. Like Exactly. He was like going to nightclubs and shit. Yeah. Yeah. The whole story sucks.


Yeah. The whole story seems like he was some sort of undercover operative, Like he was getting paid out. Yeah. And then I think that's how They do it. They make you think you're a part of something and then they pin the whole thing on you. And then, you know, I think there's probably multiple shooters. I think there's probably mul, the grassy knoll thing seems super legitimate. Also, have you ever looked into how many people who were witnesses that wound up dying in mysterious manners? Yeah. Fucking crazy. That's it is like, we make fun of Russia for that shit. But Listen, we do it too. Of course. We're just a better country and we're cooler For Sure. I'm pro-America. Oh, let's Get real. Let's be. Yeah. Come on America. All Day. All day. But like, if you read, I was reading a Putin book and literally every chapter just ends with a guy like the light going out in his hallway and getting shot in the face.


And I'm like, this seems like a pretty fucked up rise to power, you know? Yeah. Oh, Putin had the most fucked up rise to power That woman who just wrote the book on him. Masha, what's her name? you know, Did she wind up missing? She's, I think either on trial or going to prison for saying something anti-military in Russia. Which I'm like, alright, maybe you know what? Know your audience. Yeah. Maybe don't say that. She showed A book on Putin. What a gangster she is. It's, it's pretty badass. That's a crazy move, man. It's to know they're gonna come get you and you write that book anyway. Yeah. Yeah. That guy might be the richest man alive. you know, he's Really rich. They don't know how rich he is Is crazy. I always hear that. There are always rumors that he's not doing well and then nothing. But there's always stomach problems.


Didn't he have like a stomach cancer? That's all rumors, right? Yeah. But also, how much access to medicine does that guy have? you know, I mean if there's a way to cure something, that guy, they're gonna get it to him. Yeah. And you have to think that Russia is not captured by the pharmaceutical industrial complex. So he probably has access to all of the off book medicines that the FDA won't approve. And they'll try all the stuff that's like the good shit experiment. Yeah. Shit. That probably works right now. Yeah. It's like what Kobe used to go to like Germany for knee operations because he's like, they won't do this to me in America. He would go there for regen. Yeah. Regen. I've had regen done exactly. Ine it's like a very advanced form of platelet rich plasma.


And I had a bulging disc in my neck and they, the one doctor was like trying to convince me that I need to get surgery. He was like, we gotta trim that disc. You talk, you scolded me for doing this. Yeah. I did something like that. Yeah. Well I almost did it. And I know. Too many people have done it. That's why I was like, don't do it. You can't do it. But you helped me a lot. Yeah. By the way. Good. I dunno if I, I think I told you this. Yeah. How's your neck now? It's, I'm Better. I'm great dude. I'm fucking awesome. That's great to Hear. I started, I, I, I saw another clip of you recently where you were talking about like getting older, like how you have to just like lift weights for your health. Yeah. I, I was like, all right. I got a trainer from my dad. I'm like, you guys are getting older lift weights. Yeah.


I, I didn't do it dude. I would just play basketball. I was like, I'll just hoop. And then, and then I started to have fucked up neck problems and stuff and, and you gave me that neck thing, the, I forgot what it's called it. The iron neck. Iron neck, yeah. But then I just started like lifting shoulders. I've such bad shoulders man. So I just, you holding your neck up. You gotta, you gotta, Yeah. If you don't do anything, there's no muscle there. Yeah. Your muscle only exists if you have a reason for it. If you stop you like if you get a cast, if you break your arm, your arms just shrinks out. Yeah. 'cause you're not using it. Yeah. Your body only uses muscles. Like it only has muscles where you use them and if you stop using 'em for a long period of time, they just fucking shrink. Yeah. It's a weird thing like your body, like if you have to be bedridden for two weeks, when you get up, you're a weak as fuck.


Yeah. Your body's like, it's just, it doesn't maintain itself. Yeah. Except, except The dick. The dick is up every morning. It seems fine. The dick's rocking Dude. But if you get older, it's more extreme because now your body's producing less testosterone, less human growth hormone. You're not getting as much sleep, you're not repairing in your sleep. And if you have bad diet on top of that, then it's all compounding over the years and getting worse and worse and worse. Your body's not, doesn't have the nutrients to repair itself. And you know, with all this atrophy, then you start getting people that bend over to pick up a package and blow their back out. Yeah. And like, how'd you blow your back out from just bending over to tie your shoes? That's the thing too. Practical strength. Like if you're like lifting for, like, if you're doing like deadlifts, you're like alright, that's like picking up a box. Yeah.


This makes sense. As opposed to people that are just trying to look like, I don't give a fuck about that. Yeah. I just want to not pull shit. Yeah. You just wanna not be old. Yeah. And you know, you could do a lot of stuff with just like chin up and pushups and body weight squats and Hindu squats and you know, there's a bunch of different things that you could do that are just, but the most important thing is you gotta do something and it's not just walk around and really even cardio's not enough. 'cause cardio doesn't, you don't strain the muscles to make them strong. You need to do that. Yeah. You need, it's, it's a requirement for people. Just like brushing your teeth keeps you from getting cavities. It's the same thing. Yeah. You just have to think about it that way. And most people don't. But also think about it, it's like a compounded benefit 'cause you get the benefit of that.


But then you also get the mental benefits. Like if I'm not feeling good, if I'm like a little out of it in my own head, a good solid workout, I get out there, I'm like, I'm, everything's fine. Dude. I did it this morning. I was like, I didn't want to do it. I was hung over. I didn't want to fucking do it. but I just light. Just go light. And then you get out of there and you're like, ah. Yeah. It feels so much better. Way better. That's my message to the world. Please fucking do something. I think we're designed for it. And I think that's what, that's what kept us alive for hundreds of thousands of years before we had agriculture and we organized cities and we developed the stockpiles of food where you didn't have to work as hard and then everything just shriveled away. I think everybody had to do physical things.


And you design, Especially cities like design this week you can just get in a car and just not walk. Yeah. Like at least in New York, I do find myself, like I walk most places so I'm like, I'm doing something. Yeah. But it's not, not enough, but it's something. It's better than nothing. Yeah. But it's definitely not enough. Yeah. No. You gotta lift a little bit of weights. Yeah. And you know, people, the problem is people have like lifting weights in their head. A lot of people, especially like very smart people that have had bad experiences with jocks, you know, in, in their head lifting weights is like some douchey vanity thing. Or a bunch of bros. Or bumping chests. And you can't think about it that way. Just 'cause dumb people do a thing doesn't mean the thing is dumb. No. It's actually smart Thing's. Actually. Very smart.


Yeah. But int intellectuals a lot of like very intelligent people don't exercise. Yeah. Bill Gates does not look good. Don don't know if you'd call him an intellectual, But you know what I mean. Yeah. like a guy who has a lot of Sure. A lot of, A lot of resources. A lot of resources. Yeah. But then Jeff Bezos does look good. He Looks very good. Yeah. Looks like he's Jack now. Yeah. Mark Zuckerberg looks great. you know, it's just, it's just a thing that people usually concentrate on one aspect or another. If they're like really into physical fitness and really into athletic shit and training and sports generally they're not as well read on like international politics and environmental issues and like it's, you know, it's one. Or either you're like socially conscious, really kind of aware of the world, understand exactly what's going on in Gaza or you know, you know how much creatine you should take every day.


you know which branch chain of amino acids are gonna produce the best results. And Yeah. you know what peptides are the best for healing. It's like we put things into two different boxes. Either you're like really into your body or you're really into your brain. but I say you gotta be into both. 'cause if you're not really into your body, your brain is not gonna work as good. You're not gonna have as much energy. Yeah. Especially As you get older. Yeah, dude. Yeah. It's real. It's, it's, the hangovers get worse. They do. It's fucking, I didn't have that much last night. Oh Yeah, I know. I had like maybe two drinks. Yeah. Two good sized drinks on Tuesday. And then Wednesday morning I woke up, I was like, oh, I feel like shit for two drinks. I know.


They're stout. It's probably really like legit four drinks When you're pouring them. It doesn't count. Yeah. I but I do that too. It's like a, that's what we do at the Comedy Cellar. And you guys do It here too. I saw as like the pin. Liz who manages the comedy cellar will drink martinis out of a pint glass. And I'm like, yeah, that's, it's not a A drink. That's Not a drink. It's like eight drinks. Yeah, it's multiple drinks. Martinis. Yeah. Let's Drinks bring over that fucking, that buffalo tray. Sir. Let's drink. Yeah. Having a bar is interesting. Yeah. In what way? Just that it's too much access. I just go there. And I. See all these, all these people just drinking. It's like, this is, I have a bar like what the fuck happened? I know.


I have a bar. It's A cool bar. It's a great bar. Yeah. Lovely people working there too. And it's just such a great hang. Especially 'cause you know, generally we're there mostly just with comics and waitstaff. Thanks sir. And you gotta do that thing you were talking about yesterday about the, you know, where's your glasses? Oh, here We go. Let's go. Thanks dude. Yeah. Well cheers to the fucking club being awesome man. Cheers To you brother. Thanks for being here. Thanks for having me. My Pleasure. Mm. Yeah, having a bar is fun. It's really nice. It's Nice. It's a good place to hang. I you, What you don't have here is something I love about. And look, I'm a New Yorker till I die, I'll never move. But what I love about leaving a bar in the winter and just like the cold air hitting your face when your shit face, I'm like, oh, that's just like, it's like almost like getting slapped by the fucking earth.


Yeah. I love it. And there's a few like bars in the, where you just like, you leave a dive and you just feel like, fuck. I feel like a, It gets cold here in the winter, surprisingly. Yeah. It gets you dude. We've had how cold since? Well it snows really? It snows every now and then. Yeah. It snowed real bad. One year, like the first year we moved here and they closed everything down. It was hilarious. Nobody knew how to drive and they don't have any plows. So they don't just do anything. They just wait till it gets warm. Yeah. Like this is the dumbest approach to snow management ever. Fuck yeah. So nobody knew how to drive and you would see people in like Corvettes going sideways through intersections. It was just, everyone's sliding around. What the fuck. Yeah. So every year it gets up below 30, it gets in the twenties sometimes.


Yeah. Trying to find, this is the Jewish shit I'm gonna do. I might pop an anac acid with this because I've been drinking coffee all morning. Do does that help you? Yeah. Ulcers and shit. Oh, you Have ulcers. Ugh Dude, I Just read something about that that they think ulcers have to do with some sort of stomach bacteria now. Yeah. Well Health. Yeah. They used to think that it was like the lining of your stomach was getting eroded by stress and now they think it has something to do. I think stress hurts it. Oh, it has to. I hate to sound like a Jewish stereotype. I think stress hurts everything. Yeah. I think stress hurts your immune system. It hurts when you, the way you sleep, which fucks everything up too. Exacerbates everything. Yeah. It just makes sense that things come up with stress. but I think they have some new theory about the creation of ulcers that, that's different.


I think it has to do with microbiome. Yeah. I had to get put under and they were like, they did the, whoa, I have the X-ray thing. And they're like, that's a fucking ulcer. That's a big ulcer. And I was like, all right. Damn. But so what do they tell you to do? Like eat wise? Just didn't do God, it sucks. They're like, everything's bad. Basically. You're like, can't like, I'm like, well how about coffee? They're like, yeah, you can't have coffee. I'm like, well how about alcohol? I, it's also, I have a drinking pod with Norman. So I'm like, well I have to work, I have to go do my thing. And I'm like, and they're like, what do you mean work? I'm like, well I drink on my podcast. And they were just like, what? They're just like, are you a fucking idiot? And I was like, yeah, no, I just can, I have one. They're like drink clear liquor. Like they're, they're like, I'm bargaining with them that I can still drink. That's hilarious.


And then so then we did that and, but then, yeah, they're like, no acidic foods, no spicy foods. I'm like, This is like all my favorite shit. Like acidic food is the best food. And yeah. So I just had to chill for like two months with that. I was born as fuck on the road. My friend Gary Veer tours with me and he's so annoyed 'cause he wants every meal to be like a, a fucking home run on the road. And I'm like, you can, I'll get whatever you want. but I can't. He wants to like share stuff so we can try more things. Oh right. So he's just getting annoyed that I'm getting like plain ass food for two months. Oatmeal and chicken breasts. That's everything I was eating. Really? But you feel pretty, you feel weirdly kind of good aside from this like stinging in your stomach.


You've Had one. No, no, I've never had one. Damn. Yeah, I don't get ulcers. It's such a weird thing and it sucks 'cause all my friends who have had them are just like pieces of shit. Oh Really? Yeah. My friend's like, I've had 'em. I'm like, yeah, you're like a fucking drug addict. This sucks that This is who I'm comparing myself to. you know? When Did you start getting them? I got one years ago on the road in Montreal. And I went to a doctor and he was just like very French and matter of fact, like none, no, no, no alcohol for 11 days. And I was like 11 day. I was like, how the hell, I was a young comic. It was, Was it say once commonly thought that stress smoking and diet with the principle causes of stomach ulcers.


However, the Helio backer, pylori Pylori pylori bacterium is now known to be responsible for the most. How does, how do you say that way? Duodenal. Duodenal ulcers and 60% of stomach ulcers. The h pylori bacterium also prompts many symptoms of indigestion treatment for stomach ulcers includes the use of antibiotics to kill the infection and acid suppressing drugs. Yeah. I take a Pepcid a lot. Hmm. Also people that eat a lot of like Antibiotics. That's interesting because antibiotics kill all the good bacteria too. Yeah. So that probably compounds the problem. Yeah. I'm probably on borrowed of time here.


Antibiotics are tricky. My friend Gordon, Gordon Ryan, he's like the greatest juujitsu athlete of all time. He had staff so many times that he was basically on antibiotics for a whole year and it ruined his stomach. Like his stomach is fucked. In what way? He has the craziest stomach issues, like some buildup of like fungus in there. And he, he's always ready to throw up. He has a hard time putting down food. It's crazy. I Should be stomach, I should be laughing at this, but it's, it's crazy. It just sucks. Well also when you see the guy, the guy looks like a Greek God. Yeah. And you're like, there's nothing wrong with that guy. Yeah. mean, meanwhile his stomach is completely fucked. And it's all started from take, you're not supposed to take antibiotics for a year, but all these meatheads are doing juujitsu in this basement in New York City and everyone's getting staph infections and they don't wanna stop training, so they just keep taking antibiotics and keep training.


That makes sense. And then, you know, years later you're dealing with this stuff like don don't know how the fuck any doctor prescribed him that or if he just self prescribed. Which is Crazy. He, if he's like a famous athlete, I mean he probably, I Don't think he was that famous back then, like wasn't as known back. He's very known now. But All you need is one doctor to be a fan. Yeah. I had a doctor back in the day. He was like, I love you on Conan. I'm like, can I get muscle relaxers? He's like, sure. I mean I wasn't, I wasn't doing well. But he had seen me kill on tv. So he was like, this guy's cool. So I was just racking up pills from him. That's hilarious. He's in the Philippines now. I think he's not even in America anymore. I'm like fucked. Oh boy. He is on Run Guy. Fucked up. He's on the run. He's on The run.


But for a while, dude, it was beautiful. A lot of guys go to the Philippines and come back with wives. Lot of older guys. Yeah. A Lot of older guys go to the Philippines. They're Pretty women. Yeah. Pretty young. Super happy to not just be noodles, let's get outta, let's get outta this fucking country. That's, that's the, that's the pitch. How would you like some just regular protein and Yeah. Well when you find out what most of the world makes in terms of money, you're like, you know the number, like with the 1%. If you're in top 1% of the world. Yeah. I don know $34,000. Oh shit. Yeah. If you make 34,000 American dollars, you're in the top 1% of earth Crushing life, man. So All these people that talk about the one percenters, Hey, look in the mirror, fuck face.


It's all of us. It's literally all of us. We're all ridiculous. We're talking about people in America. you know, life is good. It's inequality of wealth. What about the world? Yeah. What about the whole thing? Also depends on the state you live in though. 'cause Oh yeah. 34 in some states ain't ain't getting you far. Oh, it's not getting you far in most, yeah. In most states it's not getting you far, you know, I mean it's certainly not getting you far in New York and LA Yeah. But just, you know, just living Anywhere good. They make 35. Yeah. Nice. Yeah. Dude. I mean people aren't walking over here. Yeah. For no reason. you know? Yeah. They're, they're walking across that border. Yeah. Because where they are is so bad. It's so bad. You can't imagine it. Yeah.


It's a good place. I love America. It's the best. I'm a big fan. I'm a big fan. I like even the cities, I think I won't like, like I, I did a bit of my new special about Springfield, Missouri. And all the feedback I was getting was like, man, it was so nice you talked about our city without shitting on it. And I was like, yeah, I had a great time. I will have a great time in any city for a night or two. Well, I think now in particular because of the internet, there's more aware cool. Sort of intune people everywhere. It used to be like back in the eighties when you would go do gigs on the road. Like you're in the middle of bu fuck Ohio. Like it could be a terrible gig. Yeah. Could typically they don't know what the fuck you're talking about. No references. Everybody's dumb and drunk.


It could be horrible. But somewhere in the two thousands that really changed. Yeah. And you start to see when you go on the road, kind of go to anywhere. And if they're finding about you online and then, you know, they're finding about that your tickets are for sale online, then they go there. Like these people are tuned into the world. Yeah. They just happen to live in Lexington, Kentucky. That's a great city. It's great. I love Lexington. Great Lexington. Dude. That's Probably Fun. I've had some good times there. Fucking or Louisville. The racetrack. I want to go to the duck. Kentucky. Kentucky. Have you been to Keen Land in Lexington, Kentucky? No. Oh, God's that. What's Keen Land? It's like their horse racing thing. You bet. On the horses. And everyone is so well dressed like Sears sucker suits. Mm. They're fucking, that was my opening line in the city.


I said, I said I was the only person there that didn't look like a villain. And Django Unchained. And so they're all so well dressed with their mint julip and they're drank And. I was like, I fucking love this. That is cool. Not to mention like, the bourbon in that town is so fun. You just get, you just get fucked up and, and you feel good. It's like a nice quality. You go to like a random pub there and you look at the bourbon menu and you're like, what the fuck? There's like a diner menu, you know? That's funny. you know, it's beautiful. Yeah. I like Kentucky. Kentucky's great underrated place. I've never been to the Derby, but everybody tells me it's a trip. I read Hunter Thompson's, the Kentucky Derby is decadent and depraved. Have you ever read that? I haven't Fucking amazing. It's good.


Great piece. Yeah. It's just talking about how fuck these rich monsters are. They're like letting their hair down and getting crazy at this horse race derby with all their nutty hats. And you know, the women have to wear those bizarre hats. But it's a scene. It's a scene. Yeah. I have a buddy who goes every year. He's like, you gotta go. It's fucking incredible wife phone. They get dressed up. They do the whole thing. Yeah. I mean it's, that's what I love. It's like I, if it's new to me, I want to do it. if I Did you say formula? You were saying formula racing. Yeah. I just started watching it a little bit. Ah, and it's, it's I mean it's here now, right? Is Yeah. You should come. You should come. I might. Yeah. Like do the weekend Really? At the club when it's in October. Yeah. It's really fun. Yeah. If the weekend's not booked already, I'll find out what's booked.


Yeah. Yeah. Dude, it's amazing. It's so fun. First of all, they're so fast. When you're like sitting right next to the track, it's like, yeah. Like holy shit. They're going 250 miles an hour. Oh dude. I know. I, I had a friend who's driving me, he's a very wealthy friend I have. And he, he was driving me into McLaren and he was like showing off in LA going fast. And I was like, what the fuck are you trying to kill me? He's like, dude, we're going 50. But it feels like you're going like one 50 in those things. Right. Especially if someone knows how to drive. Oh dude, he's good. Yeah. I mean, but those, those racers are fucking incredible. They lose like 20 pounds of match. Yeah. It's nuts. It's super physical. Yeah. Yeah. It's super physical and it's all about their reaction times. I mean those guys, they're the G-Force they're experiencing going around those turns.


Like they have to have like stiff necks. They have to have like stout necks just to handle the forces. I respect it a lot. I, it's one of those things I didn't really get till I watch that documentary Sena on that racer. Oh yeah. Yeah. And then I was like, wow. This is like knowing the angles and knowing when to turn and just, it's all, any sport if you're thinking you fucking lose. Right. And there's a, there's a, a basketball analyst, Wolf Frazier who would always be like, he's aiming his shot. you know, you can't be aiming your shot. You gotta trust the muscle memory, you know? Right, right, right, right. Anytime you think in sports, it's fucking over. I was just reading that Agassi book. It's so good. I didn't realize how good it, my friend Matt Ruby was like, you gotta read the Agassi book. It's hilarious.


He's so fucking, he's a good writer. I'm sure he had help, but like, it's well-written and he's just talking about like, you know, he's so in his head and he's like mad. He's playing someone like Pete Samra, who's like, he's like, I wish I was this, this dull, you know, like, this guy's like a brick wall. He doesn't feel shit. Meanwhile, Agassi's like going to see Broadway shows. He's like an emo guy. He's getting ah, he's an interesting dude. He's like, you know, so angry. Like from his, all these guys had abusive dads. Right. But he's, you know, he's, he's so rebellious and angry as dad's forcing him play tennis that he's at this like, tennis compound. They're forcing him to get better and he's crushing everybody. 'cause he's a prodigy, but he's doing it in like mascara and a pink mohawk and earing. It's like a Fuck you.


It's so funny. I mean he's such an interesting guy. No, that's cool. I had no idea. I I just didn't, I don't know tennis that well, but I, I mean I respect the fuck at any, any sport that like you turn on, you're like, this is kind of great to watch. Oh yeah. Tennis is insanely difficult to do at a high level when you watch those guys moving and volleying back and forth and all the different setups. Oh my God. Oh my god. Angles and speed and like, mind games. 'cause you're on an island, man. You're not, you're not like, it's not a team sport where you get like a high five every once in a while. Right. You're alone. Right. That's why they're like cursing at themselves. Like you see McEnroe like breaking a rack and you're like, I fucking get that. And you Have to be in insane physical shape. 'cause you can't get tired. Yeah. And not go for the ball And the heat and the different courts And the Oh yeah.


Clay and grass and, Ugh, Clay is so weird. Oh, It's the weirdest. That's the weird court You playing on clay. It rains. Or like, so it's mud. Like what are we doing here? This is so fucking weird. But Yeah, no, he's, there's a story about him when he was nine and his dad is such a fucking grifter that his, that his dad, Jim Brown, the football player sees him as a kid and he's just like, looking for a game for money at this country club. And he's like, let's, let's play someone. And everyone says no. And Agassi's dad's like, he'll play you for money. And it's like, he's fucking nine. You're, you're pimping out your kid for money against the best running back maybe ever. And he's like, no, I'm not gonna play your kid for money. And he's like, I'll bet my house that my kid will beat you.


And Jim Brown's like, don don't need a house. How much money you want to play for? And his dad goes, how about 10 grand? It's like their life savings. He's putting this on his son who's nine years old and you know, then he sees AGAs, he hit, the dad goes to get the money and he's like, fuck this kid's kind of good. And he goes, how about I, how about I just play you, you know, for fun and, and then we'll decide how much AGAs he whoops. His ass like six three. Six three. And he goes, I'll play, I'll play for 500. AGAs. He whoops. His ass takes him. He's nine. Wow. Against a fucking hall of fame athlete. And his dad. It's like his dad did it. Imagine like you're thinking about your family's mortgage and your siblings and their future and you're like, if I lose we're fucked. Wow. Imagine doing that to a kid.


Like of course he's angry and broken. I, yeah. I don't know any, we talked about Tiger Woods before, but I mean any athlete who like, is that good? They probably had a fuck it's like a porn star. You had a fucked up dad. Basically. Yeah. If you get pushed that hard I mean if you get pushed that hard to be the best of the best Yeah. As a child, that means you're missing everything else. You, if you wanna be the best of the best, there's no way you're going to birthday parties. Yeah. There's no way you're sitting at home and watching cartoons. Yeah, no, you're going to training in the morning. You're getting coaching. Weirdly Though, Hitler good childhood really. And he was one of the best Also heavy meth user other than meth can erase meth eraser. All good parenting. Yeah.


All good parenting goes by the wayside when are Gets to the equation. Some, some people are just, I I bet one of the best I mean evil motherfuckers obviously. But yeah. Some people, yeah, it's weird when there's like a serial killer and he's just in it for like the love of the game. you know what I mean? Because every once in a while they're like, no, he had a good childhood. Right. Like what was his story? Did Ted Kozinski have a good childhood? I think He did. No. No he didn't. No he didn't. Ted Kozinski, He was like a nerd. But like, I don't think he had No, no, no, no, no. He had a bad thing happen to him when he's a baby. He was sick and then they took him away from his parents and he was brought to a hospital. We had no physical contact for months. Really? Months. Yeah. For months and months. It was a part of the documentary on Netflix about him. It's his brother talks about it.


And then after that, like, and his Brother was a good guy though. Yeah. His brother was a really good guy. His brother turned him in. Yeah. He, so he was a sociopath from the time he was like, he was getting no love at all as a baby from like months and months at a time. I forget the l the length of it, whatever this illness. But they basically kept him in a crib and when he cried, that was it. No one com comfort him. No one picked him up. But that's what a Lot, that's what my sister did to her baby. That's Independent I mean never ever zero, zero minutes in any day. Was anybody touching him for weeks and weeks and weeks and months and months and months on end. Yeah. And his brother said he came out fucked up from that. Then he's in Harvard, he's a genius. And they put him through the LSD studies of Harvard and part of the That's right. Yes, yes.


So, Which is also some CIA Yeah. MK Ultra shit. Wormwood that shit. So they put him through this, these LSD studies at Harvard and part of the studies were humiliation and like to see how he responds to like severe humiliation. So. like humili Just, just scientists. Like, look at this fucking pussy. don. Don't Remember what they did, like how they did it, but it was like coordinated, organized humiliation and just psychological warfare to just to see what kind of response it has on this fragile world. Well now we know. Yeah. Well now we know. So then he goes to Berkeley, becomes a professor and saves up his money just so he kids to live in The woods, Live in the woods and kill everybody. He's making technology. Yeah. What a fucking weird guy.


Meanwhile, he has a point, like his point Was, oh, some of technology is Terrific. Yeah. Is gonna destroy the human race. It's gonna eventually take over us. And he was right. Yeah, he's right. It's happening right now. It's about, he was Right. He could have gotten his message out in a different way probably, but maybe he Is a little heavy handed in his bro. It's Crazy though. No. Some of the writing I'm, I'm like, this motherfucker was onto something. We He was undeniably brilliant. Yeah. But in the documentary his brother talks about like, say if like he asked a girl on a date and the girl said no. Like he would just like write the most evil Yeah. Vicious letters to her and harass her. And he was a crazy person before the D studies and then the LSD studies, they just cracked him. Yeah.


Damn. Yeah. Yeah. No, I remember there was a story about him, like, he made like a little, like he, he used his intellect. He made some kind of like firecracker to show off to a girl in high school and she was like freaked out by it. Oh. And I'm like, holy shit. What a defining moment for a guy who becomes pure evil and uses explosives. Right. To kills scientists. Yeah. And technology makers. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's a weird part of our, our history is those experiments that they did on people, and I'd like to know how many of 'em turned out real bad. Like how many of those people that were involved in the Harvard LSD studies went on to become psychopaths. Yeah. Like how many lives got ruined because of that? Well, who was the guy as Errol Morris made the documentary on Netflix about the guy who was in the l his, I think it was his dad.


No, someone's dad was in the LSD studies and they absolutely threw him out a window. Oh God. Like he knew some, he knew too much and they threw him out a fucking window. Yeah. A Hundred percent They do that. And it's like, imagine you just grow up and you're like, my dad was murdered by the ccia. A I mean it's pretty fucked up. It's very fucked up. You want a cigar? You like cigars? I'm not a big cigar guy. No, no. But I'll keep drinking with you. Alright. I'm Just thinking about popping a cigar. I don. Wanna Be rude? Fuck it. If you have one, I'll have one. All Right, let's go. What do you got here? Project MK Ultra. Did CIA scientist Frank Olson jump? Or was he pushed? Yeah, he's probably pushed. Well, I mean It's, It's always one where it's like, was there a note?


Right. And even if there was a note, they could have fudged that. But The official verdict was suicide. Oh. He fell from the window of his Manhattan hotel room in 1953. Died on the sidewalk in his undershirt and shorts at about 2:00 AM The official verdict was suicide. But a second autopsy raised questions, although not proof of a possible homicide, Olson's family memory, many others have been searching for answers in a hall of mirrors. Dude, I, I, I, a woman jumped out the window in front of me once splat like 10 feet in front of me in, in Manhattan. I was, shit. I was going home. I was like, in sixth grade, And I was on. I was trying to get the bus and I'm with my friend. I, I stopped to take out my metro card and right in front of me, oh, she Could have killed you I mean if I didn't stop, I'd be dead.


It's crazy to think about. I didn't, you're just so, your mind protects you. It's really fucked up when you're, when you experience something like that. Because when wasn't scared, I was just kind of like, oh shit. I was like, oh shit, this, there's like a movie going on or someone's shooting a movie you don't like accept it as real, you know. Oh Wow. So you thought it was a fake body? Yeah, but it got me out of a history test. The next day I called, I remember I called a friend. What did she look like when she hit the ground? Face first? Didn't die instantly. That's the one thing I remember Face first. Good.


Yeah. She face first she was mumbling to herself. That was the most fucked up thing is that I think she, after she hit the ground, Yeah. Oh no, it didn't kill her. Instantly she muttered something like, I'm cold. And my friend's mom saw it and she went into a store and got her a blanket and it's Like, oh God. How far did she fall from, do you Know? I don't know. Probably like, I would guess at least eight stories would be my guess, but like, maybe five. I, I, I don't, oh God, I don't know God. She lived. Oh, Well not in the end. She didn't live, but she didn't die instantly. Oh God damn. But I, remember I called my friend's mom, who was like a major narcissist after this And I. I was just wanted to talk to someone. 'cause my parents weren't home. And I. I was like trying to tell him.


And the mom just like picked up the phone and talked about herself for like 20 minutes straight. No way. And then she's like, how was your day? I was like, I just saw someone die. And she's like, alright, well Elliot's not home right now. I was like, that was it. Jesus Christ. Who's A weird fucking Call. Put that lady in the LLSD studies. See what we can do with her. That should be a punishment. Well, I think it Shouldn't Be. Yeah, it should Be. We're talking again about like this kid on the roof with Trump. Like that's the kind you find someone who's all fucked up from life and you know, Can I do another with a whiskey too? Sure. That's a, a very specific kind of person. you know, it's hard to make a real, a total narcissist like your friend's mom who you just, you just tell them about someone jumping off of a fucking roof in front of you and almost killing you and splattering in front of you.


And they don't even care. There doesn't, nothing, anything to do With me. I think she just didn't know what to say. don don't think it was like malicious the way she's like, oh, I'm sorry. I, you know, I, I don't think she meant bad, but I think she just wasn't equipped to give me anything. Some people Aren't equipped to have real conversations. I know. They just talk. They just talk and talk at you. I know. Yeah. But if you find someone who's really fucked up, like if you were a part of a secret program, you would probably kind of want to be going to visit schools to see if you could find someone who's on the edge. Yeah. Recruit them. you know, get 'em. Especially if you're planning on killing them anyway. Like this. They knew that if this kid was gonna go on the roof and shoot the president, they could talk him into going on the roof.


Let's assume not even this scenario. Yeah. 'cause let's not be crazy. Let's just say if you wanted to set up a scenario, we're gonna have someone assassinate the president. You get some guy whose life is a fucking complete and total disaster. You either hypnotize him or you mentor him. You give him psychiatric drugs, you do a bunch of things, you get him to do it. And you know that once he gets on top of that roof and shoots the president, everyone's gonna shoot him. And it's nice and clean. They never let those guys live. My question is though, how, of course. But my question is, do you want him actually to kill Trump in this scenario? Yeah. They definitely wanted him to kill Trump. Yeah. There was also an But don't, don't you think I find it a little irresponsible?


This Is gun. No, no. I was willing let you guys keep talking. And. I. Sorry, I interrupted. but I can't find a picture of the gun. I'm so put off when people like, you know, Lauren Boberg and shit were like being like, Biden hired, Biden hired him to, to do this. And you're like, stop trying to pour gas on the fire. Yeah. How do You know? We are so fucking lucky. He's not dead. So lucky. The country, like I believe in the I And I And I. Part of being maybe an entertainer is like, I get to see a unified crowd. That's part of the beauty of, of being able to tour as a comic is like, I get to see a room of people laughing together. And, I. I, I always hate when comics are like going outta their way to divide a room.


Yeah. And I feel the same way. I mean more so even about politicians who I'm like, why are you trying, why are you aiming for chaos? Like, you really can kind of unite people. If you give a good speech, of Course You really can. Like, you really can inspire people and unite people with the right words. Yeah. And the right, like the right real feeling behind it where it really resonates with people. And they go, well you know what, he's right. He's right. Mm. We should do it differently. We should, we should relax a little. Get our shit to you. Which is really funny when after the assassination attempt Biden is like, we, we have to put aside our differences. Like no shit. You would Shit. Just saying He was Hitler. I know, but also they, they were, they making been a big deal that Biden called Trump and that he, and he was like, there's no place for this.


I'm like, murder. Yeah. Yeah. We shouldn't be there should not be place for assassinating people. There Also should be no place for you using so much hypo hyperbolic statements that you're saying that your opponent, if they win, it's the death of democracy. 'cause they kept saying that over and over again. Both sides do that. He's gonna be a dict. Both sides do that. Yeah. They all do that. Both Sides do that. He's gonna be a dictator. He is gonna be a tyrant. It's the death of democracy. He's gonna put people in camps. It all started when we started comparing every politician to Hitler. 'cause it gave us nowhere to go. Right, right, right, right. When every, here's the problem, like every cable news show they, they thrive the way politicians are trying to th thrive now. It's like chaos. It's like you are poisoning every audience member who watches this shit.


Yeah. Yeah. Cable news is literally, they're pouring poison down your throat. And The way they're set up, they kind of have to do that because otherwise they're not gonna survive. They, well, they already, they were, when Trump was out of office, they were dipping like a motherfucker. A Huge dip. Huge dip. Huge dip. Yeah. Because He was, he was giving them content. Yeah. Yeah. The fear content. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, it's not a good time for being informed. It's a very confusing time in terms of like understanding exactly what's going on in the world. Yeah. It's real weird. Yeah. It's just weird. Real weird. you know, you, you don't know what the fuck is happening. It's no official reports of things. And there's so many different things that are popping off.


There's so much going on and Ukraine and in Israel and it's like, yeah. What's going on in America? And somebody just tried to kill the president and like, you see how The, I couldn't believe that shit. I was, I always like, this can't be fucking the roof. When did the world turn into the world Wrestling Federation? Yeah. I was In Italy, all of it. I was in Italy when it was going on With the, the Trump Cop went on the roof. Yeah. Cop went on the roof. He pointed a gun at the cop and the cop jumped off the roof. That fucking Crazy. You never see that in like an Eastwood movie. Yeah. The cop was like, I'm jumping outta Here up and going fuck this shit. This Says he fired eight times that Trump. Yeah. Really? This then also says his father reported it missing later That night with his rifle.


Yeah. The father made a phone call. Did he give him the ri so I know it was a dad's gun. Did they know if it was a gift or if it was he borrowed it or stole it? That's The, it says the son missing along with his rifle. So that was his sons Rifle. It was stolen. No, it says, well, it's hard to say what he's saying there. Yeah. Because it could be saying the son was missing with his rifle, but it could be saying the son was missing with his son's rifle. See what it says that crook's father reports his son missing along with his rifle. Like that could either be interpreted as crook's father's rifle or the kid's rifle. Mm. Right. Am I wrong? No. Yeah, you're right. Yeah. There were over a dozen firearms found in the crook's household. So there was a lot of guns in the house.


How would you like to have that be your fucking kid? Oh my, my God. They Use DNA to, to identify 'em. Say, well, You could use a photo. I saw his face. Yeah, but No, they said that FBI used that DNA to figure it out. Oh, They're not to make sure it's him and they're Not giving data or any explanation on exactly how they did that. And people were like, Thinking how they ran the DNA test. They Might have used like dna.com or ancestry.com or something like that. Oh, they definitely probably used those fucking things. All those databases were all compromised. I shouldn't have done it. I shouldn't have done it too. I You did it too. Yeah, I did it. Why? Why'd we do it? Well, Because A drunk girl in a bar convinced me to do it. And I was like, yeah, what? I was hammered. I was like, yeah, I wanna know how fucking Ashkenazi Jew I Yeah. Like who gives a shit?


I know, right? Like, clearly I have some Turkish in me with these eyebrows. I know what I am basically. But she was like, no, you need to know. And she did it like on the spot in a bar. She awarded it for me. And then I was like, oh wow. I'm a fucking idiot. Well, you gave away all your DNA to China. Yeah. And now they can make a bio weapon that specifically targets you. That's a new thing that they can do. Now how does that Work? Well, certain people have certain genetic, like people are different, right? Like, there's certain people where certain genes impact them differently. Like for instance, the reason why some black people get sickle cell anemia is because their family has a history. Their ancestors have a history of protection against malaria.


So because they've survived malaria, somehow or another, that gene manifests itself in sickle cell anemia. Right? And then like people from certain parts of the world have genes that are more associated with alcoholism or have genes that are more associated with certain, like, so if they could find like a particular vulnerability that you may have or that certain races may have even you can create a bio weapon, specifically And I. This is all theoretical of course, but specifically to target an individual person. But don't they kind of already know if that's your tendency what you, what race you are. Like, I don't know. I mean, I think it's probably really like some people think they're one thing and they find out they're not.


Like Elizabeth Warren They do They, do They, do a Woody Allen film festival in New York and just nuke it. And I'm like, fuck, I walked right into that one. I think. But, but it, for the biological thing, I think it's like, there's very specific things. Like, you're different than me and, and I'm different than Jamie. And there could be a, a certain biological weapon that only targets Jamie's DNA and they can use it on him. See if they could find out whatever the fuck that is now. Because they're, they're talking about this in terms of like the vulnerability of selling our entire DNA database. Because apparently if you signed up for one of those, it's either d.com or ancestry do com ancestry 23 or 23.


One of those sold their whole database. Yeah. And I think, By the way, do you get the alerts where they're like, we found another family member for you. I'm like, I'm good. I'm good. We're fucking, we're tapped out here. I'm busy. Yeah. I'm about to change my number anyway. I'm gonna blended family as is. I've stepped siblings. I'm like, let's, let's cap It here. Yeah. Let's, That's enough of bringing strangers into your life. But they tell you what's funny is they tell you like random shit on those sites where they're like, you prefer salty to sweet And. I'm like, holy shit. That is true. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But then sometimes you feel like you're talking to a chick who just knows your astrological sign and, and I'm just dumb. And I'm like, yeah, I guess that, I guess I am, but there's certain things I'm cheerful The taste of cilantro. Some people it tastes like soap. Do you like it or Not? I like It. Yeah. Me too. Yeah.


Some people don't like, what does this say, Jim? It's potentially hypothetical, but This is what people inside the government Have said about it. Okay. That's what it is. Where you can actually take someone's DNA, you know, their medical profile and you could target a biological weapon that will kill that person or take them off the battlefield and make them inoperable. You can't have a discussion about this without talking about the privacy and commercial data and the protection of commercial data. Because expectations of privacy have degraded over the last 20 years. People will rapidly spit into a cup and send it to 23 and me and get really interesting data about their background. And guess what their DNA is now owned by a private company. It can be sold off with very little intellectual property protection or privacy protection.


And we don't have legal and regulatory regimes that deal with that. The data is actually gonna be procured and collected by our adversaries for the development of these systems. That's what I'm talking about. Oh, Cool. We're all fucking stupid. This is flat out Alex Jones stuff. Like, if you'd heard this five years ago, like Alex, relax. Yeah. They're, they're finding your own personal DNA and they're developing weapons specifically designed to target you. I'll say for myself, they don't need to do much research. You could take me out pretty fucking easy. I think it's just to know that they have them for everybody. Anybody. That might be a better problem. It's Creepy as fuck. It's very creepy. Even Just like the, was it the Cambridge Analytica stuff? Just the stuff they have on you, you're like, yeah, This is like not good.


I don't, I Don't like it's just the tip of the iceberg. Yeah. But then I also think of it in like, terms of podcasts where like, if we log this many hours, we're not gonna get canceled. 'cause there's too much shit to pull from. Right. So I look at the same way. I'm like, if you have this much of everybody Right. Maybe we're all okay. Well, the thing about podcasts, if we've said awful shit, we, we have said awful shit in these little clips, but we've also said, not awful shit. Way More Thousands and thousands of hours. Yeah. And we're comedians. Yeah. So people go Yeah. But what, what was the whole conversation like, why did Shane say that? Yeah. Why did Joe say that? Or why did they say that? Well, it's 'cause you People now get it.


Why did Shane, Shane, why did Shane call me a dirty Jew? 'cause the Knicks beat the Sixers. That's why suck at Shane. Sorry dude. Go Knicks It in the moment. It had to be okay. but I think, you know, people Too realize that ago in, in Nashville he is off. It's like a video game getting away from Shane. 'cause he, you can't get away unscathed. I'm like, I'm like, dude, I'm so hungover. I'd done kill Tony the night before I was in Nashville. I'm like ple. I I the Big boss. Yeah. I'm just like trying to get away from him. He's like, you need one more drink to call that hangover. I'm like, I'm good. But then he talks and between him and Joe DeRosa, I'm like, This is like the two bosses. Yeah. And I'm like, Joe, you're 46. Yeah. For fuck sake. Stop doing shots.


You're smoking Marlboro Reds and doing shots. You're 40 fucking six. Yeah. And he's not a healthy 46 either. No. So like doing marathons. When, when we're in here with do protect our park, Shane's always the one with the beer bong. It's like, dude, it's time. It's time. You see that big fucking meaty hand reach across. I problem with guys like Shane for me are like, I still enjoy drinking And, I like the buzz that builds gradually. I don't like just getting super fucked up. I I like getting fucked up like over the course of the night. Yeah. but I like building to it. Like I like the the build. Yeah. And Shane drinks like a 19-year-old. He does. But he drinks Bud Lights, which is the calculated move. You're gonna drink a lot. That's the Stanhope move too. I know Stan Hope goes cocktails now, but for the longest time Stanhope drank light beer.


He goes, I like a light beer. 'cause I could just start it early. Just keep a nice slow burn. Dude. Dude, you're pretty good impressions. That's okay. That's not bad. Stan. Hope is if I talk to him. if I I'm around him, I can do him. but I love him. I I, he was a, I was such a fan of his. I And I still am but I I mean. I remember those like old albums, like something that take the edge off and shit. Yeah. Oh, he's great. Like, oh my God. That Bobby Barnett story. Doug Stanhope. Like that's just, it's just a, I fucked the chick story. Yeah. But it's not, it's like got layers. Yeah. And there's Henry Phillips playing the bass in the background. Yes. Stanhope is like, and he's so cool. He's such a cool fucking guy. He really is that guy. Like, that's not an act. He is like Ello. He says he's like the closest we have to Bill Hicks.


Yeah. But he's a different thing, you know, he's just, he's his own thing, you know, it's like for sure. He's, He's Doug Stanhope, you know, for sure. He, he, he inspired a lot of Stan Hope Wannabees. Oh dude. The Mikes. We all, I I, so I'm a different generation of you in standup, but like, I remember the guys who were getting, like, when I was coming up, the guys getting ripped off at the mikes from Mitch Hedberg, Dane Cook, A little bit of Burr a little, there's some Burr. I mean obviously Little, a lot of A tell A I mean I'm one of 'em. Let's fucking be honest. Like, like we all know who we like I, I remember Norman And I would like laugh talking about like, he's like, I'm like a Norm McDonald Jerry Seinfeld thing. And I was like, I fucking was obsessed with Dangerfield Mattel. So it was like, mm.


you know? And then did You see the handwritten notes we have in the Green Room? I love Him. Dangerfield. Dude, I love the Green Room. Isn't that incredible? It's so cool. No, I love comedy history, shit like that. But Those are from his wife. His wife gave 'em to us. I talked to her on the phone. I, 'cause I I, I was after Whitney's podcast, we were, she was driving me to, we were drive doing the same show. And she's like, do you wanna talk to, she knows I love Rodney. So she's like, do you want to, do you want to talk to Joan Dangerfield? I was like, yes. Wow. So she calls me, or she calls Joan Dangerfield and Joan picks up the phone and, and she's, I'm like, oh, I loved your husband so much. I was So like, back to school was like my favorite movie ever. And I love his standup, his Carson appearances. I'm, I'm like, I I'm obsessed with Dangerfield. And she's like, you want to hear a Dangerfield joke?


No one's ever heard And. I said, yeah, when he was going under for a big operation, he, he was like, fuck, I might not make it. And if I don't have my mind, I don't want to be, I don't wanna be alive. He's all I have I a comic. And he comes out of it and the doctor goes, did you call anything up? And he goes, yeah, 500 last week to a who? He woke up with a fucking joke. So cool. I love shit. Like, I Danger Back to School to me is like the best comfort watch ever because it's like, it's only every character serves to set up his standup. Yeah. His wife's like, you're impossible. Hell yeah. And you're easy. you know, like, it's all just perfect fucking jokes. Yeah. Yeah. It's, you're tall and fat.


Yeah. Well, you're short and ugly. you know, you remember the scene with this? I think about the scene 'cause it's been ripped off so much. But when they're getting, it's like, Burt Young is so funny in that movie too. But when they're getting drunk at the bar, it's like young Robert Downey Jr. Who's like hilarious in it too. And they're, they're bringing him a picture. Bring us a picture of beer every seven minutes until someone passes out. Then bring us one every 10. It's like, you can't be more fun than that, you know? Yeah. No, he was great. I saw him live when I was a security guard. Whoa. Where I was a security guard at Great Woods. No shit. Great. Woods is a a, it's a concert place in Mansfield, Massachusetts. And I was working security there. And this is, I was 19 years old.


And I. Got to see a lot of people there. I got to see, I I gotta see Bill Cosby there. Wow. I saw Bet that was a good show. It Was a good show. Yeah. I saw Bon Jovi there. Nice. I Was barely paying attention to Bill Cosby because I was trying to pick up this girl. I was doing a lot of chatting. I missed a lot of the comedy part, but this is before I decided I was gonna be a comedian. So I only kind good For you having to work to pick up a woman at a Cosby show. Yeah. Set a good example for the future. I Don think. Yeah. I didn't think, but so I was backstage, like there was like this back area and Rodney was back there and Rodney was wearing a bathrobe. He had nothing on his balls, but a bathrobe just naked in a bathrobe with slippers.


And he goes on stage like that. That's how he'd go on stage. He'd go on stage balls ass naked with a bathrobe on and slippers and just murder. So he went through this phase of his career towards the end where he would go on stage in a bathrobe and he's just balls naked with a bathrobe on. That's so weird. And He would be backstage hanging out with people. His balls would be hanging out and he didn't even care. Apparently he had this giant dick and these huge balls and they'd just be hanging out. And Rodney would just be smoking joints and hanging out backstage with everybody. What's your 80 plus? Is that kind of adorable? 80 Plus and super wealthy and famous. And he's doing this enormous theater. It's like this place where Bon Jovi does, you know, in, in Mansfield, Massachusetts, this huge performing arts place.


He was the best man. I, my mom got me a DVD set of his for my birthday when I was a kid. And it was like, I loved it. It was like, yeah, look. See oh my god. See, he would hang outs. He's got a fucking sock over his dick And he's just got the serious face. It's perfect. Oh dude. Look at the back to school robe too. It's fucking perfect. Yeah. Dude, that the score for that movie too. Danny Elman like, dun dun dun dun dun dun. Yeah. It's so cheerful. Yeah. But yeah, he, on the DVD set is a, it's kind of sad. There's a set when he is really old and he's, it's, he's in Vegas and they're not good. The crowd's not good. He's kind of struggling. Mm. But there's a moment where he just is like, fuck it. And just rattles off like so many in a row. So many great one-liners. And they start to pick up and they start giving an applause break.


And he just pauses. He goes, I know a lot of good fucking jokes. It's such a triumphant moment. You're like 80 years old. He is just like, fuck you. I'm a still, I'm still a pro. I met him at the Laugh Factory like many, many years later after I'd seen him when I was a a, you know, security guard. I was a, just, just moved to Hollywood like 94. And he was there and he was still doing like a little bit of standup. And he showed up And I met him there with his wife. I don't know if it's the same wife. He was always moving around. But he was, you know, was interesting just to see him. It was just weird. Was he cool? Yeah, he was around real friendly. Hey, what do you know? you know, it was like used to get fucked Up. Everybody used to get comic strip. Yeah. Because his club Dangerfield in the city.


They'd be like, why are you always doing drugs here? He is like, what am I gonna do drugs at my club? you know? It's like, fuck you, I'm doing drugs here. But I mean that was, I never really played Dangerfield. It was like a bad club by the time I came around. It Was a bad club. And I played it. Yeah. I loved it. I used to, I think it was Always, it might have just always been a bad club. It was always a bad club. It was a, it was a good club when he did the young comedian special from there when he did Rodney's Young comedian special. Those were Great. Amazing dude. I remember the lineup, dude. It's like Robert Shimmel Kon, Bill Hicks. Yeah. Dude. Lenny Clark. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Bill Hicks had a set on there that I was like, this is phenomenal. This is fucking epic. Yeah. Robert Shimmel. I still remember the joke he opened with. 'cause it's such a good fucking joke where he go, he opens with this joke. He goes, I heard a guy got arrested for animal necrophilia.


How do you plead for that? I'm sorry, honor. I thought the cat was alive. All his fucking it. That's a too open with a fucking a dead cat joke and, and crush. No, he was a beast. I love Robert Shimmel stuff. Yeah. Robert Shimel was amazing. He was amazing. Those old comedian specials really got me into comedy. Those were like, really? Oh yeah, Man. They were, the way you found out about like Rick Erman, that's the way you found out about, about people. don don't remember. Oh, he was hilarious. Yeah. He was a LA guy that for whatever reason, it never made it, you know. But he was funny on the young comedian special. I was like, man, this guy's good. I remember those lineups. They were just fucking beast. Like there wasn't a, they were all killers. They were good comics in there. Fucking dice coming out with the Oh yeah.


Smoke. It Was Cool. Bob Nelson with the football helmet on. I Remember that shit. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Do Rera. Oh, I love him. Jerry Seinfeld. So many comics came outta those young comedian specialists. Like Rodney was the gatekeeper. He, well, you know, he really cared about comedy and he really wanted, like young comics You're doing getting that dude. Yeah. I, well, I learned a lot of it from him. That's one of the reasons why I like having his handwritten notes on the Wall of the Green Room is like, it means a lot to me. 'cause I kind of think about it the same way. I like, I know about so many comedians. 'cause Rodney Dangerfield was generous and he wanted people to know about great comics. He didn't feel threatened by him. He wanted them to do well. Dude, I still remember his intro for Bill Hicks on that special where he goes, this next comic, he's so far ahead of his time.


His parents haven't even met yet given up for Bill Hicks. I'm like, dude, you, you found jokes in the intros. Yeah. That's how good he was. And it's accurate. But you, but you're also like, you created this place. I'm like, it must feel cool to see these young comics like finding themselves. It's like fucking cool. Yeah, it is cool. It's real cool. I enjoy it. I mean, I It's selfish too. You Build a good culture. It is so similar to sports where like, you see there can be a talented rookie, but he's on a team with no good vets and he ain't gonna be good. Right. Because you need, you need someone to guide you. I was very fortunate that I had good comics looking out for me when I was a young comic. And the culture in New York is also strong. I mean like, you know, Colin Quinn and David Tell when I was young were like very like, oh, this is how you be a comedian.


Yeah. You, you keep turning over new shit and you keep, like, I love, I'm on the early shows a lot, the comedy seller, and it'll be, I'm usually like following either Colin or Jim Norton. And they're so prolific. Like, they're just always taking chances They don't give a fuck. And it, you know, they give a fuck, but they don't give a fuck in the right way. Where they're like, if this doesn't work, I'm gonna make it work. And like they're doing like, ni Jim's new shit is so interesting. It's so, it's so good. I mean, but it's all like veteran leadership. And it all lead bleeds down to like, yes. And then we want to do that for the next generation. Like, I want the, I want, I'm excited when I see funny young comics.


Yeah. Yeah, me Too. There's young comics of the cell. Like Maddie Wiener is a fucking killer. Like, she's a young comic who's, you know, the like, Ethan Simmons Patterson, Daniel Simonson. They're like young fucking killers of the cell. And you're like, oh fuck. I used to be the guy who would go up and kill. And now I'm like, fuck, I gotta turn over jokes. And then they're gonna become like, yeah. you know, it's, it's all good for the culture, you know. It Is, it's good for the culture and it's good for us. It's good for you selfishly to be generous because those people that are coming up, the better They do, the more it's gonna fuel you and you're gonna do better. It's good for everybody. And it's, I important you're write about like having like a culture of, of top comedians. It keeps everybody strong.


And that's the club I mean. Like last night we're hanging out with Ron White, this fucking Brian Simpson. I'm a, I've never met him. I'm a Fan. Oh, he's the best. He's such a, A nice guy. He was very nice. He made fun of me for being a Knicks fan. But other than that, he was pretty cool. That kid Ari, Maddy from Estonia opened up. He a fucking killer Him for I talked a while. Yeah. We chat For bit. Fucking killer. Super smart. Yeah. you know, and that he's one of these young hungry dogs that's coming up and there's a, a gang of him at that club. And there's people moving there from all over the place. Like Tyler Fisher and all these other people that Tony I il Yeah. Tony Illa. Yeah. To, He opened for me at Hyenas the weekend. I got banned there. That's where we met. You Got banned. I've been banned from a couple clubs. I don't get it. What did you do? My act. That's what my agent goes.


What did you do? My jokes. No, they were starting the show like an hour late every night. And it's like when you have a 10 30 show and you're starting at 1130, I'm kinda like, guys, come on fucking turn it around. And then they were doing like blowjob shots on stage. They bring people from the crowd And. I'm like, dude, you just fucking please just bring me on. I was like, it's like I'm going on 1230 every night. Who's Doing the blowjob shots? This The club did that. So they're like, So just trying to encourage people to drink. Yeah. Which I'm fine with. I want, I want the fuck to make money. I'm fucking i'll, I'll drink on stage and be like, fucking have a drink with me. Right. I'll, I'll even do a shower with a crowd. Sometimes don don't give a shit. But like, you gotta, you gotta stop delaying the show so much with nonsense. And I. And then I remember I made fun of the logo, the hyenas logo, just like fucking having fun with it.


And he came in my room, he goes, we're a fucking family business. And I was like, I made fun of a hyena. What, what am I doing to your family? don? Don't know. It was a hyena and a tux. And then like two weeks later, someone sent me, they changed the logo. Ah, but I remember Tony was like, he was like, we had fun. We were laughing a lot. So How did that get you banned? He, I made fun of the club and shit on stage. I was like joking. I was like blowjob shot, starting out. Like, I'm like joking around. I'm not being like harsh, but like, I'm fucking around. And he was like, he emailed my agent at the time and he was like, if you don't drop Sam as a client, I will never book one of your clients again. And like, you know, I wasn't a huge act. Whoa. And, and he, and he said, and, and he said, if you three clubs you own too.


So it's like, I'm like, oh, so now you're putting me in a position where I'm an asshole. So my agent called me like, what did you do? And? I was like, not nothing, you know, fucking, and then she was, she was like not as supportive as she should have been to me. She should have been like, fuck you. Like he's doing his jokes, you know? But she was like, this is what you do. Because I did, I did something at the, at the same thing at the Syracuse Funny Bone, which she was like, So what happened with this? How did it resolve? It didn't, I was just like, I'm not gonna write him an apology. I'll apologize if I do something wrong. Happily. I'm not like, don don't have an ego in that way where like, if I fuck up, I'll totally be like, Hey, I'm really sorry. But did They have anything specific that they were saying to your agent? So I disrespected The club. Am I making fun of the ha go? It's Like you do blowjob shots, dude.


What are you fucking talking about? Disrespecting your Club? Disrespecting our sacred institution. It always, It, dude, it always egos. What I like about your club is like, I always find as a young comic, you, you don't get the love you deserve at your home club usually. Right? Because they see you as as like a door guy or like, you know. Right. That's where you started. but I think you, you do raise people up there, which I don't think is normal. I I really, I think like New York Comedy Club in New York does that a little bit where they like kind of develop young guys, which I think is good. but I, I do think it's a ra like comic strip is where I started. Dude, they didn't really build, I still have love for the club, but they didn't really build us up. They kind of like took pleasure and keeping us down a little bit. Yeah. They would do like lottery shows to us.


They recorded me one fucking week. They were like, you wanna audition for the main spots? You gotta be on like an America's Got Talent type show. And I'm like, you're fuck by the way, just auditioning for the late night back then. I remember I auditioned. So you do a lottery, it's like over a hundred comics who, which sounds like nothing now, but in the day, that day it was like a, you know. Yeah. And I. Remember I auditioned, I draw six outta six. So you're going on after the regular show. It's like an eight o'clock show. The next show starts at 10 30. Same crowd. And I Draw six outta six. I'm like, fuck, I'm going out at like 11. They're gonna be tired. I hope these comics don't suck. So they walk the crowd and the guy who goes on before me has a fucking nervous breakdown on stage. So he, I'm not making this up.


He on stage. He goes, he goes, I'm fuck, I'm fucking bad at this. Oh my God, I'm fucking bombing. And I watched him walk 70 out of the 80 people from my audition. And I'm like, I gotta go on for 10 people now. This is crazy. And I just went on and like the owner walked up to me and he is like, I mean, like, the bar was low at that point. And he is like, you, you didn't walk the last 10. Good job. But he was like, you didn't panic. So. like, I'll give you, I'll put you on for late night. So that was like, but then for the regular spots, they were like, you gotta, they fuck they, they fuck with you. My point is like, your club, like I feel like, and, and some of the fucking with is good. It is good. 'cause it makes you like, how how bad do you want this shit? Right. Yeah. But so I think to a certain point, the hazing can be good, but also like, it's a new generation, you know?


It's, it's different. Yeah. It's, it, the hazing is probably good. 'cause it weeds out the people that aren't gonna have the gumption to push forward and, and get through bad sets and get through all kinds. Totally. And I used to, to tell comics all the time. Be nice to club owners. Yeah. 'cause you don't want to be one of them. I always, always say that and then I want to become one of one. but I always said that because like, they're different than us. They like, we need them. That we're not gonna go do that. We're not gonna go open up a fucking club. So you need these people. So it's just like there's an adversarial relationship. Like you feel like they're fucking you on the money or they're not. They're lying about it being sold out or whatever it is where you're not getting what you deserve or paying. But that's the beginning Usually much in the beginning. Yeah. Yeah. Once you become undeniable, then they have to pay you.


Right. But the thing is, it's like there's a separation between the people that do it and the business. And that's where all the friction comes from in my club. There's no separation from the people that do it in the business. 'cause the people that do it own it. And it's all ours. Like the way I refer to it, I don't refer to it as my club. I refer to it as our club. This is our club. That's cool. This club is set up for comedians. It was never set up to make any money. Yeah. The whole concept about it was, I just want to make something where I don't lose money. I just wanna break. Even if I break even, I'll be super happy. It's not a moneymaking venture at all. That's so the money s money s Yeah. So the money structures different. The comedians get most of the money and there's plenty of money for the bar and there's plenty of money for the wait staff.


There's plenty of money for everybody. It's just you can't be greedy. And in most environments, the club makes most of the money and the comedians don't until a certain level. Yeah. you know, and then they can get the door, like big comics, big names where they sell out anywhere. And it's like a good thing to have them at your club. Yeah. And then clubs make a deal, but they're still making money. They're just not making an insane amount of money. Yeah. But my point was, the comedians do all of the fucking work. If it wasn't, we're selling the comedians. We're not selling, we're selling drinks to see the comedians. But That's not, I don't think that's the normal mindset. Like, I can't, how often I be at a club, And, I hear the drinks shake and I'm like, I'm here to move drinks. Yeah. you know what I mean? You just, it's, It's, that's the business part. That's because the people that own that business aren't comedians.


But it's funny that that's the best way to make a business, is to make a business where you just do it the best way to express the art form. Like, and then the business, there's a lot Great clubs too. I'm like, I'm not, I don't wanna sound here. Like, I'm like, dude, No. I love clubs. Like Comedy Works in Denver. Hilarity in Cleveland. Like, I fucking love them. I love Shout Nick and Sam. Yeah. Wise guys in Salt Lake is fucking beautiful. Oh yeah. Wise guys in Salt Lake. It is fucking Incredible. Acmy. Yes. you know, there's, there's a lot. There's so many great clubs. I'm forgetting a million right now. Listen, I'm forgetting 1,000,002. but I love them. And. I'm they And I love comedy clubs. Yeah. I really do love just the, I I I really don't really respect comics who don't tour. I don't like, if you're not, I can tell when you're special if you didn't fucking tour with it.


Right. I can tell if you, like I did New York and La And, I was like, here, you gotta take that shit to Chattanooga and Knoxville and fucking, you know, Also when you're doing New York and LA you're doing like 15 minute sets. I know, but you know, I mean like They do an hour there and, but I. But like, you gotta just take it, you gotta sludge it through the mud. There's something I always, always talk about with like, gaff again or you know, all those like New York guys, they'd be like, you gotta tour. You gotta, they really emphasize like, cut the fat dude. Yeah. Yeah. Cut the fat. And then see how different people in different places react to it. Because your act is gonna go over different in San Francisco than it is in Florida. I Know. It just is. Just is. But both are fucking great. Both are fucking great. you know, like Tampa for whatever reason has been the size splitters, you know, they've always been fucking really good, you know.


Did you Ever make up with Hyenas? Never. I, I'd be happy to. I'd be happy to. If you're listening. Hyenas The One in Dallas. I'm sorry for what I might've done. Supposed be awesome. I don't know. You probably just gave me the, the right direction. Get rid of your stupid fucking hyena. Get outta here with your logo. If, if you, if someone can make fun of it and it hurts your feelings, you got a dumb logo. I don't give a shit either. Yeah. I mean like, it's like I, no, what am I gonna hold a grudge against hyenas don? Don't get A shit. You should hold a grudge against that guy that wanted you to get dropped by your agent. That guy could have ruined your Career. Pretty classless. Pretty classless. That's such a Shit. Move. And I. And. I didn't have ruin your career. I didn't have a lot of juice and like, to, to be told, like, I fucked up. I, I'm like a little bummed that she told me.


I kind of fucked up. I'm like, you know, I didn't, you know, I'm like, I'm not a diva dude. I like, I I'm one of your dudes who will like happily do 45 weeks a year on the road. I'm like, I'm out there bit. I'm happy to do this. Yeah. you know, you're making money off me. Stupid. Yeah. Bit have my back. Not a ton at the time, but I was there working little bit. Yeah. Enough. Well, You gotta think like, it's like a young athlete. Like if they keep going, they're gonna eventually make it into the majors and they're gonna make money. Like I think of it in sports analogies, like always. Yeah. That's, that's just how I always, because I love sports, so I just always Also, sports is another thing like comedy. Like there's no guarantee You may make it. I know. You may not make it. Yeah. It's Hard. Instead of carrying an acl l it's like drug problem or Something. Drug problems, girlfriend problems. Yeah. There's so many things that can go wrong with you.


Mental health problems. There's so many things can get wrong on the, and also it's so not guaranteed that you're gonna keep coming up with ideas. Oh dude, I'm, I'm, this is my sixth hour of jokes that I just burned and I'm like, I'm fucking tired. I'm like, my mind is tired. Like I, I just don't feel like I have it. I never feel like I have it after this. It's really hard to keep doing this, but it's a, It's a constant process. It's A privilege to, to deal with this Yeah. Challenge. But it is fucking like, I'm like, wow, I don't feel funny. Most of the time You'll come up with it. Just like, it always, like Shane was saying that after his last special, now the stuff he's doing now is arguably the funniest shit I've ever seen from him. It's just how it always is. That's how it works. I like my new shit, but it's, I don't really like it take, it's Gonna take time. It's a little take. It's a 5-year-old kid right now. It's not a, it's not a 25-year-old man crashing through the front line.


It Is a five year it old kid trying to entertain a fucking room full of drunks. Yeah. Ain't lasting long. Well, it's just, you have Bambi legs, your jokes have a little Bambi legs like it are all awkward and shit. They're not moving that good yet. It's so true. It's, it, it is, it is cool though to like, it's more fun to be in the creative mode than, 'cause like when I'm about to tape and I'm killing, I'm like, I'm a fucking hack because it's, you know, it works, right? Like it gives a shit. Yeah. It's supposed To work challenge. It's too easy. Yeah. Yeah. You're like, this should work. But then when you're, when you're struggling a little bit, you're like, this is fucking, this is comedy. Yeah. This is the, the And then when you, you struggle and then you come up with a new punchline, a new tagline. you know, I just added a new tag to one of my bits that makes me laugh.


And it's like, it just came outta the blue one night. It's a good feeling sitting in front of the computer. I'm going over my material. I'm like, oh, like this, this is it. And I. Add that in. Then I added on stage the next day and then Tony's like, you get one line. When did that come from? Yeah. I'm like, I wrote it last night. When your friend knows is the best feeling. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Norman watched me the other night and he was like, that fucking, that Anne Frank line. I was like, the new line. The new stuff. Yeah. New stuff is a golden gift from the cosmos. New stuff's amazing. It's so weird when it hits you in the middle of the night too. You just hook, wake up in the middle of the night, you're like, you just like stumble over to a fucking phone voice memo, fall right back asleep. Yes. You gotta do it. Oh, always. And it's 90% of the time it's shit. But that for that 10%, you have to just do it.


There's been way too many times where I convinced myself that I would remember it. And I didn't remember it. I know there's a Seinfeld episode about that where he like tries to write it down. He is like, what the fuck is this? Yeah. But yeah, it's, it's so I mean. It's funny for what a sitcom sign for was it would like tap in a real standup shit every once in a while. Oh Yeah. I mean it started off with him doing a monologue. Yeah. Remember that? That was the early days. Yeah. He was doing a monologue at a club every time. Yeah. He's Some great bits in there. He's in interesting now hearing him talk about stuff now. 'cause he's kind of realizing where all this woke shit has gone and He doesn't care. No. It's kind of beautiful to watch him be like, like someone heckles him. He is like, fuck you. And you're like, oh my God. Yeah. Jerry versus heckler. Yeah. This is entertaining.


Well, They're all going after him with the Palestine stuff now, so they're interrupting. And he had this Really, but it's Just funny because really response. But you know, he is, it was a great clip. Oh my god. It so Great. He stopped giving Jews money. Yeah. But he also like, but he also is like, you know, he's talking about something like, it's just funny when a clean comic is getting heckled. Right. Because I'm like, yeah, you were, you were probably heckling a bit about like sponges or something. Well, it just shows you like, at this time in history, nothing is safe. This time in history is so screwy that total complete compliance and adherence to every single letter of the doctrine is demanded. And even then they'll move. They'll move what it is. They'll move the boundaries.


They'll move the, the the goalposts. And, and, and then what you were saying a month ago is now problematic. Yeah. And now now you have to adhere to a new thing. Yeah. And. I also just think like, it's, it's annoying that we have to go that way. 'cause like why can't we just all enjoy Jerry? Like it. I guess that's why I think like, why can't we just all enjoy this? Like, I kind of, even if you don't, like, even if you say something don don't like, I'm like, I try to separate the comic from the whatever else, you know? Yeah. I could still listen to Cosby. That's interesting. Yeah. That one would be tough. I I just have to fall asleep sometimes at night and No, no. I I actually don't really listen to Cosby, but I do think I can. I do it with movies all the time. Like I don't, I don't agree with like Woody Allen, Roman Polanski or Woody Allen, but I fucking love movies.


And I. And I. Think Woody Allen's made some of the best movies ever. So yeah, He is made incredible movies and He was a great standup. I mean, you know, I can, I can separate for the most. Cosby's tough 'cause what's it called himself? Yeah. It's tough. Yeah. It's tough to separate. Right? Yeah. It's also just feels dishonest because it's the cleanest shit ever and it's like rape, You know? And this one lady was saying he might be the most prolific serial rapr in history. Yeah. Like, who knows how many people he did it to That I know. Don't come out about it. I know. you know how many people don't know what happened. It's Also tough when the person who does this shit is so holier than th and, And so beloved, But also just so much like, you know, yeah. You need to do things this way. It's like those types of It is so that's a at it's tough, but like, you know, but those Are the type of people that are usually creeps.


Yeah. It's like male feminists are usually the biggest fucking piece of shit. True. Yeah. Because they're, they're, they're putting on an act that they hope you'll respond to if you're a woman. you know? That's true. That's what it is. They're just the most, it's a bait and switch and it's the most manipulative thing. And one of the things you get from those guys, the creepiest of them, they will go after other men and they go after other men publicly. Oh, I remember Jamie Kilstein went after me for a fucking rape joke in like 2013. I had a fucking rape joke that like, I got torn to shreds for by these like fake, you know, feminist things. I had a, I still remember the joke. It was like I say I was fucking a black girl. Not a great joke. I was fucking a black girl while having sex. She kept dropping the n word.


She was like, no. And then I paused And I was like, you guys are worried. I was gonna say the N word then everyone was like, thank God. Rape joke. So that was a joke that like, that somehow that word is more offensive than me raping a person. Yeah. So like the joke killed it would always kill. And then I had another one in the same set. This woman saw me, I said the whole set was rape and No, I said, I said I, my, my girlfriend never makes her wear a condom 'cause she's on the pill. Ambien. Ah, another fun one. Right. There were two quick silly jokes to me. Right. But she wrote a hit piece on me, tore me to shreds. It was like, it went like fucking, it got shared. 'cause I, I showed it to Colin Quinn. I was a young seller comic at the time. It was like 2013. And I showed it to Colin. And he goes, the most fucked up part is she omitted the punchline from your jokes.


Okay. So she is trying to just show that you're a piece of shit. She's not even showing the comedy here. Yeah. He's like, so you have to write something. So I, I wrote something and it then it got shared a ton. Like all these websites, like Solange Jezebel told me to shreds. I was a though, like he's a nobody. All this shit like, just like cutting me down. I was a no. I was, I had nothing going on. And they wanted me to go on like Kuma Bell show at the time to like defend my, and I'm like, my, my manager at the time was like, I don't want your first TV credit to be defending a rape joke. And I was like, I agree. So didn't do shit. But then like, here's the fucking best part. So I had a trans joke in my, in my Netflix special that was like pretty pro trans. I was just like being a contrarian.


I was like, everyone's doing these like trans bad. I'm like, I'm gonna go the other way. Have fun with it went viral and all these people were like, like this is how you fucking do it, blah, blah, blah. One person writes, fuck him. He made bad jokes in 2013. It's the person who fucking tried to cancel me in 2013, who is now a man. So she, oh, she's now a guy. So that's the joke I did in the special. I go, but you know that people can change. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So That's what I say. That's why I called my new special. You've changed for that. but I'm like, what is the fuck? So you can be a different person, but I can't grow as a fucking human. Right, Exactly. The Hypocrisy fuck you forever is absurd.


Yeah. It's absurd. And Also, guess what? I'm a different comic than I was in 2013. Not in like a fucking, I'm, I'm better, I'm a better standup. I take if I go there now. I hope it's a better joke. Yeah. But like how come there's only room for growth on your side? It's fucking absurd. Absurd. Yeah. Well, it's false. And, I accept whatever you fuck you choose to do. It's your body. Do whatever the fuck you want with your life. Hundred percent. But, but the idea that like you get to do whatever you want, but then everyone else is like a target to you. Yeah. Is insane. It is insane. But it just shows you the disingenuous approach to things. And also that the people that are involved in this sort of attacking people, they're not enlightened for a lack of a better term. Not saying that I am, but their, their level of compassion is not, it's not for everybody.


It's only for people that agree with them. You, you A progressive, but only you can progress. Yeah, exactly. And it's also only people that, only everybody. Only people that agree with you 100%. But then let's look into your own life. I guarantee you're a Mess. I know. Well these were the people that went after Shane too. You have to realize, and, and the fucked up way they went after Shane was that, I remember they went after Shane so hard. They remember, I think it was CNN had a thing. They were like, people who are canceled this year. And it was Weinstein, Cosby, and Shane. Oh my god. And I was like, This is like a SAT question. Which one doesn't fit? Yeah. This is so fucking unfair. So, you know, I, I think that ship, that ship has sailed. I think it's for the most part over And, I think like, we're mostly laughing about it now. Yeah.


But, you know, but now you see it with the tenacious D guy and now I, it's, it's predominantly the left that goes after people. But like now it's, it's kind of, this was the right where they're like celebrating the, the Kyle Gas thing where I'm like, Hey man, it's either all okay or none of it. It's the South Park guy. It's either all okay or nun's. Okay. Yeah. The guy said something on stage because he's signaling to all his liberal followers and he's trying to be cool. And he probably had no idea that that was gonna get out to the rest of the world. He thought he was just saying it to his crowd and he didn't understand. 'cause he is like 60 years old, you know? You see that guy? He's old as fuck, Probably. I don't, I didn't see it. But yeah, he's Like a super old triple vax liberal. Yeah. And he, you know, he said something and it was a stupid thing to say.


And then they, you had to cancel their whole fucking tour and they get death threats and, well, I'm bummed that Jack Black canceled on him. Well, they all canceled I Mean. Well, that's your friend though. I mean That's, that bummed me out because I, I think Jack Black's hilarious. So that, that bumed Me out. We didn't throw his friend under the bus. He said he was blindsided by it. And that he doesn't support hate speech, political hate speech. I just, Yeah. I mean, but what is hate speech is my other thing. It's like, either made a joke. You, you either say it's a joke or Right. Or it is actual, it's either a joke or it's not a joke. It is the definition of too soon. Yeah. That's what it's Sure. It was two Days and the joke bombed. Yeah. Right. I mean it didn't, It was like a Oh, Jesus. I don't like, I don't think, do I think it's a good joke? No, no. But also like, why are you calling for I don't like the calling for people's heads either.


Yeah. I don't like it either. I think they're just delaying their tour. He's just gonna take some time off. Come back. He Just wanted a back, a Vacation. No, I really think that's what the decision was. I think the decision was to stop the tour and then come back. Yeah, Maybe. Yeah. Isn't that what they said? Tours canceled. He is been dropped by his agent Also. Oh, nevermind. Whoa. Jesus. I was about to be like, you know what, summer is hard, the tour, but now Yeah. That Sounds, has everybody been dropped or just that one guy? It just says Him. Jack Black hasn't been dropped. Yeah. You're a dumb fucking Asian if you're dropping that one. Yeah. If you drop Jack Black, like, yo, at first I thought Jack Black said it. No, when I saw the clip, I was like, oh no. I was watching Tropic Thunder the other day on tv. It's still funny. It's amazing. It's really funny. It's The last free movie.


They Don't do it anymore, dude. Where they were free. You can't do a movie like that. It someday it'll come back around. I asked Robert Downey Jr on the podcast, I said, do you think you can make Tropic Thunder today? He's like, oh, you could make it. I saw that. He's awesome. He's great. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's a, you know, Ben Stiller doesn't get enough credit for kind of just going for it with that shit that was in That movie. He just went for it. A hundred. So did Tom Cruise. Remember when Tom Cruise played that Fat Agent with the bug? He was awesome. Arms. I was like, I saw that was, I wanna see you do more comedy enough. I like, I know you want to do your own stunts and you're like a fuck. You have a death wish and it's badass and stuff. But like, I wanna see Tom Cruise in a comedy. Yeah. Well, Listen, I know Tom Tom Cruise is a loon, but Tom Cruise, because the fact he's a loon can kind of do anything I mean.


He can, like he played the Vampire List statin interview with the Vampire. And, and all of Ann Rice's fans were protesting, like, why people did not want Tom Cruise to play Lestat. But He's great. He's great. But if you didn't know Tom Cruise at the time was Top Gun. Yeah. He was like, fucking Blockbuster boy. And then all he's gonna play this homosexual vampire who's like this weak, it's called acting. Yeah. But it's, it was too beloved to them. To the people that like, have you ever read Interview With a Vampire? No, I haven't. It's fucking Amazing. But he's more gay than he is a pool shark. And he played a pool shark in the color of money. So who gives a shit? Yeah. The pool shark wasn't believable, Unfortunately. But he did. But he did learn how to do it though. That was More offensive to me than the vampire.


He learned kind Of, kind of. If I watched him play, I'd be like, come on. But you're good at pool. Yeah. That's the difference. I suck if I but if you watch someone play guitar and you don't know how to play guitar, I don't know what's going on. Right. But if you're a really good guitar player and you say, oh, he's not even hitting the right keys when that sounds coming out, this is bullshit. That's not how you play guitar. It's like seeing comedy in a movie Punchline. It's usually rough Punchline with Sally Fields and Tom Hanks. do you see that? It's rough. Yeah, it's fucking awful. With the lockers. They have lockers. They have lockers. Yeah, They have Lockers. I love Tom Hanks, but yeah, it's not fucking, yeah, it's not a comedy. Doesn't, the only time I saw it kind of work was when Sandler did it in the, in the Judd Aow movie. Like, because Sandler does standup though, Right?


He's a real comic. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You could do a movie with comedy in it like Louis did with, with Louis. you know, You'd have Louis's Such a good show. That's a show. I sent him an email like a year ago. It was like 2:00 AM I just wrote him an email being like, man, I, I missed shows like this. And I missed the representation of New York. And I, And I Love how like you make New York like disgusting and ugly, but also like, kind of beautiful and a mess and, and like a against you at all times. Like I, there was a scene in that show where he, he misses, do you know what I'm talking about with the flight? He misses the flight and the woman just typing in, he's like, what happened to the flight? She just keeps typing. She goes, it, it was canceled. He's like, why?


And she goes, it crashed. And he goes, oh my God, is anyone okay? And she's like, keeps Stiping. She goes, everyone's dead except one baby. Like, that type of joy is so absurd and silly. But it got me So. Like, we'll get so angry when we miss a connect flight and then everyone's dead is such a great, like, that was his mind. And, and he wrote like a long thing back just being like, that was like a really cool time in my life. And, and like, how much, you know, he put into it, that show I think is like brilliant. you know, He edited that show on his MacBook And, and the, the music. Yeah. And he edit that show on the 12 inch MacBook. The little tiny one. Hmm. And I Go, why are you doing it on that? He goes, I like doing it on this little thing.


Yeah. That show is, I re-watched it recently. And I was like amazed at how well it holds up. Like it's, it's, it's A great show. It's a great show. And I. Remember when he did Lucky Louie? I like that too. Lucky Lou was okay. Yeah. but I, I talked to him at the Improv one night, we're hanging out And I was like, what would you do different? you know? 'cause it was like, it had all fallen apart. Yeah. He goes, I would, I would fire all the rider. He goes, I didn't wanna fire them. He goes, I just, I would've fired everybody. Well, He also was trying to do like a Jackie Gleason like Sitcomy type thing. Right. And his strength is being himself. Right. So that's, I still enjoyed it, but yeah. Louis's like, on another level. Yeah. Well, Louis was him with freedom. you know, it's like if you take a guy like that and you just, just let him, he's gonna do the best he can.


He's gonna do the best he can. Always. Yeah. You just gotta let him do that. Yeah. And to get outta the way. You're not going to give him good ideas. You're not gonna help. I know. You're, you're not. He gave me a tag once for a joke and it killed him. I immediately, And I was like, that's a good comic right there. Oh, he's great. He's good at comedy. Yeah. I a King Kong joke. He gave me a great tag once about King Kong's wife giving him shit. And I had, I had a joke where I said, it's a joke that I did in the joke in the movie, the Joker. I say, I did a million jokes for that movie. And they, there's the one they used. but I said, you know, men and women look at sex differently. Men look at it like, women look at sex like, like buying a car. You're like, can I see myself in this long term? Is it safe? Is it reliable?


Could it kill me? And I said, men look at sex like parking a car. We're like, there's a spot, there's another spot. Oh, I have to pay. Nevermind. And Louis goes, you should add handicapped Hope no one sees this. I had a handicapped line, but his hope, no one sees this hit harder. And I was like, there, there we go. It just worked. Hope no one sees this is so much more fucked up and funny. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I had a handicapped line, but it it worked. But this one then killed And. I was like, he's good. Yeah. And I never, I don't really normally take tags, but when it's Louis, you're kinda like, let me try it. Yeah. And then it was too good to not tell Too good. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta take it. Yeah. But it's like so fun when you have a joke and people think it's over, and then there's, you know, there's one more line.


Especially if you're doing like, you know, a tough crowd and they're like, and then they're like, all right. They have to like, give it up a little bit. That was good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's always great when you find those too. When you've got the beginning of a joke and it's kind of doing okay. In the early days of the joke, you just started trotting it out. Yeah. You're fucking with it and working. And you're like, God, there's something there. And then you find the next thing and boom, you open up a new door. Yeah. Now you have a whole new door that is attached to the premise. That's a bunch of new angles you can take. Yeah. It's fucking, it's a, it's a great thing. It's like you have a toy that you find it, you're like, oh, I didn't know it did that. Yeah. It's so cool. Louis said he's gonna take a year off. And so he's basically taken, I think a year and a Half. I think he took I mean he's, I saw him.


It's almost a year, right? Yeah. I saw him at The Cellar and he was, he was trying some new stuff and it was funny. And was like recently. Yeah. He is always funny. Okay, so he is back. Yeah. He saw, I saw, I hate when a comic, like, that's in the back of the room and I'm fucking around just trying to find shit. I'm like, goddammit, And, I. Get off And. I go. Hey Lou. He's like, what's up man? Yeah. Goddammit. I was fucking around. Yeah. I love that when people are doing that though. I know You're funny. And I'm not gonna, like, if I see someone have a, a weird set where they're working on new shit, I never think, Ugh, Sam sucked now. you know, like, that would, you'd be an idiot for thinking that. Yeah. I guess we're always in our head a little bit, you know, like always part of, if once you think you're not, once you think you're awesome, you're fucking done.


I had a set once where I switched the order of things on the spot for some strange reason. I decided to try it this way. And it worked great. but I realized as I was into the set that I missed a giant part of one of the bits. 'cause I switched it around and it didn't fit anymore. And I couldn't add it anywhere else. And so I was in my head for like, but I was still killing. Yeah. but I was in my head. And then after it was over, I'm like, I gotta listen to this. It must be fucked up. But it, no, it was gr the, the recording was great. Yeah. I was listening to 'em like, this was all like a self-inflicted mind fuck. Yeah. Because I knew that there was more to the bit, but they didn't know there was more to the bit. I know. They just thought, but you knew There was more.


Exactly. And that it's to knowing though, when you leave Yes. And there was more meat on the bone. I hate that feeling. I mean, dude, the worst. It happens a lot when you, you're like, well, lemme try. Sometimes you try to flex. You're like, let me open with an abortion joke and see if I can dig outta this hole. No. And it misses and you're like, oh fuck. Now they hate me. but I do it all the time. Like, I, I have a new Hitler chunk. I was doing it at your club last night, And. I'm like, let me open on this. And they're like, now you can't open. I'm the Hitler joke. You gotta earn it. Give, give 'em four minutes. Yeah. You gotta get 'em to trust the way you think about things. So I love late night sets still, even though they're like, so I mean, but I like, not even that many comics do 'em anymore, but when you watch an old one and you're like, oh, a guy had you had to open on this joke for a reason? Like there's this comic in New York, Nick Griffin, who's like, he was like the master of the Letterman sets.


I thought his Lettermans like 11 Lettermans. They're all flawless, you know? And every opening joke was perfect. He had a joke where he goes, they say to live every day. Like, it's your last. So I've been crying a lot lately. That's a great fucking joker. you know? He goes, I hate, there's another one he opened with. I always look at the opener because I'm, I'm fascinated by it. He goes, I hate these celebrities, lady Gaga. you know? Oh, the press, the press is bothering me. Ah, cool. Visa's bothering me. That's like, per, alright. You're self-deprecating outta the gate. It's a quick joke, right? Like, I like the quick laugh. Yeah. Yeah. Visa's bothering me. Want to trade? It's like a great line.


Yeah. The construction of a great joke and, and starting off with a great joke is so important for opening acts. I always tell that for guys on the road, like, if they've never done like a big theater before and they're coming with me, I'm like, listen, go out there. Say hi to 'em. Don't rush. Don't rush into your first joke. Yeah. But when you commit that first joke's gotta be a banger. Yeah. 'cause they don't know you. And it might not get the laughs you think it deserves. 'cause the audience isn't warmed up yet. But you gotta accept that. But you gotta start out with a banger. Well, even if they're not laughing hard, at least they're like, okay, okay. Like, they might not be laughing, but they might have a smile on their face. Yeah. you know? And then if you Are literally warming them up Yes. You're warming them up. And that's why I appreciate comics who warm up crowds with jokes and not just like, bullshit.


Oh yeah. Because I, I have a respect for people that whatever way you warm 'em up, however you get 'em. Sure. Cool. But like, I tour with Gary Veder and it's just killer deadpan, one-liners. They're all just like deadpan. And I'm like, this is, he's low energy, so they have to listen. And for me, that sets the table where, you know, every joke is fucking killer. Dude, I have to piss where I'm gonna break. Let's take a little break. We'll be right back. Yeah. Ron moved out here in like 2017 or 18. Yeah. And I called I. mean like, he was always at the store too, because he had a, he had a condo in Beverly Hills, or excuse me, he had a house in Beverly Hills. It wasn't a condo, it was a mansion. And he just said, I'm fucking moving to Texas.


He goes, I love It here. I, I travel. It's in the middle of the country. Easy to take a flight to anywhere. People are nicer. No traffic. Food's fucking great. And that kind of put the seeds in my head. That was like the first seeds in my head. I was like, oh, awesome. Did you not like la? Nope. Nope. It's too many people. I think you get around too many people. It's not good for your head. I think too many people like that, people become, they become a, a, a problem rather than a, a resource. you know? There's too many, they get in the way. They're in the way of things. It's too clogged up. And, I think it creates anxiety when you're stuck in traffic all the time. I think that's bad for you. I wanted to just also, I didn't trust it.


I felt like it could fall apart at any moment. Yeah. It was always like, I was always waiting for the next earthquake or the next fire. I was evacuated three times from my house, from fires. Jesus. Yeah. Last one, two houses in front of my house, burnt to the ground right in front of my house. What the Fuck? Yeah. The wildfires were crazy. Yeah. It's fucking scary. Right. Fucking scary when you see 'em coming. you know, I came home from the comedy store and it was like one o'clock in the morning and me and my wife were looking out the window at the fire coming over the hill. And we made an early call. We said, look, if we're wrong, we'll come back. The house is still here, but let's just get the fuck outta here now. I'm like, that's too close. They weren't evacuating yet.


I'm like, let's get outta here. And so we got all of our shit and we got a hotel in Beverly Hills. And then next thing you know, it swept through our neighborhood. That's fucking horrible. It Burnt 40, I think 40 houses in my neighborhood. Jesus Christ. Dude. It was crazy. That's awful. In my neighborhood and in the Neighbor neighborhoods. That's like July or what? I don't remember when it happened. I wanna say don don't know. I mean LA's Dry. It's dry. All it takes is a good wind and, and fires. But it, it happened three times, three separate times. We had to get evacuated. Yeah. It was weird, man. And you, when you see, when you see it, when you see the walls of flame that are from the left to the right, everywhere you could see is flames.


And you see houses going up. It's spooky man. It's spooky like a horror movie. Yeah. And then you realize, like, I talked to a fireman once, this is one of the reasons it freaked me out. I had one of the, well, I'm wearing an LA fire department show. Shut up. Yeah. Fire department shirt. It's a badass job. Fucking tough people, man. Yeah. They, those, those fucking people, they don't get nearly the credit that they deserve. So I was talking to this guy and he was telling me, he goes, dude, one day he goes, it's just gonna be the right wind and fire's gonna start in the right place and it's gonna burn through LA all the way to the ocean. And there's not a fucking thing we can do about it. I go, really? He goes, yeah, we're just, we just get lucky. He goes, we get lucky with the wind. Jesus goes, but if the wind hits the wrong way, it's just gonna burn straight through LA and there's not gonna be a thing we could do about it.


'cause these fires are so big, dude. When they're talking about like thousands of acres that are burning simultaneously with like 40 mile an hour winds and the wind's just blowing embers through the air. And those embers are landing on roofs and those houses are going up and they're landing on bushes and those bushes are going up and everything's dry. And once it happens, it happens in a way where it's so spread out that there's nothing they can do. There's nothing They do. Yeah. You just have to evacuate. Right. Nothing, nothing they can do. They just gotta get out of there. It's fucking weird, Dude. One of the worst I ever bombed ever in my career. And. I wasn't that good at the time either. So it was easy to make me bomb. but I was, I had done one of those naca, one of those college things.


Those are bad. And I got, I did well at the thing, And I. I got a bunch of gigs. And so I was really funny at the Naka show I killed. And so I got this gig. And I was headlining and JB Smooth was opening. And it was this weird gig in New Jersey. And it was in the middle of nowhere. And this is back way before navigation. So you would get a piece of paper that would say, take the 4 0 5 to the this, take a right here. Go down to the, you know, so you'd have to really follow the directions. And it was complicated. And I, remember I, I left real early. And I still. It took a long time to get there. And I finally found the place. And I was there, but JB Smooth was not there. And the show was supposed to start in like 20 minutes.


And so I said, what do you guys wanna do? And they said, well, we'll just wait for him. Don't worry about it. Everyone's just sitting in the hall like waiting for the show to start. It's fine. So they go, okay, great. So I sat down And I started watching TV and there's a show on about the Malibu fires. And it is the most fucking depressing thing I've ever seen in my life. This guy who was a fireman, his HI think his house was actually saved. The guy that was crying, but he was just weeping. 'cause his whole life he had invested and saved money to make this house and built this house. And his house survived. But like his neighbor's house is fucked. His other like, it's so random, which houses get burnt, which houses did.


And then there was this kid who was calling for his dog. So his kids walking to the street like, rusty, where are you Rusty? It's the saddest shit ever. No, the dog's dead as fuck. you know? Yeah. Everything's dead. It's like you, you're looking at the most insane wasteland of burnt homes and people weeping and crying and people died in their cars. It was horrible, horrible shit. And then they come in the room, they say like, JB is not gonna be here in time, so we're just gonna have you go up first. And then if he gets here, he'll go on after you. I'm like, okay. Yeah. And so I went on stage like sad from the Malibu fire. And. I was not funny at all. I could muster. Yeah. Funny. I couldn't And I. Remember this girl I was dating at the time? She was there with me.


She goes, what the fuck was that? And? I was like, I watched the Malibu fire thing. I was fucking sad. No, She's dry too. Yeah. Ah. And then JB went up after me and murdered. Murdered. He's funny because he came in loose and like, he was like, I got lost and went on stage and he was just killing. Sometimes you just gotta not watch the news. Never watch The news. But that's what that, that's the thing about this cable news. Like I watch it. I'm just like, why would I watch this? I feel fucking horrible. You feel horrible and it's not helping you And I mean you really like, you gotta be real careful about any input that gets in your mind before you go on stage. Yeah. You shouldn't have an argument with your girlfriend. You shouldn't call your friend that owes you money. Yeah. You shouldn't talk to your parents.


Yeah. you know, you have to be careful about what input, like, that's why I like the green room at the club. You go in there, the music's playing comics are in there, good music too. Everybody's hanging. It's a good vibe. Like it feels good. And then you go on stage with a smile on your face. Like we, you have to. Yeah. That's what it's supposed to be About. No, that dude, I I mean We've all done those benefits where they're like those to be like, here, this is a benefit for, you know, I did a benefit Reese. I didn't fucking think. I don't, I usually look what it's for. So I know it's a good cause. but I was like in a rush. And I just showed up to a benefit. you know, like, alright, I'll fuck it. I don't kill, it'll be fine. I like, within 30 seconds, I open on a joke, drinking on muscle relaxers, like silence And. I'm like, okay, something's wrong here.


I whatever. I keep powering through bombing my dick off the crowd's looking at me like, who is this guy? This guy sucks. And I get off. And the guy running, it's like, what the fuck is wrong with you And? I go, what do you mean? He goes, it's a benefit for a guy who died from drinking on muscle relaxers. And I was like, so I chose the wrong material. And How about let me know that before I go on stage? They sent something I didn't read. It was my fault entirely. It was completely my fault. but I, I, I, yeah. I was like, oh shit. But I've done those days where they're like, sometimes you do a benefit where you know what it's for and you bought where they're like, you know, it's a, you know, a thing for a cancer benefit or like a Holocaust thing and they show Holocaust footage and you're like, Hey, not a great warmup act. Yeah. Listen, I'll just give you money.


Yeah. You want a check? I'll send you a check. I'm not performing. But if it's walking distance, I'll pretty much always do it just For the fun. Just for funsies. Well, it's like a, it's easy to just walk in and do a set. It's like, I've done some that were good. I've done some benefits that were fun and they were good. But I've also done some that maybe go, I'm never doing one of these again. Yeah. This is just not worth doing. I think comedy should only be in a comedy club. Like when I hear about people doing corporate gigs, I'm like, what are you doing? And why are you doing that? Getting money doing that. I know, but it's not that, are you gonna notice, like are, do you notice if you, like, if you have, let's say you have $10,000 in your bank account. Do you notice if you have 10,500? You don't Well, yeah. Who's getting paid 500 for one of those things?


I'm just saying. So if you have, my point was, if you have 10 million in the bank, right. Like some people I know that do these fucking things and you get tortured for $10,000. Mm. Like Tony just did one, he got tortured for $10,000. He goes, it was the worst thing I've ever done in my life. I go, why'd you do it? He goes, he offered me $10,000 and it was right down the street, so I just did it. I go, you're not gonna notice that $10,000, but you're gonna feel that bomb. You're gonna feel That. Well you might get a funny story too. I always think like I mean, dude, that's why I do morning TV things. I'm like, it's gonna be bad, but it's gonna be funny, bad. I You brought that up because that morning Joe one was amazing. Oh my God. That was hilarious. 'cause you know what the funny part is? Like, I wasn't even misbehaving on that one. They just hated me. And it was even funnier. Like he, he set me up in a way where he was like, he clearly hasn't watched my shit.


Which is fine. I know he hasn't. but I clearly a producer's a fan of mine. So they're like giving him lines for my special to queue me up. So he queued me up for a gun. Baby joke. And I was like, I'll get, I'll tell the joke. And I told it. And he just looked at me like, Yeah, And. I'm like, yeah dude. Well what do you want? Well, I sent you that stuff on him. Like, that's the guy that was gaslighting us. Like, this is the best Biden ever. And if you don't want to, you don't believe me. F you. Well, he, you know, the thing about a lot of those guys are is like, as I said, it's poison, these cable shows. But instead of being like, sometimes you'll follow a comic and they're like a hack, but they know they're a hack and they're like, I'm sorry, I just have to go out and do. And you're like, oh yeah, whatever. Right. But he like goes on, he acts like the, all these guys, they go on, they act like they're like doing the Lord's work.


Like they're Edward r Murro or something. Yeah. And I'm like, oh, so you, you're gonna do this and think you're like, there's like this type of like liberal elitism where it's like, there, there's two types of like older liberals. There's like the type that like is like an old hippie and is like, oh man, that was cool. You did that shit. And then there's types that look at you like, Well he wasn't a liberal. No, he used to be a Republican. Yeah. And then he got on M-S-N-B-C. Yeah. You gotta, you gotta go with the money. I guess. Changed His panties. Yeah. It was, that was a weird segment. but I actually, that was awesome. but I get off on that a little bit. I kind of like when I know it's gonna be bad. I think it's funny 'cause I'm just like, well, it's live. What are they? I can just do whatever I want. Yeah. It's funny to me when it goes horribly.


Those are state run propaganda shows. That's all they are. They're, they're bullshit news distribution. And, and I'll happily go back marriage Distribution, but good. I en I do enjoy it. Like, I think it's, I Enjoyed it. There's something I enjoyed watching him react. And there it was a great joke. That's a good bit. The it's a very good bit. Yeah. And watching him not respond that very good bit. I'm like, you can't even admit that. That's a good bit. That's What bums me out a little bit is like they Yeah. They kind of like, just fucking smile. Come on bro. I know you're not admitting that. I'm not saying school shootings are okay. Right. I'm just saying this joke works. Right. It's just a and A joke. Sometimes you can just smile at the, at the fun of the jokes. But like, I guess I think of those crowds and you think of those crowds.


You're like, not only do you think I'm, I'm shit, you think you're better than me. And. I feel it. And that's a bummer. Well that position of being that guy in the suit with the fucking makeup on in front of the camera, speaking the truth, that's an intoxicating power position. Feel good. I guess don don't Know. Well, I mean don don't know. But it must feel all Right. It's an intoxicating, keep doing it. Power position for those people. you know, they wanna be that guy that is the, the center of the new show. Yeah. And you know, all the people are waiting for them to talk. And there's all the cameramen and they're all pointed at him. Makes some super important. There's people behind the scenes with clipboards. They're all looking at him. Yeah. Those idiots like that. It's funny 'cause the producers were like quoting my bitch.


They knew who I was and Yeah. They were Regular people. Yeah. And they, they psychos they were really cool. And they, and so I'm sure that's who gave them that thing. They were like, talk about guns and babies. And I was like, you got it. And I mean fuck. God bless. Even Al Sharpton kind of chuckled. At least I was like, I got something outta him. Even That's funny. you know? Come on, gimme something. Al Sharpton's an old school Grifter. He knows A good joke. Old school. Yeah. Come on I mean that guy's entire career started on a false rape accusation. Yeah. Yeah. Get out there and do the real thing, buddy. You see what he looks like now? He's lost like, like a bubble. All of his weight. Yeah. He's like, he's like super, super thin. Oh, there I am. Wow. I look well, what the fuck is wrong with me? Yeah. Let's hear it.


Disappointed Sam. I'm not gonna Lie, but I, I'm very, Wherever I go, I show up at places and people are like, It's very, oh no, it's earlier in this, this is the end. You gotta go watch party. It's way earlier. Ter. 'cause you said something About him. No, no. Go to the beginning. The beginning where he sets up the gun jokes. The funny one. Hey, they gave me a nice plug though. There's something. Guess It's here. Presidential election. And Sam joins us now. Sam, I, I just, I I gotta start with this quote because it's most relevant. It is, it is. Oh no. I'd go to past the election here. Yeah. This is whatever. This is just me making a Biden joke or whatever Trump Biden joke. The Yeah. The next right there. Maybe Parallel of guns and babies together. Yeah. But you do it masterfully.


Explain. Well, both are easy to hate. But then you hold one and you're like, I kind of get it. you know? We laughed at that. Yeah. Yeah. Both annoying on airplanes. Yeah. Anyone new. And they have either you like it could be a problem, you know? And both will be in a school soon. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Let's take a a Look. He did not like that. Yeah, Exactly. Well that's one that you can't, like what do you do? What do you even say to that? Yeah. Yeah. But you know, he, He laughed a little bit. It was more than I thought. Remember a little gimme a Hint. It wasn't that bad. But Al Sharpton was laughing. Yeah. 'cause I told him, I was like, I bet you're a Sam Morril fan. Just like playfully. And he was like, he was like, I, but I could be.


Yeah. And then I was like, I was like, you know, I, I brought up the thing about like, Anne Frank. No. When Justin Bieber went to Anne Frank's house in, in the sign, in book wrote, I think she would've been a believer. I'm like, that's how I feel about you and me. Did he say that? I said that to him. Did No, did, did Justin Bieber really do that? Yeah. Yeah. He got a lot of shit for that years ago. Whoa. Yeah. But come on. We, we old was entertainers. We fucking get it. How old was He? He was a baby. He was young. Yeah. I mean. Yeah. The fuck is he supposed to do? Yeah. He Just figure things out trying to be mean. Shocking. He was in a shocking phase. you know? I think he was like, I meant, I think he meant it in like, good spirits. I don't think he was like trying to be like, fuck her. I think he was like trying to have fun with it, you know? Yeah. But, but I said that to Al Al Sharpton. He was like, yeah.


He like went with it. I was like, all right. Well the thing is those places are not places for humor. There's no, no room for humor. 'cause they think they're saving the world. It's like, but the world stays and then you just annoyed everybody your entire career. Yeah. And you didn't save anything ever. You never changed anybody's opinion. You didn't, you just, people that's Bullshit. People you's shocked. They want me on these shows. 'cause I'm just like, I'm like, I'm, I'm I'll happily go in. but I'm just shocked in there. I'm like, I'm, I'm there. Just like laughing in the green room. Like, this is gonna be bad. Like, I know it's gonna be bad. They need anything But I. Yeah. I went on the Ari Melba one once and he just like would set me up for jokes and then look at me like, so why is that funny? And I'd be like, are you fucking kidding me? Because it's a joke. I don't know. Clearly it's not funny don don't know. you know, but you're just rolling with, it Was a big thing.


Difference between being funny on a talk show in front of a person who's not ready to be laughing. And then an audience at the club. That's why I Play with the producers. Usually. I'm trying to get them laughing because my, 'cause then if you hear laughs in the background, it's undeniable. But if I'm just bombing for one dude. Yeah. It's fucking weird. Yeah. You Want to play the camera guys? Yeah. The normal people, camera guys in the grips. Get Them to laugh. I love doing that shit though. I, I, all my friends are like, you're a psycho for going on morning shows. 'cause like, you know, Stavos and Norman are like, I'm not waking up at 7:00 AM to do this. I'm like, I will happily you still do it. Of course if they'll hap, but few will have me. The last one that had me was in Salt Lake City, Utah. And they were like, they knew I do this. So they were, the guy came in the green room and was like, fucking with me.


I'm in the green room with my friend Gary Der. I made him come with me because I'm like, I can't do this. It's like a bank robbery. I need an Uber waiting for me because I need to get right out. Right. But the guy was fucking with me in the green room. Like the anchor was like a, a handsome Mormon guy being like, oh, you're gonna fuck with me. And. I looked at Gary like, this guy's got like an edge. I was like, I was like, yeah, I guess don don't know. And he's like, yeah, let's see if you fuck with. He was like kind of being a dick. And I was like, all right. Wow. So then in my head I'm like, I'm gonna fuck with him. So I went on there, And I. It was like the week the Diddy shit broke. And I was like, man, how about that P Diddy? And he, and he was just like, well, we're not gonna talk about that. And I was like, well anyway, P Diddy. I just kept doing it and he got pissed. And his anchor, the woman was cool as fuck. She was laughing, but he just kept being like, well you're well you'll never be invited back.


And Oh no. Yeah. And I And I was like, I had to pretend I was upset that I was never gonna be back on Good Morning Salt Lake. I was like, oh no. And then, and the, but then of course after the segment I'm leaving and I'm trying to get out of there with Gary. But all the crews like stopping me and they're like grabbing me. They're like trying to take selfies. 'cause they're like, we all hate him. So I'm like, oh cool. That's hilarious. But yeah, it was a, you Ever see Segura when he used to do DJ Dad Mouth? He's a I love it. Yeah. I love it. I love it's fun. It's like, you know what, it, it's such a fake type of TV that it's fun for us to go on. Yeah. And just be ourselves. Yeah. And it's, I love that shit. I love, I still have a weird fondness for like, the comfort of that and then fucking with it.


I, I don't know why, but I throw sometimes I'll be like at home and I'll throw on Good Morning America in the, I'm like, this is kind of funny how like, I dunno if they're like cooking something, it's peaceful. don don't know. It's weird to watch some of those shows. Like, I watch The View every now and then just 'cause I don't know anybody that I've Never seen one episode. Whew. I've never seen it. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta go for a walk after you see them just kinda go, what? Yeah. I still, these are voters. I choose to know Whoopi Goldberg from the movie Eddie, where she's the Knicks coach. That's how I choose to think of her. Yeah. That shows Never seen it. There's a bunch of those shows where you're just like, who are these people? And how do they think this way? Yeah. But you need to know that those people exist and that there's a bubble. And those people exist in a bubble and they all think they're right and they clap and there's no one disagrees with them.


Yeah. Well, it's good to, well that's, I would happily go in the View, man. I would love, I would love to go. I've, I've heard if I think I'd make a, a nice little impression. I love the clip of Norm on The View. That's the clip I've seen. Yeah. Norm was great. Norm was really funny. Was Talking about Hillary Clinton killing people. That's Pretty funny. I just like disrupting. Like, I think the disrupting is really funny. It's very funny. Yeah. Norm was the best at that. He was, yeah. I, I, yeah. I wish I knew him. I only met him twice and he was so nice the two times I met him. But he was, I met him on last Comic Standing where I got eliminated immediately. I, I had a pretty good set, but then I had a feeling they weren't gonna move. I watched two comics in front of me. Fucking bomb and move on, by the way. but I. Yeah. I remember Keenan Ivory Wayans was like, ah, you were funny on some jokes and not funny on others.


And I just like sarcastically responded. Well, I loved all your scary movie films. And, and it got a big pop. And he goes, I only did the first two. I'm like, it was a joke. don don't know. I'm fucking trying to survive here. And then afterwards Norm saw me on the way to the bathroom and was like, I like the shit on him. That was funny. Yeah. And that was like my one interaction with, and then another time I met him at Caroline's where we were doing March Madness style. do you know what that was? Where it was like one on one. He had do like 60 seconds verse 60 seconds. And I was in the finals. I think I lost to Dan Soder in the championship, which is like, I was happy to, I love Dan. So I was kind of like, it's kind of fun to Right. Even be in the finals with Dan. But Norm was hanging with us and he's like, he said something. He is like, man, I hate this shit. They, it's like, they take you out back and fuck you in the ass.


And we were just like, yeah, we like, we didn't know what he was talking about. We're like, is Norm just fucking go with whatever he says. He's a fucking legend. you know? I randomly sat next to him twice on airplanes. Wow. Yeah. Well you guys were buddies, right? Yeah. Well we knew each other. We knew each other from the clubs. But just randomly, we happened to be in the same city, the same town on the same plane. And he sat next to me twice. That's amazing. Yeah, it was amazing. And So like for three hours, me and Norm just talking shit and having fun. And one time, one of my favorite stories was he was on, he's like, yeah, I quit cigarettes. I quit smoking. Say fucking cigarettes are terrible. They're terrible for you. They kill you. And so we're talking about cigarettes and he, we get off the plane and he immediately runs into one of the, the shops and grabs a pack of cigarettes.


Of course he's lighting it before he gets out the door. Out the door. He's like, I go, I thought you quit cigarettes. I did. But we were talking about it. I wanted one. you know, I just couldn't help myself. So funny. Oh, he was an Animal. A legend. Yeah. Real legend. And even the way he went out, you know, didn't even tell anybody. Just went to Canada died. Who the fuck would ever do that anymore? Like no one. No one. Everybody makes a big deal out of it. They post on social media, these tearful videos. I'm in stage four and, you know Yeah. Thank you for all your hopes and wishes and prayers and Yeah. And Norm was like, Hmm, I'm just just gonna ride off in the sunset. Yeah. He was so fucking funny. And you know, you see so many videos of him online now. Like, anytime anything comes up, there's always a norm joke and you kind of forget that he's dead.


you know? Yeah. Because he's so funny. It's weird that it's like giving him, I hate a second life. Kind of like a weird way. Because I think it's really unfortunate some of these guys who are brilliant, like they don't get their due until like, obviously he was huge and he was a weak update guy did so much great stuff and movies and all that stuff. But like, but Not what he deserved. Not what he deserved. And I. I, I felt the same way about Greg Giraldo and about like Patrice. I think a lot of those guys kind of didn't get the love they deserved. Yeah. Until, until Afterwards. I feel like if Patrice survived, he would be the number one podcaster in the world. Yeah. That's what I feel like. I feel like the only reason why I'm number one is 'cause Patrice isn't alive. 'cause he, he was smart but also hilarious, but also did not give a fuck.


Yeah. Like, did not give any fucks and would tell people to their face the most ridiculous shit that happened to be true. And you know, and he was the master at it. He was so good at it. Like on opening Anthony, he was the best at calling people out on their bullshit. Yeah. And then having points Him at his best was fucking, oh, he was so good. But, but he did fuck around a lot. I think. Like I hear about, I hear stories of the seller all the time. They're like, God, we wish he would like try. 'cause he would just not try sometimes he just didn't give a shit. Well It was also, that's a lot of the ways those guys would come up with material. you Know? That's a good point. Like, that was Damon Wayans thing. I used to Damon Wayans, in my opinion. I still say this to this day, the most underrated of all the greats.


I think Damon Wayans is one of the all time greats. Yeah. But he kind of stopped doing it in the height of his, if you ever seen this HBO special, the last Stand. Yeah. We was like getting, he's like murdering to the point of Yeah. Murdering. He was so good, dude. but I used to see him at the store all the time. And he would go on stage for an hour and a half with no material And he would murder. He Films every set. He has a tape recorder in the back of the room, like a, a camera that's filming every set. And he archives them all. So he has like every set that he's ever done since like the 1990s. Wow. And I saw him just a few years back, I wanna say five, six years ago at the improv. Same thing. He was starting to do standup again.


Had the camera out on stage, fucking around. And he, that's how he would take a bit and then put words to it and pump it up and change it. But he would come up with the initial premise out of nothing. Yeah. Like there was no, he ha he was silence. It's, it was Just talking. People who write on stage like that, it's to me kind of insane. It's Insane. It's insane. He I mean, I wonder if his film career made him kind of, it must have put, made him put standup on hold a bit. 'cause that was film And tv. Remember he had a TV series. Yeah. When you have a TV series for those guys, especially that were in the nineties, that was the golden carrot.


That was the thing. You get a sitcom and that's what everybody wanted. So even if you don't really necessarily think that's the best thing for you, like, you know, you can make money doing standup and travel and doing the road. Those guys get tired. They don't wanna do the road anymore. And then the the sitcom job is so easy. Yeah. You just show up and you're getting a hundred grand a week. Yeah. A hundred grand a week. Just every Fucking week. Fucking say words. Yeah. It's not that hard. You know, and his and his movies, like, he's a good actor. Yeah. He was, he was funny at that I mean. Yeah. I, I, I remember I did like the Letterman show on Netflix and he was like baffled by the, by the fact that I put out a free special. He was like, what? He's like, I don't understand. Like, 'cause he came up in the air in the eighties where he was like, oh, I'm looking for a sitcom.


Right. That was my whole thing. So I was like, oh no, you like, we make money touring now. That's like how we do it. Yeah. And so he was like, huh. He was like so intrigued by it. Yeah. Well I remember when I was on a sitcom, And I heard someone was doing the improv in Irvine and they did the whole weekend. They made 25 grand. I was like, what? Yeah. What You big make 25 grand doing a 'cause I was not at that level. I wasn't selling any place out. So I was never making that kind of money for a weekend. but I was like, that's what I make on a sitcom. Like it's the same money, but they're doing like standup and I'm kind of, They're their own boss In this little velvet prison. you know, where I'm eating craft service And. I've got my own dressing room.


But it's a little weird. It's not what I want. Yeah. It's a fun thing to do. do. It's a great gig. And, and that gig was the perfect version of one of those gigs. And you were good at it. Super talented people. Thank you. Funny, funny fucking human beings. Great, great crew. Everybody was great. The cast in your show was so good. Amazing. Super, super funny. Talented Phil Herman's, one of the funniest dudes of all time, I think. Brilliant. Dave Foley. Brilliant. Oh Man. Andy Dick. Hilarious. Yeah. More Tierney I mean she's awesome. K Alexander, Vicki Lewis. It's like they were all amazing. Steven Root insane actor. So good. That dude's career is so cool. He's so good. Yeah. He's like, he's in everything I feel. Everything. I turned something on. I'm like, oh dude, this dude's got more range than like anybody. And He was the only guy on the show that was playing a character. Yeah. Like he was playing Jimmy James.


Like Andy Dick was basically a a steroid it up. Andy Dick. It was like Andy Dick on steroids. you know, I was kind of me. Yeah. I was like conspiracy theorists and you know, all that stupid shit. But I love when they write that shit in. Yeah. Well that show was really good at that. They were also really good at letting people improvise. Like Dave Foley was like a secret producer of that show. 'cause he would rewrite entire scenes. Wow. Like we would get the script and then we would do our, we would do a run through. Right. So the way a sitcom works is you get a script, you do a table read, and then after you get the table read Tom Seroni, who is the director and the cast, we would all go, okay, let's put it on its legs. And so we would start the scene and then, you know, Dave would a lot of times go, why is Andy coming in this way?


Why don't we have Andy like hiding under his desk and Andy? 'cause we're not supposed to be talking about him. Or he is not supposed to know we're talking about him. And then he pops up and they're like, oh, that's a great idea. And then like, instead of that, how about he says this and like Dave, you know, because he'd come from kids in the hall where they created all these insane sketches. Yeah. There were kids in the hall. Super underrated show. Yeah. Super underrated Show. They were all so fucking good. Amazing. Yeah. And so Dave was so good at producing. I just saw him on Fargo. He's great in it. He's great in everything. He's he's an awesome actor. He's A UFO nut. Is he? Total believer. Which is hilarious because when we were friends, like, he was always like, why do you care about all this stuff? Like why do you care? Like, when we were on the sitcom together, 'cause I was always into UFOs and all kinds of stupid shit. And he was like, what do you, what the, what the fuck are you interested in this for?


Yeah. This is all nonsense. And then something happened. I forget what it was. And then eventually he saw one and he, he had like a a UFO experience and he's a full, full on believer now. Which is fun. It's fun for me. I'm like, ooh, now you like them. This is Exciting. Yeah. Life's long, man. Yeah. People change. Yeah. I've changed. It's cool man. It's, it's cool you had that experience. You've had like a lot of lives in comedy. I mean you to do the sitcom and then have your, you know, your game show and then you're, you know, you're doing standup and you the podcasting. It's like, wow, you can have a lot of lives in this shit. The thing is, I got super lucky for sure in a lot of these things.


But also everything I do is something I actually like doing. Yeah. Which is, which makes it real easy. Makes it real easy to show up for something like today, like I wasn't thinking, oh, I gotta talk to Sam. It was like, we're gonna have fun. Yeah. Let's, let's go have fun. It's like, no, it's Palms. Yeah. It's, it's, it's all good. It's all a good thing. So if you could find a job that you actually enjoy doing, you'll probably excel at it and work harder. Attention if to it harder. Yeah. Work hard and do your best and next thing you know, it's working. But it's like all those things, you know, especially like working for the UFC and doing standup and podcasting. It's all things that I like. That's another thing I like doing's. You, You really, UFC is like your number one sport by far.


Right. It's the only thing I really know. Yeah. In boxing. I, but, but not boxing. Not as much as UFC, but it's the only thing I really, really know. Yeah. Like don don't really know basketball. I don't really know football. I kind of understand who's popular. I'm friends with Aaron Rogers. I don't fucking even know the Rules. I hope They do well. I'm, I'm not a Jets fan, I'm a Giants fan, but like, I want the Jets to thrive. Like they de Jets fans deserve it. They do. And having him blow his fucking Achilles out. It Was the Most, at the beginning of the season. New York jet shit that has ever happened. The fact, I'm like, 'cause here's the mo, here's why he was so New York Jets. 'cause they still won the fucking game somehow. Yeah. And be like, you know, it's gonna be a bad season. Like, no. He, I, I was pumped for the Jets when they got him.


And I saw him at a Knicks game. And. I was kinda like, Ooh, Aaron. Like, it's cool he's in the building because He's a great guy. Have you ever met him? No, I've never met him. but I, I was kind of just like, wow. He's like, I mean I love football. So I love, you know, I always admired him as a quarterback. I just thought he was great. He's a cool guy. Yeah. I hung out with him in Vegas this last trip for the UFC. He came to the fights and we all went out to dinner afterwards. And he's just a fun guy to hang out with. Just genuinely cool. Yeah. Real, real easy. Down to earth. Like friendly to everybody. Easy to talk to. Yeah. Cool as shit. you know, I wonder when he's gonna be a hundred percent. 'cause we went to, my wife's a big football fan and we went to see who's her team.


Well she likes a lot of teams, but it was, she was happy for, you know, Aaron Rogers being on the Jets because she had met Aaron too. She had met Aaron when he was on the podcast too. And so we went to see them play the Dallas Cowboys. It's my first time ever seeing an NFL game. It's Fun. It's amazing. Yeah. And in that stadium they have in Dallas, the stadium is fucking insane. I've never been Enormous television screens. Yeah. Like you, there's no bad seat in the house. It's fucking great. And we were on the 50 yard line, it was fucking awesome. But Aaron wasn't there 'cause he had blown his Achilles out. So like A Bummer. So I was like, I'll go to a game with you. We, we'll go to the game. We'll see my friend. I would love that.


Yeah. I love, I love I mean. The only problem with going to games and it's in fucking Jersey, it's like such a trek to get there. Like, I go to a Knick or Rangers game, it's 20 blocks from me, right. Like I'm, I'm in and out, you know, even a Yankees game. Like I love baseball still. Like, I still love, like, I think baseball still. Like I know it's had a tough run for the last 20 years or so. 'cause on that, let 'em get back on steroids. I would love it. Let Those guys get giant and crush that ball. Let's go. What's This? How cool is that shit? When, what Kind of nonsense is this? Keeping baseball players from doing steroids. That, that was two of the biggest problems in baseball was one. Not letting Pete Rose in the Hall of Fame. He's the best fucking hitter in what, 50 years? Whatever. So he likes to gamble.


He also gambled on on stealing basis Also. What's, what's the next commercial? FanDuel. DraftKings. And win. You fucking Hypocrites. Yes. Yes. I mean it's crazy. I get it. You shouldn't gamble on your, it's fucked up. But also like let let it go. You have to set. We've talked about this before. Yeah. Separate the fucking game from that. Yeah. Bonds needs to be, bonds is the best hitter ever. Bonds is the best fucking baseball player I've ever seen. Personally. I mean like, he was On the sitcom. I was on Barry Bonds hardball. Yeah. That was the first sitcom. The short lived hardball with Yeah. With Bruce Greenwood. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Bruce Greenwood and Mike Starr. Yeah. He was on it. And it was before the steroids. He was like normal sized Barry Bonds. His head got fucking, he got giant dude.


Dude, it's weird. When you do so many steroids, your head gets big. Everything got big. His neck got big. His shoulders got big. He probably gained a hundred pounds. He was fucking huge. It was cool though. And Mark McGuire, same thing. Those guys got Giants. Sammy Sosa got Giant. How fucking gross was it? Watching Congress spend like 15 days on baseball the same year as Hurricane Katrina. Yeah. Just 'cause you wanna shake hands with Raphael. Palmero you fucking fanboy. Yeah. Also like, who cares if They do steroids? Like why is Congress involved in this when we're in international conflicts? It was The crazy 'cause they love baseball. That's the thing. I just read this Joe DiMaggio book in every fucking, every politician is obsessed with Joe DiMaggio. Of course I mean he is a, an American icon, but like they love baseball on another level.


I feel like it's such a historically American game. Like I am kind of obsessed with that era of baseball. 'cause it's like, it was like, this is, I was reading a Lou Gehrig book and it was like, oh shit, this was like an immigrants game. But it was like white immigrants. That's how fucking American this shit was. It was like, they were like, you're letting the Irish play. Yeah, it is. Barry Bonds and Bruce Greenwood. Oh Yeah, he's good. I like him, man. Look at him. He's a different dude. Yeah. That was normal size athlete Barry Bonds. But you know, it was such a cool I mean babe. The stories of Babe Ruth are like the coolest shit I've ever heard. Like, you can't, like he was the dude. He was like, I'm gonna drink. I'm gonna eat like shit. I'm gonna gamble.


I'm gonna fuck a million women and I'm gonna be the best player in the game. But not just the best player in the game. The best player of the game has ever seen at this point, like by a mile, he's hitting 60 homers a year, batting like three 70. And he's just living like a fucking animal. Yeah. And, And he is like, but then he had like this sweet side where like Lou Gehrig was like this kind of, you know, God bless him, was like this square. He was like really kind like, he was like a mama's boy. He didn't go out and party. He was like very shy and babe's like, ah. He's like the, he's like one of the best players ever. I wanna like get to know him. He'd like eat at Lou Gehrig's mom's place. He's going through a divorce. He's fucking everyone. He's like, I'll take a home cook meal. Like, it's kind of, and whenever he'd have a great interview, he'd like give him his props. He'd be like, is is anyone touching my record?


No. Except maybe this guy, like, he'd put him over. He was like, not just the best player and a fucking animal, but he was like, class Mm. It's so, and it was like, I love that historical American shit. Like, you know. But look At him. Oh dude, he's so cool. Look like that dude. Look at him. And he was fucking fast. Look at His face. That is a drinker's face, boy. Oh, he put him back. Holy shit. Oh, baseball in this era is kind of cool. And then like, you got like the Diaggio, like Diaggio never was cool with mantle, which is fucked up. 'cause like, he just looked at him as a waste. He was like, you're a drinker. You never reached your talent was mean to him. Till his death. Till his death. Like was not cool to him. Wow. Because he was so DiMaggio is so pure.


Ba We're talking about the fucking Kennedys earlier. Blames RFK for killing his fucking Marilyn. Yeah, It probably did. Probably probably did. And he, and he and he blames, you know, the Sinatra for introducing her to the Kennedys. It's like all that fucking Italian shit where he is like, he fucking traitor. Yeah. He loved Marilyn. Apparently he like left flowers on her grave to like the day she died. But he left her the Day he died. He left her Because she couldn't procreate What Italians needed air. Really? Yeah. She couldn't procreate. Yeah. Oh, she had something wrong. Yeah. Oh, I didn't Know that part. So he, so he left her, but he's like, I mean he's like one of the most badass humans ever. I mean just like a, it's crazy.


These dudes lost their career 'cause they had to serve in the war. Like, isn't that just fucking insane? Ted Williams decorated fighter pilot. 'cause in his prime, Ted Williams has to go and he's like killing dudes in the war. 'cause he's like one of the best in the air force. And meanwhile, Diaggio is doing like, he's doing like exhibition games, but he still lost his prime. 'cause like we're at war. And that's what you did back then. But like Ted Williams had like 2010 visions. So he's fucking a beast. No shit. Not just the best hitter ever. Ted Williams is also fucking murdering dudes. Wow. That's crazy. Well that makes sense why Ted Williams was so angry all the time too. you know, because those stories were always, they leave that out. He was always angry me. Well, he fucking had to go to war. Everyone.


JD Salinger. That's Right. They're all fucking damaged from the war. That's right. All that whole generation were like, they're, they're the greatest generation. They're pretty fucked up. Yeah. I mean, think about how many of our former presidents served, you know Kennedy? That's what you did. Yeah. Yeah. George W or HHW. Yeah. He got shot down. No, the Other one was cheerleading. But Cheerlead. Right. Isn't it funny that we look at him now as like, like, duh. Oh, I wish our president was like that. Meanwhile, back then he was like, it's embarrassment. I always said that once you start painting, shit's gone off the rails. Well, when it's over and you start painting, you're just trying to get away the horrible memories of all the people that died unnecessarily.


Because your decisions. Yeah. I mean if you are George W and you're sitting around your ranch in Texas and no one's around and you're sitting there seat sipping sweet tea. Yeah. Thinking about a million dead Iraqis for some bullshit weapons of mass destructions that didn't even exist. Yeah. We didn't You didn't need to do that. No. He would be the saddest guy to do mushrooms with. If you had to pick all the presidents to do mushrooms with, he would be the saddest. 'cause he would just start crying because he is, God would be sensitive. He makes all those great painting, not great paintings. Makes all those paintings. Yeah. you know, he's gotta be sensitive. He's an artist. you know, he's trying to, he's not, He's an artist loose loosely. We're using that term. He's not out there shooting pigs out of a helicopter.


He's no, he's, you know, doing like sensitive shit. So, you know, he is thinking, so he is probably thinking like, what did I do? What did I let that fucking Dick Cheney monster. Fuck. Talk me into what the fuck. Yeah. Two terms. Two Terms, two terms. And now we look back and go, that was a, a sensible president. You know what, even look at those clips of Obama and MIT Romney debating, and you're like, man, that was like 12 years ago. And it was so civil. I know. I not just civil, like super friendly. They weren't shitting on each other at all. They're cordial. They were just trying to debate the merits of their approach. Yeah. To the world. McCain was the same way. When you watched, it wasn't that long ago. I remember that clip where that woman was like, he's a Muslim.


And McCain's like, no, he is. you know, he's like trying to like, yeah. It's like that's dead. That moment's over. It doesn't have to be, I, it doesn't have, I wish, I think it'll come back at some point. I think there's a level, there's, there's a limit to this shit. And it's gonna have to swing back to civility at some point. Yeah, I think so too. I hope so. I hope people realize the damage it's doing to us and that it's not helping anybody. But the problem is social media. The problem is it's like social media and people's ability to constantly berate other people. Yeah. And constantly engage in these squabbles online and try to get people and post bad things Bite, Sound bite. Yeah. Just dunking on someone's killing. I remember when I forgot her name, but you, you'll know who she is. There's a Hewlett Packard woman who was running for president.


you know who I'm talking about. Right? She was, she was running in, it was 2016 for the Republican primary. And at the debate, like, she basically said that Trump called her ugly. And it was like this big, like we need a president who doesn't like speak like this? No. Kara Carlton, Carly Farina. That's who it was. Yeah. And And I thought there was like this big moment where I'm like, yeah, you shouldn't talk to women like that. That's pretty fucked up. And then Trump immediately like got everyone back. I was like, once he destroyed Jeb Bush, it was like, yeah, the sound bites are working, so why are you gonna stop doing this? Like, Well that's also his entire career was You're fired. Yeah. His entire show business career was you fired. Like he was like the hard get outta here, you're a loser. Yeah. You're fat, you're ugly, you're a crook.


It's very New York. It's like kind of like a trashy New York guy where you're like, you fucking nobody. Like that's how you know. Well It's PO politics is basically show business. And he was a professional showbiz guy. Yeah. So he was way better at show business. Yeah. Because politics is basically a popularity contest. Yeah. Well that was the first guy that was an actual popular person that entered into the popularity contest and actually knew how to manipulate the media. And by saying ridiculous shit all the time, whether or not it was on purpose or not. That's what got all these news organizations to start following him. And that just made him more popular. Yeah. They thought they were exposing him. Like look what he said about the Mexicans. But nobody cared.


Like, this guy's wild. This is so much better than what we're used to. It's The problem is other people were just not used to tv. Right. So they're just sticking to a script. And when he goes off script, he was more comfortable. Yeah. And he saw how it was like a fucking boxing match. Yeah. They were just like, what the fuck's he doing? Also, he's like a comic. Like when who was it that asked him the question? Me? Who was it Meg Kelly? Was it me Kelly that asked her him the que Yeah. It was at the debates. You said horrible things about women. You've called them fat, you called them pigs. He only Rosie O'Donnell. It's a punchline. Got a big pop. It Crushes. Yeah, it crushes.


And you see her just like, oh my God. Like what did I set him up? I lobbed one his way. Yeah. He just knocked it into the parking Fast ball over the fucking over the plate. He just crushed it. That's his, his thing is so different. Yeah. Called Women. You don't like Fat Pigs Dogs. She thought she thought she had 'em here. And disgusting animals. Your Twitter account was several. Only Rosie. Rosie O'Donnell. No it wasn't. He's smiling. He was proud of that one. They're all clapping and cheering Your Twitter account. Come On. You got a whole, Well what do you, what do you expect her to do here? Thank you For the record. Hold the laugh.


It was well beyond Rosie O'Donnell. Yes. I'm sure it was. You're Ing I mean Jesus Christ. Yes. I'm sure it was. Yes. I'm sure it was. Is amazing. Well, the guys a character in a movie. Yeah. You know, it doesn't seem real. And I said yesterday, I I hope it's not a Stephen King movie, but you know, remember the Stephen King movie about the guy, like he shakes hands with the guy that's gonna be President Dead Zone. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Martin Martin Sheen. Wasn't that? Yeah. Yeah. That's a great movie. It's a great movie. Chris Walken. Yes. Great Movie. Yeah. That ending. That fucking oof. Oof. Yeah. Stephen King's made some good fucking shit. Oh my God. Get him back on Coke. Get him back on Coke. Give him Budweiser And, and a wide range of shit. It's like you told me this guy did that.


Shawshank and Misery. Yeah. Stand By Me. Stand by me's. Great. Great. I just watched it the other day with my family. Me Too. It was amazing. That last line fucked me. It always fucks me up when he is like, none of us had friends like when we were 12. Yeah. I'm like, fuck you Richard Dreyfus. Yeah. This is the thing. He holds his hand and he realizes Yeah. They did a great s Nino parity. This he's button. Yeah. He's gonna be, this guy's gonna be Hitler. He's gonna be the one who kills us all. Yeah. Pressing the button. Yeah. That's a, that's a good movie, man. Yeah. That was scary as fuck. Well, that's what they're always trying to scare us about with Trump. That he's gonna do that and start World War II and kill us all. But the problem is, this administration looks like they're on the verge of starting us into World War iii. And when Trump was in office that didn't happen.


And here's the thing that they need to address. Everybody keeps saying he's gonna be a dictator. He is gonna do that. That would be more sellable if we didn't have four years of him actually being the president and doing none of those things. Right. I mean, the thing is, you hindsight's everything. Right. Like, you look back, like people said the same thing about like, everyone hated Eisenhower. Yeah. But then you look back and you're like, these weren't bad times, you know? Yeah. So with Trump, by, with any look, we all wanna avoid World War iii. That's I think, I would hope At all costs. I, part of me is like, maybe Trump is such a fucking narcissist that he doesn't want the world to end. Yeah. 'cause he wants to do well while he's in charge. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. Maybe Don don't know For whatever motivation, whatever Fuck it takes you to keep us from killing each other.


He does terrify me. I don't fucking feel like safe with him as a president. Do you feel safe with Biden as a president though? No. Of course not. The country's in shambles. Things are fucking bad. I don't feel safe with anybody as president, but I just, I don't buy their narrative. When you find out that like, they lied about Russiagate for fucking six years and like all this shit, Shit. Well that was, that was the beginning of the end. That was like when you're, when you're, when that's your whole thing. Like the steel dossier is your whole thing. Yeah. That was really the undoing of a lot of cable news. I think they Thought they could get away with it. 'cause they have gotten away with it before. Which makes you think how many of the stories, other than the ones we know about, like the weapons of mass destruction and all the, how many of the stories were bullshit?


Yeah. How many of the stories that ruined the lives of countless millions of people. How many of those stories were bullshit? You Can't go all in on a bad hand. And they did it again and again and Again and again. And, And you gotta make sure you have a fucking royal flush. But Dude, they did it with me with the Covid thing. With the ECT thing. Yeah. They Did with me. Well, they did with you with a lot of things. They Did. But, but the Covid one was crazy because they were all coordinated calling it horse dewormer. Right. It's like every news organization was calling it Horse dewormer and trying to mock me like, Hey guys, I can talk too. Yeah. Like, are you fucking stupid? Yeah. Like they, but their whole game, up until social media and up until podcasts was, they were the only ones talking. So they could set a narrative and no one could do anything about it.


They could decide that you are a this or you're a that. And then they pushed that out there and that was the end of it. Then you got labeled as this or that. But with podcasts, podcasts got bigger than them and they hadn't realized it yet. By a lot. I mean, that's the thing is, you know, I saw your thing with Sanjay Gupta and, and he seemed apologetic, you know, but sorta, sorta Till he left. Really? Yeah. He left and went and talked to Don Lemon. And Don Lemon was still saying the same, but it is used for horses. It is a dewormer for horse. He's My neighbor. I see him. but I telling the truth. I saw, I saw him drunk on the street the other day. Ah, friendliest guy. I mean, I, he's, he goes, I just saw Mark Norman at the Beacon. And. I was like all, You know, he was talking to you? Yeah. He said, What's up to me on the street? Oh, that's hilarious.


Yeah. And he goes, I just saw Mark Norman at the Beacon. It was a great show. I was like, well, I'm sure he's probably okay. Yeah. He doesn't seem like a nice guy. He was stuck in a bad situation, a bad position that corrupts everyone. It it's bad for everybody. Everyone on that network was terrible. We need, they were all propagandists. It, It's weird to think about how fortunate the generations were when like news wasn't constant. You got a break. Right. Colin Quinn's got a great bit bit now. Like you go to the bathroom and you're like, what did I miss? Right, right, right. I mean, but that's fucking bad for the world. Like Yeah. I, I, I miss, you know, even back in the day, like it was on twice a day, you know? Right. It was over. You got like Simpsons reruns and you're like, all right. Shit's peaceful. The And you really wanted to go crazy.


You'd read the New York Times. Yeah. And you'd get all the news. Yeah. If you really want. But who did that? Very few people did that. My dad. Yeah. But most people that, you know, weren't terrified of everything. Yeah. Weren't reading everything that's going on in fucking Sudan and what's going on in Asia, what's going on here and there. And now it's like we're being inundated by all of the bad news. 'cause the bad news is the stuff that really gets people captivated. So it's all of the bad news of the entire world and none of the good news. It's like, knows like the most distorted version of reality ever. I all the bad news. And then you go out and you talk to people and you're like, are we that divided? Like, I, I think that's kind of what I feel like just touring the country. I feel the interactions I have with people are good and, and solid.


But we also have to remember those are comedy fans. That's true. Which are the people that are gonna be the most reasonable, the people that's looking, looking for the humor in things. you know, not saying there's a trans genocide, they're not gonna come to your show. The trans genocide. People are not gonna come to your show. So it's the people that are, they're, you know, they're kind of realizing like, we need humor. Humor's a it's a, an important part of civilization. but don Don't even mean just comedy. Like you interact with people like restaurants or like who, or like whoever you see on the street. Like I, you know. Yeah. For the most part. I've had like two fights on the road, like arguments and like, it's fucking quick. You, it's usually like, you know, over bullshit. It's even we, Gary Vito, And I are like very, we're both New Yorkers.


So it's like, we can't help but do a confrontation. There was a woman being berated at my fucking, we were at the gate, a morning flight outta Columbus. And a woman was just yelling at a fucking TSA agent who was just doing her job. She had nothing wrong. She was just, but it was a woman with two kids with her. And she goes, you're an idiot. Wow. You're so dumb. And we're just looking at each other like, it's 8:00 AM we're barely awake, but it's pretty like fucked up. Right? And we're like, yeah, there's like really mean. And she just kept going, you're so dumb. I hope I'm gonna get you fired. And then finally we were just like, Hey, I just go lady enough. And Gary goes, you are a nobody. Like that's how we, he's like a New York kid. Wow. And she turns away. She goes, fuck you, you're short to Gary. Wow. And and he goes, you should see me without my shirt on. I was like, we had her, what are you doing?


Why'd he say, see me with without my Shirt off? 'cause He works out. Oh, that's hilarious. But I'm like, dude, we were, fuck we're comics. We could kill this woman. What the fuck are You doing? Should have taken his shirt off. Should have got down his underwear. But, but They probably would arrested him for Terrorism. But that was like the one time, but we felt fucking, we were laughing and the woman was like, thank you. but I'm like, I'm like, Ted, when do we ever fight with people on the, like it's occasionally we do that shit, but like, most people are so cool that you meet. Yeah. Most people are like good people. And then like, how often do I miss like small towns, like, like you'll go to like Appleton and like they don't talk politics. They're like living in like 1994 and they like, it's like rude to talk politics. Yeah. you know, and you're like, we keep that to yourself. And I'm like, man, I almost missed that point in time when it was like you just led with other shit.


Yeah. That wasn't your whole like sure. We make fun of people sometimes who are like, these are my pronouns. But isn't it equally kind of annoying with people who lead with their political affiliation Just as bad? Yeah. I would Say worse. Or their diet or their exercise routine or yoga. Anything or anything. Like some people, they're just always trying to define themselves to you. Yeah. And they always wanna define themselves in a very, a nice way. So You're just one thing. Yeah. That's all you are. So I, I look like I do kind of miss those types of people who are like, Hey, let's bond over something else other than the world ending. Yeah. But you know, when people don't have any legitimate conflict in their life, they manufacture conflict And they have to trauma bond with you.


God. Yeah. I have PTSD from the last four years when Trump was in office. I can't do this again. You have that against I in Canada. Ted Williams killed people by The way. I I know. Exactly. Not to mention like, they like, I'm moving to Canada and I'm like, you think Canada worse? You think Canada just wants all of our fucking wines? Yeah. Listen, not only that, but Canada has like ridiculous free speech laws. Yeah. They have hate speech laws. They can come down on you for a lot of things. Yeah. They seized up the bank accounts, the people that were protesting the truckers. Oh That was, that was a fun Time for the truckers. The people that were donating to the truckers, they seized their bank accounts. Like Yeah. That's not a good place. Yeah. It's not a good place under this administration at least. Yeah. Where do you go? They went sideways. Canada was amazing place 10 years ago.


You go to Canada 10 years ago. It was awesome. I was always saying that I love Canada. It's like 20% less douche bags. Where Do you, where do you like in Canada? I love Montreal. It's Montreal's amazing. Beautiful city. I love Toronto. I love Vancouver. I love Vancouver Canada. Vancouver's one of the most beautiful cities. I Don't go to Canada anymore, but I, no. Fuck you do a gig there. No. Not why that guy's president fuck you. Yeah. Or Whatever. He is Prime Minister. These people of fans of you is they wanna see you still. Fuck You. Get rid of that guy. I'll come back. I just don't trust any of it up there. Yeah. I just think they, they're, they're so far into tyranny right now. Like the laws that they're passing, the shit that they're doing, the erosion of people's rights. Like I don't wanna support it. Mm. I think it's fucking horrible. Yeah. but I think a lot of people there just wanna laugh.


I think people need to laugh, You know? Oh yeah. They definitely need to laugh. Yeah. They're, they're in the middle of a full-blown communist takeover. Yeah. It's a scary spot. Yeah. It's scary. But it used to be amazing. I I used to say that Canada's 20% less douche bags, like the people are 20% nicer than most people that you meet in America. They're Yeah. They're polite. That's, that's why they get roped into all this shit. That's why they get roped into hate speech laws. 'cause they wanna be kind, they wanna be good people. And they don't realize like compelled speech has a terrible ending. It always ends in communism because someone has to compel that speech. Who does the people with guns and they tell you what to do. Yeah. And then you have violence that is enforced to get people to follow a doctrine that they may or may not believe in.


Yeah. I think you just gotta, you just gotta be pro free speech I mean for all the awful shit people can say. You still just have to be pro free speech. That's Elon's take on it. you know? And that's what, what they're doing with Twitter. Well the weird thing about Twitter now is like, for all the shit people will say about Elon, I think like look at the other social media platforms. Everything gets anything. There's like trigger words. They'll be like, you said the word Nazi. I'm like, yeah, I condemn them in a joke. And they're like, well it got buried 'cause he said that. And you're like, cool. Well that feels like some Nazi shit. Yeah. I can't, I can't use irony. I can't be sarcastic. That's the, that's the evil of like, I think when they bury you, you are, it's, it's a different type of censorship.


But you are, you know, you are burying certain trigger words that you think might be offensive and, and heard ad sales. Oh, cool. Now posting a joke on Instagram is similar to putting together a set for the Tonight Show. It's all fucking, you know, this word's not okay. Yeah. This word's not okay. Yeah. Twitter's actually the only place left if you think about it. Which is really fucking weird. you know, it's really Weird because Twitter used to be the worst place for that. Yeah. Twitter was the place where the FBI literally like the whole Twitter files when Elon took over. Right. And they had Matt Taibbi and Michael Shellenberger and all these guys like Ate, right. The stone. Yeah. When they went into it and they were like, oh my God. The government was literally trying to stop legitimate professors at Stanford and people at Harvard and MIT from talking about their area of expertise.


Right. They were trying to label them as kooks and get them kicked off of Twitter. The whole thing was fucking bananas. And if we didn't, if he didn't buy Twitter, Twitter, people used to get their accounts suspended a lot on Twitter time. Remember that? Like, that was a big thing all the time. But now it's like, now it's more like Instagram tiktoks ridiculous. Obviously I mean there's, that one is like good luck. Who the fuck knows? But even YouTube has kind of changed a little bit. I mean YouTube is, everyone's changing is my, my thing. But YouTube is like, it's kind of shocking. Like my issue is like they keep moving the goalpost in, but there's no guidebook. They're not telling any of us what's not. Okay. They're just kind of making up the rules as they go along The banned people's accounts. They don't even tell 'em why that's kind Of, Your account is violated our terms of service and then that's it.


And then you have no recourse And you're spending a lot of time and money building up these platforms and then they're like, sorry. Yep. Fuck you. Well that's, it's pretty fucked up because You know, well, especially now during the election, excuse me, during the election time now they're really clamping down on that. And there's a lot of people getting shadow banned. Allegedly. And then there was a thing that Elon just released where he said that European governments, they were saying that they were gonna, they would be willing to give them money to have certain platforms censor certain political speech. Yeah. And Elon was the only one that said no. And he talked about it publicly. He said these other, these other groups, these other social media platforms complied and, and like I'm telling you about this.


Yeah. You need to know. It's, it's pretty weird because it just keeps, they just keep moving the goalpost then. Yeah. I mean it's gonna keep, it's bad. I see comics now kinda working toward the algorithm and it is bad for entertainment and for art and stuff like that. And. I. I get annoyed when comics are just like shocking for the sake of being shocking and lazy. but I don't think they should be fucking silenced. Yeah. They shouldn't be silenced. But you're always gonna have people that try things that don't work out. Right. Yeah. Especially in an open-ended art form, like comedy where you're the writer, you're the producer, you're the editor and you're delivering it. Yeah. So you're everything. You're the whole thing and you're fucking around and you're trying to come up with ways and maybe you're desperate. So you try to figure out a way to juke the, the system and try to figure out a way to get your stuff seen and heard.


And you say things that you might not even mean, but you think it's gonna be good. It'll work. It's a little tool for you. And you're trying. And those guys, you know, they're not our favorite. The guys that do like stupid shit like that. But you, that's also like, but they should exist. There's Yeah. They, they exist, but maybe they can get better one day. Yeah. like a lot of us sucked in the beginning and better now and over time learn, you keep working at it and it's an open-ended thing. You eventually figure it out or not. You were talking about last night, there's guys that, it takes 'em a minute. Yeah. And it should take you a minute. This is like, I think a lot of the comics like don't hit their stride till they hit like 40. Right? Yeah. Because you actually develop a nuanced take on life. Yeah. You've had a bunch of bad relationships, you had a bunch of bad business deals.


You've been fucked over by clubs. Bad is bad is good for comedy. Yes. Your life won. Anytime something bad happens to me, I'm like, fuck. It's a bet. Yeah. Here we go. Yeah. Isn't That crazy? That like, it's such a beautiful thing. That's something horrible can go wrong. I remember the first time I did your show, I missed like I took me three flights to get to a gig that I missed. And I'm like, that's like my opener in my new special. you know, it's like, it's like this long story, this hell travel day and I'm like, this sucks. But you get, you we're very fortunate to have this outlet for that. Yeah. you know? Yeah. And I. Think just me, if I didn't do it, if I never did comedy again or if I had never had done it, I'd still would love it. Yeah. It's one of my favorite things to watch. 'cause it takes you away, it puts you in this place and it, it's like a drug.


Like it makes you feel better. you know when someone's on stage killing and you're laughing, you're like, ah, you feel better. It's an amazing feeling to laugh at something. Yeah. Feels good to be able to do that for a living. We're the luckiest people alive. Dude, I, I was just on Burt's fully loaded thing. It's so fun, dude. It was such a good group of people. And he like turned into an adult summer camp. He's bringing like ice plunges. He brought a personal trainer. We're doing batting practice during the day. One day. Chad Daniels, And I. Were fucking hooping dudes. I'm like, this is fucking fun. you know, we're surf, you know, me, Bert, Kyle Canna are surfing. We're we're hung over. I'm like, we're gonna puke on a fucking in the, in the water. But I remember one night, I'm just like watching David tell on stage. I was like, oh, This is like the best.


Like, you just get to like, he, he's like one of the one dude that like brings me back to like forget like, oh yeah, you, it's so pure or funny. It's like, yeah, it's not like anything, no agenda. It's just pure jokes and you're like, oh yeah. He had that joke about like, fucking, but me, I'm a Biden man, hunter Biden. And I'm like, that's like a fucking great. Yeah. Bad and switch, you know? Or like, or the joke about like, I got hit by a guy on a, on a city bike the other day was my fault. I was on the sidewalk. And they're just like pure silly jokes and you're just like transported to like being a kid. Like, I remember seeing him as a kid of Caroline's and being like, oh, this is what it's all about. Like yeah. He's just trying to be silly. He's just, and he's the best at it. And he's another guy that just doesn't, he's not a promoter.


Right. So he's not as popular as he really should be based on how good he is. And it's kind of up to us to let everybody know. Yeah. you know, I always feel like obligated to let everybody know. Like I, when he was at the club, And I, I went And I came and watched one of his sets. I sat for the whole set, which I don't ordinarily do. I came in on a night where I wasn't working just to watch. It was fucking awesome. And after it, I just like couldn't wait to do standup again. I was like, I can't wait to go on stage. Like, it's just like, He's so quick. I mean there, there was one time, you know, I have to go through the audience of the bathroom at the Comedy cellar. And three dudes came outta the same time all wearing glasses. And he goes, what is that A nerd portal to come up with that line off the cuff. I'm like, God, he's fucking good at this. Yeah. He's always fast off the cuff.


Like he does that thing at the end where he brings comics on stage. Terrifying. Terrifying. 'cause he also, because He's OB one can wanna Fucking, he's OB one. He's the Jedi. And on top of that, he's loose 'cause he's been killing for 45 minutes. Yeah. And then he brings you on stage, you know, so it's kind of unfair. Like you're cold, you're in the back like, Hey Dave, grab a mic. Okay. Hey, how they shit's on you if you don't say anything funny. And it, yeah. Yeah. He's awesome. He's So good at Yeah. He fuck he he'll fuck with you. It's, he's great. I I love that though. That like, when you're like a few comics will like, usually I'm watching it and I'm being like, good joke. That was, I liked that. That was cool. Yeah. But he's like one of the only dudes that I'm like, holy shit. I'm just like giggling. This is so stupid. I feel like a kid. It's also all he cares about.


And all he does, he gets up in the morning, he reads the paper, he smokes cigarettes. He writes jokes and he goes, and when he goes to a town, he always has new jokes about the town and, you know, knows going Out. I learned that from him. He had like the local paper. I was like, local, what are you doing? Yeah. And then we'd like leave a diner at like 4:00 AM and he'd order a large ice coffee to go. I'd be like, what are you doing? You're outta your fucking mind. But, you know. Yeah. He's just like a, he's this pure comic. It's like we're we're so lucky to have him in in Yeah. In New York. 'cause he just like, he and he's so good to the young comics. Like I see the new he, there was, he'll be like, he called me and he was like, oh, I like following this new guy. 'cause he's like, he's got good stuff and he is bringing the heat. So he is like, you know.


Yeah. He likes it. He's he's aware of it. Yeah. No, he's a, he's a, a national treasure. Like legitimately. Yeah. And I tell everybody if you get a chance, like go to his website if he even has one, He has one. He doesn't run it. I remember we were doing a row gig once and he like, as we're driving, I was like, how do you post this picture? He's like, oh don don't do that shit. Like, he has someone doing everything, you know? Yeah. And it's always like hilarious 'cause it's like he just writes the caption and sends a bunch. So it'll be him be like, amazing weekend in like, you know, Hartford. And he'll just be like this, like angry in the photo. It like never matches. 'cause he sends it to another person. But you know, he, he's he Still has a flip phone. Yeah, he is too. He is. I think he, yeah, He has an iPhone that he uses. But, But he only uses the flip phone Most of the time when he texts you, it's like, do do do do do do do do do do.


It makes the safe. He was sitting here texting someone, he was like, beep beep, beep, beep beep, beep beep. I go, what are you doing? He sent in morse code and he was, I was realizing he was texting. I'm like, oh my god, you still text like that? Yeah. He's old School. I think. Well he went iPhone for a while and then he realized like this, I'm too in my head with this. I'm wanna go back to it. Yeah. It's, it's the better way. It's better you see it with him. The results speak for themselves, you Know? Yeah. You're not distracted. I mean I mean Azi went to a flip phone. Did did he? Yeah. He talked about it on stage. He was like, I got my brain back. He goes, yeah, I can't get directions or anything like that. but I got my brain back. He's In Europe too. He is like, he's totally, is He? Yeah. What is he doing? I think he, I think his wife is in London.


I think he just moved there. I haven't seen him forever. Wow. Yeah. Well some of those guys, you know, they just like, they get hit hard once with a big cancellation. You're like, what am I deal? No, he's, he, he's that's over I mean. Yeah, but I know. But I mean that thing changes. Like your, your, it just changes your outlook on stuff. Yeah. No I'm sure I mean that was, that was Well when it's written on babe net, you know it's legit. And Definitely When that's the only one, one to pick It nuanced perspective on who who he is. Yeah. That was a weird one. Yeah. Let's wrap this up my brother. Thank you very much for being here. Thank You so much man. Let's have fun tonight. We're gonna have a good time. I can't wait. Yeah, It's gonna be exciting. Yeah. Tell everybody your social media.


Where to see your shit. Your special New special. Sam. Morril. You've changed on Prime Video. I'm all over the road. I got like Prime's Doing a bunch of them now. Huh? I think a Few. They did a bill Bur one, I think Bill's doing his next offer. Hulu. He Hulu. Oh, Hulu. Oh you're right, you're right. No, A bunch of other people have done Prime too. People have done Prime. Yeah, they, that was by far my best offer. And they, you know, once I saw they treated people in the warehouse, I was like, I wanna be on board. So no, they, they, no, they've been, they've been good to me. And then I, so I got that. I got, you know, I'm all over. I got like Miami, Baltimore, I'm trying to build a ma a material back up. I'm doing a Europe tour so all over Europe like London, beautiful Belfast, all that shit. And, I, And, I post a lot of shit on punch up Live slash Sam Morell.


'cause don don't What is punch up Live? My friend Danny Frankl started it. He used to work at Facebook and he hates censorship of comedians. So Punch up is where I just, I gather emails. And, I. It is like Patreon but I don't take money. I just want emails so I can blast you when I come to your city. don don't spam you, it's just punch up live slash sam morell slash signup or just whatever. And. I just, I post gigs, I post bonus stuff that I won't post elsewhere 'cause I don't want it to get like buried on some horse shit. Right. And it's good. He's cares about comedy. He's a great guy. That's cool. I'll check that out. It's awesome. Alright, Beautiful. Alright. Thank you man. Thanks brother. Appreciate it. Alright, bye everybody.