
This episode is brought to you by blinds.com. Do you know that the right window treatments aren't just about privacy? They could actually save you some serious cash on your energy bills too. But is it really worth the hassle? It's a lot of waiting for some pushy salesperson to come to your house with. An overpriced quote sucks. Right? Well say goodbye to all that nonsense because blinds.com has revolutionized the game. blinds.com lets you do a virtual consultation with their award-winning design experts. Whenever you have time, no pushy sales rep in your home, just hop online and blinds.com will send free samples right to your door. How cool is that? Whether you're a do it yourself beast or you prefer professional installation blinds.com has you covered. And guess what? You can get your entire house done for one low price. No hidden fees, no showroom markups. What you see is what you pay. Now I get it. Ordering online can be sketchy, but not with blinds.com. They've covered more than 25 million windows and they've got a 100% satisfaction guarantee. blinds.com is hooking up my listeners with an exclusive $50 off. When you spend $500 or more, just use the code rogan@checkoutatblinds.com. Go to blinds.com and use the promo code Rogan Limited Time offer rules and restrictions apply. See blinds.com for details.


Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan. Experience Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, All day. Do you have a new phone? What? What year is that One? This one is like one of the rehabbed ones. Oh, Those are still good though. Like which number? Which number is it? 13, I think. Oh, those are still good. I have an 11. That's still good. Yeah, I keep an 11 for one of my numbers. Okay. One of my bullshit numbers. For what? There's certain people you can't give the real number to. Oh yeah. Why would you even give them a number though? You're like a straightforward guy. 'cause you have to sometimes.


Sometimes you have to communicate with people, but you want a phone that you just stick in a fucking drawer somewhere. Yeah. And check like once a month if That. Yeah. It just gets crazy where so many relationships become like completely transactional. And you know, like every time someone texts you, they want something. And it's just so Frustrating. I can see it even being your friend. I can see it from a fucking mile away now. People will be like, Hey, bridge. I'm like, I'm not introducing you to Joe. Leave me alone. All my friends have a story. Oh, somebody who has a business idea. No. I mean I think I'm gonna help them sell skateboards.


If someone's like, Hey, let's get coffee. It's been too long. I'm like, Nope, not doing it. That's hilarious. I had a friend from high school reach out randomly, Hey Bridge. Nope, I see it. I see it from a mile away now. I'm like, what is it like to be you? It's odd Because I am just the like, you know, like an outer asteroid in the, in the universe. but I, imagine being like the planet itself. I've managed to stay myself, which is shocking. Yeah, you Have. but I have really good friends. you know, my friends are really good friends. And I, And, I. Think you have friends who take the piss outta you.


Like Yes. And. I've had, they've been my friends for 20, 30 years. Yeah. Like Joey And, I have been friends for almost 30 years. Yeah. 27 years. Or 28 years. It might be 30 now. Fuck, I might have met him in 94. It helps to have, like, I was asking my husband right before I left about a tweet I was gonna send out, and he's like, me, And I was because he, I was like, is this too much? And then I was like, fine. He is like, oh, what do you just want me to like clap for you? I was like, I'm so glad you're my husband. Yeah. You definitely need someone who's not impressed. No, not impressed At all. Or at the very least, maybe not impressed, but also not bullshitting you. No. Right. He will not bullshit. Yeah. He won't bullshit anyone.


He like suffers No fools at all. That's great that, that ensures that you won't live in a world of compromise. No. No. you know, some people are okay. They just fuck up every now and then. You have to tell 'em, Hey man, don't lie to me. you know? Yeah. You don't have to lie. Yeah. Like, don't do that. Yeah. you know? But it's just this weird thing that people fall back on bullshitting and lying. They just fall back on it. It's, and they don't even know they're doing it to themselves. You, you, you'll have less respect for yourself. You'll Yeah. It's not worth it. No, Not, It's not worth it. 'cause you, you, you just create these things that aren't real in your life. These relationships, these friendships that aren't based on reality. you know these people. And if a person can't handle the truth, you get you, you can't tell 'em, Hey, that sucks.


Yeah. Like, you gotta work on this. You gotta change this. You gotta do that. Yeah. If you don't do that, it's not gonna get any better. You're like, what? I thought it was the best book ever written. No, no, no. I I mean I've had, all my favorite editors have been so hard on me. I want, I want honest criticism. Yeah. you know, you Want, like, you write, write jokes for your haters. you know, write jokes to turn 'em over. Like, ah, that was a pretty good one. Fucker. you know, you Stan Hope told me once that he writes jokes like a defense attorney. Oh, Interesting. Yeah. He examines his jokes as if he was like prosecuting them. It's great. That's, it's a really funny, it's, it's very similar to mine. What? I said, I write jokes for haters.


Yeah. You gotta look at it like a hater sometimes. Yeah. 'cause you can get too in love with your stuff. Yeah. It's too easy. It's too easy to get in love with your stuff. The Audience will tell you too. Well, that's the difference between comedy and other things, right? Yeah. It's hard if you are just a journalist, you know, you're just writing you, you, you kind of believe your opinion. Makes sense. And all of them are doing the same thing. Like almost all of them, except for the independent ones. They're almost all doing the same things. They're saying they're, they're expressing their thoughts to a very particular group of people. And they're also lying about another group of people. Almost always.


Yeah. It's Like the right does it And the left does it? Yeah. It's all fan fiction. Yeah. It is fan fiction like the Right does it with liberals, because liberals aren't Antifa, liberals aren't the people that are lighting Starbucks on fire and shooting cops. That's not liberals. That is just a thing that has existed in a team where you allow anyone to join a team. So if you have something where anybody can join the team, right. Which is basically what being a liberal or a conservative is. Anyone can Join the team. They don't like the slut Joe. Everybody Lives SSTs. They don't, Not conservative publicly. Yeah, exactly. Listen, I know a lot of those, those ladies fucking party hard, But They do it for Jesus.


We'll get to that. I know They Do it for Jesus. I I'm just saying publicly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Keep those sluts out of our party. It's the same thing though, man. I'm telling you, it's the same thing. If you are an Antifa or if you are Patriot Front, you're you. I could have got either one of you fucks. Yeah. You just gotta get 'em early. Get 'em when they're vulnerable. Talk 'em into a very specific ideology. you know, who's your problem? The Jews, the next thing you know, they think the Jews really all their problems And that's all their problems. And they kind of need on that. They're Kind shaking man. They get together with the Jews with now. Which, which is odd right? Theory because of Palestine and Gaza. It's, that's where it's kind of come around.


Like that moment in time is like, everybody's mad at the Jews now. It's like, fuck I mean? That's the ancient conspiracy theory of all conspiracy theories. Yeah. Conspiracy that, that it's the Jews' fault. This is like one of the oldest conspiracy theories of mankind. Well, the Jews make it real tough to join. They're one of the more interesting religions. Like if you want to join it, my uncle joined, my uncle converted to Judaism. He married a nice Jewish lady. I Kinda wanna convert. Go For it. I kind of do. It's a lot of work. See, Let's see what's up. Let's see what new information you get. You'll tell me. Right? You'll get the new memos. You'd, you know, part of that proton mail list.


But he, he had a work really hard at it. I, And I met a lady who was converting too. I was doing a show once for Sci-fi, where I, I just talked. I, I was like trying to get people to con maybe it was for the Mancho. I don't remember what it was for. But Wait, were you on the Mancho? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I Was an extra on the man show. I was in the second generation. It really wasn't very good. Oh, right, okay. I was in the first, I was in extra in the first. But what we were trying to do is I was trying to get people to convert me. Okay. So I'd go to all these different religious groups and say like, try to, It was pretty easy. Wasn't Well, what, It's just like, I wanna know who's got the best deal. Like what sounds the best. And Like everyone got me. It made, it opened my eyes. It did. Because I, I got to see what I, I believe are genuinely kind people who want a good result for human, human beings.


They really do. And they, a lot of 'em really genuinely believe that their structure, their ideology and way of thinking is really the path to happiness, which is ultimately like the path to God. you know, without, you know, breaking it down to cult-like thinking and how people get absorbed and ideas that are untenable that just don't make any sense. They're completely ridiculous. But they, like scientifically minded people attach themselves to that if it's a part of their religion. Without that, what everybody wants is something good. And they think that the way to have something good for the people that join is to like, sort of demonize the people that aren't joining or demonize the other ones.


And it's a tribal thing. But it's just like all these little patterns of human thinking that we have, people have it with everything I mean, you see with cell phones, you know, you see with Android people versus iPhone people. It's just a normal human tribal characteristic that's embedded in our DNA that if we don't address and recognize we're not gonna overcome the hurdle because we're gonna pretending as if it doesn't exist. And as if your side is right and the other side is wrong. And, and not just looking at it like, oh, we're stuck in a a a blue versus red white versus black one versus zero. It's just a tribal thing that exists in the way we operate.


And we have to be aware of it and not get mad at people for falling into it because it's normal to fall into it. It's literally a pattern that's embedded in the code that makes you a human being. It's how we created cities. Yeah. It's why we're here today. It's interesting because I've been reading that rereading my favorite book Trickster Makes This World. And how the trickster, what is that? Who wrote that? Louis Hyde. It's all about tricks. What a great title. Oh, it's so good. But it's, I it's saved me at a point because I didn't really, I I had a hard time. And I think this is, this is where like Jordan Peterson is so good, talking about archetypes, knowing kind of the archetypes. And I didn't really know my role. And I read this book.


And I was like, oh, Can you tell me the name of it again? I'm gonna get it. Trickster Makes this world. Trickster Makes this world. It's so brilliant. But they're Sounds cool Title. Actually, one of the quotes that I put in your card is from that book. Really? Really, and it's a, my favorite, one of my favorite quotes ever. It's all about he who dupes others and who is also duped himself. He's creator nor destroyer. It's like, this is the people I've noticed who have stayed the most I mean sane is a term I'm using loosely. The people I've noticed. It's like comedians, people who are kind of like tricksters. They've managed to kind of ride the waves of the past eight years because I think they're not too attached.


And in this book, he talks about how it was, there was all this trick, trickster, mythology like Coyote and Hermes. And then it got kind of turned into the devil and it became evil versus good. And when that happened, when, when the loss of that mythology in the culture happened, it became much more black and white. And like this kind of, you know, dualistic, like you said, tribal thinking without all of this gray area that I do feel like I look around, like malice and all the people there, most of the people who I've been hanging out with and know, have been kind of having a blast for like eight years.


you know, like everyone, first I watched everyone on the left lose their mind. Then people on the right lost. It was like, I was having the same conversations for four years with the left. Then it was like all the people on the right. Oh, it's gonna be fine. It's not the end of the world. And then here we are again. Here we are again. Yeah. Here we are again. And the only people that make any sense are the ones who aren't on either team. The, the, the people that say things like, you know, as a conservative, I, You're a fucking human being Don. Don't say it that way. Don't think it that way. There's a, there's a bunch of things that you believed, but don't put yourself in a fucking group.


'cause there's probably a bunch of stuff that the left agrees with that you would probably agree with too. Yeah. And you can't be, you can't be resistant to those ideas simply because they're attached to people you've decided are the enemy. 'cause you might, they might be right. Yeah. They might be right about welfare. Right. They might be right about, Hey, maybe kids shouldn't ever be fucking starving. you know, as a group, as a group of humans that live together on this one little patch of dirt called North America. Maybe we should agree that since we have this gigantic amount of money that no kids should be hungry. Yeah. How about that? And then since we got that done, Hey, how about regular people? How about No, people should fucking starve.


Yeah. Regardless of whether or not you think people are lazy or this and that, how much would we solve if no one could possibly starve? Yeah. We set up free restaurants or free kitchens. We have them in every city, but we have, it should have really good ones and massive ones. Yeah. Like for real, like food should be free for a lot of people. Yeah. I think that If we're this rich as a country, We're pretty rich. So let's have nobody, no babies starve. No babies being malnourished. Nobody starve to death. I mean think health too. Healthcare Yeah. Would be A hundred percent. You Shouldn't be going bankrupt, but you Have to revamp the whole thing. Yeah. You'd have to, you would have to get to the real nitty gritty. Like, why are you prescribing this?


Like, who's making money off of this? How did this happen? How many ads did you guys run? What did the ads say? you know, like what's, what are the studies? What are all the studies? Not just the ones that you submitted. What's the actual data instead of the data that's reviewed by the pharmaceutical company and then given to the scientists in the report when They do their peer review. When that was explained to me, I was like, a, you guys are making too much money. You're getting crazy. This is what it is. You went, you went above and beyond the rules because you have too much power and influence, but also you do great stuff. Yeah. They do. It's like also they make lifesaving saving drugs. Yeah. Also, they stop a lot of diseases also see like there's a lot of good there.


Yeah. And you can't say the pharmaceutical drug companies are all evil bitch. They keep us alive in a lot of respects. Yeah. They do. They do They keep people healthy? They've saved people from depression. There's like a lot of good that pharmaceutical drugs and the drug companies have done. They've saved people who have diabetes. There's a lot of good, yeah, a lot of good. So let's say that they're all evil. No, it's fucking money people. It's easier to do that though too, because you don't have to really come up with a solution if everyone's just at each other's throats. Well, there's not enough oversight. If there was real oversight, objective oversight by people who actually knew what they were doing, they would never let them get away with this prescribing a bunch of stuff that they knew was gonna have a negative effect.


Like, like the Viox scandal. Like that's part of the whole scandal was that they knew that people were gonna have these effects, these side effects that were very bad. They knew it. They talked about it in emails. These knuckleheads, they're fucking so stupid. They said they, they, we were gonna have some problems, but we also, they we we're gonna do Well. Yeah. They're explaining all the like, you know, cardiopulmonary, cardiovascular, all, all these different blood clotting problems. I'm so glad I have a friend who had a fucking stroke when he took that stuff. No, he was in his thirties. Oh wow. Yeah. He was in his thirties. A martial arts champion and Ugh. Yeah. I don. I, I'm glad I'm kind of stupid. And. I just am like a clown. Yeah. I don't, I'm not like smart enough to fix these problems.


I can, I can observe them and experience them on my own and see that it does behoove these people to just have everybody fighting so that they don't actually have to come up with like politicians in particular. They don't have to come up with real solutions. They can just be like, it's the other guy forever. Have you ever lived in a house that has black mold? No, thank God. Because that shit will destroy you. It'll Destroy you. Yeah. I I've had a couple friends who have had problems with black mold and it's really interesting. And usually what happens is they get sick and they're sick all the time and they can't figure out why they're sick and They're tired. They're Really tired. They're just worn out all the time.


And then finally they get their house examined and, and somebody probably suggested to them, and then, oh, Jesus Christ, your walls are filled with black mold and a lot of times it's like a leaky pipe or something. A leaky pipe. And there's water in the walls. Right. And all the moisture. And in Texas it gets crazy. They get it, they get it bad out here. But when you have that, you have to burn the fucking house down. Essentially. You have to like, cut out all the walls. Like, it's a very invasive process. Remember that guy Tom Ku? Do you remember Tom Lykes? He was a radio DJ in town's familiar. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. Yep, yep, yep. Yeah. He had like Flash Fridays or girls would pull their tits out.


Yeah. He would tell people they're useless on the phone. You remember that guy? Yeah. He had that, that happened to him. And he was explaining it to me. He said it was horrific that like he's just sick all the time. Couldn't figure out what was up. And it's hard to get out of your system. Yep. Hard to get outta your system. It wrecks your health and it takes a long time to recover just from the effects of it. It's, it's essentially a breathing poison every day. And who knows what it actually does overall that you're not gonna recover from. Like, it might, it might actually take like years off your life. Like, who knows? But the point was it's really hard to get rid of it. You gotta, it's so invasive. And, I. Think that's where money is today. Money is with pharmaceutical drugs, money is with politics. It's like we could all agree.


I think we could all agree that the way the pharmaceutical, pharmaceutical drug companies should work is they should be very careful about what they prescribe. And they should be very careful about side effects. And they should be very careful about what is addictive and not addictive and what should be prescribed openly and regularly and what should not be. And for the greater good of humanity. And if even if they did that, even if they did that, they would still make ungodly amounts of money. That's what's so crazy about all this. Yeah. But it wouldn't be the maximum amount of money. And when you have a publicly shared company, it's your responsibility to the shareholders to make the most money. Yep. And you make more money every quarter. Yeah. You, you wanna keep going. Let's go, let's go. Let's fucking go.


Let's go. And if you Right. Planes are falling outta the sky. That's also why you get a private jet is you gotta let's fucking go. Like, and the thing is, I Need a private jet That's been attached unfortunately to our health. And then you get people that, you know, they fucking advocate for public health and they look super unhealthy. Oh yes. And they're telling you that the only solution is bang, bang, bang. And the only solution is generally tied to something that they have invested in. Yeah. Its Fucking crazy. But it's black mold. It's black mold. It is, that's what it is. And it seems shouldn't Exist. The, the, like, the resistance to getting stock trading out of politic. you know, like you shouldn't be able to affect the stock and trade on it, the policy about a company and then be able to make, it's like millions And millions a month.


Really? Have you seen the Nancy Pelosi one where they question her? No. you know, Saw what? No, I feel like, feel like maybe I have seen it. Finds it, it is fucking amazing. 'cause she's all stammering. She looks like she's a little drunk already. And then they, they hit her with it. She's like, what? What? I think we should be able to participate. But It's just, oh, I think she, I have seen this. She's, It's amazing how badly she handles it. They, they're, they're so rich. It's crazy. That crazy Rich. How are you a hundred millionaires? You get paid like a Hundred $70,000 a year and you're worth hundreds of billions of dollars. That is so wild. It is very Romanesque. you know, it's Amazing. It's amazing. They do it right in front of you.


Like I'm not jerking off. I'm not jerking off. It's raining out. They just, They come right in your face and they're like a, the whole thing is so crazy. It's so Crazy. It's so crazy because there's so many of 'em. And then nobody talks about it. The other ones don't talk about it. 'cause then you look at the list and it's like black, It's bipartisan. It's, Yeah, it's, here we go. It's blue, it's red. Yeah. It's, Some of the Republicans are making the most Oh Yeah. Congress. And There's spouses, the banned from trading individual stocks while serving in Congress. No, I don't. No. To the second one. Any we have a responsibility to report in the stock. On the stock. but I don't, I'm not familiar with that five month. What with you. But if people aren't reporting, they should be, Why should they be bad?


Because this is a free market and people, we are a free market economy that should be able to participate in that. That's such bullshit. Like saying that it's a free market. It's not, when you are manipulate, when you know You're gonna pass laws and those laws are gonna affect a company, it's gonna make the stock go up. Like, like that's crazy. Okay. Yeah. That is a free market, I guess for you. It's Free for you. Well, that's crazy. If you, if you could fucking go to jail for insider trading. Like what is that? What? Come on. What is that? you know Martha Stewart's watching this. Like these motherfuckers, well, We figured that out the other day. Martha Stewart did not go to jail for insider trading. She went into jail for lying to an investigator.


Oh. She was lying under oath. They All lie though. She's lying right now. Was she lying? Was she lying under oath or was she just lying when questioned? Yeah, so Oh yeah, Something like that. Something like that. Yeah, something like that. So that's why she went to jail for the, but that's like a little trick. They. do you know, they get you to start talking and then you know, you don't tell the truth about something. Have you ever talked to Doug? Do you know Doug? Doug? Who's Doug? And right away you're lying right away. You're lying. And I for her. don don't even think it was a lot of money. Which is really crazy. She would've only lost like a certain amount of money. She's super duper rich. Doug. Yeah. You're like, huh, who the fuck is Doug fucking What like am I?


We see you texting Doug right here. Oh no, not Doug. And then you think like, signal is thought really encrypted. I thought his name was Douglas. They're showing you the fucking things from Signal. Why were you doing it on an encrypted app? How Did you read it? Wait a minute. Just ridiculous. Do you believe any of these apps are really truly Encrypted? No. No. None of them are encrypted. They're all, I think they CIA honeypots. They're all Honeypots. I think they are encrypted, but Don don't think that matters to, to fucking CIA or the NSA or whoever wants to read his shit. That's the fucking shooter. I was like, give me whatever phone that kid Has. Oh, we can't get into it. Yeah, we can't get into his phone. Like, what the fuck are you talking about? Bitch, you get into Elon Musk's phone. They got into it. No, They couldn't get into it on the field, but they went back to Quantico and they got it and got the software update and then they got into It like an hour.


Oh, it's a software update. The old software update. That's what they're called it these days. The software, the Software update. That's a, they crashed all the planes the other day or whatever. Oh my God. Like, they were like, oh, is this software update like that? It took one software update to like stop all global flights. I read like the ultimate of Ultimate Conspiracies. Oh, I wanna hear it. That the Company's right. Please, please let America know. I've done zero research into this. And I just saw a tweet. And the tweet was essentially saying that it was that this company was owned by Ukrainian billionaire. Oh, here we go. It's Zelensky That this company that, what's it called?


CrowdStrike Crowd. CrowdStrike That crashed the entire internet for all the fucking airlines was owned by some rich Ukrainian guy. This is like this grand, grand conspiracy. There's so many good conspiracies going on. There's so many good ones. If you're in conspiracies, it's like murder mystery podcasts. No, it's like that they're everywhere. That meme with the guy from where it's like a, There's so many. And by the way, so many of them have become, so I had How about the phone call? Which phone call? The phone call with Kamala Harris. And, and, and he's on speaker phone. But They found him now, Allegedly. No, there, there's video. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Listen, I'm not saying, Saying I'm so turned on by, I'm not saying that he's, he's not really, that's not really Joe Biden.


That's a guy in a CIA makeup suit. Walk up the stairs. I'm not saying that, but they can do that. Wait, so what's the conspiracy conspiracy about CrowdStrike That I don't understand. There's that ow, I don't know. I didn't read into It. I know I never did. That's owned by some Ukrainian billionaire. It's like, dude, you know, and there's ties to Joe Biden, Ukraine, And I love how it's like telephone Hunter Biden and, and Ghislaine Maxwell on the planes. It's like, Jesus Christ, I can't keep up with this season. I can't, I, the season every night when it's jump the shark, the episode ends. I I sit in my couch, And I go, what are they gonna do next? You're like, I'm afraid to turn it off.


I was talking to my sister on the way And I was like, and she was going off F something and she's like, I was like, oh, did you see that this kid might have had ties to the FBI? She's like, he did. I'm like, don don't know. I saw a tweet, but I'm just gonna tell you that He did. Yeah. Let's, let's send it to Jamie for further investigation. So the allegation is that this kid had been visited multiple times. See they got cell phone data. So they got Geotracking data and some phone call. Had some phone had been visiting him and going back to Washington DC on multiple times.


And that this, this, they got him thing had been happening near the FBI location where I know I have It here somewhere. I know I have it saved, but God damnit so many people are sending me this shit today that I can't keep Up. I'm sure. I'm sure. Yeah. Oh, it's Tim, Tim sent It here. I'll send it to you. Me and Tim Dylan are going back and forth All day on Conspiracies. Yeah. That's like Landau, And I. Dave Landau. Oh yeah. All day long. We're just like, He's a fun dude. Oh my God. My favorite human. One of my favorite humans. He's just a good, like he, when I got back into comedy, he started letting me open for him. And his crowds are amazing. First of all the guy's been on the road for like 20 years.


But watching him, it, it's like he's good at everything. I don't understand. He's good at act outs. He's good at crowd work. He's good at like, coming up with shit that day from the news cycle. Like the guy is like, it, it's actually, he's one of the most underrated comics. Well, I think there's a lot of comics that for, for whatever reason, they never caught a break. They never caught a thing that got them out there that people got to see him. But they're really good. Yeah. He's he's doing mothership though. I'm excited. Oh yeah. He's doing it the weekend. A friend of mine was gone. I'm opening, she was telling me that that's in October. It's The end of the, of August. Oh yeah. Right, right, right. Last of August.


That's Right. September 1st is when my friend's going. Yeah. It's gonna be fun. Yeah. He's he's just like a joy to wa and his humor's so dark. Well, He's a good dude to hang out with too. He's so good. Oh, here he is. He's a good Person. So, oh my God. This needs to be shared everywhere immediately. The Heritage Foundation, First of all red flags all over the place. First of all, who the fuck is the, what's the Heritage Foundation? They're like the, you know, project 2025 people, I think. Oh, I love it. They're, they got Jesus on speed dial. The Heritage Foundation just released cell phone data of a mysterious figure who made frequent trips between Trump shooter Thomas, Matthew Crook's home and a building in DC near an FBI office. Well, you know what?


My house is fairly close to a taco deli, but there's really no connection. What does that mean? you know what I'm saying? I love it. Nine devices were identified. The analysis linking to both his home and work. Oh. How does that data get out? Well, no, so well, Let's find out, Jamie. So Here's the thing. I'm curious when they, I had this guy on my podcast walk-ins welcome back during the BLM stuff. And he said all of it, Jamie, get back to open the link. There's no Link on it. There's no link. No. I I went to this oversight committee's plate. I was looking for their original tweets About it. Do they have The Heritage Foundation has a, a post about it on their website.


I never saw it from Heritage Foundation. I saw Can you go there without catching braces? Oh, You know the guy I had Coach t Oh, okay. So I had 'em on my podcast and he said all the guys who were marching in BLM were either homosexuals or actors. He's like, there are no black men who are marching in this And I. He was like, not like, like heterosexual black men. That's hilarious. He said, I lost a sponsor for it. Whoa. 'cause Coach T said that you lost a sponsor. Yeah. Because they were like, were we supposed To edit that out? Don don't know. Can people have opinions? Well, He's a black man. He can't say what He also, he is funny saying something Funny. And he's also hilarious. And he probably laughed when he said it. Right. Then The cell phone data came out because they can track all of us all the time.


And it turned out it was like he was deadly accurate. It was like Misinformation or you know what they call that? He said people confused about their identity. That's what he said. He said, people in, People in entertainment homosexuals Or people confused about their identity. That's hilarious. What is this? Jamie Heritage Foundation tweeted this oversight project thing that says assassination info drop. So it says four hours of aggressional testimony later. And we still have more information about the assassination attempt on former President Trump from x and oversight PR than the Secret Service DHS or the FBI. We found the assassin's connections to our in-depth analysis of mobile add adapt data tracker to track the movements of crooks and his associates what to do.


This we tracked devices that regularly visited both crooks home and place of work and followed them. So you're think about what they're saying here though. Analysis of mobile ad data. Yeah. So the ads are tracking you every step of the way, wherever you are. When my husband And is just open about it, When my husband was cer I, the ads like outed my husband looking for a ring for me, I started getting ads. Oh no. For rings. No, no. It's Creepy shit. Well, we were talking about the other day, Jamie, what was, oh, purses. So someone was explaining to me, my, my wife is explaining to me like what purses and why people like certain purses and Oh yeah. Some purses are like, like All the brands Exclusive, like you have to develop a relationship With They're investment.


Yeah. You have to develop a relationship with the person selling the purse in order to get one of those purses. You can't even get the ones that are on the show. I can't go buy that. No. Like it's like Rolex is like that. Yeah. Yeah. If you go into a Rolex store, you can't just buy a Rolex. Like, no, no, no, no, we don't have anything to sale, but you have a giant store. What the fuck is this? So I was talking about it with her and then all of a sudden I started getting these purse ads. Yep. On my, my she Knows what she's doing. So it's listening. Yeah. But it's just listening. Yeah. Yeah. And you know, we just accept that. But it Also knows who's in the same room together. So I knew my husband was looking for rings for me, and then I started getting ads for that. It's a ring. It's dirty rat. It's A fucking Rat. But the thing is like, how do they get that Data? That's, I think that's like the, the Publicly available.


Yeah. A lot of it I think. Or you pay what you pay. I think you pay So you can pay and then plug in a phone number. I've, I've Thought about asking you if we can do an investigation like this just for funds to see like what data can we get? Yeah, Let's do that. Let's track Jamie All day long. Let's see which massage Paula, Jamie's going to to get that. We could pick someone, some willing participant, If you did I mean for real. Like, but that's creepy because then they just have to find your phone number, Jamie, and they'll know Well yeah, what your, your route is based on ad tracking data, which is crazy. That seems like a, a huge security liability. I Brought up to, I, I was talking to someone out in the lobby, the new journal app on the iPhone, which is like a probably iOS 17 or 18.


It keeps giving me prompts. Oh fuck that thing. So Like write, you know, write in your journal. Yeah. And I was looking through it yesterday. It's broken down by like, where I go, what I was doing there. And then it knows, it's like, do you wanna write about your golf day? Oh, at this place for Monday? Were To lunch here. Like, how about your day at work with Marshall and the dogs is like, what the fuck? Dirty little spy. How you, how does that work? Dirty Little Spy. I Wrote a whole piece about those menstrual tracking apps because I had one back when I was dating my husband. And then I was like, Hey, can I sign you up just to see how weird this is? And he's like, this is fucking creepy. I don't wanna know that you're like in your luteal phase or whatever. And I have to be nice to you. And it, it like gives him tips.


Like she would like, Oh no, not tips. you know what would be great though, if you had like a real female heavy government and you know, they would all have coinciding menstrual cycles if they all worked together all the time. Yeah. And then you could like get all their data and figure out exactly when the shit is about to hit the fan. And you could like run the stock market that way. You could like make bets because when the shit's gonna hit the fan, they're gonna be fucking angry. Things are gonna go sideways. You're gonna have a dip in productivity. You're gonna have people resigning, something's gonna go wrong. This is all the stuff the left is very worried about with like JD Vance. 'cause allegedly, he's like big And I. Don't know if it's true. America, don don't know if this is true. He's allegedly into like the menstrual tracking and you know, these billionaires are getting behind these apps so that they can like, and there's a lot of fear.


Wait, do They, what do they want from That? There's a lot of fear with like the states that don't allow abortion because now they wanna like pull up your, you know, records and see if you might, I don't fucking know. I read these things And I. I'm like, I never don don't know what's true or not, or what's just being like you, you know, just the, just hyperbolic so that people freak out about this stuff. But there's, there's, yeah, there's a whole industry in this now, like a whole, the whole menstrual tracking. Jesus Christ. I was listening to a podcast the other day, And, I never knew why Women's Cycles synced up.


But here's my question. What do they want from it? What do they want from that data? What, What are these guys that are tracking menstrual Cycles? Well, it's generally presented as something that's good for the women because then you can like eat and work out with their cycle. Because if you are in perimenopause or pre menopause or you're like a, like in the prime of your life, you wanna do different things at different times and your cycle and different foods are better and Right. Like, hormones for women are nuts. Dudes just have like what, you've got one, you got women have like three that are constantly interacting and, and all it's so depending on what, they just haven't done as many studies. So now they're trying to say like, oh, it's good to know where you are so that you can support yourself.


Allegedly, all these guys want this for like, Handmaid's Tale, don don't know. See, this is what I'm asking. Like what do the guys want it for? This is a conspiracy. The, the article I'm reading says that there was a new final regulation. HHS finalized a new regulation under HIPAA to limit law enforcement access to medical records tied to reproductive health. So they're, they go all the way down to saying local police agencies might simply take it upon themselves to pull the records to see who had unexplained disruptions in their menstrual cycles to find out if someone would cross state borders To get to go get an abortion. Whoa. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. It's nuts. Yeah. Oh my God. Imagine you, your, your own menstrual cycle isn't private information.


Nothing's private, But imagine that. Yeah. Imagine like someone can sneak in and say what happened? And you have to explain you had a fucking miscarriage to some asshole who's accusing you of driving to Ohio or wherever the fuck you've got to go. Yeah. Imagine I mean that's The, just imagine those conversations. If you're a person who had a miscarriage. Oh Yeah. I mean, imagine like, imagine if you're married, imagine these are happening. Imagine you're married and happy and you were trying to have a kid and you had a miscarriage and some fucking asshole is at your front door accusing you of getting an abortion. Yeah. You have to deal with this Christian fucking cult member with a clipboard, you know, aggressively accusing you of killing your baby.


Yeah. Yeah. They, it stems from the, what they call the Dobbs decision, which changes the rights of states. So Dobbs decision tore away the constitutional right to privacy and bodily autonomy by giving states increased rights to limit and even outlaw abortions. Fortunately, the decision did not ban abortions nationwide. So Then they were saying that some of these new regulations could allow them to go even further and check, like, do whatever They do to check kind of Mm. They're trying to stop that. Isn't it crazy that one of our biggest arguments as a country is whether or not you should be allowed to kill a baby? Isn't that crazy? I love You.


Yeah. I just Love that that really was is what it is. Yeah. you know, and I'm not a, I'm not a pro-life person. I'm not a, I'm not a, I don't think it's my decision. I don't think I have the right, it's too weird. I, especially if it's not, I'm not involved like I'm a politician. I'm looking at like a, a person and deciding whether or not they should have to have that baby or not. It's like, it seems crazy because it seems like it's one of those weird human things. Where are you saying the moment of conception, it's a baby. Like if it's three cells and you know for a fact, that's when you can't shut that down. Like you what? But then if you ever go to the body's exhibit, that's fucking creepy exhibit that I talk about. Yeah.


And they have babies. They have babies at every stage and they, you see 'em at six weeks, eight weeks, 10 weeks, First of all. How'd you get those? Right. Don't Wanna know. Yeah. Second of all, it, it, it really like puts it in perspective and it changes like this idea and you just putting it in a box, a woman's right to choose. Right. Yeah. Definitely not my, not my place, but look at that. Look what we're saying. Look what we're saying. The choices. Like what Look, what we're like advocating for, I think most American, like the, when you poll Americans, it's very much, I think where I end up landing, they're squishy on it and it's like pro-life in the sheet. Like pro-choice in the streets, pro-life in the sheets.


like a lot of women are like, I wouldn't get an abortion, but I'm, I don't wanna stop someone else from doing that. But To hear that, and then there's a slippery slope of allowing people to tell you you can't get an abortion. Right. Especially allowing men to tell women that they don't even remotely connected to that they can't have an abortion. Yeah. It's like a weird body autonomy thing. And it's like, That's what I mean. And a lot of them want to ude crazy things like a child that is like never gonna live like unviable or it could be a threat to the woman that's some sort of a medical issue and it could be a threat to a woman's life unless they abort the baby. Yeah. Like, and even then they're like, no, let God sort it out. Like, Hey, you know, well they'll, they'll make exceptions for this, but they don't always allegedly, but the doctors are worried often about losing their license in states where it's highly regulated.


Yeah. So you end up sketchy. Scary. Yeah, it's sketchy. And I don't, I don't think like, you know, it's a slippery slope to like get the jab too. you know, you, you, I don't think you have to have some kind of bodily autonomy, but I understand the argument too from the moral perspective. I had this woman in Steadman on my podcast and she's brilliant and she was like, you know, it's a hard conversation because it is a moral, like, if you're not conflicted about it, you're not thinking deeply about it because it is a life. And as someone like Ben Shapiro would say, left untouched, that would be a baby. Yep.


And I think, was it Burr who had that like brilliant bit brilliant bit brilliant Bit. Yeah. Louis has a brilliant bit on it too. It's it's Complicated. It's complicated. Yeah. There's no getting Around that that I understand the fight for it, you know, I if, if that is where you lie. Yeah. But this thing of having people track your fucking cycle. Yeah. No, The psycho And seeing a regular and having like crazy like bow tie wearing Christian guys do it. you know what I'm saying? I Just love that in your mind. They're like these like, hello, Pray the gateway away type dudes. Pray the Gay Away. There's, you know, there's, there's, you know, they can, they mask themselves in a blanket of virtue through religion the same way a lot of woke people do by being mean cunts and thinking they're doing it to be like progressive or Well, They have their own version of Pray the Gay Way.


It's the same. Yeah. They do. But it, they're doing what they're doing by wrapping themselves up in these ideas of Christianity. It's just allowing like people's worst instincts to be able to be justified, you know, the instincts to control people and dominate people and destroy people. People have weird instincts to just destroy people. Yep. And people do have weird things about women. Like there is just a very, it is very strange to think, I, I, I don't know. Are there, other than like the jab when people were like, you gotta get the jab. I can't think of a a a don don't know, and maybe I'm wrong. Is there like a comparable scenario where men's bodies are kind of like this battlefield?


None. Yeah, nothing. Nothing remotely close. Yeah. Nothing's remotely close. And again, There's no one has any control over men's bodies. There's I mean, the only thing they can tell you is don't take steroids. Which They do you know So. like, but who's gonna jail for that? Yeah. And also there's testosterone therapy that people get. Yeah. And that's, it's not steroids, but that's no one, no one's stopping you from doing that test. Beneficial helps people. Sounds awesome. It's great. It's great stuff. It, it helps people. It gives it, it helps your body retain its vitality. And you don't want a broken down old fucking shitty body. It's really that simple. Yeah. And everybody attaches testosterone to douche ishness. And I. Totally get, I totally get where that coming from.


Douche baggery. Shitty behavior, unnecessary aggression. Yes. 100%. But not always. Yeah. And it's like all things, it's like, yeah, there cars, people drive recklessly and they drive drunk and they cause accidents. Right. But not always. Yeah. Right. So let's not ban cars. Let's not, let's not like automatically assume that all things masculine are bad. No, this is a stupid thing. It's so, it's so, so done unhealthy too. It's just also I was hired ladies, That's what you like. That is what you like ladies. I know you don't wanna admit it, but that's what you like. You just like it when it's nice. That's all it is. Kind of. Yeah. Yeah. You just don't want it mean, you know, and you don't want it ruining civilization.


And that's what it does. 'cause it, it ruins civilization. Like if wars were all women, there'd be no fights. There'd be, it'd be very few, there'd be a few brawls and like Wendy's at two o'clock in the morning, there would be no real war. Yeah. But it's not the same thing. you know what I'm saying? but I, I'm saying if there was wars, if, if entire populations were all women, I mean no men, men don't exist. So women exist only in the form that they exist today. Right. Let's pretend they don't need men and they just exist like this. There'd be fucking zero war. What do you think about this argument though? That the other thing that's destroying civilization right now is not having enough men dying in wars? Well, like you have all these men who generally would be kind of sacrificing these wars historically who are, and now they're all just like keyboard warriors who hate, you know, their in insults.


Basically. There's an argument that people make about like, we need to put them back in the coal mines. They need to like get back to I've got a much easier solution. Jujitsu. Yeah. Or that It should be mandatory. you know how you learn how to read, you should learn how to strangle people. Both. Both, yeah. Both sexes. Yes. Definitely. Well, juujitsu is the absolute best self-defense for women. For women. Definitely. A hundred percent. Yeah. There are women that are 130 pounds that can put you to fucking sleep. Yeah. If you're a big grown man, they will fucking strangle you. They will take your back. You won't be able to stop it. And they will get their hooks in and they'll put you to sleep. Yeah. That's a 100% fact.


You just need a fighting chance to get away. Yeah. Yeah. But you, you also need to be able to defend yourself. And like, one of the best things about Jiujitsu is the guard and learning how to fight off of your back. Now, if you're a woman and some guy takes you down and tackles you, learning how to effectively defend yourself off your back is fucking huge. Yeah. It's absolutely huge. Because technique can overcome physical strength. Yeah. It really can. Especially in that position. It, I wanna, 'cause they learn how to shield with their shins. They learn how to grab at the biceps and the shoulders and prevent you from using your strength. They learn how to get underhooks and to go behind you. They, they learn how to defend themselves.


Do you know if there's a place in Austin that does like women's self defense? A hundred percent. Okay. 'cause I, I assume, well, We don't want women's self defense. Well, I just all, I'm, I'm not disparaging women's self-defense classes, but what my feeling is, is that you should learn how to actually fight. Okay. I think there's, I used to to, I used to teach TaeKwonDo at Boston University and then they had this women's self-defense class that they're gonna do there too. And I got a chance to watch it. And I was like, none of this is gonna work. This is gonna Work. When I was taking a Gracie in Beverly Hills, it was Juujitsu, but it was specifically like, you get grabbed from behind. Oh yeah. Get Yeah. The Gracie's do a different thing though. Yeah.


So you, you were learning how to fight, but it was specifically like, generally how you're in a car, you're, This is my, this is the reason why I'm saying this. Knowing how to do something is not enough. It's just not enough. You have to train it. Right. And you have to train It all. It has to be automatic. It. Yes. Yeah. You have to train it all the time. Yeah. If you don't train it all the time when the thing happens, you'll have to think. You don't want to have to think. Right. No. It to be like muscle memory. Yes. Yeah. One of the best things about Jiujitsu is when you are rolling in the class, the person who you are sparring against is generally going close to a hundred percent of their strength. When there's certain positions, like there's certain things that they're doing to you where they're using all their might to try to achieve a dominant position, a passing of a guard, you know, a finishing up of a submission, they're closing up a submission that is a, you're accustomed to that, so it's a normal thing.


Right. And so you're, you're not like, when you do sparring and karate class, you kind of touch each other. Yeah. Yeah. So when somebody really fucking blasts you, you're not, it's not, you're not used to that. And you, you might freak out. Right. Juujitsu, it becomes automatic. Okay. Is is the absolute best martial art for people. Because if you're in a physical, physical struggle with someone, if some guy grabs you at a bar and the bar table behind you falls over and you're on your back, you, you know exactly what to do. You don't, you don't even think you're in the middle of chaos. And it's as easy as tying your shoe. you know exactly what to do, but it's because you've done it a hell. This is like shooting though too. It's why you've gotta train. You Should train everything. Yeah. Everything that you do that's important to you.


Yeah. Yeah. Everything. Everything. It's standup comedy. Yeah. You have to do a lot of sets. Yeah. If you don't do a lot of sets, you don't feel sharp. Yep. You have to feel sharp. Yep. It's, it's like been so fun to get back because I was, I kind of convinced myself maybe I just had a 10 year phase Of comedy. No. And then my friend Ariel, Isaac Norman, who runs like a, it's a gay enough show, she's, she's amazing. And she was like, just come do one set and see how you feel. And I was like, don don't know, I'm a mom now. Like, maybe that was just like my lesbian summer that I had or whatever. And she is like, just try it and see. She's like, you can't, like you can lie to yourself about this, but you're, once you're a comedian, like good luck getting that out.


And once I got up, I was like, God damn it, I gotta do this now. And it's not something you can just like do, you know? It's not a, you've gotta do it. Well also, like you feel the puzzle again. Like I Love the puzzle. You feel the puzzle, you go on stage, you're working the puzzle out and you're like, okay, I am in, It's so humbling too. I just love eating shit and being like, I don't know. It was, it was funny. Someone was like, why are you doing that? I'm like, well, I can either be a successful pundit or a failed comedian. And I don't rather be failed comedian. Well, even the successful pundit is not mutually exclusive. No, I know Jimmy Dore, he does both. Jimmy's great though, Jimmy. Jimmy's, he's smart, Though.


Such a funny standup too. Yeah. He, he did stand up at the club when he was in town doing my podcast. I haven't seen him live in forever. He was really funny. Yeah, he was really sharp. Yep. Yeah. It's been, I just Such a nice guy too. Yeah. I've, I've always wanted to don don't know him. I've always wanted to meet him. He's a sweetheart. Yeah. He's a really nice guy. Every, I like him a lot. Every interaction I've had with him has been pleasant. but I never Goes hard. He goes so hard. Like He knows a lot Though. He does. He's cons. Well, he's him and he's ruined. Kurt Metzker. Why? Kurt Metzker is like, so far down the conspiracy rabbit hole Now. Oh, I know. Every fucking conspiracy. Kurt Metzger's balls in.


Oh yeah. And he just freaked out by everything because he didn't know all this stuff until he started working with Jimmy and he started working with Jimmy and he's like, Jesus Christ. And now he's just like, he's just in, every time I have, I find anything that's fucked up. I send it to him to get him worked up. Kurt. Yes. And he sends me like these walls of texts. You wanna see these walls of Texts? I, I love him. Have you ever seen Them? No. Have you ever been texting with Kurt? I wish. Show Wish. Lemme show you Kurt Massacre Wall of text when They were here doing their show. These walls of text. Look at these, look at these walls of texts. Watch these. I'll get you a good one. Here. Here we go. Here's a good one. Look at this wall. Oh Wow. He's just ing Here's another good one.


Here's another good wall. He just, he'll like, just go at you. That guy's like a joke writing machine now. He's a genius. Yeah. No, he's a genius. Yeah. I mean his mind. Just, he, he has a, like, you know, when they open dams, that's what it's like. Like, do you sleep? He just goes so hard. Yeah. He's such a great joke writer. It's such a fun dude to hang out with. But thing that the tweet walls are fucking insane. Their thing that they did at mothership that he and Kyles ies. Yeah, I was, that that shit is genius too. It's So like Don Again is one of those guys where you wanna talk about someone who's like not appreciated for a good, A genius And a true genius. Yeah. His face swaps of Trump. Did you ever see the one with Trump and Caitlyn Jenner?


They're having sex. No. I I think that was the one that they wouldn't let on Comedy Central. Because, you know, briefly he was gonna do a thing on Comedy Central with the face swaps. but I, it's, they're too good on Instagram. They're too good. Like he's too free. Yeah. And the, the craziness is the freedom. Yeah. you know, like, did you ever see the one where Caitlyn Jenner was explaining about her new vagina that she got to the girls I don think so. And how she masturbates with it with a weed whacker. It's like she's, the whole thing is so, it's so horrible. It's so crazy. And the girls are like, what? Like, have you seen it? He's got the Kardashians in the background and find that please.


Jamie. He is, He they were so, And shes baby. He does the best. Caitlyn Jenner. It's fucking insane. He does the best Trump. They were when they did the land acknowledgement, it was like a picture of you kicking like a, like the audience had no idea what to make of this. They're like, what is happening right now? They're like, we need to do a land acknowledgement. Acknowledgement. Like, it was like watching NPR mothership. It was so good. It was, Do you remember when they used to announce what color the clothes they were wearing? Oh yeah. My pronouns are she haw her and I'm in a blue dress. Didn't Kamala do That? Yes, yes, yes. Yeah. They only did it for like a few weeks and they're like, too much. Too much. Everybody back out, back out.


That, that one was so stupid that even people in their party were like, what the fuck are you doing? What the fuck are you doing? That's like, if, like right wingers started going, my name's Bob. I'm a patriot. And I. Believe in Jesus Christ. Like everybody, Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey Bob. We're just talking about the infrastructure. We just, we just gonna fix the road. Bob. Not Bob. Calm down. Bob. My name is Bob. Yeah. I'm here because I was saved by the Lord. Bob. Don't believe Bob doesn't Believe Gage. Gage is just resist, resist, resist. Do you know that's what Ben Shapiro told me. What? That like, you should just not do it. And that it's like one of those things. Like, you, you might wanna murder someone, but you shouldn't give it a sin.


Like, yo, I think it's, he met any gay guys. you know what? Any gay guys Like just clench that bee hole and pray. But First of all, what are they supposed to do? Pretend they like girls. Have you met gay guys? Like, I actually look at, you know, they actually, they're, they're real. Okay. It's like thinking that a bear is a fucking teddy bear. An actual gay guy is a real thing. Leave them the fuck alone. Let 'em fuck eyes. You weirdo, you bow tie, wearing clipboard, having fucking weirdo. What do you care? What do you care? They want to fuck each other. Who Cares? It's like, I feel like we're surrounded by Pearl clutches. you know, ev Everywhere I turn it's Pearl Clutcher. It's also, why is that pleasure so forbidden.


Okay. If it's this, for a lot of people that are like pro-lifers, gay sex should be your favorite sex. 'cause nobody's gonna have a baby. There's gonna be no abortions. you know how many abortions the gay community has? Fucking zero. Or if everyone's going to hell for sure they should get a pass. At least they haven't killed any fucking babies. Right? So is it okay if gay guys massage each other? Is that okay? Oh, that's fine. Oh yeah. Yeah. You can give each other back rubs and foot rubs and butt rubs. Fine. But just don't touch the dick. Like, that's crazy. A I was a joke about this. That Absolutely crazy. If you can get a job, if you're a gay dude, you can get a job rubbing backs and butts and feet for $50 an hour.


Or you could rub dicks for 150. Like, it seems like it's quicker. you know, get to the point. Make your money. Who cares? What do you care? Do you want to touch his feet? You don't. Right? You're doing it for money. You don't wanna touch his dick either. The Argument, I guess would be it was like a slippery slope to all the prostitution gender stuff. Well, It's, it's a slippery soap to, here it is. don don't know if I found the right one that you want. Let's just try it. Let's just text hold that. Is it The wall Was, ah, shit. I forgot. We forgot. Hey Cam. Dad, you need new tennis shorts.


Why? Court said everyone could see your who mayonnaise today. Oh. Maybe. 'cause I put too much of Kylie's lip puff around my lips. Yeah, that goes on the lips on your face. Are you serious? Well, I paid 80 grand for that cooch, so maybe everyone should see it. Damn Bitch. So embarrassing. Oh, you're embarrassed. Lemme give you your name real quick. Hey, look. A picture of the inside of your asshole fucking cam. It's Kim KI am at the side door. Okay, I'll buzz you in.


The door is closed. Yeah, you gotta push it. It's locked. Yeah. Wait until I buzz you. Okay. Push it. Why didn't you open it? There Was a weird buzzing noise. Yeah. That means, that means open the door. It's a box. You have to wait until I buzz you. Jesus Christ. I love him so much. I love him. It's just not right. This Is better than anything that company Central has other than South Park.


No. Yeah. And they fucked it up. Yeah. And the thing is, when they were doing it over there, here's the problem, First of all, they were using better technology. So And I think that's what it, one of the things that makes it fun is how shitty it looks. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. you know, because you don't really think it's Kim Kardashian. You don't really think it's Caitlyn Jenner. The stuff he does is perfect. Yeah. And they were doing it with like high end stuff. Oh, right. And it kinda look creepy. Right, right, right. And I. Think the one with Caitlyn Jenner having sex with Trump. It might not, it might be one of those like lost recordings. Maybe he has it. don Don't. Yeah. I don't think he's ever even released it. It's Hilarious. I should ask Marlene. It's hilarious. I bet my friend has it.


Send that. And I'm pretty sure Trump trump's on the bottom. Yeah. If I remember correctly, They're, I don don't know. These networks are done. Like, how Yeah. What Unfortunately, they're, they're, they're hamstrung, right? They're hamstrung by their format. They're hamstrung by the fact that they, The investors, They have to have commercials every five to seven minutes. They're hamstrung by that. Then they're hamstrung by the fact that they're on commercial television. So they're, there's language restrictions in content restrict. You're not gonna take a risk. The people that are the producers and the executives, they're the ones who get, they get, they get to make the decisions as to whether or not you should take a risk. And generally speaking, unless a show is really successful, like South Park, south Park, they stay outta the conversation.


Like, leave those fucking guys alone. They're geniuses. Let 'em Do what they're gonna do. Let They do what they're gonna do, and it's gonna be amazing. But if you're a beginner, they're not gonna do that. No. They're not gonna take that chance. And because they're not gonna take that chance because they have this weird relationship with their advertisers and they can't be free. They're never gonna be able to compete with someone like Kyle. No. And why would he? You would have to offer him a lot of money to even make that worth it. Yeah. But even if you did, you'd have to let him do that. Yeah. Like the thing is about Kyle, it's like if Kyle was on the staff of a regular Comedy Central show, you know, as a writer or a producer, he would not be able to shine. You gotta leave him alone. You gotta, well, this is why I think Shane dodged a huge bullet. Yes. Because man, how hamster he would've been working.


I I he would've still Sn l would've, he would've still done his shit. Of course. But He would've gotten heat and people got mad at him, but he would've been the same guy. He's Yeah. but I still think like you get rained. Even the one that he did when he was a guest, the funniest sketch of his, they didn't air it. Yeah. Yeah. But that's just, they don't want to, there's, there's like, no, there's like real internal cockfighting Yeah. On that show that people have explained about like whose sketches get picked Yeah. And who's not get picked. And, and there's been a lot of accusations of like certain writers taking premises from younger writers. That's what Jim Brewer said. Oh, interesting. That they have a database of stuff they're working on. And then someone would just see what you're working on and then steal it.


Oh, wow. And write something. Oh wow. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Phil Hartman told me about that too. Oh yeah. Phil, Phil Hartman told me there's all these, like, it's weirdly competitive and back stabby. He was a harsh, like, when, when Phil first came over to News Radio, it took him a while to just relax and be friends with us. Yeah. Because he almost thought of us as being like fellow cast members on SNL. So This is like this combative sort of distance relationship. Interesting. And The cast of News radio was wasn't like that at all. We were all getting drunk together and having fun and laughing. It seems like it's competitive. SNL Oh, yeah. Yeah. It's very, it's not just competitive. It's like back stabby competitive according to Jim Brewer.


Mm. He, he hated it. He just could not deal with the, the way that things were done. It's like high pressure too, and very stressful. It's Also a prestigious position that people are fighting for. Yeah. You're a writer on SNL, you're a producer on SNL. You want, you know, you're This is like, you're in that hungry part of your career where you're making things happen and you're competing with all these other people. And when It was good, it was great. Oh. But it's only great when you have wild people who you let do funny things. Yeah. Yeah. And you can't do a lot of the things that they used to do. It would, oh God no. Like Chevy Chase and Richard Pryor, when they were like, I'm gonna say a word and tell me what you think. Yeah. What's the first word that comes outta your mouth?


That it's like, you couldn't, there's not a chance in Hell. You didn't do genuine ignorant slut. You couldn't do any of that. No. You might be able to do Land Shark, you know, but like, even the fucking Samurai thing that John Belushi used to do. Yeah. You couldn't do that because it's cultural appropriation. Yeah. You can't pretend to be a Japanese guy. They, they're broken. But Do you think Hollywood is, I like with AI and all this, do you think that it, it stands, it doesn't matter. Stands a chance. Yeah. It'll make awesome movies. They're still gonna make movies, but they're gonna make movies entirely on a computer. The the people that are gonna be fucked are the actors and the writers. They're fucked. And then the animators, they're fucked. They're fucked. Everybody's fucked. All these special effects houses. You're fucked. Yeah.


Everybody's fucked. There's, you don't have a, there's not a chance in hell that you survive. They won't just like, use the technology to, They don't need You improve. If a, if a studio is making films like a, all they're gonna need is algorithms. They All kind of look like they're made by algorithms already. What's gonna happen is they're gonna do that. And then the number one movie in the world is gonna be a movie that a kid made on his cell phone. I know he's gonna make it with editing it. Yeah. On fucking iMovie on his phone. Yeah. Or whatever it is. And he's going make it off of his cell phone. And it's gonna be like the Blair Witch Project. Or Like, oh God, Napoleon Dynamite. It's so real. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. There, but special effects and all that shit that's out the window.


Yeah. I don. I don't know. It seems like my friends who are still in Hollywood, in la they've been, we've been talking and they're like, this, the wheels are coming off the bus out here. Like the, they had a strike. And they're like, and we never recovered. Really? And now the work is drying up because they are just using ai. Well, it's not just that they're gonna be able to make real films real quick. Mm. For real cheap. And they're gonna do it and it's gonna cripple that business. Mm. And if those films make any money, if they're any good, if people like 'em, it's gonna be so strange. Man. So many jobs are gonna be useless.


We are literally giving birth to our successor and we're all like, oh, Meta's got an ai Now let me ask you some questions. Have you, do you use AI at all? No. Zero. Zero. I, I have a Samsung Galaxy S 24 Ultra that has some AI features that I thought were interesting. Yeah. One of 'em was, you can go to a website and it'll summarize the website for you. Yeah. Like all important. That's kind of cool. And there's some other things. It does summarizes notes for you. Yeah. Transcribes notes. But other than that, There's good things like for transcription, stuff like that. I think that it's, it is useful. It can do it in no time at all.


No. I probably should ask it questions, But it Is about things. if I have questions about a subject, Maybe I'm writing about it. I, I was sending Tony a screenshot 'cause I was asking it about the, I asked it about the Top Comedy podcast and Kill Tony wasn't on there. And I was like, it's it's shadow banning you AI's doing that. I asked this AI search engine that I've used you.com. Well, for sure. Some of them are curated, some of the results are curated, just like Google results are curated. It's very difficult to get certain stories now. Yeah. If you could try to Google certain stories, things that have happened in the past, very hard to find. And it seems like DuckDuckGo has been compromised too. Oh No. Yeah. I used To Fact that it was really go, but it just seems to mirror the results of Google now.


So Where do you, where do you Go? Didn't used to see for any weird stuff. There's Brave, brave has a, a search engine that I think is with no algorithm. It's not, I don't think it's curated. And I. Think there's a few other ones that you can go to that are like small end search engines. It like, they're all tied into the same thing. Right. They're all tied into this great database in the world. I just don't know, don don't know what's going on behind the scenes. That if you Google certain things, it will only give you positive things about a person. And if you Google other people, it'll only give you negative things. Yeah. Doesn't, doesn't that, that, doesn't it seem though, like tech is shifting a little more?


Right. Word. No. Only X. But I mean, that's it. Didn't fricking Zuckerberg the other day come out and be like, that was the most badass? Or was that ai? No, no. It was real. He said that. But how much, how, how much of a say do you really think Zuckerberg has over the entire business of Meta, right? Yeah. He's the owner, the CEO, the big dog. But he's also one, one human being. He's also hunting people in Maui. Look. Yeah. He, he's doing juujitsu. He's really into a lot of fun things. Yeah. you know, he's having a good time. Right? Yeah. How much I mean? He's not there every day For sure. People are getting shadow banned. And it's not like he's behind the scenes pulling the triggers. There's, there's, it's a company and it's a giant, huge company that is like, all these companies heavily influenced by advertiser dollars.


Yeah. Dumpster fire. We get that a lot from people. We get emails constantly that they, that they've been unsubscribed. Like con I get one a day and we've reached out to YouTube and been like, Hey, why does this happen? They're like, well, if you can get a screen recording of that happening. I'm like, so someone's supposed to record themselves being unsubscribe, like this is impossible. Then maybe they'll investigate it. Well, and dumpster fires, you know, we've, we're we're kind of like, like my friend the other day was like, the shit you say on that show, like, I'm like, we're fine flying under the radar. Yeah, but you're not. It's okay. No one is, you know, even people that aren't flying that are kind of flying under the radar, they're not, there's, they know the, the algorithms picking up things you say.


Oh yeah. They know. They know what you're talking about. And they don't like when people are questioning certain narratives. No, no, no. And we, it's funny how like our slogan for dumpster fires, we make burgers outta your sacred cows. And it is so funny. Back to like our tribalism thing. Everyone has like, their thing. Yeah. Where you'll say something and they're like, ha ha, we love you. And the minute you're like, and then blah, blah, blah. And they're like, BA Yep. Tell you how dare you. And that's all they hear. That's all we hear. That was your thing. I'm sorry I stepped on your third rail. Yeah. Yeah. You you need rubber shoes, bitch. Yeah. The whole thing is stupid. It's, and it's very unfortunate. There's no real competitors like a Twitter.


That's just a video thing. Like YouTube is 'cause He's trying though. Yeah. I mean maybe he will be able to do it. It's possible. He can, if anybody's gonna do it, Twitter's gonna do it. He's Gonna do it. I mean. Thank God we would not know that the president wa wasn't dead. No, I'm just kidding. I'm just spreading conspiracy. Do you think that that's a guy in a suit? Let's watch the video. Are You okay? Wa No, I got something in my eye. It's okay. Do you wanna get it out? No, No, no, no. It's nothing. You wanna Put some water in there? No. I think it's actually just a cigar ash that Do do, do you have eye drops? No. Don't worry about it. I'm Fine. I'm Find a video of I'm a mom now. I know. Thanks mom. I want to show the video of Biden walking up the stairs of Air Force One walked a little too sprightly for my, for my Money. But can we talk about just how objectively insane this is right now?


Yeah. We're arguing whether or not the president is really alive, but Also like everything that's happened in the past, what is it? 10, 11 days? Yeah. And this is, there's a large p We were all talking about this before we started recording. There's a large population of people who are acting like this is all just normal. Like, oh, what's the big deal? All the like, people who were probably still wearing masks, they're all like, oh, what's the big deal? This is, I'm like, if this was Trump and he was in stall, like if just reverse parties and this was happening with Republicans, it would be literally Hitler going on the end of democracy. It's fucking banana town. Zoom in this, this fake Biden real quick.


Just kidding. How Are you feeling? Go full screen. The president. How are You feeling? Not rem not him. How are you? He has no idea where he is. How are you feeling since you dropped out of the race? Sir, This is sad. Can Harris beat Trump? He's walking pretty good. Don don't know. This is sad. Or that's a 40-year-old guy in a suit. But what nearly got assassinated has there been Wait Those hands, those are young hands To stabilize footage. He dropped out of the race with a notes apology.


Like, I want to analyze this like the Patterson Gimlet bigfoot footage. See his gate compared to other, Yeah, I wanna see his gate. I wanna study his gate with fucking AI software. Hey, chat. GPT Tell me if this is the real Joe Biden based on how he walks. I did see someone put, it also could be fake. They put the audio of his phone, of the phone call in. Yes. So like 11 labs. And it said it was like 98% chance it wasn't Real. Yes. Yeah. I sent that to if, if that was real. Did I send send to you? Me? Yeah. Yeah. Let me send that to you too, Jamie. Because, But when I texted you about Trump, it was like, I was like, is this the fir It's fucked up that we even live in a time where all of our first reaction, which rightfully is, is this real? Like when I heard about Trump, I was like, is this ai?


Yeah. Everything seems fake. People were thinking that I mean wasn't Didn't that one lady tweet that she thought that Trump only got shot in the head so he doesn't go to jail? Wait. Oh, so it was, was himss. you know who She was trying? I'll tell you right in a second. After I sent that thing to Jamie, This is a, i I I mean this. The world's gone bananas. I get kind of turned on by all the chaos. 'cause I come from it like I do. I'm like, please stop. I'm gonna start masturbating to Twitter. It is too much. It's just too hot. It, It's so crazy. It's just like every day it's crazier. Okay, here it is. Gail Helt. She said, so it says Donald This is like Aaron Ruper said Nancy Mace apparently said this, I guess it was on one of those news channels.


Donald Trump literally took a bullet for our country. And this lady posts, no he didn't. He was hit with a bullet because he is desperate to stay outta prison. Now supposedly these are deleted tweets, so this might be bullshit. So we have to find out that, because the Russians are always trying to keep us at each other's throat. Ladies and gentlemen, they're good. And then there's the four hand trolls and the, so that might not even be a real tweet. Yep. So let's find out if that's a real tweet. It might 'cause otherwise I'm gonna make you cut that out so we don't get sued. I'm not sure How to find out if it's real. Who is Gail? Ha First of all het Gail. Helt. HELT. Why Would you get sued? By who? Oh, people see you if you read a fake tweet With their name on it.


Who is Twitter account? What Twitter account? Should I look up the Twitter account? Hold on. Sorry. This is amazing. I know. Hilarious. No, it doesn't come up as hell. It's G-H-E-L-T. Oh, that's just, that's the account. Okay. But it feels like the Trump thing's already outta the news cycle. Oh yeah. What's the big deal? You just got shot in the head that Yeah. No press conference. Yeah. Nothing. Did she get rid of her account? Oh, that's the lady. Yeah. So that's, that's the, that's the claim. CIA analyst, CIA analyst. Honeypot.


Don't click on it. What This account does exist. So she killed her account after this. This is weird. Yeah. And do you know that Biden, when he announced that he was not going to seek reelection, it was National Ice cream day. I was like, we live in a simulation. Look at, okay. Context morons. The point was that no, he didn't take a bullet for his country. The point was that he's running to stay outta prison and thus is why he took a bullet. No one believes he set himself up. And you're a fool for trying to twist this into that gaslight.


You didn't say it very well. If that's what you meant. What, I guess She must have deleted her account because Yeah, you did not say it very well. If that's what you meant. If that is what you were trying to say. Well, you did a bad job of expressing yourself. Oh my God. You can't call people morons because you literally said that he was hit with a bullet because he's desperate to stay outta prison. Like that can be interpreted in a lot of ways. This is end of day. So here's the thing about the AI voice thing. So play this. I know yesterday's news was surprising and it's hard for you to hear, but it was the right thing to do. It's, I I I know it's hard because you poured your heart and soul into me.


Okay, now listen, Let's just go on old 11 labs and see if that's really all they probably used for this. So upload. I love it. Nerds cannot be stopped. Very likely. Probability. 98%. Yeah. It's like they Didn't even really try, But Wow. But he's 98%, he's Gonna speak tomorrow to like soon. Allegedly the guy In that fucking makeup's gonna speak That 40-year-old guy with them, 40-year-old hands. Like guy had young man hands. He didn't have dead man hands that, oh, I don't know.


I don't know. But here's the thing. You have a letter like that, okay? And this is how he resigns. He resigns or says he's not gonna run again with a letter. The letter does not have a presidential seal on it. And the letter has a digital signature on it. Right? That's what it was. Right? Okay. Maybe. But before that, before you got Covid, didn't he say that he wasn't gonna quit? He did. Right? Yeah. So, So they killed him. Well, there's been a lot of weird stuff. We haven't seen him since then. Right? And then he gets covid and then all of a sudden he says he can't. And they also said that they gave him 10 doses of Paxlovid. Is that true? Google that? Because I read that I might, that might be some Russian troll shit.


Because they might be saying like, they're waiting for doctors to go, that would kill him. Why did you give him 10 doses? That's fucking insane. They're like, well, we couldn't kill Trump, so now we gotta kill by it. The Guy tweet said that he might have been exposing a glitch where every few times that app says that it when anything was created by it. Oh, well, here's one way to find out. Why don't we take a segment of us talking right now, upload it and see if it thinks that we're ai. Can we do that? I can't do that. How come? 'cause we're recording it right now, and I'd have to stop recording it. Can we stop recording for just five seconds and then do that? I would take No, No. Can I record something on your phone and then maybe upload it to that? I'm just curious. I could get a like this.


Imagine I could get an older podcast and do it. Oh yeah, do that. Yeah. Put a little chunk up there. Let's see what's up. How funny would that be? How funny would be, it's like 98% people would Be like, then here's the new conspiracy. Joe Rogan is ai. The government created him. That's the whole reason why that show became popular. There is no fucking way they would allow that show to say the crazy shit they did. It's all ops, it's all undercover. Deep ops. Everything's an ops Controlled opposition. That was what they all said about me when I came on the scene, when I started writing and talking. They were like, she's a deep state plant sent to undermine conservatism. Are you? No. Here's the thing. If you were on the outside looking in, you probably would think that that's the case.


But if you wanna pay attention to the way this whole administration's going, pay attention to Cor St. Peter, whatever the fuck her name is, the White House press secretary accidentally tweeting Trump's post from her account. Wrong account. Remember that? Remember she did that? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. This is incompetence. If you look at the, like the crew of people that's responsible for the press in the White House, they're all like young kids. Yeah, they're all young kids. First job. And she's her boss. Their boss. Okay. And then you look at that guy that was the fucking Sam Britton that was stealing women's clothes and he was in charge of nuclear energy. Everywhere you look, Pete Buttigieg, all these people, it's incompetence. Oh, I know. It's massive incompetence glued together.


don don't think, think there's this Secret service. I don't think there's a grand plan. I think there's, this Is what my husband always says, A bunch of really incompetent people scheming and clump and banging heads and not knowing what to do and arguing with each other and, and Afraid to lose their jobs. Chaos. And a dude who's 40 years old in a Biden suit. And that's, And also the deep state conspiring behind all of it to make it look like it's just these incompetent gummies. you know, they Think that everybody's somehow or another, like some sort of a plant. But this was, I wish I could tell you you where you would understand me. And believe me, I think most of the things that you think are like deep state are not, I think this whole thing is way more chaotic than we give it credit for.


It's not as easy as like they're manipulating us. They're controlling us. Yeah. They're fucking trying for sure. But it's not working anymore. And that's part of the problem, right? It's not like before in the past, no one had internet search access to how much money Nancy Pelosi was making. Yeah. You'd be like, all right. They just did it. They were doing it forever. They just did it that way and no one knew. Right. Except the people that also did it. Right? Because they were doing it too, which is why they never call each other out. Right? They're all a bunch of criminals. So now that we all know that, like, this is all, everything's being exposed to the point where they want to keep justifying the way they're doing things. They gotta be very clever about it. So I can't wait to find out the results whether or not I'm ai You are ai.


Imagine I Was, if the world is a simulation, I might be ai. I was talking to a family member about like just the incompetence and, and secret service stuff and hiring these people. And they're at a, at a, in like a, they're firemen basically. And they were telling me that they had to hire like an, an actual, he's, he's like, none of these are lies. They had to hire an autistic kid. And he is like, this kid hides in the bathroom and takes naps during the day, but once you kind of hire these, you know, neuro divergent people or whatever, you can't really fire them. So they, they had to like track it and like keep, and he said another guy they hired who was like, something wasn't right, got into a minor fender bender in one of the trucks and like, froze up.


And he's like, this is a first responder who froze up when they got into and wouldn't get out of the truck. And he is like, I'm not making any of this up. He's like, how am I supposed to fucking work with this shit? That's crazy. And he, he was saying the same thing about the secret service and all that. He's like, this is a woman who like, she worked, you know, she was like, buds with Jill and she was like, from Pepsi before, and instead of putting like some marine in charge, Okay, look, they ran the sample very unlikely. So it was right probability of 2.0%. It's very unlikely this audio was generated with 11 labs or the audio Manipul. We can do it a few times and see if it keeps doing It or try a few times. But now we also need to do an AI generat.


But hold on a second. That, that makes sense. Like that means it's accurate. Well That, so what I was saying, the, this guy said, this is the guy who made the original tweet, right? This is the guy who posted the goofy little glitch that makes 11 labs say his voice was AI generated once every few tests. Okay? This is the guy who posted the goofy little glitch. Okay? So this was a funny shower thought, which yourselves and the entire internet placed a near infinite more about of thought, what This person is drunk, This person is out of their fucking mind into than I did. Please carry about your business and stop Harassing More of thought even about being, did fucking AI write this?


Maybe you Could. Yours truly, the guy who's cringey jokes often go way too far. And the internet scares me. Please help. Okay. I don think He was just fucking around Maybe. But the point is that you, we can't listen to anything he's saying. No. And take it seriously. The other thing though sounded like ai, to me it sounded like there's a weird, if you could play it again, Timmy. Well, no, there's a weird fake expression. There's a, there's a smell. Like when you, you hear it, there's a smell. Like there's a bunch. I Know yesterday's news was surprising and it's hard for you to hear, but it was the right thing to do. It's, I I I know it's hard because you poured your heart and soul into me.


There's, it just seems, there's something, the heart and soul into me. It's like, it's something into me. It's like, it's a robot talking. It's, it's ex mina. It's not a person. Yeah. But it's like triggering your uncanny valley. A hundred percent. Yeah. It's triggering my bullshit meter. Yeah. Now I 100% am only saying this because he's missing. I would, he's Not missing If I had not seen, except for the guy in the suit. If he's, if if there was a time where there was no question about whether Joe Biden was alive, And I heard that, I would go, oh, that's probably Joe Biden. Just in, you know, just for full disclosure, Do you think that some accident will hap or like, oh, a medical emergency before the speech?


The, well, that's what Alex Jones was saying. Alex Jones was saying they failed to kill Trump. So now they're gonna kill Biden because they can't have him run against Trump because he can't beat Trump. But if Trump got shot, Biden would win at a landslide. I was playing something that, I think it was you who sent me about it was Alex, I think. And my husband's like, turn that off. He's like, Bridget, I can send you a 17th tweet thread debunking the first two minutes of that from a guy in the army. I'm like, okay. My husband's Like, your husband needs to get to get red pilled. He's, he's just a skeptic. He thinks he doesn't attribute to malice what he can attribute to cons to incompetence. He thinks, Well, that's smart, but also malice is real. So you have to look at both.


And you can't be biased in one side or another. Well, I think that's why we make a good balance. Yeah. Because I'm like, yo, it's A conspiracy. Well, I don't think everything's a conspiracy because I know that some conspiracies that I've personally been accused of being involved in are aren't real. So I'm like, okay, so people are just suspicious. I think there's a lot of suspicion, and also rightly so, right? Because there's A lot of, Lot of conspiracies are 100% real. By the way, I can probably think of three episodes that you, And, I have done where we talked about how Biden was too old. And we got called conspiracy theorists for saying that. Dude, I had a TA text message from a friend who was saying, don't you know that Biden has a stutter? I go, when did he get this stutter?


Because if you go and listen to him when he was running for president in 1988, he sp spoke smooth. Yeah. Smooth as silk. We could Check this out. This person says they recreated the phone call using ai. And it's, I it's apparently, it sounds a lot like it. If you wanna see Okay. Nomination, and then go on to when they went. And I've been honored And I. That's not him. That's somebody else's voice. Mm. All right. So nevermind. That wasn't Joe Biden. Okay. I mean, maybe they're trying to prove a point. Yeah. But either way, we know for sure that AI is real. AI can make you say basically anything they want to say, we've done it with me.


Oh yeah. you know, who does it all the time? Duncan. Duncan will have like Tony Hinchcliffe apologizing for things that he never did and admitting that he's de Rainey Street assassin. And. I love Duncan. Dunk is the best. I love it. I love his standup too. I love it. It's just like, I love his long, like, I wanna be in his brain. I wanna crawl into In brain. Nobody's that you can't get in there. I wanna crawl into his brain and look around You. You get a contact high just smell of his brain. But he, he did a thing with Johnny Pemberton where Johnny Pemberton pretended to be like a CIA undercover agent or something like that. They changed his voice, they changed his appearance, they changed everything Wow. In video, in real time. Oh, I'm sure. So he taught, so it's, you know, what Johnny looks like, says Johnny Pemberton.


He looks like a 12-year-old kid and he looks like a completely different person. He's saying absolutely ridiculous shit. And it sounds like this other person's voice. And this is all like, you could be, you know, Morgan Freeman. Yeah. You could start talking and they could have ai take your voice, convert it to Morgan Freeman's voice, take your image, take every expression you make, opening your mouth every smile you make, and convert it to Morgan Freeman doing the exact same things. This Is why there's no pictures of my kid on the internet. Yeah. Like there was this creepy video going around and they took all these pictures of this 9-year-old and it was like in Norway somewhere. And they grew her up, had her talking, had her, and because her parents had posted all this stuff and she was like asking for them to come.


Right. It, I, my most judgy mom opinion, And I don't have many, is like, we know too much to be doing to put our kids online. Yeah. Like, before they're able to like whatever. No, it's crazy. Works there because it, It, it's not their you're it's, it's not, they can't understand what you're doing First of all, or, But with ai Yeah. Like, you can't know how there's, Even without ai, The shit They do in Japan, they're having like a huge problem with like, turning these images people are putting of their kids into child porn. Of course. It's Like a huge fucking problem. Of course they're doing that with everybody, I guarantee with every fucking human being that is out there on Facebook and Instagram, Twitter.


Yeah. Yeah. Someone's turned you into a porno film. Yeah. I don't know. I'm just, I It's crazy. I it scares me. It's crazy. I mean they, that was a big problem with celebrities, right? They were taking celebrities and face swapping them Yeah. And, and turning 'em into porn stars. Yeah. And there's no I mean, there was like a whole thing in Beverly Hills about all these, there were, these teenagers were doing it to each other as like, you know, they were all just being mean teens. Yeah. And it's crazy. It don don't know how you even there and there aren't laws against it, which there should be. but I don't even know how you litigate it. It's Well, they would have to get ahead of it And they can't. It's too late. No, they Can't. All the technology's out there and then there's also not enough people that understand it that are in the government. And it's like whack-a-mole.


Like you just, you get rid of one and it pops up 10 other places. Right. And how are you gonna get rid of the ones that are in other countries? Yeah. You're not Going to No, it's, you're not going to. It's not. He sees a fucking VPN log into that other country. Yeah. Download it. No, it's bad. It's wild. No, it's wild. My And it's only gonna get wilder. Yeah. This is like, I mean. Elon talks about this all the time. Like how it's just the dawn of this. Yeah. This is the Don Did you see his video yesterday about the, with Jordan? Which One? Where he was talking about what happened to his kid and how I mean Elon. Elon. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I did see that. Yeah. It was emotional. It's Horrible.


I, yeah, I think a lot of people have become kind of I mean, for lack of a better word, red pilled by that kind of stuff. And they should be. Yeah. The new California thing. Oh, didn't you explain to people what it is I mean? It's so, it's so nuts. You hear it and you go like, there's no way they did this. There's no way they, there took away power from the parents. Yeah. But there's no, no way. They don't inform the parents That I mean that had kind of been going on. But now they've, they've just put it into law that you essentially don't have to, you know, the, the people who would fight against it would say, oh, they're outing these kids to their parents. But basically a kid can go in and call themself Jack if they're Jill and at home.


And the school doesn't have to tell the parents that they're identifying as a boy that they're, they're doing, that they're dressing, that they're being called by a completely different name. There's no requirement. It's just so crazy to me. And I'm sure Scott Wiener's behind this because he's behind every creepy ass bill in that state. It is crazy to me that you are telling adults to keep secrets about the kids from the parents. Like that's generally something That's a huge red flag. It's a huge red flag. And you're, you're also, you have activists who are teachers. That's a fact. Yeah. That's a fact. A lot of the teachers are teachers specifically because they want to be able to influence young kids.


That's a fact. Yeah. And some of 'em are really good teachers, and they have this idea that I'm gonna help these kids and influence these kids in a positive way. And some of them are fucking crazy people that are locked into an ideology and they wanna convert these kids into the, that ideology. Yeah. When you have five years old and 6-year-old kids, you shouldn't have fucking pride flags in the school. That's ridiculous. If you have this big pride display in this school and everyone's wearing rainbows, you're, you are incentivizing kids to think that going in one direction or the other is better. You're, you're pushing them. You're, you're influencing them in a weird way. And you might be a fucking crazy person. Well, It's also like Helen Joy said, she had this brilliant clip. She, she was talking about how that there's no way out if you're a parent who's supported this.


Like every time you hear about somebody who's advocating for this, legislating it, legislating, you know, kids being able to get puberty blockers or whatever. It's somebody who has a kid of their own. And she was saying such a brilliant clip. She was basically saying like, you, they're doubling down because it's that, or admit that they've done a horrific thing to their child. Right. Yeah. That's what it is. It's no, it's the same thing with people that got COV and got vaccine injured and didn't want to tell people. Did that happen a lot? A lot. Yeah. Oh, I know people that got vaccine injured. Look, Chris Cuomo. Oh, Right. Chris Cuomo Got got vaccine injured and didn't talk about it until CNN fired him.


you know? And he was like, guess what? I'm one of you. you know? He's like, Pfizer's not paying for my checks anymore. Yeah. The whole thing is just a, again, a normal pattern of human behavior and thinking. And this, this whole queer trans two a BIT plus thing, it's, it's all attached to an ideology. And the crazy thing for a lot of gay people is they are looking at this trans thing. A lot of gay people that I talked to, they think it's homophobic. They think Oh yeah. They think a lot of these guys who think that they're girls will eventually just be gay men. Yeah. And that a lot of them go through it during puberty. And when you are telling them that they really are gonna live their authentic self, and you're saying things like this, these pray the Gay way, These a, it is a very similar thing.


It's the same thing that is The same thing. Right. It's conversion therapy. Right. I mean there, I did a whole piece how Pride lost the public, and it was, I interviewed like Douglas Murray, all these brilliant. I wish I could have just posted every interview I did with all these individuals because they're all so brilliant. But it was, they're all, these guys have all been sound and women have all been sounding the alarm. Yeah. And lesbians are really getting erased. you know, you go on a lesbian app and it's like, I joked on dumpster fire in like 2019 that we're on our way to like, suck my dick bigot. And now we're he like, we've been there for years. Yeah. I mean it's a lot of men who identify as being a woman who say they're a lesbian. Yeah. Which is crazy. They're not even, but my lesbian friends are like, they're not even identifying.


They're just straight up men on the lesbian app saying like, I'm I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. Yeah. Yeah. They're not even trying to look like A woman and you on a date with them and they just have lipstick on Hi. Like, what? I like girls, I'm a girl. Yeah. They're What you trying to say? Are you fucking bigot? I'll fuck you in your ass. Like, wait, what are you saying? It's not good. It's So nuts. And it's also like these, some of these people who identify as women, they think that because they're a woman, it's okay to punch other women. And I've seen a lot of that. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I've seen a lot of that. Yeah. Yep. Like trans women getting in fistfights with biological women.


They're like, what is going on here? This is so crazy. It's, it, it's, I think it's lost a lot of support though, don't you think? Do you feel like it has or no? Yeah. It's lost a giant chunk, but there's still a lot of really confused people that don't know what's going on. They read mainstream newspapers and rarely they work in a bubble. Generally it's like a liberal bubble. They work in a bubble that's also influenced by DEI. It's also also influenced by, you know, the culture of the workforce in general. And then these people, they don't hear everything. They don't get all the data.


They don't have time to research these things. Yeah. So it takes them a lot longer to catch on that. What a lot of this is, is mentally ill people that are trying to infiltrate into women's spaces. Yeah. That's a, that's a lot of it. Yeah. So there's, you have People that are, the Kids are like legitimate gender dysphoria Yeah. That really wanna be identifying as a woman. And then you have creeps. Yeah. And to not identify the creeps and to pretend the creeps don't exist. You're not fucking helping anybody By the way, you should be protecting these women in prisons. You should, it's like rape shelters. Yeah. And women's shelters. You just have these guys who are like to think that someone who's a predator and has committed crimes wouldn't try and manipulate the system.


Yeah. It's like a, I don't understand that willful night after We get off there, I'll tell you my bit about it. 'cause it's so stupid. The whole thing is so nuts. It's just so nuts that it's so pervasive that it's actually made its way into prisons. Well, it made its way into, remember the Supreme Court lady when they asked her Kaji Brown Jackson Oh yeah. And couldn't answer like what a woman is. Yeah. Yeah. That, but all of these people should be on record when you, when the problem that we're having is that people need to push anyone who's saying, oh, this is just gender affirming care. So what exactly is that? I want you on record explaining what that is. Yeah. And so you, you're okay with giving kids puberty blockers so that they may not be able to have children or orgasms or X amount of thing.


Have you had any de the mo I've talked to a lot of people in the past, however many years that I've done my podcast. And the ones that sat with me the most and the most upsetting are all the deran, the like kid detransposition I've had on the podcast. They're, those interviews are so hard and upsetting and it is fucking criminal that there's even more than like 10 and they're churning them out. Yeah. And there's the number of gender affirmation care clinics that exist in this country. But By the way, Europe is like pushing back against it. Yeah. And we're not, and a lot of it is because Europe does have the, you know, like universal socialized medicine.


Yeah. Yeah. So they actually have to follow science because otherwise they're all paying for it. Exactly. Yeah. And here it's just like a, we're captured money grab, like to start, Well you, and not, not just that, but what you alluded to earlier, that you will have to take all those people that had done this, now they're in trouble. Yeah. Like now people can get sued, the lawsuits can file Up. I don't, they get sued. Well, that's the only literally in this country that feeds off of money. It's the only way that's gonna stop it. Yeah. Listen, you have to recognize folks that this is a country that did lobotomies. Yeah. Until what, 1965 or something like that. Something crazy like that. When did they start? I don't I don know.


It might've been like 68. I think it was 1968. Google, Jamie. When did they end lobotomies? They did. Who knows how many thousands of lobotomies. Well, that's like all the women who got put in mental wards for hysteria. 67. 67. Yeah. That's not that long ago. That's not that long Ago. No. No. So they, it had to end with the death of the person that was performed on That was it. They're like, enough, don't scramble brains. Like, listen, we fucked up one person. We made a few really cool people. Walter Jackson Freeman ii. What? That's the guy that did it. What portal of hell does that guy find himself in today?


He, when did he die? He died in 72. How did he die? So it was his idea. So he died shortly after it was made illegal. He fucking missed it. He missed prosecution. The, the idea that he, that's he performed 3,500 Lobotomy. Oh God. He scrambled the brains of 3,500 people and 490 of them died as a result of the treatment. Do they still do electro shock therapy? Yep. Yep, yep. 490 people died and the rest of 'em just got turned nuts into Vegetables. That's kind of nuts too. So 310 just got turned into fucking squash. Oh my God. So crazy. How many people were lobotomized in the fifties?


Almost 20,000. Oh my God. Performing in the United States and proportionately more in the United Kingdom. A large number of patients were gay men. Oh. Oh my God. They scrambled their brain to get the gay out of there. That's worse than pray the gay away. Yeah. Scramble the gay away. Jesus Christ Scalpel the gay away. Jesus Christ. Yikes. Oh man. Oh, Andy stayed awake during it. Oh my God. Ooh. What was that movie? Pie where he gives himself a lobotomy or whatever at the Oh my God. Spoiler alert. Spoil alert. Did you ever see that Po Pie? No, I didn't. That movie. He gave himself a, I Feel like at the end of that movie, I don't wanna spoil it anyone.


I might have just spoiled it. Yeah. I'm thinking of some guy that invented something insane somewhere in the uk and eventually he was tried for being gay. God, I wish I could remember what it was. It's like on the tip in the back of my brain. I'm like that guy. Remember that guy? Remember that story? Some guy that's like incredible, Alan Turing. That's it. During test. Alan Turing. Oh, That's it. Alan Ter. That's the robot thing. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. So put up, Has Lex passed that yet? No. Lex is a robot. Pull that up. Pull that up. Like what happened to him? Okay, so here it is. There are a number of high profile arrests and trials including that of scientist, mathematician, and wartime code breaker.


Alan Turing convicted in 1952 of gross indecency. He accepted treatment with female hormones, chemical castration as an alternative to prison. Turing committed suicide in 54. What? Oh my God. How crazy. Again, not that long ago. Not that long ago. Not That long ago. And that sounds today insane. Yeah. And guess what you fucks, that's what's gonna sound like 50 years from now when people start talking about what you did to kids. Yeah. No. And they're is crazy growing up. Yep. Homosexuality remained illegal until 1967 in England and Wales and until 1980 in Scotland.


Holy shit. Scotland. When 1866 marriage was defined as between a man and a woman preventing future. Same-sex marriages. So they put a law in the books in 1866 and Scotland over a hundred years later. What about It here though? When did it become That's a good question. Well, I remember in 2013 In the United States. Yeah. UK Type 2013 Democrats were saying that it should be between a man and a woman. That's what marriage is. Marriage. But it was illegal in the States, wasn't it? Yeah. Yeah. But imagine that. Imagine Democrats saying, yeah, no, the marriage should be between a man and woman. 2003. Yeah, that's the I mean, I guess.


Wow. Saying Okay. We were late, late behind Scotland. Sorry, Scotland. Sorry for giving your hard time. You guys were so far ahead of us In 2000. I was, I was feeling like we were, we were pretty behind on what happened? Didn't That night? 2003. I was on Fear factor 2000. Okay. 2003, gay rights proponents had another bit of happy news in US. Supreme Court in Lawrence v Texas struck down the states anti sodomy law. Oh, okay. So it wasn't like illegal to be gay. It was illegal to do gay stuff. Well, I mean same thing. No, not I mean, isn't It? You have to do the Ben Shapiro method. You can be gay. They don punch the butt. You just don't do it. You can't be gay. Oh my God.


Yeah. But so it's was never illegal to be gay in the United States. Of course it was. It had to have been. Yeah. Absolutely illegal. But no, just joking aside, sodomy laws are, that makes it being gay illegal. Aren't there Still? There's still some on the books. There's still like weird sodomy, profanity laws that are on the books and probably some Massachusetts and Shit. Probably. No, it wouldn't be Massachusetts. No. They have weird stuff on the books. Like, I remember reading about this, I don't know if they still have it, but it was like you could, the reason you couldn't have sororities in certain places is 'cause like they get lesbians. Seven. No, it was considered like a, a coven. Like too many women living in a house yet. Bunch of witches. They're smart. They probably want to track their menstrual cycles.


It's fucking dirty Witches. Oh. So I, this podcast I was listening to, she was saying that, I've never known this, I've always wondered but her, I guess she's some like neuroscientist woman, And I, can't remember her name right now. She was saying that it's because men would have to impregnate as many people as they could because if they went out and hunted, sometimes they wouldn't even come back. They'd go like, find another similar tribe and just stay with them. Jesus. And so they had to to, in order to like keep up the, you know, population, they had to make sure that they could impregnate as many women at at the same time. And that's why Women's Cycles sank up. Hmm. I always thought it was just like people being competitive.


Like one woman was like, if I'm gonna bleed, you're all gonna fucking bleed. It's all interesting theories because you know so many of the things that people did back in the day where based on this fact that human beings didn't live very long. Right. And that infant mortality was really high. you know, like they had a lot of maybe Elon fertility rituals that they would do back then. Yeah. Yeah. I think my name is the Irish goddess of fertility, which explains how I got pregnant in 43. You want a fund law for Texas? Yes. Prohibited possession of more than six dildos is prohibited. Yeah, you're greedy. It's the obscene device. All, you don't even have six calls.


You greedy. Fuck obscene device laws declares it a crime to possess six or more obscene devices or identical or similar obscene articles. So you can have like six butt fuck magazines. But I think you can still get married as cousins in certain states too. That that's 20, Hold on, go back. Look at at this, these infernal devices include dildos. So in Texas you can legally own more guns. Wait site is this, This is an article on mental floss and it's like top 10 weird sex laws that are still in place. Oh, lemme Finish the sentence. So in Texas you can legally own more guns and display them in public. Then you can sex toys as some dildo. Wielding campaigners pointed out. I, I can't don't wanna know what that dildo Widing.


You can't get married in Nebraska if your partner is a sexually transmitted disease. Can't. What? If you got the herps, you get the Herps. That's a wrap. You can't cohabitate in North Carolina. You Can't with a person. Hold on a person with, with a partner. If the couple is unmarried. What? Yeah, it's illegal to live with a partner if the couple's unmarried. So you can't live in North Carolina with a boyfriend or a girlfriend. For real. You can't have sex with them in six states. Six Which states? Utah, Idaho, Illinois, Massachusetts, Mississippi and South Carolina. Hilarious. In, in South Carolina. A false promise of marriage can land you in jail.


This is like, this is how I hear this Still in fornication laws with basically decree all forms of non-marital sex illegal. But these laws are rarely enforced. Right. but I love, fucking get rid of 'em. Why? You got laws on whether or not people could jerk each other off. Don't Flint, your booby pillows in Kern County, California. Ooh, what's up in Kern County? It's indecent. Oh, booby pillows. Booby pillows. A thousand feet of a highway. What does that mean? Flashing your titties on the side of the road? Like I think literal like tit pillow. like a boob pillow. like a pillow. Like boobs. It looks like a boob. Boob pillows. I guess they're just boobs. Guess It might've been a thing at some point. Public articles. I think they're boobs. Hold on. Public sale of articles depicting female breasts. No, it is a boob pillow. Oh, Boob pillow.


I was thinking There's like a dumb sale Of stuffed objects. Stuffed objects as booby pillows. I've Seen booty pillows. So you can't, so those are illegal. And so they, the problem is passerbys, You can't talk about polygamy in Mississippi. Can't. You can't sell them by the side of the road. That's what the law is. What the fuck were booby pillows for? Object. I've never heard of 'em until 13 seconds ago. Is it Just a, I don't know. I mean, I guess it's just stupid. It's just, Ooh, got some tits. Like guys have rubber nuts hanging from their fucking trail hitch. It's also just north of LA Apparently. Hey, is it legal to have rubber nuts hanging from your trail hitch? Is that legal in Texas? Let's find out That. Don't even count as a dildo.


That's just yours. Are you wanna have those big things in Texas on the side of your wheels that like come out? Have you seen these? Oh, I don't know if you're allowed to. They're everywhere. Yeah. Yeah. I found out about those. Those are crazy. Find Paul Wall has those on his Cadillac. They're cra I saw a car with them. I'm like, what the fuck? Yeah. That doesn't seem like it's aerodynamic. It's not good for your neighbors either. I saw them on a truck. Well, you definitely could scratch someone next to You. Yeah. Or pop their tires 100%. Yeah. Yeah. That seems like some Texas shit. I've been here. It's ridiculous. I've been here now. Have we talked since? I've been, I've been here since almost a year. like a little over a Year.


I don't think you've been on the podcast in the last year. Oh, I think it's been since you moved here. Oh Yeah. I think you were California dwelling back then. Oh, Planning your escape. Oh yeah. This is I don it. if I remember correctly. I love it. It's great out here. Yeah, I love it. It's better. but I also love, like all the friends I have and the friends that are here and everybody's coming here and making friends out in the burbs. Like People are moving out though. They said that in 20 20, 23 more people for the first time left Austin than moved here. That's good. The rents will go down and stuff. They Won't go down. No. They're going down. It's a Doom spiral. No, No, no. They did. They did. They passed a housing thing and they're actually going down. They passed a bill To like open up for building more housing and the rents are going down in Austin.


Every time you hear about people getting, A lot of my friends have gotten rent like deductions in the past year. Really? And a lot of people are leaving. I had two people in my little basic bitch suburb. They were like on in the Facebook community, which I love. Just, I love it. It's like the drama. I love just watching it. They were like, we're getting the fuck outta here. I'm going back to California. And I was like, where are you going? Thinking They're like, it's too hot. And they're like, Sacramento. I'm like, what's like Sacramento? I thought it'd be like the beach or something. But how different is Sacramento from It's pretty hot, but it's a dry heat. It's a different kind of heat. No, it is. And people don don't know. A lot of Californians came here and are leaving Just 'cause the heat.


Yeah. Hilarious. I know pussies. I know. It's nothing. It's really not that bad. My husband loves it. We're out there. We, we are fr become, became really good friends with the side surfs, you know, people to meet the cakes. Yeah, the cake people. And they're, they're like our, they're our good homies and we celebrate. We're just, we like our living such a, it's such a like weirdly per American life. Like we go to the, we go have like barbecues and it's fun. you know, our kids play like, it's, it's so I'm not looking over my shoulder for like crazy people every second. That's a real reason why people move to the suburbs. No, the suburbs are great. Yeah. Like when you have kids, Especially if you want quiet.


Want quiet. Oh, they're so quiet out there. That's what you want. Yeah. Like you, you're better off with a little bit of quiet And you can see the stars. Yeah. Like my, my daughter's just like obsessed with space because she's like, that is that sa She knows all the planet. She's just like, she's thriving. Which is all I can ask for as a parent. Eventually I'm gonna live about an hour outside of Austin. Yeah, me too. but I can't One hour out and then drive in for shows and that's it. Yeah. I can't, I can't yet. I mean this was ba we got, because my husband was like, let's go further. And I was like, that will be prohibitive to everything I wanna do. And so we had to kind of split the difference. He would, he would be further out. There's Pretty good spots to live out here though. It's good.


you know, you can live a half hour outside and still be cool. Like where red band lives. It's real quiet. That's I'm out by them. Yeah, it's Great. Yeah, it's great. Yeah. It's beautiful out there too. Yeah. And there's lots of great restaurants. It's like, yeah. It's a nice place to live. And it's also like a really amazing place to do comedy now. I mean. Oh, The scene is, so, It's the first time in our lifetime where a scene has emerged. You know, I wonder why so weird. Crazy. Who's behind that? No, it's, it is actually doing it and like being around all the young hungry, like it's, I've fallen in love with it in a way that I did when I first started it. you know? It's just seeing how, and it's also just so diverse.


Actually ideologically diverse. Austin is a weird place. You just don't, with all of the, like your audiences, they're all tourists. And then the local audiences, you never really know. It's not like when I was in LA I kind of knew what I was dealing with. Or if you were outside of, you know, in Valencia, you knew also what you were dealing with. Here you're like, it's a smatter. It's truly like a purple kind of town. Yeah. It's an interesting place. Yeah. It's exciting. It's just way better than California. Where we were living. We're living also in a place that was captured by the entertainment industry and that you realize like that has a toxic radioactive glow. Mm. That affects everything. It touches.


It Does. Whether you think you're in the music business or you think you're in the entertainment business or you, I'm not a, I'm not a performer. I'm not trying to get famous. You're everyone's affected by what you're trying to accomplish. Yeah. All the people on the outside that work in other supportive industries, like that place is defined by the, the main goal of people that move there is to somehow or another make it Right. Right here. It feels very art devoted. you know, it has that Austin kind of like keep it weird and the people seem very, that's the other thing I've noticed. Everyone's very supportive. It's not So like cutthroat. And it felt, I don't know, it doesn't feel Well comedy's like that now. you know, comedy's like, it's not like it used to be.


It used to be very cutthroat even. But we realized somewhere along the, the line that we became we're assets. We're not like competitors. And the competitors are good. The people that are like rising up, they, they give you inspirations to do better. Oh right. It's all good for you. But there's like room, that's the thing that feels like you go to all these different shows. you know, homeless Pimp, he's doing, he's doing a whole documentary on the scene. It's really cool. He's like going out to open mics with like young people who moved here. People who have been in 20 years who are moving here. It's really cool. Yeah. Well a lot of people that like weren't getting the attention that they deserve somewhere else came here and now they're thriving. Like Brian Holtzman, perfect example. Brian Holtzman was just not getting the love he deserved and now he's got sold out shows.


Yeah. And people come to see him 'cause he's crazy. It's like what they wanna see and there's a lot of, Tyler Fisher is another one. It's like these guys weren't getting any attention where they were. And they're really good. you know? And there's more of those. There's a lot more out. Medsker Medgar's another one. Medsker. Yeah's. Why? I'm like, he's here now. We need land out here. Medsker moved here. Oh yes. Yeah. He is here now. No, He told me when I saw him. We went out to dinner when they were in town. And. I. He said that they were thinking about it. He's here now. Oh, nice. Yeah. I'm so happy. Kim's here now too. Nice. Yeah. She just did a show kill Tony last night. Oh yeah. Yeah. They Announced it. Yep. And she's the newest Austin resident. Yep. Yeah. Kim has a real chance. She has a real chance.


Kim went up in front of me in, she's from Orlando. And. I was doing a gig in Orlando and she's gonna be there visiting her family. She asked to do a set. I'm like, yeah, for sure. I'm like, And I. I was sat and watched She fucking murdered I. mean murdered. I would've thought she was gonna be way further ahead. Yeah. In her career. you know, I think it was like eight years ago, like eight years later. But sometimes people, they just, they just, they're not quite focused the right way. They don't, nothing kind of catches. And she moved to New York for a while and, but now she's out here. Yeah. She's got a real chance. Yeah. She's, I love her. We were just in the green room together. Like, She's very Funny. Dying laughing. Very funny. Yep. I'm excited. It's just like, it feels, when I first moved to LA and was in the scene and it was, I had Troy Conrad on my podcast and we were talking about when we were like, when it was like Tuesday nights and Roast Battle was starting and kill.


Tony was starting and you were back and it was like this electric time at the comedy store and he was saying, you know, you were aware. Like this is special. You're catch capturing something special. Yeah. And I feel that way about now too. Yeah. There's just something special, you know, happening in, in Austin with comedy and seeing it feels, that was the thing about LA I am like, I feel like I'm driving around a city on hospice. It just feels like a city that's like not doing well. And here it's too big. It's vibrant. Yeah. And there's growth and there's all kinds of different scenes and there's tech and there's like, it's Just live music. A lot Of live music life. So much live music. It feels very vibrant and alive.


Well it's, a lot of it is because people were just fed up with California and they moved out here and they all came together and it's all these similarly minded people that wanted to be free to do the fun thing and then really also extra appreciated it now that it was taken away from them for a while and then now they have the best place to do it ever. Yeah. And it feels very, it's probably more libertarian than anything else. Yeah. you Know, it's, it's more libertarian. There's very few conservatives in comedy and even the liberals, they're not, if you wanna be good, like you can't, you can't be, you can't be like full leftist. No, you can't do it. It's so you're handcuffing yourself. It's like running with weights on like, what are you doing? What are you trying to do?


You try, like you can talk about stuff that you believe in on podcasts. Yeah. Right. But you're doing a specific art form. Standup comedy is a very specific art form and the goal is to make people laugh. Yeah. They're there for comedy. Yeah. It's not standup proselytizing. Yeah. It's, you know, it's not, it's not standup virtue Clater. I did a joke about Andrew Tate once And I got like Clater And I was like, I'm never doing that joke about like, that joke's done. Yeah. It's funny. don Don't want, I don't ever want Clater. Oh God. Some people love it. They just lean towards it and like their punchlines are like spaced out for Clater. Like blah blah. Yeah. But that's like your, you're evangelizing.


Yeah. They're just not good. That's all it is. They're just not good at comedy. I Don't wanna evangelize. I don't want, but They're only evangelizing 'cause they're not good at comedy. Right. They're not evangelizing. 'cause they have the really unique perspective that like, that people listen to like Bill Hicks or something. You go, wow. Oh my God, I never thought about it that way. Hmm. No, it's clunky dog shit idea from a lazy person that's not good at comedy. And the reason why you suck at this whole virtue signaling things, the same reason why you suck at comedy. Like you don't have unique thoughts. You haven't examined your mind enough. You haven't really tried to figure out what's actually funny versus what you want the audience to think of you. My good. Which is a lot of what people are doing. Yeah. My good faith interpretation, I guess would be that they're believers.


Like they're actually believers in their ideology or whatever and they don't really realize they're proselytizing. They think that they're, they're making jokes about Sort Of informative. Right. But you have to always like go to a Ted Talk run that you gotta to always run that through this filter. And the filter is, if you're not good at comedy and you don't have a career in comedy and you're struggling in comedy, you're trying to get better at comedy, you are constantly trying to get positive reactions from the audience. And if you can't get positive reactions through humor, you will get it through saying something that you think everybody believes in. Right, Right. I see. So it's a trick. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's Just a shitty Trick. It's like a shortcut.


It's A shitty trick that works. Yeah. Yeah. It's like wearing lipstick and shit in the women's room. It's a shitty trick that works. It doesn't mean that everybody doesn't know what the fuck is going on. you know. So there's one, like, there's also kind of a just goofy alt scene that I love and there's Ryer cameraman. She works, I think she works at mothership, but I've seen her at C Creek in the cave. She has a Thursday night and she does this bit. I am obsessed with it about how she's like a deer. It is, Don't give away the bit. I'm Not gonna give it away. Okay. It's so you. No one could do this bit. It's only her. But she is like, she's so original, so adorable.


That's great. I'm like, we must protect her at all costs. She's just, I I, every time she gets up and the audience never knows what, 'cause they just don't know like what to do all the time with her, which is the, I'll be in the back just dying laughing. And the audience is like, what is happening right now? But she is I mean. She's so special. She's so special. That's Awesome. Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of different kind of comedy. Comedy that's I love. It's, yeah. It's, it's a real meritocracy. you know, and one of the things that Adam, when Adam came over, I love Adam from the comedy store. He was dealing with a lot of pressure. People were saying, why don't you have X amount of blank on the lineup? X amount of women, X amount of gay people, X amount of trance.


People were really giving him a hard time about everything. Right. And they were, he was worried that he was gonna get in trouble. Like people were gonna attack him and write articles about him. And you know, he, when he came here specifically, I said, dude, everybody's welcome, but they have to be funny. Yeah. It's really that simple. Yeah. It's a complete meritocracy. Yeah. We're not gonna say, let's get more women. No. We're gonna give all the women that want a chance to go on open mic nights. Yep. Yeah. Everybody has a chance. Yep. Like you, you go up, you, if you get better, you get asked to do showcase shows. Yep. There's a whole, there's a real genuine system. Yep. And having a genuine talent coordinator like Adam, who really watches, he sits down on the bed. He was there last night. Oh, he watches, he was there last night watching sets. I know.


He watches people progress, he watches the door people progress, he watches all the new people coming in from outta Town. He gives you like great feedback when you get off. Yes. Yes. He'll be like, I love that premise. Like, it's so helpful. Yes. you know, this is someone who watches this shit All day Long. Someone who's best friends at Norm McDonald. Yeah. Like, he really understands comedy. Oh yeah. He, and also he's hilarious when I sit there, back there with him. Oh, he's very funny. He'll make these comments that are funnier than anything that like people are saying on stage. Yeah. Very funny. He can hang, but the point is like, he really ca cares about his job and his job is free of all the mandates. Yeah. All he has to do is find funny people. Yeah. And look at what happens when you do that. The lineup is so diverse. Yeah. If you look at all the different people on like showcase nights and different people, like you're gonna see every type of gay, straight, black, white, Asian, tall, short, fat, skinny, everything, whatever the fuck from different parts of the world.


All you have to do is be good at this thing we're all trying to do. And we don't care. You're, you're one of the family no matter what you are, as long as you can do this thing we're doing. Yeah. And if you can't do this thing we're doing, like either figure it out or don don't know what to tell you. And there's so much opportunity. There's so many shows now. Yeah. It is crazy. It's like awesome. It's, it's, yeah, it's amazing. There's like Black Rabbit and there. That room is amazing. There's just five rooms cage on one street. Yeah. It's nuts. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. It's beautiful. And people can walk from and do set to set and do. And guys are doing four or five sets a night. Yeah. It's like New York. It is. It is. It's a, it's a unique thing. And it's only just begun. Yeah. I mean it's only existed for a couple years.


Yeah. You have to realize there was a small scene here, there was a few good comics that were here and you know, they just didn't have the same push and they also didn't have the same group of killers. They didn't have Shane Gillis move into town. Duncan Tru here is, he lives there too. Tim Dylan's got a place here. It's like Shane's in and out. Tony's here. Brian Simpson's here. Ron White is here. Yeah. It's like, there's, so Tom Seur is here. Christina. Christina P'S here. There's so many fucking people. I'm trying to talk Burton moving here. Remember trying to lure Whitney to come here. Yeah. Lou Whitney's a tough, tough cookie to crack. I'm trying to, She did do a joke the other day on Instagram though, about how she's like, this is why I am leaving. And it was like a Tesla like purple. Yeah. I saw that. I was like, come I don.


How straight men left. Yeah. She'll come eventually. There's we're, we've got more and more that are coming and it's, there's plenty room for everybody. Yeah. There's a lot of sets. Yep. We do two shows a night in each room. Yep. It's a lot of fun. It's So much fun. Yeah. And the staff at that place is amazing. Yep. I mean. Carrie, I am obsessed with Carrie. She is like a woman so close to my heart. I would go to war for her and all the whole staff is So. like they seem so they're like happy to be there. They're so lovely. They're so cool. I don't know. Yeah. It's like a nice, it's a good vibe. It's not. Yeah. We stole the heart of the comedy store. Stole, we stole all the best people.


We didn't steal 'em though. They were all unemployed. It was really perfect timing. Yeah. It wasn't like we poached them from the comedy store when the comedy store Needed. No. They just needed a job. They needed a job. And the comedy store wasn't gonna be open for another year and a half. Yeah. Like those people all came over here when there was nothing going on. Yeah. And they were all, now they're employed. Yeah. And the way we did it, it was almost like the universe wanted it to happen. Like the universe wanted all these little things to fall into place to motivate people, to get the fuck outta there. All these things that fall into place where all of a sudden you're in this town and there's buildings that are available. There's like all these buildings available. I know, but you, we, I remember so vividly doing your podcast in 2020, I think it was May of 2020 because it was like the, in the height of another crazy cycle, like right now.


And you were like, I have a vision. You, you had a vision as much as like, oh, it all kind of lined up. And like you said on that podcast, I have a vision. You just knew. Yeah. It's, I shouldn't have visions like that. I, I shouldn't even believe in that. Not like a vision. Like I saw God I mean like No, no, no, no, no. I mean, I'm saying like, even like Yeah, I had an idea. Yeah, I had an idea. Yeah. I mean is That, but I probably should have just done it and not told everybody. Told everybody I had a vision. I wonder like how much of that like, 'cause people believe in that, right? They believe in vision boards and manifesting things.


This Was this podcast I was listening to. She's all about this like, like it's the mirror neurons and like you, you put it into the world. But also I think you have to like, you have to get people excited about an idea. So whether it's an idea or a vision or whatever you wanna call it, people need to be, it helps to have people kind of excited. but I don't think you, I think you said that and then just went and did it. Yeah. I don't think you were like on every podcast talking about your vision. No, but here's the other thing I'm saying is like, the number one thing that I've been most successful at, I had zero vision for. That's this. Yeah. Zero vision. When people are like, did you anticipate it was ever gonna be the way it is? Like No, no, no. Never thought about it. Never dreamed, never tried.


Wasn't just kept doing it. That's it. But some of it too is just like consistency and right place, right time. There's a lot of those things. I mean. That's why like, I should believe in fate. I really should. And you don't, don don't. What do you believe in don? Don't know. I'm not sure. I'm not sure if it's, there's like a, I don't know what it is. I don't, I don't think it's as simple as fate. 'cause I don't think it's truly determined. I think there's possibilities and that these possibilities, they open up and your energy and your thoughts sort of synchronize with these possibilities. And that's what excites you. And it expands and then you follow up on your, your instincts and your like, like what's the the correct way to approach this?


And then it, you, you put more energy and more intensity into it and then it all accelerates. And other people sort of join in and you collect like-minded people that also have their thoughts and their energy and they push towards this thing. And when you're doing it right, good things happen. And that's what I think it is. And so I should think it's fate. But I also think it's a man, it's not a mani, manipulation is not the right word. It's a synchronization with your what, whoever you really are, like whatever your real thoughts are, whatever your real intention is, what are you trying to do? I get that. It's like this synchronization with all of it. As much as it is like a, a vision of like, we're gonna, we're gonna have the best comedy club in the world.


Like we didn't really think that. No. We thought we were going to do it. Just open up a club and let's hope it works. Yeah. My goal was like, let's not go broke. Right. Like, I don't wanna lose any money. That's all my goal was. Right. I believe it. But no, it's really like stated like we talk about it. Yeah. Like, I'm not trying to make money. I'm 100% trying to not lose money and that's it. Yeah. And everything else is gravy. And then set it up Right. For the comedians. Yeah. Like the most important thing is to look, if I care about comedy, which I cl clearly do, let's set up the best possible environment for comedy to thrive. Yeah. And it'll be great for everybody. Yeah. I remember like IIII understand that. I feel like so much of it is like getting out of your own way too.


Yeah. When I first started comedy, I would get these opportunities that I would say no to. 'cause I told myself I wasn't ready, I didn't, et cetera, et cetera. And this time I'm like, I am just saying yes. I'm gonna say yes and not get out. Get get outta here and just say yes. Like yes, thank you. And Colin asked me to, Colin Quinn asked me to open for him. And I was like, yes, thank you. And I was terrified. And I was like, I, I have such bad stage fright as it is just ever since I got sober, it's something I deal with. 'cause I used to be drunk all the time. And I didn't know until I got sober. So You get drunk on stage. I would be drunk before I even got up. but I, I got sober and was like, fuck. I have stage fright and it's so bad, Joe.


It's so bad that I'll be like, maybe my dog will die. you know? Like maybe there will be like, when the planes were all getting grounded, I'm like, maybe Colin was stuck in New York. Like, terrified. So you're like trying to avoid the show. And. I have to just put that aside. Put it all aside. I truly just had to like, I got pray, get, turn it over. And it's like, it's not about me. It's about just like getting outta my way. My job is to like, it's, it's to, You're an antenna And it's to just like, these people wanna have fun. Yeah. And, and someone sent me the clip of, because I, they knew my, like, audience knew I was nervous. I didn't announce it or anything, but I did in like my little subscriber community.


And someone sent me a, the clip of you and Sam talking about standup and how you still got nervous. You were saying, I stretch and breathe. And. I was, but Sam said he has that tattoo. This is fun. Yeah. And I was like, I wrote it on my set list. I'm like, it fucking saved me. Like it was like two days before. I'm like, I'm just gonna have fun. Have fun. Yeah. And I had so much fun. Like you can see it on my face in the pictures. I love them. And Troy was there and it was like, had So much fun. But it makes sense to have stage fright if you used to get drunk all the time. It also makes sense to have stage fright if you haven't done a lot of comedy. Yeah. So it was a long time before you did comedy again.


Like how much time did you take off I mean? Four, three years. Three years. It's a long, yeah. It's a long time fucking time, baby. Yep. It's a long Time. Yeah. You know, but then I did, I have been grinding again, just quietly working towards, you know, more and more and more. And, and it's, it's like, it's been 10 months, you know? So it was like, not like I just got back and was like, all right. Yes. If that was the case, I would've said no. you know? Yeah. Right, right. I too, I have too much respect for you and Adam and all of these other comedian, every other comedian that I know to not be Ready.


Yeah. To, to, to know that like, okay, I can probably handle this. Well, you know, even like Chris Rock, like one of the all time greats, he took years off. Yeah. And then when he came back, he had to kind of find his Thing. Yeah. You gotta I mean I'm a different person. Of course. So I also had to write completely all new material. It wasn't like I could just rely on old stuff. It doesn't even connect. Right. I've had a, I've moved, I've, I am a married woman. I'm, I am not, you can't be like back when I was given blow jobs. Yeah. So it's been, and it's very humbling to, it was weird too. I can see why people who do it, take a break, start doing something else, get a name doing something else, and then come back to comedy.


It's like you're, I'm a beginner. I'm, I, I feel like a beginner. Sure. I'm not a beginner. I know what I do wrong. The difference is I know when I'm doing something wrong, I know what I'm doing wrong. Well we used to always see that at the comedy store. We used to always see people like sitcom stars. Yeah. Who would come in and they'd be like, oh, I'm gonna try to start doing comedy again. And you know, they'd get stacked in there against a bunch of assassins. Yeah. And it would be rough. Yeah. Like Kramer Michael Richardson. Yeah. Yeah. He was doing that like after, and then went, went crazy. Felt he went a little crazy, I Think Now. Yeah. I think that had something to do with that. But he was at the comedy store and he, it was weird, you know, 'cause he would go on after like real comics. Yeah. And then he would like be like falling around on stage and it was like improvised.


And it wasn't really, it wasn't, you know, it's not 1978. No. No. And it's like The world's a different place man. Yeah. And just having like, that's the, again, it was just like a ego, like having to put aside like, okay. Like whatever. Yeah. Well also Like, I'll, I'll take three minutes, I'll take five minutes, I'll take, I'll drive however long like that beginner's mind was so necessary. And, and even like opening for killers like Landau, just being able to like ha you know, it's a confidence thing too. You have to just like get hit with that over and over and over again. Like Yeah. You Have to do the numbers. You have to, you have to get back in shape again.


If you haven't ran in five years, you can't run a marathon. Yep. You have to start doing runs around The block. And I love. It's great. That's, it's like been so, yeah. I love it. I didn't, I was, I was like, fuck Yeah. What's a fun time for comedy too? 'cause the world's on fire. Yeah. Well it's great. It's so much Crazy shit. And that's the thing, I ha I did it because it's like, the only time I feel sane, you know, I, that's funny. I mean I feel sane a lot. But when I get on stage and I'm talking, it's like my mind is like zen. Mm. There's just a, a calm, you know, there's, that's interesting. I feel very present in in that like, conversation you're having. It's just don don't know.


There's nothing. Yeah. I think it's just, IFI think I fought it for a long time. Like I just didn't, I was like, don don't have, it's hard. It, it's hard. I don't have what it takes. don don't have the chops. don don't have the ta, all this shit. But it's like, just get it out. It's garbage. It's a hard thing to do. you know, people don't like hard things. They come up with reasons why they don't do hard things. It's funny. Francis Nu, who's a former UFC heavyweight champion, he was talking about people going to school because they're trying to avoid a job. Mm. He, he, the way he said it was like sometimes Yeah. They're just avoiding working. Oh yeah. Until they're, they're staying in school. You're Getting like your pH second PhD. Yeah. That's exactly what it is. Yeah. It's true. And you, you're still doing something but you are avoiding And those are the people that wind up teaching, which is even crazier because they've never really experienced a real world yet.


They're shaping young people to prepare them for the real world. Yeah. Ooh. And they're just that it's gonna be really interesting to see what happens if Trump gets into office. How much gets changed, how much the society shifts. 'cause it does seem like society is shifting away from all the woke stuff and the left wing. And even people that were like former lifelong democrats like Bill Ackman and all these people that are talking about voting for Trump, Elon, all these people that are talking about like this what we have to Yeah. I don know fight against. But then they're gonna realize like they're right wing. They're trying to track your periods. Like Well, And they try to bring Jesus back into the schools. I've learned from being very wrong on this podcast many times and having the entire world tell me about it.


That like, she raised a hundred million dollars in a day. Kamala. Right. There's A How much of it came from Satan? You mean Hillary Clinton? I mean Satan. Satan. Maybe it is Hillary. Satan. Satan. Like how where's that money coming from? A Allegedly a lot of first time donors and Okay. You know, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe people were that dumb. Maybe they never heard her talk. Maybe they don't Care. I mean last time we were Talking think maybe, maybe it's blue no matter who, maybe Last time we were talking, I think it was like there was gonna be a red wave and then I was like, eh, that that one wasn't true. It's Interesting. Well also 'cause I underestimated how much the abortion thing would, would play into it.


Yeah. That plays into it a lot. But it all, it almost feels like that's all engineered to keep us like at each other's throats. Like nothing ever got resolved. Like there's one of the things that they were thinking when they were banning abortions was gay marriage is gonna be next. And some people have openly stated that gay marriage should be next and that that's the thing that They do wanna stop next. And I'm like, This is like, seems fake. Yeah. It seems like if you really care about that, that seems crazy. I think what you care about is consistently keeping people at each other's throats. Right. I, I wrote this like piece that went crazy viral. It was like trending on Twitter for, it was very unexpected about divorce just coming from divorce. And I was like, Hey, divorce sucks.


Just And I. And my point was kind of like, even as an adult with a kid, I didn't realize how much of an effect it has even later in life when you have your own kids. Things like my siblings have had to deal with and people, the reaction was like, and crazy. But then the kind of counter reaction was from the left they were like, and this is when they're coming after divorce laws and they're trying to say that you ba like they're trying to get rid of Nofa divorce and they're ma trying to make it so women need to get approval to get divorced. You saying that they were lumping you? They were saying that I was a I. mean This is like the blueing on stuff where it's like, oh you're just, they were like, you were pay, how much did the evangelicals pay you to write this piece?


I'm like, yes. The evangelicals, years ago I got, my parents got divorced. And I became my deep state plan so that I could write this piece to undermine the divorce laws. That's exactly right. I mean it's like craziness. But the this is But I think a lot of those people aren't even real people. I think a lot of that is bots. Bots. And a lot of that is like s design I mean you have to really consider that when, when Oh def I definitely Do. Which is why I think it's really foolish for people to engage in any sort of disagreements online. I think so much of the conversation is, is pushed in one way or another by people that aren't even real people. Oh Right. Like those bot farms. Yeah. Bot like all the bots. Have you seen them with all the phones?


It's not just that. It's Crazy. That's just they show you that. But you don't think our government's doing that. You're outta your fucking mind. Yeah. If you don't think that they are online posing as progressives, having these complex sites with like AI generated photos of their family. They're they are. Yeah. That's they every government does it and the goal is to divide and conquer. The best way to conquer is to keep us at each other's throats. The best way to keep infringing on our rights is to have you agree with this infringement. 'cause this infringement goes against those people that you oppose, which are the people on the other team. Yeah. And that's the dirty, dirty, dirty trick that people fall for every goddamn time. And that's what leads to the downfall of civilizations. How do we get out of it?


Mushrooms be the only way. don don't know. Maybe aliens land. Maybe Donald Trump takes over and everybody starts doing bong hits out of a fucking, they're gonna break mind Eagle flag thing. What's it called? Freedom Bong or Freedom bong. Yeah. I, I'll vote for whoever stops those fricking wind farms off the coast. That's my, that's my the Wind thing's nuts. They, they should have, they should have gone down the road of nuclear power plants a long fucking time ago. The the thing is, people are afraid of them because of Bul and Three Mile Island. And they're not like that anymore. They're not only are they not like that anymore, it is literally the greenest source of energy that we have. They know how to shut them down. Now. There's ways to avoid it and there's even companies that are investing in making batteries out of the waste.


Did you see all this stuff? Like with Nantucket, the beaches were all closed because one of the turbines fell and then the beach was like getting fiberglass and there's dead whales on Black Island and all up and down the, I'm like, this is a what Are the dead whales from, From the fucking wind from Shellenberger covers all this. He taught, he's been doing a whole documentary. It's because it's fucking with all their, their like so sonar stuff and it gives off this vibration and it isn't equal. Like these are the fucking save the whales people and they're, this is killing the whales and it like, So they're killing the whales with the sounds of the windmill things. Oh it's An ecological disaster. These things. Oh my god, they should not be allowed. They should be shut down. don don't know how they even got through and it's just, it is, They don't even generate that much electricity.


1% that I was watching all the hearings in Nantucket because they never got to vote on it either. This is another one of those things that just like people were like green, green, yeah we need tax cuts. And for our company it's ge And I. Think it was ge. And so they were like this is 1% of it. It generates like 1% extra energy for us. It's nothing. There was a boat that got attacked by a whale today. A boat that got another one flipped over by a whale. An actual whale flipped over a boat. A like a blue whale or an Orca, I don't know know what kind of whale but a big ass whale. A whale whale. Yeah. This whale. Oh what happens? See a whale capsize the boat off the coast of rye New Hampshire Tuesday.


Damn, watch that again. 'cause it is crazy. This is, oh wow. This whale just jumps up and smashes this boat and flips it over and that guy falls in the water and this kid's like, lemme get the fuck outta here. Like I don't know what happened and why the whales are attacking boats. Is That saying Yellowstone's biscuit basin erupts. Excuse me. See the explorer Biscuit basin erupts Type of is Yellowstone fucking blast thing. Oh yeah, that's great. That's next. Yellowstone's gonna blow super volcano. Whales are attacking people. Let's wrap this up. All right Ray, I love you. You're awesome. I love you too. It's great to see you always. I'm glad you're enjoying It here. I love It. Love you and Thank you. Tell everybody your podcast where they can get dumpster fire.


Just Go to fe.com. It's all there. We just took it all H-P-H-E-T-A-S y.com or and subscribe to our YouTube Bridget Fe. That would be the best thing you can do. Best thing you do. Alright, bye everybody. Bye.