
This episode is brought to you by Paleo Valley. Paleo Valley meat sticks are the perfect protein snack made with 100% grass fed beef, pasture age, chicken, pork, and venison, and coming in nine delicious flavors. Paleo Valleys are also naturally fermented with zero preservatives and have a shelf life of one year, even longer if refrigerated. Plus, they're sourced from small, regenerative American family farms with over 35 million sold and a 60 day, 100% money back guarantee. Paleo Valley stands by their quality. Visit Paleo valley.com/rogan and use the promo code Rogan to get 20% off your first order.


If you wanna feel great, have energy and be healthy. It takes a lot, not just working out and eating right, but a lot of different vitamins and minerals and probiotics. And the supplements. Industry does not make it easy, but AG one does, and that's why I've been using it for years. AG One is 14 years of research, innovation, testing, and improvement all in one product with the goal of raising the standard in the supplement category. AG One is a nutritional powerhouse that delivers my daily dose of vitamins, minerals, pre and probiotics, and more. It's powerful, healthy research backed supplement. That has been a game changer for me. And when people ask me what's the one thing I'd recommend to elevate their health, my answer is always a G one. And I'm so glad they sponsored this show. Try a G one and get a free one year supply of Vitamin D three K two, and five Ag one travel packs with your first purchase@drinkagone.com slash jre.


That's drink ag one.com/jre. Check it out. Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan. Experience Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, All day. Okay, I have to announce 'cause Netflix is making me announce this, that I have a Netflix special that's live Saturday night from San Antonio. Oh, so it's gonna be live all over the world. I'm gonna see you tomorrow. Oh, Yay. Oh yeah, we're coming. Yeah. Yeah. It's gonna be a lot of fun. I've seen your set. It's really funny. It's, it's tight now. It's good. It's like, I'm very happy with it. How long has it been since you dropped the special Six years?


We do. Seriously? Yeah. I was ready to do one in August of 2020 when the shit went down. So when the shit went down with the Covid stuff, I was preparing. So that was like March, right? I was preparing to do one in August, and then I didn't do standup for like eight months. And then we started doing standup out here again. And then I started changing a lot of bits and moving stuff around And. I'm like, don, don't wanna do one right now. And I sort of just really enjoyed fucking around and just doing comedy for doing comedy, you know? And then doing it at the club. And when the club opened, it was so much fun. It was just, it's just such a fucking joy to be there all the time.


It's like, I get, I get anxious to get back there. Like, I can't wait. I, I was there opening night. Yeah, And I was there with my protege tray. We're in the green room and I'm very much like, okay, this isn't your house. Like, be respectful of this space, you know? 'cause I'm not a comic. Tim Dylan's there who I'm pal's with, Ron White. Oh my God. Ron White, Tony, you know, the, the crew. And then I hear the voice and Roseanne walks in, Right? And I'm like, yeah. Oh, fucking shit. And I'm like, all right, keep it cool. And I. I hear her say, yeah, when you get to be my age, you either have diarrhea or you're constipated.


So when I was on Tucker Carlson, my son's like, mom, you've never been more personable. I go, yeah, that's 'cause I shit myself. And I'm sitting there, I'm like, okay, here's your opening And I go. You stole that line from the president. And she goes, what? No, who who said Ed? Like her head swiveling around and then I'm talking to her. She didn't know you. Of course she didn't know me. you know, she's a boomer, right? So I'm, I'm, I'm sitting there and the thing is, look, you hang out with like part of your act. You hang out with Elon, you hang out with like these major figures. Yeah. Who do I get? I'm like the Make-A-Wish kid who's got a cold. And they're like, we can get you Dave Smith maybe Lex Friedman. Right? So I'm chatting with her and she's going on about how vi there's a book of Esther, which is a Jewish story from the Old Testaments.


The story of Purim, which I learned when I was in Yeshiva. And she's going on about Vashti's. One of the characters is trans and she's got a dick And I. I, they didn't teach us this in Jewish school, I assure you. She's like, you didn't know Vashti was trans. And I'm sitting there, I'm trying to keep up with her I don. Dunno what the hell she's talking about. She's off the rails. But she's, but the whole time I'm like, holy shit. Roseanne is yelling at me. One of my favorite videos from the store, you can find it on my Instagram, Jamie of Roseanne dancing. She's smoking a cigarette and dancing while the Get It Together Bitch sign. Yeah. Is illuminated in the background. Oh yeah. It's such a fucking great video. I've Been hanging out with her and it's like one of the greatest things that's ever happened To me. Oh, she's such a, such a character.


Yeah. 'cause the thing is, if I make her laugh, it's like the show. Yeah. But if I don't make her laugh and she yells at me, well, Roseanne's yelling at me, which is also a win. She Believes some crazy stuff. But she's open to be like informed. Yes. Like if you tell her that this is actually what's going, she, she doesn't like dig her heels in. Like she, I try to explain to her Contraras Yeah. That they probably do spray things in the air. Sure, it probably does happen. But that's not what you're seeing all the time. What you're seeing all the time is a hot jet engine and counting and encountering condensation. It literally creates clouds. It's a physical effect. You can recreate it over and over and over again. That doesn't mean that people don't spray shit in the sky.


Of course. And it doesn't mean that they haven't experimented with things. 'cause they're already talking to you about experimenting with weather modification like First of all, they have some data and one of the, some data that they have is actually from nine 11 because of the contraras. So the contraras, when they stopped being a thing because they shut the entire air travel system down in the United States. For how long was it? A couple of days, Right? It was a Oh yeah, it was, it was more than that. Don't You think? Yeah, it might have been a week. How long did they Shut there for? It was a lot. It was a while. So what happened was the Earth's temperature actually increased, or the temperature in the United States increased by a measurable amount. Right. So it's very small, but it's measurable. And it's because there's no clouds. So those clouds that those planes Oh create by flying overhead all the time.


Those things are consistently blocking out the sun to the point where it actually changes the temperature of the earth. So one of the things they found out about boat travel, you know, shipping containers, these gigantic ships when NATO imposed, so Two days. Okay. Two days. Yeah. So when they imposed new And, I don't know who it was, nato, whoever it was imposed new environmental restrictions on these giant cargo ships. Once they did that, they found that the surface temperature of the ocean actually increased because they weren't blowing pollution over the ocean. So much so that it creates like a foggy haze that actually measurably blocks the amount of sunlight that goes through it.


So ironically, like in trying to cool the ocean by decreasing our carbon footprint, they actually increase the surface temperature of the ocean. You know, that also gets to the whole thing about how it's not necessarily a bad thing if temperature increases. 'cause there's more life at the equator than at the poles. And it's not necessarily bad if you're going to get things slightly warmer, and maybe it's the speed that's the issue. But they never even take that into consideration. As long as there's any change, it can only be for the worse. Well it's also a business of course. This is where we have to be really careful with this stuff. 'cause I'm very environmentally conscious. I love wilderness and earth and the ocean. I love all these things. There's a bunch of things that we should address as human beings.


The biggest one unfortunately, is that we've decimated all fish life in the ocean. Somewhere in the neighborhood of 94%. Is that what it is? What's the number of 94? I think, I think it's 94% of all big fish are missing from the ocean. What do you mean 90? The differences between the numbers of a hundred years ago. Okay. Versus today it's down 94%. Wait, hold on. What do you mean by big fish? do you mean like whale sharks or do like Tuna? No, no, no. Like tuna fish that we eat. Okay. Yeah. you know, all, all the swordfish, all these different fish that we commercially capture, you know, those things are decimated. Just decimated. Yeah. It's a, a fucking disaster.


And and it's not a lot of these 90%, wow. 90% a larger fish in the ocean are gone. We take through overfishing, unsustainable overfishing. So the real fear is that if we keep going like this for another a hundred years, there's nothing left. And it's very difficult to impose these restrictions on these boats that are in the middle of the ocean that are from other countries. Well The other issue is bycatch, where like you're, you're killing a lot of things that you didn't really want to. Right. Have, have capture. And also you have, if you have, you remove the predators, then the prey exploding population. Like with deer. Yeah. And then everyone's front lawn. And that does a whole cascade effect there. I i that 90% number seems, 'cause how would they have had that data a hundred years ago Though?


Well, fish markets. Yeah. Yeah. Right. So if you talk to anybody who's a sushi chef that's ever been to the famous fish markets in Tokyo, they're so amazing that I was only in Tokyo for two days. It was, I had just flown in. We did the weigh-ins. I was out of it. I was like, God, I should get up at five in the morning and go to the fish market. And, I didn't do it. I'm fucking kicking myself. I I it's supposed to be incredible. I I was just there. Like I came here. Oh really? I came here to yell at you. Oh no. I'm not even kidding. No, no, no. Like, you know the guy who goes to Japan once and it's like, you gotta go to Japan. That's me. I've been to Japan. Unfortunately, I was held very there very briefly. Just for, but that's not going go In Japan. Yeah. It was beautiful though. I loved it. I loved the audience. The audience at the fights were so respectful and they were so knowledgeable.


Like, if someone passed guard, everyone would clap. I was like, wow, this is wild. I, I was really angry at all the misconceptions that I was taught about Japan and Japanese people. Like, I thought that everyone would be like a robot. They were great sense of humor, very friendly. And the thing that they have there that we don't have here is like, everyone really takes pride in what They do. And like, you see it in like just regular stores and things like that. Restaurants like they, they love their country. Do you know who Rabba is? Isn't he a fighter? Yes. Legendary fighter who used to smoke cigarettes and drink constantly. And he beat everybody. He was like one of the greatest of all time. He's an incredible, incredible fighter.


And mostly fought people way bigger than him. Way bigger than him. He fought a lot of absolute killers. And he is like one of the funniest guys, like in all of combat sports, he's always like, got this great sense of humor. He's always joking around with people. There's all these videos of him joking around with fighters. He's a sweetheart of a guy and he's Japanese. Yeah. I went to New Mazu, which is this little port town and it looked like something outta Lovecraft 'cause it's clearly like declining. So you go down the main street all the way to the ocean and everything's, or the sea rather, everything is closed, all boarded up. 'cause that's the world's only deep sea Aquaquarium, And, I. I'm into that very much And. I'm like, all right, we gotta go to N Masu when we're there.


How Do They do it? How's a deep sea aquarium work? How deep does the water get The Well, the thing is the fish are, I guess they're caught with bycatch. 'cause the issue is the pressure. Right? You bring 'em up, their eyes explode. Their stomach explode. Yeah. I don know how they had the things that they had in those tanks. Like the tanks are not pressurized. It's not possible. But they had a lot of insanely cool shit there. So did the fish adapt? Do you think? I I I Maybe these are fish that, but no, some the bad fish are like, don't vertically some fish vertically migrate. Right. Have you ever been to the one that's in the, the Mandalay Bay in Vegas? No, Don don't think I have. It's Fucking incredible. But it's not like this. This is the only one. Oh sure. This is the only one on earth. This is the, the one in Mandalay Bay is sharks. Holy shit. Look at that thing. That's a seal of can. Yeah. That's the one that they thought was extinct.


Right? For what? 65 million years. So it's just an amazing, amazing place. And the thing is right around the corner. How cool is that? It was so cool. What a cool fish that is. That is an old as Fish. Yeah. 'cause It's that fish is from like the beginning of life And they've got lobed fins. There's only, there's only two fish that still have lobed Fins. What Does that mean? You can see how there's like an arm, like the fin doesn't Oh Like, like a It has bones. It stick out. Yeah. The Fin the fin doesn't attach directly to the body. There's like a lobe, so Oh, I see them. And Lungfish are the only ones who have that anymore. The sealth, I think it has bones in there because the, like, you know, there's a lot of these animals. One of the weirdest ones is like, there was an animal that became a whale and it was a land animal. Right. you know about that one. Of course.


It was like a, like a hippo kind of thing. Yeah. Weird fucking looking thing. Yeah. And that thing became a whale and it was a carnivore. Yeah. Well whale's a carnivores. I know. Which is nuts. Right. But they kind of are they they're sweet about it. They only eat the little bitch ass Creatures. Not the sperm whales Creature. What do they eat? Giant squid. Do they? Oh that's Right. They do. And they shoot. So sonic waves and like boil the water. What? Yeah. Sperm whales, Sonic waves. And they boil the water. Really? Like a sperm whale can kill you by just vibrating the like, like there was a diver who was with him and he, they can fuck you up really bad. Wow. Yeah. No shit. Oh yeah, because they're what? They're like what? 80 feet? They're huge. Their entire like bulbous nose is to have this to Yeah. There you go. Whoa.


Acoustic prey debilitation hypothesis or the big, big theory. The theory states that sperm whales can produce ultrasonic noises that are too high in frequency for humans to hear. And that these sounds can create shock waves that could injure prey. However, some studies have not found evidence to support this theory. There was a dive you Show more so we can find out. There was, there was a diver who had it happen. Like this was part of Blue Planet or one of those BBC shows. Well, I mean it kind of makes sense. Yeah. I mean, especially when you look at the size of their mouth and the, the noises they make, SPER whales can Reach up to 200. How cool is that? I have a sperm whale tooth for my shaving brush. And how wild is that?


Did that fucking thing breathe air? And that thing used to be on land and it's like, nah, I'm gonna go hang out here and change Everything. There is that meme about the fish went to the land and you evolve to go back to the sea, but you're not as good as you were before. 'cause you don't have gills then you become a penguin. It's a whole that you can't do it either. It's a whole thing. No, but it's, it's, so the thing I wanna talk about Zo, there was this little sushi place. And I spent 15 minutes looking up this place. 'cause I wanna give the guy a shout out called Rischi. I-R-I-I-C-H-I. It's in Japanese and Google Maps. And it's just a dude and two tables. And he's been there for 30 years. And he goes to the fish market. He marinades the fish. It was one of the best experiences of my life.


But they were having so much fun. The waitress, you know this, it's like him and the waitress. And she goes Ev and she's got her like broken English. She goes every morning he goes to fish market. Serious face. Serious face and picks out the fish. And he was delighted to be like, try my food. Like he puts joy into his work. Yeah. You saw Giro dreams as sushi, Right? Well I put in my phone, I like you better than Giro And I. And he lost it. Well, Giro is probably like the guy now where all the other like sort of incognito sushi places that are legendary. They're like, Hey, what the fuck? I don. I think Giro the thing. Giro seems like it wouldn't be fun.


It feels like you're taking A test in way. 'cause he's so serious, right? Because he's so serious. Yeah. Yeah. I know what you're saying. So this guy was more fun. Yeah. And I. The thing I I found is a lot of these high-end places, you know this better than I do. They're not all stuffy. A lot of times they're, they know how to have a good time. Oh Yeah. Yeah. Do you know Wagyu Mafia? Where's That? No. Okay. Wagyu Mafia is a Tokyo establishment. And they did here a Pop-in, in Austin. Okay. At at Pasta bar. So Pasta bar, do you know Philip Franklin Lee? He's the guy that owned sushi. He, he started here with Sushi Bar and then he became, he branched out into his own thing, which is Sushi by Scratch. And he also does this other thing in town called Pasta Bar.


And at Pasta Bar, they brought in this Wagyu Mafia guy and they like put on a fucking show. Like this is, but It's fun with, with the smiling, right? Yeah. Everyone's having a good time. Oh my God. It was so fun. It was so silly. Yeah. Yeah. Everything was silly. They feed you sometimes and it's like, it's like they blow gold dust over the air. It's not stuffy at all. So he's like the complete opposite of Jro dreams and sushi, but insane experience. But Giro is not what Japan, I thought Japan was gonna be like Jira. And. I wasn't And. I real. He's making swords. Like if I don't like the food, he just stabs some stuff in the stomach. No, But like, dudes like fucking hammering out swords. That's what I think about. you know, you think about like the craftsmanship and the seriousness and the, but Did, there's So like the economics of the place.


I don't understand. 'cause they have these big like built like office buildings. like a, like, like in Harold Square in New York, and it'll be like 13 floors and each floor has like six rooms. And you can take an elevator and it's a guy, no Windows. Two tables and a bar. And. I grew up on like, role playing games. It's like the guy in the armor shop. Like he's always there. Like, I don't know what his life is, but he takes pride in his cocktails. There's just room for five people. don don't know how he stays in business, but there's hundreds of them. Wow. It's the, it's, and it's, so everyone's the thing that angered me as a former New Yorker. You're out at night, everyone's out in the streets. Everyone's plastered. Everyone's having fun. And it's perfectly safe.


So when you look at New York and San Fran and la this is, this is completely on purpose. Like it does not have to be this way. It was such a great time. Is it on purpose or is it neglect that no one steps in to correct. If you're arresting someone 30 times and putting 'em back on the street street, like that's on purpose. Right? But that's the officer that's doing that. And this, No, it's not the officer, The prosecutor's, the police department and the prosecutor and the district attorney. But then there's the politicians that are like in control of these, these areas. And then there's a tone that these areas have that's being controlled by the district attorney. Yes. By how they prosecute things. Yes. And all this is all, all very, very political.


Yes. So that part of the part, that's the part that may looks like, it looks like you guys want It to be like that. Yes. Exactly. 'cause you're not course correcting at all. At all. but I feel like at this stage it's gotten, it's so pervasive. Like the places where this crime and violence are so bad and they've been that way for so fucking long. Like you would take a monumental effort that we just aren't capable of doing. Like we don't have $175 billion to fix all. Oh, wait a minute. We just gave all that money to Ukraine. Yeah. Oh wait, we could have fixed it. Yes. Very easily. That's the dumbest part of the argument. And it's not lot, you know, we don't have the resources for it, but we have all these resources for all these other things. Like what? And it's, it's a small percent of people causing all the problems.


like a pato effect was like 20% of people caused 80% of the problems. It's not a big, it's not like everyone New York's a criminal. No, No. It's, it's a lot of career criminals in New York. A lot of people that do the break-ins in the cars and stuff like that, they get arrested all the time. Well It was that guy Jordan Neely, who like tried to kidnap a girl. He punched an old lady in the face for no reason. Broke her orbital socket. The one who was killed on the subway by that good Samaritan. And it's like you punch an old lady in the face and break her orbital socket for no reason. Once that's a wrap. Yeah. That guy, he was prosecuted or he is being charged. Has he gone through the whole trial? I don't think he has at all. He should be mayor. This is the guy that choked the guy to death. Yeah. Looks like he got him in a rear naked choke and didn't let go.


What was the guy, the cause of death? Did the guy have a heart attack? That's a good question because A lot of times rear Nakeds hard to kill someone. You gotta really hold on for a long Time. You gotta hold on for quite a while. Yeah. And, but you can have a heart attack if someone's choking you And you'll feel it. The guy will get loose. Yeah. you know, it's, he's out. You remember the Eric Gardner case? Of course That one made me sick. The only person who went to jail was the photographer. Oh, that's so crazy. Why'd he go to jail? Be I Don't, don don't remember what they got him for. But the co the cops didn't, had barely any consequences. The guy died God for no reason. No Nick, the guy was just selling loose cigarettes. Right. I knew a dude who knew him. It it, and it's Horrific. It's horrific. And it's also, it's like they try to pretend that wasn't a choke.


Like come on man. you know how to choke people. But even if it wa why You, you choked him. He's selling cigarettes. Calm down for nothing. The cigarettes, it's nothing. And it's like, what is it? It's interfering with the business next to it where he buys the cigarettes. What gonna do? Right. you know, is it, and there isn't there worse problems in this fucking world Yes. Than some guy who's an entrepreneur. You don't have to buy the cigarettes from that guy. Right. You don't have to. And he wasn't in the store. He's just selling loose cigarettes. Right. Like if somebody doesn't have enough money for a pack of cigarettes, but they have enough money for two cigarettes, this guy will sell 'em two cigarettes. And I also think it's insane to make cigarettes more expensive on purpose for to screw with poor people. They Do. That's the point. Wait A minute. These sin taxes? Yes. Oh, oh, I see, I see what you're saying.


They, they wanna make it really hard to buy taxes. Yeah. They want so. Well it's just, they just know that people are hooked and they can just steal money from you. That's really what it is. So they know you're hooked on cigarettes. No, No, no. It's these good, it's not the tobacco companies that are selling, selling these prices. It's the governments. Right. They want it as expensive as possible. 'cause the idea, like Bloomberg says is so it's harder for people to, to keep to committed to this habit. Oh, that's interesting. I I think it's, that's a nice excuse for we know they are gonna keep buying cigarettes I don way to Generate revenue. Don't think this is the guy who banned Big Gulps. Mm. Do you think he think he banned Big Gulps because of insurance companies? No, I think he banned good big gulps. 'cause he's a goody two shoes and thinks he knows best for everybody.


But when I hear things like that, I'm always like, okay, what's the financial incentive behind that? Because insurance companies could be like, you know what, people are dying all the time. And one of the big causes is obesity. And one of the big problems with obesity is people drink like big gulps. Like this is why you get ob. Ob. Like, this is why they made seatbelt laws. They didn't make seatbelt laws to make us safe. They make seatbelt laws because of insurance companies. Oh, I thought you meant they, they're gonna say they made seatbelt laws. 'cause fatties can't fit into them. So to wipe out the fatties, I'm like, all right, I can, there's a eugenics thing going on here. I can see it. No, it's I mean. but I, if they're trying to outlaw big gulps, I feel like First of all fuck you. Right. Right. if I want a big gulp, I know it's bad for me.


you know, if you outlaw big gulps but you don't outlaw that Dunking Donuts blizzard thing. you know that one? Oh God, what's it like 1500 calories? It's No, no, no. It's probably like thousands. But it's 186 grams of sugar. Holy cow. Is that what it is? What is the It's so crazy. You, there's a dude who did a YouTube video and he shows the actual sugar that's in the drink next to the drink. It's fucking half sugar Mac it except three Big Macs. And you think 'cause you're drinking it, it can't be that bad. Yes. That's the thing. Big Macs are way better for you. Yes. Which is crazy. Big Macs are fucking like grass fed meat. Oh My. The thing that's insane is that 14 donuts I've had? How's that? Like, it's so Crazy. You just filled it up with sugar.


So Jamie, see if you can find the video. A thousand calories. I thought that it's only a thousand. That, that not, that's not the blizzard though. Is it? The blizzard's the big bad, big bad boy. See if you can find the video of the guy showing the sugar content in the blizzard. There's a video of this dude does it online. I think it's the one. Yeah, that's it right there. Look at all that fucking sugar. 181 grams of sugar. Nearly three quarters of a two liter bottle of Coke. Let's measure that. Look at all this sugar. Fuck. Look, just imagine eating all that sugar in one session. Holy fuck. That's bad for you.


Holy. It's just bulking. And dude, if you don't eat that way all the time, like I had a milkshake, like a big ass chocolate milkshake. I don't really do that most of the time. And it was like, I get hit with a tranquilizer dart. I was like, oh my God. Well for me, I have a big sweet tooth. But if I, if I, sometimes I might go on a binge and just eat bags of gummy candy. I'm wired Wired for how long though? A while. It's, it's a while. But You don't crash afterwards. No, I, I go to bed. I do this for if I'm binging I'm not s right for bed. Yeah. don don't b during the day, I've heard people say that like eating a high carb meal before bed. I've heard people talk about doing that. They eat a high carb meal so that their insulin spikes and then they just fucking crash afterwards.


I don that 'em sleep issues. So I I I feel bad people who do, It's a rough thing to have, Man. I had honey smacks cereal and the first ingredient is sugar. Yeah. And I'm, I'm thinking to myself like, how are these being held together? 'cause they don't look like sugar cubes. It's mostly, It looks like grains Sugar. Ugh. How is that even physically possible? They used to be called sugar smacks. Oh yeah. When they had to change Sugar Bear was the name. They're So Good. And then Sugar Golden Crisper Honey, whatever. They, they, Well, we used to eat Frosted Flakes and then we would put sugar on the Frosted Flakes. Ugh. Ugh. I ate Lucky Charms. Still. They're really good. It's fucking good man. It's good. It should be legal. And you mix it with your protein drinks.


That way you get your protein First of all we people need access to real food primarily. But every now and then, a fucking blizzard from Dunking Donuts should be on the menu. If you want to. You should be able to. It's ridiculous. But like, if you wanna have a, you know what I love Tier Masu. That's my favorite dessert. Okay. Oh, fucking love it. And if I'm stuffed, it's the end of the meal. And they, and you know, it's an Italian place and you open up the Oh fucking Tiramisu. But it's also kind of crazy 'cause like Amisu, I love key lime pie. I love key lime pie. I could have like three bags of candy. Like it looks like. 'cause it's cake. You think. Oh, it's not that bad for you. It's like it's filled with sugar. It's just, it's insane. Amisu is so much sugar, but it's so good. Yeah, it is.


Oh my God, it's so good. Those lady fingers that are dipped in espresso. What about in those, all those steakhouses where their chocolate cakes like 1500 calories a slice. And I'm like, how are you doing this mathematically American steakhouse? Like they are trying to kill you. They're trying to gain you. Wait, where's the tinfoil hat? They're trying to stuff you as much as possible. Like if you and I mean it in the best possible way. But if you go to like in town, like say if you go to Eddie v's. Yeah. You go to Eddie V's. And you get the lobster mashed potatoes and the real, you can't stop eating. You cannot stop eating. They have the calorie counts at Eddie V's. Do they? Which is useful. Well, my, if I don't have glasses on, I can't read that shit.


They may get a little tiny little tiny numbers next to the food. The fuck outta here. But if, if, you know, if you go to another country, they don't eat Legos. Like we eat like slobs. Yeah. You know, we have giant ass pizzas. That's why you should go to Japan. Oh. Very, very, very much more disciplined than us. I had You don't see fat people as much. I had whale eight ways. Oh wow. It was really whale. Yeah. Whoa. That's Weird. Apparently whales like a poor people food there. Wow. But there are homies. Why are you eating our homies? Well you're in Japan, you know, gotta do as the Japanese do. I wonder how smart they really are. They're pretty smart. Because people always say that whales are super smart. The but you know, it's just because they can communicate.


And we, it's, we have a weird definition of intelligence. Right. Because we really favor things that can control their environment and change their environment. Like build houses and structures. Not necessarily ants do that. We don't think ants are smart. Yeah. But We do. We do think they're smart. No, we don't. We think they're smart in a weird way. Well, they're skilled. It's not just they're skilled. They know how to make these chambers that ferment leaves. Sure. And they have a a like the leaf cutter. Ants do. Yes. I was watching about them last night. That's pretty creepy. You brought that up. Fucking incredible. Because I, there's a video about how did this evolve? 'cause this, the fungus that's in the leaf cutter ant colony is not the same species any longer as this fungus that's outside. Right. So intelligence is not the right word. You're right. The the right word is capable of incredible order.


And they have a pattern in their mind that they follow. Much like bees. Like you don't have to teach bees how to make beehives. They make beehives everywhere. Right. All over the fucking place. So it's somehow it's, so they're making a structure. What is it? There's some animal. Is it the puffer fish? Where they gave them like Ritalin or they gave them like por something and the patterns all changed. Oh wow. Like they gave them some s SSRIs something, whatever it was. Oh wow. And it changed how they cr like spiderwebs. Maybe it was And they changed how they made. Oh Yes. They definitely did that with spiderwebs. I saw them. There was a bunch of different things they did with spider roses and one of 'em, they gave it LSD. Okay. They gave the Spider LSD the most spider's. Like Wow. I Got eight legs and eight eyes.


He remembers when he was like a shitty shopkeeper. Oh Yeah. There it is. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. There it is. Yeah. So normal marijuana. Marijuana sucks. Looks. It's terrible. Ben's dream. What's that? An upper benzes? I don't know what Is, that's a seventies Thing. That's not benzodiazepine. Right? Benzodiazepine is Xanax. What's a zarine? Jamie? That's get caffeine. Caffeine. Caffeine's all over the place. Chlorhydrate. Who's getting high on chloral? What is chlorhydrate? I have no Idea what's hydrate. Jamie. What's benza? How Weird is that? They pick chloral. Hydrate. you know, why wouldn't you pick alcohol? Well, you'd probably kill it, right? Maybe. Right. Sedative.


Sedative. Okay. Treat short term treatment of insomnia. There you go. So is benzedrine and upper It must be benzos. That's a thing from the seventies. They were all on The Well, I think that's benzodiazepine though. I think benzos. It's an amphetamine. Okay. Yeah. Benzo dream. Okay. Yeah. I don't think that's benzos though. Is that a Ben? What is a benzo? A benzos an upper? No. Is it? I thought it was a Xanax because benzo, There's obviously a bunch of, we're like, we we're like school moms. Yeah. There's Extra. The Diaz Is in there. Oh, the benzos are depressants. That's interesting. That's the, that's the produce. So that's benzos. When people say the term benzos. Oh, downers. Okay. What's a black beauty?


'cause that's what they always used to take in the seventies. No, that Speed. Is that Speed. Is that speed? I think so. A Lot of guys took speed and played pool. That was a big thing with the guys would play on amphetamines. I know one time the Gogos took a bunch of downers and they had to perform sitting down on chairs. Oh, That's a letter. Yeah. Eye lips is Sealed. Yeah. Excellent. Black Capsule. S Okay. Uppers. Yeah. Dextroamphetamine. Yeah. Okay. These guys who would play pool on it. They said that makes em see angles better. Well 'cause like Speech, it's like Ritalin. I've never done Ritalin Either. No, but, or like a Adderall. Excuse me. I've never done Adderall either. Neither have I. But you know people, I'm scared of it. You're crazy focused. I'm scared of That. Why are you scared of focus? Well, the same reason why I don't do, I've never done cocaine.


Well, you've never done cocaine. Ew. Haven't been to Japan. Haven't been done. Cocaine. First Of all Sir Cocaine's Illegal. Son of a bitch. Second of all, I think I'd like it. No you wouldn't. Yeah, I'm sure I'd like it. No you wouldn't. Not to the extent that people ruin their lives. It's The, oh, I wouldn't ruin my life. It's The stupidest drug. Yeah. I'm not, I'm not really interested in ruining my life. but I would recognize that this is probably a lot of fun. It's not but how come so many people say It is? I don't know. It's not fun at all. 'cause for you it's not, it's, it would not be fun for you. I promise you. Have you ever Heard the Buck Cherry song? Cocaine All Lit up? do you know that song? No. That song makes me wanna do Coke.


The idea of Coke is a lot. Let's play This song. I was already along way. Okay, let's, I fucking love Buck Cherry.


This episode is brought to you by Paleo Valley. Paleo Valley meat sticks are the perfect protein snack made with 100% grass fed beef, pasture age, chicken, pork, and venison. And coming in nine delicious flavors. Paleo Valleys are also naturally fermented with zero preservatives and have a shelf life of one year, even longer if refrigerated. Plus they're sourced from small regenerative American family farms with over 35 million sold and a 60 day, 100% money back guarantee. Paleo Valley stands by their quality. Visit Paleo valley.com/rogan and use the promo code Rogan to get 20% off your first order.


There was a, a friend of mine told me a story. He was in alcohols anonymous meeting and the dude from Buck Cherry was there. Yeah. And this model went on stage and she was telling her sober stories and she was saying, I was just doing coke and just fucking all these rock stars. And he goes, yeah. In the middle Of an AA meeting. Now again, this is the secondhand don don't know if this is true. Okay. but I love these guys. Come on inside. That makes me wanna do blow. I I, I interviewed Belinda Carla from the Gogos 'cause she was a cokehead. And I said, explain this to me. 'cause if it's a rockstar who's a dude, he's having coke, ORs with all these chicks.


You're a girl. You're not having them run train on you. Like literally what would you do? And she said, I would go in my hotel room, take the phone off the hook, close the blinds and pace like an animal. And, I go, oh, that sounds like a lot of fun. She goes, oh yeah. It was a blast. So when I tell you you're not gonna like it, it's like giving yourself a panic attack. Yeah. But some people love it. I I, I I know you well enough to tell you you're not going to like it. Good. Thank you. It's not, well I wasn't gonna try it anyway. But Not even on a bucket list thing. Nope. For the same reason why I won't try Adderall. Adderall seems different. Seems much More That's Adderall you would like. That's the problem Because there's upsides. Oh, okay. Yeah.


The productivity Part. There's a lot of upsides. Yeah. And you're like, oh shit, anything Adderall helps you like understand. I've never done it helps you understand your brain better. 'cause you're like, you see yourself like, oh, this is how my brain's working and whatever. Coke is just like, you're just wait and do more Coke. And I. I've not, it's, it's just, I don't get it. Expand on that. Like, so Adderall helps you know how your brain's working. You know how like when you're any kind of altered consciousness, you realize that your brain has a character of its own. And like most people aren't introspective and just take their thoughts for granted. But people who like work with psychedelics, things like that, realize, okay, there's ways I can have different perceptions, different focuses. Right. Different, different senses of self in relation to the world.


Things like that. Right. Adderall, from my understanding, it's like, it's like that movie Limitless. It was based on Adderall. Right. I thought that was based on that other shit. New vigil. New vigil. Yeah. Provigil and new vigil. Maybe I'm wrong. I don't know either. Point being, when you take it, you supposedly are super focused, but you realize, okay, I can fine tune like the speed of my thinking. So that's fascinating that your brain has like, like a bike has different speeds. If I'm using that metaphor correctly. I just know way too many people that enjoy it on a regular basis. Yeah. And it's, I had a friend who got hooked on it and she was like, this is bad. It just seems to keep them going.


All day. Right. High achievers. Right. People Really run Coke doesn't do that. A lot of journalists And a lot of college kids now. A lot Of college kids. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. They used to be Koch kids when we were kids. Now they're on Adderall. I've asked friends who've done it and gone on stage. I said, never again. Anybody's ever like gone on stage on Adderall. They're like, no. What? Really? Why? Yeah. Like not having fun. Two tense. Yeah. Just Not, not like silly. Not like, you're Not loose. You're, you're wired. You're clenching your jaw. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. You wouldn't like Coke. Yeah. I'm surprised you don't want to just try everything once. Eh, What's that noise? I'm busy. I got a Netflix busy special coming Up. You can't try everything once.


'cause you'd be trying too many things. There's not that many and then you'd have to recover out responsibilities. but I do, I do think that having all these things illegal or having most of them illegal, it's a fucking travesty. I agree with you as an anarchist. But then what happened in Portland or wherever Seattle it was, was a real problem. Yeah. But that also coincided with terrible leadership where the mayor was saying when they took over a giant swath of the city that it was the summer of love. Remember that crazy shit? Sure. Those people were retarded. Yeah. That whole fucking philosophy up there is so stupid. It's a suicide cult. It's, they legitimately are going to destroy their society.


And they're all like Yay diversity. They, they'll be waving their fucking pride flags as the, the city sinks into the ocean. They're outta their fucking minds. So you can't look at that place and say, this is what happens when you make drugs legal. No. That's what happens. You make drugs legal in a place run by maniacs. A place run by people who think it's fine to have tents everywhere and give people money to shoot up and give them clean needles. And I give them money every month to stay homeless. I, I hear you. But my point is, you And I both know a lot of people who are like waiting for the psychedelics. Right. And if psychedelics become fully legal and corporations take over, there's going to be downsides. I think If they're Corporations Do the psychedelics, they'll probably have a different approach to how they interact with humanity.


If the CEOs and all these people realize like, you are going to die and if you're wasting all your time trying to squeeze as much money as humanly possible outta every person that interacts with your, your company, you're, you're not living a harmonious life. And it doesn't mean that you can't make a lot of money and sell things, but you can make a lot of money and sell things with a, a psychedelic capitalist perspective where you're not trying to do evil, you're just trying to be fair about it. I I I agree with everything you say. All very Utopian Though. It's not u but I'm saying there's plenty of people who, if they start getting on these drugs and being introspective, they're not gonna like what they see. And there's gonna be a lot of things that come up and it's not gonna be an easy transition toward a better person.


For some of them. It'll be much harder to get a good burger, gonna quit those jobs. I'm talking about like these corporate people. I understand. And Also like you, But even the corporate people, like, look What they did with housewives and all the, and all the speed that they were on. Oh yeah. But that's the Housewives fault. They liked it too much. Yeah. But they were told this is a diet pill. Well, they better that or lobotomy. Like they only have a few options back then. Don don't think that. I don't think those were the two Mother's little helper. Remember from Rolling Stones song, I mean they stopped doing lobotomies in 67. So they were, they were doing lobotomies for like 50 fucking years. Remember scrambling people's Brains. They did it to Rosemary Kennedy. Didn't They do it because she was promiscuous. Well, and also she was kind of a slow Oh, And the thing with the lobotomy, did you know about this?


You have to do one the person's conscious. Yeah. So she had to count backwards and then she stopped being able to talk and then they pretended she's on sabbatical for 50 years and then they did the Special Olympics to kind of, 'cause they felt bad. Oh my God. Evil, evil family. Well, it's an evil practice that, that thing that they would do for people when they had troubles. I, I love the idea. The I it's just so insane that like there's no precision really. You're stabbing them in the a hit scrambling brains and hoping you hit the right spot. That's not a thing. I Think they're gonna look at that the same way they look at the way they look at that now they're gonna look at sex chains for kids in the future. Yes. Oh yes. They're gonna look at all this S by proxy Also.


There's a clearly like a mind virus. And it is like a mind virus. I mean that term mind virus. That sounds like you shouldn't say that because a virus doesn't exist in the mind. It's a different kind of thing than an actual biological virus. But it has the same function. It really does. Ideas go viral. Yeah. They do. Right. That's the thing. Right. Right. It's the idea is going viral. Right. The thing is, when you And, I were kids as dinosaurs. Every girl or 90% of them had an eating disorder 'cause she was uncomfortable with her bodies changing unwanted male attention. Having that sense of control. It was very common. Very common. I think a lot of people, it didn't grow out of it, but most of them did. Right Now, if you're uncomfortable with your body, you're gonna be shifted down in this direction.


In many cases. In many such cases. And it's really dis Carol Markowitz, who's a journalist, she was a neighbor of mine in in Brooklyn. She said a majority of kids in her daughter's class were identifying as some variant of queer. So she's like, I'm outta here. I'm gonna Florida. It's so strange. It strange isn't the word. It's, it's, it's, it's, it's, and the thing is with eating, But it is also strange With eating disorders, you can get over it. Right? Right. This is gonna cause permanent damage to people. People Did You see what this, this evil demon from the LA Times? There was a woman girl named Chloe Cole who was a detransition. I've Heard of her. And they had this whole hit piece on her. Oh no. And how, oh, she's become beloved by the right. It's like, oh my God, this is someone telling their real per, and she's not unique telling her story about like, I wasn't old enough to make these decisions, And, I'm fucked for life.


I'm never gonna have sexual pleasure. And my body's changed. And I regret this enormously And I thought I wanted this And I was wrong. And it's like, oh, it's just a hatch piece. I think a girl, I forgot the girl's name. It's horrible. That's so cool. Could you imagine I ratio that way? If It was instead the right that was promoting this, how the left would react the right Used to it was a, a conversion therapy. This is their version. Right. Praying the gateway away, you mean? Yeah. Yeah. But but not as extreme in the sense that you're not doing surgery on people, especially on children and giving them hormone blockers. Right. But imagine if that was the right's pers if the right's perspective was akin to Iran's perspective. So in Iran, that's Iran. Yeah. You have a very high number of transsexuals by law because it's illegal to be gay.


Right. They mandated that. Now imagine if that was going on with the right here. They're saying, no, you can't be gay, but you can be trans and you can become a woman also. And so they're encouraging it and then profiting off it and then shaming anyone that detransition like that person. Imagine if that was all being done by the right. But yeah, people would think it's so fucking evil. The thing that's also crazy is what everyone who questions their gender is trans. No one just has issues with their gender. We Ever, not only that, there's a lot of data that shows that if you let them just leave them alone Of course, and let them go through puberty and become an adult, they usually become gay. Yeah. And then a lot of gay people are like, Hey, this is homophobic. This idea is homophobic. Like this idea that these people are actually in the wrong body.


Like no, they're Gay. And I also talk about this a lot. There's this complete insane, insane pretense that taking hormones, even the hormones of your own gender has no downside. So if a male takes testosterone, he's not gonna have any bad side effects. If a female takes estrogen, there's no bad side effects. When women are pregnant and their hormones are a mess, it's all up upside. But they pretend that like, oh, if we just give this person hormones, it's only gonna be a good thing. It's like not just a huge cost hormones, but not even. Yeah. But the blockers, the blockers are the crazy thing because they are literally chemical castration drugs that they would use for pedophiles. It's the same drugs.


But Also, Joe, the lie that you can just start puberty later. It's a lie. Absolutely a lie. You'll be altered forever. You'll never develop as I, as I am proof, if your growth is stunted as a kid, you don't get to grow your full height. Later. It's, there's a window. Same thing with learning language. These kids were feral and raised by wolves. They don't later become scholars. Right. They lose the capacity to speak correctly. Right. So the brazen lies of, well, you could just start puberty later if that's what you feel like a gymnast, Again, imagine this coming from the Right. Imagine. See, this is why people are so weird because, and Why is this politicized? It's crazy. Right? It is crazy. Why is Politicized if there's kids who have mental illness of some kind, let's get them help.


Right. And everyone's different. Right? Everyone's different. And the solution isn't necessarily give a girl a mastectomy when she's 14. That seems insane. Do you know there's, there's a new one called neuter What? And they remove, make you look like a Barbie or Ken. Oh, And Joe, you know why? Why I made that? Why I winced? 'cause you know, it's here in Austin. The the clinic is here. Oh my God. This is what happens when you're friends with Deborah. So you learn about these things. Wait A minute. Really? It's called neuter. Yeah. How many people have they done this to? I don't know. I don't know.


It's here in Austin. The guy's very proud of himself. Oh My God. Oh yeah. God, It's so weird. No, it's very normal. Yeah. Jesus Christ. Yep. So This is like, when you go to visit the Coliseum and you're like, what happened to these people? This is, this is us. This is us. It's just, we are very fortunate to be in the middle of it and watching it all play out. There's That meme of Jesus, Matthew McConaughey asteroid. No, he goes flooded again. Oh, that's funny. I, I saw send in the asteroid. I saw it the other day. I guess there's a bunch of those.


Like, what the fuck man? It's it when you're deal, the thing is the gaslighting is what bothers me. Well, it all bothers me. It all bothers me. The fragility of the human mind, you know, that we're so everybody forever was like Kamala Harris is the worst vice president. She's the least popular vice president of all time. And then in a moment, a moment in time, all of a sudden she's our solution. She's our hero. Everybody's with her, all these social media posts about her, try Googling a negative story on her. You won't find one. So Ta-da. Okay, you, You, you've got me started.


Officer Harris. So They've been doing this live for years. So in 2019, our pal tulsi absolutely nuked her in that second debate. Right? And if you looked at charts at the time, the, she's kind of Officer Harris is like doing okay, first debate comes out. Joe Biden, you're a racist. The Democrats were looking for a alternative to Bernie Sanders. That wasn't Biden. She starts going up in the polls. Right. Second debate comes out. Tulsi being a good Hawaiian knows how to roast the pig just completely slams her. Not only that, she has no counter punch. She goes on Anderson Cooper and she's like, well, I'm a top tier candidate, so of course people are gonna take shots at me. That's her answer.


She immediately starts going down the polls. It's that day. You can see it on the chart. I have on my Twitter, all the articles at the time that did a autopsy on Kamala Harris' failed campaign. Didn't mention Tulsi once. Yeah. It was BBC LA Times Reuters New Yorker. A guy from the Washington Post just did a piece looking back on her campaign, didn't mention tulsi either. A wild, they completely pretend it didn't happen. Well It just shows you that what they're looking for is not what they say they're looking for. Yes. Because she is a strong woman. She is a person who served overseas twice. She in a medical unit. So she gotta see people blown up by the war.


She is, she was a congresswoman for eight years. Yeah. She is a person of color. She's everything you want. All those things you want. She's not, and yet you don't want her because She's not for war. Yes. She's not for, well, she's also just not willing to play ball. There's a game that's being played. And if you're like, Hey, you're not supposed to fucking move the ball, you're like, oh, look at this bitch over here. Like get outta here. You're gonna fuck up our game. It's not real democracy. It's controlled parties. Did you see that piece by Seymour Hirsch that dropped over the weekend about the coup? Yes. So explain to people what Seymour Hirsch, don don't know if he's right, but it seems to be right a lot. And he was right about the Nord Stream pipeline, right?


What? Yeah, what he, so what I was saying, and a lot of other people were saying is the big issue is how do you get Biden outta the White House? So here's Biden's case. He's like, look, I got, I got Trump outta the White House last time. I'm only behind two or three points in the polls. Kamala polling worse than me in like eight outta 10 polls. I won these delegates. Why the hell should I back down? And he, that's a very solid case, Jill, for the first time in her life, people care about her. She matters as Hunter put it. I have it exactly here. She's a selfish, silly, entitled cunt. That was how Hunter described her. Whoa. Yeah. Yeah. We have the texts and then all the public pressure. Biden, you gotta drop out. Biden gotta drop out. Biden gotta drop out.


Nancy Pelosi's a gangster. I wouldn't wanna fuck with her. I wouldn't wanna fuck with Mitch McConnell. These people don't mess around. And everyone said, or a lot of people said they're gonna have to go to threats, because why else would he step down? He's earned it that presidency and he's earned the nomination. But If there was ever a time to invoke the 25th Amendment, wouldn't you think this is the time? Sure. but I don't think they then, hold on, hold on. Here's the thing. Let's talk about this. So, Seymour Hirsch, who's been around DC since the sixties, I believe he wrote the Dark side of Camelot, if I'm not mistaken. He had a thing on his substack that goes, Biden got the call and it was Obama Pelosi, former speaker of the house, Chuck Schumer, majority leader, Hakeem Jeffries, current house minority leader, leader of the Democrats in the house.


And he said, we got Kamala on board to invoke the 25th. We you don't drop the nomination. you know that that's gonna happen. The thing is, you were saying, they're not evoking the 25th, he's still president. Right. But I'm saying if there was a time that they were gonna do that, this would be that time. It, it, it, it was that time four years ago. Right. But It's been that time. But Clearly now, right? More and more than ever before. Why? 'cause it's deteriorating. No, it's Deteriorating. I don't think he's gotten that much worse. Oh, He's gotten a lot worse. There's a video that compares him from 2019 to 2024. It's a market difference. Yeah. but I don't think there's a big difference between 2022 and 2024. There's like a two and a half hour compilation of the campaign in 2020 where he forgets Obama's name.


Yeah, That's true. He, he had those gaffes back then. But they're constant now. Like he's barely hanging on. don Don't, he was fine. The state of the union. I think it's like sundowning, you know, like, okay, Okay, okay, okay, okay. You think there's a body double? That was, that guy walked very differently than Biden. Very different. He saw that Like A lot taller. It's on Scott Adams Twitter. I saw that. He's, I'm like, am I Alex Jonesing today? No, He's a lot taller. Yeah. No, he's physically taller. Yeah. Okay. And he walks way better. Like, as someone who, like you watch Biden walk. He had a stiffness, the, like death was coming for him. And before everyone you know, freaks out, has their mouse traps on their heads go off. I think there should be more presidential Biden doubles because one president almost got murdered.


So if we have ways to keep them safe, let's use them. Okay. That's a good thing to say. We cover our ass there, you know. And now here's another thing to say in the interest of national security, like, let's imagine a scenario where Biden is deathly ill and Kamala is not really capable of taking over as president right now. And there is, you know, like, who's next speaker of the house? So Nancy Pelosi. No. Who's it now? Mike Johnson. Mike Johnson. Right. So that would be him next. So that's a dangerous moment in terms of national security, even though everyone knows that Biden's, you know, really having problems. Right? It's not actually running the show. you know, I could see why they would want to use some body doubles for that.


Of course, you know, if the guy's in a hospital somewhere, but this guy, let's, let's look at it. 'cause this guy, yeah, please play it. He don't walk like him. He's taller than him. It looks like, like he gained, like went back in time. Seven or eight Years. This is the weekend of Bernie's like prequel. Well, This is like master gaslighting and propaganda is what it is like to show you that there's, you know, what was it in 2000? And? I. Forget what year it was. Where I believe it was during the Obama administration. Look at the size of this guy. This isn't the clip I saw. He's so much bigger. Look how big he is. He's so much bigger than Jill. He's so much bigger. Like, he gained a legitimate six inches.


Look how tall he looks. Look at, wait, Jamie, there's The phrase, she's wearing heels as Well. Jamie. There's one on Scott Adams Twitter. This is from his Twitter. Oh, but let's watch. No, it's, it's the one he's walking to the helicopter. Let's Watch this again. Yeah, that's another one. Yeah. Yeah. It's another one that's a similar one too. Where you see, see what, one more time. Let's see him walk. Walk again. So like, look how much bigger he is than Jill. Holy Shit. Yeah, he towers over her. He didn't use to tower over Stuff like that. I seen The other one. And also if you look, look, look at her. She's wearing high heels. See? Oh wow. Yeah, You're right. See her high heels. Okay. And he's towering over her. That is a much taller person. They show a picture. So maybe they hooked him up with some fucking secret sauce that's gonna keep him going and he'll be back. Maybe they have ability to go back like biologically.


Wow. Take you back. Oh wow. Oh wow. A decade or two. Yeah. Giant, giant difference. Well, Hold on. Is that because she could be behind him so the No listen, She also has eye heels on, man. No, no. But On the left it could be that she stand. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's a different human. There's, Look at the size difference of the Torso. Them walking to the helicopter is the one where it looked really different. Game. Go back to that. Please. Look at the size differences in the torsos themselves. From the top of his shoulders towards, Oh, look how he buttons. Yeah. Look at the, the white of the shirt. Yes. Just look at the size difference. Look how much longer that human is on the left. Now it may be Biden, listen, they might have some wild shit that brings you back from the dead. But like medical science is getting, like, there's some people out there working on some wild stuff.


But do you know, maybe they just fucking jolting 'em up with some Wolverine juice, who's like a Wolverine juice is gonna make you taller. But here's the thing, in the same way in the sixties, if you sat on the show and said, Liberace's gay people would yell at you. Right? Because there's, you've never seen him sucking a dick. Right? People right now will be like, it's impossible. Why would They do a body double? It's ridiculous. No, I don't think they would be. I don't think they would be anymore. You don't think so? Don think No. You don't think There's a lot of people listening right now who think you're crazy. My Parents, well, like regular people. No. Your parents Don't listen to this show and they got shipped. No, they don't. But if they did, they're boomers Course they're full on. They're full on. Not listen To this. Like, You gotta keep Trump out of the White House. This, but this what, what you're seeing right here. It really looks like a different person.


Now we are we. Why are we saying that? Because it actually does look like a different person. We're not making something up. Okay. I don't do that. I don't pretend I don't lie. I'm not a type of person that looks at something like that. And like I have a propaganda thing I'm trying to push. Like when people say this version of Joe Biden is the best version ever, intellectually, I'm telling you he's on point. That's not real. Right? I don't do that. We were also told for years. So that's why that these are selectively edited clips and deep fakes that's Like, no, no. They call them cheap fakes. Yeah, cheap fakes. Excuse Me. Yes. That's what she's called em. Cheap First of all. It's very expensive technology. What? What A lot of money to produce The cope with the debate.


First, I heard people say it was the fault of the lighting. I don't know what kind of lighting, unless it's some kind of space laser. It was after His bedtime. But what Kind of lighting makes you say we beat Medicare then? People said the mic was fucked up. Well, if your mic is fucked up, why can't you breathe? So it was amazing how all the com explanations didn't explain what we all saw with our Eyes. Well, we can't gaslight, you know, you, we got on. I know everyone's doing this because this is how everyone's done this. I don't think you can do it this way anymore. I think this political gaslighting They do is genuinely bad for them. Not just bad for everyone and bad for the entire civilization, but genuinely bad for them.


You can't do that anymore. You, you. Because you Can't just say it. Everyone knows it's not true. Not everyone. God. So many people do. And so many people your age and my age know. Yes. Alright. I think everyone who, like right now, everyone who's 40 and under is fucking super skeptical of almost every, not Everyone, God damn. A lot of people do A lot, but not everyone. You're Right. You're right. You're right. I'm exaggerating. But you's many more than during like my parents' age more when they were in Their forties. More infinitely more. you know why? you know when They knew. Yeah. Social media. Elon. Elon. Yes. That's a big, big part Of it. I always make this point. You don't need a majority. You only need an alternative. As long as there's one like that little kid who said that emperor has no clothes. Yeah.


As long as there's one outlet where you could be like, this seems a little weird. Then all of a sudden the truth can come out. Or at least the in good questions. The dude has literally saved free speech. Yes. And that sounds so stupid to some people that are against it. Like, oh my God, you think did Nazis and hate speech? And listen, it's not good that people want to type racist things. It's not good. It's not good that people target specific human beings. It's not good. It's also not good if you don't know those people exist. And if people can't counter those people in those comments, and if people can't highlight how egregious some of the things they're saying are, how awful some of the things they're saying are.


And also get real information about like, what's really going on in Venezuela, what's really going on in El Salvador? What's Everywhere. And I'm also sitting here as a Jewish person went to Jewish school to tell you that the idea that you can criticize George fucking Soros who's a billionaire because it's antisemitic. Well that's the old moss insane tactic. Right? What do you the the Mossad, there was a guy who was a Mossad agent who talked about this. Like what they would do if they found out There was a journalist that was saying, Israel's attacking this. You label him a antisemite. Yeah. But The point is, they don't do this just anti-Semitism. He was with racism. He was homophobia. And we're seeing it right now with Officer Harris George. No, what I'm saying is, well, for George Sos to be anti-Semitic, you're anti-Semitic. Right. If you're going after Officer Harris, you're either racist or sexist or ableist.


Right. So they will use ableist. Yeah. 'cause she's a retard. Jesus. She's literally retarded. I mean Ukraine is a country in Europe, and Russia is another country and a powerful country. And Russia invaded Ukraine. And that's wrong. What's really important is what can be unburdened by what has been, I think of her as America's wine mom. Because bitch seems like she's three deep by noon and she's got the three phases of wine. Mom, she's got happy drunk. Oh my God, this cereal's got a rabbit on it. It's so Great. Cackling, cackling, cackling. Then there is trying to drunk at work where you're trying to make sense, but you don't, space is around us all and unites us all and inspires us all.


And then there's, I'm being stern, so you don't realize how plastered I am. And I'm making a point. Dr. Little girl was me. Now I'm gonna go upstairs and don't knock on the door 'cause I'm gonna pass out. So those are her three ways she talks. And those are the wine mom phases. Do You think they have her medicated? Because there was a guy that was speculating that some of the things that she says, the way she's sort of disconnected sometimes And I Don't know what, and she goes on these rambles that it's don don't understand indicative of certain anti-anxiety medication. I do not know if this is true. See if you could find that. 'cause really say, say that About That would mix our future president. Yeah. Our fu Yeah. She's gonna win. No, She's not. She can win. She absolutely can win. I do not think she's going to win because the more she talks like in 2020, she, how bad do you have to be that you can't even make Iowa, she couldn't even compete with the mayor of South Bend.


I I feel like we are in this very bizarre time where people are giving in to the bullshit in a way that I, I'd never suspected people would before. And this is one we saw the, they just want no Trump no matter what. And they're willing to gaslight themselves. They think that, and by the way, I think Hillary could win if Hillary jumped back in. I've Been saying that for months. If Hillary jumped back in, I I think the problem was also the money because there was the two, it was like $250 million in the campaign fund that has, if it only works if she's on the ticket. Right. So that's part of the problem. but I feel like Hillary could win. She won the popular vote in 2020.


Hillary, or in 2016. I've been saying this for a year in different shows. And, and she would've win won won pretty. Michelle Obama could win too. No, I don't think she did If she wanted to do it. You don't think so? I, I don't, I think that's kind of this, you sound like your parents. I think it says Boomer ride. She doesn't want it. I'm not saying that she would be awesome at it, but I think, I think anyone can win of either party. Yes. Whoever the nominee is, like you pretty even Chris Christie could have won if he's the Republican nominee. It's possible. I would've thought that Trump getting shot would like, that's it. Election's over. But it's like they memory hold that so quick. You would've thought Trump getting shot would've had four year, eight years of corporate journalist talking about hate speech causing violence to be like, let's take a step back. And it that went for what? A week They did take a step back for a little bit.


For week. For a week. And then they went right back at him. You wanna talk to this memory holding? Yeah. With the, the insanity of the, the who's that? That was Elon who put up, like if you google President Donald, it says President Donald Reagan. No, I tried it. What happens? Maybe they fixed it. It said President Donald Trump. Okay. Well he had a screenshot, so I'm sure he Didn't Photoshop that. Yeah. No, no, no. I mean what? It's based on a lot of things, right? Like what people are searching for. I would imagine that the assassination attempt on Trump would be the first one that you would see. Yeah. Assassination attempt on president Right. Would be Trump. 'cause that's the most recent. Yes. But it's Not And most newsworthy. But it does show it. You just have to type it all in. Which is interesting because that little difference between what you can find and what you get presented immediately has a huge shift in the way people access information.


And this is Robert Epstein's work, The creepy line, the documentary. Everyone should watch it. Yeah. And this, this thing is very real. And what it is, is like if you try to google certain negative stories, like negative stories on people, it will overwhelm you with positive stories. It'll take a long time before you get to the negative stories. Yeah. How he explained it is if you, here's how they can tip the scale. Yeah. if I, Google, Hillary Clinton, And, I have it. So Google gives fairly positive stories about Hillary's the first 10 results. You're not gonna go to the second page. if I Google Donald Trump and go gives you seven negative stories. It's going to move the needle a little bit toward her. Against him Quite a bit. Quite a bit. Like if you're a person who's on the fence, you're like, maybe Donald Trump's not a bad guy. And then you Google him and then you start reading some of these like pieces that they've written about him, it'll change your perspective.


You Really think she's gonna win? I'm not, I'm saying it because she could. I'm not saying because she of course could. I think she's going to And. I'm not saying 'cause I want want her to, I'm just being honest. Like it, I could see her winning. I don't think, I think she's gonna lose a lot of the blackmail vote. Really? That's Interesting. I don't think they're gonna go in the booth and pull the, the lever for her like they did for Biden. Who's Obama's boy? When Trump came out to 50 cent. That many men. Yeah. you know, wish death the poem, me and n word and everything. Like didn't censor it out. Everybody's like, oh shit, he won. It was, it happened so quickly. The shift from, oh my God, they shot him to fuck him again. Yeah. It's like only people are questioning whether or not he actually got shot because his ear healed.


Can I wait, I gotta tell you something else about him. He was on, who was the Fox guy who just died with Stu Varney a couple years ago? And he goes, Stu, that's the N word. you know what the n word is? Right? Stu and stew's. Like it goes nuclear. The nuclear word And. I was on the Blaze Glen Beck's network for midterms. And Trump calls in and he is like, that's the N word, nuclear. I'm like, are are we really doing this right now? Like, Trump's talking about the N word and then he means nuclear. Yeah. It was, it was nuts. It's hilarious. What is this? Trump did not walk out to 50 cents, but rather to a country singer. So is that fake? Those videos are fake where he walks Out. Oh, Next president of the United States.


Donald Jay. Yeah. These, those videos go around the internet. Oh, wait, wait. So people imposed it? Or Wait, no, I thought the guy was saying it in disbelief. That's him going out to that song. Wait, Scroll down. 'cause it says under, under it. There was an explanation in text. What does it say there? Oh, it was not, it was his fake. Oh, they faked it. Oh, Dammit. Oh, well, dammit. Now we know what he should do next time. So he definitely should have came out to that. That's hilarious. Oh my God. That would've been an epic Because 50 cent was tweeting about him. 50 cent had his face. Yeah. At his concert. So he had like, you know, he has that image of him in the back and he put Donald Trump's head over his body.


But Do you know what, what's, Maybe that's fake Too. There's a big sea change. Because even three years ago, if you had said, Trump kind of sucks. I don't really like him. He had nobody being president. You're a Trump supporter. Because unless you say he's the worst thing to happen to America or Trump supporter. Right, right, right. So for Mark Zuckerberg to go on camera and be like, this guy was kind of a badass. And that was awesome. And not to have any, and to be feel safe to say that, not to have any negative consequences. That's a big deal in terms of the conversation moving. Well, I do not think that Mark Zuckerberg, from my interactions with him, was very comfortable with the FBI telling them to suppress the Hunter Biden laptop story. Let's talk about this.


Because there's a lot of people who, I don't blame them. Think, oh, Boohoo, you're forced me to do it. But he's happy to do it anyway. So you are saying that he actually, it was like, Well, he brought it up. Okay. I mean, when I asked him, I asked him what they did with it. He told the whole story. He didn't try to hide from it at all. And he said they basically reduced, its the ability to spread it. Right? You could post it, you could read it, you could interact with it, but they reduced its reach Right. By like 50% or something like that, or whatever the number was. Which I don't understand how you do that. Or what are you doing? What don don't know. I'll let that go. You Could understand. 'cause if you on Facebook that which I'm buying, What gets recommended, it's Not No, no, not recommended. I'm not on Facebook number for this reason. Your feed, I don't see all my friends' posts.


Right. So if they just have it post 50% less, it's very easy to do. Right? I think that's Instagram as well. Yes. Correct. It's the same company. Same sort of deal. Yeah. Yeah. I mean you see that with people. That's what shadow banning is. Right. It's difficult for people to see your shit. Right. They do that on purpose. Of course, They do. They can't do it by accident. No. I mean it's a, it's a real thing. I don't know if he's comfortable with the government telling them to do something that turned out to be an actual true story. Is that what he said? No. I mean, I have to imagine by him saying that, that's one of the most badass things that I've ever seen. He, he's got a, a reasonable perspective. 'cause it was one of the most badass things. Whether you love Donald Trump or not, let's pretend he's from another country. You have no stake in the game.


That guy almost getting shot and raising his fist up like that. And there's so many fucking weird things about that story. But the story of the assassination itself, you should be fu everyone should be really uncomfortable with the fact that that happened and not like saying you even Get shot. Yeah. I I, You're missing the whole point. I, I tweeted this out. I go, I wish the White House were freaking out about this as much there about climate change. Right. Because this would be a big moment to be like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Like, this can never happen again for, but when Steve Scalise got shot, they were like, eh, and they went back to business. Like, like, didn't shit happen. Also, why were they streaming it? They don't stream his campaign things.


They do it a lot. Do They do it a lot? Oh yeah. They do it a lot. Oh yeah. CNN does it a lot. Not C-N-N-C-N-N Did this one. Yeah. The FBI kind of added some problems to this too. Oh, what'd they say? They Said they were unclear on whether he was actually shot pierced by a bullet Or, or a fragmented portion of one. Oh, so it could have been a ricochet, A shrapnel. Yeah. Yeah. Because I know there was something that got hit. There was a video that I saw of a railing that got hit. So it might have been a piece of the bullet that hit his ear, But also, how are we not seeing this kid's social media. Right. Also, did you read the story about the examination of his house? That it was completely scrubbed Really?


There was no silverware. It was like spotless, like a, a team went over it. Okay. And scrubbed it. Bef. Oh wow. Okay. Yeah. Also, did you hear the story about how someone using ad tracking, so you know, they can find out where you're going just based on ad tracking. And they found that someone from a building near the FBI offices was regularly visiting this kid back and forth. Oh, seriously? Yes. Yeah. Find that Jamie. I, I, I just got the video about the house. I'm trying to see if We also don't even know how the Las Vegas Okay, we'll go to the video of the house first and then we'll go to, But also just, there you go. Just sidebar. Listen, We don't know MK Ultra was a real thing to think.


They don't do that anymore. Oh, come on. Prospect's Home. I believe we had people that participated in that securing of it. There were bomb assets that we provided. Mr. Chairman, can I have 30 more seconds? Yeah. Yeah. I'm letting everybody kind of Okay. On the night of since then, none. Did You get any reports from any of your agents of anything fishy at the home? I was briefed on. Was there any silverware found in the home or trash? I, I have no, nothing in the briefing that I was given. Oh. I guess maybe he's reporting on that, that report then I'm trying to Yeah, he must be reporting on that report. So that's not, that's a very incomplete video.


Remember the Las Vegas shooter? Yeah. That's A weird one too. Just, they just completely forget. Just stop talking about it. Yeah. There's a lot of those that you go, what the fuck is that? What is that? Why'd They do that? The Fact that we're talking about January 6th for years, and this is just like, eh, yeah. Yeah. It's that. Well, January 6th was a lot of people and they thought of it as, yeah, But this is a presidential candidate. Come on I mean. Oh, it's all fucked, man. It's fucked. It's weird. The whole thing is weird. This kid had these devices and remote controls for detonators. Right. Like very sophisticated stuff. He had three overseas bank accounts, encrypted accounts. Is that true? Yeah. That I didn't know.


Yeah. Find, find that out. He had three encrypted accounts. I believe. I read why? Again, this is stuff I read. I hear you. But the point is, I'm su this should be what CNN and Fox lead with every night. Oh yeah. Like, this should be the scandal. Right? This should be like, remember oj what is this? We knew about Judge, what was his name? What was the judge's name? Alito. Yeah. We knew about Judge Alito sneakers. Like they, every detail of that trial was obsessed. But here it's just like a Right. Well, we still don't know what's on the Epstein client list. Right? Or, or the Was it 80 Congress people had sexual harassment suits that under seal? How about the 51 Intelligence, former intelligence agents that signed Zero Cons signed off that the Hunter, hunter Biden laptop was Bullshit and zero consequences for anyone.


Zero. The Bank account thing might not have been real there. They might have backtracked on that. Oh, did they? It just says it might've been linked to an online gaming site or something that might've been a Fake account. Oh. So why he has accounts? I'm trying to, I'm trying to understand Right now. Okay. See what he, see what you get. So it's hard to know what's true and what's not true. And it's hard to know what's bullshit and what's not bullshit. But what we definitely know is that they knew about this kid in advance. That he had a rangefinder. They saw him walking around with a rangefinder, that somehow or another he got up onto that fucking roof. That they knew he was on that roof and that they saw him with a rifle and didn't shoot him. Yeah. And he got off three shots before they shot him.


I Heard he took horse paste. No way. Son of a bitch. What A lunatic. Oh, he's definitely a right winger. Interesting. Maybe he is a never Trumper, but he was registered for the Republican party, which doesn't mean Anything, but he donated to some Biden. Yeah. Left thing. Yeah. Oh, he donated to Biden. I believe the whole thing is really squirrely. And it, it just makes you wonder, What about that whole sloped roof bullshit? That's wild. What the fuck are you talking about? That was Wild. It's too dangerous to be on that sloped roof. Meanwhile, they had snipers on another roof that was sloped. Even if not, it's like, figure it out. It's the, it's the president. Yeah. I Mean they had that kid. They were looking at him. They saw what he was doing here.


Here's the thing though. Okay. I gotta put this out there. What? He's going back to Butler to give another rally at the same place. Yeah. It'd be really funny if, you know, at this point it's kinda like what She's asking for it. you know what I mean? If they get 'em again the same spot? It's like, come On, this time they use a drone. This? Yeah. The kid had iron sight on his rifle. What's that mean? Which was interesting. He did not have a scope. Okay. So Iron sights are, you're lining it up like this. Oh Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I thought you said iron sides. Okay. Yeah. Iron sight. So he didn't have a scope, but it wasn't a long shot. It was like a hundred 50 yards. And if, if he went center mass instead of a headshot, he probably would've killed him. I mean, I don't know if Trump wears a bulletproof vest.


That's a good que. Yeah. That's a good question. Yeah. Probably at this point. Hopefully he does. Hopefully he does. But if they, if that guy just shot center mass, he, he'd hit him. He would've hit him. I mean you're dealing with a variance of this or variance of this, right? Yeah. Yeah. And so the bullet That trump's a big dude. If the bullet did Nick his ear, it might have been a piece of shrapnel, who knows? But it definitely shot someone behind him and killed him. It killed that one guy. It was a firefighter. Did You see Joanne Reed? What'd she say? Biden survived Covid. So it's, oh yeah, it did. It's basically kind of like the same. Yeah, they, they're so gas litt up. They don't even know what the fuck they're saying. They don't even know how ridiculous. It's, and Jen Psaki is there nodding like a Oh yeah. They do The same thing. Yeah. Basically the same thing.


Because She knows better. So she's just like, oh shit. Like I, I gotta kind of play ball. Yeah. Joy reads a gem. She's a gift. How does she have a worse hairline than Joe Biden? How is that fucking possible? The whole fucking online pundit thing is so strange. Or excuse me, on television pundit thing is so strange. In what way? Well, it's just like, it's, we, it's so Contrived. So clear. It's contrived. Yes. So obviously Contrive it's, but Joe, it's not obvious. When we were in the eighties when Hacksaw, Jim Duggan got arrested with the Iron Sheik people were like, what? They don't, he's not actually from Iran. It's not a terrorist. Like, that was a moment. Don't you remember? Yes, I do remember that.


Yeah. So for a lot of people, if, or they'll tell you, you don't know that, you know, this celebrity takes steroids to gain 60 pounds in three months for this movie. Maybe he's just got great genetics and it's just like, guys, but that's how people think. Yeah. What's on their screen is they think their screen is a window. Right. And they've been infantalized Yes. Over decades of this bullshit being pumped into their face. It's so funny how few people even know what MK Ultra was that the government really did try to make assassins and tried to, they Tried all stay on their own people. Oh Yeah. Tried 'em on all kinds of people. It, I've said this, I think on this show before, you can go after the president, the Republicans, the Democrats, the universities, journalists, whatever you want.


Only when you question CIA, you're a crazy person. Everything else is fine. It's on the table. CIA. Oh, you must be a crazy person. Isn't it interesting? You must be. Yeah. You must be. They're looking out for your best interest. And Even if you told them Google MK Ultra or or Mockingbird, and they look it up themselves, it still won't permeate. Well they'll say that was then that. Yeah. They don't do that anymore. That was the sixties. Yeah. People would just crazy. There's a lot of oversight now. There's Racism. Yes. A lot of racism. Yeah. There's oversight now. You can't do that anymore. It's Insane. You don't have to worry about it. Yeah. I mean, that's when, when people wanna talk about what the deep state is, that was the deep state. The, the people that can pull the strings that aren't elected officials. Jager Hoover. Yeah. Was more powerful.


Who was, who was he accountable to? Nobody did he, Did he really wear dresses And shit? That's, that's bullshit. Bullshit. Right. That's one of those things that they put out there. And it's this bullshit. There's no source They did it to get to him. Yeah. This is after he died. It came out Supposedly. But you would think that someone's always going after someone's secrets. Who wanna have a few secrets of his own. Well, yeah. I'm sure he has some fucking, Especially back then. I'm sure he had some secrets. So That was the ultimate one. That he really is a crossdresser. Which, good thing he didn't put him on hormones. Right. Or maybe it's a bad thing. Maybe It a bad thing. It would calmed himself down. He'd be a lot nicer. Maybe. Yeah. Maybe. Or maybe would got hysterical. Calm down to it's hysterical. Like Nixon bitch slapping him in the whole office.


Maybe we just start really using some of that information that he has. I want make a plea Okay. To the president, because I know he doesn't. Which one? Biden. Joe Biden. I know he doesn't listen to this show, but I know his staff does. So Donald Trump at the Libertarian Convention a couple months ago, promised to free Ross Ulbricht if he gets elected. Did he really? Yes. Interesting. He made this, he made this commitment. Wow. So I'm saying to the Biden administration, now you can make a fool outta Trump. You can take this issue off the table. It's probably gonna be the margin. New Hampshire, there's a lot of people who are Ross supporters in tech circles. You can free Ross Ulbrich today. You got Julian Assange out of jail with a lot of institutional opposition.


No one has institutional opposition to Ross. Yep. He's not killed anyone. Not been accused of killing anyone. He's doing double life. Even though he's not a violent criminal. There's no concern of recidivism. So Mr. President, make an asshole out of Trump. You can say Republicans promise, Democrats deliver. And you could free Ross Ulbricht today. Commute a sentence. There's a lot of weirdness in that case too, right? Yes, there is. There's A lot of weirdness in terms of entrapment. Yes. And he's been, he's he's, it's as if he killed a bunch of people that have double life. It's crazy. Right? So this is something that could be very easy for him to do and get a lot of people to support, or at least stay home and not support Trump. So every vote counts. Silk Road was a way that you could buy pretty much anything.


Right? It Was like a black market website. Yeah. Yeah. You could buy pretty much anything. It's like torrenting, but with drugs and, and weapons or Whatever it was. And wasn't it, weren't there murders for hire and stuff too? I think there were. Yeah. Yeah. He's not been accused of that we're charged with. It certainly Wasn't that. One of the things that he had signed off on, someone getting assassinated. That's one of these rumors. And that's not what they charged him with at all. No. And it's like, if that was the thing, why are you charging him with that? What did they charge him with? I don't Even remember. What was it Jamie? It was some bullshit. Berg was charged with engaging in a continuing criminal enterprise. Narcotics conspiracy. Conspiracy to commit money laundering, conspiracy to commit computer hacking.


On August 21st, 2014, a superseding indictment added three additional charges of February 4th, 2015. Brook was convicted on all counts after a jury trial that had taken place on January 15th, 2015. Since Double Life. Double life Plus 40 years without possible parole. Two life sentences plus 40 Years, nine years. He's been in jail now. So just in case science comes along and they can keep 'em all alive forever. Yeah. Over. He's also ordered to pay about 183 million in restitution based on the total sales of illegal drugs and counterfeit IDs through Silk Road. Wow. That's crazy. See, even if he gets out, he's gotta pay $183 million in restitution. I I I don Dunno if he has to do that.


Holy Fuck Allegations. but I, they Dropped It here. It's federal. Federal prosecutors allege that Albright had paid $730,000 in a murder for hire deals targeting at least five people, allegedly because they threatened to reveal Silk Road. The Silk Road Enterprise prosecutors believed no contracted killing actually occurred. And he Was not charged. Was not charged in his trial in New York Federal Court with Murder for hire. But evidence was introduced at trial supporting the allegations. The district court found a preponderance of the evidence that Albright did commission the murders. So it seems like he did commission them. The evidence that Albright had com, according to them, had commissioned murders where it's considered by the judge in sentencing Albright to life.


And was a factor in the second circuit's decision to uphold the sentence. He wasn't charged with it. Right. He's been there. He doubled. It's crazy though that they don't charge him with it, but yet they use it as consideration. Exactly. That is kind of crazy. That Is crazy. Are You allowed to do that? Apparently. If you have the evidence for that, put it up. Let him be tried for it. And, I gotta tell you. I don't think that's gonna get you double life in any other case. Right. And isn't he like a yoga teacher now? And he Teaches people how to read? Yeah, He's like a model prisoner. Yeah. He fucked up. Let him Out. you know, this idea of like, you want to have total freedom and we're gonna just circumvent the system and do it online. They just wanted to squash that and put as much water on that fire as, as humanly possible.


And the point's been made. Yeah. So he's served his time. Mr. President, please let him out right now. I agree. Why do you have the hell razor box On the table? Oh, I, I wanted to give me, and this is from Kevin, the Woods. You ever see Captain Woods The movie? Yeah. That's Nic's orb. Oh, that's a fun movie. I have these normally in my bedroom, obviously. Oh, so you put them here for your vibe? Yeah. Oh no. Really? Yeah. Yeah. That's so bizarre. Is it? Why do you have the hell raise box? Because it goes well with the orb. Is it functional? The hell raise box? No, but this one is Move around. Oh, Dysfunctional. What does that do Here? Careful though. It's, it's not cheap. What does it do? Oh, it moves around. Yeah. And does it open? Careful. Careful. You don't wanna open a door?


No. Oh really? How does this work? Well, you're just doing It. You spin it around. Yeah. And then doorways open. Oh, doorways. We don't need that. We don't need that here. Yeah. Imagine if like, some wild shit goes down. Like fucking Malice and Rogan. They opened up the doorway. I I think it'd be like a fucking malice they knew Opened up the fucking Yeah. Yeah. The hell Razor box. Yeah. The guys clearly Satanic Lament configuration. That that's it. That's the Orb. Oh wow. And that's like a Conjuring type deal. Well he was the lord of what? Bon and Pain from the movie. He's a Cino bite, obviously. Yeah. Cabin. That Woods was a fun movie. I love that movie. Fucking movie. I love A fun movie. That's Josh Reeden.


Was It really? Yeah. It was like a love letter to horror movies. Ah, It was a good movie. Sigourney Weaver was excellent. Oh. So I don't wanna spoil it, but Sigourney Weaver's in and she's superb. It's also, it really straddles the line between silly and, and actually scary. It's, it does really well. It's Like the, it's a movie for the fans. Yeah. Like you watch, you're like, okay, this guy's talking to me through the screen like's, it's like a right. Yeah. It's like a, it's like you have to love horror movies to really love that Movie because there's so many Easter eggs. Yes. You gotta sit down and be like, who's this? Who's that? Like, oh, he's Aino bite. That's what that reference is. Were wolves. Yeah. Yeah. Fun ass movie. Yeah. I love that. So that's why you brought these things just to, I just wanna Have a good vibe. Yeah. So you always have that in front of you when you work? No, it's in my bedroom. Oh, okay.


Like right while you sleep. That's where I sleep at. Where, Where you rest your head. You put that on the one side. This It's on the nights. Then you do it. They're on the nightstand. The same nightstand or on opposite of Night. The same nightstand. Yeah. Is that the one you stare at before you close your eyes? I don't. I don't. What do you, what do you sta stare at When you say your spells? I, I spells and that's how I laugh. And then I go to sleep. Well, there's so many people online because everyone's so skeptical and because conspiracies are so fun. Everyone thinks that everything is satanic. Yes. You know, everything like that was what people thought about the Prince Charles painting or King Charles. Oh God. I like the King Charles painting. I'm like, someone's fucking with him. Like that guy's, like, that's a subtle dig on the history of the, the UK empire.


It looked like it was something on a hot topic. It looks crazy. Yeah. But like, people try to find like bfat in there if you're, you know, turn it upside down and fold It now. Wait, you know, you know how you know the guy was fucking with him? 'cause he left his sausage fingers in there. you know how he's got really fucked up hands? He Does. Wait, Jamie, pull up King Charles hands. It's insane. Oh, They're like inflamed, right? They're like sausage. It's like in that movie with everything everywhere. All at once. Like, oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah's. He's probably got a disease Man. Yeah. You think Jesus Christ. That's so inflamed. Yeah. God, that's so unhealthy. What's wrong with his hands? I don't know. Oh, sausage fingers. Wow. Let's just scroll up.


So you get a look at that. They didn't even show it. They just show a picture of him. Let's see the hands that looks. That's not that bad. Fairly Okay. A little swollen. What causes swollen Hands caused a variety of things. Support to discuss symptoms with your doctor. Yeah. Does it show his hands down there? Yeah. There you go. Oh God. Okay. Right there. That looks crazy. That looks crazy. That looks like you're never getting that ring off. First of all. I feel bad for Camilla. They can't feel nice. Ew. You're gonna have, do you think they still do it? Of course. Don't you? They've gotta be, they're all perverts. You think so? The Royal family, are they all perverts? They're all perverts. Really? Of course. All this is such a thing with like aristo aristocracy. They're all per, that's all. That's why they're, they're not having sex with kids.


'cause they like it. They're having sex with kids so they can, The aristocracy has sex with kids. Is that what you said? What's said? Think Prince Philip was on, was it Philip? No, not Princes, the other one. Andrew. Andrew. Andrew. Yeah. He was on, he was buddies with Epstein. We've got all the receipts. And then when they caught him, he goes, well I don't sweat anymore. I don't sweat Anymore. Yeah. He said, I was at the Falklands And I caught some thing and now I don't sweat anymore. So there you go. Look this up Jamie. I'm not making this. Wait A minute. That was his excuse. I don't sweat anymore. It was some weird thing about like, the story can't be true 'cause I don't sweat. Yeah. Huh. One of the Duke of York's claims in his news night interview was that he cannot physically sweat. Let's find out, bro.


Let's put that bitch in a song and see if he's a liar. Yeah. So there was, there we go. Virginia Gutey Described dancing with you and you profusely sweating. And then she went on to have a bath. Possibly Prince Andrew replies. There's a slight problem with the sweating because I have a peculiar medical condition, which I don't sweat or I didn't sweat at the time. And that was, was It? Wait, can you get the clip of him saying this? 'cause it sounds so crazy. Didn't his Words swear at the time? Because I had suffered what I would describe as an overdose of adrenaline in the Falklands war when I was shot at. Oh, that's a good way to divert. That's crazy. You, you, you are around UFC guys all the time. There, there are adrenalines through the roof.


'cause they're like a life and death situation. Yeah. They all sweat. This isn't a thing. Right. But there is a medical condition where you don't, the guy who does that sculpture out there, that the sea monster you saw he can't sweat. It's really bad. He was in the flins. No, no, no. He just has a real condition also. Yeah, but that's the thing. But that's not something you develop. Right? It's not, well don don't know if you can develop it. You can't develop a getting shot at Joe. 'cause they what? Trump can't sweat anymore. I mean, maybe it just rarely happens when someone blows a fuse. Oh, okay. I'm not, I'm just, I'm not a doctor. I'm not like an apologist for this. You're a prince Motherfucker. I think he's sweating right now. It's so simple to find out if this is true though.


Because let's get interesting that you say that, sir, we have a sauna or at 195 degrees, or we Can just turn up the air in. According to this Doctor in this article, he says, okay, a physician, Dr. James Hammond, wrote in the Atlantic at the time, in case of D the D in case the dubious claim, the dubiousness of this claim is not already evident from its context nested in a sea of dubious claims. This is a dubious claim. Yeah. Okay. There are people who cannot sweat or who sweat Very little. Such a propensity to appear cool and collected while everyone else is flushed and damp has been attributed to the inevitably in, in viably high status through Oh to the inevitably in Env Enviably High status throughout history. I'm sorry, I'm reading it while I'm thinking.


But the medical condition of not producing sweat. Okay. This is the stuff that my friend has. And Osis. Yeah. Osis extremely undesirable. The function is vitally important. A way to cool the body down. Mick Vader, the guy who does all the kill Tony and mothership stuff. He has that too. So two guys. I know both guys named Scott, oddly enough, Scott, who made the incredible artwork. Yeah. And then Scott, the Mick Vader, who does other incredible artwork. Both of the guys like legitimately can't sweat. But they didn't, You can't develop it. They didn't get it. No. It's certainly not from adrenaline. It's, it's a thing. It's A genetic thing. Like there's some people can't feel pain, which is really Bad. It's not a temporary condition such as Hamlin Con as concludes a temporary inability to sweat would defy medical precedent.


Okay. So it's bullshit. It's bullshit. Pure Bullshit. Yes. But he just wanted to make that as a nice, like, like by the way, I got shot at the Falcon War, it So. like, I, I couldn't have raped that girl. I was shot kind of a hero in the war. I don't sweat. Yeah. but I Also don't believe he was shot at. Probably wasn't. They're not gonna putting the print in the line of fire in the Falcons. Maybe he Was like that dude from NBC. Brian. Yeah. Williams. Yeah. What about Hillary? Yeah. She was one too. Saw him was on a sniper fire. Yeah. The first lady's gonna into a sniper fire. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That was a weird one, right? Yes. Weird. Yeah. The first lady is gonna boss down. They're just gonna let people take shots at her. Well, they did it to Trump. So maybe it to her Saying you can't sweat is so crazy. 'cause they could find out so easy if you sweat.


Like, it's not like a difficult thing. Well, sir, did you mind sitting in this sauna? But it's, it's also like maybe she got, let's pretend, let's just take it at face value. She could have gotten that aspect. The story wrong. Doesn't mean you weren't there with her. It's like Right. She misremembered that you were Sweating. Right? She just think you stunk. She thought your sweat misspoke. She said she misspoke last week. She gave a dramatic description of her arrival in Bosnia 12 years ago. We're counting a landing under sniper fire And she had to duck and run. Okay. Video Photos that Contradicted. She said. So if I misspoke, that was just a misstatement. What Does that means? A lie. I say A lot of things. Millions of words a day. So if I misspoke, that was just a misstatement.


So if I make an incantation, that summons bu and he rises from a crack in the earth. Well, you got the, That was just a misstatement. I say millions of words a day. If you put a million chimpanzees for a million years with typewriters, they'll make the works of Shakespeare. Why would Beelzibub come from a crack in the earth? you know, he's an lord of this sky. I remember landing under sniper fire, there was supposed to be some kind of greeting ceremony at the airport, but instead we ran with our heads down to get into the vehicles to get to our Base. And there is footage of her landing and they're like giving her flowers and it's kids. It's Mm. It's not like it wasn't on video. Yeah. Both Clintons held their heads up and did not appear rushed.


So the video Oh, yeah. Presented her with a poem. Yeah. There you Go. Yeah. 8-year-old Bosnian girl presented her with a poem. Poem and later greeting us troops. So it's just, she You believe that thing about all the monkeys. You leave 'em alone with the typewriter for a million years. They they compose all the works of Shakespeare. Yeah. That's mathematically definite. But what do you mean here, don? Don't believe it. What Do you mean? I think it's gonna be all fucked up. But if you do it long enough, infinitely every perpetrator Who's gonna edit that? You'd have to find all the works of Shakespeare. Don Joe Rogan. You don't edit Shakespeare. You'd have to find all those words in those monkeys. There's no way they're gonna write those letters in that order. If it's infinite. Yes. Infinite. Right. That's the whole point.


I Think infinitely it sucks. Infinitely, I think unless they evolve. If it's infinite. And then the monkeys grow up to become humans and they figure out Shakespeare. If you're hitting keys, if you're hitting keys at random, eventually you're gonna write out Shakespeare's perfectly. Yes. Just a time thing. Yes. And yeah, it'll take trillions of years. Right. But one day, right. The end period. Imagine. So imagine like, like our proof of intelligent life is just proof of infinity. Like, oh my God, we found an incredible book, like a guidebook for human beings. It's really just a bunch of space monkeys pounding on a typewriter for fucking billions of years. And you know, At, at what this called The Art of the Deal.


It's like one space monkey figures out paper and then the other Space monkey finds a typewriter that an alien civilization has dropped off there. Just sort of like They do with us with spaceships. When they just crash land, they just drop 'em off a, a typewriter. I just read a story of this monkey was in a zoo chimp for like 50 years. It just finally died. It was really sad. but I read the story and they said, well, it was originally being raised by someone in their house and then they took it to the zoo and it's just like, and they bought it a pet store in New York. Oh my God. like A chimp. Yeah. I used to be able to do that. Remember the lady in Connecticut? Yeah, That's what I was thinking about. I'm like, who thinks this is a good idea? Yeah. There's a lot of nutty people out there that don't understand what a chimpanzee is there.


There's a a piece recently, Jamie, where they were studying old videos of chimpanzees and they believe that some chimpanzees are capable of human words. See if you can find that This is like a very new discovery. So they're examining some older videos and they believe that some chimpanzees here, old videos, some chimpanzees suggest they're capable of speech. So these are some old videos that they had done. So a small team of speech specialists in psychologists in Sweden, the UK and Switzerland, has found via study of old videos that at least three chimpanzees had learned to speak human words, suggesting that the animals are capable of learning this ability given the right circumstances.


The work is published in the journal scientific reports. Isn't that wild? Huh? So some of 'em know how to say some words, Papa or cup, mama, papa or cup. But their work was discredited over the years as unethical because the chimp was taken from its natural mother. And this new effort, the research team wondered if, if dismissal of these findings was done in absence of attempts to duplicate their efforts to find out that might've been the case. They searched for the video evidence of such attempts at training and found three videos showing evidence that chimpanzees can be taught to speak human words in a rudimentary way. I'm Scared to hear this. It's gonna be so terrible. That's Cute. Can you say, mama, mama. Mama.


Is this for mama? Mama. You love your mama. You love mama here, sweetie. This is for you. But that, well, that's just a grunt. It's for You. My dad. No, I'm saying mama, dude. Yeah, but I, It doesn't know what it means here. Boy, John. Well, let's see it Say other things says cup. That sounded like It sounded like mama, but doesn't mean the if. If you can Here, good boy, John. I love you. Love you Johnny. Do you like that? Is that good? You could teach Huskies to say, I love you too. Mm. I guess that Maria teacher say that noise Mama, That chi the chimp doesn't think that the owner's its mother.


Right. It doesn't understand that. Right. It's what's saying that what? Yeah, absolutely. Right, right, right. So even if you speak, it's saying the noise. Right, right, right, right. It doesn't understand what its, it's what saying Yes. That is different. So they know that they could teach gorilla sign language though. Right? Right. But the interesting thing about I think with that, that might be overblown because my understanding is the, the gorillas never asked questions. Right? So it's always a response to a cue. And gorillas are extremely intelligent. It's not on dispute, but like, what are they act? Are they mimicking, knowing, gets them what they want? 'cause I, I know that the, what's the most famous one, Coco called? It's, it was mad once supposedly she, he, it was Coco boy male. Let's put, Well, that's a kindergarten teacher decide, Or our next president.


And you See that meme? Yes. And Coco called her like a dirty toilet devil. Whoa. And I'm like, a gorilla doesn't know what a devil is. Right. You can't teach a gorilla The concept of devil. That's not a word. Right. Right. Yeah. That's ridiculous. That is interesting. So maybe they don't know how to express themselves, but they can crudely interact with ideas. So it's not as simple as maybe they don't even have a sense of self to the point where they can express themselves. Like, I am hungry. I'm very tired right now. I'm tired of doing these tricks for you. I don't like this. The other thing, I don't wanna be in this cage anymore. The other thing that really blew my mind is they had a thing where they taught dogs. There's two pictures. Is it a boy Sometimes used the sign for devil as an insult.


She also named a parrot devil tooth after initially being frightened of it. And the famous joke, aristocrats told by Coco the gorilla cocoa says, devil Ingrid. It was a girl. Okay. Cocoa was a gorilla who mastered sign language and raised kittens. She died at the age of 46. Oh, it's, but It's, you don't, you can't teach the concept of devil to an animal. That's not a thing. You imagine just being Trapped in a fucking building that's run by gorillas and they tell you what to do and they give you bananas and they try to get you to grunt at them. And you're like, oh my God, is there any fucking people around here? And how bad would that suck? Well, that's how bad it sucked for Cocoa. No, it didn't. Because they think it, because dogs think of us as the same thing as them. How do You know that cocoa does, maybe cocoa would've been way more happy with a bunch of gorillas.


Maybe. I Would think so. Probably. Dogs are happy with dogs. Dogs are happier with people. They're a little happier with people. Some dogs. Dogs. Dogs wanna be around people. Yes. Yeah. So there's an experiment. They ran And, I still don't understand what's going on in the dog's head, where they put up two pictures and the dogs were trained. If you see a picture of a dog, you hit this left. Or if, or dogs in the right. Hit the right and you get a treat. So they had some concept of dog. 'cause it would be like the whole dog or the dog's head or whatever. Right, right, right. So if you have two pictures of one, like the shape of a cat and the shape of a dog or a cow, they're the same shape. Right. But the dogs knew to choose dog and dogs look very different from each other. Right. So that was something that was, I thought, really fascinating.


Well, dogs know what a dog is versus like, Marshall hates squirrels. He tries to kill squirrels. Sure. But when he sees Carl, right, he knows absolutely. Even though Carl's squirrel size that Carl is a dog. Well, Carl's bigger than a squirrel. A lot Bigger. Well, when he was little, he wasn't okay. And he knew How big was Carl when Marshall first saw him? Five pounds. But that's got, that could be A, it is five pounds of fat squirrel. That could be a smell thing. I think it probably is. That's gotta be a smell. The dogs do not smell the same as rodents. It's probably also the way the dog interacts with another Dog. And, and the motion, the way they Move. Yeah. There's a difference. The rodents probably smell delicious. But visually, how is it gonna know that that's a dog on the screen? How's it gonna know that mar that Marshall's never seen a French bulldog. How the fuck did he know? But From smell.


Right. But I mean, he's probably like, what is this? This is a crazy thing. But he knows little, What is the thing little He knows little dog. He does. Yeah, that's true. My older daughter has a chihuahua. So he's, he's like been around little dogs. But they know that, like, they know that there's a difference between all kind. Like I had to teach him that he can't kill chickens. Okay. Because he's like, chickens are in the fucking yard. What are these things doing? He go, no, no, no. They are pets. I still don't trust em. Totally. But he doesn't chase after them and go out. But when he first saw 'em, he wanted to snap. I'm like, Hey, no, no, no, no. These are our friends. Like, he's like, what the fuck are you talking about? That Was in Call of the Wild too. Was it? Yeah. Like the dog like killed the chickens and the owner's like, don't do that.


And the dog was safe around them. But at that point, it just showed how smart the dog was. You can teach dogs to not do that. Yeah, of course. They just have to know that you'll be very upset with them if They do it. And they get it in their head and they go, okay, I got it. It's not just that they're upset, they, they know in group versus out group. So they know to be a guardian. Like, this is something I protect. Says something I eat. Yes. It's a part of the family. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And he doesn't even know, like, bro, you get eggs. These are awesome. Eggs are good for you. Don't kill 'em. Stupid for short term gratification. I went to the bathroom once. And I had just gotten home and opened the door, let him outside. And I took a leak. And then as I closed the bathroom door and flushed, he had a squirrel in his mouth. I was like, dude Alive. Not anymore. Okay. But he just got It.


Well, sometimes the dogs will bring you like a living thing that they caught. They're just mouthing it, like birds or whatever. I had, Oh, he, he's a hunting I mean he's a golden retriever. So, But are they really hunting? Yeah. They're bird hunting dogs. They're retrievers. That's what retrievers are For. I thought they retrieve it after you've killed it. Yes. Yeah. I mean you use them in hunting to retrieve. Okay. But they go after the animals too. Like if the animal's wounded or whatever, they'll go after. Got it. Got it. Okay. But they wanna bring it to you. Oh yeah. So he is like, like his instinct is to bring this fucking, I open up the bathroom door to stand there with a squirrel on his mouth. Proud of himself. Yeah. He got lunch. Don don't know what to tell him. I mean you can't bring it back to life. I'm not gonna discourage him from this activity. Did you let him eat it? No. They do react to videos though, which wouldn't be smell.


'cause I've seen Carl even like watch I a line that popped up on like, YouTube and he just started fucking, freaking out. Yeah. It's like, what did he, what the fuck did he see? Yeah. I If You bark in this room, Carl will go crazy. Is that true? Not, Yeah. Won't do it. but I, I could do a really good dog. It sounds like. I get a low growl and Carl will like pop up And. I. Don't wanna do it. 'cause if I do it, he will, he will go bananas. I was, I was having so much fun with him waiting for He's the best. I I love Frenchies. He love so much. Fucking Throws himself at you too. I know. He almost got my chin. He leaps. It's a little frog. Yeah. Try to bite you. He's such a little character. They're, they're only bred to be fun.


Yeah. So if a dog could talk, they'd probably be annoying. Like, Ooh, No, gimme food. Gimme food, gimme food. Gimme Food. Go play with the ball. And not right now, dude. I'm working. How about No. Yeah. And they think your, your whole day's spent going hunting for dog food. Exactly. That's, they think you leave to get dog food. That's what they think you're doing All day. Well, you kind of do in a way. It's not All day, but in a way you have to go fund that stuff. But it's, it, it is weird that like our thoughts of intelligence are based on communication. Like, I wonder if we could dec decide. So they think they're gonna be able to do that with ai. It's one of the more interesting things about ai. They think they're gonna be able to decipher dolphin languages. 'cause we Right, right now we know they talk, we know they have accents.


We know they have dialects. We don't know what they're saying. What they Funny if they're like really racist against the killer whales. There was a bit on that, like the Chappelle show. Really? Yeah. About a dolphin That was racist, wasn't it? Chappelle show? It was some one of the sketch shows. But I mean, what are they saying? Well, they're also really horny. Oh, they're not just horny. They're, they, they kill babies so that they make sure that the woman keeps Breeding lion do that too. Yeah. So the women fuck as many as the male dolphins as they can. Just so that they're protected. 'cause it might be my kid who knows. Let's not kill the kid. Yeah. Female lion do that too. Males. Males and male cats. Oh Yeah. They kill the other ones. Yeah. They kill the kittens. Yeah. Yeah. But they'll, female lines don't fuck as many no males as they can.


Right. But dolphins do that. 'cause intellectually the dolphin realize, oh, I fucked her. That could be my baby. Wait. No, no. I think female cats can have more than one ma parent in their litter. Right? Yeah, I think so too. Yeah. Yeah. This, it's so interesting. Like, I, I would wonder if in the absence of human beings, like imagine if something came, some magical switch got popped and human beings disappeared from the face of the earth. I wonder how long it would take for an equally intelligent animal to emerge, if ever. Oh, that's because we haven't been around that long. That's certainly not this smart. No, it's been what, like 50,000 years if that.


Well, hundred, 200,000. Well Just push it back a little more now. And then there's also some new humans. They're discovering like the Dennis Ovens, which I don't think they even discovered them until it was somewhere in the two thousands. And you know, we don't, we don't even have the full fossil record of human species. If you find something 10 years ago and it's a new kind of human, which the Dennis Os are. Right. Like who fucking knows how long we really go back. but I think, they think we go back in this form roughly a couple hundred thousand years. Right. That's not, that's nothing. It's A blink of an eye. And then the Neanderthals, they lived a lot longer. They were around for like a half a million. Weren't they smarter than us? Not necessarily. We don't know.


We know they were a lot stronger than us and they ate primarily meat and they were like much more rugged. I thought people who have hired Neal DNA tend to be more intelligent. Yeah. don don't know if that's true. It's interesting. I don't know if that's why. Either. Because sometimes hybrids hybrid vigor. Yep. Yeah. Hybrid vigor. That's the term for it. That could be something along those lines. Or it could be like, maybe the ones that interbred with Neanderthals like had to become much more intelligent in order to overcome them. Like we, we would just assume that Neanderthals were brutal because But humans Were brutal then too. Exactly. Yeah. Humans were brutal. And Neanderthals, like apparently they went after a big game and they made weapons and tools and a lot of 'em had broken bones and they had much more dense bone structure than ours.


Which only makes sense that they were brutal if they were doing that. Sure. They, so they were probably ruthless in every regard. And we probably had to kill them off. And we probably merged with them in some sort of a way too. But they think the merging was almost all Neanderthal males and homosapian females. Okay. They think that's The, because isn't like virtually everyone have a big chunk of Neanderthal DNA. Not Everyone. Mostly white European people have. Oh, okay. Yeah. Africans generally don't. Oh, okay. Yeah. It's, it's just interesting that all these different kinds of human existed along with like that hobbit man. I Was just gonna say. Yeah. I didn't they find out that he was actually just like a dwarf? No, that was some speculation.


By some haters. It was the hobbit haters. It was some, some anthropology haters. So you didn't discover this. This is bullshit. Something Gets Shot in that. I think it's pretty much been established because of the amount of bones that they found that this is a very specific animal. Okay. And they think that this very sp also, there's a legend of these things. And I think in his Vietnam, they call him the orang pen deck. And that this small hairy man has been, this has been a legend forever. Well, I Thought that was supposed to be what the orangutan was based. 'cause the orangutan was found fairly recently. It wasn't like the 1840s something crazy. I think gorillas were found in the 19 hundreds. Yes. Yeah. There's something, something nuts.


That's interesting. I think the orang pen deck though is, is an actual little tiny person. Little tiny hairy man. but I think orangutan means hairy man of the forest. Interesting. I think so. Maybe they're related. Maybe it's just like the etymology of the words. Who know? Yeah. Who Knows. But that, that little creature, that little hairy creature had been talked about forever. And everybody thought it was just bullshit. Dragon. Everyone has like dragon ELs dragon and dwarves like dragons. The Yeah. You Think dragons are real? I had this big argument with my friend Jesse, not that long ago. Because it is, whenever, here's the thing, when you have every culture on earth having the same kind of myth, it's like there's gotta be some starting point. Like something's popped this off. Right?


Yeah. And Forrest Ante, who's a, an actual biologist who studies wildlife and he, he actually, he's done a lot of work trying to find the Tasmanian tiger. The Thine thine. Yes. They're over in Australia trying to find that Guy. They're trying to climb him again. I think he's somewhere else. I think they're in New Guinea or somewhere looking for live versions of it. But whatever He thinks it might be a real, there's a whole YouTube video of him describing it on this show that he thinks Dragons dragons were a real thing. But What does seems mean possible by drag. He obviously doesn't mean flying giant lizards. He doesn't mean It's some large lizard creature. Some large, you know, like probably terrifying predator. But that existed. Maybe a hold look. We have crocodiles, Right? No, we have ccro dragons. Yeah. Acro or a holdover.


And I was watching this video, this, I'm getting this guy on the podcast soon, but his video is about sightings in the 18 hundreds of crocodiles in the Congo that might've been as many as 50 feet long. Okay. Yeah. But it's I mean those, those measurements are so easy to kind of exact. Especially if you're scared so chasing You. Sure. Sure. But they, they measured it up to the boat that they were on. Okay. And there's been a few of them. Like one of them they saw that they think was about 40 feet. They know they found them. I think the biggest one they ever found was like 28 feet. It makes sense that those things, especially back then. Yeah. Look at the size of that fucker. This is the drawing of what it looked like. Yeah. 'cause don't crocodiles keep growing their whole their lives.


Their lives. Yeah. And they lived forever. Yeah. They Lived forever. So they had one that died of asphyxiation. He died in captivity. And, I. Think he was 28 years long, or excuse me, 28 feet long. But I, what would a dragon, how would it be a drag? Like there's no question. There were giant reptiles in this, still are on earth. So what is a dragon going to literally mean it's not gonna have wings. Right. Who knows I mean? It's Not gonna be a fire Had wings. It probably doesn't breed a fire. No, that doesn't make any sense. Right. But if you thought about the history of large reptiles on this planet, Look at the anaconda. Yeah. That's no joke. That's that'll kill you in two seconds. Paul Rosalie told me he was in the Congo and or in the Amazon rather.


And he wrapped his arms around them and he, he couldn't get his hands touching. Yeah, They're gigantic. He's like my size. He couldn't get his arms around it. Think of how big that is, man, that's so insane. Right. He couldn't get his, he couldn't touch his hands around a snake. Right. And we know that the megafauna had been driven to extinction, so things used to be bigger. Yeah. There's also some sightings in the Congo back in the, I think the 17 hundreds or the 18 hundreds of enormous snakes. Snakes are like a hundred feet long, like huge snakes. Isn't there a photograph that someone took of an enormous snake, an old photograph out of an airplane. And they also just recently made forest elephants their own thing.


Forest elephants are different. Yeah, they're new species. They recategorize them as a new species now. Oh. And pygmy hippos. Oh yeah. People didn't think they were real. Like, oh, this hippo doesn't live in the water. So this is the photo. Oh Shoot. But it's hard to figure out scale. Yeah. This is from, what is it? From what? It's a fake. Oh, he says it's A fake, no, it's a fake, it's a crop photo of at Anaconda, probably one close to 14, 16 feet long, maybe 200 pounds. So this is, someone answered it. Oh. So it's one of those Perspective things Like, like also like the lochness monster, that famous photo that turned out to be horseshit and everybody shared it forever. So this is an old grainy photograph from 1950. So that's a fake. Yeah. It looks kind of fake now that I'm looking at it.


It looks I mean. It Looks shitty looks it looks real. But we don't know the per look. Go Look at it Perspective. But no, the lines look too clean. The lines around it. Like it's too defined. I see what You're saying. The bottom of it. It's like way too defined. Like the snakes, the outline of it looks, looks like someone drew it like it's a tattoo. It doesn't look like a, like the, the, the ground underneath it. Why would it have like shadows like that? What else is thing is like the, the colossal squid, which is like the biggest invertebrate was only discovered in like the seventies. Oh yeah. The largest spider was only discovered like 1981. Well some of those squids, those giant squids, they didn't get photographic evidence of them until fairly recently. Yeah. 'cause they leave, they live deep. Yeah. Sperm whales eat them.


You see that nutty one that looks like a crab that they found underneath one of those. It's like a new species that they found under a oil rig. What do you mean? They have this deep, deep camera under an oil rig and this fucking thing. Look at this. Oh, that's mega. Oh god. What's it called? Look at it. Its fucking length. It's a squid. Look At it's like crab like tentacles. And they have the elbows. They don't know what they're for me. Mega pinna it's called. Look at that fucking thing, Man. There's better footage of them. I mean that is an alien. If that was on another planet, if there was a planet that was filled with only water and we found that we'd be freaking out. Like, oh, we found alien life. Yeah. It looks like an alien. It Is. Yeah. And They don't know why the the, the fins are so Yeah.


There it's mega pena. The wildest thing to me is octopus octopi are so bizarre. They're not like anything else. They, they can change their texture and their color. Right. To exactly match what's below them. You know, they put them on like a cuttlefish too. They put them on like a checkerboard Yeah. To see what happened. Yeah. And they freak out. Yeah. They don't, it doesn't really work. do, Do you see they have robot cuttlefish now and the the male cuttlefish try to fuck 'em. Whoa. And they changed. Of course they did. And then they changed gender. The male cuttlefish is a little sneaky, like male feminists, cu Cuttlefish. There's two, there's the alphas and then the ones who pass this female. Yeah. And, and, and get them on the side.


Yeah. Little male feminists. Yes. They sneak in. Yes. They sneak into the women's Room. Yeah. It's like mattius. Yeah. Yeah. He's one of these shit libs on the internet who's like, oh, Biden's not really dementia. It's just the footage. It's like, okay buddy. Yeah. Shit. Libs are awesome. Are they? Yeah. How? They're fun. You should only take their opinion if you could go up a giant hill with them. Well, you push 'em off. No. See when you get tired and when you quit. Oh Yeah. What do you have in, how, how much is your opinion worthwhile? Or how much are you just a weak person? Not just weak, physically weak of spirit. There is I Weak of will I I this about a hike. It's like to toxic. That's the real toxic masculinity. It's these types with the glasses and the bag of Alarm.


Oh. It's very toxic because it's the kind of masculinity that attacks stronger masculinity by default. Yes. There's, there's no objective analysis of anything that's strong. There's no, there's no acknowledgements of certain merits. And there's no like looking at any positive. It's only negative. Yes. It's negative. Which is gives rise to guys like Andrew Tate, you know? Yeah. They're like, fuck you. They just stick it in your face. Suck my dick. Well This was a lot of the reasons people vote for Trump. It was just like, oh, I can't vote him. Well fuck you. I am now what? Yeah. Yeah. And what, this is the fear that people have of a lot of this, you know, overreach the government has in schools and all these different things. It's gonna give rise to like a very hardcore conservative uprising.


It's Not even, I would call it right wing, not conservative. Yeah. It's not conservative at right wing. Yeah. A radical right wing. Right. That, that's the fear is that things always go like that. If you go so far left, things are gonna go so far Right. To overcorrect. It's gonna be a movement. We, we've known this since time immemorial. Yeah. If you tell kids you're not allowed to smoke, it's like, oh, now I get to smoke and be a badass. Or I get, you can't have a drink. I get to drink and be a badass. You tell them you can't have these ideas. They're like, oh yeah, watch me now what? Right. Exactly. And it's radicalizing a lot of young people, which I think is wonderful, frankly. Well, it's fascinating because out of rebellion comes some of the coolest shit sometimes, you know, out of rebellion comes some of the coolest ideas, the coolest music. Real rebellion.


Yes. Resonates with you. It's just sad when you watch those dudes. It used to be rebels Like, like They get old and they just fucking gig conformist And tell you go get vaccinated. Yeah. Those guys. Yeah. So like Sad, real punk is going to do what Pfizer says. So sad. When you get old though, you get scared. All these kids are gonna catch that disease and I'm gonna Die. you know who the worst one of this is. Who? Stern don don't know anyone who's fallen as hard as shame as as Howard Stern, my Guy. He believes all those things he's saying. Which is crazy. You think so? Yeah. He believes all the vaccine stuff. He believes All those things that he believes, He believes all those things that you're a fool to not do it. You shouldn't be a part of society.


It's unfortunate. 'cause it's like, I don't know who he's talking to or what conversations he has or what he knows. you know, and I'm not saying that I'm a, an expert in any way, shape, or form, but I had, I was very lucky that I had access to a lot Of people. you know? So, you know Sanjay Gupta? No, Sanjay Gupta. I had access to a lot of people that explained things to me in a way that I'm like, oh, oh, well I thought, nope. Oh. So how do they get that information? That what Yeah, that's the rules. And the more you know about that stuff, the more you're gonna question these things. Everything in our society, if you, if there's a narrative, I guarantee you someone's making money off that narrative. Whether it's green energy or whether it's pro-vaccine or whatever it is.


It's a money thing. It's not a public health thing. It's not, they're not really concerned about climate change. They wanna make sure that you are concerned about climate change so you vote and so that they can get these fucking things through and they can get more and more control over You. I, I had Dr. Drew on my show and a big moment for him. 'cause he's, he's not a Jill Biden doctor. He's a real doctor. He, when Covid was hitting, he was asking very basic medical questions. 'cause there was this like instant certainty and randos were yelling at him on Twitter. And he's like, I went to medical school. Right. I'm not a tinfoil hat jackass. I'm like, this is just basic medical 1 0 1 stuff. And I'm not even saying they're wrong. I'm saying, how did you get to this conclusion?


Right? Like what's the, is this, are we certain this is the best approach? And the blowback people already forgot how insane that blowback was and how censorious the regime was in terms of, you know, just even just, and here's the thing. If there's an emergency, like let's suppose there's an asteroid hitting the earth. Let's brainstorm. Yeah. Like, let's, okay, what's gonna work? Let's try this. Let's try that. Right? Like we got, we got an emergency. We are not gonna know right away what's gonna be the best solution. But the way they were acting was like, no, no, no. This is the only way And I don't care if you have a negative vaccine test. You need to have a a, a negative covid test. You need to have AVAC vaccination passed. That's a year old to get into this restaurant. Makes no sense. The whole thing was very strange. It was very strange.


It must have been surreal for you being like the, one of the targets. Oh yeah. It was very weird. It was what? It was also so weird because the thing that they were targeting on me on was so dumb. It was so I listed a li i a list of things that I taken. Right. I we All watched it and they all went after this one thing. Like, boy that seems odd. Here's the way they went. You remember how they went after it? They went after it as if Joe Rogan goes to Petco. Right. And you wore like a Dave Smith disguised Sonoma recognized you and you grabbed the horse pace and you just inject it yourself. So inject It is hilarious Too. But, but that's kind of like what Yeah. The impression was right. Where it's like worst case scenario, your quack doctor told you to do this. Right. Worst case scenario.


But what's really crazy is that they did it with that particular drug. Right. That knowing the history of that drug, the fact that the guy won a Nobel prize on it for humans. Right. Knowing the fact that it had been given to billions, billions of prescriptions had been filled. And here's the thing, if they cared about being honest and saving lives, there would've been consequences. Yeah. And there were no consequences for any of these people other than you clowning Sandra Gupta in this chair. Well, there's also should be an understanding of why a person got through it easy and why some people don't. Right. Yeah. Because I want, I'm not that young. Wait, I gotta ask. You know, I gotta ask you, I gotta ask. Okay, let's get our tin foil more tinfoil hats. do, do do do do, do you think Biden really had covid last week, Two weeks ago?


It made him grow. If you get it when you're 81, you grow It. It's, it's called Grove. Maybe I gotta get a, Hey, maybe we should get some of that shit. I Wish. I know we could use it. I don't know. I don't know what, what to believe anymore. I don't, you know, it's, it's so hard when you saw the letter that was written and it didn't have the presidential seal on it. Right. And it wasn't his signature. No. So there's that. And then there's no video of him saying that until far later. Why would they even test him for it? Like if he had symptoms of like, it would, you would think it's the flu. Well, let's treat him like the flu. It's a good thing to say. Say he's got covid, like, oh, well Shut it down. But he wasn't wearing a mask. Shut it down. And and this idea of covid where you can't go on screen, Shut it down.


He's got the covid, he's gonna give it to you through the screen. Well also it's like if you're 81, you get covid. You're not, it's not looking so good for you. Like, you're like, I don't care if you're the president or somebody else. Like it's a bad scene. Why? I read something again red. It might not be real, but they had given him 10 doses of paxlovid and then one of my friends was a doctor. Was like, that is way more than you're supposed to use someone. Wow. Like why would they give 'em that? Find out if that's true. 'cause that might have just been some, here's the thing. We are dealing with so much misinformation. So many trolls, so much bullshit. It's so hard. Six dose of paxlovid on Saturday. And according to his doctor, he's improving steadily.


Biden 81 tested positive for COVID-19 while campaigning in Las Vegas on Wednesday. He self isolated his home in Delaware while receiving the oral antiviral pill. Do, how many are you supposed to take of those six doses? That seems like a lot. What is the side effects of paxlovid? Does it have any side effects? You turns your wife into a selfish, silly, entitled contest Only according to your son. The rest of my favorite video was when after the debate you answered all the questions. I You did great Joe. He's Like, oh, you just stand there. Like he's gone. We've all seen a guy like that. If you live long enough and you have grandparents Yeah. Or you have friends, grandparents, you're gonna see someone like that.


This is the end. And when she's talking to him and like she's got power for the first time. Yes. That's What I was saying. Yeah. Like she's doing, talking at like speeches and stuff. Dude, she's up there talking. It was like misery. Ooh. She was Kathy Bates. Oh my God. She's like, I've got you in my house. You're staying here. Here's the other thing that's funny. How badly do you have to fuck up a debate to lose your house and your job? Like that is, I think historically unprecedented. How do you lose His House? He's getting kicked outta the White House. Oh yeah. Well he's still, he's allowed to be there to the end, right? Yeah. But they're Not allegedly this Tall guy. They're not renewing the lease. Once he got taller, I think he's gonna change things. Yeah. Yeah. Because he on these new drugs, he's gonna, he's gonna say, listen guys, gimme another chance of this, this stuff that made me grow six inches.


Like I fucking got it man. do you Not only do I got it, I think I'm better than I've ever been before. I, you know, I sent away for this drug that would grow me by six inches and it was a fraud. I'm still at four. Well you can get those things done where they break your leg and stretch you out. Oh, there was a guy called, what was his name? He's deleted his Instagram. He was like this powerlifter. Oh, I saw that guy. Yeah. Yeah. Did he delete it? Yeah. Probably got tired of people shitting on him. Yeah, It was, He was a giant guy already. Yeah, he was like what, 2 86 2. Yeah. And he wanted to be six Eight. And he, and he thought he was small So he got his legs. That's by dysmorphia. And he was away from his family for like a year. Oh my god. Got my knees done. Was that his handle? I think Yeah. Yes, yes, yes. Yeah. That's crazy. There's a lot of people that have done that.


They've got their legs and even their arms. They've got their arms lengthened. Well, If you're gonna get the legs, otherwise you look like a penguin. Right. You look Weird. Unless you were a dude with like crazy long arms to Begin with. Isn't trying to balance it out isn't the thing. Well you can't ever walk. You can't run anymore. We thought that too. But you can, there was a guy that Jamie found that got it done. Okay. And he shows the difference. And then you see him sprinting That. And that man's name is Joe Biden. Nah, it's so quick. He grew six inches in a week. This new one that they have is just way better. It's just a pill. It's paxlovid, six doses, six inches. Imagine if it cures Covid, but you grow an inch. I I love guys would be like, oh, I got Covid, The, Joe Rogan Experience sponsor right back slope.


It'll get you taller. Forget that horse base. At the end of the fucking five seasons from out my head, scraping on the ceiling become a freak. Like that guy, that famous guy from the, you know, that guy from the 1970s there was like a beautiful handsome man. And then he kept injecting stuff into his face. No. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Hold on, I'll send it. 'cause I sent it to Tom Segura. Me and Tom Segura send each other the most horrific shit that we can find. I get boomer memes from you. Yeah, those are fun. They are fun. Boomer memes are fun. I'm sitting here, I'm like, Joe Rogan is just texting me a boomer I I send you. It's so fun. And if I can get a smile on Michael Miller's Face. It works. I'm serious. I gotta find this dude. I send Tommy so much shit. We send each other so much shit. Our feed is just a gross disaster.


I know. Oh, this is the old time. Hold on. I got, he's got a new phone number. The be one i the one of the best texts I ever got. I got a text from Roseanne. She said W2 F with two question marks. And I thought, okay, she's a boomer. She sees something on her screen, she thinks I could see it too. And I'm like, what do you mean? She goes, you don't call me like, what's going on with you? I'm worried. It was so sweet. Alright, Here it is, Jamie. I'm gonna send it to you. don. Don't know what the fuck this guy was doing. I guess this is all, why is this not? Here we go. I just sent it Jamie. So this is what he well I want you to see the whole thing. Okay. Because it starts out in 1969.


He's gorgeous man. Like beautiful, handsome man. And then over time homeboy goes crazy. Go full screen. So he could see like a Oh, So 19 days, beautiful, handsome man. Now starts getting a little weird in 88. but I think that's just age. That's 91. That's just age. Yeah, just age now. Oh, then you start getting weird. Oh no, this is the beginning. My, oh I Know the sky. 2004. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Now it gets crazy. Look at the chin. Something's going nutty. Now the cheeks. Look, he's trying to avoid the wrinkles. So he is turning his face into a fucking balloon. Oh God. And I. Guess it's just body dysmorphia now. 2010. But it gets the lips real cra.


Now he's done his lips. 2013 it starts getting real crazy. Look at that. 2015 God I mean. Now it's just nuts. Now that looks like you got attacked by a Beast wig. That's gotta be a wig or Something. Something. Look at that. I mean Jesus Christ. And it gets worse. So the head keeps getting bigger. Look at 2019 I mean. That's just absolutely insane. Now if that, look at it. Now if that guy just let himself age, he would just be an old good looking guy. But instead he went nutty. 'cause that's body dysmorphia where people can't see what they look like. Yeah. I had body dysmorphia. I got I not to not facially, but body and it, it's gone away. Do you know what, you know what stopped it?


I'm not even kidding. I've talked to you about this a little bit. A few things did it, but this was like the moment where I, I I was like, okay, this is done. I was at Gold's and there was a young dude there, early twenties I'd say, who had striated delts. And I was like, wow, that's so cool. And then my brain said to myself, I swear to God this rabbi, I go, you were just at the Tesla factory at two in the morning with Joe Rogan, Elon Musk and Jordan Peterson. And you go tell that kid that you think you're jealous of his s Stride Dels. And he will look at you like you're a crazy person. And that was when it clicked. Like, holy shit, this is fucking insane. No one cares about your fucking s strided Dels Except your girlfriend.


No, they don't care. You don't think So? They Don't fucking care now. They think it's gross. Really? Yes. Which girl are you banging? They, they don't like that mus, that bodybuilder build at all. What do they like? When we were At Chris Helms Worth When we were Finlay or F over, Do you know what else it was? When we were at the mothership opening night, this guy came in And. I've met him since. don don't remember his name. He was a bodybuilder, like in his fifties. The chillest dude. Really nice. Very friendly. No attitude. I, I'm sure you know who I'm talking about. I again, don don't remember his name. His name is Chris. Maybe immediately everyone in the room is like, this guy's outgroup outsider. It wasn't like, this guy's cool. It was like, he's not one of us. And, I saw the energy change And.


I'm like, holy shit. If this was something people thought was awesome, everyone would be treating him very differently. Well it depends on the group that you're in. Of course it depends on the group. This would, this was the normal. People don't look at, they look at that as freakish. Not as as admirable interest. When girls have those huge implants, at a certain point it's not hot. It's just like there's something wrong with You. Right. You went crazy. You went crazy. Yeah. And that's what happened to that guy's face. Yes. You went crazy. Yes. But isn't it interesting that there's something wrong with us where we can't see what we really look like? We can't, we can't. Perspective is, it's very difficult to acquire when You, When you're in the middle of that mental illness, when you, When you realize like, holy shit, my brain is lying to itself. It's very scary.


Oh, it must be. When you look in the mirror and you see your face, you're like, oh my god. Oh Him. don don't know. What does he see? Who knows? Man, And I. Think once you've got to that point, like what are you gonna do? You gonna get it removed? Well then it becomes your thing. Right. Well don don't Know. You're the guy. That guy. Oh god damn. 'cause could have just got a face lift buddy. Yeah. Get fucking crazy. What, what's her name? Just something. They're Twins. So you were seeing maybe both of them during that? Oh yeah. Well they both do it. They both have the same thing. They both have the same issue. What about Matt Gaetz? It was Matt Gates, the congressman. Oh yeah. He did his eyebrows. Not just, he got cheek. He got something with the cheek too. Oh, did he? Yes. Whoops. He, yeah. You can't do that if you're a public person and all of a sudden your eyebrows are like a and A dude.


A 45-year-old housewife. It was From Yeah, he looked like a real housewife. Yeah. Like Miami. Yeah. He's got a frozen forehead. It was No, but the cheek implants and, and And. I Dunno was implants. Oh, it was fillers. Yeah, it was, yeah. Fillers. His implants are fillers. It was something nuts. Isn't it crazy too for I thought a was Photoshop a politician? A politician? Like your wrinkles and your, the weather look in your face is actually good for your career. No it isn't. Who, who? You Don't think so? No. Oh. I think so. I think if you look at a guy like RFK, the, the voice is a problem. But the, the way he looks, the, the fact that he's this like intelligent worldly guy that's like seen a lot, had a lot of life. You don't want smooth face, dude. you know? That's crazy.


That is literally Crazy. That's cheekbone stuff. Come on. Yeah, That's, I think it's, And the nose too looks Well it's tough to tell 'cause it's a different angle. But there's definitely Something that's not a natural nose. And I should know. YY you might be right. Ah, wow. But the, for the forehead and the eyebrows are crazy. Okay. Maybe the nose is natural from that angle. I could be Wrong. But that's, that is a crazy look. That's a crazy look. But the thing is like, he used to be like the, the chubby kid. Ah. So I'm sure in his head right, he's still always gonna be that chubby slob kid. Even though like, Matt, you look fine before. Yeah Man. But it's again, with like these, at a, with these body bills, it wasn't gonna get bigger. They're never happy with like, dude, you hit two 40.


Just like you're fine. You know how we could save society? We should Have a, by electing Harris as president. Yes. And then have a reality show where all the Congress people have cameras that follow 'em all and get, get to know the real them. Oh God. Well it's called Veep. See 'em in their house. Right. Except that's not a reality show. Julia Louisie Drey has blocked me. 'cause she was saying, go, go out and vote. And I go. You won five Emmys for showing that politicians are all sociopaths blocked. She's blocked. Yeah. but I don't blame her. But it's true. It is true. But is you don't blame her that she blocked you. I don't blame her. Really? I, I block people very liberally. Like I'm not here, do you? I'm not. Yeah. I don't hear You just block people. Yes, of course. Fuck 'em.


Well, Don don't, I'm not there to be annoyed. Right. They Can disagree with me. That's fine. But if you're gonna be playing Gotcha games, I don't I don I don hear it. Block blocked. That's Lex. Lex is a blocking fool. Lex. Oh Lex. He's worse than me. All my people like, can you get Lex to unblock me? I'm like, He just wants positive interactions. Only I, which Is fine. I mean, but it's not the internet. I mean, but I guess you could cultivate a place where you only have positive influences or, Or you could have negative in the sense of respectful. Right. Or negative in like Right. But or like, it, it, the thing is with the internet, whenever there's a question mark, it instantly becomes like an improv show.


And like, as any improv show, it's, it's, it's just torture. It's just like, it like, these are not funny. Like everyone says the same stupid lines. It's, it's, it's rough. And the, and don't get me started in the boomers. My god. What do You mean by a question mark? Like if I say, is it just me or is it blah blah blah? Or like, have, why, why is my body at my age still making you farts? And the things that they reply, some of 'em are gonna be very funny 'cause it's farts. Right. But some of them are just gonna be like, oh my God, just relax. And so I, I avoid question marks as much as possible. Well there's a lot of Like very angry people out there in the world. Yeah. No shit. And they love to express themselves in this very strange way on, on social media.


It's a strange way to interact with people. And they love it. I do like if I go to someone's feed and all their comments are just hostility, you suck. Fuck you. You gotta block those people. You don't want that energy around you. Yeah. You don't want it. And it's not don don't know how many of those people are even real people. There's a few of those People. I think there's a lot of real people like that. Come on. A hundred percent. But there's also, anytime there's a politically charged issue or a person who's engaging in politically charged issues like you do, you're going to have a bunch of bots that are attacking you and a bunch of bots on your page and a bunch of people that aren't real people. There's a lot of 'em. I, and I'm sure you're aware, I thought that that was nonsense and it's not.


And I've seen enough receipts that it's like, holy shit, this really is a thing. Well you know that FBI guy, the former FBI analyst who said that it's, he estimated it's somewhere in the neighborhood of 80% of all accounts on Twitter were bots. 80, 88 0. Holy crap. Yeah. don don't know if he's right. but I know that they wouldn't, they wouldn't supply Elon with the information necessary for him to find out whether or not it's more than five. Which is what they were claiming they were claiming somewhere in the neighborhood. But he, he said that they base that on like a hundred accounts, like a random 100 accounts. Okay. He's like that's do small of a sample size, but 80 still FBI agent confirms Elon Musk claim of under counting bot accounts on Twitter by conducting his own research. So what his estimation was 80% I believe.


Was it Say where it says that? Yeah. Yeah. Right there. Right at the top Jamie. Oh, here it goes. When I consider the volume of velocity of automation we're seeing today, the sophistication of bots that a given set of incentives is likely to attract and the relative lack of countermeasures. I saw in my own research, I can only come to one conclusion. All likelihood more than 80% of Twitter accounts are actually bots. This of course is my opinion. But I mean there are bots where like if you reply something, all the replies will be like, oh, check out Bitcoin, blah blah blah. Sure. But that are Then there's also those more sophisticated bots. Yes. Where like if you're gonna go after Trump or go after Biden. Right. They're gonna swarm you and be like actually blah blah blah Blah. Yeah. 100% And I bet all the candidates use them.


I mean, I bet it's just, I bet it's legal right now. I mean, I don't know I mean it was essentially propaganda. Right. But they Have live bots made out of meat. You have people like Brooklyn dad and it was system, they're bots, Right? Essentially. Right. What's that girl? Jojo? Whatever her name is. So how does that work? Are those people paid? Yes. Who pays them? Its either the DNC or the campaigns. We have the receipts for these people. Yeah. It's not just, by the way, it's not at all just the Democrats. There's Republican operatives as well. Let's make that very clear. Oh, 100%. I have a friend who has a Republican Instagram page and he reached out to me to tell me that people were contacting him, asking him to do videos. And that if he did those videos, they'd pay him money. It was like thousands of dollars. I want that. Like give me that goo like you can get that goo.


I'm for sale. Oh good. Yes. That's good to know. 'cause I've been talking to some people. And I was gonna breach this with you, but I'm glad you brought it up on your own. Perfect. That well how much do you charge to lie? Oh, lying. I do for free. It costs money for teeth to tell the truth. But, But propaganda, if you wanna be a bot, like who would you be a bot for the Libertarians? God, are you kidding? No Anarchy. Who would I be a bot for? you know who I'd be a bot for? Who? Batterman. I kind of like him. I love him. I like him now I love, I used to think, why isn't that guy, I donated his campaign. I used to think, why is that guy put a suit on? Then I realized, why don't I put a suit on? Exactly. you know, I have like this fucking huge podcast. And I wear hoodies.


He wears hoodies. His Whole point is he's My people. I shouldn't be taking seriously just 'cause I'm a sender. And. I gotta tell you, for me to say something positive politician takes a lot. The barrier is so low for someone to go on public record and talk about his mental health problems, that could help a lot of people. And I thought it was very commendable to him to do that. Also, watching him bounce back from his stroke. I know. I thought the dude was toast. Yes. We all did. Right? Because when you stumble with words that bad and you struggle with thinking that bad, but it was just post-stroke. But then we're here we are. Was it like at least how two years later? Yeah. Two years after Stroke. 2022. Yeah. It seems fine and reasonable and like saying a lot of stuff that he's, he's like, I'm a progressive.


This is not what I stand For. No. He said, I'm not a progressive anymore. Right. Used to be. And he used to. He used to be what a progressive, what he thought of a Progressive. Yeah. He was the the first one to tell Menendez to resign. And now Menendez is resigning from his own party. So I, I love him. By the way, Senator Fedderman, if you want to join with me and do a remake of twins, I'm totally down. Do you think that guy would ever run for president? I Hope so. See, he's a reasonable, like actual, He'd wait in two seconds Left wing person because He's reasonable. He's a moderate. Right. But would they ever let a guy like that even get close? Like would they Tulsi Gabbard him? Well, T was a was only a congresswoman from Hawaii. She didn't have a big base. Right. And she ran against Bernie. She wasn't a governor. Right.


And when Bernie was her guy and she ran against him, metals with Warren. So they're splitting that ticket three that base three ways. I think he'd have a great shot, don't you? I do. I do now. But Getting past the primary would be tough. 'cause the machine wouldn't like him. 'cause Hess not reliable. Biden was reliable. He's a party hack. And he would do speeches with a hoodie on. Yeah, look at This guy. This is outrageous. But But, but is it Outrageous? No. His whole point is, we work for you. Yes. No, no. He's very reasonable. I'm shocked because I used to make fun of him. I used to think like, this is so crazy that this guy can't talk and he's gonna run for governor. And then he won. I was like, oh, well that's, but he won against Dr. Oz. Who's the worst? Well, you know, the guy got brought up in front of Congress for making fake weight loss claims.


You Don't go from supporting Jesse Smollett to being a Trump supporter. Right. You're complete phony and a clown. And what was even funnier was when Oprah came out and twisted the knife and endorsed Fetterman at the last minute. Did you remember that? Oh, and he was her boy. Oh wow. Yeah. Interesting. Oprah Did that. Oh yes, she did. Fetterman. Now I wonder how many people that endorsed him back then will endorse him now that he's like outside of The, I don't think he got many endorsements. But I mean how many people that were like okay with him are still, you know. Yeah. Because if he's speaking the way he's speaking and talking about these issues, You know what, what could make it happen? What I if if Trump wins again, there's gonna be a lot of soul searching in the Democratic party about like, hey, where we lose track that we're losing to who they perceive as this complete puts.


And that would be an opportunity for some like Federman, like it was for Clinton in 92 to be like, okay, I'm gonna steer this party back to where middle America is. Right. And we could win on that, those terms. Well If they were gonna do that, wouldn't they have done that after Trump's first term and instead they ran with Biden? Well they could have, they didn't do that for, from first term. 'cause First of all Hillary got millions more votes. Second of all, they were too busy losing their minds to think strategically. This would be a little Different after I mean after after. So, but after they ran with Biden, there was plenty of like young, enthusiastic people that could have ran with Yeah, But I think Biden for them. You knew he was safe. He's a safe democratic vote. you know, he is gonna say he's gonna play the party game. And he's kind of tried and tested also.


Like he knows how Washington works. It's kind of like one of those things where it's like, it's Hard to hate. It's my term Hard. It's my time. It's, yeah. It's hard to hate him 'cause he's just this sad old man in a basement. Mm. It's gonna be a lot. It was a lot easier. I don't think it would've been as easy to put over Klobuchar or Buttigieg. They certainly don't want Sanders. 'cause he'd be a loose cannon. Yeah. They didn't want Sanders at all costs. but I don't believe Buttigieg would work either. He says a lot of salad talks. A lot of word salad. Yeah, he did. Now he's a kid. Yeah. Like you don't come from South Bend to pre First of all how he also raised, here's another reason why I think she's in trouble. Officer Harris Buttigieg raised more money than her. Yeah. How are you? Don't you think they're all just gonna get behind her? No, no, I do. But my point is, how if you in, when you're running for president in 2020, can't raise as much money as a, as a send from California.


Right. As the mayor of South Bend, Indiana, your Rolodex is not good. Right. But that is just trying to get through the primaries. Sure. But they weaseled her in there. Right. Shoehorned her right in. Which was always the fear when Biden was elected president. Yeah. But like, hey, if anything happens to him, look, I don't think it's a given that the people are gonna write the checks for her that they would've done for him. Is it said and done that she's gonna be the candidate for president? No, it's not. The conve The, she hasn't of delegates as of right now. But Harris raised 200 million Now. Do you know how that works though? Here's what's interesting about that. Have you ever, do you know what Astroturfing is? Yes, of Course. Yeah. So explain to people how They do that.


Well, Astro there's different ways to do astroturfing, But one of the things They do is they attribute, they attribute donations to people that didn't really donate them. But It's not only that, it's that there's no question that a lot of these donors led Thanks to James Carville, who's a democratic strategist for many, many years, James Carville said, hold your donations if Biden's a nominee, that's the only pressure you have. And they did, the donations trickle to a zero. And that's one of the reasons Pelosi and the others freaked out. Oh, once they switch, they're ready to write those checks again. The question is, it's July. Are you gonna be able to sustain this fundraising through November? And I don't know that she will. Really? Because she didn't last time. Okay. So what, There's no que one more thing.


There's no question that whoever is the nominee of either party is gonna get a fuck ton of money that's not in dispute. The question is, is she gonna be as as good as a Hillary? Right. Who had the Rolodex, the favors? It's my turn. She had Wall Street count, body count, body count. She had what? Wall Street? She had Hollywood. She had dc she had everybody. Right. Kamala Harris. No one likes her. Hmm. That's a big difference. But then people don't like Trump either, so that's a big problem for him. Right. So How could it work that they would get rid of her? How would that possibly happen? You mean the publicly or privately? All the above. 'cause it seems like, well, Privately you'd have to be black. You have to sit her down and be like, here's what's gonna happen. If you don't drop down yourself, then we're gonna do X, Y, and Z.


But She's already said she's running. Yeah. But she could, she who I mean who knows what they got on her. Did you not see the phone call she had with the Obamas? It was amazing. It was so candid. It definitely wasn't planned at all. Yeah. Just they happened to have a camera on her while she got a phone call from the Obama's. It was Beautiful. I I I am, I am surprised passing of the torch how quickly they flipped the candidate without any pretense of having some kind of competition. Well, I think they were feeling like they couldn't win, You know? Right. But the point is, I'm shocked that they went immediately with her as Plan B Because she is the one that is in the administration now, which means all the people that have jobs keep their jobs. So they're all very motivated. That's not what that means. Doesn't, no.


Well, she could get rid of some of 'em. That's what happened with, with when Lyndon Johnson took over. When George Bush took over for Reagan. They, they clean house. They bring in the wrong guys. Of course. You think she would do that? Are you kidding? She's, she would make it look like a Benetton ad. She's not. She's, she's the nominee from Netflix. Like she's, she's, she's gonna make it all, you know, DEI Who could possibly take over, like, how would They do that? They would have to, they would've had to have forced her not to declare, which would've been a very tough move. Because if she's not nominee now here's the, here's my four D chess. Okay. Four D chess. Four D chess With Michael. Malice Biden is like, all right, we put her up.


We know she's gonna lose. She can't go back to the, she's not gonna be governor of California. She's not gonna be senator. Her career's done. And that was his kind of legacy, like, you know, getting rid of her once and for all. 'cause otherwise she's gonna be the nominee or very strong case for it in 2028. Right. But don't you think that if she runs in 2024, that's very likely there's a possibility like more than 50 50 that she wins, don Don't think it's more than 50 50. Oh, interesting. I do. I don't think it's more than 50 50 At all. I think there's so many people that are opposed to the idea of Trump. That's true. Quiet people. Quiet people. They're quiet. They're not like the Trump people are loud, like the in support of Trump. They go to the rallies. They, they fill up stadiums. And so people in their head, they go, oh, he's more popular.


But the people that are not willing to vote for him, they're on the quiet tip. And they're, they're, they might talk amongst their friends and they might talk at work and they might, but they're not going to these rallies. She didn't even make Iowa last time, Last time. So we got us three months of h This is a woman who cracks herself up. 'cause she sees a school bus and goes, the wheels and the bus go round and round. You know? You didn't just fall off a coconut tree. Do You know that? Yeah. Her mom says that, Kamala, you did not just fall off Coconut Tree. You just in the context of, Yeah. So I think this is gonna be, and here's the other thing. How is it, you're going up for that debate and when Tulsi hits you with your record, you don't have a counter punch ready.


That makes no sense. She didn't have to, she knew they were gonna bury it, But she, she, they didn't bury it. And it ruined her Campaign. It ruined her career. It ruined her campaign. but I think at the time she thought they were gonna bury it. Well, yeah. So they weren't gonna, weren't gonna bring it up. They, she thought I mean there was a lot of people that were very high on her. They thought she was gonna be the one. They, it's True. Yeah. And they were wrong, but maybe they're right now. But they thought That about Biden too. Remember back in the day we got busted for plagiarism in 88. Never. He was never the guy. But he was running for president in 1988. Sure. But he, no I mean Delaware. Just like, but again, just like they took her out. They took him out. Right. But he came back and became president. Yeah. Like what, 20 years later?


Yeah. No, 40 years later. But this time has accelerated. 40 years is four years now. Plus she's got the experience, international experience of being the vice president of the United States And never the border czar. That never happened. That Never happened. You're Crazy. Despite the fact that people say she was the border czar, newly appointed border Czar. No, the Republicans made that up and had a time machine. It's a Cheap fake. Those are cheap fakes. Yeah. It's just such a wild time. And most people don't even the the average person that's going about their job and occasionally watching the news and occasionally paying attention to the newsfeed on their phone, they have no idea what's going on. How nutty it all is. Yes. But the, and, but until They do, it's like gradually then suddenly. Yeah.


Like with the Biden debate, if the corporate comedians had done, like Colbert and Jimmy Kimmel and all the other j Stewart's other bastard children had done their job and made fun of Biden for four years about being an old fart, that debate wouldn't have landed as hard as it did. The fact that it was a complete 180 for we were being told is what really did him in. Mm. So the more they're trying to hype her up now, and of course she's the new nominee. She's the greatest thing that's ever happened. She's basically another Oprah. Once she starts opening her mouth. And once, here's the thing that's gonna, I predict she's notoriously difficult to work for. The New York Times. New York Post covered this at the time. Wait until people who were trying to get her into the White House start leaking to the press about what a nightmare she is to work with.


Mm. That is going to undermine a lot of stuff for her too. Damn, Seth Rich, those post, she's not, she's not like Hillary. Everyone's, Linda was named Linda Bloodworth went to jail for Hillary people ride or die with her. Kamala's a different story. Well, she had a really high turnover of her staff. Right? 90%. That's great. What's normal? I don't know. But it's not 90 in like a year. Whew. Yeah. It, it's not just that they left, it's that they left and went to the press and be like, I can't, she doesn't do her homework. And then she yells at me for not being prepared. Like they went leaked. Yeah. People leave these offices all the time, but they don't leak. But it's just so wild that the media's all behind her now. Why is it wild?


Because it's interesting. It's just wild to see. It's like The 180. Yeah. The shamelessness. It's wild To see. Yeah, But what's even Wilder seeing it through Twitter. Yeah. 'cause you see their 180 switch and then people are like, you guys were just saying something different two weeks ago. Yeah. It's hilarious. Thank you Ilan again. Yeah. Oh my God. Thank you, Ilan. Because if it wasn't for him, First of all, he changes the watermark. Yes. For all the other ones, the things that all the other social media companies would have blocked you for more stuff is slipping through the cracks now. Right. It's less people are getting banned, I think, in these other social media networks because it's just, it highlights And, and in their defense, broadly speaking, what's the point of me banning this person if they're gonna be in these other nine sites or with one other site, then I, it's not actually accomplishing the purpose.


It's just a waste of time. Yeah. And I'm alienating potential subscribers or whatever users. Yeah. Yeah. It's wild man. It's a strange, strange time. Again, it's like the Colosseum people. But Do you know what's even funnier? Is that blue pilled people on the left have been told and believe that Trump is scared to debate her. Yeah. That's funny. They think this, You really think they think that. Yes. No, they don't have thoughts, but that's what they say. They think that because she's young. No, because she's a, she's a prosecutor and she's tough. Yeah. Tough. Hashtag girl boss. Yeah. And she, she's a prosecutor and he's a crook. So she's gonna put him in his place and everyone will clap.


That's gonna be interesting. If They do debate, they're gonna Do debate, help several if He lives. Yeah. Do you think they're gonna try to take him out again? Yes. Yeah. I do too. Yes. I Mean if they did that, this is not the only time they're gonna do that. And then also that one was so Lee Harvey Oswald, it was so, it was so perfect. Lone gunman at a Certain point, Take him out. If you're that sloppy, you're in on it. Someone had at least know that he was under threat and done a piss poor job. Didn't They didn't care. Yeah. That's the thing. I don't think that literally they worked with this crooks kid at all. You don't think so? I don't think so. What about the data that shows that someone from the near the FBI office in DC was visiting this kid back and forth, Being on, on their radar screen is not the same as like colluding with him, Meeting with him.


Right. I don't know that them checking him out is the same thing as he's working for. Because if he was working, Why would they check him out? Maybe he's, who knows why. There's lots of reasons to check somebody out. Point B, are you working For the government right now? Yes. Obviously. Are You, do you already get paid? I'm Mossad. Yeah. I get paid my shackles. I didn't know you Got Masad. Yes You did. I didn't. I Didn't know I gave you the briefcase. I didn't know. I didn't know. but I was scared. Point being, if you, I I think they just don't, didn't care. Right. And if it's your job to protect someone's life and you don't really care, right. At a certain point, something's gonna happen. Mm. The whole thing was very strange. It's just very strange kids. It's, it's also Passed. And it's Blackwater commercial Also.


And yeah. And also the idea that, again, the media is like me, whatever. Yeah. Yeah. It's fine. Yeah. Well it's also the news cycle today. It's so rapid. It's like working on an assembly line. Like you don't have time to check parts. You gotta put that fucker on. Is another one coming. And they were talking about the debate for weeks. True. And they were not talking about this. Like, they were talking about the debate. Do You think that they set him up? They knew Biden, that Biden was compromised? No. And they let him debate on purpose. No. You don't think? 'cause they could have said no debate. No. 'cause I think First of all, I think again, he's fine. The state of the union, he probably has good days and bad days. And even the bad days, that was probably exceptionally bad.


And I. Think he has his people. I'm the, I'm the president. Jill Biden, who's gonna tell Jill? No, I think at a certain point you believe you're own bullshit, don't you? Mm. Could be. Yeah. And I always, because it was so early though. But in their head, Trump in their head, we're gonna put a nail in the Trump coff and once and for all the guys, Hitler and a liar and all this other nonsense that they believe. So Joe's gonna come out there. He was, listen, look at his debate history. Paul Ryan, who was no, no dummy. He was very good against him. He was very good against Sarah Pale. And no wait. He was good against Trump in 2020. Like, they're just gonna nuke him. That's what they thought. I think.


Interesting. I don't think so. You think Jill set him up to fail? No. No. I think she's probably delusional. Like that guy with the shaking face. That's I'm his face. I'm She's delusional. She Is. Yes. but I think the people behind the scenes knew exactly what was gonna happen. Don don't think that was, I think if they had a debate, again, it's not 100% that it would be that bad. Again. That's interesting Because again, look at the state of the union. Like sometimes he's bad, but not that Bad. but I think, right? But the state of the union was not live. And Yes, it was. No. No. Did you see that? They found out that it wasn't that they, they looked at his watch and his watches. Wait no. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Do State of the Union analysis, Biden's watch.


No way. Yeah. Someone zoomed in on his watch and his watch was the wrong time. How could that even be? Well, It could be he's blind. You can't see what Thomas Watches, but all the networks on it. I don't know what they knew. How do you know what they knew? You just, you, you get a feed. you know? I don't think all the Republicans would agree to it too. Who knows? Because they're all there knows what they knew. They're all there live. Yeah. Or he's doing it. Yeah. Hmm. You got Mike Johnson behind you. You've got their wall audience crossing their hands when they don't like what you say. It's gotta be live. Let's see. I don, I don't see anything. State of the union wasn't live. I added watch. It could be some troll shit.


Don't see Anything about that. They got Me. Yeah. They could have got me. Well, there was no Biden's Watch, look at Biden's. Watch incorrect time. State of the Union. He doesn't ever watch as a Sundial. The guy's like, the guy's 5,000 years old. He's looking at the stars. A little sextant. That's Not why he has a face. No. President Biden's oval Officer just wasn't prerecorded a fake. That's the o It's not the state of the Union. Yeah. There is a fake image. They got me these sons of bitches. It's just amazing how much stuff is fake floating around. Say it again. Put it up. That's also not the State of the Union thing. Yeah, it's not the state of the Union, Was it? No, that was just him talking after whatever, when after he hadn't been seen for a few days.


Well, That I believe was, could have been prerecorded that I, that wouldn't make a deal. One big deal one way another, like, if you're giving a talk and you have something to say, you take Eight takes. Oh, so they use the wrong image from a different thing. Yeah. These cock suckers. It's just like that stuff. Like who's doing that stuff and why are they doing that stuff? Why are they having people talk about that and share inaccurate information? It's, I think it's to put everything into chaos so that you know, you have no idea what's true or what's not true. And then ultimately you, you don't know what to trust or what not to trust, which is a great way to get things through. Because then preposterous things can happen and you're like, what fucking Happened? And then you could honestly say, there's a lot of misinformation, so we gotta crack down on it.


Right. And they could probably be putting up some of that misinformation themselves. What they would do Some stuff that's easily provable. What They would do in Eastern Germany, the stai, they would infiltrate like some group, right. With a Stasi agent. And that Stasi agent be like, we should over with other government. And everyone else would be like, you're crazy. We don't want that. And they, they, they arrested for colluding with someone who wants over with other government. Oh my. He's part of your Group. Yeah. Well, like the, the, that one's nuts. 12 people or FBI agents outta the 14 that were gonna kidnap her, but They still act as if it really happened. Oh, it's so nuts, man. It's so nuts. It even Says there's pictures of his watch with the correct time on it that were taken inside the Oval Office.


Yeah. These cock suckers they got me. but I, I also don't think, why would that be a big deal if it was prerecorded? do do you know what I mean? If he's just giving A talk? Well, the, I the idea is that if he's pretending to be live, but really can't be trusted because he is so gone that they could edit it this way. But He's, I don't believe for a second he had a cold. So you think they just pulled a coup essentially. We, I Don don't think the coup is 'cause of covid or, or, or Cold. No, it could win it. Why would I? Okay. One thing that I think everyone, most people would understand is these politicians are power hungry people. Right. Why would I as president step down when I do have still a decent shot of being Trump again? And. I beat him last time. Got him outta the oval office.


Especially with Mrs. A sister, the ring. Right. Mrs. Doesn't wanna let the ring go. Right. So yet of course there was a coup Mrs. The debate. Right? Am I wrong though? Mr. Is so good at debating. Mrs was number one in his class. Number one. Right. Meis has a higher accusing you Don't, you think they had to go to threats? Yeah. I wonder What else would get him out of there. I mean, maybe they just talk sensibly to him. Said, look, do you remember When Kill the whole party because you don't wanna step down. Do you Remember when Chuck Schumer told Diane Feinstein, she's gotta resign.


And she agreed and then forgot that they had the conversation. He had to talk to her three times. Well, at the end, like she was having people behind her tell her what to Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. That was nuts. They were wheeling her around. Yeah. It's like, you ever see that video of the lady in Brazil who brings a dead guy to the bank? N no. He tries To get on the sign and Jack like, she's like holding his hand, trying, trying to get him to sign the money over to her. You never seen that? No. Holy shit. It's amazing. This lady brought a dead guy to the bank. No, I'm like, is that A person or dummy? He's dead. He's a dead guy. He's fully dead.


Try to get to a secure loan. She's like, no, no, no, it's fine. It's all good. Here, put that in your hand. Sign this right here. And they're like, oh my God, look at this bitch. I mean the guy's fully dead bank employees eventually calls the police who arrest the woman. She could say, well, he died on the way over. I didn't know he was dead. I thought he was just sleepy. Jesus just wanted to get some money. That's Our president. You have some respect. That's not our president. Yes it was. That's a dead guy. Brazil. That was Literally our president. Do you think Biden's alive? Yes. And if you think he wasn't alive, do you think they'd tell us if they have this body double out there, running around for national security reasons, don't you think they would just keep their mouth shut? No. 'cause I think it would behoove them if she got to be president Because Then she's a stronger nominee.


So if he was dead, then they would, it would be good because she would be the president then. And then who? And then they would, yeah. Hmm. But now there were rumors going around that during this window of time where he vanished from the face of the earth, which is not a thing that happens with presidents where you don't know where they are. Where he was like having a seizure or he was like this internet stuff. He Got abducted by aliens and they groom 'em. That's how he's better. Or bes above The aliens came along. He used the new tech. He opened The, the gateway. He gained six inches. Spry Pep in his step. I I, here's the question I have. I don't know if he's gonna be there, you know, January through January, right?


Right. Yeah. He's gotta make it. And I'm very worried about Taiwan. Yeah. Because If I'm China or if I'm Putin, now's the time to move. Right. We got a vacuum of leadership in the White House. Ooh, That's a scary one. You think he's gonna serve out the term? I don't know. When I see that guy that supposedly is Biden, I'm like, I don't know what's going on. Now. I, since we live in a simulation and I'm gonna spoil the best comedy of all time. Veep, at a certain point, Veep becomes president and then she's voted out like five months later. Oh. And since Officer Harris is basically Selena Meyer just like dipped in chocolate.


I don't think he's gonna be president through January. Wow. So who becomes vice president? She's gonna what? She's gonna pick one of these governors, right? Who's she gonna pick? It's either what? Roy Cooper of North Carolina. Andy Beshear of Kentucky or Josh Shapiro of Pennsylvania is the short list is what I heard. You know what They do? They do what? like a kind of an insecure comic does. That's the one I was talking about. Yeah. Yeah. Look at this one. Look at him walking. He walks. Look how tall he is. Look, he's towering over her. But Also how, how thick quickly he's walking. Yeah. He's got, he doesn't understand. He thinks he's walking like an old man. 'cause that's a 40-year-old dude. Very strange.


He definitely is walking way better. Yeah. Do you have, can you put a footage of Biden walking Jimmy? There's, there's also a kind of a power to his step. Like he's trying To walk slow. Slowly. Yeah. Well there's, there's an effortlessness to the way he's walking. This is again, armchair physiologist. Joe Rogan. When I'm looking at, Oh wait, look. Side by side. Wow. This Is from April or something. Okay. Which is the fake one. I'm not sure. The tall one on the left choreography. Acknowledging the body awkward on camera walks between the south lawn wing, his halting stiff gate. Well That looks the same as the the other one.


The one on the left does, yeah. That looks like this. See It again. Nah, that looks a little more effortless. Dude, look, he's look, he's much more casual. I mean he's walking with a little bit of stiffness to his arms, but is much more casual with his legs. Lemme see it again. I don't know. I might be fucking with my own mind. He's definitely taller though. Taller. Whatever the fuck. Taller That is taller. Yeah. That's the Thing. The the big one is this one. That's the big one. Yeah. Yeah. That one's nuts. That one freaks me out. 'cause look, he's walking fine. He's walking fine. And he's so big. Look how big he is. Like clearly bigger. Would you ever want to get a body double A Joe rug invited double.


I Have four of 'em right now. Do you? Yeah, they're doing sets all over the country and open mic nights. Oh shit. I just saw Joe Rogan. Can you imagine? Yeah. Well the thing is about like, you can find a tall, thin person. Well, you could probably find some short jack guys that could pretend to be me. Of course. Yeah. You just have to And there's enough this plan. Like, especially if you're just watching video. Yeah. So that's a different one. Yeah. See, okay. Yeah. That one's very slow. But also that could be the end of the day. But Also look at his posture though. The head's at an angle instead of straight up. Right. That's the difference for me. Well it's also he's, he looks like he's struggling there to walk. Whereas the other one of the new guy, the recent one, he doesn't look like he's struggling at all.


So this is the look how he's going up the stairs. Effortless man. Weird. He's going up the stairs like a regular person. Yeah. Not falling. Well, he is not struggling. There's like a, a hitch to the gate. Like what you saw at the debate when he had to step down off the platform, he had to do it sideways. Can We like a remember when she was asked about the debate by Stephen Colbert? So look at this one right now. So this is him walking in that other one. He's really struggling there. But again, that could be just like his mental ability. Yeah. It could come and go. Especially with that fucking juicy alien cocktail. They jazzed. Or it could be jet lag. Imagine if you really did grow six inches. It really is Biden.


They really do have some stuff. It rejuvenates you, but you also grow. Get on that shit in two minutes. It'll be a real problem. Why we we're gonna look like the Aki. Like that dude with the fucking rubber in his face. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We're all gonna be 10 feet tall. It's like, maybe that's what the Aki are, because the whole thing is that they're supposed to be way taller than us. I was talking to Kurt Metzker about this. Oh boy. And. I Love Kurt. He's just, he's The best. I know. I just, he Will go off though. He'll go off and his, his eyes get crazy and he gets to your face and he's fucking sucking on a vape pad. And then he, It's so great. And I'm just, gimme, gimme, gimme. Oh, he's the best. And he had, he had this whole thing about the typography of the different aliens and like, these ones hate these ones and Oh, these ones look white.


Yeah. These ones look like s And Kurt believes everything he, Jimmy Dorshow wrecked him being on that show. He was normal before he started going over there. Well, he, yeah. Well he was always crazy, but he was like a different kind of crazy. Yeah. But Don don't think Kurt's crazy because everything he says, I look up and there's receipts. It's based on Something. Oh, no, no, no. I, I don't mean crazy like incorrect. Right. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. It's a Maniac. Yeah. Yes. Like I'll show you the walls of text that he sends me. I'm sure he sends 'em to you. Yes. Of Course. Walls. He lives here now. Yeah. Walls Of, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Well I trucked him into moving here. Yeah. Good. But he's the best. And he's such a funny dude too. And his, his his ability to like have jokes. He's like a joke machine. But for any situation that comes up, just Comes out of him. There are two things Kurt told me that I think about like once a week.


'cause they're so funny. And, I'm just like, I'm in the presence of like a comedy legend. One is, he was talking to Patrice O'Neal and Kurt had just seen Fight Club and Patrice is like, oh, that the ultimate white people movie. And Kurt's like, what do you mean? He goes, oh, I don't have enough violence in my life. I gotta go seek it out and get, I want someone to punch me in the face. I dunno what that's like. He's like, yeah. So that was one. And then Kurt did his homework on Paula Ledine who got canceled because she used the N word once and he looked it up and it turned out that she said it when she was getting robbed at gunpoint as a bank clerk. And he goes, this is the most progressive old fat southern white lady ever. He goes, they should build a statue to her. That's really when she said it.


Yes. And dads will bring their sons and the plaque will say, she only said it once. Look son, this is a progressive. I didn't know that's what happened. Yes. A per per Curt. Please double check this. Yeah. You never know. He also told me that that plane that disappeared got sucked into a vortex for U UFOs. No he didn't. Oh yeah. He sent me videos. The Malaysian. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That one. Well, remember Don Lemon asked if it was a black hole on CNN, the dumbest man on formerly dumbest man in television. What if it was a black hole? Isn't it interesting watching guys like him without the whole production crew? And what About Chris Cuomo? Yeah. Yeah. F Fredo. Well, what Dave Smith did to him, holy shit. That was like Mike Tyson versus Marvis Frazier in the eighties.


It was A beautiful, beautiful thing. And it couldn't happen to a better guy. And it's, it's even funnier is, you know how Greeks like, Tanta like in the afterlife, he's always reaching for water or food and it's always out of his reach. 'cause he served his son to the gods of food. Like when you're on CNN like Rogan and these podcasts, even the audience is a hundred times bigger. It's like beneath you. 'cause they're like nothing. And I'm the real guy. And now he's gotta be a sidekick on Patrick. But David, no disrespect to Patrick at all. And he knows that every single person at CNN the camera guys, the door guy is laughing at what? A nothing in their eyes. He's become It's kind of genius by Patrick to put him on a show. Oh, it is personal.


Hell, It's kind of genius because you, you really can't escape not just what you've said, but the tendencies that you've developed and being on those broadcast networks. Kinda the sneering. Yeah. Condescending, Kudo. Kudos to Patrick. It's kind of crazy. It's hilarious. Yeah. Well, Elon did it too with, with Lemon with one Joe. Well, lemon wanted ownership. Well, it's not just that the way they had the conversation he was trying to do CNN outside C oh n That's how Elon said it. Yeah. Doing CNN outside of CNN It was. And now bitch can't get Arrested. Yeah. But that's like the quality of his discourse. Right. That's where he deserves to be.


It's not good conversation. It's not interesting. You know what I always say? I say the enemy class is not composed of impressive people. And now the biggest alpha male on CNN is Kaitlyn Collins. Yeah. Yeah. They're all gone. Yeah. Well, Jake Tapper's still there. Yeah, that's true. He did it. He, I I, Jake Tapper's an honest guy. I think I, I And who, who was the other woman? Martha was, who was the, the female moderator? I. Don't know Dana Bash. Was that her name? I And everyone else must give them credit for doing such an honest and fair job of the debate. They let them both speak. They didn't talk over them. The questions were reasonable and tough questions for both parties. I didn't think he had it in him.


So kudos to Jake Tapper. And I'm going to apologize for saying that. He always looks like someone just farted. Yeah. 'cause he did a great job and he also did a great job with like Chris Coons, who's head of Biden's campaign. He was holding his feet to the fire about the debate. So I didn't know where, where this came from. but I was wrong about Jake Tapper. Yeah. It's, I think there's a lot of people that are in media that didn't want to do the thing that they're doing now. They didn't wanna do it that way, but now they're in this machine and this is what they wanna do because this, they wanna keep their career. Well, This is their only way to have status. These are mediocre people. Yeah. They, They don't, they're not gonna, if you are not writing for the New York Times, no one's reading your substack.


You're a nobody outta nothing. You're not interesting. They're, they're not impressive or interesting people. Right. Look at this guy. No opinion. Who, like, he's, if you look at his photo, he looks like Jared from Subway. Who Exactly. Who are you talking About? No opinion. Who's That? He's, he's one of these nobody. Oh, is it Noah opinion? Yes. Not Noah. No, It's Noah opinion. I thought you were saying Noah Pinion. N-O-A-H-P-I-N-I-O-N. So it's like Mike Hunt, like, you know, like Mike Hunt, like A, it's just like that. Yeah. Except he would not like that. Has anybody seen Mike Hunt And no one's seen No opinion. Interesting. Well, there's a lot of those guys. Right? A lot of them. Yeah. And they're, you think they're just getting paid just like this conservative guy that I know Offered don Don think it's necessarily that they're getting paid.


It's that like, They do not, they're violently anti charismatic. No one wants them at the party. So all they can do is go on these other And I Say this to someone who does this a lot myself. Go on like social media and try to kind of make Aaron Rupa, make a name for yourself by just spouting complete nonsense. Who's the best at it? Best in what way? Keith Oberman. Oh, my favorite angry lesbian. She's, She literally has brain damage. He's a gift. Really? Oh yeah. What happened? Traumatic brain injury From What? Like got hit by like a Tinder block or something.


Whoa. Look, the sub Jamie's, it's on his Wikipedia. Oh, That makes sense. Yeah. So he's, he's, he said, did you see that? He said the CNN building should be burned down. Oh. He said, ever kick everyone out and burn down the building For what? Because of the debate. Wow. Yeah. This is not someone who's, well, So when did he get it in the head by? I Think the eighties. Whoa. It's been a minute. Yeah. Oh man. And what's even funnier is his Twitter. He used to have a million Twitter followers and it's slowly been going down because he, because at a certain point, even the boomer's like, okay dude, calm down. Like Trump isn't literally gonna kill you tomorrow. Oh, He's amazing. Yeah. He's so great. He's a gift. Remember when you used to do that show from his basement? Oh yeah. Like the resistance.


Yeah. you know, and any day now, Donald Trump will be locked up. So I'm just gonna shut the show down. And then Well, He was right. He did get locked up Eventually. Yeah. They arrested him. Yeah. Eventually. That's a crazy one. Huh? The 34 counts of felony counts that were all misdemeanors. And Did you see Andrew Cuomo Yeah. Came out and it's like, this is bullshit. Yeah. And talked about it on Bill Martin. Yeah. Yeah. That I was surprised at Cuomo was a guy they shouldn't have got rid of. 'cause that guy could have won, he could have been the president. He The What about killing all the old people? Yeah. That was a little bit of a problem. Yeah. But we didn't know. We didn't Know. When you're president, you're supposed to kill young people. Not old people. Right. Not supposed to take Covid patients, throw 'em back in the nursing homes and then put a bunch of people on ventilators.


Whoops. Yeah. Whoopsies. But they didn't know. They thought ventilators were the way to go, But they knew. Sure. But the point is, if you got something this bad wrong and then tried to cover it up, it's gonna be hard to get through that White House. Yeah. That's a bit of an issue. Yeah. The, the nursing home. And Also as, as a New York Jew, that New York Italian attitude, I know that works in mid, in middle America. If you're trying to be president, you're gonna have to something to deal with. Well, Chelsea Handler said she was Cuomo sexual, so that settles that Chelsea Handler was that. But that dude's final form was Everybody loved Cuomo when he was running New York at the beginning of the pandemic. 'cause he seemed so reasonable and measured and leader-like, well, He, you know, in his, one thing I did like about him is that he would have have those daily updates.


Right. So he was doing, trying to do what he could to be as visible and, and you know Yeah. Have as much information as possible. The better than the guy, the lady they have now who says Black people don't know what computers are. Kathy Hule, Jesus Christ. Get this bitch a broom and send her back where she came from. Holy crap. Jesus Christ. Isn't that wild? They don't know what computers are. New York is a, New York is a rap. This is why I'm here. I still, my, I'm fine. Oh, I want credit from your boy Ilan. What'd you do? I am the first person on earth, I believe, learning how to drive on a cyber truck. Really? Yes. You didn't know how to drive at all? I still Don't Really.


Oh My God. My buddy Colin Robs a professional car tester, whatever, nascar. My buddy Sky King, they rented a cyber truck. They're like, all right, let's, let's do it. It's like my fourth lesson. I only clipped one window. Mm. but I was doing On what? What'd you hit? I didn't, I wasn't told Colin that when you're going down these narrow streets, you're supposed to hug the median instead of imagining if there's two lanes. So I, some parked car had a window at a mirror. Excuse me. I clicked it. Oh. But it was fine. And the window popped off the cyber truck, the mirror, and we popped it back on. Oh, so it just bent backwards. Not even like a little, just Right. Yeah. Well they, they give in. Yeah. Yeah. They move. Yeah. That's what the way they're designed. Yeah. That's a crazy car to learn how to drive on.


Yeah. It was wide. Yeah. Big and also like, heavy as fuck. But I felt safe that if I got an accident, somebody else would have the consequences. That's true. Which was made me feel good. That's the, the fear that people have about people driving those things. Right. Is you're essentially driving a giant steel box that's bulletproof. And the, you know, that puts on a, like a show. Oh yeah. It'll dance for you. Right. A a there's a laser show and there's also a megaphone. Really? Yeah. And also he's a Simpsons fan. 'cause when Homer Simpson designed a car for his brother and ruined his brother's company, Homer said there should be horns everywhere and they should all play La Racha. And you can make the horn one of like 15 choices is La Racha.


Oh My God. And I know. That's a Simpson's joke. That's hilarious. He's done a lot of wild things with that car, with all of his cars. It's like the, you know, if you say you press the speak thing and say open butthole, the port opens up to charge it. No, it doesn't. Really? Yes, does. I'll show you. Mine's out here. Oh my God. That's hilarious. You say open butthole and the port pops open. He's Like 14. There's very few humans like him that are gonna be able to run a social media site like that. And, and also just be able to handle being attacked relentlessly and like complete Teflon. Open butthole. See what they said there. Does, does someone say it? Open butt hole? Yeah.


Say it. Wow. Hilarious. I still never, I've been around him a couple times. I've never hung out with him, so I'm looking forward To it. He's a good dude. Yeah. He's a fascinating character. I mean he's handling this very bizarre position in life as about as good as you can. I mean no one's gonna handle that very well. I think he did a, he really stuck his neck out with, with Twitter. I'm dead naming it. $44 billion is a big stick your neck out. 'cause what's it worth now? I don't think it's the money's to stick your neck out. It's that he's a target now. And that people who used to love him for the electric cars now think he's a, a fascist. Isn't that interesting? Like the people that loved him in California, if you drove a Tesla, it was a sign that you were environmentally conscious.


Yeah. You read the New Yorker. Yeah. You're a good person. Yeah. Yeah. You're driving a Tesla. I still think, I don't think there's a stigma to it Yet. not yet. They Haven't completely, they're Too good. They Haven't, yeah. Then they haven't completely marginalized him or tried to or stigmatized him rather, I should say. It just doesn't work. It just kind of drifts off of him. 'cause there's so much support for him. you know, it's just, most people recognize that you really, especially when the Twitter files came out, when Taibbi and Shellenberger released all those Twitter files and you, you realize like there was like a real concerted effort to hide the truth from people. Yeah. And then people being gaslit to being like, we knew all this the whole time. No, no, we didn't. It's also of stuff about Covid with Jay Bachar and all, all those other people that got unfairly maligned, you know, real ex actual experts.


And the government was telling them to suppress them, which Also tells me that they wouldn't be able to do it a second time. You think so? Because He, I think he, he's autistic enough that he'd dig in his heels. Right. And that's not a knock against him. That's a, a compliment. I wonder if someone's gonna try to take him out. He's got great security and body doubles. Does he have body doubles? Well, he's got that Chinese guy And he's, he's, he's gotta be like a robot. He's gotta have like, like, like a Lex a hundred clones of himself around Austin. Have you seen the Chinese Elon? No. There's a guy who looks almost exactly like him who lives in China. So slightly off. Like if it was like, if you spliced him. Wait, You're saying there's a Chinese person who looks like somebody else?


It looks almost exactly like Elon. Not like a regular Chinese guy. Let's, can you pull it off? Yeah. I can't tell if this is real. Hold on. I think it's real because I Just wanna make sure I didn't pull the wrong video up as well. Right? Yeah. 'cause he can fuck with you Now he's just gonna Pull up Jackie Chan, Bruce Lee, Elon Musk. No, I think this is him. It doesn't look like a, a deep fake. Oh yeah. That, yeah. Okay. I could see it. I mean. I, I think, Yeah. I think that's the one I can See. Yeah, for Sure. It kinda looks like a deep fake too. It does look a little deep Fake. That's not how Elon talks. God, that's pretty close. But The, the motions aren't correct. Yeah. But the the things Yeah. Is lips Think the eyes aren't moving. Right.


That looks fake. Yeah. And the clothes are way off. But That didn't, right at the end it looked Okay. 1 million followers. Holy crap. Hmm. That's, there's a lot of videos of this guy up there. It's hard to say, man, because there's something about his face to me. I got that uncanny valley thing going on with this. Like, it might, this looks like bullshit. Oh, by the way, He's got good dimples moving here. Beside the muscles in the face are moving pretty good. You can't, that's pretty Hard. The eyes are really creepy. Boy, those are Elon eyes. That's just the Weird eyes is all. It's so close. But he doesn't look Asian. That's what's weird. That's Elon's Face. Well, that, that really does look like Elon. That really does look Like ai Shit. That looks like ai. That's gotta be ai.


There's no way. That's not ai. That's Elon's face. Google Is the Asian Elon Musk fake. That's, that's Elon's. That was Elon's Face. Yeah. The one that I saw that I remember seeing was from about two years ago. And it was much less obvious. It was like close, like, oh, look at that guy. Looks right just like him. Oh, look at this. It's suspended from Oh, oh Oh. Has been suspended. Wow. Why is he suspended? Chinese doppelganger suspended from China's TikTok. Huh. Interesting. So it's real, huh?


He's been dubbed by the internet. Wait, I'm sorry. Why are we not calling him the Chinese knockoff? That's, that's the line. He's the Chinese. Well, he just did, he's the Chinese knockoff Elon. Much cheaper shittier quality. He's been deleted on Weibo. All but three posts are left. Elong Musk, The account largely inactive as well. Local reports have noticed that Elon's doppelganger was banned for violating community guidelines. See, I wonder if they're running him through a filter though. Man. It's gotta be. Come on. That was Crazy. Seems like a really good software engineer. And he just said, fuck it. I'll show you. Yeah. I mean it seems like he's probably close enough and then did some shenanigans.


It's gonna be so hard to tell. Face swap isn't that hard to do. Not hard at all. And, and AI generated videos and images. It's gonna be so hard to tell. There's been ones of you. Oh yeah. Oh, Did you see the one? Elon just, just played a, did you see the one of you? Kamala Harris? Yeah. Oh my God. That Was hilarious. And do you see what Gavin Newsom said to him? No. Gavin Newsom said that, that you should be posting this, we're gonna make it illegal and I'm gonna sign a law. And he said, professor suck on D'S nuts. No he Didn't. Yes he Did. Elon said that to Gavin Newsom. Yes. Did. Yes he did. Yeah. Pull that, that post up, Jamie. It's so hilarious. He said, professor gon d's nuts says it's legit. And that parody is legal.


Holy crap. I forget what his exact quote was. I'm paraphrasing, but parody is allowed by law. Which it should be. Of. Yeah. No shit. Yeah. But the fact that they're using AI to generate her saying a bunch of stuff. But was It a I wasn't that actually her voice though? Yeah. I thought they clipped it. It wasn't AI Clip. Oh, wasn't ai. I Thought it was like sound bites that they stitched together. Perhaps Because it's not, it's choppy. Right. But yeah, I don't know how they did it. But they most certainly could do it with AI though. That, but that would also make it seem choppy because it doesn't really run in the cadence of a normal human speech. but I, it seemed like the words were like, you know, I, they just added like, not the words were not anything fancy could Well remember when they did that with Reagan?


No. Yeah. They did that with Reagan. That was the first one they ever did. Way, way, way back in the day. They, I think it was Iran. I forget which country did it. But they made some fake audio recording of Reagan. And then upon analysis, and again, this is in the eighties, right? So the technology was very crude at the time. They just audio stitched it together and edited it. They found bits and pieces from each one of his speeches that they had compiled this, this one thing to, but that was the first time that ever happened. Elon retweets altered Kamal Harris campaign. She says Manipul, it says back up, says, manipulating voices in an ad like this should be illegal.


I'll be signing a bill in a matter of weeks to make sure it is. And then he says, on I checked with Renau World Authority professors gon D's nuts. And he said, parody is legal in America. Oh my God. Hilarious. We don't deserve him. Hilarious. What a wild dude. Wow. What a wild dude. Because he's not scared of those folks. 'cause he's the richest man in the world. Would you be? It's not like, it's not, would you be scared of Gavin Newsom? No. But it's also like what Gavin Newsom represents, right? He's a part of this machine. Right. you know, you attack him like that. They're gonna attack you Even if you don't attack Him. So if you find that Reagan thing, Even if you don't attack him like that, they're gonna attack you. The Reagan audio compilation, I forget what it was in reference to, but it was something, some I mean Reagan was saying something outrageous that he would never say.


And they, well, They have that for, like, I Rand they have a bunch of people saying whatever they want them To say. But this was back in the day. And then they put it on television, on the news showing all the different pieces of different speeches of him wearing different suits of all the things that he had actually said and how they had pieced it together. This is like very early on indication that you gotta be careful with technology. This was, you know, very rudimentary technology, relatively speaking. He was like, have P what exactly did he say? I'm trying to find it a couple more minutes. They took a bunch of Ronald Reagan's speeches. Yeah. And they spliced them together to make an an inaccurate, a fake.


Make him say something He never really said. but I remember it was on the news. It was like a big deal. Don don't remember this at all. Yeah. I feel like I'm Reagan. I don't remember it. Maybe it's one of those Mandela effect. Yeah. Yeah. I I I'm having something with that right now. With what my friend Michael Wolf, he's a strength coach here, here in Austin. He has got a great dog named Chops. And I, remember very distinctly that Chops looks like he's mostly great Dane. He's got the, the co the coat color. He is big And I. Remember distinctly Michael telling me, oh, we did the DNA test. He's actually not great Dane at all. He's something something else and has some Rhodesian ridgeback. Hmm. And I'm hanging out with him in Chops. And I. Go to him. I go, it's just so funny that there's no Great Dane in him.


He's still, and he goes, what are you talking about And? I go you the test. He goes, never did this test. And don don't know any other dog where this could be. So I'm paying for him to do the Dan Indiana test to see if this is a Mandela effect thing. Whoa. Because I remember very specifically that conversation. That's bizarre. Yep. You think the simulation's real? Yes. I know it's real. 'cause it keeps winking. You've had it wink to you all the time. I'm sure that winks a lot. I was, I I was with you at the Green Room. And. I. Go Joe. Like, like all these things are happening. Like, does it ever get normal? He goes, no, you go. No, no, no. You're just gonna have to go with it like this. Like I talked to Jordan Peterson about this. He goes at a certain point, you wake up and you're like, oh, the president's yelling at me today.


And he's like, you just have to accept this is what your reality Is. Yeah. When it happens to me, I just hear that Queen of the Stone Age song go with the flow. Yeah. It's like, all right, this is this. So yeah. Roseanne's texting me now. Okay, I guess this is my life. This is what we're dealing with. Yes. Yeah. You of course we're in a simulation. You don't think that this is the A 3D projection of a four D world. Mm. Who's running it? I don't. The machine elves. Right. That's more likely. Yes. Yeah. Tricksters. Yes. That's why it's so silly. That's why it's so fun for me. Right. And for you and any comedian. Right. A real comedian. Yeah. If you really embrace the chaos. Yeah. It's not if you're trust hands, Don't double mask and Right. Tell people how to vote.


Yes. Yeah. And, and put on a song and dance for Pfizer. Yes. God Good Lord. Good Lord. Stephen Colbert's priest must be, But he wasn't really comedian Colbert was never a standup. Yeah. But Strangers with Kandy was one of the greatest shows of all time. It was one of the most transgressive shows of all time. And now I Don't know what strangers with Kandy is. Oh my God. I never watched it. I only knew him from the Colbert Report. Okay. And from being on The Daily Show, Strangers with Kandy is one of the greatest shows of all time. Really. I'll tell you what it's about. It's about starring Amy Sedaris, David Harris's sister. It's about a woman named Jerry Blank who returns to high school picking up her life where she left it off as a teenage runaway.


And she became a user, a abuser and a loser. So she's this 47-year-old ex junkie prostitute. Oh, that is hilarious. Yeah. Colbert. Wait, is this from Colbert? Was her teacher 99. 99? Yeah. Wow. Well, Colbert was amazing as that character. Yes. And then when you see him on the, his actual show, you're like, Hey, is that really you? Like who Are you? He knows better. That's why he's not off the hook in my book. Mm. Mr. Noit was the teacher. Yeah. Mm. Jerry, I know that, you know, we have our tough times and you think that I hate you, but I want you to know that I hate you. She's like, I hate you too, Mr. Knt. We probably shouldn't hug.


No, no. Probably not. I wanna check that show out. Oh, it's, how many seasons did it go? Three. Really? Winona Rider was in the last episode. No kidding. Yeah, They got Winona Rider on tv. I'm I so weird though. I never heard of it before The pilot episode. Maybe I didn't have forgot the Pilot episode. They try to get Jerry to spy in her locker mate because they suspect her locker mate might be retarded. And they're like, well why do you want me to, to, you know, turn her in? And he's like, well you've got those braces and they tend to be attracted to, you know, shiny objects. Oh my God. So that was the pilot episode. Wow. It had three seasons, but it was only on TV for like a year and a half. No, no, it was three year. It wasn't a year. It's what this says.


I'm looking at the Wikipedia. It says like season three started in July, 2000 and ended October, 2000. When did season one start? April 99 ended July nine, nine. Wow. They were that quick. So they were like, yeah, those six months seasons. It was, there was one episode I have, I have a, what was it on Comedy Central. Oh, Okay. That makes Sense. I have in my living room framed. 'cause I wrote to her, she's hooking up with a football player and she's like, don't worry about getting me pregnant. My ovaries are diseased. So I have my ovaries to Michael, my Aries, these Jerry Blank signed by Amy. That's awesome. It's a great, and so he was on this show and like him and the other teacher giving each other blowjobs in the bathroom, like that kind of humor.


And now look at him. Yeah. Remember when he was dancing with Chuck Schumer and he high fives him? You ever see that? No. Oh yeah. They're all wearing masks and he dancing around outside and he's dancing. Chuck Schumer, and he dances over in high fives. Chuck Schumer. I hope it's worth it for him. However much money they give him, it Is. Watch this. See, they're all dancing. Look, No, no, no. Yeah. Look at it. No, look at him. All these people are masks on outside. That lady's double masking. Why take chances? But he's not wearing a mask. Of Course. He's a rebel. He, he's from strangers with candy. He's a wild man. Look at him. Well, he probably recently got vaccinated or something ridiculous. The mass days.


Even when I look at videos, And I. See people wearing masks. I can't believe that's real. I can't believe that was just a couple of years ago. What About you still see them in the airports? Yeah. Goofy people. Well, I always assume now that they have like some disease, That's a good thing to assume. I used to assume they're from another country. Yeah. Yeah. People from other countries would wear masks all the time. There were A lot of masks in Japan Being polite. They're just being polite. They don't wanna spit on you. Yeah. These people over here are just nuts. You gotta go to Japan, dude. I will go. Michael Malice. You're the fucking man. I appreciate you very much. It's always fun hanging out with you. Thank You so much, sir. My pleasure, brother. Let's hang out. Yep. Okay. Bye everybody.