(0s):
This episode is brought to you by Experian. How many subscriptions do you have? It might take you longer than you think to figure it out. These days, it's far too easy to get a load of subscriptions that you might completely forget about. That's why I love services like Experian. It's like a personal assistant for your subscriptions. Experian could cancel over 200 plus subscriptions in categories like streaming services, meal kits, entertainment apps, and more. You can save an average of $270 per year. Plus they'll even let you know if your provider offers you a better deal to stick around. It's time to take control of your subscriptions. Download the Experian app. Results may vary. Not all subscriptions. Eligible savings, not guaranteed. $270 a year. Average estimated savings with one plus cancellation. Paid memberships with connected payment accounts required. See experian.com for details.

(1m 1s):
If you wanna feel great, have energy and be healthy. It takes a lot, not just working out and eating right, but a lot of different vitamins and minerals and probiotics. And the supplements. Industry does not make it easy, but AG one does, and that's why I've been using it for years. AG One is 14 years of research, innovation, testing and improvement all in one product with the goal of raising the standard in the supplement category. AG one is a nutritional powerhouse. It delivers my daily dose of vitamins, minerals, pre and probiotics, and more. It's powerful, healthy research backed supplement. That has been a game changer for me. And when people ask me, what's the one thing I'd recommend to elevate their health, my answer is always a G one. And I'm so glad they sponsored this show. Try Ag one and get a free one year supply of vitamin D three, K two, and five AG one travel packs with your first purchase@drinkagone.com slash jre. That's drink ag one.com/jre. Check it out.

(2m 4s):
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, All day. There you go. Pleasure to meet you. I'm very happy to be here. I'm actually quite thrilled. I'm quite thrilled to have you here. This is your book, it's called Tripped Nazi Germany The CIA and the Dawn of the Psychedelic Age First of all. How did you get involved in studying this? Well, this had a lot to do with my previous book, which is called Blitzed Blitzed Drugs In the Third Reich and I mean the Nazis were really into meth, basically, they were the first ones to understand that methamphetamine can be, can change the war effort.

(2m 50s):
They, they basically dope their soldiers. So that was an interesting story that I told in Blitzed. And also I, I spoke about Hitler consumption, which is quite outrageous actually. And while I was doing the research, I was in many archives because I'm not a historian. I I I usually write novels. I started out writing three novels, and then suddenly I became a nonfiction writer. I, I, I was, I was trying to understand what does that mean? And I, I thought it meant to do historical writing to actually go into archives and look at original documents and not just lean on other books, which is what many historians actually do, which I found out later. They just read books from colleagues and then make up their own shit. Mm. To actually go into the archive.

(3m 31s):
It's very time consuming. but I thought everyone does that. Actually. No one does that. So I was looking at all the archives and at one point, I was in the archive of the memorial of the concentration camp of Dachau. So very serious archive because they host like all the documents, what the Ss did in Dachau. And so it's a, it's an intense experience to go to that archive and actually look at, because they wrote down everything, like every experiment the the Nazis did in concentration camps was like written down because it was like pseudoscience. So I found documents while I was researching Blitzed relating to tests with psychoactive substances. And that was like, that was not what I expected because the Nazis had been, you know, enthusiastic about methamphetamine.

(4m 16s):
But I'd never, that was the first time I saw like something that related Nazis and psychedelics. And I thought that, that's quite strange. That's quite interesting. Obviously I need to get to the bottom of this. So I asked the archivist, can I see like all the, all the documents, what did the Ss actually do with psychedelics? Which ones did they use? Why did they test them? What were they looking for? And he said, well, I'm very sorry, but all documents are in America. Because when American military liberated Da Ho, one of the things They do is they take a lot of documents and they took all the psychedelic research done by the Nazis with them. So I knew I had to go to America, probably to the National archives in, in College Park, close to Washington, biggest archive in the world, find it there.

(5m 1s):
but I didn't have time while I was doing Blitzed. And Blitzed was also already a complete story. So I thought I saved that, that psychedelic theme for another book. And this other book is now being published as Tripped. Wow. So before this, you'd had no understanding that the Nazis had used psychedelics. you know, you only knew that they, we, we all know that the meth thing, and we've seen Hitler at the 36 Olympics where he is rocking back and forth, or he is looking, he's jacked out of his mind. I mean, the joke about Blitzed is that I was actually the first one to write about this I mean, now we all know about it. But before that, no one knew about it. Before 2015, when this book was published in Germany, the Nazis were still seen globally and also in Germany as this like pure movement that was like, I spoke to my grandfather when I was a teenager, And I.

(5m 53s):
I was, you know, obviously criticizing him for his involvement. I wanted to know what did he do and he did some shit. And then he always said under Hitler, everything was in order. Like he praised that law and order aspect and that law and order aspect of the Nazis obviously doesn't correspond to like a drug using society. So no one knew that the Nazis were taking drugs until I found out, until I found documents for Blitzed. So, but this, so I was not surprised to, to, to find more and more stuff what, what they were doing with drugs. But then I, I, I was surprised that they actually also used psychedelics. 'cause psychedelics were totally new, you know, 43 LSD was invented.

(6m 34s):
So it was, it's kind of, I really was wondering whether Nazis already getting their hands on LSD, which was just so new that partly anyone in the world knew about this. So this is, this is the story of Trit. So Hoffman, he synthesized LSD in 43, correct? Right. So was there any evidence of anyone using something similar to LSD before that? I know they, they've studied some of ancient pottery from Greece and they found ergot in it and ergot, which contains a very similar compound to LSD. Well, ergot is the alkaloid of, of, of the fungus, which, which grows on rye.

(7m 17s):
And, and, and, and so, so L-S-D-L-S-D like this, this er from ergot LSD is made basically, so actually LSD is not a synthetic drug, as many people believe it. It actually is based on, on a fungus extract, which grows on rye. And the Swiss, the Swiss company, Sandoz, they produced only ergot based medicines. Like they started after the first World War. It was like a startup. Sandoz was a color manufacturing company, and they made a lot of money after the war because everything had to be rebuilt in Europe, stuff had to be repainted. So companies that made paint made a lot of money. So they invested in a pharmaceutical branch and they hired one guy to kind of come up with an idea how to make money in the pharmaceutical world.

(8m 5s):
This guy was, he later became the CEO of Sandoz. And Ro Dole was the first one to crack ergot, because this fungus is, is quite poisonous, actually in the middle Ages. This created mass hallucinations in Europe. Un you know, unwittingly people were eating like contaminated bread, right? Where having like horrific visions actually limbs fell off because this ergot is very, very poisonous alkaloid. But as we know from part seus, the dosage makes the poison. So if you, that was still's idea, you take a very poisonous thing, the ergot and you extract, like you, you, you're still able to use the, the force that's within it as a medicine.

(8m 45s):
This is how biochemistry, that's basically the, the foundation of biochemistry. Soto was able to crack the ergot and the first medicine he made was a, was a migraine medicine, which, which came out I think in 1923 by Sonos, very successful. So he immediately hit the jackpot. Wow. He became like the ergot god of the pharmaceutical world. So he developed more and more medicines with ergot. One of them, for example, is still used today when in childbirth it contracts the, the, the blood vessels after the birth, so you can stop a bleeding. Otherwise, I guess the bleeding would go on much longer in childbirth. So Sandoz made the first effective medicine because ergot kind of makes you con makes the blood vessels con contract.

(9m 27s):
Yeah. Weren't they trying to develop a drug to induce labor when they initially created LSD Or were offering Yeah, this, this is, this is all the ergot kind of research. I mean the whole company was just doing ergot. So they were looking at all kinds of things that ergot could be good for just to, you know, make, have new products on the market. So, ah, and, and ergot, before I mean, this is a company based in Switzerland, which is now Novartis, something like the fourth biggest pharmaceutical company in the world or something. I mean a very successful company still. They, they bought Sandoz and now it's Novartis, but it's, it's kind of the same thing. So Sandoz at one point needed so much ergot that they started manufacturing it in Switzerland.

(10m 10s):
Like they went into a specific region called the Ental, which was famous for its cheese, and it's, it's also famous for its bad weather. So mold growth on rye. Anyhow, so they thought this is the right area to industrialize the, the ergot manufacturing, like the, the growth of ergo. And the farmers were like, we we're always trying to get away from the ergo the ergot is poisonous, and suddenly they had to make it. And, and the Swiss company paid 20 francs, I think a kilo 20 FRAs a kilo, and rye was only like seven francs a kilos. So the, the farmers switched to basically producing poison. And then, so I mean not poison, but a very poisonous mushroom, you could say, right?

(10m 51s):
like a fungus. Like you don't want to eat this thing, you know, you don't wanna, that was the problem. You harvest rye, you make bread out of it. And then there's like a little bit of ergot because on some of the, of the, of the rye ergot grows and then the bread is poisonous. That was a problem in the Middle Ages. So farmers don't like it now. They had to produce it. And suddenly Sundo in Basel, Switzerland had huge amounts of ergot in their storage. And they needed to make more and more products to, you know, use the raw materials that they had. So expensively produced in the Edmonton. So sto hired further chemists. One of them was Abba Hoffman, the famous discoverer of LSD.

(11m 32s):
So he was not looking for like a mind blowing drug or anything. He was looking for actually a stimulant because this was late thirties in Germany. Nazi Germany, a stimulant that was made from the nicotine acid, nicotine acid Diaz ide. No, it was actually a Swiss product, but from a, from another company. Nicotine acid. Di Aylide was don don't know the brand name. It had a brand name. It was quite successful medicine. And he thought if I take urg acid, di aylide urg acid being the acid within the ergo, maybe we'll also have a potent stimulant. But they didn't, they weren't looking for a stimulant actually for the mind.

(12m 12s):
They were looking for a physical stimulant. Like something like Pervitin, like meth, like something that keeps you going. I mean, this was, this was at a time when stimulants were, you know, sought after. Not they didn't have coffee like we have today. We just go, we drink a coffee in the morning. They didn't really have that, that's why methamphetamine was so successful in Germany. 'cause you could just, you know, buy it anywhere. And you take a tablet in the morning and it's like drinking, like, it's like being on coffee the whole time, you know? So the, the stimulant was, was, was, was what he was looking for. And then like he, something came into his bloodstream. It's a, it's a, it's a bit, you know, he tries later, he tried to make it a bit sound mythical sounding like somehow the substance got into his bloodstream and he felt like weird sensations and different, he saw different colors.

(12m 59s):
So he thought this is actually a very different type of thing. Like what is this urg acid mite, LSD, what is it? So he did then the first self experiment, which was kind of normal at the time. He took a very, very low dose, what he thought, 250 micrograms. But as we know today, that's actually quite a high dose of LSD. So he had an ex, an extremely strong experience. And he told this toto, the CEO, he said, I just took this like 250 micrograms. I mean this is a Swiss chemist in a Swiss lab. And suddenly he's like, full on tripping. He tried to get home, somehow his assistant like brought him home on a bicycle.

(13m 40s):
He was at his house and the wall started, you know, collapsing onto him. And the doctor came and he said to his doctor, I, I think I'm going mad. you know, I, I I'm po poisoned myself. I don't know what's going on. And the doctor was like feeling his pulse, pulse normal, like eyes normal. Like on LSD, you, you don't have a strong physical reaction, but you have very strong mental reaction. So he had this and the doctor just couldn't see it. And before actually Hoffman had tested LSD on, on mice and at oz. And the mice also didn't show anything because you can't, they didn't like run around excitedly. Like if you give mice cocaine, they're like, they, you can see the difference. But if you give them LSD, you can't see it because you can't get into their mind.

(14m 22s):
Maybe they don't even have a trip. 'cause they don't have a conscious like us, but certainly on humans, it worked very potently. And so he communicated this with the CEO and the CEO was like, I don't believe you, I think you made a mistake with a dosage. Then he re they repeated it and then they actually created at Sunner, And I, think, this is kind of funny, if you picture like a conservative pharmaceutical Swiss company in the late forties in Basel, they, they created an intoxication room. Like they made a nice room within the company. They didn't, they called it ra, meaning intoxication in German. And Hoffman said, I had a very strong RA with this stuff. I don't know what this is.

(15m 2s):
So they invited like secretaries and bookkeepers and chemists and people working in the cafeteria. They all could come into this room and take LSD like a secretary is actually there sitting there typing what they would, what they would relate. And they all had a great experience. That's the funny thing, because they had never had any bad. Today when we take LSD, we have so much discourse about LSD in our mind automatically, they didn't have that. They just took a strangely named substance like LSD 25. They took like 50 micrograms and they wrote down, I i I, I write about this in trip. Like I, for the first time, I feel connected to my human, to my, to my fellow human being.

(15m 44s):
Some looked out and saw the clouds and like had like ideas about connectivity and how we are part of the, of the universe, basically like these kind of hippie ISD thoughts that we classically associate with. They, they had them like very purely like from they, they just had them, right? So this was all noted down. And then they were thinking, and this was in 1943, imagine the situation in Europe, 1943. It's at the height of the, of World War ii. People are dead injured, traumatized. So they, they thought at Sandoz, maybe this is gonna be like a blockbuster, you know, we give this. Then they tested it also on sick people in, in a, in a hospital in Zurich.

(16m 27s):
They gave it to like a depressed patient. like a, I also studied these reports, like a depressed Swiss farmer was like chronically depressed. He takes LSD and he took it like three times and he could, they, they released him out of the psych psychiatric ward of, because he was cured. He was, he was good. He said, I'm fine. I I really, I'm not depressed anymore. So Sandoz really thought they had a blockbuster. They thought this is LS d's gonna be the big thing. And the big question of obviously is what went wrong. you know, that is what interested me in Tripped what happened because also why I researched LSD, And I. I had been interested in LSD for a long time, but then I decided to write a book.

(17m 9s):
And I researched it. And I found a study by a company called Ulus, which is an American company that named referring obviously to the Greek ritual. And they had done low dosage tests with LSD on Alzheimer patients. And they found that the very same receptors that Alzheimer degenerates and kills these receptors are being stimulated by LSD. So they, their study, which I then discussed with an leading Alzheimer researcher in Germany. And he also, he is looking at this white paper and he said, this is actually quite good. And I said, so when is it gonna happen?

(17m 49s):
He said, well, this is a bit more complicated than you think, you know, because LSD is illegal. It's not even this in America. I guess you have like universities can do research, but this is also a new thing. you know, when Nixon illegalized LSD in 1966, all the research was Illegalized. So could even research whether it's as dangerous as you know, the government said it would be. Right. So lemme just finish, finish this thought. I, I bring this white paper to my father because my mother suffers from Alzheimer, And I. I'm saying to him, I'm writing this book, as you know, And I found this and shouldn't we have a look at this? Because he's, he takes care of my mother and he's quite frustrated that there's no potent medicine available to him.

(18m 35s):
That his doctor basically says, sorry. And he's a former judge. He was quite a high judge in Germany. He sent people to prison for drugs. So for him to even consider giving an illegal drug to his wife is a big leap for him. But, you know, he's a rational thinking man. So I looked at this white paper, he studied it and he said, you know what, in court, when I was in court as a judge, I always, you don't know what is the truth, but you, you know, what is a good story, like a credible story. That's how I determine as a judge what I believe. If someone tells something that rings true to me.

(19m 17s):
And right now I'm having a study that l SD is helpful, but also I'm having the law that it's illegal. Can you please find out the true story? Now what is LSD? Why is it illegal? So from that point onward, I did the research that is in Tripped, which was supposed to be called LSD for mom. Actually that was my working title for the book. Wow. And I. Think it's a better title. That's a good title. Yeah, it's a great title. So LSD for mom. That was my Who, who picked Tripped? Did the editors pick Tripped? My German editor didn't want l Fu Mama, which is the German translator, which I think is the perfect title. It's not even, it's even better in German Fu Mama. He somehow convinced me to use a different title in Germany. And all the, you know, this is translated to many different countries and they always go to the German.

(20m 2s):
If the Germans would've called it El Ma it would be called El Ma in America, LS de Mao in France. But because in Germany a different title was, was chosen the strongest stuff, which is a little bit different in German D then every country was like thinking what, how should we call it? And, I guess they call it trip because of the success of Blitzed. They wanted to have. but I think LSD for mom is a better title. I like it. Yeah, it's great because it's true. You know, I was then really researching for my father and my mother, And I came back after all this research with the Swiss company and the Nazi connection, which we'll come to I guess in a second. I came back to my father, And I presented him this story and then he decided to actually try it.

(20m 45s):
'cause he said, I understand now that LLSD is not illegal because it's dangerous, that there are different reasons why it's illegal and these different reasons I explained in Tripped. So we, we gave, we spoke obviously to my mother also because you have to get consent, you know, so she gave her consent and she started using LSD once in a while, you know, not, not chronically obviously, but like twice a week or maybe the next week, only once, only low dosages. And my father also took them. He never felt anything because a microdose, you're not supposed to feel a trip or intoxication, it just works in your brain.

(21m 26s):
But my mother actually did feel it because her brain is attacked by Alzheimer. So for her, that was like, her cheeks became redder. She would look at us one time. We also then did mushrooms, which is a very similar molecule, actually psilocybin, it's very similar to, to LSD molecule. On Mother's Day, we gave her a, a little piece of mushroom chocolate and she took it and there was a newspaper on the table and she hadn't even, you know, looked at newspaper as an object of desire for her for about a year. My father then later told me, and she picked up the newspaper when the chocolate was working and started reading the headlines.

(22m 7s):
And my father was like, this is a medicinal miracle. And my father's really like a, a rational, skeptical guy, you know, but it was, it was amazing. So that is also what I, what I write about and Tripped ak LSD for mom. But it's so fascinating. There's so many people suffering from Alzheimer's in the world, and it's illegal, basically everywhere except for countries like Portugal that have decriminalize everything. But Yet I mean dementia is like the pandemic of the future. if I want to use that ugly word, pandemic, but to not allow our scientists to examine this properly.

(22m 49s):
For example, the pan in the pandemic, a lot of, during the pandemic like regulations in regards to developing medicines, a vaccine especially, were lowered because we wanted the government, the society wanted a vaccine quick. But, so this is what has to happen with psychedelics now because we are, we are moving, like in 2050, I read the numbers. They're also in the book. like a lot of people will have dementia. Like, we will all know someone or we'll have it ourselves or our, like, it's going to grow exponentially or at least a lot.

(23m 29s):
So I think our society should actually shift its focus towards preventing that. Because I, when I spoke to the Alzheimer expert, he said, yeah, of course this could be you could you, you could prevent Alzheimer if you would know like how to stimulate the brain. And so far, By twenty fifty, a hundred fifty 3 million people are expected to be living with dementia worldwide. Mm. Up from 57 million in 2013 mm in 2019 rather largely due to population growth in population aging. Don't they believe that Alzheimer's has something to do with diet as well? Isn't that what they're calling type three diabetes? Yeah, And, I think it could be true I mean the reason for Alzheimer's is, you know, you have to see it separately from the cure.

(24m 13s):
you know, the reason, the reason I think I, I've come actually to the conclusion that sugar is quite bad for you. And yeah, I have, I was quite a sugar addict. And I really was like, I could not put down a a, a bar of chocolate. I could not eat one piece. I just couldn't. 'cause I love it so much. But then I just realized it's not good. And I stopped it and it's actually possible to stop. I eat like now like a little bit and it's actually no problem. So I, I think, well there's, there's a few reasons for, for dementia. One is also the, the, so-called neuroinflammation of the brain.

(24m 53s):
And that could be caused obviously by sugar, by by, you know, by, by imbalances. In, in, in, in, in, in, in the sugar diet, I think. And the inflammation of the brain, and that is scientifically proven, is being decreased if you take psychedelics. So if you take psychedelics every time you take psychedelics, your neuroinflammation goes down. So that is something that needs to be examined. Like maybe we should all take maybe once a week, a low dosage of it, let's say LSD or psilocybin. Maybe we could prevent like 50% of dementia.

(25m 35s):
I mean it's, i I I think it's quite plausible, And I think not to look into it is not very smart by a society because the costs of dementia, I mean the human costs. My father suffers quite a bit. My mother of, obviously she has the disease, she suffers, the family suffers. If someone in the family has Alzheimer, the the whole family suffers. And of course our, you know, medical system is very expensive to treat, you know, dementia, like put them in homes, whatever. So I think we are making a, a big mistake by not examining this. Absolutely. Well it's just a stunning amount of ignorance on our part.

(26m 19s):
All the, at least anecdotal evidence of the positive benefits of some of these things, particularly in microdose usage. Well, it's just not a focus of politicians, right? Like to legalize drugs has not become a very popular meme among politicians in the 20th century. This is also what I examined and Tripped, I kind of looked at where did, where did it actually start? Where does this prohibitionist approach come from? Because it's kind of weird as a child, I watched Star Trek, it was a tv, an American TV show, even on German television.

(26m 60s):
It was called Roche Enterprise in German. Like Spaceship Enterprise, And. I was always very touched by the beginning. When they say boldly go where no man has gone before. Like, that was for me, the American, like the western philosophy to, to always transcend where you are. And, and, and, and, and that is, that totally contradicts our prohibitionist policies. It's like a, it's like a chemical wall that the government is setting up in our brain saying like, you can go this much with stimulating your brain, but you're not allowed to go further. Like, you're not allowed to use LSD, which does stimulate the H two TA receptors.

(27m 45s):
You're not, you know, it's, it's, I think it's con it contradicts the western philosophy. And actually also I think it contradicts the idea of democracy, which I, which I always, you know, was hot for, you know, I was always, I was, I grew up in a small town in, in West Germany, which was actually occupied by American forces. So I was very much connecting with, with American culture early on. And I, I I, I always like associated Western culture with freedom and transcendence and boldly going where no man has gone before. That is for me the strength of the west. And that is, you know what this is for example, not what Islam offers.

(28m 28s):
Islam says, you're not allowed to intoxicated. You can only believe in this. You cannot go further. This is actually the problem of all monotheistic religions. But for me, the west was always like going beyond that. So I was curious, how did this happen, this prohibition? Like who was there one person that decided no, people cannot use this anymore. And as they, there actually is one person and his name is Harry j Ansing. I'm sure you're familiar with the guy. Sure. So I, i for this, for, for trip, I also went to the Harry j Anslinger archives at Penn State University, which was quite interesting because you can see in the archive and in the way like it smells and what, what he collected and the letters he wrote and the language he used, you can, it's a very closed mindset.

(29m 13s):
And he was actually able to convince democratic and Republican president, he was like serving under, he was bipartisan basically. So his anti-drug regime that he was, that he was able to create. And he created it because the alcohol prohibition failed. And his federal Bureau of Narcotics was about to be extinct because he had completely failed with the alcohol prohibition. And then he thought, I have to find a new enemy. And the new enemy for him was Mar was actually cannabis. And he coined the word marijuana, right? 'cause marijuana sounds foreign. It sounds Mexican, it sounds something that we don't want in our clean white American society.

(29m 54s):
Well, it Was a Mexican wild tobacco, it was a slang for a Mexican wild tobacco. It wasn't cannabis. Yeah, right. Yeah, yeah. So That is, so basically what we could say is that, and unfortunately Anser was quite a racist. He was like, he, he openly used words to describe Afro-American colleagues that shouldn't be used by white men, I guess in like memos. This went all the way up to the president. Wow. So he, but they, they always kept him because he was the man that defends America from the scorch of foreign influences, which is drugs in this case from China, the opium from Mexico, the marijuana.

(30m 43s):
So he was, he, he was very good politician, basically like a anti-drug lobbyist that, you know, everyone in Washington loved. And so the reasons for the, for the, for the prohibition in America is not that this Anslinger was actually studying LSD and finding out that this is actually dangerous and or marijuana is dangerous. That's, we really, even though we're free in our society, we have to, you know, we have to curb this. We have like, this is not how it went. It's like he wanted to attack the jazz scene and he knew that the jazz musicians were smoking a lot of weed. So he is, you know, it's, it's very hard to make it illegal to play jazz, but you couldn't make marijuana illegal.

(31m 23s):
And then you can, you know, target jazz musicians. So he is got racial profiling. Why Were they going after jazz musicians? He hated jazz. He thought that, he thought that

(31m 36s):
This episode is brought to you by Experian. How many subscriptions do you have? It might take you longer than you think to figure it out. These days. It's far too easy to get a load of subscriptions that you might completely forget about. That's why I love services like Experian. It's like a personal assistant for your subscriptions. Experian could cancel over 200 plus subscriptions in categories like streaming services, meal kits, entertainment apps, and more. You can save an average of $270 per year. Plus they'll even let you know if your provider offers you a better deal to stick around. It's time to take control of your subscriptions. Download the Experian app. Results may vary. Not all subscriptions. Eligible savings, not guaranteed $270 a year average estimated savings with one plus cancellation, paid memberships with connected payment accounts required. See experian.com for details.

(32m 37s):
I think he w he had a, I think, I think it's a sexual thing actually. He, because he actually said once when black men smoke reefer, they think they're as good as white men and they're gonna sleep with our women or something like that. Like, that was kind of the world that he was. So it, because the jazz musicians were on stage and people loved them. Yeah, they were cool. They were cool. Yeah. And they all, they were only cool because they smoked the weed, you know, that gave them that, that diabolical power, like over the audience and the groove, you know, if you take the weed away from them, they're just, they're gonna be like boring people. you know? That that, so that guy, that guy really did a lot of damage in my mind to the American society.

(33m 17s):
Yeah. It's just stunning that 90 years later we're still dealing with the aftermath of that, you know? And also, hi, in conjunction with his union with William Randolph Hearst. Yeah. William Randolph Hearst, who owned Hearst Publications had a, a vested financial interest in keeping marijuana illegal or making marijuana illegal because of hemp. Right. you know, the whole story about the decorticator? Mm. Yeah. Are you talking about the wood now that You No, decorticator was a, a device that was manufactured. It was created in the early 1930s and it was in the cover of Popular Science magazine. When they called it, they said hemp, the new billion dollar crop of the future.

(33m 58s):
Alright. So because hemp was a very difficult plant to take the fiber and convert it into paper and convert it into textiles and things like that. They used slave labor for the most part, right. Until the cotton gin came along. When the cotton gin came along that became more effective to use cotton than to use hemp. It was easier. Then in the early 1930s, they came out with the dec decorticator. Now the decorticator was this machine. See if you could get, get a, a version of that, Jamie. So the dec decorticator allowed them to effectively, that's the decorticator. So this machine, they would run the hemp stalks through it and it would break them down far more economically.

(34m 41s):
Much, much easier, more, more effectively than the way they would do it by hand previously. Oh right. So hemp the new billion dollar crop. So hemp, you know, find the cover of that magazine. So hemp was a far more effective paper. It's much more durable. I'll, if you take hemp, very difficult to tear. In fact, the earliest drafts of the Declaration of Independence were on hemp. So there's hemp, the billion dollar crop. So this was popular science magazine. And William Randolph Hearst didn't just own Hearst publications, he also owned paper mills. Yeah. So he had thousands and thousands of acres of trees and forests that they were converting into paper.

(35m 25s):
And now all of a sudden there was this new product that was going to destabilize his industry. I mean. Yeah. Hemp is a disruptor, you know? Exactly. So when they made marijuana illegal, a lot of the people that were voting on this didn't even understand they were making cannabis illegal. They didn't understand that it was the same thing. Yeah. They didn't understand that it was the same literal textile that created canvas. All the great works. Like if you look at, you know, Leonard da Vinci's paintings is On hemp, it's On hemp, it's on hemp, it's on canvas, it's on cannabis paper. It's on a very durable form of paper.

(36m 6s):
Have you ever touched cannabis paper? Like hemp paper? It's crazy. It's really hard to tear. My friend Todd McCormick, he was a early grower in Los Angeles when marijuana was medically legal. And he wound up going to jail because in federal court you couldn't say that it was for medical purposes. They just pro they just prosecuted him based on the fact that he was a drug dealer. Instead of someone who was legally in the state of California growing medical marijuana, he had a stalk on his table of hemp. don don't know if you've ever felt a hemp stalk. Have you ever picked one up? No. It Is crazy. It's like styrofoam.

(36m 47s):
You pick it up, it feels like nothing, but it's hard like oak. But it's not heavy. It's very strange. It's like an alien plant. Very, very weird. So that stuff converts incredibly to clothing. You can make building materials out of it. There's a thing called hempcrete that is this incredibly effective building material that you can make houses out of outta hemp. And it's incredibly sustainable because if you have an acre of trees, if you chop down that acre of trees and make paper out of it, it takes forever to grow enough trees in that acre to grow them to the point where you could harvest them and make paper outta 'em. Yeah.

(37m 27s):
Cannabis, if you're growing hemp, rather if you grow hemp stalks in the same field, you got new hemp in a few months and now you have paper again. So you think So William Randolph Hurst demonized cannabis for the particular interest that he had with paper, with his paper mills and to stop the hemp industry. I mean they were quite close allies in a way. Yeah. Anslinger and Hearst. And in his publications the word marijuana was for the first time publicized. So they kind of, and With a racial element Yeah, with racial Element. They said that blacks and Mexicans were smoking this new drug and raping white women.

(38m 10s):
Right, right. Exactly. And then the Reefer Madness movies, which are fantastic pieces of propaganda. They're absolutely hilarious. If you watch 'em today, especially knowing what we know about marijuana, like these people were just crazed. It was more meth like than it was, you know, what they were depicting. Right? Absolutely. So Anslinger, 90 years ago, the propaganda that he pushed out into society, the way that infected people like a mind virus, the effects of that. Still today, when people find out that you have taken marijuana or that you regularly enjoy marijuana, people freak out. They're like, oh, what are you doing?

(38m 50s):
What are you doing to yourself? Oh my God, you're out there taking drugs. Meanwhile, this person's on antidepressants and they drink alcohol, smoke cigarettes and take Xanax. Like there's sanctioned drugs that are far worse for you. It's not a drug free society. Yeah. I mean, I, I talked about this sugar thing that I thought It's crazy drug And that actually made me realize that we as humans take drugs every day. Like every human takes drugs every day. I'm drinking coffee. I got these little nicotine pouches. Yeah. Which is interesting, you know, that we don't acknowledge that really. We think like, or people who are against drugs, they, they kind of vote.

(39m 33s):
They kind of say, we stand for a sober society, but it never is a sober society. No. We just have some legalized drugs and some drugs that are illegalized, My friends that are in Alcoholics Anonymous, they all drink cigarettes and drink or drink coffee and smoke cigarettes. They're all doing a drug that just doing a drug that doesn't completely destroy their life. I mean. I thought about this, you know, writing, having written Blitzed and trip both on drugs and history. I was, I'm now trying to come up with a, with a more, with a larger narrative. And I'm, I'm I mean at your, in your podcast a lot has been talked about the stoned ape theory, right? Yes. I think it's very interesting.

(40m 14s):
And I think it's time for kind of a new, a new world history as you may I think because we, I think we actually are stoned sapiens. I think that this cognitive revolution that happened in Africa, it's, it's, as Dam said, it's not a theory, it's a, what is it? A, a theory is when there's already proof. It's, it's a hypothesis. It's a hypothesis. but I think that a lot speaks for this hypothesis. I think it makes sense if you see that early humans were, for example, depicting mushrooms in drawings, that these mushrooms have some kind of relevance to them.

(40m 56s):
And our edge, which is something that Harare writes about over other homos, like the Neanderthals or also just monkeys, large monkeys. Our edge was that we, that we had this cognitive revolution, that we had a neo cortex forming and that we suddenly had an understanding about time. So we're not just living in the moment where we know there's a past and there's a future. So that creates a different language and the, the, the different language, a more abstract, more complex language than, for example, the apes. you know, apes can organize up to like a hundred, then that language kind of fails them.

(41m 42s):
But humans suddenly, not suddenly I mean this is over long periods of time. Could, could develop a language that enabled them to form larger groups. That's how they became dominant, also dominant o over other homo species like the Neanderthals. And we know today that they had these plants at their availability. So it, it makes sense to imagine that actually we found maybe it was a mushroom, maybe it was iboga, which is something still used in African societies. And which now is again, being examined as the new psychoactive hot drug. It, it could be a mixture or some groups could have had this, others could have had that.

(42m 25s):
But it seems to be pretty clear that like the founding moment of our race is actually this transcendence. Like suddenly you realize this moment where I'm in is not all. There's more like I I, there's a future. There's a past. That is what transcendence is. So we are basically, that's why I call our species this. We're stone sapiens. Like we were stoned from the start. So drugs which transferred into language into also music, into rituals because we wanted to keep the drug also secret from others who are not, you know, from, from apes or Neal. So rituals start existing like a person who kind of has the drugs and hands them out.

(43m 8s):
So this is at, this is at the beginning of, of our race. So I think, and, and we were so, we were so powerful because we could, we could develop that larger language than the apes would only organize up until a hundred. And now we have the problem, we poor stone sapiens, that we have created global problems, but we don't have a global narrative. Like we're falling into the western camp. We have China, we have, like, we have, we, we, we don't have a global narrative. Like our narrative usually stops within the national context. Like there's the American narrative, there's the western narrative, which also includes Europe. There's the German narrative, but there's no human global narrative.

(43m 51s):
And that's what I intend to change with my book Stone Sapiens, which will be the next book and kind of conclude the trilogy of these, like how are, how are drugs and humans kind of symbi symbiotic in a way? Well there's a, for lack of a better term, there's a consciousness that exists in mushrooms. There's something that you interact with and we don't necessarily understand what's going on. But if you could imagine a lower primate interacting with a higher consciousness on a regular basis, and then adapting I mean, this is the theory of why the human brain size doubled over a period of 2 million years. And have you ever listened to Dennis McKenna describe this? Dennis McKennan describes it brilliantly because he's an actual scientist and the way he explains the effects of psilocybin, how it ha you know, what the effects it would have on the mind in terms of developing language and just expanding our creativity, expanding our ability to see things.

(44m 50s):
It makes better edge, edge detection makes you have better visual acuity, makes them more, more horny. They're gonna more likely to breed more community. There's a, there's also this potential for a type of, you know, for lack of a better term, a type of mind melding. you know, there's a, there's a, a type of consciousness expanding Yeah. Energy that happens that it seems to be connected in a, in a, in a way that we can't measure where human beings interact with each other without words. you know, telepathy was exactly what, what they, when they first found harming, they, when they found some certain trees that were part of the components of ayahuasca, they, they tried to call it telepath, but due to the rules of scientific nomenclature that that substance had already been identified as harming.

(45m 48s):
But the researchers that were taking this were saying, we are experiencing these telepathic melds. There's something that's going on with these things and we want to get to the bottom of it was, let's call it telepathy because it, it imparts a type of telepathy. Well, for trip became very interested in that question that you just articulated. What actually happens in the brain. 'cause that is quite hard to figure out actually how do they work and what actually changes in the brain. And there's one researcher in Zurich again in Switzerland, they're really experts on psychedelics actually, because they didn't sign all the un treaties. 'cause they're like a neutral, more neutral country than others.

(46m 29s):
So they actually have a little bit more freedom for research. And there is a professor called Fran Vid at university in Zurich. And he was able to start in the early nineties giving his patients psilocybin and LSD and DMT. And then he put them in like, he examined their brains in brain scanners, like imaging, like high tech, you know, imaging technology. And he found that actually that you can actually measure it. You or you can see the changes that happen in psychedelics. And what happens is that the, so-called default mode network, that is a term that brain scientists use to describe what Freud would de de would call the ego.

(47m 11s):
Like the center in our brain, like the boss in our brain, like the, the guy, I guess it would be other woman in our brain that like says, now I'm on the Joe Rogan podcast and everything's cool and you know, I I'm a I'm a writer, whatever. And you like, this is This is like, we have always this controlling force within us. Otherwise we would go basically insane. Like, what's going on here? What is this? Is this cool? Am I in danger? you know, basically, am I in danger? Like there's this thing that goes with the, with the, with the rifle you're gonna shoot. Like, so the default mode network makes sure that this doesn't happen. That we function and it makes a lot of sense. And actually under psychedelics he could measure that this part of the brain gets a little less energy.

(47m 53s):
So it's a little, it's it's not switched off completely. I mean if you take a lot of psychedelics, it might be switched off completely. Then you have what's called like a full immersion experience. But if you take a little, it's also switched off like a little, like gets a little less energy. And that other parts of the brain, peripheral parts that are usually like following the main guy, they, they can communicate more on, on psychedelics. So what happens in your brain is actually, it is actually a change in, you know, the brain chemistry. And what also happens is what is called the neuroplasticity is enhanced. Neuroplasticity is the term for basically the brain is not obviously like a, a fixed, like a non-moving object like my fist or something.

(48m 39s):
It's a, it's constantly kind of moving the brain, you know? And neuroplasticity describes that, that ability to constantly adapt to like the situation and, you know, be flexible, be, you know, make new connections. That's neuroplasticity. And he could also measure that neuroplasticity is enhanced when you take psychedelics. That's why also it could become dangerous if it's enhanced too quickly. And you're not experienced I mean we're on The, Joe, Rogan Experience. So we're, we're, we're all experienced. I hope we'll have a, an experienced audience. But if you're unexperienced, that could be too much, you know, then, then the, the stimulation of your brain or the change or disruption of your day-to-day way of thinking could be overwhelming.

(49m 24s):
But if you, if you handle it properly, it's actually that, that is, that is I guess what is the beneficial aspect of the psychedelic experience. You enhance neuroplasticity in a way, don don't know if becoming smarter is the right term. Because what is smart, what is intelligence? But we, it's a fact that neuroplasticity is enhanced and because of this kind of orthodox thought forms, like depressed people always think the same thing. Like, I'm not worthy or I can't, you know, de de depression is a, is a loop or, or loops in your brain of always this and LSD especially psilocybin, they disrupt that 'cause you know, other parts of the brain suddenly and come into play.

(50m 5s):
And the default mode network, which has, you know, this disease of depression suddenly is not, you know, the calling the shots anymore. That's why psychedelics have proven effective against depression. The first study that showed this clinical study was done in 2015, actually in America at Johns Hopkins University that psilocybin helps against, you know, very severe depression when nothing else helps. So we know a little bit about what happens in the brain, but obviously the brain is still a black box. That's why so many scientists when LSD came out in the, in the late forties and early fifties, especially in America where enthusiastic, they thought finally we have a tool with which we can, you know, shine like a torch shining into the black box of the brain.

(50m 51s):
Mm. Because it works in such small quantities. There was actually a lot of hope in the beginning that original enthusiasm. Enthusiasm by Sandos that I talked about when they thought we have a game changer. We have a blockbuster that everyone will become, you know, will heal from LSD. That many scientists actually believe that. And the interesting question is, and we are like making a long circle now, what went wrong? Like why wasn't it developed into a medicine that you can get at your dispensary? Like you can get cannabis products now for example in the state of California. Why? Well, you can get 'em here too, which is weird.

(51m 32s):
Okay. You get 'em here. Like I said, there's like different deltas so we can get legal cannabis society, you can sell it. Society is still very insecure. Yes. When it comes to drugs, because we have been bombarded with the propaganda. Drugs are horrifically dangerous prop, you know, this propaganda Well when I was in high school it was, this is your brain on drugs, you know, it was just say no Nancy Reagan, everyone was just say no. Yeah, I was, I was also in America actually in high school. I graduated from Flint Powers Catholic high school in Michigan, class of 88. And I had been taught because I was sent from Germany as like a German exchange student.

(52m 14s):
I was taught before, don't mix with the drug people that will be drug people at the high school. And they will approach you and they will try to draw you in's and then you won't get out again. And I really believe that I mean I was like 17. Well there are people like that. That is true. I'm look, if you fall into the opiate crowd Yeah. If you fall into a crowd of people, I'm about Weed now, Right? Well weed is very different. But the problem is the blanket term. Right? The blanket term of drugs. Yeah, It's a big problem. Yeah. But also if you fall into, it's like a word weed crowd in high school, it's very possible that you'll fall into a crowd of Du Wells who will ruin their lives and they, they just get high All day and they wake and bake and they abuse it.

(52m 58s):
Yeah. Just like you can abuse sugar, right? Just like you can abuse alcohol. I actually think that cannabis is a dangerous drug because it is quite addictive. Yeah. It can Be. Unlike L-S-D-L-S-D is not addictive. LSD is actually when the, the guy who invented aa, he, he himself had made an LSD therapy and got away from alcohol using LSD and he wanted to incorporate LSD therapy into the AA program and then didn't do it because I guess it was pressure or whatever. We'll come to the, we'll come to the pressure in a second. So LSD is actually non, a non-addictive drug. That's, for example, in Germany now, we legalized cannabis. It's legal everywhere in the country. I think they should have legalized LSD and not cannabis.

(53m 38s):
'cause cannabis is, is actually harder to use. I think it should, I think it should be legal. you know, I, I think I'm, I'm, I think it's good that it's legal, but I think it's a little bit of a more problematic drug actually to legalize because it's also so easy to use. But to legalize LSD, which is like, I think, I think it should be legalized, you know, all over the globe because I think it's a, it's a brain food. That's what I think after studying it, you know, but saying this sounds like completely outrageous, you know, LSD like so many people are afraid of it. So I hope with Trip to take a little bit of the edge off, you know, to actually show where it comes from. And, I would like to tell that story, where that comes from. Yeah. if I may please.

(54m 20s):
'cause that's the core story. Because when I had found these Ss records that they had used, because you asked before, was there another psychedelic substance? Yes, there was masculine. Mm. Masculine was already kind of investigated by scientists since the twenties. It was also a German, there was a German scientist called Behringer. He was really, he was at the University of Heidelberg and he was really into masculine and he was like doing it with his students and making tests and how does it change consciousness and what happens? So he was, he was basically one of the pioneers of psychedelic research you could say. So the Nazis knew about masculine and the Nazis wanted to find a truth drug.

(55m 4s):
Hitler was a paranoid person. He always thought it's actually true that people are conspiring against him. There, there were quite a lot of assassination attempts on his life. He survived them all. But there were a lot of people who didn't like him. I mean Germany was a totalitarian dictatorship and most people supported Hitler. But there were also people who did not, you know, there were people in the resistance even within, you know, the army who thought he was an idiot. High ranking officers who were like, were like a bit more brilliant than him, and who knew that he was running things to the ground. So he wanted, he gave the order to find a truth drug. Like it's the wet dream of intelligence.

(55m 44s):
You give someone a substance and then you can control that person, right? You can extract secrets from that person. You can kind of you that you can control a person. And the Nazis, the s the Ss, even with their torture methods had been unable to extract all the secrets they wanted to extract from prisoners, especially Polish resistance fighters had been very resistant, even against as, as torture. Like they wouldn't say I got the job from the British intelligence or what, you know, they, they just wouldn't talk even when you tortured them. So Hitler wanted this, the drug that would solve this problem. And one man that was put in charge with this is a chemist called Richard Kon.

(56m 29s):
Richard Kuhn, who actually received the Nobel Prize for chemistry. He was a brilliant mind, but he was a Nazi, so he didn't, like many scientists left Germany or writers left. Tomas man left Germany when the Nazis took power. But some people stayed, some writers stayed. Si some scientists stayed. And this Kun actually became, you know, he is really working for Hitler. He was developing a nerve poison zareen, which was deadly for Hitler. He was, and if you worked for Hitler as a scientist, obviously he got all the, the re the grants you need, the money you needed, you were, you know, you had a great time, basically if you sold your soul to the devil. So Richard Kon was in charge with finding the truth drug.

(57m 12s):
And, and the, and then the interesting thing is, 'cause I was in the Novartis archive of Sandoz because I wanted to find the link between a Swiss pharmaceutical company who develops LSD and then the Ss who tests it in Dachau. Like how did, how did the SS know, like, and did they really test as LSD also in dha or was it just masculine? 'cause they write in the reports that are then found in the US masculine. And another odorless colorless substance was being used. And LSD is that famous odorless colorless substance. like a, I could put a, put a drop of LSD in your coffee, you wouldn't even notice it.

(57m 54s):
Right? Which is good for seek for intelligence service. You wanna dose someone without that person knowing it. So LSD was kind of perfect, but how did the Nazis did, did they actually know about LSD? Was it LSD? That was kind of what I wanted to find out. And when I was in the archive of Sandoz, I wanted to find like papers, like did they sell LSD to the ss? Oh, I, I was curious to find something. And the archivist, he was very skeptical of me because he sensed that I was onto something like he was protecting basically the archive. Because the archive at Sandoz is not a public archive. If you go to the National Archives of the United States or the Federal Archive of Germany, it's a public archive.

(58m 38s):
The archives want you to find the information they will reveal, like the find book, which like has, like, it's a database. It has, it shows you everything that's in the archive. So you have a, it takes sometimes days or weeks to actually figure out what's all there. But you have theoretically an overview of everything that's in the archive. But a company archive, like Novartis archive, there was no find book. The archive is said to me, just tell me what you're looking for and then I will find it for you. Which is basically shit, you know? 'cause in a way you have to, he, it's basically under his control, the documents that he gives to you. you know, you have no, you don't even know what's in the archive behind that guy sitting in front of you.

(59m 20s):
But And I wanted to see, like I knew that Bert Hoffman wasn't a Nazi. Like I had learned, I had known a lot about Abba Hoffman. And he, I never heard anything about him having Nazi connections and like giving LSD to Richard Coon or something. but I wanted to see what his boss stole. The one we talked about before had the whole, like the ergod God, like who is this guy? Because he as the CEO called the shots for Sandoz, the pharmaceutical company. And then the archivist didn't want me really to see these papers. I could sense that And I wanted to come again to the archive. How could you, how did you sense that? Well, the first time I was there, he said, why is everyone always so interested in LSD?

(1h 0m 2s):
you know, we have so many beautiful products here. And there was like a, a showcase with all the products that Sandoz has made. And LSD wasn't one of them. I said, LSD is actually missing from that showcase here. And he said, well, it was never a product. I said, it was a product. It actually had a name. It was called De that was the brand name of LSD. It existed, you know. And he's like, yeah, you know, but we are not. So, you know, it's illegal. And so they don't, they have a, a difficult relationship with LSD. And what the only thing he gave me were the original lab books of Bert Hoffman. And it's very easy to flatter. Like it stuns you. Like if you're interested in LSD, you see like the original lab book. You see like his handwriting when he, for the first time takes LSD and then his handwriting, like he can't hold the pen anymore.

(1h 0m 47s):
And you see like this line on the paper, that's exciting, you know? Yeah. But it's not new, you know, people have seen that before. But, so he kind of tricks you into like, you see that you're saying, oh great, thank you. Bye-bye. Like after you go home. But then I was on the Swiss Mountain. I was actually visiting a scientist that had researched this ergo producing, and, and, and the Emile, I visited this guy on the mountain. He showed me the former fields of Sandoz. And then I had the idea, I must go back to the archive and look at the papers of the CEO because the CEO calls the shots. Why wasn't the CEO able to turn this potential game changer into a lucrative medicine? What what went wrong was probably on the, on the CEO level of the company, not on like the chemist level of the company.

(1h 1m 31s):
So I wrote the, an email to the archive. He said, I'm gonna come back tomorrow, And I wanna look at the papers of the CEO. And then he wrote back to me, well, sorry, tomorrow I have too much work. You cannot come anymore. Kind of like that. but I just showed up. And I just showed up at the archive. And he opened and he said, well, you're here, don, don't have any time. And I said, well, I'm here, you know, it's an archive, I can use it. And then I was sitting there, And I was thinking, what can I do? And I, actually, at the time I had some LSD with me because I already, I I was already getting it for my mother. Like, so I had it with me. And I. I said to him, I, I suddenly had an idea. And I said to him, have you ever ever actually seen LSD?

(1h 2m 14s):
And he's like, in the Swiss accent, like, no, it's illegal. I have not seen it. And then I asked him, do you wanna see it? And he said, sure, I would like to see it, but where could I see it? It's no one has it anymore. And I said, well, here, here, here you go. This is, this is LSD. And he's like studying it. He was quite interested. Like suddenly he became interested, like, oh, this is actually LSD, that's how it looks. And the L-S-D-I-I had received had printed on it, like these papers, the old logo of Sandoz So, like the chemist who had made this actually in Basel, it was made in a black lab, obviously, kind of made a joke and, and, and put like the logo of Sandoz on it. And he said, this is the logo of our old company.

(1h 2m 56s):
I, is this possible And? I said, well, maybe it's like an homage by the chemist who made these. I said, do you want one? And he said, what do you mean? I said, well, I'll give you one as a gift, you know, you've been so helpful to me. And he's like, oh, this I, but this? Yes, okay, I'll take one. And I. I gave him a trip. And what is the dose? That was like a hundred micrograms, which is quite strong, you know. I said to him, take legit, it's legit. I, I said to him, take it like when you're in the beautiful Swiss mountains, like you wanna walk, you know, then maybe it's a good time. And he's like, interested. Yeah. And then he gave it back to me.

(1h 3m 36s):
He said, I can't, I can't, for legal reasons, I don't think I can accept this. I said, okay, fine. Took it back. And then he said, but is there something you want to see maybe today in the archive? Because he was, you know, we had, we had formed a connection suddenly. Right, right, right. And I said, yeah, actually I would be interested in seeing the, the paper of the CEO of Osh Dole. He said, that's not a problem at all. And he just went and he brought me the folder. And as I'm looking through the folder, I can see that there's one man that Dole was communicating with all through his career. And that one man, Heto himself had learned under Vita Vita was the Jewish German master of biochemistry, who is later by the, he had to leave Germany, you know, the Nazis were prosecuting him also because he was Jewish.

(1h 4m 29s):
And Vita was this genius who also received a Nobel Prize and who had found out that, you know, STOs idea from potent plants, you extract and then you make medicines from plants, basically. 'cause plants are very powerful, obviously. So Village De was like the, the scientific father of Sto Andto had one other prodigy child. And that was Richard Kun, who by then had been the leading Nazi biochemist. So Kun and sto, which I saw then in the letters in front of me, had been best friends because they had the same, had had the same like, you know, teacher, they had exchanged already in the twenties. All their research in the thirties, especially the ergo research, Kun was very interested in it.

(1h 5m 12s):
So now he has the job by Hitler to find the truth drug. And then STO says, we found this almost magical substance that even in microgram dosages has this strong effect on the mind. And Kun obviously became very interested in it. And I found a letter, maybe we can pull that one up, don don't know if you can find it. From 1943 October, where Kon And I found this in the archive. This was the smoking gun, basically where Kon thanks Uhto for sending Ergotamine, which is the precursor to LSD. It's like from Ergotamine, you do one step and then you have LSD. And we received Ergotamine in October, 1943 from the Swiss company.

(1h 5m 59s):
And then, you know, the Nazis had their hand on LSD. And then it becomes very interested, interesting what happens when the Americans find out about that? 'cause when the Americans liberated Germany from national socialism, when they, when they won the war, basically certain units had attached to them the, so-called SSOs unit A-L-S-O-S. And the Al Source unit was responsible for finding German nuclear scientists and interviewing them about their research for the nuclear bomb in Nazi Germany.

(1h 6m 41s):
Because Nazi Germany was also trying to develop a nuclear weapon. And the Americans thought they're probably quite far ahead because they're good in science. Like everything They, do they fucking rock. Which in this case actually probably wasn't true. I don't think the Nazis were so advanced, it's still a bit obscure, like how far the Nazis really were with nuclear technology. But this ulcers was in place. And the second job of ulcers was to find out about biochemical weapons. Because they also thought, rightly so, that Hitler had biochemical weapons. So one of the first scientists they interviewed was Richard Kon, because Richard Kon was the leading Nazi biochemist. So in the spring of 1945 and liberated Hedberg after World War ii, Kun is being, you know, interviewed, you know, and for Kun, it's a question of, will I cooperate with Americans or will I go to the Nuremberg trial as like a war criminal?

(1h 7m 34s):
Because he could have ended up on the, on the bench for developing rine a nerve poison. So he, you know, decided to rather extend his career. He later came to America, I was teaching in America. So he told them about LSD, he said we were very interested in LSD. And those experiments in DHA could not be finished because there was not enough time. DHA was already liberated. They were in the middle of, you know, finding out if I give a psychedelic to a prisoner, can I extract his secrets? Can I fully control him? These, these tests take a bit of time, you know, you have to do it with several Yeah. you know, it's, you don't do it like a, in a day. So that these, these tests were not finished yet.

(1h 8m 14s):
But these findings then were very interesting to the American military. 'cause after the war, what started immediately, the next war, the Cold War against the Soviet Union, which was what the then CIA was, was founded, which CIA called the CIA director Dallas, he called it. This is brain warfare is a totally new type of war. And we have to know, we have to get ahead of them. And they probably are working on brainwashing techniques. So we have to be, you know, ready to defend ourselves against the Soviet onslaught with their brainwashing techniques. So the, the Americans learned actually a lot from the Nazis.

(1h 8m 56s):
I, I once met in Florida on the beach together with my father an SS Marine. That was in the eighties when I was an exchange student in Flint, Michigan. We took a vacation, met my, my parents, my German parents in Florida. And we, we spoke with this Marine and he said, yeah, we learned so much from the ss. And it's true, you know, the ss the German system was a very, it was evil system, obviously, but it was, it, it was a very functional system. you know, there was a lot to be learned from them in terms of warfare, you know, so the Americans, because the Nazis were so interested in this truth drug thought, this must be, you know, this must be interesting. We have to look at this. So they started now first the American military, then the CIA started now to investigate can LSD actually be the truth drug?

(1h 9m 44s):
Can it be like a pharmaceutical weapon? So this is, this is actually what went wrong. So what went wrong was the Swiss CEO sending samples to the German Nazi biochemist. From him, the knowledge goes to the American, you know, military and then intelligence apparatus that LSD could be abused as a weapon. This is what really put LSD on the wrong foot in a way. Mm. Because there was, there was also, at the same time in the early fifties, a lot of hopeful research at universities in America, like brain scientists were, they were looking at LSD. It wasn't illegal yet, you know, it was, it wasn't interesting thing.

(1h 10m 25s):
But the, the then the CIA took over the military research. First it was the US military. They had a professor at Harvard University called Beecher. Beecher was like the drug expert of the American army. He had also been in the war. And then he, like, he looked at the SS reports from Dachau and he made a report called Report on Ego Depressant Drugs, which he sent to Washington. So he was kind of the knowledgeable guy that would interpret, you know, how could psychedelic molecules be used as drugs. And then when in 47, the CIA was founded, basically the CIA took over this truth drug research from the, from, from the military.

(1h 11m 9s):
And then Beja was sending his reports to the CIA. This was done by a guy called, called Sydney Gotlieb. don don't know if you've heard that name. He was the head of MK Ultra. MK Ultra is basically a program first to see whether LSD could be used as a weapon. And Gotlieb traveled to Basel Switzerland because he had heard that Sandoz was also selling LSD to the other side of the Iron Curtain. There was rumor that the Soviet Union had purchased like 20 million dosages of LSD. So he flew to bars with a suitcase full of cash and put it on the table of sto, the CEO, and said, I want the whole, the world supply of LSD. I'm here hereby buying the world supply of LSD.

(1h 11m 51s):
Which was, he said, your supply, like his intelligence, like told him that the Sandoz had produced something like I don know it's in the book. I forgot the number, like four kilograms of LSD. And he said, I wanna buy the whole, you know, four kilograms quite a lot, you know, because it's already potent in microgram dosages stores said, well, we only made 400 grams so far they, they hadn't even made that much, you know, but, so he bought the 400 grams and he set a mechanism in place that STO would always inform STO would not sell to the other side of the iron curtain. That's what the Sandoz had to, you know, basically assure him, of course the payback is Sandoz can still sell. It's all the other medicines in America doesn't have problems with the F FDA and the American, you know, that's, that's the, that's the pressure.

(1h 12m 38s):
Yeah. And, and, and then like Godttlieb takes, you know, the 400 gram back to the states. And it's now from now on, always informed when, like a scientist in an American university acquires LSD from SDOs, because they would not sell it openly in the beginning. They would only give it away basically to scientists. They were still in the product development phase 'cause they still weren't sure what can LSD, like, what do we write on the package, basically, what is, what's the indication? So Gottlieb was basically in the driving chair of LSD at that time. He got all the information from Basel, Switzerland who had LSD in the country.

(1h 13m 20s):
He had the most LSD, and then he had the idea to really look at how LSD can be used to manipulate people, basically. That was, that was like the big goal. And that's not an easy thing to achieve. And the way he did it was he let all the universities in the country, I think over like over 60 institutions, like, you know, the big universities of this big country, he let them all, you know, in their, in their special, you know, departments investigate LSD.

(1h 14m 0s):
But these tests are expensive. And what Gotlieb the idea Gotlieb had was university tests are often funded by foundations, let's say the Rockefeller Foundation, like a university wants to make like some pharmaceutical, you know, test series that goes over two years and, and involves all these people that you know, have to be paid. And it's, it's, it's expensive. Like it costs like, let's say $200,000 to make like one serious clinical test. So that money comes from the Rockefeller Foundation, for example. And the money first goes from the CCIA A to the Rockefeller Foundation. So he used not only the Rockefeller Foundation, but also the Rockefeller Foundation, but other, all other foundations as like, go-between, so he gave them money and they would finance research done in universities, which are supposed to be, I guess, neutral.

(1h 14m 53s):
Like just trying to figure out like what is, you know, science is, you know, you don't wanna see a guy to finance your science and then kind of manipulate through that money how your research is being done. And especially all the results going back to the people who, you know, bring the money. So that he was, he was, he was very efficient in setting up this program, which then I guess was called MK Ultra. And, but that's also, that's, that's, that's, that's how LSD really, that's what really went wrong with LSD MK Ultra. Yeah. Because it dominated a controlling force over the research.

(1h 15m 34s):
And a lot of research then was tailored to, like, there was crazy stuff happening. Like there was, even in Canada, at a university, like I I, I write about this in, in Tripped, this guy, and it sounds a bit like a Stanley Kubrick movie. Like he, he put people on constant LSD and then had speakers under their pillows, which would tell them like single sentences. Like he was, he was trying to see, can you break, can you like really drive someone mad with LSD, for example, can you deprogram a brain with LSD? So these, these are very creepy experiments. These are actually human experiments in a way.

(1h 16m 14s):
They were a continuation of the what DSS started in Dachau, but much more sophisticated. And they were done on American citizens. Like the m part of MK Ultra were so-called Safe Houses. The Safe houses. There was one in the West Village in Manhattan, one on Telegraph Hill in San Francisco. And in these safe houses, people would be, you know, would be approached on the street or in bars in, in, in lower Manhattan. And you know, invited to like a party come, we wanna come to, to my pad, you know, I have booze and, and, and it was like a cool apartment. And, but there was one large mirror and behind the mirror set an operative who was filming and listening in and recording.

(1h 16m 60s):
And then they checked like, what happens to a person if they receive unwittingly a dosage of LSD, you know, so this, this is quite unethical work that was done. Yeah. They also did Operation Midnight Climax. Yeah. That's in Telegraph Hill in San Francisco. Yeah. So that was a brothel. Yeah, it was, it was an apartment. They called it the Pad. But they hired sex workers, which then, you know, got an additional fee from the CIA for giving their clients from them. Also, they received their fee obviously, and then giving them LSD. But it was kind, I think it was a stupid actually experiment.

(1h 17m 42s):
I mean it's kind of spectacular Operation. Midnight climax looks great in a film, I guess. Sounds good. Yeah. I mean, it's, it's, it's, it's just show. It's, but it wasn't very effective. you know, what do you, what do you gain? What do you see? Like, right. Someone of course has a little bit different sex on Ls. I guess I don know sex on, on LSD, but it's, it's kind of stupid and it never led anywhere. Basically, Sidney Gottlieb wasted a lot of tax money and he brought a lot of suffering to people who were subjected to these unethical tests. And he had no result at the end. It's End definitely not a good thing that they did. But if you put your mind into their perspective back then trying to understand the effects of these drugs, they probably had limited resources.

(1h 18m 24s):
And, and without making these things legal and without like opening up the research to everybody, to this potentially powerful life changing drug I mean this drug could be something that could be used by foreign governments. It could be used against us, right? So they, they're probably very secretive in their approach. I mean, we, we kind of had the benefit of of, you know, 2020 hindsight. 'cause we're looking back, I mean Yes, it was the Cold War. And I think that they really believe that, that these threats from the Soviet Union, and they were threats from the Soviet Union, obviously. And brainwashing is a, is a specialty of communism, you know, so it's, it's, it's clear that they wanted to be, from his perspective, it makes sense, you know?

(1h 19m 12s):
Right. So, but it didn't help LSD to become a medicine because that was a time when there were no antidepressants yet developed and no antipsychotics. So I think LSD would've had a chance to actually become a very helpful medicine instead of being kind of an, an unhelpful weapon. 'cause it never worked as a weapon, so. Right. No, it's definitely unhelpful what they did. Yeah. And I, it might be understandable, but it's, it went the wrong way. It Went the wrong way. But it was also indicative of the kind of control that those people wanted over society and population, especially coming after World War ii.

(1h 19m 52s):
There's, there's a whole new order in the world. The United States emerges victorious. And you know, then there's this clamoring for trying to figure out, okay, what are, what is the enemy up to? What are these powerful tools that could be used against us? Us. And some of them could be mind control. I mean, this is obviously at a time where, you know, the red scare, right? There were the McCarthy era. They were worried about communism and communism infiltrating our society. And they're probably very terrified of things that disrupted, which is what was going on in the 1960s. you know, I, Jamie I'm gonna send you this, this is a, a, a video of hippies in the 1960.

(1h 20m 34s):
And what it, it kind of shows you that a lot of the stuff that we're seeing now with the disruption of society, this is, it's a very similar to what was going on in 1968 with an anti-war movement. you know, the free Palestine movement has a lot in common with a lot of other anti-war movements of the past where these people want peace and love. And, and back then, in the 1960s in particular, there were dropping acid. This is the Timothy Leary days, and, you know, tune out and drop out. And so play this, I Want, like If I wanna 1968 During cartwheels, I do that. if I wanna climb a tree, I do that. You have all these young kids coming from very rich, affluent, middle class society where they've been taking care of since they've been babies and never really had to do anything for themselves in a serious way.

(1h 21m 27s):
And now they come here and they want to be taken care of. One of the first questions that they'll ask is, what do you do? And so I say, I live, and they say, no I mean, do you work or what? And I say, no, I just live, A lot of people say to me, what are you doing? You're not doing any work. You're not working at a job. You tell 'em that you don't do anything and that you come to the park. It's like they can't believe you We're doing the hardest work in the world because we're growing, we're trying to change. We have a group of young people from upper middle class families who have moved into a physical environment that is an effective reversion. They're living in gross insanitary conditions with a great deal of overcrowding.

(1h 22m 9s):
There is a very high incidence of infectious hepatitis. About one fourth or one fifth of our total caseload in the venereal disease clinics appear to be hippies. Now I'm going on the appearance solely, and we have one case history in which young chap has been into the clinic 12 times in three months with 12 different cases of gonorrhea. Okay. So, so that guy, that last guy, yeah. With the salt and pepper hair and the tie and the nice suit, those are the people that were from another generation and were seeing this younger generation that was completely dropping outta society.

(1h 22m 49s):
And the what was causing that, there was a lot causing that the anti-war movement. But a lot of it was fueled by psychedelics. And they wanted to stop that. They wanted to stop this, this radical shift in society they were seeing from the 1950s to the 1960s. Yeah. There's an interview with one main aide of Nixon afterwards when he was already retired. And he said that they couldn't make it illegal to be black and they couldn't make it illegal to go on rallies and be against the war. Like it's an American principle that you can go to a demonstration, but they could make it illegal to take LSD and then criminalize Yeah.

(1h 23m 35s):
People. So it's, it's kind of the same thing that Ansing has started much earlier. Yeah. I mean it's a cycle that repeats itself over and over again when there, whenever there's a powerful disruptor that might be ultimately great for the human race, but bad for the power structures that are in place currently. They step in and They do their best to throw water on it. And what they did from the 19, the late 1960s into the 1980s, they radically shifted culture. Everything changed. Music sucked. Cars sucked. Everything sucked. It, there's, there's direct evidence that it had a huge impact on our creativity. If you look at the music from the 1960s, it was so radically different from the music from the 1950s.

(1h 24m 18s):
Something had happened. Yeah. I mean, that's why John Lennon said we have to thank the CIA because they gave us LSD I mean it is kind of interesting. Also, a young guy called Ken Kei was working at a psychiatric ward in Menlo Park, California. And he was part of MK Ultra, basically I mean he was a Guinea pig. He received 75 US dollars for taking LSD. And then he took LSD and his default mode network was default mode, no default mode network was, you know, had less energy. And he had, like he said, suddenly understood the crazies. you know, he was walking through the psychiatric ward and understanding a lot better like what's actually going on in the brain.

(1h 25m 5s):
And that's when he had the idea for one flew over the Cuckoo's nest, which made him so much money that he then decided to stop riding and buy a bus and drive around the country with his friends and dish out LSDs. It's kind of a, he made like a, a career change. Yeah. I Could see how the powers would be. I could see how the CIA and the government were like, we have to stop this. We have to put a stop this, this is gonna be the downfall of society, certainly downfall of the people that are in control of the government currently. It makes sense. And these people are necessary to be in control of the co the country because we are in a cold war with Russia. We just got outta World War Two. Well, also in the hot war with Vietnam. Yes. I mean that war was taking a big toll on the American society and suddenly there's like young people shitting on it, you know, saying, what the fuck?

(1h 25m 50s):
I'm not going there. you know? Right. So that I, that creates, that created a strong counter reaction by the regime. Yes. Which is to legalize LSSD, but poor LSD, you know, Poor LSD. And what's really unfortunate is that if that had not happened, who knows how transformative those substances would have been to society globally, if there was a great reckoning in the United States, if we understood things, if we got our, our act together, if we, we really cleaned up all the problems in society and did so on an egalitarian plane, we like recognize that there's work that can be done here where we can make life better for everybody.

(1h 26m 33s):
Have everybody recognize that we are literally all in this together and we are all connected. We need each other. We are a part of each other and we should treat each other, all of us. Like we are a community. I think that's the globalized narrative that we need. Yes. And, I think that is, I think it's the only way we survive. Yeah. I mean, this is the perspective that astronauts have when they go to the space station. They look down at this ball and they go, this is so crazy like that we are, we are fighting over imaginary boundaries that we've created lines in the dirt. I think it really is a problem of our language and of our communication skills, because we can only create a discourse within the United States possibly. You have the media, you have to Joe Rogan experience.

(1h 27m 15s):
You have, you know, you have a discourse and you have a discourse in other nation states, but there is no global discourse. I mean maybe when there's like a Olympic games, that's a type of global discourse that's happening maybe right now. That's why people kind of like to watch it right now because they feel we're connecting like from all over the world without being like total assholes. Right. Doing sports together. Isn't that nice? you know? And was like, when the opposing teams hug each other and make friends. Yeah. We, we need positive global communication because we have a lot of negative global communication. We have two I mean two very prominent wars right now and a lot of other conflicts. And we have global problems like the heating up of the planet, which leads to refugee floods and crisis and migration.

(1h 28m 5s):
I mean we have, we have a global theme, but how do we talk about it? There's no, there's no global government. Not that we, we need one or we should have one. But there's no global, basically there's no global end, there's no, there's nothing, you know? Right. But I don't necessarily think of global government's, the rule, because the problem is whenever people have control over people, they just want more. It's just, it's like everything else. It's like, if you have money, you want more money. If you have power, you want more power, you want control, you, you want more control. And it makes it easier for them to stay in control. And if you had a global world government that could tell people, no, you can't move to Switzerland where the laws are different. You can't move to Costa Rica. You have to, the laws apply everywhere. It's a global world order.

(1h 28m 46s):
We decide what you can and can't do. And we're not deciding it based on empirical evidence, fact objective analysis of reality. We're, we're doing on the basis of what's the most effective way that we can control and govern. I, I think that's like a horror scenario. That it's a horror scenario. We might be moving into, well, We're in it right now. We're, we're battling it. you know, there's rational, logical people that understand the consequences of these things that are fighting against it and talking against it. And then there's people that are saying we need centralized digital currency to compete with China like Jesus Christ. And where we're leading ourselves into a position that's very similar to many other positions that have, that societies have faced in the past, including ancient Greece where ancient Greece, the, where they develop democracy, the Palestinian mysteries, and then all that stuff got made illegal.

(1h 29m 34s):
And then society crumbles, things fall apart. It's no longer the center of intellectual discourse in the world. Everything goes away. They threw water on it in the 1960s with the, the psychedelics acts where they made everything schedule one. They, they locked people up that were anti-war protesters. They, they figured out a way to squash this sort of new movement of thought. I think. Yeah. I think it would be a step, a a step into the future if psychedelics were made legal and if we kind of move more towards, you know, 'cause the psychedelics, as we said before, are and humans are about transcendence, you know? Yes.

(1h 30m 15s):
It's about basically including the other and not being afraid of the other. And that fear of the other leads to violence against the others. Right. The psychedelic is, is is moving in the opposite way. Right. So it is, you know, obviously not a surprise that Nixon would illegalize. Of course, you know, the psychedelics, They're dangerous. Yeah. I really, they're Dangerous to power. They disrupt. So, But it's great for everyone. That's the crazy thing. The people that are making it illegal are the people that haven't experienced it. That's correct. Yeah. That's where it's crazy because it would be beneficial to them. They are human beings with a finite lifespan.

(1h 30m 55s):
Their experience on earth would be greatly enhanced if they had the perspective of a psychedelic encounter. Well, if I was chance love Germany, which I will never be, but if I was, I would make a psychedelic year. Like after high school, you have the opportunity to actually experience these substances. I think it would be very good for societies to think about rituals or mechanisms. Or discourse like what you said about the mysteries of your, that was the defining ritual of ancient Greece. The essence, the Athens society would move there in September.

(1h 31m 37s):
Like yes, they would go there, they would have this experience, they would talk about this experience. Yes. Because Of that experience. They could relate to each other. They could relate to their, to the planet that they live on. So that was a very healthy thing. And we today, because it's illegal, we can't, we don't have, we don't have this And, I don't know what I mean. Some things like Burning Man obviously are like attempts to create like ritualistic spaces. And I've never been there. And I heard. It's, it's, it's, it's kind of, it's kind of stupid because it's so expensive and kind of elitist. don don't know if that's true. But basically we need, We need something, but we Need something.

(1h 32m 19s):
Yeah. We need a legitimate structure. Because there's also a thing like that is described called spiritual narcissism where you, you, you start doing these things and you think that you have all the answers. And then you have people that are the ones who speak to these groups of people and they have all the knowledge. And we are all in this together. And it's essentially a cult. And it's really easy to run a cult. If everyone in the cult is naive and they're looking for a leader, they're looking for an answer. Maybe they've had a listless life that's, that lacks in direction, then all of a sudden someone comes along. And through this ritual, we can all transcend. And, you know, it becomes, so what are we gonna do?

(1h 32m 59s):
Lot of bullshit, you know? Well, We need real shamans. We need actual, legit shamans. And the problem is that term is in the, in our societies, much maligned, right? That term is, it is silly people that are in the jungle that are doing, you know, voodoo. But, but we need someone who is a legitimate psychedelic experiencer who is, who has a, a genuine, a genuine goal of advancing consciousness and advancing conscious growth and doing it in a very responsible way. One of the things that we would have to be careful of if you have something like a year of psychedelics is schizophrenia.

(1h 33m 44s):
We don't understand. I I, I, I didn't, I didn't say we, they, the young people should take psychedelics for a straight year, but maybe a year where they could take Well, They have a Possibility. They have possibility and some kind of structure. Maybe a place you can go and, well, We need, I think we need a structure for everybody. I think that's really the goal of this thing is to develop a sensible objective structure based on actual research, based on a real knowledge of real clinical data on dosages. Yeah. A real knowledge on which compounds are more effective for which particular ailments. Ibogaine, which you talked about iboga very effective for addiction. Yeah. My friend Ed went over to Mexico and got into an ibogaine clinic when he got hooked on pills and it cured him of it.

(1h 34m 25s):
Wow. Just one One experience. One experience. Yeah. That's What I heard. Also, I've known many people that have had real problems with pills and have knocked it with one iboga experience. So there's, there's a lot of different things that can be done that can benefit society tremendously. But it has to be done responsibly and it has to be done with real knowledge. And that real knowledge is only gonna be available if they open everything up to real research. And, and instead of being biased about this and So like, let, let it be open to everyone to have an objective analysis of what is actually going on. Have the naysayers and the, the, the people that are converted.

(1h 35m 6s):
Everyone debate this and try to have some sort of an understanding of what is good, what is bad, what's the right dose, what can be done, and what is the most effective setting. 'cause set in setting the part of the ritual aspect of it is important too, because you're setting an intention before you do these things. Which is why a lot of these people that are serious users of psychedelics, they don't like the concept of microdosing. And they don't like the concept of recreational use. They don't, like, they think these things are sacred and they should be used only in, in this one particular way. And I think this conversation would benefit everyone in society, including the people that want it illegal.

(1h 35m 46s):
That's what's ironic about it. The people that want it illegal, they are just human beings. They're just human beings that are Trapped in this paradigm. They're Trapped in the, the world that they live in. They're Trapped on the momentum of their actions and all the life that they've lived up until this moment. And they would benefit from it. I mean it would also give the western societies a tremendous push. you know, if psychedelics were allowed and there could be research and there could be, you know, it would probably encourage like a cultural flowering. And right now we have kind of a decay of Western culture, like western, western societies in crisis. And we don't really know how to get out of it. And the current recipes given to us by the camps that are now also competing for the US presidency, they don't really solve the problem.

(1h 36m 37s):
I mean. We all feel like in the last couple of years, more and more people feel that something is wrong and that something should change. I think somehow people are ready for revolution, but no one knows exactly what kind of revolution it should be. So people who tap into that are, are quite successful, even though they might not even provide, you know, what, what, what is actually needed to have that change. But we, we do need a change on a national level in Germany, in America and other countries as well as on a global level. And I think opening up our societies to psychedelic research and psych psychedelics, I would be curious to see a society which, which treats itself with that, you know, liberty and relaxation and curiosity.

(1h 37m 28s):
Right now we're all tense and we're saying, no, this is the, you know, the chemical wall in our brain. I just, I just don't think it works for, for a democratic western free society to have a chemical wall in, in the brain. Right. It's, it's, it's a contradiction. It keeps us back from really developing a society that is much better than the current society. Because the current society's pretty shitty actually. It's, and we really moved into it and, and we're Trapped. We're Trapped. But there is of course ways out. There can always be a so-called Revolution. We're talking about one right now. I mean, this is what's crazy. This isn't theoretical. Right. And. I. These are actual substances. I Mean. Yeah. We're talking about it now. And Kanye West on the show said he's the leader of the free world.

(1h 38m 11s):
Maybe we're maybe to today, we're now the leaders of the free world and we've gotta start a psychedelic revolution from this podcast on Work. Well, I think it has to be done everywhere with everyone. They, they have to demand freedom. And if you have freedom, ly freedom over your own consciousness is what McKenna talked about often. Yes. That it, it means nothing if you don't have freedom over your own consciousness. Especially freedom over your own consciousness with substances that have been shown to have dramatic positive effects on people. Yeah. So there's a lot of drugs that are very good positive drugs that people use on a regular basis. That if you take too much of them, you will die.

(1h 38m 53s):
So we know what the substances are, we understand what the correct dosage is. We understand what the LD 50 is, and we know how to prescribe them correctly. We should apply that same logic to psychedelics. I mean, I, but Hoffman was thinking about this in the fifties. This was another document I found in the archives. He set up a memo, Toto the CEO writing that Sandoz should now focus on these psychedelic substances. We should examine all the possibilities. We should create new compounds. We should, you know, we should become the psychedelic pharmaceutical powerhouse in the world. And that idea is really, it's a great idea. It is a great idea. And Dole just said no, because he had been visited by Sidney Gottlieb who basically said, no, don't do it.

(1h 39m 39s):
Well it's guys like that guy in the suit and tie with the salt and pepper hair. There's no nonsense Republican right wing controlling. But I think it's also, these guys are a little bit of the past I mean, I'm, I'm quite surprised, for example, in America I get approached by, you know, different camps about Tripped in a very positive way. 'cause I think somehow that anti-drug rhetoric is losing ground. Yes. That's the feeling I have. Well, it's losing. That makes me a little bit optimistic. It's Losing ground because of the internet. So, so the narrative up until the internet came around was that these things destroy lives and then all of a sudden people are saying, you know, actually not really. And then you have the positive effect that it has on people that are suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder coming back from the war.

(1h 40m 23s):
It's really what maps is concentrating on. Yeah. Right. The mainstream media really is a problem in this regard because They're a problem with everything. Well they're, they're, they're essentially a propaganda network that is passing itself off as the news. It kind of comes from Randolph Hearst in a way. I mean, it Certainly does. Yeah. I Mean I mean he kind of set the tone. Absolutely. But I mean, I'm sure there were people doing that before. If you have control of the newspaper, and especially back then with hers publications, there's very few newspapers in, in the country and especially ones that were respected. If you have control over that narrative, you put something in the newspaper and people read it, they read that as that, oh my God, that is a fact. This is what's happening.

(1h 41m 3s):
People today are far more skeptical, particularly after the pandemic. I think the pandemic kind of shook things up to a point where it's much more difficult to pass off propaganda today than it was even just four years ago. I mean, that's why I was quite excited to come on this podcast, on this experience because I think you have actually created a space where free thought is possible and free communication. It's like a stage that you've created. I think it's actually quite an, quite an impo important artwork that you have established here. I mean, it's not so easy to create like your own media that has a global reach. So Thank you.

(1h 41m 43s):
I don't know how happened. Thanks for happened. It just happened. I think it made itself Maybe. Yeah, I, I think so Because the concept was right. Well, I think, look, I'm the one who's the host of it. So I would be the best to judge. I do not think I'm really responsible for this thing. I think this thing wanted to be made and it made itself, and it did it in a very sneaky way. It did in a very sneaky way. Where originally it was just me having fun with my friends, just so the webcam, me and Brian and then Eddie Bravo and Thom Ger and all my friends. We'd just come over and just talk, just have a good time. And then it started to be where it got enough downloads where I could contact someone like Graham Hancock and say, Hey, tell me about ancient civilizations.

(1h 42m 24s):
Come on my podcast. Right? Anthony Bourdain, tell me about your travels. And then it became much, much bigger and it sort of, I I genuinely believe it tricked me into making it. When was the breaking point when it got big? Like What year? It was very gradual. It was very gradual. I'll tell you when I realized it, I think it was like 2011 or 2012, I was on stage in the Chicago Theater. And I was doing comedy. And I. I, I asked the audience, I was gonna tell a story from the podcast. And I said, how many of you guys listen to the podcast? And it was just, yeah, 3,700 people cheering. And I was like, whoa, I'll never forget that moment.

(1h 43m 4s):
'cause I was like, oh, one of the things that I used to do, And I still do is I don't look at the numbers. I don't pay attention. I don't pay attention to how many downloads. I'm not like feverishly checking the that's good. What's good and what's bad and what don don't look at like what the retention is when people drop out. I don't, that's up to them. My job is to just have an interesting conversation with people that I'm actually excited about talking to. That's my only job. So the way I book it, I completely book it based on my interests. don don't, don don't have a publicist that's like examining trends and this person's pop. I don't that's Yeah.

(1h 43m 44s):
Do any of that. Yeah. Keep of it. I think it made itself, yeah, I think it made itself, I think it's a trick. I think it's like the muse, like the muse sort of like brings these ideas into your head. I think the universe gave birth this thing And. I know. It's a stupid hippie thing to say. It sounds ridiculous, but if anybody should know it's me. And if anybody should want to take responsibility and be proud of something, it would be me. Right. But I'm not, I, I feel like it's not really me. I feel like this thing wanted to be made And I think this is one of many of these things that want to be made all around the world. And that's why podcasts are developing. I think there's a hunger for honest discourse and real conversations with people that exists everywhere.

(1h 44m 24s):
And I think that's why podcasts are exploding. That's, that's what, where you don't have a gatekeeper anymore to your Ability to discuss things. Yeah. Because people are so frustrated with mainstream media. Well, you shouldn't have gatekeepers. You shouldn't have someone who your, the, the narrative that you're pushing out to the world is heavily influenced by the people that are advertising on your channel. Yeah. Heavily influenced. Yeah. So there's certain things you cannot criticize. There's certain things you will gaslight the median or the, the, the public into believing is a good thing when it's probably not really a good thing. You will say things in a very biased perspective. You'll attack particular individuals. Yeah. You not just attack political individuals. You'll attack them with a very specific narrative that gets repeated over and over and over again to the point where they make these compilations of these media pundits saying the exact same thing over and over and over again.

(1h 45m 13s):
This is not news. This is not real discourse. This is not real human beings discussing things and trying to figure out what's right and what's wrong. This is propaganda and this is most of what people get. And inside that propaganda are some real news. There's, there's actual specific information about the weather. There's actual, you know, real reports about conflicts breaking out overseas and all sorts of different things. But at the end of the day, it's not real conversation. So real conversation was able to flourish. 'cause people had this hunger for it and they didn't even know they wanted it until they got it. I mean it was thought when we first started making podcasts that everyone was moving to a much shorter attention span.

(1h 45m 53s):
Right. And that most of the things that were going to be popular in the future were like 10 minute things, like very quick things, you know, which is like a lot of the truth today with TikTok and Instagram reels and, you know, all these things that we, that people like short attention span, just, it just captures you. It just gives you nothing and you just keep scrolling and looking. And we thought that's what people were moving to. Yeah. But then podcast came along and podcast came along with three hour conversations with scientists that get 50 million views. And then people are like, whoa. Okay. So it's not that people aren't intellectually curious, it's not, people aren't want, they don't have this want to be engaged. They do. Everybody does just, it. Just, they're not being fed correctly.

(1h 46m 35s):
I mean, it's also one of the beauties. I mean, I'm here as a writer of literature. Actually I mean if I decide to work on a book, I don't get influenced by anybody. And. I have a very large space in which I can develop my thoughts and my narrative. That's why I'm actually active in this field. I think there might be similarity between a podcast and literature because they both go into the long form and into immersion into something. Absolutely. Yeah, absolutely. I mean literature is the ultimate form of that. Right? Because the amount of time that it takes for you to ponder the sentences and the paragraphs and putting them all together and the order in which you say things and the way you captivate and compel the reader, it's very similar.

(1h 47m 19s):
And it's all coming from your mind too, which is also very similar. When I hear you talk on a podcast, if I'm a listener and I'm listening, I hear one human being who's talking about your analysis of all the data and all the research that you've done to create this book that's not really available in most places anymore. Right. But people want that 'cause they want to know what, what did this guy find out? What does he know and how does he know it? Let me listen to him. And along the way, especially, we're having a three hour conversation along the way. Let me hear if he says some crackpot things. Let me hear if he says some things like, oh, that guy's a kind of a kook. Oh, that guy's not really thinking clearly. Oh, that guy's kind of full of shit. Oh, he's saying that, but there's no way he really believes that.

(1h 47m 59s):
Okay, now I know. Now I'm suspicious. Now I now I can kind of like look at this through a filter of reality. So I think maybe we should talk a little bit about Blitzed, the Nazis and drugs. Sure. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Let's, I thought that's why you had me here. I thought that would be like your subject of fascination. Oh, It's part of it for sure. I, I wanna talk to you about everything. you know, I just was interested in talking to you soon. I mean immediately when I saw the what you, what you're talking about when I saw you on the Jesse Walter show. Okay. That was kind of funny to me because that was really speaking to an audience I usually don't speak to. But it was great, you know? Yeah. Well he loved the book. They're Willing to take much more chances on Fox News than they are on other networks.

(1h 48m 41s):
Probably. Yeah. In a strange way. Well, I think they, that started with Tucker Carlson in a lot of ways. But the Jesse Waters thing was interesting because you got to scratch the surface a little bit. Yeah. It was just seven minutes, not three hours. Yeah. So tell me about Blitzed. What do you wanna know? Well, First of all, what was, when was the first, when was the creation of amphetamines and when did it start getting utilized by military and by people like Hitler? Well, there's like a rumor going on that it started at the Olympic Games in Berlin 1936. Because an American Afro-American athlete named Jesse Owens was running faster than the white Aryan.

(1h 49m 27s):
German superheroes Jumping further and winning I think five gold medals. The rumor was he must be on something similar kind of to Anslinger. Like the jazz people are only so good because they're on something, you know? Right. So there was like, was he on Zarine? Because Zarine was an American product that was already available and it's basically speed. And there were no doping checks at the, at this, at these Olympics. I think they were the last Olympic games without doping checks. Really? Yeah. So you could basically take everything, but it's never, no one knows Jesse. Oh. He was just good you know? Right. So, but there was a guy called Teo Tela, who was the head of the Tela factory, and he said to his chemist, after the Olympic games, we have to create a better amphetamine, like a better than the American amphetamine.

(1h 50m 19s):
This, this can never happen again. like a, like an Afro-American is faster than the white, white guys, you know. So, and then was the chemist's name he likes, did research about amphetamines. And he found that in Japan, a chemist called Naga in 19 70 17, quite a, quite a while ago, actually, this was in 1936, so already 19 years earlier, a Japanese chemist had made meth amphetamine and meth amphetamine is stronger than amphetamine. So how she thought, I'm gonna make a new methamphetamine. So he found a new way of synthesizing meth. you know, you can, there's different ways you can make meth, I guess.

(1h 51m 2s):
And he found a specific way that this Tela company then patented the patent that was issued in Berlin in October, 1937. And then they put it on the market in 1938, methamphetamine became available. No one said it was like a, a drug or anything. It was just a new medicine. You didn't even even need a prescription. You could just, like a child could go into a pharmacy and say, I want 10 packages of methamphetamine. And, you know, it was cheap also. And you got it. It was, it was branded as Pervitin Perine we say in German. There It is, There is pe. Wow. There's pein and pein, and pein then became very, you know, fashionable.

(1h 51m 48s):
Look how innocuous that little container looks. Who would imagine that's how they sell meth? I nuts. I think, I think this could already be, and I'm going to get to this in a second for the military, but first it was a drug that was just on the market in the civil society. There was no war yet in 1938. 1938 was actually kind of the height of the Hitler regime. Like people loved him. There was full employment. I mean there were, was oppression against the Jews. But if you were like a national socialist, you thought that was good, basically. So the problem was, or I mean, there were many problems, but the, the, the reality was that it was like a steam engine. Like it was the society was really working.

(1h 52m 30s):
Everyone had a job, everyone was taking part, or that also created, it was basically a modern capitalist society that also created a lot of stress. You also always have to compete. Like you have to go from meeting to meeting. Like the, the German economy was booming, so people loved meth. There was no coffee available because Germany didn't have like colonies like France, where they, you know, they couldn't bring in coffee. I don't even know if there was coffee. you know, probably you could get it maybe somewhere, but it was not a normal thing to like go into a cafe in the morning and have a, you know, coffee. So this methamphetamine became very popular. Like workers used it in the factor they could, you know, increase their output and party. People used it because it was also, it, it it, it boosted your ego.

(1h 53m 14s):
So it was, you know, you go into a meeting, an important meeting, you take a bit of math before. So it was, it wasn't stigmatized, you know, it was just, it was, they called it performance enhancing. Performance enhancing substance. So it was, that's a neutral term, you know, they made studies at universities showing that there's actually good against anything, also against depression, and it would increase your sexual drive. And it was like people thought this is the greatest thing. Basically, there was no studies being done yet on addiction. Which, which, which obviously is a problem of meth. But also we have to understand that this meth that Tela produced is not the crystal meth that's being produced in a, in a, in a trailer somewhere.

(1h 53m 58s):
you know, in a, in a, in a, in a, in, in, in, in southern, in a southern state or so, I don't know. It's a different, you know, it was made by a pharmaceutical company. The way I found out about Pein was actually, is actually a funny story because I didn't know anything about, no one knew anything about Nazis and drugs. As I said before, like in, in, and in 2010, I'm asking a friend of mine who's a DJ in Berlin, Alex is his name. I said to him, what should I write about next? What should my next book be? 'cause I'd written three novels and no, no, it was about to write the fourth novel. And he said, you should write about Nazis and drugs. I said, well, but they didn't take any drugs, you know, because I, and he said they did And I said, how do you know no one's ever talked about this before?

(1h 54m 41s):
He said, well, yesterday I received P Vine, which I said, what is P Vine? He said, well, it's methamphetamine from the, so-called from the Third Reich. The Reike being a propaganda term by the Nazis. That's why I'd like to say the, so-called Third Reich. How did this happen? He had a friend who was an antique dealer. And in 2010, this antique dealer in East Berlin had purchased like in an old, like in an apartment that where people died. Like, you know, then the antique dealers come in and they take furniture. Like they pay maybe a little, they like, he bought a medicine chest and he opened the medicine chest and there was Pavi inside from the 1940s. And that antique dealer, who was a friend of the Alex, the dj, he looked at it and it said, on the package contains methamphetamine.

(1h 55m 24s):
He's like, what? So he took it with his partner. They were curious, you know, And I later met this guy and he said, for one month we took this ine. And it was like, so great. Like it was, he said it was not too strong. It was, it made us happy. We were very active, we worked a lot, we had great sex. It was like, great. And then Alex, the DJ being very interested in all kinds of drugs, he also took it, and he told me this in my writing tower in Berlin. He said, after the first ine, I could feel that something's coming on, that there was, you know, there was like increased energy level. Then I took another one, and these are pills, which are, which were like 70 years old, and they were still fun.

(1h 56m 7s):
They were still working. And then I took a third one and my riding tower was right at the river in Berlin. And there was like a big ship passing by. And he said, And, I felt like this ship when the big engines turned on. And the, the, the shoot, like the push of the, of the engine, like moving the whole big ship forward. That's how I felt after three tablets. I said, this is insane. you know, And I googled it, and there was like, just a little on the internet, there was one me medicine historian who had like, totally, totally unknown guy, but I mean a researcher who had written like a two page thing that the German Blitzed Creek, which is the German word for speed war, like the Nazis strategy, how to lead a war, was only possible because of methamphetamine, because of this.

(1h 56m 53s):
P And I read this. And I said, this is crazy. Maybe I should write about this. And I contacted. So it's a, it's a very odd story how this came about. you know, And I contacted this academic, he was at the university of, I traveled down there, I met him and he said, yeah, this, there's actually a lot more to find, but I just didn't have the time because he's investigating all kinds of things, you know, he was just, this was just a side project of his. And he, he gave me the signatures in, in, in archives, you get a signature. Every, every document has a signature. And he gave me like the signatures where I can find like all the documents on the math, on math. During the, during Nazi times, this was in the military archive of Germany, which is housed in Freiburg in southern Germany.

(1h 57m 40s):
Germany is a decentralized country. So not all archives are in Berlin, for example, the military archive is in this small town called Freiburg. The military archive is almost bigger than the town, you know, 'cause the German military has done so much shit. you know, in the first we lost two world wars, I mean, that's quite, that's, that's world record for sure. So, and everything that the German armies did is, you know, documented. 'cause the Germans loved to document, like everything is written down. So the military archive is huge. And because I had the signatures from this guy, he basically did the legwork for me. I, I, I could look at all the files and then I realized that the German army was using methamphetamine. And it, it's, it's another interesting story how that came about.

(1h 58m 20s):
Because a professor called Aranka, he was the head of the Institute for Defense Physiology of the German army. And basically his job was to enhance the fighting capability of the soldier. So he was researching in 38, how can we combat fatigue? 'cause he said, not the Russians our biggest enemy, not the British, not even the French, you know, our biggest enemy is fatigue. Because you get tired in the evening, you fight the whole day, and then you need to sleep. What a, what a waste. you know, that's not good. We have, he was looking for a way to come to, to beat this enemy sleep, you know?

(1h 59m 2s):
And then when ine came onto the market, he started reading studies done by universities, and they very clearly show that on meth, And, I think this is an experience that people who have used meth probably would sign, you know, you, you don't sleep as much, you know, it keeps you awake because all your dopamine is released. So your brain is basically in a fight or flight mode, like your methamphetamine makes you extremely alert over a very long period of time. And then at one point, obviously you drop down and you get the urge to take it again, this is how the addiction works. But he was not in, he was not, you know, looking at addiction problems.

(1h 59m 41s):
He was just looking at, does it really work to keep a soldier awake maybe for two hours longer on the battlefield? Because there's this saying from Napoleonic times the last 15 minutes in a battle that that's the decisive 15 minutes. Like who's, who wins in the end wins, you know? Right. So if you have a, if you have something that keeps your man awake for longer than the enemy has, then you have a, a decisive advantage. So he may test don don't know. I, I have like, there's photos of it in my book Blitzed, where you see like the young medical officers, like he was working in a, in a institution that was breeding medical officers for the German army.

(2h 0m 24s):
So he gave these young guys placebo, methamphetamine coffee, just to check, check and like, can they sustain longer on math? And they could, they could actually, they were more active. Like these tests started at 8:00 PM and went until 10:00 AM And the math people, like, they were awake the whole night, you know, they were filling out, you know, they had tests like you had to draw things or repeat orders or like solve mathematical questions. And the math people were like going at it until 10:00 AM and then some said, and now we want to go out like now. Then they wanted to party while the caffeine people don don't know if we can see that image. It's kind of funny. Can you pull that up?

(2h 1m 4s):
Yeah. I'm not sure which image it's Though like the, You know, your mic's not on Jamie, Just not sure which one it is I'm looking at. It's just, it's a lot of images in they're all Go. Yeah, this one. So these guys are all methed up. Well, you see like going up, maybe you see like the s you know, sleeping there s means shine tablet, which is placebo to the left of him is a Pervitin guy. He's quite happy to, the right of him is a Zarine guy. That's the b And that's another stimulant. That's another, that's the American stimulant, which is not as potent as methamphetamine. I mean Methamphetamine is more potent than amphetamine. It's like a difference between like a Mercedes and a bicycle or something.

(2h 1m 47s):
Okay. Yeah. What is a C? C is coffee. Coffee. Yeah. There's a few more images where you, like, This is like at taken at four 15 in the morning. This is taken at five 50 in the morning. Yeah. Go back maybe to the four 15. Hmm. That guy's head's moved. Well, I mean here we, here we see photos. I mean, then he obviously, like, he obviously looked at the results of, you know, the people filling out and there's more pictures later in the day when the, when the, when like the s person is like yawning what you see in front of him, the perverting person. Like he's not yawning. Yeah. He's like, he's like, ready?

(2h 2m 27s):
Yeah, He's ready for the next questionnaire. you know, he can't sleep for like another day. But the Guy in the back though, that's a pee. His head is down. I think he's see him the Far right. I think he's solving a, Yeah, he might be studying things. Well, in any case, maybe go one picture down. Yeah, that one. Like, that's how, that's how the, the test, like he did. So he, he saw that with, if you take two times zero, six milligrams of ine on the right there, that black bar that people, they, they don't show any fatigue at all. He basically came to the conclusion it does work. Yeah, it does keep you awake. And he also found out something, which is I think is kind of funny.

(2h 3m 8s):
He found out that on meth you are less capable of solving higher complex, higher complex questions. So math keeps you up, but it makes you a little bit dumber. Oh. Like things that are really that demand, like abstract, a very abstract thinking or you know, you know, more complex, you know, things, you're not better on meth, is It? Because meth sort of rushes you to come to a Conclusion. Yeah, yeah. And also you feel too good about yourself and that self-criticism is lowered. Right, Right. And he concluded that this is perfect for the German soldier. It makes you awake longer and it makes you a little bit more stupid because a soldier just needs to follow orders.

(2h 3m 51s):
Right. He just needs to shoot for a long time, you know? Right, right. And so he, he, he got all excited about it. This was in 38. His last test he did was in 39. Then Germany was about to invade Poland September 1st, 1939, beginning of World War ii. And he said to his, you know, his superior was in America, it's called the Surgeon General German, that's a different name. But the highest medical guy in the army who, you know, determines basically at, at the end of the day what is given to the soldiers. So he wrote to his boss, and this was kind of an old school guy, the boss, like he was still from the first World War. And he read the reports and he's like, why we need to use a chemical drug to enhance the per, like, he didn't get it, basically.

(2h 4m 33s):
So he said, we're not using this in the, in the attack on Poland. And then Aranka, the professor really believed in meth. And I wrote, I read his war diary, like every officer was required to write like a diary during the war. And in his war diary, you can clearly see that he himself became addicted to, to meth. Wow. Like he writes about it. So great. I don't even understand how I could even do a day at the office without meth. Why is not everyone taking it? But then like a few months later, it's like, I feel very depressed this morning. Even the ine I'm using does not help me anymore against my depression. Like, it didn't understand that this was actually the problem.

(2h 5m 15s):
So he, that he was becoming addicted himself and he needed higher and higher dosages. He did, yeah. And he became quite unhinged, but he was like the meth guy of the German army. But he was still doing, you know, his job. And he asked the medical officers in the field in Poland. Poland was beaten by Germany within a few days, actually, I think 17 days or something. It was a quick, a quick victory, actually. Quite surprising that it was so quick. But it, it happened so quick. And a lot of medical officers wrote back to him that ine was actually quite helpful. It, they said things like And, I studied all these reports for Blitzed, And I quote, I'm quoting some of them in Blitzed.

(2h 5m 57s):
Like it really helped all soldiers achieve their workload, like do their workload, which was basically killing or, you know, invading a foreign country. So Ran again, was very excited. And he, he, he said to his, to the surgeon general, because then after the successful campaign against Poland, it was now going against the West France, the old enemy of Germany. Like we had had a war, 1865 Germany won. And then in World War I, Germany lost. And now Hitler wanted like the revenge, you know, now we have the, the third one, we're gonna win the third one. But his high command was saying, let's please not do it because the French Army, LA Grand Army was supposed to be the best army in the world at the time, in, in the late thirties, early forties.

(2h 6m 44s):
Like, they were really proud of their army. The French and it I mean it wasn't good, but they, everyone thought it's good. And they also had an ally, which was very powerful. Great Britain, you know, the World's Empire. You know, those, so these two powers to attack from Germany, these two powers was considered insane by the high command. Like they thought Hitler's just a lunatic. And Hitler wanted to attack the West already in November, 1939, like Poland was beaten. The, the, the German military actually needed a lot of repairs because even in a successful campaign, you lose a lot of machinery, you lose a lot of people, you know. So everyone said, let's not do it. Let's just, you know, get back on track and, and, and develop a strategy which we, with which we can win against the West.

(2h 7m 31s):
'cause they knew there is no strategy, because that was exactly what happened in the, in, in World War I Germany attacked from the north of Belgium and there was a stalemate. And then in the end, Germany lost, because Germany is one country and it cannot win against, you know, so many countries. So they, they said it's not gonna work, you know, and, but Hitler was very stubborn and he said it will work. But they blocked him. There was even a coup attempt in November 39 against him, which failed. And then he had a breakfast meeting February 17th, 1943, kind of revolutionary tank generals, f Stein Gutian and Ramel Ramel later becoming very famous Tank General, came to Hitler in Berlin in the, in the rice chancellor and said, we have a plan.

(2h 8m 19s):
We know it's gonna work. We can beat them because we will not use the tanks as everyone expects us to use the tanks. Which is kind of more in the back kind of backing up the infantry and you know, being like the backup guys, like the heavy guys in the back. Like, we will use the tanks in the front and make the tanks kind of overrun the enemy. And Hitler's like, whoa, this is a crazy thought. He loved crazy thoughts. So he's like, this is a good thought, but how, where are we gonna do it? And they said, we're gonna do it in an area, And I also, I also send an image, don don't know if we need it, but it's a, it's a, it's interesting. They decided on an area which is the Den Mountains. And the Den Mountains is a mountain range in Belgium, which is exactly between the north of Belgium, where the Western allies were massing their defense forces and France, where the French also had heavy defense, but in this mountainous terrain, it wasn't heavily fortified.

(2h 9m 15s):
So they said, we're gonna go through the Aden Mountains within three days and three nights, but we can't stop at night because if we stop and kind of sleep at night, you know, they will know that we're there. And then they will come from the north and the south and the Pensa movement destroy our advance. So we have to, you know, not stop. And within three days and three nights, we have to reach through Belgium, the mountains, the Swiss, sorry, the French border town of Seddon. We have to get there. 'cause then we will be faster. 'cause they will still be stuck in the north of Belgium. Like we will be faster than them. And we'll race through all the way to the channel, and then we will be in the back of them and destroy them. So we will have kind of surrounded them. This is what Churchill later called the sickle cut.

(2h 9m 57s):
And this was a, this is the sickle cut. Yeah. you know, you see, you see where they're going through and, and then kind of, you know, branch off to the, to the north and to the south and encircle the allied forces there in the north and the French forces there in, in the south, like being further within enemy territory than the defenders. It's a crazy plan. And the only problem is that, that that thing of not sleeping for three days and three nights. So they were not sure how to solve that problem actually. And Hitler said, this is not a problem. The German soldier is so convinced of the ideology of national socialism, of fighting for me, the, they will not sleep.

(2h 10m 41s):
I didn't sleep in the first World War. Hitler was a soldier in the first World War. And he claimed that he was awake and didn't need sleep and stuff like that. So he, he kind of said that the ideology will make the normal German soldier into the superhuman soldier doesn't need to sleep, which is bullshit. Obviously everyone needs to sleep, you know, not because you are convinced of an idea, you don't need to sleep. And another fact is that actually soldiers were not convinced at all. You know, the German army was the German army. Of course there were many Nazis in the German army. But at the beginning of the war, they were also just, you know, young guys. And they were not like burning for Hitler. They were actually quite pissed. They had to go to war against the West. Like they were, they were scared.

(2h 11m 21s):
Like I read reports on like mass depression before the attack started, of people who just said, we, we are gonna lose. you know, this is not possible. 'cause to launch a successful invasion into enemy territory, you need a three to one superiority in manpower and in weaponry. And the Germans were actually, they had less people, less soldiers than the West. And they, they are weapons were not as good, for example, that tanks were not as good as the British tanks. So it was basically they, there was a lot of, a lot of doubt that this madman plan by these three young revolutionary generals and Hitler supporting this madman plan would actually work.

(2h 12m 1s):
But then Aranka thought, this is my calling now, this is my hour. And he presented his findings that actually you don't need to sleep for three days and three nights on methods possible. If you give enough math to a person, you can stay awake for five days. So suddenly his findings became very interesting. He was invited to the high command, he was giving lectures. He wrote a, so-called stimulant decree. don don't know if you wanna see that. I found that also in the, in the archive in Freiburg. It was the first official paper by an army where the soldiers were basically invited or ordered, or it was suggested to them to take a powerful, you know, synthetic stimulant, which is, this is the stimulant decree.

(2h 12m 48s):
It says, for example, this was distributed to all the medical officers. So they knew, you know, how to use the meth. So for example, it says what to what, what you could give, if someone took too much, like, then you give like a sleeping, sleeping pill. It also says it's, it's quite interesting. What are the side effects? And the side effects are aggression. So that was like a desired side effect, you know? Right. So Ronco was suddenly very popular. He, he was on, he was on top of the world. There's another paper I found, which then, which shows how many dosages. Then the German army ordered from the Tela company just before they attacked France.

(2h 13m 28s):
And this is 35 million dosages. So finding that document was also kind of fun. Wow. Yeah. 35 million. Yeah. And so were they on a large dose of this when the, the soldiers, Well, it's interesting then to see how those 35 million dosages were being used. Because they were used asymmetrical. They were candid out, especially to the tank troops. 'cause the tanks were at the forefront. And these tanks could not stop. So everyone in these tanks was basically high on crystal meth. Crystal meth, like all the way through the advance. And there's reports by the French, by the French army that they simply could not understand their opponent anymore.

(2h 14m 13s):
Wow. Like, they didn't sleep. They just chased through, they behaved like madman. Basically. Ramel was seen at one point, totally high on meth, like standing in the tank. Like the lid was open. He was standing there and they were ra racing at night through a French village where the French army had camped. 'cause they needed to sleep because it's kind of, I guess funny don don't know, funny is the right word. But France also had sort of, not a stimulant decree, but they had the rule that in a, in a war situation, and this had been beneficial in World War I, each French soldier has the right to drink three quarters of a liter of red wine per day. So when France was attacked by Germany, I think it was 17,000 trucks with red wine, drove from the French wine regions to the front lines and distributed the red wine.

(2h 15m 5s):
So the French guys were like drinking red wine, which is a mood enhancer, but it does make you tired, you know? Right. Especially three quarters of a liter. So the Germans were messed up, and the French were like, kind of drowsy. So that, that scene with Ramel I described, he's standing in the open lid of the, of the tank going through this village at night and left and right are kind of the French soldiers kind of sleeping basically. And he just fires with the tank left and right. And he runs over people and he's like a complete madman. And then the French got scared, they got very scared and they ba their defenses collapsed. Germany beat France in a few days, you know, wow.

(2h 15m 45s):
Big neighbor that in first World War, Germany had been fighting, like they had been fighting four years, like moving like a meter a day and the next day back. And this time because of the methamphetamine charging through. And you know, Hitler was in Paris in, in, in June already. you know, that's the story of Blitzed in a nutshell, or a part of Blitzed. Wow. Isn't it incredible? That's not, that's not taught in school. Actually. I mean, that seems like A massive factor. I do give talks now in school now. Yeah, no, no, but no historians touched the subject. Right. I, I spoke to, for this book, I, I collab, not collaborated, but I had advice from a leading German historian, an elderly gentleman who passed away Zen, like the leading German historian, national socialism.

(2h 16m 38s):
Really cool guy. I met him, I showed him my findings from the archives and he's like, we overlooked this the whole time because we historians have no clue about drugs. Like we don't, we never, it it has to enter your mind in, in a way that this might have a relevance. Historians are very square people, or at least used to be very square people. And national socialism is such a serious topic that out of the box thinking is not really encouraged within the academia, at least, you know, and but me being a non historian, I, I could think out of the box. So yes, he said, this is the missing puzzle piece that we need to know to understand what actually went down in World War ii.

(2h 17m 23s):
So he was very much behind it and wrote a preface to the German edition also. So it was, it was interesting to communicate with, with, with him, obviously about it, because he helped me, you know, also put things into perspective because also he, what one thing he said was don't argue argument in a mono causal way. Like, it's kind of flippant to say the Blitzed click was only possible because of methamphetamine. It's a, it's, it's, it's methamphetamine played a huge role. And I examined that huge role. I think it was probably one of the decisive factors.

(2h 18m 3s):
But you know, many fact, in a war, many factors come together. So, Right. But if you can't stay awake for three days, none of it works. Yeah. Then, you know, world War II would've been very, very different. If you wanna make cement, you have to add water. Yeah, yeah. And I mean it's not a, if you look at it from a military standpoint, it actually makes, you know, a lot of sense that the, the, the problem in Germany, Nazi, Germany they then had, was that the army was so crazy about meth and also the Air Force they were using, giving it to pilots in the, we say loft in the, in the air battle against Great Britain. That was like a decisive air battle in the late, you know, late 1940 after France had been beaten by Germany, conquered, then it was Germany against Great Britain.

(2h 18m 49s):
There was a lot of fighting in the air between Royal Air Force and the German Luft. And the German Luft was, you know, methed up to, to, but because they had less pilots, Kamikaze pilots. Right. That's a big one. Yeah. We're talking about suicide flights. We, we've talked about that before. Japanese factory workers also used methamphetamine To work longer. I mean Japan was an ally of Germany. Right. They were part of the evil axis. So Japan had knowledge that methamphetamine was successfully used in the European theater of, of, of this war. So they used it also in the kamika pilots against American, you know, ships and stuff. So where were we, we Were, were the effect of meth on the soldiers and also the effectiveness of it during the Blitzed Greig.

(2h 19m 41s):
But then also the Japanese pilots, the Japanese were using it, the kamikazes were using it. I mean the pro. Oh yeah, no, I wanted to talk about something that became a problem then the German military, because then suddenly there were guys in the, for example, the, so-called Health ura, which is like the Minister for health in German. Nazi Germany was called the health F He was like an enemy of PE because he said he like used the old argument, we are superheroes anyhow from our genes because we are a superior race. you know, we don't need a stimulant to perform these miraculous acts on the battlefield. So he wanted the army to stop the methamphetamine.

(2h 20m 21s):
And I studied all the letters going back and forth between like high command and the Ministry of health. And the, the army basically said, we're not stopping this. We're a modern army. We're using modern means to, you know, achieve our goals. So this actually shows that that hit Hitler's is full of shit when he says, you just need to install the right ideology in people. And then they are, you know, mo motivated. It's actually, Germany was Nazi, Germany was a very, you know, modern system that was using this to their advantage. And the army was a modern, you know, war machine. And they used it very effectively. And that's why also other than armies who learned about this, it took them a while.

(2h 21m 1s):
Like the British needed quite a while to understand what was going on. But there was one point a headline in America, in the British newspaper, when does Churchill U also use victory in form of a pill? Because in an Italian newspaper in the fall of 1940, there was an article on the German lutra using a gio or like a courage pill, which was this methamphetamine. Ah. So then the British became like, we have to, we have to examine this. And they actually made tests in England comparing methamphetamine with amphetamine and decided that for the British guys, for the English guys, amphetamine is better. 'cause it's not so strong.

(2h 21m 41s):
Like the Nazis always take the strongest. And the British were like a little bit more hesitant. And it is, it is actually a smart choice because methamphetamine does burn you out. Obviously it's a, it's an addictive drug that's not healthy. And amphetamine is also not healthy, you know, but it's not as ed, it doesn't make you as edgy. So you can, you can take it over a longer period of time, I guess, while methamphetamine really burns you out. I spoke in my research for Blitzed with one medical officer that was still alive, that had served in World War II for the German army in Staling, in Stalingrad, actually. He was in Stalingrad. And he said he still had Pervitin and he gave it to like these guys that are like freezing to death being, you know, killed by the red Army.

(2h 22m 26s):
And he said, it's not, it's, it didn't work anymore, but it, you know, it just gave us like another day of artificial energy, you know. So methamphetamine is a very, in a long war, it's very problematic. In a short war, it actually works. That's why after the October 7th attack of Hamas on Israel, I was interviewed by Haz, which is the leading Israeli newspaper because there was rumor that also these combatants or these terrorists or whatever you wanna call them, had used kata go, which is another form of meth. It's a brand name that's very popular actually in the, in, in the, in the Middle East.

(2h 23m 9s):
And I had found a paper from April last year. So April 23 was a report, you can find it online by some newspaper that a large shipment of kata Goen was seized at the Gaza border actually by Hamas border forces, who claimed that actually Israel was smuggling this into Gaza to kind of corrupt the Gaza youth. I don Dunno if that's true. you know, it was just what Hamas said. But for sure there was kata go in the Gaza Strip. And I'm totally convinced that people used it when they, when they, when they attacked Israel.

(2h 23m 49s):
And that is not the only case. When the terrorist attacks in Paris happened, they found amphetamines. They seized $1 billion worth of capta gun amphetamines. Rumor endorse, it's rumored that the Assad regime in Syria is actually behind large scale manufacturing of Capta gun at the moment. That's how they get their money. Because Capta gun is like the cocaine of the poor man, you know, 13 tons. Whoa. You buy police uncover 13 tons of the drug known as capta gun hidden indoors and wooden panels. Wow. So Capta go is a, is a, is a Wow. It's A huge thing. And CAPTA go has a similar effect to methamphetamine.

(2h 24m 29s):
It's Is it like a Regular? Yeah, very. It's very similar. It's a very similar molecule. Wow. So I guess a very strong, Well, it makes sense that that would be very effective in times of war, especially for short campaigns. I Had a reading in LA from Blitzed, and afterwards a special, a Navy Seal approached me who had been in the audience, and he was not on the team that killed a Sam Bin Laden, but he was like on a parallel team. Like he, he knew a lot about it. Like he was in a, he did stuff like that. And he said before they go into an operation like that, an operation that requires them to stay awake for let's say 50 hours, and not only stay awake, but to stay very alert for 50 hours.

(2h 25m 13s):
It's obvious that you use an amphetamine. And it doesn't matter if you burn out later, you just take a week off. you know. So the Nazis invented methamphetamine for war. The idea, you know, by ranker to use it for war purposes. And it has been copied already in the Korean War. American pilots were on amphetamines. Like amphetamines are like a staple now of, of, of armies and of, you know, terrorist groups, freedom fighters or whatever. Wow. you know, because in a it, it also lowers, this was branka also found out it lowers your fear level. So when you're on meth, you're less afraid. It lowers your level of inhi.

(2h 25m 54s):
Like you're not as inhibited. Like you would rather kill someone in a brutal way than you would sober. 'cause it's very hard actually to kill another human being. It's a, it's a very stressful and we don't really wanna do it, but studies found that on meth you're more likely, it's easier for you to do it. So it's really a, the Nazis that are horror, you know, they, they pioneered in it. How similar is that to the effects of Adderall? Adderall is obviously amphetamine and there was I think somewhere in the neighborhood of 39 million prescriptions in a recent year. It's, it's another one of these contradictions, like we make, like drugs are illegal, but Adderall is legal, which is basically a, it is amphetamine.

(2h 26m 40s):
So it's just like a certain type of amphetamine. And I know quite a few people who are addicted to these types of pills. And it's not a nice addiction, I think. And because it's also, you know, it's legal like your psychiatrist that take this so you function well. So You kind of, yeah, you ADHD Norman, you need to take it. What did you just Say? You need to take it, you should take the medication. I'm very sorry I came on the show sober. I would've been so amazing otherwise. No I mean, But I know many, many people, especially journalists. I know a lot of journalists and a lot of writers who use Adderall to be productive. Yeah. And I would say, why not?

(2h 27m 23s):
If you wanna pay the price of using something that's maybe bad for your brain and maybe makes you addicted, but maybe you think you write better on it. So that's, that's, that's like a chance that writers, some writers take. Like, who wrote do electric sheep? No. Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? Is That Philip K Dick? Yeah. Right. He was using a lot of amphetamines. Yeah, I heard that Jack Kirouac wrote on the road like in two weeks on amphetamines. Hmm. So I mean you drugs are basically neutral. you know, you don't become a Nazi soldier when you take amphetamine. you know, it, it just, it it creates a certain state in your brain. You release all your dopamine, you're highly alert.

(2h 28m 3s):
You, you might be very creative, but you also might write a lot of shit, you know, because your, your self criticism is lowered. Right, right. you know, so pure act being a very good writer, he like wrote the wave, you know, he was like just, just riding this on the road thing. I have friends that have tried amphetamines, particularly Adderall, and then done standup comedy. And they say it's absolutely terrible. It's terrible for Standup comedy. 'cause don't you lose that subtlety, right? You lose the subtlety, you lose a connection with the audience. Yeah. And you're not having fun anymore. Yeah. It's like you're, you're not being silly and your self-criticism is out the window. So you think everything you say is brilliant. Yeah, I wouldn't recommend it. No. Maybe I mean, but some people find it very beneficial for productivity, which is interesting.

(2h 28m 47s):
'cause like they are, It probably depends what you need to do. you know, it Also depends on your self-control, right. Can do you have the amount of self-control and amount of objective analysis about what you're doing with your life to recognize that what you're doing is detrimental? Are can you manage that? Can you figure out how to back off? Can you figure out how to take time off? Can you figure out when to use it? And just use it effectively and say to yourself in a very disciplined way, I'm gonna take X amount of this Adderall stuff because I have a deadline. I'm gonna get this done And, I'm gonna do my best. And then afterwards I'm not gonna fuck with it anymore. A lot of people can't do that, but a lot of people can, I guess. And it's sort of like all other drugs, we should sort of figure out what's the dose, what's effective, what's not effective, and then also strategies for helping people get off of it.

(2h 29m 36s):
Like ibogaine, you know, I think having any kind of a legalization strategy. So if they legalize drugs in this country, I think it has to be done in conjunction with a treatment strategy. And I think that treatment strategy was, is ibogaine and Yeah, absolutely. I mean the psychedelics do get you off other drugs. Yes. That's a fact. Also, DMT gets you off other drugs. So they work against addiction. So Right. That old scare of, you know, some drugs are like, you take one drug and then you take the next drug, you know, until in the end you land with heroin. That's kind of the gateway. Stupid, you know, because if you take LSD, you're not gonna land with heroin, you know? No, no.

(2h 30m 16s):
And if you take Ibogaine for sure, also not, you know, Well, marijuana is the great one, right? The, the gateway drug people, I think alcohol's a great gateway drug. That's the real one. Because alcohol lowers you, your inhibitions, it lowers your judgment. And then all of a sudden you're like, I'll try that. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And then there's also people take cocaine when they drink too much alcohol to wake up. Yeah. I spoke with, actually with an ibogaine researcher, Deborah Mash from University Miami. And she found that alcohol and cocaine together create a new metabolite in the, in, in, in the body. And that is the one that many people go for. It's like, it's like one plus one equals three, basically.

(2h 30m 59s):
Mm. So you won't get that high from alcohol alone. And you won't also get, won't get it from cocaine alone. Most people don't take cocaine alone. They always drink when they take cocaine because they want that, that particular form of metabolite of, of intoxication going Interesting. It's obviously very unhealthy. So here it is. How do you say that word? Yeah. Right. Colene prolene is the byproduct of concurrent con consumption of alcohol and cocaine. Right. As metabolized by the liver. Normally the metabolism of cocaine produces two primary biologically inactive metabolites. Benzo, how do you say that? Benzoin Benzocaine and equine ine methyl ester.

(2h 31m 45s):
Yeah. It's this co Well that's a, that's a big factor too, right? Like how it's metabolized by the liver. There's a difference between eating cannabis and smoking it. Right. So 11 hydroxy metabolite, which is created by the liver, which is five times more psychoactive than THC. Oh, Right. Yeah. So there's a lot of factors. And these, the, the thing is like, we don't know if you, it's kind of crazy that your book and your work is, was really illuminating the effect that this had on one of the most historically significant events in human history, which is World War ii. Yeah. I thought that was quite strange. I mean I went onward with my research from, I I wanted to expand And I wanted to look at Hitler also.

(2h 32m 30s):
And I was gonna ask you this before you get to that, if methamphetamine was created after the 1936 games, what was Hitler on during the 1936 games when you see him rocking back and forth and he's tripping. Was he doing cocaine? Was he, what was he on I mean? I I, I studied the notes of his doctor, his doctor's personal physician, Theodor Morrell, who was kind of a celebrity doctor in Berlin before he met Hitler. Like he was famous for treating diseases that don't exist. So he gave mood enhancing shots, injections. And he was also a, a vitamin pioneer. Like he believed in vitamins and at the time, vitamins were kind of unknown.

(2h 33m 14s):
So it, he was, he, he thought if you inject someone with like such and such inject someone with like vitamin C, that would be, that would be like a mood enhancing effect. And actually that's true. So he cured Hitler's photographer who beatus Hoffman of a sexual transmitted disease in 36. And then Hoffman said, I have to bring you to my, to a special patient. And then there was a spaghetti dinner with Morrell and Hitler. And Hitler was complaining of bloating problems. He always was like, he had digestion problems and morale who was like an alternative doctor, gave him like vitamins and a probiotic, which was also new at the time.

(2h 33m 55s):
And Hitler was cured. And he point, he appointed morale as his personal physician, and they became kind of best friends. They were like, Hitler spent more time with morale than with anyone else, all the way up to the end. So Morell's notes are very interesting to study because he was like one of these German nerds that wrote everything down. And I went to the, another federal archive in Germany. And I checked out all the papers of Morere, And I could see that basically no one had looked at these papers. Like Hitler's the most examined person in the world. Like the most literature about one person is actually about Hitler. But no one had I mean the last time someone checked out these notes. I I, I, I could see it in the record of the archive was like in 1986.

(2h 34m 38s):
And then someone in 1961 So, like I was like the fourth person to look at this. So it's, it's, it's kind of crazy because Morere describes like, in detail, like what he gives to Hitler. And what, that's why I'm a little bit surprised by this famous video of him. Like, I think maybe it's a fake don don't know because in 36, up until from 36 when they met Andre was, was with him at the Olympic games until 41, basically Hitler only received vitamins, vitamin C, vitamin B one. And, and, and sometimes glucose, like sugar was injected into, maybe it was on a sugar rush, you know, because sugar is a strong drug, really, because sugar immediately kicks, you know, in the brain.

(2h 35m 21s):
So, but there was no like, heavy substances in 36. I, I not that, you know, I, I Morrell wrote everything down, so don don't think he would, you know, And Morell's introduction to Hitler was what year? 36. So it was at the same time. Yep. A little bit before. So, so the introduction was before the Olympics. Yeah. Is it possible that Hitler was taking something without the knowledge of Morell? No, no, Because Morell was very protective of his patient. He called him patient A and before that, Hitler had like an array of like specialists. Hitler didn't like specialists in general. Like he didn't like, like there was Kyle Bru, he was like the highest SS doctor, and he wanted to be like the personal physician of Hitler.

(2h 36m 4s):
But Hitler didn't want like an SS guy to have so much knowledge about his body. So he always kept brand at bay. And then morale was like perfect for Hitler because morale was like this kind of chubby, good humored kind of house doctor with the crazy recipes and the crazy injections. So Hitler thought, this is this, this is my guy, basically. And morale became like, morale's wife was very much against that, that his, her husband became the personal physician of Hitler. She said to him like, we'll never, we won't spend that much time together from now on. Morel. Like, no, I have to take this chance. you know, I can be the person. He was like a celebrity doctor before. So now he's the personal physician of the few of the most powerful man of Europe.

(2h 36m 45s):
So Morre re very much controlled what Hitler took. Doesn't, Hitler didn't take anything that Morre didn't, you know, talk about or authorize and, and write down. He was, he was his doctor. Like he was always there, you know. So I, I see basically three phases in Hitler's drug taking from, and from 36 to 41, it was mostly, it was mostly these vitamins. And Hitler was never ill during this time. Like he had a pretty good health in general, except from the bloating, because he ate wrong. He always, he was a vegetarian that basically ate like bread, bread and sugar. So that leads, that's a very, that's very unhealthy for your gut. We know these days. you know, they didn't know that. So he was always farting, basically.

(2h 37m 26s):
That was a problem for him. And more kind of cured him with the probiotics and then the vitamins. And you know, Hitler kind of grooved along to this kind of treatment. And he was, you know, very successful also in the beginning. He was very healthy. He won all the wars, like he was on top of the world. And then in 1941, Germany decided, he decided to attack the Soviet Union and also the Soviet Union, that the campaign against Russia was very successful in the first three months. A lot of methamphetamine was given to the soldiers, just like any attack on France. And they overran the red Army like crazy. Like within three months they made huge territorial gains. They were in October, 1940, they were already standing in front of Moscow.

(2h 38m 10s):
Like they could see, like one officer could like look with his binoculars and he could see the tram, like the last tram station of Moscow. He could like see that. So they were right in front of Moscow. And the thing was, what happened was in the, in August 41, like in the middle of the campaign, the campaign started June 21st, 1941. So August 41, they were already, they had huge, you know, made, gained a lot of territory. But Hitler for the first time became sick. He had what they call the Russian flu. Like he was, you know, camping, you know, he, the, the headquarters was moving with the troops. So he was, you know, maybe drank bad water or something. And he had the Russian flu, which made him stay in bed.

(2h 38m 53s):
He had very high fever. He was like diarrhea and vomiting. So he was really not in a good shape. So he said to Morrell, and Morrell wrote all of this down. Like I was sitting in a, in a national archives in Germany and reading all this stuff. And I've really felt like the fly on the wall that could look at things that no one had seen before. Like, he, he describes that, you know, Hitler coming in, sitting down the decisions that had to be made that day. Hitler saying, I need something stronger than vitamins. I mean Hitler was lying in bed, you know? And, and, and the generals were deciding on that important military briefing, how to further advance. And the, the generals wanted to move towards Moscow, and Hitler wanted to split the troops and go to Leningrad, which is now St.

(2h 39m 37s):
Petersburg and to the south. Like he had a different strategy. And so he wanted to be at that, at that briefing. And he said to Morrell, I need something stronger than vitamins. And Morrell gave him for the first time a very strong opioid, which was called Lanine, which was a German product. And that, that opioid, you know, is different. It's a different ball game than vitamins. He got an, an injection of a very potent opioid, and he gets up from the bed, he goes to the military briefing, he can call the shots, you know, troops will be separated. Like high command was like, what the fuck? you know, but they, you know, he's the leader. So he decides, and from that moment on, we can see in the notes of morale that Hitler's drug consumption actually changes.

(2h 40m 21s):
Like he becomes more and more interested in potent substances. And from 41 to 43 morale experiences a lot with also animal hormones. Like when Germany invades the Ukraine and has the whole territory of the Ukraine more gets the monopoly for all the organs of all the slaughtered animals and all of the slaughter houses of Ukraine. It's like a, it's like an order that I found, like a, an order that I found, like an official paper. All the organs of all the slaughtered animals, of all slaughterhouse of occupied Ukraine will go to Hitler's personal, the RA's personal physician. Was that for Tore? Huh? Was that for touring?

(2h 41m 2s):
Yeah, I mean he experiment. He had like his own pharmaceutical company by the time re in occupied Czechoslovakia, where like his chemist was like getting awful and organs and thyroid glands and, you know, all kinds of very potent things. And then making like concoctions with it. Like there was a famous liver concoction, like from from pig's liver and Morrel's Morrel's problem was that at the time, in 43, it was a war economy in Germany. So it was very difficult to bring new medicines onto the market. Basically, it was not possible. Like all the tests that usually are done in peace times on a new medicine. So he said, he said this to Hitler, like, I'm developing all these new medicines from all these organs and I cannot bring them on the market.

(2h 41m 48s):
They cannot help the German people sustain in this war. And then Hitler said, this is, yeah, this is bullshit. I, the URA will be your Guinea pig, And, I will test all these dubious concoctions that you make. And then, because when I take it, every German, you know, can take it. And we kind of bypass all the regulations. And this is exactly what happened. So Hitler actually became the Guinea pig for like hormonal concoctions for, for, for morale. So this is, it really be, it's really an insane story that is, is beautifully documented. So you can like read like train wagons going from the Ukraine, from the German army, like very scarce.

(2h 42m 31s):
It was to have a, a whole train wagon because they needed to ship, you know, wounded soldiers back or ammunition or, and he just, you know, required like whole train wagons filled with his awful, with this awful from the slaughterhouses and all the, the livers of all the slaughtered pigs in the Ukraine. And then the army was like, we can't do this. We need these wagons for like war sensitive stuff, you know, and then would run to Hitler, say the Army's blocking me, transporting these precious materials that I can turn into drugs for the common good of the German people. And Hitler wrote an order, and then the, the wagon was going through, and then Mora was creating these concoctions and Hitler actually, he took too many of these weird things, you know, he, his health started deteriorating in 43.

(2h 43m 19s):
Like he was quite healthy until 41, 41 to 43 when he took all these organ things and all these ho hormones and you know, crazy stuff. you know, today he would send the doctor that prescribes you that stuff to prison, you know, but you know, there was no checks, checks and balances. Like Hitler just took because he liked morale and he liked to experiment and they were always talking about new, you know, enhancement of the body that was a whole Nazi idea, you know, to, to become more powerful, more strong, you know. So he was, he was, he was interested in, in these things. And, and he actually, his, his health started to deteriorate. And then by 43 he had already become quite, quite a different man.

(2h 43m 59s):
He aged quite a lot. I mean you can see it if you compare the young Hitler with like just five years later, he looks like 20 years older, you know? And then in 43, because he's doing so poorly, like his qi you would say today, you know, your physical energy was like really down. If you take, like, if you get like one pig liver extract injection a day, you know, you can imagine how you're gonna, how you're gonna feel like after like a year or so. It's, it's not very healthy. So it, it, it diminished. So what was the goal of the pig liver extract? Did they just wanna Enhance energy like they then gave it to the German soldiers? Like they, they, they, they drank this, this stuff because it's like liver is always like filled with like nutrients, I guess.

(2h 44m 42s):
So that's why, you know, some people think And I would probably agree that it's healthy to eat like liver. Like I, if I think like an ounce of liver a day is probably the, the right amount. But injecting pig liver. So Hitler, technically speaking, wasn't a vegetarian at all because he was using all these animal, you know, supplements and, and just wasn't Consuming him with his mouth. Right, Right. So what do, do you know the famous story about Hitler meeting Mussolini where Mussolini wanted to get out of the war? Yeah, yeah. I write about that in, in in Blitzed because that is the first time like Hitler was quite depressed before the meeting 'cause and felt betrayed.

(2h 45m 25s):
'cause Mussolini wanted to leave the war effort. This was in July, 1943. Like Mussolini said, this is not working. We, we'd rather get out. Okay, is that fine with you if we just leave the act the axis now? And hit was like, no, it's not fine. you know? So he was very nervous before that meeting and was in a villa in northern Italy. And he asked Morrell again for something stronger. And then Morre for the first time, presented what then would become Hitler's favorite drug. And this is a, it was a German drug called O Al. And it's quite interesting. Kodi was made by the Merck company, which is still a pharmaceutical giant today. And it's an opioid.

(2h 46m 6s):
It's an opioid that makes you, if you inject it intravenously, quite euphoric, but also quite calm. you know, you're not crazy if you are, if you're on intravenously, you're like, you think you're like on top of the world. It's like, you feel so great. And Hitler loved this drug. Like he, he got it injected before the meeting with Mussolini on the way to the plane. He asked for another injection. He loved it so much. And then like, people who were at the meeting in this villa said that Hitler was just, you know, talking nonstop like I'm doing right now. Like talking, no, we're actually having a conversation. We are having a conversation. We are, Hitler and Mussolini did not have a conversation.

(2h 46m 47s):
Hitler was talking like for three, four hours without stopping. And Mussolini became very sweaty and like a came in and, and, and handed him papers that Rome was being bombed the very minute. But he, like, he couldn't get up like Hitler was, was very dominant in the room. Very, very dominant in the room. And from that moment on, Kodi became kind of his favorite drug. And now comes the pun. When Germany lost a lot of patents were also lost from Germany and became possession of America. And the, the patent of Koal also traveled to America. And Koal is oxycodone.

(2h 47m 27s):
So what has created the American opioid crisis is the very same opioid that was Hitler's favorite opioid Wow. Sold in America as pills, you know, crushed and sniffed, whatever, you know, in check. don don't know, you know, Hitler was, was injecting it from the start. you know, he, he, he, he didn't fuck around with pills, you know, because pills, because he, he still had these stomach problems. He didn't like a medicine to go orally, like into the, he didn't like it too long. you know, you don't know. He takes something now and it's acting like in 45 minutes and not good, you know, the injection is the immediate effect. So that's what he wanted. He would go to a military briefing when the war was in 44.

(2h 48m 8s):
you know, the generals were just, you know, they knew it was lost. you know, they, they came from the eastern front, you know, people were dying like every day. Like it was, it was over. But they came to the meeting to tell Hitler basically, or they, you know, you want to save your men, you know this. But Hitler on Oxycodone, on Koda, as it was called then had so much power in the room, like, so much charisma. He was very charismatic early on, but he had lost his charisma in the meantime. But through oi al he could reinstall his, his charisma being good in the room. And he would like And I read like a lot of witnesses reports, like from generals. A lot of them wrote books afterwards or made, you know, made notes.

(2h 48m 50s):
What happened, they said when they were with Hitler in this room, they were convinced that Hitler knew something that they didn't know. Like he had a wonder weapon up his sleeve. Like he knew that the war would turn around and we would win. The Germans would win in the end because he was so convincing on this. So Hitler was very clever actually in, in, in using that drug to, you know, for his like, horrific vision, you know? Wow. Yeah. And you can, you can look at, you can like examine this like day, day by day, you know, by studying the papers of morale and then also studying like other, you know, accounts, you know, 'cause it's always good to look at more, not only have one source, but there is, there's quite a lot on it.

(2h 49m 33s):
So it, it is quite surprising. No one ever wrote about that before. Well, it's fascinating because if you think about how much is written about Hitler and how much Hitler has been studied, that they didn't study that, it's Totally crazy actually, Because it has such a profound effect on the way you think and behave. It does, yeah. I mean, there was one, we, we all know that on July 20th, 1944, there was the most success. I mean it wasn't successful, but almost successful as, as the nation attempt when the bomb by Berg blew up in, in the headquarters in, in, in the east operation Valkyrie, it was called. It was a code name. And afterwards, like Morrell rushes in the Dr.

(2h 50m 13s):
Rushes in Hitler's quite injured actually, which Nazi propaganda later said like the fur was not injured. He was quite injured by that detonation. I mean, he was sitting there and the bomb was like on the other side of the table leg. And the table leg was quite thick. So, and the table was thick. So he was, he was very lucky that he didn't die, but he had like hundreds of splinters in his body and he, his eardrums were blown and he was bleeding from his ears. And he was like, totally, you know, he was I mean. He was, he was injured, you know. And Morell immediately comes in and gives him Kodi because in the evening, Mussolini came for a meeting. He was already already in the train. So you can see like an hour later, like Hitler, like, you know, on top of his game again, you know, joking with Mussolini and like the, the other, like, officers lose, have lost a leg, die.

(2h 51m 1s):
Like so. And, and, and, and then actually from that moment on Hitler, that's like July 20th, 1944 until the very end, may, May 8th, 19, 19 45, when the war ends, that is his heaviest drug consumption because then he's really like, this is, this is the most intense time. One of the things, for example, that happens is that to treat his blown ear drums, which, you know, were connected with heavy pain that he experienced. A new doctor came in, ging was his name, and he had cocaine. He brought cocaine, which was a legal product at the time also by Merck.

(2h 51m 43s):
Germany was importing the coca leaves from Peru mostly. And then Merck cocaine was supposed to be the best in the world. Like they were even like a product forgers in China who like replicate the Merck label with the Merck cocaine. Merck cocaine was, you know, was the best cocaine. And this doctor came in and he wanted to give the cocaine because it was something to numb the pain, basically. It wasn't anesthetic. And, and Hitler was like, I I, I want more of this stuff. And Ing writes this down, I found these documents actually in Washington, in the, in the national archive. He Hitler demands to use cocaine.

(2h 52m 23s):
Like he wants the doctor to, to brush it into his nose nostrils, which is, you know, the most effective way to take cocaine, I guess. And then he's like, finally, I can think clear again. And, and the doctor realized this is a drug guy. Like he, he, once he gets like onto a potent drug, he like completely embraces it and wants it more. So ing became very, you know, like tried to get the coke away from Hitler. Hitler, which demanded more and more of these coca cocaine treatments because I can feel finally I can, I can breathe again. And I don't feel like injured anymore. And, and actually on cocaine, he developed the strategy of a second den offensive.

(2h 53m 4s):
We talked about the mountainous terrain of the dens in Belgium in 1940. And Hitler wanted to do it again in 19, late 1944. like a surprise attack. And like his generals, they, they couldn't believe it because it was a ridiculous idea because, you know, the Americans were already on in the, on the continent. Like it was no chance it could have worked out. It would just mean that a lot of people, a lot of young German soldiers are gonna die. you know, that's what it meant. His second eno offense. But he had it on cocaine. You can see it very clearly. Like Morrell and Morell didn't like this, you know, he didn't like this other doctor coming in with the cocaine. Like the doctor started competing. It's called the doctor's war because the one guy gives him cocaine and more, gives him oxycodone, which is an opioid.

(2h 53m 47s):
So Hitler was kind of speed balling, oh God, in August and September, 1944. And made very crazy then decisions very bad, very for the German, for the Nazi war effort. Very bad decisions for the world. you know, it was good that he was so fucked up. I actually spoke to a British historian who told me that he had investigated Anthony Beaver is, is his name, a great colleague of mine. He had investigated the British intelligence's plan to assassinate Hitler. 'cause obviously there were these plans, you know, and they had realized in 44 that it's actually not good to assassinate Hitler. 'cause he was already so off the rails that he weakened, you know, the, the German war effort.

(2h 54m 32s):
Let's say Hitler was assassinated then let's say, you know, Himmler becomes the fur or something like this. Like Himmler f he was also a total freak. Like he did two hours of yoga each morning. 'cause he thought the Aryan, you know, Aryan race is connected with ancient Vedic. you know, so he was, he was into yoga, but he was not into drugs. So let, let's just say they would've had an efficient leader would've been more dangerous basically to the allies than keeping totally drugged out Hitler. Wow. So they wanted him to stay. Yeah. Fucked up. 'cause it was better. Yeah. They actually did not bomb pharmaceutical companies until, like in December, 1944.

(2h 55m 16s):
Bri, Bri Britain bomber, British bombers bombed the Merck Company and then Koda could not be made anymore. And actually Hitler then moves to the bunker and he doesn't have koal anymore, which was, you know, his drug of choice. He received it every other day in a very high dosage, 20 milligrams intravenously of the most potent opioid. So he became a junkie. He became addicted to this. So then when he moves to the bunker, in the end phase of the war, just before that, the Merck production site had been bombed, who were supplying it. Morrell doesn't have it anymore. And that creates quite a friction between patient a as Morrell called Hitler and the doctor.

(2h 55m 58s):
'cause the doctor basically made him hooked on a substance. And suddenly it's like, it's like the one mistake of the, the dealer should make right. Make your client hooked and then you don't, you can't supply anymore. Right. And also no one else could supply, you know? Right. Hitler couldn't go somewhere else. There's a report by more driving on a motorcycle through bombed out Berlin like February, March 45, like going from pharmacy to pharmacy, trying, asking, do you still have like a supply of Koda? you know? Wow. So it, it, the situation became, you know, Hitler lost World War ii, which was not good for him, but he also was, was on withdrawal, heavy withdrawal from opioids, which made them feel like shit. So Wow.

(2h 56m 38s):
That leads to the complete degeneration of the character. Wow. Yeah. So that, that, that third rike kind of crumbled in on it on itself. Fascinating. Probably would've lost anyway, but still, of course, fascinating that it all happened. And it's kind of ironic that it happens while he's in full withdrawal. Yeah. I mean the only drug really that he had left in the end was Harmine, which we spoke about Harmine, like I studied like what Morel still had, like in his bag, basically like looked at the bottom of his bag. He still had Harmine, so he gave Harmine to Hitler. So it was a don don't know what Harmony does to you if you just take it single early, but it's doesn't, you know, and, and sugar like Hitler more and more demanded cake because sugar does actually give you a little high.

(2h 57m 26s):
Yeah. I mean it does, you know, a little bit, even if you're in the bunker losing World War ii, you're still kind of craved that, that sugar high. But at the time they had already crumble the cake for him because he couldn't, like, he was shaking so much from the withdrawal. Like he, like he, he like took it in a spoon and kind of put it in his mouth. Wow. Yeah. Wow. It's in Blitzed we find like a new biography in a way of Hitler. A more accurate one actually. That is so fascinating. Wasn't there recorded instances of JFK? Didn't he have a doctor that would prescribe some sort of amphetamines to him as well?

(2h 58m 8s):
JFK is a very interesting case. He had chronic pain and there is reports that he used also methamphetamine also. He had depression. So he had a kind of a doctor feel good. Yeah. And one time I found a connection, but I don't really, I, I didn't re I couldn't research more about it that this, this doctor feel good of JFK actually had studied what morale had given to Hitler. Mm. But it's, you know, you probably don't even need to study morale. It kind of, that's, that's what's out there. So JFKI think received quite a lot of medications.

(2h 58m 53s):
That's why it's interesting what I, what I, what I wrote about in Trip is his possible LSD experience. I don't know if you're familiar with that. Yeah. You talked about that with Jesse Waters. Yeah. I mean there's unfortunately there's only one source for it. And we always have to be skeptical. If there's only one source, if there's two sources, it's always much better. But one source, and it's actually Timothy Leary's autobiography, he describes And I. Don't think he made this up. I have no reason to believe that he made this up. He describes how a woman called Mary Pinau visits him at Harvard telling him, because he was known as the, you know, he was still employed by Harvard.

(2h 59m 35s):
He was, you know, the LSD guy. Basically, if you wanted to know about LSD, he would ask Leary. He had done the most research. And also some of the research is very good, very, you know, it's very interesting. So she went to him, she was like a socialite in Washington, Mary Pinho, he had been married to a, to a CIA guy. But they had been divorced. She was probably too quote unquote left for him. She was like a more like a peace person I guess. And she was also a very good friend of JFK. They were rumored to be lovers. She was in the White House a lot. He took her to functions like she was a part of his life. And she visited Leary saying to Leary, I have a very powerful friend.

(3h 0m 21s):
This was in April 63. And I want to, you know, do the experience with him. And Leary was all, you know, he kind of probably thinking this, this JFK, you know, but she didn't disclose it. She didn't disclose who this powerful friend was. And Lily said, yeah, I'm gonna come with you. We're gonna do it together. And she said, no, no, no, just give it to me. I want the stuff. The LSD And I want to kind of get some guidelines from you. How do you do like a LSD session? Like, so they had this, you know, Larry told her a bit about what he thinks, how it should be done, set and setting. you know, JFK shouldn't do it while he's like doing a press conference, you know, he should do it when there's, maybe he doesn't have to go on camera anymore that day.

(3h 1m 4s):
you know, maybe it's in the evening, you know, in the White House. So she takes the LSD and then there's no record that they actually took it together because there's just no record. There's one, there's her diary, but we'll come to her diary in a second. What happened was a little bit later, and you can pull that up on, on, on YouTube, you can see that it's quite interesting. Kennedy gave his so-called Peace speech at the American University, which is I think in Washington or maybe not, but is it Washington? Yeah. And in this peace speech, it's kind of funny actually to see him.

(3h 1m 45s):
'cause we have to understand that JFK was quite a hawk. Like he was really a Cold War guy. Like he was, he was a Democrat like the Democrats. They all for war, you know, they like, you know, they, it's confrontational. you know, we have to be safe, you know, we have to protect the country, you know, we are serious, you know, arms race, you know, that was his thing. He was not different than other presidents. But in this peace speech that he gave a few weeks after Mary received the LSD from, from Leary, he has complete, he has a completely different agenda. And he, he sounds like, he sounds like basically like a hippie. He says like, you're like very presidential, you know, giving a speech from all these, you know, students and like, nice day in America.

(3h 2m 27s):
And he gives presents coming, give a speech. And, and he talks about, you know, we all live on this planet together. Even the Russians, you know, we all care for our children and we all like, you know, we're all in this together. And he basically shifts course like he beco he, he, he says that this arms race is kind of ridiculous. It just burns resources and we must come to a different understanding. And then he gets killed like a few months later. So that is, that is just, those are the facts, you know? And, and And I think I'll leave it at the fact. So fact also is that Mary was shot in the head a few weeks or months after the assassination of JFK.

(3h 3m 10s):
And that day of her death, she was jogging in Washington, close to her apartment. There was a breaking into her apartment and her diary was taken. So maybe that's the other, that's, maybe that's the source actually, that, that links JFK to LSD. And maybe JFK was eventually killed because he took LSD and changed his mind. But maybe he just, there's A lot of factors why he was killed. Right? It's a, it's, yeah. Yeah. Obviously I mean, it's, it's kind of a mystery why he was killed. you know, why does he need to be killed? But maybe that change of mind becoming, like saying like, arms race must stop, which, you know, pisses off a lot of people in the mil military, military, industrial complex who are like base their whole thing on the arms race, you know?

(3h 3m 58s):
Yeah. Maybe that becomes a very big threat and it must be eliminated. Who knows? you know? But maybe it was, you know, he had a change of mind for sure. Maybe because of LSD, maybe because of the love making with Mary Pin Cho. Or maybe they were just smoking joints. They were seen, they, they're sources for that. They had smoked joints in the White House before. but I don't know if cannabis would kind of bring about this change of mind. But LSD certainly, certainly could because the default mode network, which is Cold War arms race. Yeah. Something gets a little less energy. Other parts of the brain is like, maybe we should do it differently. And also the realization that if anybody can change things Yeah. He literally has a responsibility to express himself in that way.

(3h 4m 41s):
Absolutely. If he really is a leader. Yeah. Yeah. Norman, thank you very much. This is a fascinating conversation. That was just three hours. Isn't that crazy? Just flew by. Thank you very much for all your work. I mean what, what you've done by just the, the Hitler stuff. Just explaining all that is, it's so illuminating. It's so interesting. And I, I really hope everybody goes out and buys your books. So Tripped and Blitzed is the other one. Yeah. And are they available in, it's Actually a present for you. Oh, thank you very much. And it can have the Tripped Also. Thank you. Are these available in audiobook as well? They are, but I do encourage everyone to read.

(3h 5m 22s):
But they are available in audio. It is great to read, but sometimes people are stuck in traffic. Yeah. Right. And it, it's a great way to consume. Of course. Of course. They're out there in audiobooks. Yeah. Thank you very much. Really appreciate you. I hope we will see each other again. Yeah, Let's do it again. Well, when is this next book that you're working on gonna be out? Stone sapiens? Yeah. Will be out I think in the fall of 25. Okay. In the fall of 25. Come on back. Let's do it. Thank you, sir. Appreciate you. All right. Bye everybody.