
If you wanna feel great, have energy and be healthy. It takes a lot, not just working out and eating right, but a lot of different vitamins and minerals and probiotics. And the supplements. Industry does not make it easy. But AG one does, and that's why I've been using it for years. AG One is 14 years of research, innovation, testing and improvement all in one product with the goal of raising the standard in the supplement category. AG one is a nutritional powerhouse that delivers my daily dose of vitamins, minerals, pre and probiotics, and more. It's powerful, healthy research backed supplement. That has been a game changer for me. And when people ask me what's the one thing I'd recommend to elevate their health, my answer is always AG one. And I'm so glad they sponsored this show. Try Ag one and get a free one year supply of Vitamin D three, K two, and five Ag one travel packs with your first purchase@drinkagone.com slash jre. That's drink ag one.com/jre. Check it out.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. You're probably careful with your personal information, but what about all the other places that have it? Like the doctor's office that mixed up your file. They have your social security number. The power company that mistakenly cut your service, has your payment info and the last three addresses. And the hotel that lost your reservation has your passport info. Your information is in a lot of places outside your control and one of them could accidentally expose you to hackers and identity theft through security breaches or just simple mistakes. But LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second and alerts you to a wide range of threats. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back with plans covering up to $3 million for stolen funds and expenses, mistakes happen. So make sure you are protected when They do save up to 40% off your first year at lifelock.com/jr. That's lifelock.com/jr. To save up to 40% terms apply


Joe Rogan podcast, Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, All day. So your subject matter is so fascinating to me. So first, please explain what this idea of assembly theory. Yeah. Assembly theory is born out of an interest in solving the origin of life and finding aliens. So that's sort of the motivation I think is really important to be clear about that to start because it introduces some kind of radical receptions of the way we think about fundamental physics, at least I think so. But the key idea of the theory is that the universe cannot generate complexity outside of living processes.


And so we have a way of formalizing what seems kind of intuitively obvious, that the universe doesn't generate complex objects for free. And we do this with this idea of assembly theory of thinking about the assembly space, which is like the space of all constructible objects. And you can talk about the complexity in that space as a minimal number of steps for making an object. And if you see objects that require a lot of steps to make them, and they're in high abundance, life is the only thing that can make 'em. Wow. So this includes plant life, this includes the Everything, tech, everything, technology, everything on your table, you know, requires billions of years of evolution.


Evolution of intelligence and technology to generate. So When you say life to generate, what about like crystals and what about, have you ever seen that enormous cave in Mexico where they have these insane crystal structures That are, is that the one that's like hot inside and like, yes. Yes. I have seen that. It's gorgeous, amazing. I've never been there. Amazing. But Yeah. Amazing. Yeah, totally. But it kind of looks like somebody made it, but it's just natural processes. Yes. So I'm actually really interested in understanding to what degree we can consider minerals on our planet alive or artifacts of life. But we haven't formalized the theory entirely for minerals yet. So I think that one of the, the sort of key results we have so far is actually quantifying and molecules a complexity boundary above which a molecule is so complex that we can say it's definitively of life.


And we've experimentally verified measuring this property of assembly of molecules to say these are derived from life. These are, you know, and that there's a clear boundary for minerals. We haven't done that yet 'cause we're still formalizing the theory and the kind of measurements we need to take. but I expect there to be a boundary that planets can make some kinds of crystal complexity, but not all of it that we see on this planet. So what is, what's the conventional definition of life? Yeah, so there's a lot of debate about what definitions of life should hold. But the one that is usually cited by Astrobiologists is life is a self-sustaining chemical system capable of Darwinian evolution.


And I've memorized it 'cause I find it so annoying. So I'm like, I got it down. I gotta know what I'm annoyed with. What, what annoys you about it? Everything. It's like, actually it was, it was very funny writing a book. 'cause I wanted to get into the new ideas and my, my editor was like, you gotta explain how people think about life now. And I was like, okay, well this definition is the most annoying one. I'll just pick it apart. And it's actually like all the words in it are annoying in some sense. So the first one is that life is chemical. I've never really thought about chemistry being the defining feature of life. I think you have to separate out that life emerges, at least as we understand it, from a chemical soup on a planet. Right? So it emerges in chemistry, but it doesn't mean it's a chemical phenomena.


And the sort of analogy from the physicist conception of nature, I could draw there is we don't think that gravity is a phenomenon of rocks. Gravity represents some universal physics in our universe. And so when we're thinking about, you know, planets and things, we don't think that they obey the laws of gravity because they're made of rocks. We understand that there's some property called mass that's much more abstract and applies to everything. I think life's kind of the same. It emerges in chemistry. But there are some informational properties, these things about how life generates complex structures and how it does that so uniquely, that is universal physics that happens to emerging chemistry. So chemistry has to go out. It's not just a chemical phenomenon.


And, I think you need to recognize that if you're gonna talk about like technology and artificial intelligence and like, are they alive or not? Because they're very different than, you know, like what's happening inside a cell. Right. Non-biological Yeah. But still seemingly alive. Yes. Maybe, Maybe, maybe perhaps. Yeah. Open a debate. Open a debate. I've said that about technology, that technology does seem to be a life form that requires us to give birth to it. Yes. Didn't Marshall McClean had I like that way of thinking about it. Yeah. Yeah. Marshall McCluen had a great quote. And I believe this was in the 1960s. He said that we are the sex organs of the machine world. Oh, Isn't that incredible? Yeah. I like that a lot actually. I don't disagree with that.


Yeah. Especially if it does become some sort of digital life. Yeah. That's essentially what we are. Yeah. Just by proxy moms. We are. So the way that I think about it is to think about life, not in terms of individuals, but lineages. So, you know, there's a lineage of how information has been structuring the material world. What we, we talk about in assembly theory in terms of all of the configurations of objects created on our planet over 4 billion years. And that's a process of, that's continuous with objects making other objects. And there's no reason that that should stop with biological forms of life. And it just moves into technology. So I, I like this idea that, or the reproductive organs though.


'cause I always think about like societies and like global integrated systems as being living things and we're just like component parts of them. Well they certainly look like it when you look at traffic from overhead and you compare it to blood moving through arteries. It's really kind of extraordinary. Yeah. Because if you see the ebb and flow of the white lights and the red tail lights back and forth and then you see blood cells moving through a person's body, it's kind of similar. Yeah. In a very weird way. And if you think that these cars are all carrying people that are assembling this society, both from the inside in terms of like paperwork and research and all the different things that people are doing, then the outside in terms of constructing new buildings and putting glass structures and all these different things.


Like we really are Yes. Like some sort of weird, you know, we're, we're like a form of like the city itself is like a living thing that we're making. Yes. Yeah. And I think it's really important for us to recognize that. Actually it's interesting that you, you use cars as your analogy. 'cause Carl Sagan actually had like the same analogy. He would've liked that a lot. Mm. you know, thinking about aliens coming to life would've thought cars were the dominant life form, but which I think is great. Great. Right? Because like Yeah, exactly. Like you're describing, it looks like the, the lifeblood of our planet. And I always think about cities at night as kind of, you know, the key signature of life on this planet. Mm. If you look at it remotely, right? Sure. You can see all, you know, all this structure on the planet. Right. But it is hard for us because we're so, you know, like so much wanting to think about ourselves as individuals and like the apex of all of the evolutionary processes, not to think about ourselves as part of systems that are much larger than us.


And, I. Think it's critically important that we kind of change our reference frame on that. 'cause we're also seeing right now with like social networks and the influence of like having all these societal level dialogues like brought to every individual and like, like we don't know how to process that information. Yes. But we are part of these collective systems that are much larger than us and they are constructing a lot of the world around us without individuals having, you know, as much agency in that process as we think we do. Yet that process is also what gives us our agency. So it's kind of paradoxical. Right? Right. I've, I've often said that if an alien race that was completely outside of our understanding of life and our understanding of biology, if they observed us and they'd say, well what is this dominant species doing?


Well it makes better things. That's all it does. Yes. The, the, we do a lot of things, but ultimately those things, even war, which is essentially about acquiring money and resources, we use those resources and that money to make better things. And in engaging in war, you're constantly advancing technology to have an advantage over the end. So you're making better things. Yes. Like everything is making better things, which when you scale it up ultimately will lead to another life form. It will lead to, it will lead to some new thing. I hope so. I think so. Well if we don't kill ourselves or if we don't get super volcano asteroid. Yeah. PE pessimists. I think we'll be around for a while. You think so? Yeah, but I have a pathology that I'm like really optimistic as a person.


So I have a hard time. Like I know That's good. That's not a pathology. Why do you think that's a pathology? I think because I think being overly optimistic can leave blind spots. But part of the reason that I imbue so much optimism in my work is like, I think we need more optimistic narratives about the future. 'cause so many people are really bleak. I agree. I don't think that helps anybody. And. I think ultimately most of the things that you're really terrified about do not come to pass. Yes. I think us being terrified of them is like an immune response. So usually I'm not afraid of the things that people are really scared of and talking about. 'cause it means society's dealing with it. Right. Which I, you know, maybe that's just sort of a scapegoat. don don't have to worry about those things 'cause someone else's. but I think actually there's something rather deep there that like the things that we're trying to work through at this moment in history are being worked through.


My fear about those kind of thoughts is when I worry about things And I say, well don don't have to worry 'cause society's working through it. I also say, yeah, but someone's probably not. And they're, it, they're enhancing the actual threat so they could profit off of it. Yeah. Which is, that's another I mean. That's the military industrial complex. That's a lot of different things. I think that's, that's a lot of that unfortunately that's attached to green energy. I think, you know, the idea of having green energy is wonderful. Everybody should agree to that. But the idea that you're gonna give massive corporations this completely philanthropic view of the world, all of a sudden that's not, That's not real. That's not real. I know. They Make money. They're trying to make more money. They're gonna buy You. Everyone's trying to make money and get power. And I think once you realize that, like it's a lot easier to see motives.


Yeah. It's freaky. But that also also leads to the ac acquisition of resources, which leads to making better things. I mean. I am am all Google. I was reading articles All day today on the iPhone 16. Why? Why do I care about the iPhone 16? My iPhone fifteen's perfect. It works great. What's wrong with me? I don't know. but I think that's also built into materialism. I think materialism sort of facilitates the creation of newer and better things consistently and constantly. Because everybody's like, what do you got an iPhone 14? What do you pour Sarah? Yeah. you know, like, people get crazy. Oh, I'm slumming it. But you know what I'm saying. you know how people get weird. Like, where's your car? You have a 2018 car?


Yeah. Don't you want a new one? Yeah. Look, they got the new one. The new one has this and that. It's a better gas mileage faster zero to 60. And it never ends and it never ends until we create sentient life, I think. Yeah. So you, so part of your argument is the sort of our materialistic culture is about building newer and better things. And eventually This is like sort just more fundamental to the process of life. I think this pathology of materialism, this thing that has possessed so many people where they live their entire lives to acquire things, to impress other people, which is a, a huge number of people that are involved specifically in finance. Like all the, all the amphetamine people, all the people that like to do coke and fucking look at my boat.


Ah, that's what they're doing. They're just constantly getting better and better things. It's so boring. It, it does sound boring to you because you're a brilliant woman, but it, it's not necessarily more boring than their normal life. Right. Yeah. There's some sort of reward to showing up with a half a million dollar watch on with a, you know Yeah. Diamonds and this some crazy thing where people go, Ooh, he's got that thing. Yeah. Oh, look at those shoes. She's got, oh, look at that purse. Oh, look at his car. Yeah, look at the house they live in. Ooh. Yeah. It's weird. It's Weird. I, well, I know I sympathize. I am seduced by good fashion aesthetics. I mean who isn't. Yeah. Yeah. Well, a lot of men aren't, but a lot of women are.


I love it. I think's great's fascinating. Yeah, sure. It's beautiful. It's an expression of art. Yeah. I mean that's what it is. Exactly. It's, it makes things look cooler and you know, like the way my wife looks at dresses and stuff, it's like she's looking at the way I look at other forms of art, things that I like. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. You know, it's just a different aesthetic. A different mindset. But it's art. Totally. Yes. It's art. Yes. It's, and we are attracted to that too. Yeah. And we're attracted to creation. We, we, we love when people make things. Yeah. And I. I, I think you're right to point that This is like maybe hinting at something deeper. So, you know, with this assembly theory stuff, my original motivation was really to get at, you know, what fundamentally explains life in the universe?


And you know, to me, the thing that life does that no other physical system does is creativity. And life is a mechanism for the universe generating things that couldn't generate otherwise. And so, you know, one way of think about that is like, like there's like this huge possibility space of things that could exist. And there's just not enough resource or time for all of them to exist. So by a planet constructing things like us over time, it actually sort of maximizes the number of weird things that can be made. And, I really like this. I like this idea that we're actually really literally the universe's mechanism of expressing creativity and making things possible that would not be possible without things like us.


Do you know who Terrence Howard is? The actor? I am familiar with him. Fascinating person. Yes. A brilliant guy who has some crazy ideas. But one of the craziest ideas he has is that whenever a planet gets far enough away from the sun, it will generate life. And then that life will give birth to people, people will eventually emerge. Yeah. And he calls it like peeing, like a pla a planet is peeing. Oh, interesting. And that as these Yeah. As these civilizations become more advanced, they're gonna have to deal with the fact that the planet is further and further away from the sun. Yeah. Like over the course of hundreds of millions of years. Right. The, the climate will change. Things will become cooler.


They're gonna have to figure out a way to develop some sort of an artificial atmosphere Yeah. Or some way of sustaining Yeah. Along with of course, biological things that will change Yeah. With the animal as it adapts. Yeah. I have, I I don't really think that humans, our, like ourselves as currently constructed are a universal phenomenon. I think we're pretty special to this planet. but I think there are certain attributes of humans, like, you know, the theory of computation and its universality that like we invented in the last century, that might be universal to any intelligence species that emerges on any planet. Why do you So I think it's really hard to say like, what here is universal to other places versus Yeah.


It's certainly a big leap, right? Yeah. We have no evidence. Yeah. There's no evidence of people anywhere else. Yeah. Or any other life form. Yeah. No real evidence. There's a lot of shenanigans, there's a lot of weirdness, but there's no real evidence. Yeah. There's no evidence for life on any other planet. And so the me and the mechanism of how life even got on this planet is not known. I spent my entire career working on this fucking hard problem. But like, I think it's like the appropriate descriptor of it. It's really hard. So I think it's easy to speculate on like what we think life on other worlds will be like. And we tend to do it from a very anthropocentric lens where we'll say it will be like us. And you know, even professional astrobiologists will do the same kind of thought experiments. And they'll say, oh, well the geochemistry on a planet should give rise to things like DNA and proteins.


And so we should look for those in the universe. And, I think that's really underestimating how large the space of possibilities actually is. So when you're thinking about the emergence of life is the only way to do it, I mean it can't be the only way. It has to emerge with certain temperatures the way ours has in water. It seems like there could be a wide variety of possibilities that things could adapt to whatever particularly unique environment that this planet provides given a sustainable temperature and d given enough resources that it can survive, that we could have Look like we have jellyfish, Right? Yes. We have lots of weird stuff on this Planet.


They've been around as long as us. Yeah. Right. Like octopi Octopi are really weird. Crazy, Crazy crazy. Totally bat shit. Crazy. Like what? When my friend, my friend Remy Warren, he used to host a show called Apex Predator. And what essentially the show was about was like examining apex predators in their particular adaptation they have for their environment and seeing like what a, a human can imitate. Like what are these things that They do? And he said octopus, by far was the most bizarre thing to dive into. Yeah. Because he said they're aliens. They are I mean, not literally, but like, no. Yeah. But see, no, no, I totally agree. I I mean they independently evolved a nervous system. So, and like And I, you know, like they're crazy.


Yeah. I think they're the most alien thing on this planet from us as far as like trying to look at comparable intelligence and really understanding a different evolutionary trajectory Also. Like what, how they can take their body and completely morph it to look like coral. That's instantaneously within Seconds they look like, I know the color changes are shocking. Incredible. Yeah. And the texture. It's everything. They just, how does it even know what it's doing? How does it know what it looks like on the outside? It doesn't have a mirror. What, how did it adapt that Don don't know. They're making a lot of progress. There was like the first Celo neuro conference this year, which I sent one of my students to, I didn't go to. That's a great term. but I know, right? Like, that's a great term. I know the neuroscience of cephalopods, but yeah, I don't, I don't think we know a lot about how they work or how they think.


And their lifespan is incredibly short. It's only like a year or two. It's just crazy. Yeah. I have a friend who is building this office building, And I talked him out of putting a jellyfish tank in it. He's like, 'cause he wanted to have this big cylindrical jellyfish tank in the center. Like when you walk And I go, dude, trust me, that is a, that's gonna be such a headache. They die all the time. They don't live. Oh sure. Oh. It's like a constant. But they're So beautiful. Oh, gorgeous. Yeah. But there's one of those tanks in the Mandalay Bay Shark Exhibitive. Have you ever been in that? No, I haven't. Incredible. Yeah. Mandalay Bay has this enormous aquarium. So It's like, I've always wanted to go. I wanna take my kids. But yeah, I Haven't been yet. It's so cool. I've been taking my kids since they were really little.


Yeah. It's, it's one of the dopest places. 'cause you go in there and there's sharks swimming around and all these incredible fish and people are diving in there with them and it's enormous. So we, we went on a tour of it and one of the things that they showed us was their jellyfish habitat. That's it right there. Oh. So that thing is a damn nightmare. And they have all these pipes and filtration systems and you have to do they Just fish the dead jellyfish out? That's a good question. I'm not sure. I'm not sure if they get sucked into the vent. I, Yeah. I wonder They have like a thing that they just like filter them every day to make sure there's no dead ones hanging out. I Don't know how They do that. I don know. But the interior of it, look how beautiful. Yeah. They're amazing. God, they're so incredible. I mean, just imagine if we found that on another planet how excited we would be.


We would be trying to talk to it. We'd be blown away. We'd be doing everything out. We'd be sending it sound and, and various codes to try to see. Yeah. See if we can communicate with it. We try to understand its nervous system. Where's its brain? It doesn't have a brain. Like where is it? Where's the brain? Like Yeah. Where's, where's the blood? Does it have blood? Like what is that? We would be freaking out. We would be, But it's in the ocean. We're like, oh, don't get stung. Yeah. But I mean there's a certain level of excitement seeing It here, I think. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I think how diverse life on earth is is rather shocking. I, I guess probably we're decent. We're like, you know, used to it as you're saying. So we don't find it as shocking as we should. Do you think that this is, that human life I mean?


I'm sure you've thought about this. Do you think that this is a very unusual circumstance that it creates this? Or do you think there's versions of this is just rare? I, you know, I, I don't know will be my honest scientific professional answer. I sure think How could you Yeah, no, of course. How could you but I think it's really important to be like, honest about the fact that we don't know and just like, put it out there because it's very tempting to speculate. but I think, you know, the more I think about how large the universe really is, And I don't even mean physically large. Like, you know, like, you can look at the Hubble deep field and you can see, you know, 10,000 galaxies of like the size of your like pen tip on the night sky.


And you're like, oh my God, the universe is a huge place. But if you, you know, like if you go into a chemistry lab and you ask a chemin mathematician how many molecules there are, they can't even estimate how many molecules there are. Like, chemical space is so big. Wow. It's, it's really crazy. Like there's one molecule, I usually use an example, it's called Taxol, which is an anti-cancer drug. And if you wanted to make every permutation of that molecular structure and every like, sort of three dimensional shape you could with those atoms, it would fill 1.5 universes in volume, 1.5 universes, one molecular formula. This is how big chem chemistry is. And then if you wanna get to technological artifacts or biological forms, like the space that we live in is so exponentially large, it's unimaginable.


And to think that other life out there would traverse the same path through the space of things that could exist that we have is to me, like a major, sort of a major leap. I'm not ready to take because I just, I think the universe is far larger in the kind of living things that could exist than we can even imagine. Wow. The the molecule thing is hard to absorb. Yeah. It's totally crazy. Like I I mean, if you, if you wanna think about like, you know, you've got this like crazy stuff on your desk and you took the atoms and those things and you thought about all the ways that you could arrange them, it would feel universes of interesting artifacts. Right. Universes. And like, why is this one sitting on your desk?


Right. Like, why is this the aesthetic humans chose? Right. I mean it's kind of cool, but you know, like it's, it's crazy to think about how much stuff could exist but doesn't exist because it wasn't selected and evolution didn't build it over time. Wow. That's such a fascinating way to think about it. The, the overwhelming possibilities. The overwhelming number of different variations. Yes. And so on your question about like humans and like our specialness, I think what is special about us is we're actually capable of imagining some of that space. And not just imagining it, but constructing it with our technology. That was your point about Yes. Societies and things. So there is something special about quote unquote human level intelligence or whatever is going on in the human brain.


I don't know if it, whatever that thing is, I think is pretty universal and pretty deep about the structure of reality. I don't know if it would be in something that's like a human on another planet, but I think our ability to abstract imagine and create is probably universal. Yeah. There's another thing about us that I think is bizarre and it it speaks to this concept that there, there's a theory about the creation of human beings, right. That human beings, the, the wackiest, one of all is that human beings are the product of accelerated evolution. Yeah. That something has manipulated our genome. Something has manipulated the lower primates. That's why the human brain size doubled over a period of 2 million years.


Yeah. And that, this thing, well, but when I think about it, one of the things that, one of the things that intrigues me is I am a, a a lover of nature and I'm a, I'm completely fascinated by how animals interact with each other. I mean I can watch nature documentaries All day long. Yeah. Invasive species are weird. Right. Because when something happens and someone brings a turtle to an island where it doesn't belong, or when someone brings a goat to a place that doesn't belong, or Australia, which is a fantastic example. There's like so many animals that are non-native invasive species. These Asiatic buffaloes, there's millions of them. They have to fly overhead and shoot them down with helicopters.


'cause there's so many of them. Humans are kind of like that, aren't we? Kind of like that I mean if there's an animal that doesn't live in sync with its environment in nature and overwhelms the boundaries and seems to exist in some different sort of space than everything else. Everything else, there's sort of a balance between predator and prey resources Yeah. And birth rates. There's all this, this sort of symbiotic interaction with nature, with a natural world. But we are wild. Like we're just dumping shit into the ocean and killing all the fish and polluting the sky. Yeah. And driving in our cars and flying in our planes and still talking about climate change and, you know, injecting people with chemicals and trying to make more, more babies and let's Vi's a lot of good for the planet.


Again, optimist, but I Sure. Sort of. Yeah. But there's so many of us. Yeah, we are, we are on every damn rock that you could find that's habitable. Yeah. We are essentially like rats. We, we go everywhere we can go, which is like an invasive species thing. Yeah. I I think you could talk about it that way. And I think people do. I I don't really think that's a useful narrative. I Love us, don't get me wrong. I yeah. I I'm not, I'm not an anti person, but I just, no, I didn't objectively in analyzing our behavior and our impact or environment. And it's very similar to like wild pigs getting introduced into an area where they don't have natural predators. Yeah. I think part of the challenge is actually thinking about like this, the levels of organization that biology has.


So what I mean is like, you know, individuals are not actually the problem in what you're describing. It would be like, human societies are the problem and humans have, because we have societies and, you know, organization that enable us to do these things. Like we're able to, you know, take over all these environments and things. but I like, the way I think about life is much more at the planetary scale. So for me, you know, going all the way back to the origin of life, you know, life doesn't happen just in one environment. It happens in all environments. And it's really like a planetary scale transition. Like something happened on our planet with enough geochemical environments mixing to mediate this global transition. And when you look at the evolution of life, you get these kind of hierarchies where like cells evolved and then multicellular organisms like cephalopods and plants and fungi and us, and then we get things that build societies like ant colonies or human societies.


And it just seems to me it's like, it's a natural progression of the evolutionary process to build more complex systems at larger collective scales that are doing, having more impact on the planet and restructuring more of it. And, you know, if life wants to get off this planet, it has to go through something like us. So I don't think, you know, I think we can look at it from the, you know, couple hundred year timescale and say these things are terribly negative and predator prey, this, that and the other thing. But if you look at it over the billions years timescale, there's a really different picture that emerges about what we are and what we're doing. Isn't it a fascinating thought though that you I immediately, and we all do go to if life gets off this planet.


Yes. So that seems to be something that we have baked into us. We have this idea of exploring the universe. So wouldn't something else have that too? Sure. And if something else had that and it was a hundred million years more advanced than us, and it found us still throwing shit at each other and beating each other to death with sticks, wouldn't it come in and go me? Just would you? Yes. You would. Yeah. Would would it, why would, Would you fuck with it? Like what would you do? A hundred percent? Yeah. I would do exactly what they did. I think, I think that's what curious Things do. do like experiment on them. Yes. 100%. Yeah. Look, we, we do, we do it with animals all the time. Yeah. We make different kinds of That's how you learn. Yeah. We also, we, we don't seem to have a problem with sort of manipulating things that we consider lower than us.


Yeah. On the evolutionary scale. Yeah. I think that's a problem. but I don't know that that's one that can be solved. So this issue of, you know, trying to treat every living entity, you know, in sort of a equality, like I don't actually think it's possible to Treat treat Well you can't because they won't do that to you. No, you can, but you can't even, I like, you have to eat something, right? Yes. So. like if you value plants more than animals and you want, you want to eat plants, then you're, you're valuing you know, like you're, you're making value statements, but like, you know, plants are, you know, like they're still alive when you eat them. So it's like Only that there, there's evidences are sentient. Yeah. And plants exchange resources. Yeah. They communicate through mycelium. There's Yeah. There's a lot more plants.


There's all kind of very complicated information processing going on in plants. Yeah. Yeah. It's, we are very sort of ego-centric to think that our version of consciousness is the only version of consciousness. And I always say that when I, when I talk about dolphins and, and orcas like it, to me it, it's one of the biggest crimes of modern civilization that we keep those things in fish tanks. Yes. I totally agree with that. Swimming pools. I Totally agree. I think they're just like us. I just think they can't manipulate their environment. Yes. So we essentially have these slave pools where people celebrate. It's very, with your children to stare at the slaves. Yep. I think they're of, of an insanely intelligent species that just doesn't manipulate its environment. And we're so egocentric in our concept of like, what means what does intelligent mean?


Can you control your environment? Can, do you have a house? Did you make a house? do you have a car? Like how do you get around? Do you communicate with each other through cell phones? Well then you must be stupid. you know,


like this episode is brought to you by Circuit of the Americas. It's almost time for racing here in Austin, Texas. With the United States Grand Prix taking place this October 18th to 20th. Imagine watching drivers whisk away at 230 miles per hour strapped to an engine half as hot as the surface of the sun, and cornering with 77 pounds of force weighing on their necks nearly twice the G-Force as a space shuttle launch. This will definitely be one of the biggest weekends of sports, entertainment, music, and incredible food in the US with racers like Max Vapin, Louis Hamilton, Charles Laki, and Sergio Perez. Along with performances by Sting and Eminem. I've died and gone to heaven. This is 36 hours of unadulterated entertainment across the weekend. Three days of Formula One racing on a real F1 track plus sting performing Friday and Eminem on Saturday, on the circuit of the America's super stage in Austin. Experience and explore 1,500 acres across one of the most beautiful racing circuits in the world. Featuring covered grandstands 30 plus Austin musicians performing around the venue. An incredible festival atmosphere with unique villages, fan zones and local eats and drinks. This includes the All Pro Smoke show featuring the best of Texas Pit Masters cooking over open flames. Get your tickets to this once in a lifetime event today@thecircuit.com. That's the circuit.com or text race to five 11. Five 11. Don't miss the greatest weekend of motor sports, music, entertainment, and food in the United States here in Austin, October 18th, 19th and 20th. Just text race to five 11. Five 11 or go to the circuit.com today.


This episode is brought to you by Crash Champions. There's nothing worse than being overwhelmed by an unexpected car accident and not knowing what to do next, but as bad as a situation like that might be, crash Champions is here to answer the call. Turning your bad day around with Trusted Collision Repair. They'll save the day by getting your vehicle back on the road quickly, safely, and looking like the accident never happened. So next time a wreck ruins your life, remember to trust Crash Champions. They will answer the call and make it right. Ask your auto insurance company about crash champions, visit crash champions.com to find a location near you.


Exactly. We have this idea and You have to have the iPhone 16. It can't be the 14 because then you're really stupid. Yeah. Well if you're gonna make things, you gotta make better things all the time's and you gotta gotta keep up with the Joneses. Yeah. But there's this weirdness that we have attached intelligence to ability to manipulate the environment. And when you've ignored language, the fact that they have a cerebral cortex, 40% larger than ours, the fact that they have different dialects, that they speak in different areas, different accents, different way they, ways they commun. And we don't even know what they're saying. We're, we're trying to use ai Yeah. To Recognize the speech pattern. Yeah. And, I love this stuff about digital bioacoustics and like decoding languages of animals. Yeah. It's like, It might be our only way. Yeah. It's, it's amazing.


It's an amazing field. I think it's gonna take a while before we really, you know, realize the potential of it. But it's super exciting what people are trying to do. Well they've been doing interspecies communication research forever and they've gotten nowhere. Right. They've gotten nowhere. Yeah. Like the leery stuff stuff. Yeah. Or not Leary, the guy who made the sensory deprivation tank. God damnit Don. Don't know who that is either. Oh, it's locked in my head. I can't, I always know this guy's name. And what is it Typing too slow. Oh, Lily John Lily. Thank you. God. Why does that happen? Like, that's a problem with the mind. Yeah.


Because you can't remember everything. You forget things. So you have more information. I have Too much shit in there. Yeah. There's a lot of un I need a clean house. It's hard. It's really hard. But Lily, he invented sensory deprivation tank and one of the things that he would do with the sensory deprivation tank, he was trying to create an environment where your body in the physical senses of the body don't influence the mind at all. So there's more resources for the mind. Yeah. And he was setting up these tanks neck to dolphin tanks and taking LSD and trying to communicate with dolphins. I have heard About these things. Yeah. He did a lot of really wild things with dolphins. Yeah. But none of it really, There was a whole generation that had a lot of wild things with dolphins. But yeah, I, I think I, I think there's a lot of progress in animal communication and, and, but I I think we're very far from understanding whether animals are communicating at all like us and in what ways.


Right. It's might be. Yeah. We might be very limited in thinking that this is the only way Also. Well also your point about anthrop, centralizing, like we, we just, you know, like we have our bubble. We think about the world this way and like the human way is the only way and the right way. And we put our notions of intelligence on other species. And if they don't match, we think they're not intelligent. And that's just, that's just not right. Also, we're thinking about this animal like an orca or a dolphin with a 40% larger cerebral cortex. And why are we discounting the possibility of some sort of telepathic communication? Yeah. Like that sounds and frequencies are attached to feelings and that there's something going on that's not like I love you like in words Yeah.


But some sort of, some sort of expression that's different than our concept of language. Yeah. I would, I would say it's certainly possible that they're communicating things that are emotional or much more intelligent than we give them credit through. Just like with, with their patterns of speech because they're pretty complex. Yeah. Yeah. So, and then if you think about alien life, you always think about alien life. Like us. Yeah. You think about an alien life that, well we kind of physically needed to do that in order to conquer the surrounding predators. If we wanted to evolve and we wanted to stay alive and gather resources, we we had to figure out a way to keep the animals from eating us.


Right. Yeah. That and, and then just sur like survive in our environment. Right. Right. Animals are one danger, but there's plenty of other ones. Like, you don't wanna eat the wrong berries. Right. You wanna like make sure that you have warm clothes in winter. Right. I mean it's hell out there. Yeah. It's a lot. Yeah. Survival's Hard. Whereas dolphins are in warm water. Yeah. Before we came along there was an abundance of fish. Right. Seems like you don't have to do too much more. Yeah. You guys got it nailed. Yeah. you know, they're probably living in paradise till we came along. Yeah. Stuck in swimming pools now live in these noisy oceans or they're in a pool. Yep. Yeah. Both things, right? Yeah, That's, yeah, for sure. I think, I think this is one of the things that really motivated me to really, like I I mean, obviously I love theoretical physics and thinking deeply about the nature of reality.


But like, why pick the problem of life? And I think life is so complicated. Like all the examples you're giving, we don't really understand what it's like to be another species or even to be another human. Quite honestly. And I think without like, like if we had a deep understanding of the nature of life, these kind of questions would be much easier. I mean, when you wanna talk about a psychedelic experience, imagine if VR could put you I mean, if there was some sort of an integrated VR that gets to like a real like matrix sort of state where it allows you to have the thought processes of a being for a short amount of time. Like if they could record Yeah. Octopus thought process And put it in your brain Yes.


And give you the feeling of what It means. It wouldn't be human for a little while. For a little while. Yeah. Yeah. But imagine the feeling of what it is to be an octopus. Not just like, wow, I could see the ocean Yeah. In my language, but instead think like an octopus for a brief period of time. Yeah. I think that would be amazing. Amazing. I've thought about it. Like what, what must it be like to be a plant I mean like, you know, most places have like a plant in every room and it's like the plant's experiencing the room right now. Like what is it doing? It's like just weird if you actually try to think about it. Right. What does it feel like to be a plant? And it grows better if you play classical music. Like What? Yeah. What I mean. Their way of expressing their personality, so to speak. Or like their, their morphology is like, you know, like their shape is like their expression of their behavior.


Right. Like, animals can move around in an environment, but a plant just grows. Right. So its shape is its behavior. Which is kind of crazy. It is kind of crazy. The just the, the whole interaction that they have with each other. The fact that we've only figured that out over the last few decades. Yeah. It's, and have you ever seen like time lapsed photos of plants? Yeah. And they interact with each other. Know. I know. Yeah. It's been amazing. Yeah. Wrap Around each other and hug each other. Yeah. It's crazy. But we have a hard time even with plants not anthrop, centralizing with the kind experiments we wanna do to learn how they're intelligent. 'cause they're using a lot of animal based experimental programs to try to test plant intelligence and they probably don't fit plant intelligence. Hmm. Because their intelligence is so different. Right. So it's really hard to say like what kinds of properties they actually have.


And so if we think about the wide potential for variability in, in terms of planets out there in the known universe, you would imagine that there'd probably be a lot of intelligent animals that would find some sort of Goldilocks thing like dolphins had. Yeah. Where they don't really need to manipulate their environment. They're kind of dominant over sharks. you know, they're, they're, they're not really worried about getting eaten by other things except these Are the aliens we'll never meet. 'cause they had no, they had no reason to go out and explore and conquer So like the Navi and Avatar. Yeah. They just, they're aliens where they're kind of like, you know, synced up. Right. Which is really fascinating too, because like that movie caused people to get depressed that they don't live like the Navi.


Do you know that that was like a real, like dying thing. I didn't Know that was a real thing. That's crazy. Yeah. It's called Avatar depression. Really? Yeah. And people would go to see that movie and those people lived in such spiritual harmony with their mother planet. Yeah. And, and you just, they they rode around on these flying dragons and they, they were honest and noble and like, we were like, God, I want to be them. And so people would like go back to their beep, you know, apartment people beeping their horns and pollution and garbage on the street and crazy homeless people. He'd be like, fuck, I want to live in Navi land. I wanna live in Pandora. I wanna, I wanna live like them. So people got depressed. Weird. Yeah. Avatar depression was like a real thing. That's so crazy.


Psychologists were dealing with it. They had to sit people On the couch. But the idea of utopia is like, so oversold I mean, I think there's So like, like it's, I don don't know. Like I don't think such things exist. I don't think utopia exists, but I think harmony exists. Harmony For sure. Yeah. And I think that, but you Have to work hard for it. Yes. And that's the, I think that's the thing. Like I, I think there's some conception that there's some easy path to harmony. And harmony requires work and it requires constant work. Constant work. Yeah. There's no days off. No And. I. I also think that we are, we are, we have created a world in which harmony is very difficult to acquire. Yeah. 'cause our world and the structure of doing a thing that you probably do not want to do for most of your day to pay off debt Yeah.


For something that you really didn't need to. Yes. you know, education that you've turned out don't use and all this different stuff that keeps, it's very difficult for people in this environment, this especially urban environments that we've fastened Yeah. To create harmony. Whereas people that live like in hunter gatherer tribes and people that live subsistence lifestyles in particular, they report much higher levels of satisfaction. Yeah. I can imagine that. Happiness, less depression. I think debt's really hard. 'cause you're constantly aspiring to things and you're right. Like it's just totally baked in. Like, you know, even I still have student loan debt from like Yeah. you know, it's just like, it's like you wanna do you wanna be, yeah. You just, you take on debt, you try to do something.


Yeah. It's pretty bad. There was a vice series a long time ago back when Vice like, was really first starting out and it was a vice guy to travel and they went to visit this guy who lives in the Arctic Circle. And he's been there since like the 1970s. I think. He went out there initially as a logger. He's one of the last few people to have a a a a. He has a permit for a cabin out there. So he lives in this small cabin with no windows. Yeah. Sort of like, while they were filming, he had to shoot a grizzly bear that was trying to kill his dog. Oh dear God. And and steal his food. He's had dogs. It's nice For like six hours. It's, It's very hard. I can't even imagine. Look, It's the point is that this guy does live in harmony though, and he's very healthy and very happy.


Mm. And you know, the way he talks about, like, he's a very intelligent person. Yeah. you know, he's not like some weird caveman who's out there in the woods hunting Care. I think most of people that do like, it's a choice Right. To actually Yes. Decide to live that way. So Well for him it certainly is, but it's also he has an ability to communicate. That's unique for a guy who does that because it's not like he's talking to a lot of intelligent people all the time. Yeah. I mean he's essentially out there by himself. Yeah. That's Super hard. Does he read a A lot with his wife? don? Don't know. It's a good question. But he, he seems to have, like, he's synced up with nature. I mean he's catching fish and he is hunting animals and he's, that's all he's eating. Yeah. He lives off of that.


And this guy wakes up every morning and says, what do I need to do to stay alive another day? And he just goes out and does that. Which seems like for us, we're like, oh my God, that sounds terrible, but does it really sound more terrible than going to a job at some corporation that doesn't give a shit about you? Yeah. That will cut you if the stock is down and you've dedicated 25 years of your life to this company and all of a sudden you're gone and now you don't know what to do and you're on unemployment. You're like, what did I do with my life? I'm 46. Yeah. What the fuck happened? That's a lot of people. Whereas this guy, he knows what he's gonna do tomorrow. He knows what he is gonna do the next day. And every, and Also he knows his life matters every day. Right? Yes. Like I think this is a thing we forget is like Right. you know, our life is a choice and you know, like, and you're fighting for like whatever way you wanna live your life, but we're kind of just in the daily grind, we lose our connection to that existential reality that like, our lives are finite.


And, I think it really changes your perception of things when you really think about the fact that you have a finite amount of time. Yes. And food's not guaranteed. Yes. That's another thing. Well, Survival's not guaranteed. Right? Right. So we take for granted survival and therefore we take for granted that we're alive at all in some sense. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. So when you start studying all these things and thinking about life and, and, and thinking about the, the various possibilities of life. What, what is the, what's the, the lowest single celled organism? How long ago do we think that that emerged? I think current estimates are that life, like the oldest fossils that we can identify and like tracing back genomically about 3.8 billion years ago.


So essentially somewhere around a billion or so years that we can find from the time earth was Formed. Yes. Yeah. So Earth, we think, you know, formed between 4.5 and 4 billion years ago, So like four, 4 billion years ago, we kind of had earth as we understand it mostly now we don't know if there were oceans, but the moon forming impact had happened. That's Earth one and Earth two, the impact with some other planet. Yeah. Thea, I think it was called. Yeah. Just smacked in the earth and then made our moon must have been really traumatic. Imagine. So I think most people think like life didn't happen before that. 'cause if it did, it would've been ob obliterated. But we really don't know. So yeah, current estimates are around, you know, like four to 3.7, 3.8 billion years ago.


So somewhere a billion or less than a billion years later, something emerges. Yes. And how do we think that happened? There is no consensus. Ooh, none. Yeah, I know. It's not, isn't that fun? It's fun. Yeah. It's kind of crazy. It's Totally crazy. I, that's why I like this problem because nobody knows what happened. Wow. And you know, there's a Lot of, so what are the primary theories? There's a lot of speculation. you know, those sort of canonical ones that you'll hear about are usually like the RNA world that life started with an RNA molecule, which like RNA is still in our bodies today. So, like DNA most people are probably familiar with gets translated like transcribed into RNA and then the RNA is what's used to make proteins.


So, so RNA, you know, kind of does a dual role. So people think, oh, maybe it, it happened early on and it was the first life. And then there's like other hypotheses like hydrothermal vents and you know, sort of energy first approaches to origins of life that like we had some metabolism that was organizing, but all of these are really speculative And, I think, I think the issue is that we're trying to take molecules that are in modern living systems and trying to understand how they could emerge in a prebiotic environment on early earth and not really thinking about how the earth and the geochemistry on the earth had to evolve into a living system. So it had like selection had to happen, evolution had to happen before life.


And this is sort of the critical gap that we're really missing is like, what is that mechanism? And that's where assembly theory is supposed to be coming in, is trying to give us a mechanism for how chemical systems can evolve before we even have a living cell, for example. And like, and trying to iterate what those missing stages are because we just don't know what they look like right now. Well Also like what would the evolutionary advantage of becoming a cell be? I think well so that's, so that's a great question, but the, one of the problems with this area is like we don't know what questions to ask. So I actually don't know that that's the right question. I think when you think about it much more deeply about like The, Physics of Life and the way that we've been describing it already, if you think physics, the, like what life is doing as a mechanism in the universe is maximizing the amount of stuff that gets to exist.


For example, like there's this whole world of complex objects that cannot exist unless there's a living architecture that can select and constrain the space to make, you know, something like this instead of like the universe is of other things those atoms could be arranged in. So if you, if you think that, that there's something that deep in that fundamental about the nature of life, the origin of life transition has something to do with the emergence of systems that basically can persist, they can survive against this sort of random chemical noise. Like chemical soup is just a mess of things being created and destroyed, created and destroyed. And you get something that basically can reinforce its own existence enough to keep existing and then building more complex stuff. Mm. And that's really the origin life transition is pretty, pretty simple to say like that.


But trying to build an experiment and understand the sort of chemical architecture that mediates that transition is quite hard. And that's where we're at right now. And, And so experiments are being done to try to recruit? Yes. Yeah. How do they conduct these? So that's my, my collaborator. Lee Cronin is a chemist and he's totally brilliant. And actually him And I are probably, you know, don don't know. Like what we're trying to do is, is a little bit crazy to solve the origin of life. But you know, like I had an, like, he, he's doing the experimental stuff, but like the, the sort of idea we had in mind is like, I'll write a book, try to get the ideas out there, get people excited about thinking about this space, and he'll start a company that will digitize chemistry and try to raise the funds to actually do the experiments.


So he's trying to build the technology and the experiments it's built on this platform he has for building robots that basically do the chemistry for you. And the idea being if we could build a large enough experiment, we could search that huge space of chemistry a little bit like a circuit search al algorithm for chemistry, and then be able to look in chemical space and try to discover aliens Whoa. In an origin life experiment on earth. And so that's what we're trying to do. Whoa. I'm really excited. I hope it happens. Imagine if you guys, if someone does something like this, maybe it's you, maybe it's someone else, someone does something like this and creates an artificial life form and then starts manipulating that life form and evolving that life form.


Yes. Through Some That's the Aim. Some extraneous processes. Yeah. So I mean there are benefits to that, right? So, so lease company Chemies is a digital chemistry company and their stated aim is to be able to 3D print any molecule on demand, right? So this has huge impact for the pharmaceutical industry, but like the real goal is to make an artificial life form in the lab, but that also has huge impact for humanity. 'cause you imagine that now you have the ability to study in this other system, all of these other kinds of chemistries. Like what can you do for like antibiotic discovery or pharmaceutical drug discovery or even psychedelic drug discovery if people like that. But you know, like there's, there's a crazy amount of new technology and new insights fundamentally to come out of that.


but I also don't think that we're really gonna understand these other kind of technologies that we're building. Like when we're thinking about artificial intelligence and like, is that alive or not? Unless we solve this chemical problem of what life is. Because I think the chemical problem is much harder, but much more direct as far as like understanding the fundamental nature of life when you solve it. And an experimental program. Biological life, Biological life, chemical life. 'cause it won't, it won't be biology as we know it. Right? Right. That's the whole point. Right? That's the the point. It'll be alien biology that we evolve in the lab. Right? And, I actually think this is how we're gonna make first contact with alien life. Because I think we won't recognize it unless we understand what it is. Wow. No. What ethical concerns would arise when you take a thing, like, let's say, let's advance this, this whole process a few hundred years from now and you've created artificial life, you've created this thing that doesn't exist anywhere else.


And then instead of it being subject to natural selection as a a vehicle for it, it, its advancement. Instead we just start fucking with it. Yeah. And then it gets to a point where there's an ethical concern like, hey, this thing's about to get smarter than us. What do we do? I Think there's ethical concerns right along the way. And I don't know that I know immediate answers to those. So I, you know, it's kind of like this is the part where it's a little existentially traumatic to work on these kind of problems. So I have a friend that's a philosopher, Ben Bratton, and he says the best kind of like ideas are the ones that are like equally like really exciting and horrifying. Mm. And like, you wanna work on those ideas 'cause you don't know what it's like future is gonna be And. I tend to be on the optimistic side.


I think we need to solve this problem because I think we have this sort of existential crisis in some sense that humanity is facing. 'cause we don't understand what we are, we don't understand what our technologies are doing. We don't understand what our long-term future holds. We don't even understand all the life around us on this planet. So we solve that problem. I think that the lens through which we will look at the kind of ethical things that you're talking about will be radically different because the knowledge itself will have transformed us. So I can't even anticipate what those kind of dialogues are gonna be like. Hmm. Imagine if like, instead of just wondering about cephalopods and plants and stuff in this conversation, we actually had a fundamental understanding of what it is to be other life forms and life as a, you know, as part of the fundamental structure of reality and like participatory in actually like what the universe builds.


And you have that kind of understanding. I, I think it radically changes the way that we conceptualize who we are and what we're doing. And, I don't, you know, I don't know what that looks like. And we would assume that if we continue, especially down the path of AI and quantum computing, they're probably gonna solve a lot of these problems. Yeah. I think we're flying blind in those areas though. Really. Especially AI I mean, I think that that's pretty obvious that, you know, there's a huge amount of debate about the nature of intelligence in these artificial algorithms. I certainly think that their life, but I think their life in the sense that the lineage of information necessary to train a large language model, for example, you know, requires a planet to evolve something like us and evolve language and then enough data about that language to train the model.


So it's a direct descendant, like you were saying, like, you know, our technologies are babies, but, so there's that part of it. but I think, I don't know, I totally lost my train of thought. This is very funny. It went two ways. And, Don don't know which way I wanna go. That's very funny. Yeah. What was your question again? I'm so sorry. That's a good question, don. Don't remember what my question was. So we're both in the same boat. The the idea was, I was like that artificial intelligence would enhance our understanding of what it means to be biological life. Oh, you're right. Yeah. And you were asking about quantum information. Yeah. Yes. And that with, when, when, when computing power is massively increased and you have a sentient artificial intelligence that essentially has all the information that we have of every human being, all every database, everything all over the world, but yet far more capable of processing this and advancing these things that maybe it'll have a more of complex understanding of what life is.


Yeah. So there the, yeah. So I think, I think there's like a sort of subtlety here when you're talking about artificial intelligence and whether it could compete with natural intelligence, right? So this is sort of the canonical debate about the nature of artificial intelligence. but I think, I think we really underestimate what chemistry can do. And, I think some of the most powerful computers on this planet are still chemical. And if we actually understand chemistry better, you know, with these kind of new digital chemistry technologies, the kind of compute we can get outta chemistry might actually outcompete silicon in the long run. Hmm. Well then there's also the concept of hybrids, right? Yes. When becomes hybrids, I like, I like, I like that concept, but this gets into the blurry area of like, are you human anymore?


Right? Like if you, if you have a chip in your brain and you're, you're, you're like being a CE pod and then you morph into like yeah. you know, being, you know, on your own desktop. Like, are you still human? Well That's what I always say about like, if you go back to Australia Pentheus and explain to him airplanes and Yeah. Cell phones, but you can't be Australia cus anymore. I'd be like, whoa, I don't want to stop being me. Yeah. you know? Wouldn't that be the same reaction that they have? I think yeah. Probably. Probably be terrified. Yeah. don don't wanna be become a person. I don't wanna become an alien. No. I don wanna be some great dude with a giant head and big black eyes. But maybe that's what we become. Yeah. I think also intergenerationally, we're already doing that. So like the sort of, you know, people will always talk about how kids are more comfortable with technology than their parents or grandparents were.


Oh yeah. And why are they more comfortable? Because they grew up in a totally different environment. Right? Like the world has literally changed in the last few decades. So like the world that kids are growing up today is not the world that it was when kids were growing up like 50 years ago. Right. And so they are quote unquote alien, not really alien, but like they're, they're really fundamentally different in, in a lot of ways And I think it's okay to recognize that. Like that's, you know, part of the progression of understanding and the fact that the world is changing and, and If we're looking at it from generation to generation, let's scale that up a thousand years or a hundred thousand years or a million years. Those Are fun thought experiments. Yeah. It really is. Because the amount of change that's happened in terms of technology and our ability to access it over the past a hundred years is enormous.


Yeah. But yet we're still the same biological creature. Like how long does that stay? Like when, when does that, when do we start integrating when, when even if we didn't integrate, how much of it would change us? Yeah. I mean, I, I I think we're already seeing signs of that, right? Like people's like fear of leaving their cell phone behind. Oh yeah. you know, it's like the extensible brain. Sure. So like we we're all pretty much attached to our cell phone already. So when you just, you know, you can imagine in a generation or two, it's more comfortable just to have that inside your body so then you don't lose it. Yes. Right. Some People are choosing to have it on their wrist now. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. It seems like we're in the very bizarre doorway period where we're sort of like about to go through this doorway of transhumanism.


Yeah. We're we can like the phone thing, like we don't wanna let it go. Yeah. We the car that you have to have a don don't know how to get anywhere without my navigation system. you know, all that stuff. Like, we're completely connected in some new strange way that we've just sort of accepted as normal now and accepted I mean for you. And I. It's over the course of our lifetime. I mean, when I was a child there was no internet. I remember very distinctly when it emerged. Yeah. It was, I was like 27 years old was the first time I got a computer. And I got online. I'm like, this is crazy. And that was the You've got mail there Days. Yeah. IAOL was like mind blowing to me. Mind Blowing. I know. Instant messaging. And I was like mind blowing. You could chat with people back and forth with the computer.


This is Crazy. It's totally mind blowing. And then you could research things and find out things. Yeah. And then when bandwidth started increasing and then you start to be able to watch videos. Yeah. And YouTube comes along and how many people have, there's obviously a lot of nonsense on things like YouTube, but how many people have become educated on so many different things? Oh, it's Brilliant because of YouTube. Brilliant. Yeah. I think it's great. It's Incredible. Yeah. There's so much to know. And you can, like on any subject, right. Quantum physics on carpentry. Yeah. Whatever it is. There's millions of videos. It is. And all of a sudden you're instantaneously watching some professor discuss what it means to be alive. Yeah. That's crazy.


I I love the time we're living in. I think a lot of people wanna complain about it, but I think it's fabulous. It's the best. You wouldn't wanna live in the eighties. No. All the music sucked. People were on Coke, The hair was great, The hair was interesting, but it was like, that was a dumb time. This is a better time. It's a better time To go alive. No, I think now it's now is perfect. Yeah. For us. Yeah. But if the people in the future gonna be like, imagine living in 2024. I know, right? Yeah. Imagine that presidential election they had to go through. Yeah. Imagine this and that and Israel and Gaza and blah blah blah. Yeah. I mean that's, they're gonna look back at us like, how did we do it the way we look back at cave people. Right. But I think the things that they're gonna ask about are not the things that we think that they're gonna ask about.


What do you think they're gonna ask about? I don't know. I set myself up for that. Now don don't have an easy answer That's so bad. Totally did that. Well I think, I don't know. Like you don't know. You don't know what the historical moments are right now. Right? Like we, we cite things that we think are historical, And I don't think that they are. And often times it's really interesting 'cause people imagine the future, you know, being radically different than the present. But Ken l is a science fiction author. He's got this great take that like, if you wanna actually predict the future, look at the things that haven't changed in centuries or haven't changed in decades. And those things are likely still to persist and be the same. And So like, like when he was talking about this, he had a picture of like, you know, some futuristic thing from like the 1930s and there was like a maid in like the black outfit with the white thing.


And they're like, which of these things is still around? Like, she's vacuuming and it's like just, you know, on the side of the photo and there's all these like robots and things, you know, like outside and like nothing looks the same except for like, we still have the same made outfits and vacuums and we recognize those. Interesting. And that was like predicted a hundred years ago. Right. So it's like, it's, it's weird our conception of things and like how much change there is. And of course we, you know, we are, we're our brains are tuned to look out for the things that are dangerous and changing in our environment. And so we're always hypersensitive to the things that are not changing or are changing without like recognizing how much is still the same. Mm. Interesting. And I, I also think we, we, we were, we're aware of how much of an impact technology in particular the internet has had on us, but probably not as much as someone who's studying history will be aware of it.


Yeah. To, to them. It'll almost be like a bomb went Off. Right? Yeah. Yeah. And, I. I love talking with historians especially about like the ideas i I work on right? So, like one of those sort of fundamental ideas in assembly theory, which is really radical in some sense from a perspective of physics, but just generally is that history is actually embedded in objects. So I actually think like any evolved structure has a a physical size. Like it might be sitting on the desk, but it also has a size and time. Mm. And this is actually like a fundamental feature of The Physics of Life. That that living objects, the things that life creates are large in time. And this kind of idea has been sitting around humanity for millennia that like contingency history might still be alive in the present, but we don't really think about that in a fundamental way.


So, you know, like I was talking with Thomas Moynihan, who's historian, he was just saying that there's so many threads through history that kind of point to this idea being like, you know, super interesting and very relevant. And so when you think about like the future history, are they gonna be like, oh, they finally realize these kind of things were true. Mm. Like And I. Think about this with the history of physics. It's kind of crazy at what generation we started realizing certain things. Like when did humanity first start abstracting and building mathematics? Or when did we build mechanical clocks and start recognizing that we could track things at the level of seconds. Like we had to invent seconds and now we take them for granted. Right. When did China invent the mechanical clock? What year was that? I don't know. Let's see if Jamie can find that out.


That's a fascinating thought. Right? I know because before that they required sundials. Right? you know, And I don't know how much of an effect, how much of an effect is like the sun Ians Well, all clocks before that were based On Sun 7 25 ad I mean. That's just incredible. Look At that. The world's first mechanical qua, water driven spherical birds was invented by Ying a Buddhist MO 7 25 80. Is there photos of what that looks Like? That's a good question.


This episode is brought to you by Experian. How many subscriptions do you have? It might take you longer than you think to figure it out. These days. It's far too easy to get a load of subscriptions that you might completely forget about. That's why I love services like Experian. It's like a personal assistant for your subscriptions. Experian could cancel over 200 plus subscriptions in categories like streaming services, meal kits, entertainment apps, and more. You can save an average of $270 per year. Plus they'll even let you know if your provider offers you a better deal to stick around. It's time to take control of your subscriptions. Download the Experian app. Results may vary. Not all subscriptions. Eligible savings, not guaranteed. $270 a year. Average estimated savings with one plus cancellation. Paid memberships with connected payment accounts required. See experian.com for details.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. The world can be a dangerous place. So it's hard not to think about the safety of the people and the things I value most. From break-ins to fires and floods, anything can happen. And there's only so much you can do. But thankfully, SimpliSafe can help pick up the slack. SimpliSafe has been helping people all over the country protect their homes for years with incredible levels of security and customer care. You'll sleep better every night knowing that SimpliSafe is 24 7. Monitoring agents are standing by to send help when you need it. Most. If you wanna try their security systems, now's a great time because I partner with them. To give my listeners 20% off a system, just visit simplisafe.com/rogan. SimpliSafe just keeps getting better. With exclusive live guard protection, SimpliSafe agents can act within five seconds of receiving your alarm and they can even see and speak to intruders inside your home. Warning them the police are on their way. It's no surprise it SimpliSafe has been named Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report for five years running. And it's the best customer service in home security by Newsweek. So protect your home this summer with 20% off any new SimpliSafe system. When you sign up for Fast protect monitoring, just visit simplisafe.com/rogan. That's simplisafe.com/rogan. There's no safe, like simply safe.


Is that what it Looks like? Whoa. Let's see what it looks like. Whoa. I wanna see like a real One. Imagine you would go visit that thing. I I know. Like I need to find out what time it is. And, I, go To this house. Well imagine, but I mean this is a good thought experiment. Right? Like imagine being one of the first people to see a mechanical clock. How big was the first mechanical clock? Doesn't look small. It looks fucking huge. Yeah. Now we have them, like Our range. Is that the first one? Just imagine the calculations Yeah. Involved in figuring out how to make all these gears sort of click, click, click and sync. Or even having a concept that you could keep time with that kind of regularity. Yeah. Because like you're saying, our clocks before were based on like sand or shadows or water.


Like they were very elemental. Right. And they were not incredibly precise. Right. And, and then the sort of subsequent human knowledge that comes out of like timekeeping precision is things like the laws of gravitation, which we wouldn't understand. Like, you know, Newton and Galileo couldn't have done what they did in their generation unless mechanical clocks existed before they did. Right. And the tolerances are so tight that they've created things like turon movements so that they're not, they're they're not affected by gravity. Yeah. Like these constant force gears. Have you ever seen Turon watches? No. I feel like I should build a watch now. This is kind of like, I'm gonna get like this weird hobby where I'm gonna become like a watchmaker. Oh, watches are amazing. I know. They're cool. Mechanical watches are so damn cool.


Yeah, they're so fascinating. There's a company called Grand Seko. And Grand Seko is like the advanced version of Seco. Seco makes like a bunch of different kinds of levels of watches in terms of price points. But then Grand Seikos, they're luxury line and Grand Seco has created watches that are mechanical, but also have quarts involved in the movement. Oh. So their accuracy is insane to within a half a second a day. Oh, that's cool. And it's all just these gears. Yeah. Spinning around in Springs. Amazing. And a half a second a day. And they have a 72 hour power reserve. Wow. Some of 'em even more than that. It's bananas.


Yeah, no, it is. It really is bananas. Yeah. That they, they've figured out a way to do this with these tiny, and it, and this is one right here. So look how thin it is. It's awesome. It just sits right there. Is it heavy? No, not that heavy, but I have some of them. That's, that's a grand sake right there. It's called the spring drive. It's not that heavy, but that's all. There's, oh no, it's not that, that is also a grand seco. Wow. But there's all, there's mechanical gears and Stuff inside. So much cooler knowing what's going on inside. This one is different too, because this one actually has a battery as well. And so this one is super duper accurate and it's like, oh, very cool. They just tried to figure out a way to make these things over time more and more accurate, more and more precise. And what they've gotten it down to now is extraordinary.


Yeah. But show it the turon movement. 'cause it's bananas. When you see what those look like in some of these Turon watches, they go for hundreds of thousands of dollars. Really? Wow. For a watch. Just because the complexity of the gears. And then they also have clear windows over the movement so you could stare at it while it's like doing its thing. Yeah. Like this is a turbulent watch. Like look at all that jazz. That's amazing. Bananas. Look at all these gears. And I know. I'm trying to like figure out how many gears are actually in it, but it's pretty insane. And These sync up I mean don don't know what the accuracy of this is. Grand se this is another grand seko. This is their constant force tur on movement. But look what the watch, that's a, that watch is several hundred thousand dollars.


Wow. Because it is just so insanely complex. It's gorgeous to create. Yeah. I love the the see through that you can actually see the, See find out how accurate that thing is to today. Because there the dive watch or the spring drive is accurate within a half a second a day. So how accurate is that damn thing? Yeah. Nutty. But you could Do physics with it. So the fact that you're doing this with seconds and I mean the precision involved in making sure that every gear and every spring represents a second so perfectly with no deviation. That it's a half a second over 24 hours. Yeah. That's bananas. Okay. Plus or minus 12 seconds a day.


Is that a different turon? That's a different turon. That's a seagull turon. I was trying to find an answer for one of them. Yeah, that's a different one. This was saying Turon doesn't, It doesn't improve accuracy. Accuracy. Okay. So the idea is that it's not affected by gravity, but it doesn't improve accuracy. I see the same gravity fighting effect as turon mechanism of facts been proven that tur beyond's offer no more accuracy than a traditional escapement on a, a wristwatch in some cases even less. But it's, it's a, it's kind of a nerd thing. Yeah. No, I that people love Tur on movements. That's good. It's So fascinating. I could nerd out on those. They're Amazing. Oh, for sure. And you can go deep and deep and deep and Yeah. And they're also, some of them are like wafer thin. Wafer thin, and they have this automatic movement inside of them. So the movement of your ha your hand, like every time you move your arm, it's winding the watch.


Yeah. So as you move Oh really? Yeah. Yeah. So like a Rolex. Wow. Yes. If you have a, like an automatic watch, like a Rolex Submariner, you don't wind it, you move it around. And as you move it around, that's so cool. That's what causes it to have the power to keep going. I see. So as you are wearing it throughout the day Yeah. And then there's some that you do wh Yeah. Some that you wind. but I Just had a morbid thought that you could tell how long someone was dead for by like how many seconds off the watches because it wasn't wound up anymore by me. Sort of. But you'd only tell within, you know, 12 hours. Yeah. Yeah. I know. Yeah. That's funny Though. It is funny. Yeah, because well, you'd have to find out. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like what kind of a movement it is. Is this a 48 hour movement or 72 hour movement?


Yeah. How long does it last for? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's incredible technology Though. The watch broken already. Yeah. Yeah. Time Rolex watch helped solve a murder mystery. Whoa. Whoa. Okay. There you go. See I Wasn't totally off. Look at that. Wow. Is that how it solved it? Go through real Quick. Yeah. don don't know. I just made that Up. Cool. Interesting. Well, it makes sense. So that's the oyster perpetual, right? That's that's one of those watches that also has an automatic movement. Yeah. I just love the idea of recovering information and like figuring out puzzles. All right. The warlocks is known to be 48 hours. The power reserve police were able to determine the date of death within a reasonable margin of error by subtracting the watch's power reserve from the date that was displayed on the watch when it was found.


Yep. According to his Rolex watch, Ronald Platt was murdered on July 20th, 1996. But the problem with that is a lot of people don't set their date correctly. Yeah. So that wouldn't hold up in court. No. It seems like, like how do you know the guy was accurate with his date? Oh, how do you know he, how do you know he did had, if he had shitty vision, like you can't even see, I can't read that unless I have good lighting. Yeah. I can't read that. you know, So like how do you, you're Sent to the right date or No? Mine probably isn't. Hold on a second. Lemme tell you right now. It'd be funny if it's not. Oh, this one doesn't even have a date. Oh, there you go. That's not gonna hold up in court. Dur. This one doesn't have a date. You're safe. But some why did I think it does. That's funny. But some of them do, and that's a different, there's like a different mechanism inside of there.


It's called Complic, they call 'em complications. But these different ones, like they'll have one, I have one that I gave to Lex that's an omega and it, it has a moon on it. And so it has a moon faced thing where there's a high resolution photograph of the moon. Yeah. And as the moon rises and moves through the sky, it becomes a full moon and a half moon, a quarter moon. Oh, that's so cool. It shows it on the watch. So and so it's accurate. So you have to go to a website, you find out what the moon phase is, you set the moon phase for where the watch is, and then you set the time and the date in the watch, and then it stays in sync. Love it. It's crazy. That's so amazing. Yeah. It's the omega's really cool because it's a little image, but it's a high resolution image of the moon.


Yeah. Can you see where you can find one of those? It's a omega Speedmaster moon watch. And so this little moon sort of moves through this little night sky window. Yeah. In the bottom of the watch. I love the phases of the moon. Yeah. That's not it. Find the, the one with the moon on it. Jamie say, no, no, that's the, no, no, no. Moon watch is the watch they wore during the moon landings moon phase is what you're looking for. Yeah. So that one's different. That's it right there. Click on the one where you just had your cursor so that Oh, see the image of the moon in the bottom. Got it. And that dope.


So it even has like a bunch of little stars back there. And that's all run by gears too. Yes. So cool. It's so cool. And then the one on the above it, that's the calendar. Yeah. The window to the upper left of it, that's its calendar. And that's, It's amazing that they can sync all those different sort of scales of time within one device with just a bunch of gears. And incredibly accurate too. Yeah. Yeah. Amazing. That's, that's my favorite watch. I love that. I love it. That's great. It's so cool. It's a great gift. Yeah. But it's just an amazing piece of human ingenuity that they've, someone's figured out how to do that. Yeah. And again, that's fully mechanical. Yeah. That's just, you move your hand around. Right. And it does all the winding. Yeah. And it keeps it accurate. Yeah. Nuts. It is nuts. And that's Our simple little Simeon brains Human brains.


I know. It's amazing. And When you think about what could possibly become of advanced life, if we could exist in, you know, just stay alive and advance Yeah. Another million years. Yeah. Which doesn't seem outside the realm of possibility. I think it'll happen. You think so? I think so. What do you Think we look like in, in the future? I mean, I, I think as we've been talking about there, like it's some kind of hybrid existence. Like I can't, I think we are becoming more integrated with our technology. I don't, I don't feel like existentially traumatized by that. No. And I also don't think like, you know, there, there's like all these tropes about like machines completely replacing biological life. And I. Just don't think that's a realistic possibility either. Hmm.


And, and, and again, it goes back to like looking at the history of life on earth that like, there's no technology that life invented that, you know, like was completely replaced if it, you know, like if other subsequent architecture was built on it. So I always think about like the ribosome, which mediates the translation in a size a cell as one of the most important and oldest technologies on our planet. We don't think about molecules as technologies, but, you know, life had to invent that thing. And it's still here and there's billions of ribosomes on this planet. And like, they're, they're like kind of the engines of existence in some sense because cells require them to function. And so I think a lot of the stuff that we're building now, like, it's an interesting question. What's gonna be around billions of years from now? I don't think that we as humans have invented any technology that will last that long.


but I do think the idea that we're not gonna be replaced because we are like sort of a key part of the infrastructure of what comes next is compelling to me based on looking at the history of life on earth. Yeah. We may not be replaced, but we probably won't remain the same. So the question wet? No, we won't. Yeah. What Do we, when, when we do integrate, if we do have some sort of a technological cyborg existence, what does that look like? Well, the, the, the question of like, what does it mean to integrate though So like already in this discussion we've been talking about like being in a society or not in a society and the lifestyle of a human and what a human is, is fundamentally different. If you're an individual living a hunter-gatherer lifestyle on your own, versus if you're living in a modern society and you have all this technological aid and this like social constraints imposed on you that you have to hold a nine to five job and you have to have an income and all these other things, like Right.


You're a fundamentally different kind of entity Right. Than you would be as, you know, someone living in the wild on their own. And so we're already part of a technological infrastructure. We just don't really recognize societies as that. But it's being built more and more into us that we're kind of, you know, we're kind of stuck in that like most of us couldn't survive on our own and then we're gonna become more integrated with that system. So it's sort of, you know, I I I think of analogies with other kinds of life, like, you know, molecules inside a cell can't exist on their own either, but they're alive as part of a cell. Or, you know, ants in a society can't exist on their own. Like they need to be in the colony. And I think humans are already the same. I think so too. And I. Think the way we make distinctions with animals like feral pigs versus domesticated pigs and things along those lines.


Yeah. It's like we think of them as different things. Yeah. And I think that's, I think they are different. Yeah. And, and, and you could say there's like superficial physical resemblances, but I I think those are kind of superficial. I think like it's fundamentally different to be a wild species versus a domesticated one. Right. Or a wild human so to speak, versus a domesticated human. Right. Right. And I think when you look at that guy who lives in the Antarctica Yeah. Or in the Arctic circle rather. And you compare him to like the saddest overweight gamer. Yeah. Who's drinking Mountain Dew? All day? Oh, mountain Dew. That sounds painful. Oh. But if someone's just like a pale Yeah, no, no sunlight at all.


Just is eating garbage and playing Call of Duty All day long. Yeah. I mean that is like, they're two completely different animals. They are one, one of 'em is like walking through the mountains of the rifle for looking for caribou. And the other one is just like calling Uber Eats And I suspect that like, even the way they feel about the world is totally different. Right. So it's not just like the physi like the, obviously the physiological differences manifest in like mental differences about like the acuity of their mental architecture, how they feel about their environment and like what's happening to them. Yes. It's just totally different. How much, if any, do you pay attention to the U-F-O-U-A-P world? I have a very, I don't pay too much attention to it, to be quite honest.


I think for me it's not very exciting to be honest. I, I am much more interested in understanding fundamentally what life is And I think the UFO discussion really hasn't afforded me a deeper understanding of the problems I'm interested in solving. Hmm. So I don't, I don't pay too much attention to, I think it's much more interesting as a cultural discussion and like some of these things that we've also been talking about, about like augmented humans and all these other things, it's like there's a lot of discussions happening culturally that I think are preparing us for the next phase. And so I kind of see the UFO discussion as being one like, you know, we culturally need to understand how we wanna think about alien life, what it is, how we intersect with it.


And so there's, there needs to be a lot of discussions about the nature of that problem and people interested in believing in, in that problem. but I don't really see a lot intellectually for me personally coming out of that. There's Discussion. Yeah. There's, there's no meat Now It's just a lot of talk and Yeah. A lot of stories that some of them from very respected people that I, I believe them and their encounters are fascinating. But you could waste your whole life thinking about what that means and what it's true what's not. There's not enough data. There's very, very, very little data. Yeah. That's the problem. So I I I find it interesting, like, it's certainly intriguing and like, you know, to think about the possibilities, but it's sort of like, like mythology versus Yes.


And, and like individual knowledge versus shared knowledge. And I think what science, like, you know, you can, you can question the sort of academic establishment and the way that we do science and it's very dogmatic and all those things. And I can, I can agree with a lot of those criticisms, but science fundamentally is about shared knowledge and the ability to like have a joint conversation about something we both understand. And to be able to use that to do things like, you know, the laws of gravitation are things that we can easily state and we can build satellites and new technologies out of that knowledge. And I think, you know, the discussion on alien life is fundamentally about new knowledge that we need to have about how the universe works. And that's gonna come from a lot of different places. But for me, I don't see the UFO discussion fundamentally advancing that question.


It's just raising some of the mystery about, you know, certain experiences people have had, but not in a way that allows us to really answer the question of what is an alien. There's also a fundamental problem of accuracy of information and how much of this whistleblower stuff is nonsense. How much of it is true? How when you're relying on person A to discuss classified documents, there's A lot of control of narratives. Yes. Which I don't like a lot. So don don't like people telling people how to think. Yeah. And I think what I see in, in the UFO discussion a lot that that actually makes me stay out of that community is a lot of people that claim authority on knowledge and then they claim they can't share the knowledge.


Yeah. And, I don't like that. No. I think if you have knowledge, you should share it. You should discuss it. You should try to figure out what it means for everybody and you should not protect it. That's Why you're a scientist. Yes. Yes. That's what but I. Yeah. Yeah. That's people should be doing. Yes. Yeah. I don't, I don't, I don't trust people when they claim to have absolute knowledge they can't share with people. The only thing that gives me pause is the possibility that they're dealing with top secret programs. Yeah. That could get them in great trouble and would limit their access to this technology. Yeah. That gives me pause and it's the only thing that gives me pause. But It's such a good story though, right? It's the best story. I know, right? That's The problem is I'm a sucker. Yeah. I'm a giant sucker for that kind of story. Yeah. I love those stories.


Yeah. I think we all do. Yeah. I hear about those stories, I'm like, oh my god. Yeah. I love it. I want to hear all of them. Yeah. But yeah, but I think that's like a sort of also standard play that like, you know, if the government needs to keep knowledge a secret, suddenly it becomes more valuable. Right. So Don don't even necessarily think it's the government as much as I think it's the government and military contractors. Yes. So if you have some sort of technology that is literally outta this world right. You're trying to figure out how it works. Yeah. It's within your best interest to keep that as secret Yeah. As Possible. Right. And and Then this, well we see the cases of that in Arizona. It's like, you know, like they're testing, you know, whatever new technology for fighter jets or whatever and it's like a million UFO sightings and then it's like of at release later that it was, you know, the military.


Have You ever seen a military jet? like a, like a stealth bomber or some of those? No. When we were filming Fear Factor way back in the day, we were out near Edwards Air Force Base and one of those stealth bombers flew overhead. Yeah. And if I didn't know what it was, I would swear that was from another planet. Yeah. It looked so cool. Yeah, It looks so cool. And it does not look like anything else you've ever seen flying in the sky. Yeah. This is like, this is post nine 11, 2001. Right. So this is the very beginning of here fear factor and right after, oh that's so cool. Nine 11 and we were out there in the desert and you see this thing fly, it's, you know, Palmdale and you see this thing fly overhead and it's like, it looks like something Batman owns.


Yeah. Like it does. See if you can find one of those. Yeah. So you can find like a video of a stealth bomber flying overhead. But it was flew right past us. It was like, Whoa. I would love to see that Part of it was terrifying 'cause like, oh my God, I'm going to war. Like why am I seeing these alien warships? Yeah. I always, yeah. I always feel like that when I see military stuff. It's like it's, it's equal parts. Like amazing and profound and then like totally existentially traumatizing and stuff. Yes, Exactly. That's, it's cool. Yeah. But it's designed to kill people Really quick. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. It's Decide to sneak in Yeah. And mess people up and then get out there without anybody knowing you're there. Yeah. That's literally what it is. A stealth bomber. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. but I do find it exciting that so many people wanna talk about UFOs and are like really excited about the possibilities for aliens.


So find one news. Yeah. Find a good Video. The thing is like, my point is I mean was that Einstein's quote or sufficient technologies indistinguishable for magic. Yeah. I That might, was it Asimov? Maybe. Might have been Asimov. Yeah. Yeah. So here's one flying overhead. Look at this. Come on. Like if you saw this, you'd be like, oh my God, they're here. Yeah. Like if you saw that fly overhead, you'd go, oh my god, aliens are real. Yeah. Right. That's how I felt. It's kind of epic that the most alien thing on the planet is the human mind and like what it can create. Oh My god. The most epic. We're responsible for every single thing. Yeah. Every single thing. That's an object that didn't grow.


Right. We made it. Yeah. Nuts Blows my mind. Blows my mind. Yeah. And if I think about the possibility of something even more advanced than us coming here and manipulating us the same way we're willing to take a chance and creating artificial life in a laboratory. Yeah. If we're willing to do that, why would the, if they're so much more advanced than us that they think we're just these silly territorial age. So Why is it there always a narrative that they're so much more advanced? Like where does this come from? Because They got here, we can't get there. I see. but I but I, I don't think that like technological pro progress is linear. So they might, you know, they might have the technology to come and visit us, say, but not have other kinds of technology that we've advanced Perhaps.


But the idea that they have gone so far in one area that is so perplexing, which is deep space travel. Yeah. And vast distances of space and time and that they've conquered that. So the closest planets that we think we have goldilock zones are how far away, how many light years away. I mean the closest planetary system is probably, you know, about four light years away That has planets recognize goldilock zone. Like what's, There's planets there. It's very debatable about like whether it's a trap is system like whether those planets are actually habitable or not. Because we don't know if they have atmospheres and there's, there's all kinds of debate in the community, but like potentially.


Yeah. So let's take the closest planetary system. So four, four light years. Yeah. Okay. Is that, yeah. So imagine something coming here every four years 'cause it takes that long. you know, I mean literally. Well that's something that can travel at light speed, which is a big if. Yeah. Or assuming they can do something. Well we're, we're also assuming that speed is, you're taking an object and you're moving that object through some method of propulsion to a new place instead of moving the space around it. Yeah. Folding that and having it instantaneously travel from one point to point, which is the way the real super egg heads describe Yeah. The potential future. Yeah. Like long Distance space travel based on Yeah.


Based on sort of extensions of current theories of gravity, but Right. Yeah. And you know, obviously extrapolating greatly our ability to generate power. Yeah. Right. But if they did figure out a way to get here, they would probably be so unimpressed with us. Especially if they caught us a few hundred years ago, you know, and we're basically like making stupid houses and burning coal and riding horses And making mechanical Clocks. That's true. Right. That was quite a while ago. Yeah, that's true. That was, was that ad or 7 25 ad? Is that what it was? Ad Yeah. So I mean, just the idea that we have come so far in such a short period of time. You would've just imagine that if that keeps going, it's gonna get to the point where everything expands exponentially and the ability to travel through space will be on the list.


Yes. So, and then you're gonna go, okay, what are they doing? Oh, they only have rocks. They only have sticks and rocks. They haven't figured out metallurgy yet. They haven't figured out. Right. But the, the challenge with these kind of like thought experiments is we're always applying today's standard and understanding to long-term futures. And if you imagine that we go through this process of, you know, creating the kind of technologies that you're describing, we will be so fundamentally different in the process. We'll be having a different discussion. Right. And we won't be able to reason about what that looks like based on the way that we think about things now. So I think this, this kind of, you know, I've never really been a fan of like these sort of, you know, survival of the fittest predator prey. Like the aliens are just gonna be so much more advanced than us and come and take over everything kind of narratives.


'cause it just doesn't seem to be, it's first off, it's not consistent with what we actually observe. 'cause we don't observe aliens yet. And second off, it doesn't seem consistent with the trajectory of what we're doing overall. Especially if you think about us, not individually, but like much more as just like a biosphere evolving into a technologic. like a technosphere. Yeah. I, I agree with you there. I think this predator prey thing sort of got sidelined the moment we created agriculture Yeah. In cities. It kind of, that kind of stopped and then it became a new thing. And as we advanced technologically becomes another new thing. Yeah. My concept, my thought is there's gonna be a moment in time the way we've integrated with each other digitally through cell phones and through social media and interaction online.


There will be another level of that that is exponentially more bizarre. Yes. That's probably gonna take place with like Neuralink and Yeah. Similar type technologies, right. That we're gonna integrate with each other and communicate telepathically and communicate with large groups of people. Telepathically, And, I. Think my, Isn't it amazing that things that were once myth become fact through technology? Yes. I think this is just absolutely amazing. Like how much our ancestors thought about these things that they called magic and like we're making, you know, like actual physical reality through technology. We had the gentleman who received the first neural implant, the neural implant here. Yeah. We, we talked to him about it, what it's like, and he, I I look at him like, this is, you are the future.


Yeah. Like what? We're probably all going to have something similar to that in our bodies. Right. And then eventually when I go, why do we have these fragile feet? Yeah. When you can have these immense deluxe carbon fiber feet, it allow you to run over hot coals and not feel a thing. Like, wouldn't you rather have those? They're better. You can control 'em better. Depends On what you wanna do. Right. Depends on what you do. But we are, we are very connected to our biological existence. But my thought is that our biological existence comes with all the baggage of all the human reward systems that have been put in place in order to ensure our survival. Yes. And this is what's led us to war. This is what's led us to violence. This is what's led us to all the, the terrible things.


Yes. The The we have a lot of baggage. Yes. And it continues that and that baggage I think is a byproduct of survival of the fittest mentality that came out of our biological life. Yes. As we integrate digitally, I think that might be one of the primary benefits is that we realize, oh, we can't kill each other. We're all one. Yeah. Like, we really are all one. Yes. And we are really are all connected. And instead of doing that, why don't we figure out a way to solve all this and work together. And if we are all one of the same mindset, this whole idea of stealing resources and covert operations Yeah. That's all gonna go away. Yeah. It just makes sense that that would be one of the things that would happen. We, we would stop doing all the dumb things that we do.


Yeah. And then as we joined together, we would say, well, we need to come up with solutions for our environmental issues. We need to come up with solutions for long-term strategies for dealing with all these different problems that we've created and then we could do it together. Yeah. And instead of like having this whole concept of territorial lines in the sand where you're not allowed to cross unless you have a passport or you know, you have to have paperwork in the, some sort of an integration with all human beings the way we have with cell phones, but way more Sophisticated. Yeah. I mean thi something I find really shocking is how difficult it is for humans to think of other humans as human. Right. Like, so we have like our sphere of friends or like people that we find socially acceptable and then like pretty much anybody outside of that space is like beyond our cognitive horizon and we just can't treat them as people anymore.


And. I, I find this very perplexing and you know, a about a bit of an issue in making the kind of transition that you're talking about. Sure. That we just can't even see each other as humans. Sure. I mean that's the the whole concept of the other, right? Yeah. They're different than us. They're different. Yeah. Like we're allowed to do this because they're those People. Exactly. And that permeates so much of modern society right now. Yeah. It's like hard to look at anybody and see them as a person. And, I think that's baked into us. First of all, because we all evolved in tribal groups of very small numbers of people, which is where Dunbar's number comes from. Right. We, we only have a certain amount of people that we can keep intimately connected to in our minds. That's, yeah. And our social networks are much larger than that now. So most of the people in our network, we can't actually humanize.


Well, it's even worse if you're famous. Exactly. Because you don't remember anybody's name. Yeah. Because I I meet so many people And then you have all kinds of people that have a pair of social relationship with you and like they bizarre think they know you bizarre and they don't know you. Yeah. Especially me because I do this right. Yeah. So I'm talking all the time. Yeah. It's Like I talk to you Every day. Yeah. It must be very weird. Fucking strange. But it's also, I feel like that sort of connection with people, this is what I'm, what anybody who's doing any sort of a podcast or something like that is kind of doing is like a one way version of what I think is going to exist universally. Yes. On the planet. Yes. I agree with that. I think actually the thing that I find really interesting about the podcasting space is this kind of like a very intimate conversation, but it's technologically mediated and shared.


Right. And, I, think that's exactly what you're talking about. Yes. So. like this transition phase and like why are podcasting becoming so popular? I think is because it's, it's part of this kind of transition that we're all undergoing. There's Also an unusual authenticity and having access to individual minds. Yes. Without influence of producers and directors and a bunch of different people So like this conversation in particular, like


this episode is brought to you by blinds.com. Do you know the right window treatments aren't just about privacy. They could actually save you some serious cash on your energy bills too. But is it really worth the hassle? It's a lot of waiting for some pushy salesperson to come to your house with an overpriced quote sucks. Right. Well say goodbye to all that nonsense because blinds.com has revolutionized the game. blinds.com lets you do a virtual consultation with their award-winning design experts. Whenever you have time, no pushy sales rep in your home, just hop online and blinds.com will send free samples right to your door. How cool is that? Whether you're a do it yourself beast or you prefer professional installation blinds.com has you covered. And guess what? You can get your entire house done for one low price, no hidden fees, no showroom markups. What you see is what you pay. Now, I get it. Ordering online can be sketchy, but not with blinds.com. They've covered more than 25 million windows and they've got a 100% satisfaction guarantee. blinds.com is hooking up my listeners, with an exclusive $50 off. When you spend $500 or more, just use the code rogan@checkoutatblinds.com. Go to blinds.com and use the promo code Rogan Limited Time offer rules and restrictions apply. See blinds.com for details.


There was, I had zero conversations with any person before I got you on. Yeah. I had a text message that I sent, sent to my friend who's the, the booking guy. I said, Hey, reach out to her. This sounds cool. See if she can do this date. And that's it. Yeah. And then it goes on my phone and that's it. Yeah. And then so I start watching some of the conversations you've had. Yeah. I watched your thing on Lex. I start looking into this, these concepts and assembly theory and all these different things. And so my brain, yeah. So it's all it is is something I'm interested in. Yeah. There's no other reason to have this conversation other than I'm interested in it. Yep. And so that I think resonates with other people because I love when someone's interested in something. If they're interested in making baseballs by hand Yeah.


Or Whatever. It's, I wish I'll be more excited about things. Like things are exciting, especially creative spaces. Yes. And like new ideas and people that are thinking about like changing things. The But for me it's someone who's passionate about something. Yeah. There's for sure. I totally get what you mean about the baseballs. Yeah. Anything I mean. This is why I like the watch discussion. 'cause it's very clearly like drawn from enthusiasm and somebody like designed that thing. That's crazy. Oh yeah. And. I am by the way, I am a Luddite when it comes to watches. There are watch nerds. Yeah. Like serious watch nerds that can tell you like all the models and what the, this movement has of that movement in it and this and that. And like, they know all the pieces crazy. Some of them take them apart and put 'em back together again on their own. They got these giant goggles and sit and their little tweezers and shit.


It's crazy. Yeah. I mean, but I love when people are really excited about things. Yeah. Whether it's about playing the guitar or making a painting. Yeah. Like something about that to me is infectious. Yeah. And it makes me excited about other things. Yeah. if I see someone who's really excited about making furniture, I start getting excited about what I do. Yeah. It's like there's something about that energy. Yeah. Passion is infectious. Yes. Yeah. Yes. And, I think like enabling people to find their own passion is really important. Very much so. Yeah. Yeah. And when you do what, like what we're doing on this podcast and have conversations about things that are just interesting. Yeah. you know, that's all it is. It's just interesting. Right. Interesting is good. It's far better than the opposite. Yes.


It's just fascinating. Yeah. And so that stimulates minds. It stimulates people. Like there's people at home that are listening. Like, I want, I have a question. Like what? Yeah. What is, how did this happen? How did that happen? What, what would've happened if it was a little bit colder? What would've happened if it was a little bit warmer? What would've happened if there was no this or though that? Or like a imagine a world where no one figures out the wheel. Yeah. Yeah. I Mean, I think about alternate histories all the time. Well, the bizarre thing is They do not think the Egyptians had the wheel. Yeah. Like what are you talking about? How is that even possible? Yeah. Like, and so no theory there, that's like the massive mystery of human civilization itself, just in the structures that were left behind with no explanation.


Yeah. That alone makes us go Well we have this bizarre idea in our head of how things progress based on our current understanding of the world we live in right now. Yeah. But that has no bearing on Egypt. Right? Yeah. Like what did They do? How'd They do that? Yeah. We don't know. I know history's a predictive science, which is like a weird thing, but like, people don't like think about this, but like, you know, you have to have theories of the past and then test it against the record. Right. Right. So it's not really any different than any other domain of knowledge where we're trying to make predictions and test them against current data. It's just like history. For some reason we think it actually happened. Therefore, like there's one narrative, but it's usually constructed based on what we know and we're learning all the time. Well, also the problem in, And we forget all the time, The collapse of that civilization.


Yeah. The burning of the library of Alexandria. Yeah. So tragic. So all the records lost. So they probably had written down how they did everything. Yeah. And some assholes came along and burnt everything. Yeah. And now we're like, what did you do? They were definitely assholes. That was such an amazing mess. I know. Holes, I like at the, when I first heard about the library, Alexandria And I was like, that was a heartbroken. Oh. I was like, can you even imagine what was lost? If we knew what they knew? The amount of advancement. Just Egypt, just that one part of Africa where they figured out how to do some things that to this day, 4,500 plus years later, we are perplexed. Yeah. Perplexed.


Like there's shitty theories. They all suck. Yeah. Every theory sucks. They've just, you know, they've just recently discovered some sort of hydraulic technology that was in one of the pyramids. Oh, really? Yeah. See, you can find that. That's crazy. There's a recent, some recent research that was published where one of it wasn't the, the fu pyramid, it was another pyramid. And in one of these other pyramids, they believe they have evidence of some sort of hydraulic technology that was used. Oh, that's so cool. Yeah. Study published mundane, A journal, PLOS one research has proposed that ancient people may have relied on water to build the step pyramid. The suspect hydro hydraulic system may have helped lift stones from the center of the pyramid.


Wow. So. like, we're still trying to figure out what they did. Yeah. So long before I got into science, like one of the first places I actually encountered astronomy was like reading about the Orion mystery when I was like in fifth grade, And I. Like, I was like got obsessed with it for a little while about like whether the chambers and the pyramids were actually aligned with the stars and stuff. And like, like how did they possibly do that? It was, it was kind of crazy. There's A guy named Christopher Dunn who's an engineer, and he has the wildest theory. He thinks that the construction of the pyramid, and this is by the way, both maligned by some archeologists completely dismissed, but also embraced by younger archeologists who Oh, interesting.


Aren't, aren't as, so this theory is that the way the great pyramid was set up was not set up as a tomb, but was set up as some sort of a, a way to generate electricity. Oh, whoa. And that there was, there was a, an a chamber of subterranean chamber, and that this chamber had something in it that was like pounding on the stone and creating a certain vibration. And then they had this, these shafts that they had access to that had, they, they know these shafts existed and they know the structure of these shafts and these shafts that existed in the marble or whatever, the stone granite rather. And they would fill these shafts up with some sort of chemicals.


And then at the end of the shaft was limestone. And so the limestone is porous. And the limestone allows the gases to escape from all these chemicals and contain itself inside this chamber. This chamber is constantly being vibrated. And then there are these pathways that lead up to what they're calling the king's chamber, which is this insane structure. It's one of the most perplexing things about the pyramid, because these are immense stones that are positioned I mean. There's a phenomenal piece of architecture. And then in those, they have shafts that go straight out into space Yeah. That he thinks is gathering gamma rays. And so the gamma rays are interacting with this hydrogen that's being created by these chemicals and the vibrations and that all these things are used to generate electricity.


And this is why there's a gold capstone on the top of the period. And smooth limestone the outside. It's a nutty theory, but this guy's A very, He's a brilliant Man. Yeah. No I mean I mean it's incredibly creative. And if it's testable and like there's ways to validate that that could work. That that would Be, well, the problem is you'd have to do it at scale and like, whatcha gonna build Into the pyramid? Well, you look for traces of like whatever chem chemistry's talking about on the pyramid walls. And like, it would be possible to experimentally verify whether gamma rays could do that. I don't suspect that they could, but, but like, there's pieces of it. Like, this is how science works. You have like a story of a set of hypotheses and you can test individual parts of it and then try to validate it. So it'd be kind of cool if, you know, like he wanted to try to do that or Right.


And so then the question is, how'd they figure that out? I don't know. Yeah. Imagine if they're, imagine if it turns out to be correct. And this was some sort of a way of generating power. Yeah. From, from the earth and space itself. How, how'd, how'd you figure that out? But also why? 'cause where would they put the power? They didn't have any electric grids or anywhere to like put It. Not that we know of. Right. Yeah. The problem is, it, it all gets to this weirdness of like, how, how much evidence would be left from 10,000 years ago? How much evidence would be left from 20,000 years ago? Yeah. How long did it take people to figure that out? Yeah. Was it two or 3000 years? Like what, how much tinkering? Yeah. And yeah, like what was it I mean?


There's all kinds of interesting questions you can ask about that kind of stuff, even in like deep time. So, you know, my, one of my colleagues, Adam Frank, had this paper on like the Solarian hypothesis, which is like the idea that there was like intelligent beings around the time of dinosaurs, like a dinosaur race. And like, how would you actually look in the geological record for it? Right. And So like, people can work out the mathematics of like, you know, what would be the traces of these? you know, like if, if the Egyptians had this capability or if, you know, there were intelligent species that emerge on the planet long before humans and had enough technology say to like, have radioactive waste or anything. Like, you can, you can actually like bound, you know, like, what would we actually see in the record? Hmm. So it is possible still to constrain this stuff.


Even even the most radical hypotheses, So, like I, I've been raised in a tradition scientifically of like entertaining any idea as long as it's something that we can actually test and measure. Right. And so I guess for me, I think, I think, you know, some of the, the most creative ideas in science are things that people completely didn't expect. And like what, well, I I mean, I think, I think Einstein's a great example. you know, like he was one of the few people that took seriously that the speed of light, you know, is constant. Like, we take that for granted now, but everybody thought that was kind of ridiculous and the experiments must be wrong because there's no way that the speed of light could be constant. And he was like, no, the laws of nature are in variant.


And this in variance also implies that the speed of light could be invariant 'cause it's a law of nature. And then he was able to derive relativity from that. And that has all kinds of, you know, radical consequences about the way that we think about space and time. And, you know, the fact that time is, you know, like it's actually a relative concept at least simultaneously. 80 is a relative concept. I I think there's many concepts of time in physics. But, but yeah. So I, I think that's one. But like quantum mechanics is another, like, if you actually look at the observational evidence and you try to build a theory from the observational evidence, you get to like really interesting spaces that are completely different than what you thought. And so it's easy to have theories and creative ideas.


It's actually harder to go from the observational constraints and work into a theory that's consistent with all of those. Hmm. And that's actually where most of our mo more radical conceptions and foundational shifts come from. And so that's why I am actually particularly excited about what we're doing with assembly theory as an example. Because like what we're trying to do there is say if life is actually a real property of the physical world, like whatever we call life, it'll have to be redefined, then we should be able to have a measurable consequence. And the way we talk about that is actually to measure this complexity of molecules, assembly of molecules, which you can go in the lab and measure with standard instrumentation like a mass spec and an NMR and infrared.


Like you can measure this property of a molecule. It's a real physical feature. And then you can derive all kinds of weird shit from that. Hmm. And I think this has been the tradition of physics in general, but science also more broadly that, you know, the reason that we get so convinced about things and they work is because we're working backward from what we observe and measure. Right. And then we test it against what we can observe and measure. And the, the things that happen with reality are far stranger than the things that we could dream up. Which is why I love it. It's, it's just crazy. Like the kind of ideas you get outta that process. Well, just the process that allows you And I to be staring at each other. Yes. Yeah. First of all the fact that we could see each other is Crazy. Yes. Yes. Right. That's pretty nuts. Evolution of eyes is amazing. Nuts.


Nuts. Totally Nuts. Nuts. And then also oc occupy have them too. They just evolved on a completely different branch of the evolutionary tree. Totally crazy. But they all evolved eyes. Yeah. Like, it seems like a property that almost every animal has. Yeah. Seeing is pretty deep. I mean, I think, I don't know when the first photon receptors evolved in cells, but you know, even cells have light sensing capability. So I mean that's how photosynthesis evolved also. But Yeah. But it's crazy So like the idea of, you know, like when life first emerged on the planet, nothing could see, but it evolved later and it is something that is fairly consistent. And even if you think about our technology, so I, I always think about the progression of biology into technology. It is fascinating also that a lot of our technologies that allow us to understand the world are technologies of site, like telescopes and microscopes and you know, like we think we knew life on this planet and then we invented the microscope and it's like, you know, just, you don't need that much more resolution and you can suddenly see that this table is completely covered in cells, for example.


Yeah. That we didn't know were there. Right. Which is just mind blowing. It's like mind blowing, mind blowing. It's like we evolve from cells billions of years ago. It took us billions of years to build the, like, to evolve into an intelligence that could build the technology and then look and be like, oh, biology's made outta cells. And then if you think you understand any of it, the people that understand subatomic particles are like, hold my beer. Yeah. Because this whole thing's empty space. Yeah. And it's all operating in some bizarre quantum state. Yeah. Where it's like both still and moving at the same time. Yeah. And like Those wave functions. Yeah. What I know, like what is, what is everything, all everything's weird. Every single Thing. This is what got me into it though. Like that that feeling is just like, I love that feeling.


Yeah. I love not understanding and thinking like we live in a really trippy reality and the fact that our minds are capable of understanding any of it, to me is pretty profound. I Feel like we're just emerging from it the same way The, the ability to to see things was this emerging technology, this emerging ability that probably changed everything. Right. The ability to actually like, recognize distances Yeah. And and to, to see objects and recognize them. Yes. And that is this emergent phenomenon that we sort of take for granted because we have, but there could be other things like that, that have not emerged yet. Yes. That and this is so Much Psychic Yeah.


Phenomenon, right. Is one of the things that I connect with that I don't believe in psychics. like a person could read your tarot cards, but I do think there's some weirdness involved in human beings that you can't put on a scale. I think some people are really good at reading patterns in their environment. And, I think there's that too. And I. But there's also like phone rings and it was a person you were talking about that you haven't talked to in forever. Yeah. And all of a sudden they feel you and they call you. There's something trippy to that, that maybe not every time, not maybe repeatable, but occasionally you catch it occasionally, there's this connection that seems to emerge. And, I always wonder if that's an emergent form of a new ability that human beings will eventually possess.


Yeah. I I have lots of thoughts, but I think the first one is, is I think we, we forget often that we are all connected by a common history. And so a lot of the features about like, why is it that we can be sitting here having this conversation, you know, obviously we both have to speak the same language, but we also have to emerge from the same evolutionary architecture, have the same kinds of sensory apparatus to like, to be able to communicate with each other implies shared history. And so, you know, like I think about life as these kind of, you know, like these structures that are emerging over time and generating novel, you know, things. But like the, the whole temporal relation, this idea of like objects being in time means that they're connected through time.


So, you know, like if you assume a living object actually has a time in size, it means that like every living object in this planet is not really a distinct object. They're all part of that same structure and time. And I think this is really necessary for interpreting some of the things that you're talking about because there's so much in our environment that is a part of that shared history that we're picking up on all the time. That like, we don't even recognize that is like cues for like us to, to really, you know, like, and we, and we miss it because we, we don't even recognize the history in our environment. And, and so we think things are just happening, you know, spontaneously and like there's some magic behind it where really all it is, is contingency and causation.


but I think the other thing that is interesting about what you're saying, which we already touched on a little bit, is, you know, these, these kind of stories that, you know, like there's ancient myths. Like I, you know, I'm a huge Joseph Campbell fan and like thinking about like, the history of mythology, but like, you know, we've had these myths for like, you know, most of human history and there's been a lot of recurring motifs in them about, you know, telepathy, psychics, miracles, you know, all of these stories. And it's super interesting to see how some of them are becoming, you know, like embodied through our technology. Like, like the things that we imagine like are, we are making real, and that's the part that's interesting to me and that's much more physical.


Hmm. Yeah. The things we're imagining were making real, yeah. Yeah. So it's not impossible that people that are psychic, quote unquote could exist. but I think what will happen is the stories that we're telling become embodied in, in the observations that we're making and the things that we're actually like implementing in the world. But like, I don't know that historically I would say like, like I don't believe in magic. I think magic is, or I do believe in mystery, but I I think what I, yeah. So when I say don't believe in magic, it's not that I don't believe that people have personal knowledge or things, but I think what's more important is like when those things become shareable, they actually become things that we can use collectively.


And I'm much more interested in that kind of knowledge. Hmm. So I, it's not that I, I I don't value mysticism or, or the kind of personal narratives that people have about experiences. I think those are incredibly valuable. And I think that we need those stories in our culture. It's just, for me, I'm much more interested in like, when do we become, make those kinds of things regular, like reg regularized in the way that like, we understand them as like really fundamental properties and we can use them and like we can share that information. That's what I I like about science because it's like, it's like shareable deep thoughts Yes. That are universally usable. Yes, yes. Yeah.


Universally usable is a great way to put it. I've often entertained the idea of, you know, I'm sure you are aware of the concept of the muse, right? Maybe, but it probably explain it anyway just because it's helpful. One of the best representations of this, a gentleman named Steven Pressfield is a great author. He wrote a Legend of Bagger Vance and a bunch of other great movies. And he wrote this book called The War of Art. And the, the, the, the book is essentially like a guidebook for creative types to avoid procrastination, resistance and to develop a structure that allows you to sit down in your desk at a very specific time every day and summon the muse. Ah. And this idea has persisted throughout time that ideas I mean.


I'm sure you've had ideas that have come to you. Like where does that even come from? Like Yes. What is that? I think everyone has, I love creativity for that reason. 'cause it's so mysterious even to the person having the creative act. Yes. Yes. It's, it's, which Is just crazy. Yeah. I al almost always think of my best ideas as not even really mine, but like a gift. Yes. And so this is I do too. This is the concept of the muse. That the muse, you summon the muse, you treat the muse with respect. Yeah. You, you literally communicate with the muse. You put this intention out there, and if you do this every day, she will reward you. Yeah. And she'll consistently bring you ideas. And if you are a person who can develop that kind of discipline to sit there and do that, you'll, you'll become productive through the muse.


And so is the Muse like a placeholder for your like unconscious could be brain. Yeah, certainly. But if you treat it like it's a real thing, it behaves like a real Thing. No, no, no. I mean, I think the unconscious is a real thing. I, the reason I'm bringing it up is like so many people are really interested in consciousness and then, you know, like really fo focused on that. But part of the reason that, you know, like where creativity comes from and like part of this idea of using intuition to guide how you think about the world, I think is like there's so much happening in your brain that you're just not even consciously aware of. Right. And I think a lot of the information processing architecture and like, where like all I I, I've kind of resigned myself to like, almost all of my thinking is my unconscious brain, And, I should just like leave it there. And if I get an idea merging out of it, it seems like it came from nowhere.


But it's just, it's, I'm just not consciously aware of all the processing in my brain. I also wonder if the term consciousness is connected far too much to language. Yes. 'cause Right. We Think, I think it, yes. We think of things that we can describe with language and processes that we examine with language, words that we attributed to specific objects and specific tasks and things that we do. And then there's this other thing that's going on. Maybe you feel bad that day. Yeah. Maybe you feel lonely, maybe you feel this, like these, these sort of subconscious things are very conscious. Yeah. They're, they're conscious, but they just, they're not attached to language. Right. you know, and so when we're interacting with people on a conscious level, we're communicating constantly through words.


So we have sounds that we make and we, these represent things and we all understand them. And so we use this as a, a way to express this thing that's going on with this thought process. This the consciousness. Yeah. That it's, we are attaching it to language. Yeah. No, I think most of us do because I think a lot of us, you know, construct words or visuals in our brains. But it's super interesting when you have people that don't do that. Like, like Lee Cronin that I work with a lot and you know, he's the, the person I originated assembly theory is chemist. Like he doesn't have any visuals in his brain or like language in his brain. And it's super interesting talking to him 'cause he's like completely utterly brilliant. but I think like his mental architecture is really different. And I love working on deep foundational questions.


Because I think when you talk about these deep ideas and you talk, and maybe this is also why people like psychedelics. 'cause if you're not, if you're not like trained at the sort of frontier of like intellectual debate, you know, like where do you have these kind of experiences. But the kind of I'm talking about is like, you have really thought about how reality works and like you have an architecture in your mind about what you think is fundamental about the nature of reality. 'cause you're asking this particular scientific question, And, I think some of my best discussions with some of my colleagues have been, you know, those kind of discussions. And you really realize how people's brains are so different. Very, very different. So Different. Well, what is the estimation there? There's some percentage of us that do not have an inner voice.


Yeah. I think it's like 4%. but I don't know. I think it's Higher than that is. I Think it's quite a bit higher. I thought it was like, I think it's In the twenties. Oh, it's Higher than That. What's that? It's higher Than that. I just made up a number. It's up to 60%. but I, I, I've tried to look into this many times. don don't understand anything. Well, I think it's hard to report though because people don't even know, they don't have an inner voice and like, and or people don't know They do have an inner voice. Right. Because you don't know what it's like to be in someone else's minds too. Everybody just thinks their mind is normal. Right? Right. So if you talk to a schizophrenic, you're like, what? What's going on in there? Yeah. Like what is that? Like? What's that misfiring? Yeah. Well this is one of the things I'm really excited about. Like these, these neural enhancement technologies. 'cause I think, I think we really underestimate the diversity of human minds.


Like it might be the most diverse things on this planet. Or actually just like what's going on in our heads. Most certainly I mean. I know so many different unique people. I'm so lucky that I've met so many unique people from talking on this podcast. Yeah. And then just through walks of life all the, I know so many people who think so differently. Yeah. And I know great athletes and great scientists and great comedians and great musicians. And they're all different. Yeah. They think different. They just have a different, like some people will look at a problem and go, why is that? What about this thing? When isn't that? And then I'm like, how the fuck did you even see that? Like what, why did you look at it that way? Everyone has I mean it's based on your life experiences, your genetics.


But it's, there's also, I think everyone's interface is different. Yeah. I think I, I don't know even what you see. Yeah. I assume. I know that it looks, this blows my mind. I think about this all the time. I'm like, I have no idea what it looks like to anybody else who work out of the world. Right. Well it makes sense to me that it has to be different. Yeah. 'cause if it wasn't different, why would you like things I don't like everybody would like the same thing. Yeah. Like the way the things look. That's true. Yeah. Or food tastes. Yeah. Like I have chi, I have two children that have totally different ability to absorb hot, spicy food. Oh yeah. My kids are like that too. So my youngest is like me. Yeah. My youngest I mean. She might have a better version of it than me. Like, that kid can eat anything.


Yeah. She ghost peppers. Like she likes it hot. Oh my god. And she loves like really? Those Are really hot From time when she was a little kid. Like Reapers, like I get this, there's this hot sauce called S Lechuga. It's really good stuff. It's organic and like really strong hot. Like if you like it really spicy. And I told her. I'm like, this is pretty spicy. The kid dips her finger in. It sucks on it. She's like, it's not that spicy. I'm like, it's pretty damn spicy. Like, you freak, what the hell's wrong with you? You. Wow. Wow. It's Kind of incredible. Yeah. And then the other one, like a little bit of a jalapeno and she's hiccuping and coughing. Like she can't take it at all. Yeah. It's bizarre. Yeah. Because they both came from the same parents.


Right. Yeah. But, but so obviously things taste different to them. Yeah. Totally different. So whatever that is. Yeah. Where like some people love the taste of hot dogs. Some people think they're disgusting. Yeah. And you know, and they like whatever broccoli. Yeah. Whatever it is. Like why? Yeah. What is it? What are you experiencing when you're eating this? don? Don't know. What are you experiencing when you're seeing it? I'm just guessing that you are seeing what I see. Yeah. It's a total guess. Yeah. And it's probably a bad guess as you're pointing out, right? Probably. Yeah. I mean it has to have some, there has to be a bunch of other factors that we're not taking into consideration that are going on internally. Yeah. That are allowing this person to process this in a pleasing or an unpleasing manner.


Yeah. Like what is going like, and then the actual structure of the eye. Right. We know some people's eyes aren't that good. Like why is that? Yeah. Like what's going on in there? Like it's, it stops working so good. And so you see things blurry and like our Colorblind is also interesting. Crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Totally Crazy. Like If the world could all be colorblind Yeah. We'd be lost. The idea that we're in this spectrum of how light interacts with objects and this incredible variety of different shades of things. Yeah. And like people that have a major shift in that. Like I read this Oliver Sacks story once about this person got hit in the head and then they could only see the world in black and white. Wow. And like how existential that experience was transitioning. 'cause like that's really depressing.


Like you see a world of color, then everything's black and white. It's like you're living in a movie or something. But like the story was about how they were an artist and like, they came to understand the world quite differently. And you can see a lot more shadow and light And I. Like you start paying attention to different detail. But I mean, it's just mind blowing that that can happen. Mind blowing. It's like blowing. It's like the same brain. Yeah. Same brain. And, I Have to completely readjust your experience of reality because now you see the world differently. I have a friend who got a concussion. He lost a sense of smell. Oh really? Yeah. For years. That's probably pretty traumatic. Well, a lot of people got it during covid as well, right? Yeah, That's right. But he yeah, he got it through a concussion. Yeah. Like way back like at least 15 years ago. Yeah. And lost a sense of smell. Yeah. That's crazy. I, yeah.


I like to, you know, when I started thinking about how people think differently, I was like, I think I was listening to a podcast running one day and it's like, you know, like imagine an apple and now taste the apple And. I was like, I, I can imagine an apple. I can see an apple. My brain And I can bite in the apple, but I cannot taste it. Right. I cannot imagine tasting food. Mm. And and this was really perplexing to me because like, I never thought about the fact that like, inside my head, I don't have taste. I only have taste when I'm eating food. I can definitely taste things. But it, but it just, it's like, you know, like it's a like a weird thing about my brain, but like, don don't know how common that is. but I think like, everybody has things like that. And if they, if like we just do, you know, experiments with our own minds. It's kind of interesting to probe the boundary of like, things you take for granted that you think you can do or you can visualize and you just can't, it's just not in your head.


Well, the sense of smell we take for granted. Yeah. We, 'cause everybody has it. And obviously there's an evolutionary advantage in terms of food being rotten. Right. There's a bunch of different factors, gases that are poisonous, but it's invisible. Yeah. And we, Do you know, if your friend could still imagine smell? Or did they lose the ability to even like, recall what smells were like? I Haven't talked to him in years. I'd have to reach out. don don't even know if he got a smell back. Yeah. I just became, he, A guy used to fight in the UFC. Oh, I see. And he got knocked out once and lost his sense of smell. Wow. Crazy. Crazy. Not Good. It's really crazy. Yeah. No, that's not good. Not Good. Not good. But, but the idea is that sense of smell. We all just take for granted. We have it. We, oh my God. You smell that apple pie. Oh, it's coming.


It's coming. Woo. Is this so exciting? you know, you smell it, you walk in the house, someone's cooking bacon. Yeah. That we take that for granted. But that is an invisible thing. And who knows how many other things there are like that, that we don't have, like we, we don't have the ability to detect neutrinos. you know, imagine if we could feel all the neutrinos passing through us at any given moment. I'm Like trying to visualize it as you're saying that. I'm like, there's just like Thousands of s right. I mean they're literally going through the entire earth. Yeah. They're flying through the earth right now. Right. But we don't have the ability to detect that. But why not? Right. I mean that's a thing that's real that we don't have the, the tools for. Yeah.


But we do have the tools for smells. So we have the tools to detect gases, but we don't have the tools to detect other things that we know are real. Right. Well, our sensory perception only like that evolved biologically only took us so far. But like obviously like we're sitting here talking about neutrinos because we have built technologies that can detect their existence. Right. And validate that they're there. And then we have theories that would be consistent with what you're just saying. Yeah. So the, the ways that we see the world, I guess my point is, is are not just the biological ones, but they're becoming enhanced by technology in all sorts of ways. And theories and explanations are part of that technological infrastructure. Yes. Which is why we can talk about that. Our gravitational waves, for example, is another one Yes. Going through us right now too.


Right. We can't detect them. Yeah. We, we can feel the effects of gravity itself. Yeah. you know, but we also know that that's entirely based on mass. Right. So we also know that the gravity, like the more weight you have on you, the, the harder it is for you to get around. 'cause you're being pulled. Yeah, that's right. Which is bizarre. Yeah. And you can use that to your advantage by rucking. you know, you can get in better shape by putting a heavy backpack on it going up a hill. Bizarre. Yeah. So you change your physical structure by adding weight. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I mean that's what weightlifting is too, right? Yeah. You're changing your physical structure and your ability to move through space and time by resisting constantly. So developing these biological tools to get past gravity.


Well I think, I think it's amazing how much of like the physical world you can get a sense of by simple things like that. Yeah. Like we really do live in a physical reality. Like, I know some people wanna think we live in a simulation, but like there's a real physical world. And I think we only kind of misconceive of it as a simulation because like so much of our environment now is architected by human minds that it seems not real. But it is real. So you don't subscribe to the possibility of simulation theater. No. I I find it inadequate for a number of rea it like it do, it doesn't seem like it's a better explanation than any other current explanation for how the universe works. So, you know, I put the simulation argument, intelligent design and even sort of the current laws of physics on kind of equal footing as far as their ability to explain why the universe exists the way it does.


Because what all three theories do is they basically push explanation to the boundary. And in physics we do that by saying there was an initial state of the universe that was low entropy. And the laws of physics have described what it's done ever since. But you can't explain where the universe came from. And in this, you know, in intelligent design, it's like you can't, you know, the universe is, you know, designed by some being, but like where did that thing come from? Right. And in the simulation argument, it's just the great programmer in the sky made us and And I think, you know, the nuance there is like, if any entities like us could evolve that could build simulations, then it's far more likely that we live in a simulation. but I think you still have to assume a physical reality that evolves the capability of building simulations.


Yes. So it seems all very circular to me. Yes. Yeah. I completely agree. And non completely explanatory. Yeah. I just, I don't understand why people are so confident in stating that, like Elon said, the chances of it not being a simulation are in the billions. Yeah. It's Like one in billions that we are not in a simulation, but he's also crazy. Well, I think it's easy to throw numbers out there though, like Right. And not have them be founded in anything. Right. And There has to have been a thing Yeah. Before the simulation existed. Yeah. In order for that thing to create the simulation. Well, for the simulation to emerge. It's super interesting also to me that a lot of the people that are proponents of the simulation argument tend to be in like the tech world. And So like, I think it's in their favor to think that like, you know, like, it's great to think that computers are like gods and like, you know, like, and to build this kind of mysticism around these technologies.


But like, if you really want an explanation for what simulations are, there has to be a continuity between the physical world and the simulation. Mm. And they, like, you have to be able to explain how it is that computation emerged on a planet and simulations became possible on our planet. Mm. And like they, they emerged out of something. Right. So I think I'm much more interested in like, what is the, what is the unification of the virtual and the physical and like, how can you think about them as, as similar kinds of systems than to just say the universe is a simulation, therefore I solved Tell why the universe exists. Right. Right. It doesn't get you anywhere. It doesn't. And also, well, I I always think about the universe itself. We always wanna look at a birth of a universe and the end of the universe.


And. I always say, I wonder if we do that because of our own biological limitations. If we think that a thing had to emerge because we emerged. Like, but why does it have to have emerged? Yeah. If it exists. Right. Why didn't it always exist? And Yeah. But then it, that's a huge problem. Like out of what Yeah. You can't have everything exist forever. Right. Is part of the problem. So, but what could possibly exist, right. To make everything exist. Yeah. Which is the other one. Yeah. The prime mover. Well, not only that, but the craziest theory of all is the primary theory of the creation of the universe itself. Yeah. Which is the Big bang theory. Yeah. Which is the absolute nuttiest theory that's ever exists with it. I I, yeah. Everything that exists came out of something so small.


Yeah. It was smaller than the head of a pin. Yeah. And then in one massive moment Yeah. It creates the universe itself. Yeah. And with that's one that universally is agreed Upon. I know. Yeah. I know. I agree. And it seems to be a signature of it so you can study it. Yeah. There's no problem with crazy ideas by the way. I love crazy ideas. I think they're the Craziest. Yeah. But that's the craziest, right? Yeah. Yeah. But, but even going back to the simulation I like, but yeah, the big bang is, is I mean, but I think, you know, when you're trying to understand how reality works, it should surprise you. Yes. And it should have counterintuitive properties. I mean, I think that's how we really know we're learning things. So And I don't, and I'm also of the perspective that I think any theory can be replaced by a better one. Any explanation is not an ultimate explanation.


Right. So we're constantly learning more and we're constantly refining our ideas. So Is that a problem in science in that when people have espoused a very particular idea of how the world works, they have a hard time backing off of that And I think if they taught Lectures collectively? Yes. I think scientists have a hard time doing that. And so I, you know, I confront this a lot in my work because the kind of ideas we're proposing are new and they, they say very different things than, you know, sort of the standard canon would say. Or like, we, we make, you know, like we're seeing structure that isn't part of the way that people talk scientifically about the nature of life or like it's fundamental properties.


And what I see is a lot of resistance to new ideas because people think things are already explained. And so this is really funny for me, the origin of life. It's like, like, it's like we already have an evolutionary theory, like the origin of life is solved. And it's like, have you been to a, a meeting on the origin of life? It's like that problem is not solved. I'm sorry. But so many people think it's, they just think like it's easy. It's been done. You'll get like really prominent, you know, physicists tubing. Like, oh, you get the first replicator on on a planet and then you get life. And the real hard problems are like, you know, the long-term future, the universe and things And I think, I think we're just, we're reasoning based on assuming absolute knowledge sometimes when we don't have absolute knowledge.


Do you think that some of that, some of that sort of trying to define things in a definite way that we do know it, we understand it, is in response to some religious ideas about the creation of life and that they propose that these scientific riddles have been solved. Because if you leave them open, that kind of opens the door to the possibility of a creator or of intelligent design. And they want, they, they want to kind of rush to say, no, we figured it out. That's what I've been told by like I mean. 'cause we have a lot of, you know, there have been a lot of reactions to the work that we've been doing both positive and like, you know, interacting with people's dogmas in certain ways. So they're like very reactionary.


And then some people that are much more thoughtful and critical. And then some people that are very, not thoughtful, but very critical. And so you get like the whole spectrum, And, I guess if you do any kind of hype profile science, you're gonna get everything thrown at you. And part of the reason that I want the ideas out there is because I want that critical feedback. So that's fine if it's, you know, intelligent feedback, that's amazing. but I think, the thing that I've noticed is, is that the way that different communities interact with the ideas are totally different. So it's like, you know, the evolutionary biologists, you know, where some of them, not all of them, you can't make blatant statements about any group, you know, really don't understand what we're trying to do. And then, but the creationists don't either and they don't want it either. So it's like you're in this weird space and they're dueling with each other because they think they have totally different explanations for things.


So, but yeah, I, I I what I have been told that that field is particularly protective of its ideas because it's had to battle with intelligent design for so many decades and really stand its ground. And origin of life is like a really separate community from biology writ large. I mean, I was even told early in my career when I was a postdoc by a very prominent biologist that I shouldn't work on origins of life. And, I wanna understand what life is, I should just pick a standard biology problem. And I thought to myself like, the one problem you wanna pick is the one everyone can't answer because that's where you have the most progress. Right. you know, like, yeah. Yeah. So, so it's just very funny to me that it, it's often it's swept under the rug as solved or too hard to solve both simultaneously at the same time.


It sounds insane to me that someone would tell you not to look into the origin of life. Yeah. Because the idea that we have figured everything out about even if we understand the processes involved, right. How often does this take place in the universe? Yeah. Like how, what, what is this, what is, is there, are there other ways to do it? Yeah. Is it like, it's Fascinating. I mean we don't have an idea what an alien is. Right? Right. Like the I mean just that should slap you in the face. Like the multitude of ways we talk about alien. We don't even, like, we don't know what we mean when we say that I, it brings me back to this concept of the muse. So my thought, I had this bizarre thought once that ideas are life forms. Oh sure. I totally agree with that. Really? Yeah. So my thought is every physical object that human beings have ever created came out of an idea.


Yes. So idea gets into primate brain. Primate brain goes, oh, I think I can make a canoe. Yeah. And then primate brain figures out a way to hollow out a tree and turn it into a canoe. And then primate brain says, you know what, when I let go of this stick, if I pull it back, it goes forward. Right? Yeah. if I let go of it and it springs, what if I could tie a string? And what if I could pull it further? And what if I can get a stick? I think I can get that. Stick the fly and then it becomes a bow and arrow. Yeah. And so the human mind interacts with these ideas. The ideas manifest themselves in physical objects. Yes. And every physical object including airplanes, spaceships.


Yep. Space stations, satellites, all of them come from Ideas. One ideas. I Know. And then these ideas, much like human beings interact with other human beings. These ideas interact with other ideas and they create more and more complex versions, then you get quantum computing. Yeah. It's not like one person's idea. No, no. These are things that happen over centuries. Yeah. Yes, yes. No, I totally agree with this. I actually make similar arguments in my book about rockets as a good example of this. Right. Like they were imagined long before they became actual physical objects. The Chinese Chinese invention by The way. Yeah. That Chinese were onda lots of stuff. Everything. Everything. Paper, alcohol. Yeah. Everything. Mechanical clock, everything. Yeah. Yeah. So I think, yeah, I think this gets to the idea of like living objects being deep in time because you like, and this And I also think a lot about the nature of like abstract things versus physical things.


So I think everything is physical and when we think of ideas as being abstract, it's just because, you know, like they're not physical objects yet in the same way that we see these kind of physical objects, But they come to our mind in some weird way that doesn't seem like you look if I dig a hole. Yeah, I know. I dug that hole. Yeah, right. I know. I stuck that shovel. I exerted effort. I've put force. Yeah. I lifted the dirt out, I made the hole. So if someone says, where'd that hole come from? I'm go, oh, I dug the hole. Yeah. Simple. But if someone says, where'd you get the idea for a joke? I'll go, oh, I don't know. It came to me one day. Yeah. I was just laughing with my friends and a thought popped in. It wasn't a calculated thing where I worked on it forever and ever.


It's just, it got entered into my mind outta nowhere and then it came out my mouth and everybody laughed and I'm not sure where it came from. Yeah, that's weird. It's totally weird. It's weird. Now imagine that someone figuring out an airplane like some Wilbur Norville rider. Well people Did, but, but you're right, it's also distributed over many human minds. Right? So it's not like a single mind architecture. It's like the interaction of many minds and the physical world that generates these things. but I think, but that Force of whatever the idea is, What is Yeah, I think it's time. It's time time. Yes. Literally. Yeah. So in assembly theory, we think time is fundamental, but you might think of doubt time is in terms of causation and things like you that are, you know, take billions of years to, for the universe to generate, have a lot of time embedded in you.


And time is actually the creative mechanism that's expanding the space of possibilities and maybe the universe itself. But, but that, that's how I think about it. So you, you actually have an incredible amount of time in a small volume of space. That's what you are as an evolved object. At least that's sort of the current, my current thinking with this theory that we're developing and how we're trying to test the transition to life. And so where are those things coming from? They're coming from the fact that you are an architecture that's deep in time and you have all of this internal space in you that's temporal in size, not spatial, in size that you can draw from to create Things. And if you are reading people's work and interacting with people's research and you're learning things that people have discovered, you're essentially interacting with their time.


Yes. You're looking at all their traces of time and you're doing it over time. And that's becoming part of your architecture. Yeah. And time and all of that structure is still in you. And the more time you spend on it, the more you'll absorb that. Yeah. You'll absorb more and more and more of it. Yes. Yeah. And you and the more people's thoughts and more people's work you take in, you're taking all of their time. Yes. And you're putting it all into your head. We're just like bundles. I, you know, I think about time and information kind of being the same thing, but we're just all of that, that causation bundled up and like these small, we, we look small, but we're not small. Yeah. So sometimes I, you know, I have this visualization of earth as like the largest thing in the universe that we know of, which is in terms of possibility space or how much time is embedded in the current structure of the earth.


So if you could, like, if you could do a zoom out of like the entire universe, you know, and you could look at like space, you know, assuming there's no aliens out there and you look at earth, you know, like earth is giant as far as like the amount of stuff that can be made here and how much history is embodied in every object. It's like, it's just this huge causal structure and this like And I think, I think we're representations of that physics. And that's one of the reasons that we have this kind of perplexing feature of like, these things seem abstract. Well they're not, they're not abstract. Like they don't, they don't look like they're in physical space, like knock on wood on the table. But the table is like an object that has like 4 billion years of history in it. So it's like the physicality of the table is mostly in time, not space.


And that's true, I think for us is living things. It makes sense. And and it also, if you could go to the original collision of like earth one Yeah. When Earth one creates the moon and just imagine being able to, It's so fabulous. We have a giant moon So crazy. Like, So crazy. That's the only thing that keeps our atmosphere stable. Yeah. That's the only reason why we're here. Yeah. Like in this form with Yeah, exactly. The exactly. Stable temperatures. Such A chance event and It's so big. Yeah. It's one quarter of the size of us. I know. It's nuts. And it looks nice on watches. It's Beautiful. Yeah. And it's floating in the sky and it makes a, you know, a summer night look incredible. Look at the moon. I know. And we get eclipses. Yeah. Oh Yeah. So Much of human history is dictated by the moon. It's amazing. Anyway, sorry about That.


It is, no, it's incredible. But that this, this whole thing, if you could watch it take place, I wonder if, I've often thought like there's so many mysteries of history, but I alm almost wondered that if calculations get to a point, if computers get to a point where they could examine all of the objects in all the places that they are currently in the world and all the force that would cause them to exist and all the history that cause 'em to exist, you could accurately go back and see exactly what happened every step of the way.


Yeah. I, I think it might be possible. It's, it, it's an interesting kind of thought experiment about like whether the universe is deterministic and fully predictable. And I think in the past, like one of the reasons that we think the laws of physics are deterministic is because in the past you can determine things, but I think the future is undetermined till it happens. Probably. Yeah. Yeah. So it might be possible, but I don't know how much you can reconstruct because things die out like extinction of entire lines of life, or like things disappear like they don't exist anymore. And so I think that you can reconstruct the past, but I don't believe personally in an exact history for the universe. Well, if we can reconstruct the past based on our current understanding, which is fairly limited and much greater than it used to be three or 400 years ago, if we could expand that knowledge for the next thousand, 500,000 years ago, whatever, whatever it is from now into the future, to develop some sort of a computation system, some sort of an ability to have an accurate assessment of everything that took place, and then be able to lay it out how it took place because of all the objects and all the places and all the species that died off and all the, the records.


When They do core samples and they understand the iridium content, which meant asteroids impacted here, and carbon, which is some sort of a fire here. And it just calculated out where you can get some accurate, I think in principle it, like in principle it makes sense, but I think in practice, I'm not even sure that's physically possible because as you're like trying to compute everything that the universe has done, you also have to like make sure that that physical thing actually can calculate itself and continue to exist in the future. So if you're like there, it's not, it's, it's it's, it's an interesting thought experiment about like how much of the universe can be computed, but you have to deal with resource bounds and So. like you have to deal with an actual physical implementation of that computer.


And that computer has to be able to persist long enough to do the calculations and have enough energy to do it Right. Which means there has to be things external to the computer. So you can't use all the resources available just for the computer. Like the computer. You actually have to keep the, the whole thing running. So, right. So I don't think that you actually can know the past with, with exact, I was gonna say infinite resolution, but I don't believe in infinities anyway, but like really precise resolution that you could, you could re reconstruct everything that has happened in the history of the universe. I think our universe forgets things. And, I think it does so on purpose, because that's part of the, not purpose, but like, not in an anthropocentric way, but it does. So because the, the act of forgetting things is actually in part how the universe generates novelty if it remembered everything in the past.


And only those things persisted. Like we'd live in an incredibly boring universe. We live in a universe that's constantly creating things and sometimes it, it, you know, like some of those things can't be generated anymore, but it makes more space for other things to be created. You don't believe in infinity? I don't. Interesting I mean as a, as a mathematical construct. Sure. But as a real physical thing, no, but I, I have a really different view of mathematics than most people. Like I think mathematics is a physical system that exists on our planet. And, I don't believe in like a Euclidean world. That's like a perfect mathematical forms. I think they're a thing that our biosphere has invented. And one of the reasons that we think mathematics is universal is because it's a language that we understand that actually, you know, like is information that's embedded in pretty much every object in our environment.


But it doesn't mean that it's like it has universal reach. Yeah. The, there's problems with mathematics too, right? Eric Weinstein, who's a mathematician. Yeah. Just kinda explaining Yeah. The number two. Yeah. And there's a bunch of different things that are bizarre with math. So it almost hints to an incomplete understanding of mathematics even as we currently know it. Right? Well, there's, there's always that I mean, you know, it, it always perplexes me that, you know, people accepted Euclid and geometry as the only form of geometry for like 2000 years. I mean, it's like, like literally like that was it. And then we were like, oh, well there could be non Euclid in geometries and we just never imagined them because like, they don't reflect our physical environment. I mean. That's crazy. So that's like, that's saying that there's mathematics we don't understand, but then there's a question about whether there's a deeper structure that's not even mathematical that math might be derived from.


Like is there a language deeper than math? What Could that be? Don't know I mean, I think, have you thought about it? I have. I think about a lot. Whatcha theory. I'm sure you do. Well I Mean it's kind of a rhetorical Question. Yeah, no, it's okay. Well, I worry about this a lot with like, the nature of the relationship between the theory of computation and assembly theory, for example. So computation is, you know, a way that we kind of understand the formalization of mathematical things that we actually can, you know, algorithmically do, right? So anything that you can calculate, you can compute. And so there are obviously like un uncom computable numbers and things like that, but they live in some abstract, you know, like, but anyway, so assembly theory has some, some features that look like theories of complexity in computation in that, you know, like people will talk about a minimal complexity for a computer program as being the way that you talk about complexity.


And we talk about a minimal causal history to construct an object. but I think what assembly theory is that is a bit different and super interesting is it's np Like it's, it's actually hard to compute the assembly index. It's harder than classes of computational algorithms that are kind of similar to it. But the universe generates these molecules that are computationally incredibly complex causally the universe can generate them. And So like you couldn't compute necessarily like on a super computer. Like, you know, the, the complexity of a cell, like you're saying, like, could I reconstruct the whole history? Yet the universe can generate that structure, right? So it suggests to me that there's something else going on and the space is actually a lot larger than what you can computationally compress.


So what else could be going on? I think that I, the, the best language I have for it right now, And I, I really don't know. Like I, I'm really struggling with this in my work right now. And Lee And I are going back and forth about these things all the time, but is causation. And also that the, the other part about like why the universe is maybe not computable is this mechanism of novelty generation. Like there are, there are some, the uni if the universe genuinely creates novelty that can't be predicted on prior history and like the future really is not determined. That's just suggesting something fundamentally different than the way that we understand the way the world works right now. Mm. And I don't know what it is, but I think, I think it has to do with something with causation and something about the physicality of objects.


Like objects really do exist. They really do encode their histories. And those histories are interacting all the time, which is making everything much more complicated like that, that idea of these time threads interacting that you were talking about. And then there's the fundamental question of why. Yes, I think I mean when I think about like what life is, like why does life exist? I think the universe is trying to maximize the number of things that exist. 'cause if you think like things exist or they don't, and you know, like the universe is the constructor for things to get to exist. Like it's building all of existence is, you know, like what physically exists in our universe. you know? Wouldn't it be great if like there was a principle of nature or it was just trying to pack as much existence in as possible?


What makes sense also if physical things these human beings create and, and, and life creates physical things Yes. That, that would be the best way to maximize it. Yes. Because this being Yes. Which is also why I think we have free will. Because if we act independently, we're actually more creative than if we, we didn't Yeah. Do you ever butt butt heads with determinism people? I butt Heads with everyone. Nothing Wrong with that. No. That's what it's all about, right? Yeah. No, I, I I fundamentally love disagreeing with smart people. Mm. And so I think And I try to surround myself with colleagues that share that mentality. So I think it's the best Mentality. Yeah. And, I think being around people that challenge you is so critical and like you disagree with them on fundamental things.


Like that's okay. Like I, you know, I have like some of my closest friends boil my blood on some things. But like, but like you have to respect that they're thinking smart people and like, right. Yeah. So I always put myself in their head. Yeah. And you know, I think we have a huge problem as human beings is we attach ideas to ourself that, and so we defend these ideas as if we're defending our very existence. Yes. Yes. I know. Yeah. I think, I think, I think we do have a tendency to do that. I've developed that through having so many conversations with people that I don't see eye to eye with on the podcast of instead of arguing with them, I try to ask them how they think. Yeah. Why they think the way they think. Yes. What is it challenge a little bit just to try to get a, a response out of them.


Yeah. Try to figure out like, what is your process and why is it so different than mine? Well, that's good for you too. 'cause you grow more and you understand more by doing that. Think doing this thing over the last 15 years has been like the most radical, unexpected education that I could have ever had. That's amazing. I'm a different human. Yeah. Like completely different human than I was. Right. 15 years Ago. Yeah. Yeah. I think, I think that is something that's really hard is like if you close yourself to ideas that you don't agree with, you're closing off your, like yourself to potential to grow. Yes. And understand the world better. And, I think Unquestionably. Yeah. Unquestionably. And these ideas that the, the problem when we start defending them is like, then we stop looking at them. Yeah. We start, we start like, like we, we put them as like a protected thing that we're trying to argue against.


Yeah. And we're, we're trying to, instead of invite criticism and some sort of an analysis of our thought process, we're trying to defend It. Yeah. No. So I'm, I'm happy like professionally also to change my mind all the time. So, like I was a determinist. I'm not a determinist anymore right now. I'm a presentist. When, When did that change? I think that probably changed in the last few years. And it's mostly because of the structure of what I understand of like what we're doing with assembly theory. So like assembly theory is like still very much in development and we're still really trying to work on the ideas. but I always had these ideas about the origin of life having something to do with information, playing a causal role in the structure of reality. And information's like an abstract thing.


Like how can you think like mathematical structures can influence physical world? But like, you just gave great examples of things that were once ideas that became physical. And I. Think about like, Newton's law of gravitation is a law of nature. It describes something about the objective world. But the law itself is also an object that exists in our biosphere that's generating structure. Like allowing us to launch satellites into space that wouldn't be possible without that mathematical form existing on our planet as a description of reality. Right. So that's an object. And so these kind of things were always really perplexing to me. And so, you know, I started working with Lean assembly theory and like Lee's very radical and very thought provoking and always pushing and you know, he was really on this idea of the universe not being deterministic and getting larger in time.


And like part of that was not like it was, he's like, he's like, I'm a chemist. I burn shit. I see this in the lab. The second law is not like the right description of like what's going on here. But there is some underlying determinism and novelty mechanism in chemistry that life seems to be, you know, like really manifesting. And So what is free will then if For me? So, so what happened was when I started working at assembly theory, I started to like see that there was a really different structure, especially associated with the way information gets embodied in physical objects and the history being physical in the objects. And free will becomes this idea that like, you know, you can't, you actually can't, you know, in standard physics you would say like an emergent thing like us can be reduced to our atoms.


And all of the fundamental description is down there. But what you've done is stripped that physical system of all the time inside of it. Right? So elementary particles, they don't require memory for the universe to generate them. They just, they they're spontaneous you. The universe has them for free. But things like us require memory and things that know how to build things like us in order for us to exist. And then once we exist, we're encoding all of that history and information in us as objects. All of that causation is in us. Which means that all of the selection over all the histories to generate us is still part of us and allows us to actually work in this combinatorial space that we can actually generate new structures. And that's that that is actually like where free will comes from.


It's not that like it, it's basically if you, if you assume you can't reduce things to elementary particles all the time and you actually have time and objects, things become causal. Agents actually have some NGA navigability over the combinatorial space of the possibilities they live in that they have some control over. And that's what I think free will is you don't have control over everything. So it's not like free will is not all free or all determinism. And I. Think Dan Dennet was really brilliant on this point. Like he talked about free will inflation, which I thought was a historic, a hysterical concept. It's like really funny. But it's like either people think the universe is random and you absolutely have free will and control over everything. They think it's fully deterministic and you have no freedom. But actually what it is, is determinism is built over lineages because things get selected to exist and they become part of the re regular structure of our universe.


So determinism itself is an emergent property and things that are very deterministic like us actually have more causal control over the kind of things that can happen to them. But they can't control everything. So we have limited free will. Like I couldn't be home in Arizona this exact second, but I can be there later today 'cause I planned ahead for it. Like that's where your free will executes over time. Hmm. So this concept of determinism is just too, it's too simplistic. Yeah. Yeah. I mean to think that the universe is all like one human concept anyway is too simplistic. It's like it's deterministic or it's not deterministic actually. you know, there are cases where you can model it as being deterministic 'cause you're looking at the past and there are places you cannot model it as being deterministic 'cause you're looking at the future.


Right. Right. And, I think that's a pretty simple concept and very evident when you're looking at living things. Like no one can predict the future technologies like, or the future of the biosphere. Right. Some of the information's there, like we were talking about before, like maids will probably still be present 50 years from now. So like I might be able to predict some things about the future, but the novelty is really hard. The problem I've always had with determinism is that people seem too sure of it. Yes. And the people that espouse it, they seem very sure of it. And. I I think. How can you be sure when you know for a fact in your own mind you make decisions. Yeah. So, and you think that these decisions are made entirely based on your life experiences, your education, your biology, ADA, yada, yada yada.


Yeah. But maybe not. Maybe not. Yeah. Because there's things going on that are weird. There's moments, there's inspiration. Yes. There's a lot of stuff happening. Intuition Is a big one for me. Yeah. I always find that very mystic. Yes. Like I live my whole life on instincts. Yeah. Like I do things that a lot of people go, why are you doing that? I'm like, I feel like that What I should do. That's history on You. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like that's what I should do. Yeah. Like it feels like a thing to do. Yeah. And that is, that seems to be, for lack of a better term, free will, you know, di discipline itself, for lack of a term better term is free will. Yeah. Like what, what is it about the idea of being rewarded by doing something difficult that you don't want to do, but you force yourself to do it? If that is not free will what is Yeah.


Like it seems like nothing can make you get up and go for a run if you don't want to go for a run. Yeah. But you decide to do it, which is the embodiment of free will. Right. That is free will manifested in a physical. I 100% agree. Action. Yeah. I think the issue about why people, you know, like really wanna say free will doesn't exist is because it's not compatible with standard like theories and physics. And therefore, you know, we know how our universe works. You can't have free will. But our standard theories in physics can't explain life. They can't explain mind and free will lives in the space of whatever physics describes life and mind. It doesn't live in the physics of gravitation or the physics of quantum particles. Right. Like those are, those are totally different areas of physical reality that have nothing to do with you as an evolved structure over 4 billion years that now has agency in the universe.


Right. Like you're a different component of physical reality than those theories are describing. And And I think, you know, we have a tendency to think physics is complete. We have done this throughout like the history of physics. It's like every century they think the last century did it. Like we understand reality now. And it's like every century has a new description. I like, I will never forget. Like I like bouncing between my classes as an undergrad physics student and how many times I was told like I, you know, it's like, it's really comical. At the end of the 18 hundreds they thought physics was complete. And like then there was general relativity and quantum mechanics. This is so funny. But it's like I go in a physics department and I'm like talking about this and they're like, we don't need new physics for life. Like, physics is already done. Like we have the standard model.


And I'm just like, are you not like understanding the dichotomy here between what we teach like students and like how we talk about where we are now in history. It's like crazy. Yeah. Totally crazy. It is crazy that we repeat, re repeat these problems. Yeah. Repeat, repeat these issues over and over and over again. Yeah. And we go, oh, back then they were stupid. Like Yeah. Don't you think in the future Yeah. If you could just look at the history of human beings, what they believed and don't you think there's gotta be some stuff like that right now? Yeah. There has to be, There has to be I mean. There's No way we figured it Out. No, no. I, I definitely, I definitely think fundamental physics has a very bright future of like having some really fundamentally like earth shattering like ways of thinking about things that I, I don't even think like our current theories are like that.


Like they're, they're gonna be replaced by things even more. Awesome. And I'm really excited about that I mean that's like why you wanna do like physics, right? Yeah. Like you don't wanna work on the theories of like, you know, the guys that were around a hundred years ago. Like, why don't you work on the new ideas that describe the reality as like you're coming to understand it now in history, not Right. Yeah. So it's, it's funny that people wanna just accept what previous generations taught them as like absolute fact and then not be confronted with like the changing times, the changing understanding of the world around us. The changing sets of observations. 'cause I can imagine, you know, many thousands of years ago when humans were, you know, still like, you know, being hunter gatherers, not really thinking, we have a lot of causal agency in the world.


Like you see the seasons, you have no control over them. And like, you know, and so obviously like we're born out of this idea that the, the, you know, the universe is objective in existing outside of us because of a deep history of not having control, but like now in a modern technological society. And we see how much of reality we've shaped and changed. Like, I don't know how you could hold that view anymore. Like it's, it's, it's very deep in our history that like we think these things but like the evidence around us right now is completely to the contrary. And this also seems like an emergent property of human beings. Yes. Humans in particular. I think animals do it to an extent. but I think our ability to abstract and our ability to build technologies based on our abstractions and like what we're doing now is fundamentally different than anything that our biosphere has done over the last 4 billion years.


I think we're pretty special. And I have no problem saying that. Like I think we're the most interesting thing in the universe. Yeah, I think so. Well the known universe. Known universe. Yeah. I think it's quite possible. Yeah. There's something else out there that's a little bit more interesting than us. Yeah, I'm sure there is. but I don't think that we're ever gonna recognize what that thing is until we actually really appreciate what we are. Mm. Interesting. You glossed over this, but I wanna get back to it? Sure. Why don't you believe in infinity? Oh, So I just, I think it's not possible for like, like I guess people wanna say the universe is infinite in size. And I don't know what that means. I think it just is a placeholder of like, we don't understand, so infinity helps in like certain, in certain theories of physics, like to actually make your mathematics tractable.


But to say it's actually like a physical thing to me, is it, it it doesn't make any sense and it doesn't make any sense because I think if you assume, you know, like there's an infinity of things that could exist and that infinity of things exist somewhere, right? Like, so you have like a, you know, max tag marks mathematical universe, hypothesis, all mathematical objects exist somewhere. And obviously there's like an infinite number of them. It doesn't actually explain anything about here. Or like why do we have the things that we have in this universe? And, I think it's, I think what infinity is, is it's a feature of humans' imagination to define the space of what's possible. And it physically exists as the boundary of that space.


But it doesn't physically exist out there as a real physical thing. Like there is no infinite space. There is no infinite possibilities of a multiverse. Those are abstractions that exist in human minds that allow us to think about how the world works and reason in what we can actually construct here as far as theories we understand or things we can build. But the concept of infinity, if there is no, if the universe is not infinite, then the universe has a defined boundary. Yes. So what's beyond that boundary? I don't know. That's weird, right? Yes. Yes. That seems like maybe that's what infinity is. Yeah. Well yeah. So I think we could be saying the same, like, I think I think about it sort of like there's a boundary that is like the physical size of the universe and the physical stuff in the universe.


And then there's another boundary which is part of that physical boundary. But it's like the things that we can imagine and the things we can imagine at least can possibly be physically real. And then there's another boundary we can't even imagine. I don't even know if there's stuff out there that's like beyond that and like, you can't even talk about it. 'cause you can't even imagine what it is Right there. One of the most perplexing theories that I've ever heard was the concept of the, in the center of every galaxy there's a super massive black hole. Yes. And that going through that super massive black hole, you will go into another universe. Yeah. Yeah. These are kind of interesting and fun and kind of fun. Yeah. But like, very fun. What are you saying?


Yeah. No I mean I, well there's a lot of theories about like the multiverse, And I. I think they're intellectually interesting and they bring interesting philosophy into physics. but I don't know that I can assign physical realism to anything that we can't observe directly. Hmm. And I would rather take the mathematics and, and like, and the theories of physics themselves. Like I, I do these thought experiments about like the theoretical physics of theoretical physicists. It's like if I were outside of myself, And I was watching what I was as a theoretical physicist, writing down equations and like trying to describe the world. What would those mathematical objects look like as physical things. Hmm. And so this to me is their perspective that I find much more productive because don don't think people have looked at that through that lens at what mathematics is like.


We tend to take the Euclidean, you know, and like the, the, you know, Plato's cave type paradigm from the ancient Greeks that like, there's a perfect world of forms and like, you know, we're just seeing the shadows of like this perfect reality. And I think, I think the universe is constructing itself and mathematics is a particular thing our universe has constructed that enables things to be possible that wouldn't be possible without mathematics existing. The people that are proponents of this concept of infinity and that do believe in it when you steal man, that what's the best argument for it? Well I think the idea, it's kind of like what you're saying. Like if you take the limit like there, you know, they, it actually is consistent with our equations to assume that, you know, like the, the universe could be infinite or the time in the future could be infinite.


And it it to them, I think it seems like it has some physicality to it. but I I don't, but I, I always, it always seems to me to be a placeholder of like the boundary. And so, but also like, you know, it depends on what you think is satisfactory. So if you wanna believe a multiverse hypothesis and there's sort of an infinite number of realities 'cause you find that morela like explanatory to assume that everything exists and therefore like we're just one thing in that space. you know, some people find that satisfactory, don don't find that satisfactory because it doesn't explain why we exist. And I, I Right. And I. I, I just, I I wanna explain us. I wanna know what we are.


Yeah. But it's, it's a hard set of questions around infinity and mathematics just generally And I. I find it really fun to think about. The multiverse to me is the most bizarre mind experiment because there's no evidence Yeah. That exists. But it's a concept that's universally sort. It's, it's shared a lot and it's Yeah. Debated a lot. Yeah. And it's, you know, some people, you know, they'll pontificate on it, but you might be thinking about nonsense. Yeah. Right. So I, I think, you know, another reason I don't, I don't really think infinity is like a real construct is I I really am a big fan of Nick Jin. He is a physicist that's kind of arguing that real numbers aren't real. And what he means by that is like, if you wanna compute a real number and like, you know, we use real numbers like, you know, like they, they require infinite precision to, to compute all the digits.


And you know, you're assuming a lot of resource for a universe built on real numbers because basically it means anything that you look at, you can look at with infinite resolution. And, and it's probably the case, especially if you think the universe is constructed or even if you believe in a simulation argument, that there has to be a granularity there because the universe has to do these things in finite time with finite resource. There isn't evidence that there's infinite time or infinite resource in our universe. And therefore, like if you want something to actually be physically real, the universe has to be able to implement it. The universe cannot implement infinity in finite time. It just Can't do it Right.


Finite time. Yeah. And I think time is finite. I think time is a resource. And I think time is, is you know, part of the mechanism that the universe is actually constructing itself. The universe is constructing itself from moment to moment. And you know, and we persist over a certain set of moments. But, but yeah. This is the way I said, I'm a presentist And I don't even know if I agree with myself on this. Like, I disagree with myself on a lot of things. And I might change my mind tomorrow. But it's like the idea only the present exists. So the past is rolled up in the present. Like I think that there, there, like the past structure exists in the present and the present is now constructing the next moment. Right. And so, but the, the space, like the future is expanding. It's getting larger and larger and larger because there's so much combinatorial structure.


Like all these past histories now entwined in the modern structure that they can now intertwine to make the future bigger and bigger. And this is from our current observable position. Yes. And then you go, Which is the only one we can talk about. Right? And then you expand down to the whole universe. Yeah. And it's like, what is going on out there? Yeah. So I it's, it's interesting you say that because you know, most theories of physics are actually constructed with the observer living outside the universe. Right. So like Newton had this conception of, you know, like you could take a god's eye view, literal god's eye view of the universe and describe it objectively from the outside. And all of our theories of physics have this problem. This is why quantum mechanics is so existentially hard because it confronts us with the fact that like if you have a physics where the observer is not part of the physics, it leads to really tra like really big problems with how we structure theories of physics.


And this is why there's no one quantum theory. There's a whole bunch of interpretations of quantum experiments and people call those different theories of, of quantum mechanics. But there's no like accepted standard interpretation that like people would point to and say, this is the theory of quantum mechanics. There's interpretations, And I think that's, they're great, you know, there's, there's great theories. It's great, like amazing, insightful stuff. But it's not quite on the same footing as like general relativity, which is like a widely accepted theory that describes a set of observations. So, but it's because quantum mechanics has observers and people don't know how to interpret the observer. And we don't have a physics that was built from starting from observers like us, things like us that are constructing theories of physics.


How do we think about the world and put us inside the world? And I think a theory of life has to have that property. It has to account for the fact that we live inside the universe. We cannot escape the universe. Like we're always gonna be physically stuck here. Right. This is it, this is all we got. Yeah. And like, describe why, like what is the observational horizon we interact with and how do we get structured outta that space? Like why, why do we exist the way we do within that space? Why do we, I I I don't know, but I I mean I like the why questions. Yeah. I was also told by like a really prominent senior physicist not to ask why And I was like, why should we not ask why? Like, you should really, you should ask the why questions. They're good questions.


Isn't it interesting that some people that are at the top of their field still have these bizarre ideas that you just completely disagree with? Yeah. Do I find that bizarre? No. Yeah. I've had that since I, you know, it's very funny 'cause I think sometimes people are like, oh Sarah, you're really successful in your career now you can say these things. And I'm like, I think I like it. I've been saying these things since I was like, don don't know forever. Like I haven't changed, my personality hasn't changed. I just like, I'm deeply curious. And I wanna understand things, And I think, you know, you, you have to be able to follow what you rationally think and what the, like the evidence is telling you and the questions you think are interesting to answer And I think the thing that I guess I've, I've done is like the questions I wanna answer are not ones that people have really taken as seriously as I've taken them because of the reasons that they think they're not answerable or they're already answered.


And I just see this gaping hole in our understanding of reality that needs to be filled. Well listen Sarah, I'm glad you're out there. I really am. This is a really fun conversation. I really appreciate it. Cool. Tell everybody how they can see some of your work. Sure. And read about it. Yeah, I have a book out. It actually is out today. All right. Called Life as No One Knows It, the Physics of Life's Emergence where I talk about assembly theory and you know, like what's needed to solve. The. Physics of Life. There it is. And also really trying to motivate this experimental program that Lee is spearheading because I'm such a fan of it, to try to find aliens in the lab. So basically like the idea here is we just wanna get people excited about these problems and thinking about them more deeply agreeing, or better yet like having lots of debate and discussion about like the nature of life and how we think about it and whether we can start an experimental program to really validate the ideas.


So that's that And I narrated the audio book. Fantastic. I love that. Which was fun. Yeah. That makes me happy. Yeah, it was kind of funny. I was really like shy about doing it because some people like criticize my voice on like all the YouTube channels and stuff. And I was like, you know what, I'm gonna do it. Listen, Stop reading the comments. Hi. Know you should never read the comments. You got a great Voice. Thank you. But anyway, it's really fun and it was deeply personal, so that was cool. And I am on Twitter, X thing and Instagram. Who are you on? How are you? How does someone find you on Sarah Twitter? Sarah Amari There you can find me that way. Instagram as well. Alien matter. Alien matter. Okay. I don't use that one as much, but it's fun. Okay. Yeah. Anyway. Yeah. Thank you very much. I really appreciate it. It was a lot of fun.


It was fun. Thank you. Thank you. Alright, bye everybody.