
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out. The. Joe Rogan. Experience. Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night. All day. Yep. Okay. Sal Sal Loop. Pleasure to meet you man. Pleasure to meet you too. How'd you start doing this YouTube channel? I've always enjoyed doing, talking about those things. 'cause who doesn't? Right? And I was always kind of surprised at how shitty there are usually talked about. I just saw the shooting star. There it goes.


Yeah. It'll trick you. Like so often you see this type of content is like, is there a monster in the woods? Right. And it's like, that's not the question. The question is more complex than that. And I often don't see it brought up that way. There's something about these, like today I listened to the creepiest Bigfoot story one, that one that you had with the, the one where the guy wrote in the story about the bigfoot Burying stuff in the backyard. Yeah. That one. And there's something about those that like, even if you don't believe in Bigfoot, 'cause I don't necessarily believe in Bigfoot. There's something about it that's so compelling. There's something about things that you don't know out there in the woods that know, because you don't have an accurate, a real good account of everything that's in the forest.


Of course, you know, you look out there, it's dark and the mind is always looking for some weirdness. The mind is always looking for something that other people don't know about. Or perhaps there's like a secret that the sheriffs know about that they don't share with everybody else. Like, why is that so, why does that resonate so much with people with Stephen King movies like, or Stephen King books? It's like that kind of a thing. There's something about it that's like exciting. Right. I'm more of a Dean Koons fan than Stephen King. Oh, Okay. Yeah. He's great too. Yeah. You don't like Stephen King? Is that what I'm trying? You trying to throw shade? Yes. His politics ruined it for me. That's The problem. Right? That's the problem. His problem is his Twitter feed.


His Twitter feed's fucking brutal. It's like, dude, stop. Right. That's nuts. These Are like the goofiest low testosterone boomer takes I've ever heard on anything like, stop. It's very true. But He's such a brilliant writer. I also think he's a different guy. 'cause the car accident, I think that was a big one. you know when you get hit by a a van That'll Do it. Yeah. Shit. He was really, really fucked up from that. And I also think it's getting off Coke. Getting off Coke and booze. Yeah. That was the real Stephen King I mean. I hate to advocate alcoholism and and cocaine use. 'cause I don't think either one of 'em is good for you. But God damn. They're good for writing books.


They're Good for artistry. That's for sure. There's something about his early stuff when he was off the rails. Like he said, he doesn't even remember writing. Cujo doesn't even Remember it. It's my favorite book of his. It's fucking great. No, It's a fucking great book. So is The Shining, you know, it's another one where he was like deep in the throes of addiction and just writing this fucking captivating book. It just, what he captured is there's this part of our mind that maybe we don't talk about too much. Where we always wonder if everybody really knows what's going on. And maybe something could happen that people didn't expect, couldn't imagine is real. And yet you're confronted by it.


you know? And that's like a lot of his stories. And you do a really good job of finding that. Also you have a creepy voice. No, no disrespect, no I mean in a good way. Like the way you tell the stories, you know, like it's just something about it. Like, ah, it's like you're doing radio man, you're doing radio with illustrations, but you're doing it on YouTube, Right? Well that, that, that's actually why I chose the name Bob Gimlin because I, I, you know, Bob Gimlin is obviously the guy who was there when the Patterson footage was shot. Right. And it, it has, so my Google account or my YouTube account name way before I started the channel was Bob Gimlin.


Oh. And my real name is Brian gya. And all I used YouTube for was Bigfoot content. And like watching Bob Dylan rips, I'm a huge fan of Bob Dylan. Oh, cool. So I thought Bob Gimlin was a cool name. And it kind of evokes back to like, just kind of Rod Sterling a little bit. Just like a slower pace. 'cause so much of the content in that was just like top 10 creepiest sightings. Yeah. It's like whatever. It's like, I like to be a little more immersed. Yes. You do it like radio. You do it like old school radio. Like creepy radio. Yeah. Like when they used to tell stories on like, you know, people would sit, you know, before there was a television, people would sit around the radio and they would listen.


Like that's where War of the Worlds, that famous thing with HG Wells where had a bunch of people believing that we're actually being invaded by martians. You flee your state. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. So the, when did you start this channel? I think like nine years ago. 2016 maybe. And Was it the beginning? Was it Bigfoot? Yeah. Have you ever had an encounter? No. Or is it just something that's been fascinating to you? It's Just always been interesting, but, so I think my talent And, I'm not even saying I'm talented, but my, what I have going for me is I am so ready to believe that everything we know is bs. Like, people don't know anything.


They just don't. I mean people know stuff. But so much of what has been in history books is already wrong. you know? So like, have you ever seen a chimpanzee? Yes. Like, would it surprise you to learn that? Like, oh, there's a smarter one. There's a faster one. There's a bigger one. Like if, if someone, if a Bigfoot got hit by a bus tomorrow, like I wouldn't be surprised You wouldn't be. No, I Well I mean Yes. I Would be terribly surprised. Really? Yes. Yeah. I don't know if they're real, but I think they might be real. This is what I think. I have a very strange take on this. And I know, it's gonna sound super stupid to anybody who's like cynical pragmatist. But just bear with me for a moment.


I think the boundaries between this dimension and other ones are permeable. And, I have a feeling things can cross through them. And, I have a feeling. We are like, if an ant is like, I have leaf cutter ants in my yard. Pretty wild. So cool to watch 'em. It sucks 'cause they kill all your trees. But so cool to watch this long train of these incredible little beings carrying around these giant pieces of leaf that they cut off and they're all going into their little house, but you wave your hand over them. They have no fucking idea.


You're there. Like, whatever senses they have, it does not seem to detect threats from things above. They don't seem to be worried. Right. You know, they, they don't, they don't perceive us. Well, they're mission oriented. Yeah. And we are too. So if something is happening that's beyond our mission, I think it's hard to perceive it. I Think there's things that exist that are not perceivable. Oh, I, I'm 1000000% in that camp too. And, I. Think there's heightened states of consciousness that people achieve under duress. Extreme stress, fear. I think that's one of the reasons why a lot of them happen at nighttime. I think nighttime, it, it automatically fills people with a certain sense of anxiety and, and fear.


Because you don't know what's out there when you, especially in the woods at nighttime. And, I. Think in those times when your mind reaches this unusual chemical state, you occasionally can access these, these other realities. And, I think that's where Bigfoot is real. I know it sounds goofy. No I mean That's And don don't think you can go find it. That's why finding Bigfoot is on like season 80 and they haven't found shit. Yeah. Well But see, even if it was real that they, I wouldn't expect them to find it either. No. That show's just Goofy. Or even if it was flesh and blood. It's funny you would say what you said because when I first started my channel, I was very flesh and blood type.


I thought it was a very real thing. Like a just a bear or anything else in the woods. But a lot of comment commenters said, though, I appreciate Bob's take on that. He will get to the woo woo side or the spiritual side. Mm. And I was like, I am not, and I'm like halfway there already. but I don't think that I don don't think that the spiritualism can be separated from anything. How so? What do you mean by that? I mean we're, I think we're spiritual beings. And. I think that we're interacting with like, kinda like the force from Star Wars. Mm. Like IIII believe reality is permeable to an extent.


Yeah. I mean the, the things that we see with our eyes and feel with our, that we touch. It's, there's more than that. It's a Fraction. It's a fraction of what's going on. I think so too. I think, you know, I think that's, that's probably the source of whatever psychic phenomenon that is real. That's not bullshit. And just a bunch of people, a bunch of hucksters robbing people. I think there's some, I think there's some sort of telepathic connection that people share occasionally. And I think it's an emerging aspect of human consciousness that will probably one day be as normal as hearing. I think we're just emerging from the primal And I.


Think also in the primal. They probably have it, they probably have it in a different way. Like animals are tuned in in a very bizarre way. They just know things sometimes and you don't know why they know things. 'cause it's not, you're not even saying like, my dog sometimes knows when we're gonna go for a run. Right. He just knows it. I've Always been fascinated by how animals, so many animals seem to innately know that we can help them. Yes. And I. I They shouldn't think that. Right. you know, historically we are not the helper of animals. Right. And like, you know, be it dolphins or seals or whatever. Or deer. Even deer. Yeah. They're just like, I'm hurt. Help. And it's like, shouldn't they be afraid of the predator Deer have con tried to contact people to get one of their friends free from barbed wire?


Yeah. Yeah. There's something weird. There's something weird going on that is not just as simple as we're the dominant species. We have language. We figured out consciousness, we write books. No, I think there's, there's, there's another thing that we just don't, it's not there yet. you know, it's just like the original cavemen had some grunts and those grunts became words. And now those words become huge libraries filled with books that people have written. And I think that's what's going on with human consciousness. And, I think there's just gotta be some reason why this Bigfoot thing has been going on for so goddamn long.


I think it's an interdimensional existence. I think whatever that thing is, I think it comes back and forth and that's why I don't find anything. Yeah. I mean. That's as I said, I'm getting there. You're getting there. Getting There. Yeah. I mean because as I said earlier, like to me the flesh and blood, a hypothesis is not as impractical as everyone says. Well it used to be a real thing for sure. The problem is the size of it. you know, you can't really hide a 10 foot gorilla. Why? Why? Because too many trail cams, too many campers, hikers, hunters. Especially. Especially, Well, it's not like people don't see it. People see it All the time. Yeah. Hunters don't see 'em.


No. No. But my friends, I have a lot of friends that are like long range backpack hunters. These guys will go 26, 27 miles into the forest with no access. Roads, they just hike out. But do hunters not see them? Or do hunters not say they saw it? No. don don't know anybody who's seen them. No. They'll tell you all kinds of other wild shit. But they would tell you if they saw it there. There none of them are, none of them believe that I've know. But they, they are wary about animals. you know, there, there's real threats out there. There's grizzlies, there's wolves, there's mountain lions. Those are the things they're really worried about. And those are the things that they see. And, I, you know, I've had friends that have had encounters with them.


And even those encounters seem in some sort of weird way, spiritual, like there's a weird connection with these predators and prey. And I think opens up a part of us that we don't ever experience. You don't ever experience a thing that wants to eat you. And when you do, I think your biology is like, oh, you remember this. Right. And like a switch gets turned on. And these genes that we've had inside of our body for hundreds of thousands of years of us running away from predators, they get ignited. And there's this bizarre connection. If you ever like looked in the eyes of a predator. I sure have. What have you seen? Well, I worked at a zoo, Brookfield Zoo in Chicago for quite a few years.


And so just this Christmas we went there and the lion was roaring going nuts. And I have footage of this I can actually show you later. But it was very close and it was roaring and it looked like it was gonna pounce. And I had no faith that that little barrier was enough. And I've, I've literally worked at the place And I know, like there are fail safes and stuff that they can't get out, but I was just like, Nope, this is nuts. 'cause you know, I I love cats. Big cats too. And like have you ever do, do you have a cat? I don't anymore, but I've had cats. Okay. Like just watching them and now imagining that they are bigger than you. Oh dude, it is so horrifying.


I saw my first large mountain lion two years ago. Oh yeah. It was big, like about 170 plus pounds. And my friend Colton saw it under a tree. We were driving, luckily we were inside the truck 'cause it was only about 30 yards away. I would've shit my pants if I saw this thing without a barrier between us. It was so big. It was so big and so ter it looked like a demon. Like when you lock eyes with that thing, and again, I'm looking at it through a windshield and also binoculars. So I had 10 power binoculars and I'm zoomed into its face and I'm seeing it like just looking right at me with this pumpkin head. This the big mandible muscles that go over the top of the skull.


It's like, oh Christ. And again, I'm looking at it through a windshield and binoculars. So I'm removed slightly from the, the actual force of the experience of its eyeballs on me. But if I was standing there just looking at it, I probably would've had a psychedelic experience. I Probably would've tripped out. I probably would've probably would've gone into shock. I saw a grizzly bear once in, in Alberta. I saw one of those. And not even a big one about a six foot grizzly bear. But it looks at you. I've seen black bears before. That was the first grizzly I saw in the wild. And they look right through you. Yeah. That's The, to me. And I've only seen footage of grizzly bears, but every once in a while they have like this crack head look where it's like they're, they're doing that thing where they're looking to see what you got.


Yeah. Like they're just like, what can I take from this? and that You can't do anything to stop them unless you have a gun. Yeah. We had guns luck. Luckily we had shotguns, but we, when we were looking at it, it looked like it's going to eat you. It looks like, am I going to eat you? Like it looked like? Couldn't care less if you live or die. Right. And like just all it's doing All day long is searching for something slow. Something with a limp. Something that fucks up. Something that leaves behind a kid. Something that, you know, a dog's chained up to a tree, whoops. Got one. Right. And that's all it's doing. All day long. And it's just a big monster. And if it didn't exist, if a grizzly bear didn't exist and there was reports of this enormous dog-like creature that eats everything and can kill a moose and lives in the woods, it would be way scarier than Bigfoot.


Yeah, for sure. Well, maybe, maybe not A Kodiak. Yeah, but Kodiak Bear would be scarier than Bigfoot. The worst things can happen than be eaten. Oh. Like the come for me Bigfoot books. Do you know about those books? No. No. I don. Well I I, yeah. Obviously I've heard of them. There's a whole genre. Yeah, well like erotica written about Bigfoot. Yeah. That's not my thing. Well you're a man. It seems to be ladies like the, they like their stuff in WR writing. That's what they like. They like reading their pornography. Yeah. They also like monsters. Yes. Yeah. Werewolves and vampires.


Vampires. They like vampires that fall in love with them. Right. Yeah. She's, he's gonna eat everybody else. So not me. But you can change them. Yeah. You can change them. That's also why some crazy ladies like serial killers. Oh yeah. Yeah. Even serial killers that kill a bunch of women. They write to them like Richard Ramirez, the Night Stalker. Like tons of women were writing to him in jail. Ted Bundy too. Yeah. Strange. I'm a big fan of true crime, so I, you know, I don't, I'm not sexually aroused by it. Well Congratulations. Isn't that, that's a good thing. Yeah. That is A very good thing. Yeah. But there, the thing about predators versus like Bigfoot or any of these things, like there, there seems to be the unknown animals for whatever reason are the ones that are most perplexing to us.


The ones we're most fascinated by like an orca I think is more fascinating than Bigfoot. Like if Bigfoot was just gigantic itus, it was just an enormous orangutan looking creature that lived in the woods and was omnivorous and ate a bunch of stuff and tried to hide from people. It'd be kind of cool. But it wouldn't really be as cool as this insanely intelligent super dolphin that lives in the ocean and you know, has this strong family bond and you know, teach Their different styles of dispatching prey. Yeah. Teach them how to knock over ice shelves to get a seal to slide off. That seal footage is so tragic where it's waving it down if you, yeah, It sucks for the seal. You're Rooting for the seal but You're rooting for him.


But you know, he is doomed. I, I keep wondering 'cause you know how orcas are going after boats now. Yeah. None of them have, of the people that I'm aware of have successfully gotten in the water. So I keep wondering what they would do to the people. I don't think there's any record of them killing human beings other than human beings in like SeaWorld and stuff like that. But that's just, Would there be a record or, It's a good question. There would, if there were survivors and there's a lot of record of shark attacks, obviously. Well Those are don't listen, I don't give any mind to those, the records of shark attacks. Do you know? Well it is so hard to report a shark attack.


So like if I go swimming, right. And, I leave my stuff on the beach. And I, Someone calls the police, they don't, I didn't come home or whatever. Right. And they find me mangled on the beach the next day. I had a cardiac event and then was scavenged by sharks. You think so? I'm Positive that's how the ISAF international shark attack filed. It's, it's very difficult for a shark attack victim to be reported. That's interesting. Do you think They do that so that they discourage people becoming vigilantes and going out and killing sharks? They're, They're trying to make it seem like, I think it's legitimate like a jaws thing.


They want, they don't wanna make it seem dangerous. Right. But they don't want to make it seem like it's a bad place for tourists. Right. I would not go into the ocean where there are sharks. And I know that sounds nuts, but I wouldn't, it's not worth it. My Buddy Duncan was in Hawaii either just after, I can't remember, or just before a guy got killed by a shark at the same resort that he was at. Yeah. Some guy was swimming and a tiger shark just took him out. No, that's the, I'm actually working on a shark attack video now. I was just, there's, there's a lot of untruths people talk about with sharks I think. Or maybe misunderstandings. He just caught a bull shark in Texas. In a river. Yeah. Like real recently. And those are the scary ones. They are.


But Those fuckers are super aggressive and they go into fresh water all the way up to Illinois. They found them in Illinois. Alton. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So you're deep in this. So, so you think it's a Jaws thing so they're just trying to not, what do you think ever happened with that Egyptian one? The Egyptian one's. The craziest one. You ever see that footage with the guys like screaming for his father? Oh my gosh. Yeah. Oh That's brutal. Well 'cause so again, did you know that the shark that did that like paraded the head around? Yeah. Like and it, so that's one of the things that I said is misinformation or I hate that I'm using that word. Yeah. That word's been tainted. Yeah. That word's been tainted but so they say it's like mistaken identity or sharks attack 'cause they're pissed.


That's why they attack. Yes. They're not just hungry. Correct. I that would I mean I can't be certain. But that would be my opinion. 'cause do you remember like when we were, or I remember when I was a kid, I saw all these shark documentaries that they would show like the surfer and then a sea turtle or a sealed side by side. It's like from the bottom. These are, they don't look the same at all. No. And sharks are one big sensory organ. They know and like, you know where they hang out, they hang out at the bottom, they can, and then there's silhouette by light from the top. They can see perfectly. They're in right water all their lives. They're one big sensory organ. They know what they're attacking. And I think they want people outta their water. 'cause that wasn't even a consumption with that guy. With the guy who was yelling Papa.


Yeah. Whatever his name was While stand by Me was saying, playing in the background and That woman, oh my god. Oh my God. It seems like a movie. Yeah, it does. And and then, then yeah 'cause you, you know, the part where it turns him underwater and his legs go up. Yeah. It took off his jaw. 'cause after that it's, well it's, he's, he's gargling. Oh yeah. And Paw Pop's body was reportedly examined by forensic experts at a Morgan, her gata who claimed he was disfigured and with many parts missing, the sharks said to have torn his head off, disfigured his face and separated body parts that were retrieved from the sea.


It's also reported the beast ripped apart his chest and ate parts of his abdomen and hands. See that's not an attempt to predate in my opinion. Interesting. So you think that people get in the way of fish and seals and that's probably what the sharks actually want to eat. Sure. Yeah. And they like these assholes are flopping around and farting in the water and Yeah. Oh And or, or she just had pops nearby if there's anything like that. There was also the story that I read about that particular attack where they were saying that some ranchers had dumped cheap carcasses. Did you hear about that? Yeah. I still don't think that that Sharks know what they're biting.


See? 'cause if a shark bite har bites something hard, it really damages them. They know what they bite before they bite it. Mm. And I, I I I agree that sharks don't see us as food that we sometimes They do if they're desperate. but I do not. I think we're far from ideal. 'cause if they did eat us, they would eat us all the time. Right. All the time. Yeah. So I think 'cause like, you know how great whites in California don't eat people. Right. They only attack people. 'cause we're literally in the surf where seals like to be. So we're in the way. Right. And they know that seals probably don't like to play around where surfers are. Oh. So they're like, oh these things are here and I'm hungry if these things are gone. And they know that if they come up and mangle someone, the rest of people are gonna be gone.


Right. It'll clear the area for a while. Right. Is this your own personal theory? Oh no. There's an amazing channel called sharks happen. Mm. And it's so funny too 'cause the guy, he's not a marine biologist or anything. His, his name is just Hal. He's a machinist in Michigan. And it's so funny 'cause I get, I fundamentally think he knows more about sharks than anyone that I've listened to. And I think it's funny how some guy in Michigan is the, the expert. That is funny. No. Yeah. Like how you getting your information bro? He's good at, he goes back on newspapers and 'cause you know, to him all the marine biologists are just so full of it. And, and there is some of that.


There really is like, 'cause they will skew something so far to, to not blame the sharks. Really? Yeah. Like this kid probably like 20 years ago now, had his leg ripped off by a bull shark, which is terrifying to think 'cause it like clamped onto his calf and then it in shallow water and his leg came off not where it was bit Oh. So it like ripped it off. Oh. And I can't recall his name. But that was not in the shark stats as that was in the shark stats as provoked because the kid was fishing earlier. Oh. So it was like, that's a, that's a provoked attack. And it's like, So phishing is a provoked Attack. Being in being being like a 7-year-old in knee deep water after someone was phishing is a provoked attack.


And then that's crazy. And that's not in the stats the same way. So like, that's not in a shark Attack thing. Oh, interesting. So there's shark attacks where there's no possible evidence of provocation and then provoked shark attacks like Oh you were asking for It. Correct. Wow. Yeah. and that, that's the video I'm working on. I go through all the attacks in 2015 And I say like, okay, these are, I think it was like not, I hope I'm not wrong about this, but like 11 or 12 attacks that they say are legit attacks because they were unprovoked, they were like random attacks. But then I talk about the other like 20 that were provoked attacks. And so when you see shark attack statistics, they only say unprovoked attacks.


Correct. So they're trying to downplay a shark attack Correct numbers. And as I said, there are so many people who like just get found bitten up and like, oh, they drowned and they got scavenged. 'cause sharks are scavengers and sharks don't eat people. That's so crazy. Yeah. That's interesting. I never really thought about that. Yeah. The, the, the, the attacks are very skewed. It's very fascinating to me how our attitude about sharks changed with the whole shark fin soup thing. Like all of a sudden everybody wanted to protect sharks. Like, you shouldn't fish for sharks. Like you shouldn't eat sharks. 'cause you know, mako shark has always been served in restaurants. I've had mako shark a bunch of times in restaurants. It's very good. It tastes like swordfish, but suddenly sharks were supposed to be protected.


Like Jesus, shouldn't we protect the fucking tuna? Like tuna are delicious. They don't kill you. They're majestic amazing creatures. And we've killed like 90% of 'em in the ocean. Yeah. I mean fuck sharks. That's what I think I mean. I love sharks. Me too. But Fuck them. Yeah. I mean they're assholes. Yeah. They, they can go fuck off. There's an area in Key West where people fish off the piers where you have to pull in your fish so fast because the waters are infested with sharks. Well that's a whole problem now with sharks because they're learning, it's easier to pull it off our hooks, you know? Yeah. Which makes sense. Sure. They, so they hang around piers for people to fish. And then when someone catches a big one and it takes a while to get in, they're like, oh, here we go.


Dun dun dun dun dun. It's, there's an incredible video of this guy is pulling in a tuna and as he's pulling in a tuna, this great white cuts the tuna in half. Have you seen that? I have seen that. Yeah. Have, you know, there have been people swallowed alive by great white sharks. Geez, no. Look, they're, they're real. And if they weren't, they would be the craziest monster ever. We have this very bizarre thing with the human mind where we become accustomed to things. you know, we're accustomed to cell phones, show a cell phone to a guy in 14 hundreds. He thinks you're a wizard. you know, and to us it's like, oh, that one sucks. You got a small phone. you know, but there's, there's something bizarre where we get accustomed to these insane creatures like sharks.


I often think that, that, 'cause you know, there's so many creatures right now that I would give anything to be able to see that are, you know, that are extinct. And, but there are probably so many alive right now that if they were extinct, I would wish I could see them. but I take them for granted that they're not extinct. Oh yeah, for sure. The giraffe, I think is one of them. Right. if I saw a giraffe I'd be, or like the, the fossil or skeleton of one, I'd be like, I wonder what that thing looked like. Well, I found out about your page because I saw the video about the 50 foot crocodile in the Congo. And as a person who's, I've always been obsessed with crocodiles. Okay. I, I think they're, you know, one of, one of the coolest animals that ever has existed.


And the fact that they're with us right now, and you get to see this insane creature that can go without eating for a year, lays completely still and six inches of water and that explodes and pulls a zebra into the water. Right. They're just amazing. They're amazing. And they're, they're so fucking big man. Yes. They're so, like that alligator that we have out there that you saw in the lobby, that's a 14 feet. Yeah. That's not even a big, all I mean, it's a big alligator, but it's Not a, it's a big alligator, but it's not a big crocodile. It's a little baby crocodile. It's not a huge alligator. No, no, no. Like what is the biggest alligator they've ever, I think it's 20 feet, Right? 19 9, 19 feet, nine inches. Oh, okay. Where is that A Florida alligator?


I, I wanna say it was Alabama. Really? No shit. Alabama. That's interesting. Yeah. Like it's all up in that whole area. Like Louisiana has a bunch of 'em. Texas has a bunch of 'em. Northern Texas. It started to show alligators. There was a sighting yesterday actually. There was a video that these guys took of these two alligators swimming in a lake in northern Texas. And people were like, what the fuck are they doing up here? They're expanding. When I was a kid, I lived in Gainesville, Florida from when I was 11 till I was 13. And Gainesville had a lot of alligators. It's like where the University of Florida is. And there's a place called God, what is it called?


Lake Alice, I think it is. And that's where the alligators used to be. And I. Remember when I was there, this lady, she got her, her little dog got eaten. She was walking her little dog by the water and just jumped outta the water and snatched her dog. And everybody was freaked out like, what the fuck it ate her dog. Have you seen that footage of the alligator that grabs that woman's dog? And then she tries to go in after it and it gives up the dog and takes her. Yeah. Yeah. That's pretty brutal. Very brutal. Yeah. They target people. Yeah. They don't target people as much as crocodiles do, but they definitely do. They eat people and they're everywhere. Yeah. There's there's so many of 'em in Florida. They're just infested. And they were protected when I was a kid. I know. That's, there's, there's this great clip I found a long time ago online about, it's like from the seventies and it's this woman talking about like how this might be the last alligator we ever see.


'cause like they're trying to make it seem so endangered. And it's like, don don't think so. They thought they were And. I. Wonder why? I wonder why they thought they were And. I. Wonder what kind of an accurate accounting of the animals in the Everglades they had. I don't think we could I mean with poison. We probably could, but I don't think there's any feasible way to exterminate alligators. Even if we tried, which we weren't. Well certainly not. Now I wonder if maybe the ecosystem was better in Czech before people came along. Like, you know, when you think about Florida, so right. Florida I think was the first ever city in the country. Is that correct? I Believe St. Augustine maybe. Yeah, I think you're right.


So that's where, you know, that's where lab CSA Deva landed. He landed in Florida right. As he, when he made his trek across the country. And so it's a long I mean it's, there's hundreds of years of people living there, but cities don't really emerge like that kind of Florida life. When is that? Like, when does Miami emerge? you know, when is, when when do, when do you start seeing cities like the early 19 hundreds? What I mean? No, it's gotta be earlier Than that. Earlier than that. Yeah. Well, it depends. I mean modern. But what does it look like? you know what I'm saying? Like when does it start fucking with the habitat of Oh, of the alligators.


'cause a lot of Miami, they actually filled in, right? Yeah. A lot because They, they gotta drain the swamps. Right. Said The thing legitimately and they had to don don't know how the fuck they even did it. But that's the real concern about if the ocean level rises, like a lot of stuff super porous, it's just gonna flood all that area. Yeah. But I wonder like how much of an impact human beings had. Like maybe there was the Florida panther, there was a lot of d and then also back then there was no snakes. Right. So right now, not no snakes but no pythons. Oh, Burmese pythons. Correct. Yep. Which are invasive, invasive species that apparently there's two sources. One of them is pets and the other one was, there was a research center that got hit by a storm and they, they lost a bunch of pythons, which is kind of hilarious.


And also Nile crocodiles. There's Nile crocodiles in the Everglades Now. Really? I didn't know that. Yeah. There's a breeding population. They think Wow. They think they, well they've, they've already found several and they have shoot on site orders for, for Nile crocodiles. Sure. I've seen reports online, but unreliable guys saying, really? They took our cattle, they're stealing cows. Yeah. I don't know if that's true. Like a 16 foot Nile crocodile stealing cattle could. That's what I was saying. It could, certainly could. but don don't know if they ever got to be that big. And. I do know that two that they captured shared the same genetics. So they, they're from very close genetic line. So they think they were related. This is The first first number I could find about extinction.


Serious threat. Oh, come on. A hundred thousand endocrine disrupting pesticides like DDT. Mm. That kinda makes sense. The Other thing I read was more about hunting for leather. Oh, okay. And meat. Yeah. But it's Up to 5 million now. Oh, that's so crazy. 5 million. They say if there is a pond in Florida, there's likely an alligator around the pond. Sure. Likely more likely than not. There's, there's a, there's a giant reptile that's swimming around in the bottom of that thing and occasionally poking its eyeballs up and then dropping back down. Yeah. There is now because of the pythons, 90 plus percent of all mammals in the Everglades are missing.


Really? Yeah. Wow. Find out what the actual number is. I think it's higher than 90%. I think it might be 99% like the sightings and the accounts of animals and the record of animals. And when they, when wildlife biologists go do a account and they try to like get an accurate assessment of like what the population numbers are, it's down in some preposterous number and then snakes are everywhere. It's the number one place for Burmese pythons on earth. Yeah. Well, is the Everglades invasive species of such an advantage? 'cause no one knows how to deal with them. Yeah. And these fuckers are huge. Yeah. And you see how they're eating alligators now too.


Yes. I mean that would make sense, but I'm sure the plenty of them are getting eaten too. 90% decline of animals in the area due to pythons. Wow. Nuts. Yeah. They're eating alligators. It's like a, a famous photograph of an alligator that's inside a python's body and it burst. Yeah, I have seen that. So it burst out that. Yeah. Isn't that a Cayman though? Do not know. Are there Caymans in the Everglades? No, I'm, I think just the picture I'm thinking of. No, there aren't, but there's a picture I'm thinking There might be actually Cayman an everglade even though they're South American. Yeah, I should an asshole might have let 'em go. I should have said that to me. Not to you. That That, the picture I was thinking of is an an an A Cayman that busted out of an anaconda. Oh, okay. Yeah. I'm sure that happens too.


I think this one is different. This is in the Everglades and it's a python and a smaller alligator. I think it's like a Yeah. Yeah. There it is. Oh no, that's, that's the one I was thinking of though. There's a couple different ones. Unless they're all the same. Oh yeah. I'm sure there's a bunch. There's one up top that's eaten one. Look at that one. The one that the image. Oh, that's a alligator. Eat the python. So they eat each other depending on who's bigger of life. Circle of life. Yeah. Depending on who's bigger. Jesus Christ. Just the idea that that thing could swallow a fucking alligator is so ba just so bizarre. Yeah. That's another animal that if it didn't exist like a crocodile, if it didn't exist, you'd be like, there's, what, what are you talking about?


Like that's, there's a 50 foot giant reptile that's hiding in the water. And if you go out there, it eats you. So I'm also a dinosaur nerd. Mm. And are you familiar with the updated kea? No. So they found this track way of, now we know that they were competent quadrupeds, but this trackway abruptly, So al was a real thing. The giant OSAs Queso. Al is the Aztec God. you know, that's the wing Serpent. I I think that that's where they named the flying reptile off. Oh, okay. I didn't even know that there was an actual dinosaur named Zel Cual.


Well now you're making me nervous. Well, we don't, well the good thing is we have Jamie. No, I'm no expert but I. I remember Zel. Kal was the, this insane Aztec serpent. Okay, here it is. Yeah, look at that thing. So it's a winged reptile like bird. And, but they found this trackway that suddenly became much longer stride, which means it started sprinting. Whoa. If you look up keal compared to a giraffe, they were like sprinting around. So it, they thought forever that they had to jump off something to, to make flight.


But now we know that they were able to go fast enough to make their own flight. So this thing is they're as big as giraffes. They're big as giraffes. They can fly and they're predatory. And It's believed that they're probably the only thing around that would've given tyrannosaurus for xpa. Whoa. In a fight, T-Rex could obviously win, but imagine being able to sprint 'cause that spear would do some damage. Wow. Wow. I didn't know that They called them kozel Kal. Yeah. Wingspan of 40 feet. Yeah. Kozel Kota the largest known animal to take this guy. Few fossilized, but known from only a few fossilized bones from West Texas. Just how mass, how such a massive animal got airborne has been mostly a matter of speculation.


Something it rock forward on its wingtips like a vampire bat, or that it built up speed by running and flapping like an albatross. Or that it didn't fly at all. But according to new research, the mammoth creature probably leaped jumping at least eight feet into the air before lifting off by sweeping its wings. Whoa. Yeah. So imagine like you're driving at that thing in a car. It could take off before you hit it. you know? I don don't know. It's just nuts. Like I'm sure you know about terror birds. Of course. Yes. Yeah. Those are here. Yeah. Right. And don't, didn't they exist? Like what was the most recent, when did, how long ago did Terror birds exist?


They existed with people. No, I don't think so. No. No, I don't believe so. I believe they were like 5 million. I think millions. Yeah. Right. No, yeah. It Says no. It says, didn't they exist with people last, Last sets of terror Birds extinct over 10,000 years ago. Oh. Possible for that one. But this says there's no way humans could have ever met the terror birds. Why is that? Yeah. If it's 10,000 years ago, how could they Say that this says the research regarding the possibility of humans living aside them says that there are no way. So don don't Know. Oh, don don't believe that a Researcher said it. Yeah. You don't know, bitch. There's no way. you know what happened 10,000 years ago if they lived 10,000 years ago and we lived 10,000 years ago. It's open to speculation for sure. It's open.


There's This one says between 53 million and 18,000 years ago. Oh, how weird. A huge window. What a fucking window. Like they don't know. Hey man, you guys need to do some more work. Don't be making me fucking look stupid from a Google search. That's crazy. Yeah. That's such a wide stretch. 53 million to 18,000. Well, if it is 18,000 people were here for sure. I mean they, they found footprints that are, I think they're in the 22,000 years range. Yeah. I thought it went up even more recently than that. I think you're right. Yeah. Yeah. I think you're right. And This is like, what's thrown that Clovis first hypothesis into a, a sort of a tailspin. Yeah.


I I I suspect that there was a lot more civilization than we had know about going on in North America particularly, but everywhere else too. I think you're right. I think you're definitely right. And I. Think a lot of Native American people take offense to the Bearing Strait hypothesis. you know, that people all came over here from Asia into the North American landmass through the, the bearing land bridge. Oh. A lot of Native Americans say that's a crock of shit. Really? Yeah. They think that people were always here. They think people had come from South America. They existed in South America before. They made it up through here, here. That people lived here. and that we really don't have an accurate account.


Like to say that. I think the idea behind it is Native Americans, if they really did come from Asia, well they're just immigrants too. Right. And what they're saying is there's no real evidence of that. And in fact, the evidence of human beings being here is so far back before that, before even the ice age. That, and this is pretty clear with the footprints that they found that there's, that there's other explanations to how humans got here. And perhaps even though the problem is there's no other primates here, right? Like North America. Yeah. The humans didn't, as far as I know, I Don't, didn't evolve here.


No. Right. Because wasn't it only the caucuses in Africa, I believe? Yeah. And then also primates in South America, that, that gets weird. 'cause you have different monkeys that That's a big mystery in my opinion. Yeah. Yeah. I mean right now, the best hypothesis is that primates came over on floating vegetation. What? Well, it made so the distance was less, but not by A lot. Oh, so this is panga at times? No. Oh, it I mean they're still continents. But it was, but I mean as it's like separating. Correct. And don don't know. That seems weird to me. How many monkeys are gonna get on a raft? I mean like if there's a hurricane and it's a, a bunch of 'em. But How many, how? Yeah.


What? That would be nuts. That's Crazy. I think North America only has one primate that was not believe to be invasive, which was Mila DTUs. I think So. All the primates in South America are believed to be invasive. Well, I mean depends on how you define invasive. But for from the old world is what they're called. Old world. Old world versus new world monkeys. Wow. There's so many mysteries, right? Yeah. There's so many mysteries with the, with human beings. Like when they settled here. Have you, are you aware of, there's a guy who's done a lot of research on that wall in Montana. Do you know that wall in Montana? So there's a, there's an ancient wall in Montana that some people have tried to say is a natural rock formation.


And almost anybody looks at it and goes, you're outta your fucking mind. That's 100% placed in stack stones. But the problem is this, this ancient wall. Look at that I mean, shut the fuck up. How is that? Oh yeah. Shut. Just shut the fuck up. Can I see the other, the original picture, Jamie? That one we're Yeah, I mean shut the fuck up. Someone stacked that for sure. It's in a, a straight line. They're stacked on top of each other. They form fit together. They're, they're placed, you know, at the same height they're Carved and transported. Yeah. Something was going on. Right. So some ancient ancient civilization had this and And I think it's several football fields.


Long. I think it's really long like I think what they, what they've discovered versus how much more of it could be. Because also a lot of it is covered in dirt. And if it, this thing is, you know, 25, 30,000 years old, who knows how long it is, how long it's been there. Like who knows how deep it even goes. The sage wall, that's what it is. Wow. So what is that all about? Like that was on private land and apparently originally it was covered in trees and, and they'd cleared the area. Sure. And, and so initially people were thinking that it was some sort of a natural formation, but then as they cleared the area, they're like, wait a minute. Yeah. What is this?


So no explanation, no civilization tied to that area, especially one that's capable of moving monolithic stones. But that 1996, they found it. Yeah. While hiking around the property. One day we discovered the sage wall. The wall is 275 feet long and 24 feet high. A jaw dropping Marvel. In order to make these bolder areas more accessible and highlight their beauty, we created a moderate two trail, two mile trail system. Additional features of the trail include 400 year old Douglas fir trees. The spectacular views of the Ruby Valley 20 miles away and the Highland mountain range sitting at 10,000 feet in elevation. So this is a This is like high elevation covered in trees on a piece of private land that these people just hadn't noticed that they had this thing on there.


you know, it's probably some massive ranch right. In Montana. And then like, okay, what's, what's this? No explanations, right? No one knows what it is. And I love how people try to write things like that off. Oh, That's just a Natural formation. Well, fuck you. It is. Right. You, you know, it's not, I know you don't have an explanation and this throws your whole understanding of human civilization in North America into the garbage pen. It really does throw it in the garbage bin because like, what do you, what what happened? Right? What was going on there? It was his vikings who fucking did this? Who did it? And when, Well, I think a lot of people make the mistake of thinking of Native Americans as like one group, right? Like people, I'm sure different groups came over many times and probably a lot longer than 20,000 years ago there before 20,000 years ago.


Well, we're not exactly sure when people started traveling across the oceans. Like when did the Polynesians make it to Hawaii? I don't know. We really don't know. No, it's just guessing, you know, it's kind of guessing. What, what is the, do they have any sort of carbon dating on any of the material that's related to that stone wall where they have some sort of a rough estimation of its construction time? Look up More on, I was just trying to figure out where it was. But you know, just that one, one of the things that's interesting about the Bigfoot thing is that for whatever reason, native American tribes don't have a bunch of fake animals.


Right. They don't have a bunch of, you know, they don't have dragons and werewolves and shit. But They do have Bigfoot in not just one tribe, but many, many, many tribes has a story of this, this sort of man that lives in the woods. Right. Which makes you wonder. It sure does. Yeah. Like I said, there's, excuse me, there's way too much going on here. That to me, because it's so easy to laugh at like, how long have we been here Europeans, you know? Right. And how long have we had the equipment to even find it? And. I do think that if it is real, which is a big, if I do think it's being suppressed, Really I do.


So so The government's hiding Bigfoot. Yeah. Really? Would that surprise you? Yeah, It would. Yeah. I think, I think they're too stupid to hide Bigfoot. They're too stupid to do it. Well, which is why so many people believe in Bigfoot. Why Would, why would the government hide Bigfoot? What would be the motivation if you were the government and you found Bigfoot and you know, you know what? We gotta keep this from people. I think there might be something about them that, well, I th I, for the same reason I think the wall is collapsing with UFO disclosure. I think they, people only recently are starting to believe that people can handle things.


Or the government is only recently starting to believe that people can handle things. That's why you think UFO disclosure is going on? Well that and they can't contain it anymore. I don't share that opinion really? Yeah. I think they're covering for some very sophisticated drone technology. That's what I think. I think. Oh really? Yeah. Either. Well That's boring. Maybe. but I think it doesn't exclude UFOs. No, this is my, my perspective. This is, and again, I'm not married to this at all. This is just something that I have in my head. but I believe that human beings right now are capable of propulsions.


We, we, I think we have drones that operate on a completely different propulsion system than standard. you know, rocket fuel push, you know, fire pushes out the back and the thing goes forward very fast. Like a jet engine. Bob Azar shit. Yeah. Bob Azar shit. Exactly. I think they have that And I think they've figured out a way to engineer that. The question is where they get it. Right. And that's where I think UFOs come into play. So like you think that what was seen by the Nimitz is all ours. It could be because it's where it would be. But then Why would they disclose themselves? Well, I think they found it and they reported it and they did what they had to do and they didn't really talk about it publicly for many years later. you know, there wasn't a big news story.


I mean when they commander David Fravor, when I spoke to him, and it was a, first of all, the guy is as rock solid, a military man as you're ever gonna talk to. Sure. Just by the book Disciplined Fighter pilot. They, those guys are like detail oriented. They don't fuck around. This guy's not making up stories about other shit. And when he describes this thing and what they saw, and then there's multiple pilots that see it, and then there's a visual, they have video of this thing moving off at the same rate of speed. They have radar imagery that shows it goes from above 50,000 feet above sea level to like 50 in a second.


They don't know how the fuck it did it. It goes to their cat point. So it leaves them once they see it, and it jets off to this point, this predetermined coordinate where they were supposed to meet up as a part of their training run. So how the fuck does it know their cat point? Like what is and where it is? Right. It's off the coast of San Diego, San Diego's big military area. Right. And it's where They do testing and it's where they were doing the training runs with those jets. That's why they saw it in the first place. if I was going to have a thing, And I was going to test it, And I was going to test it. I would want to know like, what can we, how much do our equipment show?


What does our equipment show? Can we see these things? You know, Ryan Graves, who's another very reputable fighter jet pilot, he had his encounters when they upgraded their technology in 2014. So they upgraded the, all the sensors that allow them to detect things in the sky. And when they did that, he started seeing these things. They're dead still at 120 knots. Makes no sense. Right. They started seeing these things. I always fuck this up. Is it a, it's a, it's a cube in a circle, right? Yes. Right. So it's a black cube inside some sort of a translucent circle that multiple fighter pilots have reported.


Yeah. And the idea of some sort of gravity distorting thing, one of the, one of the features of that they think would be, it would look very strange. Like it would look very strange to you, like what you see. And if we have some sort of a Dr. Gravity distorting drone that operates on a gravity propulsion system, like somehow, somehow manipulates gravity so it can move at insane rates of speed. I think that's where I would test it. I would test it where the military guys are, I've tested in restricted airspace. I would test it in place. And. I would say, okay, let's find out if these guys can see it. Now we, now we have new equipment, put the new equipment in their jets. Let's see if they could see these things.


The concerning thing about that is if it was done by our own government, I worry that they're trying to set up for a false flag. Like a false UFO flag. Yeah. Like if An alien invasion to lock down our rights I mean if they could stage it. Sure. Because I mean with what you're describing, no one would assume that that's human. Right. No one and no one. Except for people that have followed the Bob Bazaar story. Yeah. Because if they were back engineering that thing in 1989, as Bob says, that's True. It's a long time ago. It's A long time ago. you know, that is, that's a long time. And for them to have 35 plus years of working on that.


So you gotta go back to how long did they have it? He said they've had it for decades. So back but I think what he was saying back then was they really weren't making any progress. They were trying to figure it out. And they kept bringing in new people to try to have fresh eyes. Right. And that's why they brought him in. But they really don't fucking know. They, he said they, they didn't understand how it worked. They, and they were trying to get some sort of a working model of it, but they were able to operate it. And that's what he was able to observe. and that was one of the reasons got why he got in trouble, allegedly. Where when he got fired, he brought people, they said, listen, I'm not crazy. Lemme show you. They have fucking UFOs. I'm gonna show you this thing. Right. He brought the people. Yeah. He brought people.


And those people all said the same thing. They all saw, and people have filmed it too. They actually had to increase the restricted space around area 51 because people were going to a very particular vantage point. And they were filming some of these things. So this footage of these bizarre crafts that seem to be moving through the sky in a way that no conventional aircraft can do. We don't really know what they are. And we we're assuming there's some kind of a drone or something. but I think if you go to 1989 and they have those things, and then if you have all the money in the world, which they essentially do, they could print money. Right. You have black ops projects, you have things that we, you know, because of national security interests, we have no idea what they're doing or how they're doing it.


And then you get some of the best physicists in the world, some of the best propulsions experts in the world, and you throw an ungodly amount of money at this problem every year for 30 plus years. Then you develop these things. And I think that's one of the reasons why they would probably keep it secret. Because I would imagine that money was moved around and in probably an illegal way. Yeah. I mean there's, without congressional oversight, there's no legal way to Do it. Exactly. Right. So if these guys were doing that and they were funding this secret military project that they kept from Congress, they kept from I.


mean, who knows who's qualified to be able to see these things. But if I had something like that, I would, that's the best cover story in the world. We have observed crafts that are not from this world. Yeah. Like, oh, that explains everything. That's insufficient to me. Mm. To me too. Yeah. But it's fun. It is Fun. Both of them are fun. And, I. Think both of them. Listen, the universe is fucking huge. We exist. We send things to other planets. There is a rover right now on Mars. Right. We send James Webb telescope into space. We send rockets. We do that. We do that. We would assume an advanced civilization would do that as well. Of course.


And we would assume that if an advanced civilization was interested in studying something, we are some of the most fascinating creatures that have ever existed, in our least is our understanding on earth we're the most fascinating by far as weird as sharks are. And all this other stuff is, we're the fucking weirdest. We're the weirdest and we're the craziest to, to study. Right. And we're intelligent and also stupid. you know, we're, we're capable of great things and also terrible things like we're a very, very, very bizarre creature. And I think I would most certainly study us. Have you ever thought that maybe we were created by their specifications All the Time. Me too. Yeah. All the time. Yeah.


That's the big mystery of the human brain size. Right? That human brain size doubled over a period of 2 million years. And there's a lot of cool, like my favorite story is Terrence McKenna. He had this theory, it's called the Stoned Ape Theory, and it's about psilocybin. and that these chimpanzees and lower primates started experimenting with psilocybin. And then over the course of a couple of million years, they develop language, they develop disability to hunt better fashion tools, more creativity, gloss attaching sounds to objects. and that makes sense. Some sort of telepathy, increased visual acuity that does come from low dose psilocybin use.


and that, that's, that seems to me like that makes a lot of sense. 'cause it coincides with climate change. When McKenna did this whole theory about it, one of the things he talked about is that the exact time that the rainforest recede into grasslands because of this change in the climate, right. Is the time where these animals emerge, start walking on two legs and then start eating mushrooms he thinks, and then 2 million years later become people. Okay. Yeah. That's an interesting one. But the most interesting one is they came here, they saw us. We were like Australia pacificus or some hairy creature that was kind of primate.


Like maybe we even started using tools. And they said, well, let's fuck with that DNA, let's make a, let's make a Labradoodle. Yeah. I, I don't think people think big enough in regards to that kind of thing. 'cause like if we had the technology to do what allegedly the aliens, alleged aliens do, we would be doing all sorts of crazy stuff all The time. 100%. And And I don't Know. If we could in introduce intelligent life into a planet, if there was life on a planet and we could introduce our DNA into these lower primates and make them more like us, you don't think we would do it? Yes.


100%. Right? Yeah, for sure. Yeah. I mean we monkey with all kinds of things all the time. We're always messing around with creatures. DNA I mean. There's a story that we talked about recently during World War I in Russia, where Russia was experimenting with hybridizing human beings and chimpanzees for Soldiers Orangutans too. Yes. Didn't they? Ugh. They, they got, they they moved, they switched brains with an orangutan and a human And I guess the, the, the human with the orangutan brain never regained consciousness, but evidently the human brain and the orangutan did regain consciousness. Really? Yeah. How did They do that?


don Don't know, but there's, I only know this from a monster quest though, Is that real monster quest might be a little full of shit. Although Monster Quest did bust one of the dumbest things that I used to believe the dumbest flying rods. It was just the moths. Yeah. It's just a visual artifact of cameras. Sure. Yeah. Where the video cameras, well, they catch these things moving fast, close up and it leaves a trail. And so there was this famous group of people that thought that there was these things that were flying around faster than we can see, and that they were some sort of aliens that were amongst us.


That's orbs and ghost hunting to me. Mm. Ghost is an interesting one. What do you think about ghosts? I would be very well don don't know. It's a tough one. you know what I think? What do you think? You hear 'em from every culture. That's what gives me pause. This is not like something that's only with like Europeans and Christians and people that have a specific religious ideology. This seems to be in almost every culture, there's this concept of, of dead people that return Right. In some sort of a mysterious form.


I mean it's would be silly for a bigfoot person to say this, but that that could be part of the human condition. you know, certainly just no one wants to think that this is the end And don don't think this is the end. but I do think ghosts are I mean? Why wouldn't a ghost be like, hello? Because I think it's a memory. Sure. I think when extreme things happen, you know, when we're talking about the levels of reality being somewhat permeable under extreme situations, what is a more extreme than like a murder or a massacre? And those are the places where people tend to see ghosts. These horrific, I think, I think the earth has a memory.


And, I think occasionally under the right circumstances with the right amount of anxiety, the the right amount of distractions and the heightened sense that you get from being in the dark and being afraid. Right. You can access these memories. That's what I believe. Yeah. I see. But I mean the opposite argument to that is pretty obvious. It's like just because your anxiety's up and because all those factors and because you know what's happened there, you're more jumpy For sure. And you see things that aren't there. Right. But that does. But if you see something that's not there, does it really mean it's not there? It doesn't necessarily. Right. No. I've always thought that. 'cause it's like if I I say, I saw a ghost And, I actually didn't see it, but in my brain I did.


Like, isn't that seeing a ghost? Right? Right. That's the argument that a lot of people have in terms of psychedelics. Like psychedelics, you contact God and you have this extreme spiritual experience where you're in contact with this all knowing entity and people say, oh, that's a hallucination. Okay. But it's the same experience as if you actually did contact God. Right? Like whatever that thing is that you encounter in the psychedelic realm, let's say that that is a figment of your imagination. I'm willing to say that. But whatever that figment of your imagination creates, it creates the exact same experience as if you encountered some other extremely potent life form that exists in some strange, some strange form.


That it's not tangible. It's not like, it doesn't, doesn't register with you as something that it's not a normal, it's not like a, a mug of water. you know? It's a thing that doesn't exist in your reality and it's communicating with you. It's exactly the same experience as if it's an imaginary thing or if it's a real thing. Right. The experience is the same. I think that's what happens with people with the ghost thing. There's too many stories. There's too many stories of ghosts from rational people. And one of the places that has a crazy history of ghosts is the comedy store. I used to try to see ghosts at the comedy store. I would stay there late at night when everyone was gone.


I'd like sit in the, the main room and just hope that a ghost would show up. Nothing ever did. But maybe as I was too needy, maybe I was too, try hard. But there's something about an, like that club itself was Cyros nightclub. So that club was owned by Bugsy Siegel in, you know, in the gangster era of Los Angeles. And for sure people were murdered there. Like for fucking sure. Right? I mean those guys were killing people left and right. And if there's ever gonna be a place where you're gonna see the memory of some horrific experience that expresses itself in some sort of a spiritual form, some sort of a ghost-like rathe type form, that's the place.


And you didn't see anything. I didn't, but many people I know have, many people I know have seen people walk through doors and they go into and it's in an empty room, like, who's that fucking guy? And they'll see it like at the end of a dark hallway, and then they open the door to the room, the room's completely empty. Yeah. Yeah. There's been a bunch of stories, a bunch of stories at the comedy store from really like reputable people, people that I know that, that aren't drunks normal folks. And they tell you and they, they look fucking terrified. And no one wants to believe them. There's a guy named Carl Lebo. Carl Lebo was a great comic who used to, he used to tour around with Sam Kinison and he got kicked out of his house, and I guess he was staying with his girlfriend and you know, he was trying to make it as a comic and comics in the beginning, they make no money, of course, a lot of 'em sleep in their cars.


Like my friend Tony slept in his car. Like a lot of his, they're just, they have a dream. It's Not like YouTubing. It is, except YouTubing has a more direct path to success with the YouTube. All you have to do is be, you have this platform that is like the biggest video platform on earth and it's available to everybody. Right. As much as people complain about YouTube, I think YouTube is fucking amazing. I agree. And I think the real problems with YouTube is advertising revenue and managing at scale, and then woke ideological crackheads that are running the helm. Which is real too, right? People are banning people for specific content that's completely legal.


But outside of that, you have a path. If you get a video and it's like your video, you're here because I saw your crocodile video and then bam. Like, I wanna talk to that guy. Why are you doing that? you know? I can't believe that's the video that you saw. Oh yeah, man, that's how you get me folks. No. Get me with a giant reptile video. There was no 50 foot crocodile. You don't Think so? No. do, do you? Yeah. Oh real. Yeah, I do. Yeah. Head transplant has been successfully done on a monkey maverick neurosurg. Oh, this is a head transplant. Yeah, I've heard of that. So yeah, it wasn't a brain. I watched the, I went back through the monster, the monster Quest episode. The, So the one about the Soviet Union. Yeah. They were talking about a supposedly successful test where they transplanted a head from a monkey onto another monkey.


And it, according to the doctor, regained consciousness. So they said it was, excuse me, a success. So it wasn't, they didn't say you, it Died nine days later and it was paralyzed the whole time. Oh Yeah. It, it has to be paralyzed. Right, because you can't reattach the spinal cord yet. Oh, that's so cruel. They had This one Oh, super cruel. This one, which is they're saying successful happened somewhere else and they killed it 20 hours later. But they said it, lemme look at the picture. It's crazy. Ugh. Oh, This guy also, I found another picture. He put a, a rats or a mouse head on the back of a rat. And, I think it was staying alive. He's trying to figure out how to do head transplants and he's testing it on all sorts of other stuff. Yo Crazy Jurassic Park comes to mind.


Yeah. Oh yeah. Just because We can, should we I mean Think about like, then there will be a black market for like bodybuilders. Like if I was some rich guy, I would pay money to like have my head put onto a nice body. Right. To kidnap a bodybuilder, snatch up his body. I mean I wouldn't, but you know what I'm Saying. Right. But if you're like, bill Gates, right? I'm tired of being a pregnant man. I wanna, I want get a, a body of some super jacked fitness influencer on Instagram. you Know? Or what if it was like a closet full of clothes only bodies? And it's like, what do I want to do today? Right. Well, one day that's probably going to be the reality when they have synthetic bodies, when they're, the idea that we can't create a synthetic body, to me seems kind of silly because we've already created bladders.


They've used stem cells to recreate a woman's bladder. Oh yeah. They took her own stem cells from her skin and constructed a bladder for her and then installed it inside of her body. Okay. I think she had bladder cancer or something like that. They had to remove her bladder, so they built her a bladder. That's nice. Yeah. Pretty sweet. Yeah. Right. It's also your own stem cells, so your body's not gonna reject it. And you know, they're looking at animals that regenerate. Like there's certain reptiles that, you know, amphibians, they chop their legs off, they grow new legs, lobsters, lot of, a lot of animals do that. And so they're trying to figure out like, what is that gene and how do we, how can we switch that on, on people? So like people that have had their legs amputated, grow their legs back, which fucking crazy.


Yeah. Yeah. I think that's coming. They were about To do it to a guy in Russia, but he backed out after he got married and had a kid. Oh. Oh, Good for him. They Apparently had done it to corpses successfully. They say corpses and they were gonna, this guy was down to do it. Well, makes sense. I mean, even though he is paralyzed, he has another option. you know that with, with Neuralink and a lot of these new technologies, they think that they're gonna be able to send signals to your limbs and allow your limbs to bypass the severed spinal cord. Sure. Which is That's amazing. All of it's crazy. Yeah. But when you talk about Jurassic Park, are you aware of the Mammoth project?


Yeah. Did they, did they manage to get the DNA? Yes. Okay. They're growing a mammoth. Like it's actually happening. And when it does happen, we're gonna, oh, is this the Japanese one? We have to figure out a way to visit it. No, these are American people. Oh, okay. I believe so. I haven't met the guys yet. don don't know their nationality, I'm assuming, but they're outta Dallas, right? Oh, Thought it was New York, but I Dunno. I think the thing was in New York. Oh, okay. Whatever. Whatever they're doing, they're gonna bring back a mammoth. That's cool. It's wild. You know, I would love to see a mammoth, But where do they, how far do you go with that's, do you bring back a saber tooth cat? What about an American lion, which is, you know, big as a fucking horse.


Yeah. North American lion people, a lot of people don't know is larger than the lions that are in Africa. Yeah. They're That two thirds larger Crazy. Yeah. That's, And that was right here. Yeah, that was right here. I have a don don't know if you know this, but my, I did a, a video on the lines of svo. Oh, I haven't seen that. Yeah. And then that's the video that, the first video of mine that ever got traction of any kind. That's the ghost in the Darkness story. Yep. Ghost and The Darkness. I thought it was ghosts in the Darkness for the last time. It's not. But then I did a second video where the lions were so badass that they died and went to hell and were really nasty in hell and got kicked out of hell and were plopped out in dinosaur times.


Oh. And then the video's about the lions of SVO fighting a pack of ticus. Ha. Yeah. And the lions lost. But in reality, I think lines would beat the dy would beat a bunch of ticus. Who knows? you know? But I mean that sounds like something the Romans probably would've put together when they were doing those coliseum fights. Yeah. But what, but this speaks to is what we were talking about earlier, like that what happened to create human beings and what would we do if we could do those things? Well, we're showing what we would do. We're we're, we're taking people's heads off, putting 'em in other bodies. We're taking monkey's heads off.


We're putting a, a rat's head on the back of a mouse. Like we're doing all kinds of bizarre experiments. And if they knew how to do it, instead of like, we're kind of at the rudimentary stages of this kind of stuff, if they knew how to successfully implant their genetic material and hyper advance a lower primate and make it in a short period of time much smarter than any other primate on earth, which is what we are. Right. We're so different than everything else that's remotely related to us. The idea that somehow or another we exist in this form. And our ancient ancestors exist in the same form.


Like the really ancient ancestors. We, we, we branched off of a a we're like a cousin of a chimpanzee. Yeah. And we, we share a lot of their traits. Yeah. They never found our chimpanzee level ancestor. Right. Because it's on a fucking spaceship somewhere, bro. Would is it, would that be surprising? No, it would be. Sure. Yeah. It'd be crazy. I Wouldn't be surprised by that at all. I wouldn't be like, I can't believe this. I wouldn't say that. Yeah. I would say, wow. So that's what it was. So that's why we're so different. Well, I was having a conversation with a woman yesterday, Sarah Amari Walker, who is a scientist, a a physicist, and she was talking about this thing called assembly theory and what she was talking about.


Did I say her last name? Right? Yeah. Walker. What she was talking about was like, what are the actual steps that are necessary in order for life to, to create, to be created and evolve? And if you think about human beings, we're the one animal on this planet that seems to have the same sort of impact as invasive species do. Sure. We are, we're we swarmed the whole planet. We're fucking up everything. And there's no answer to us. Ah. See, but do you think humanity's something that needs an answer? Well, there's no answer to us naturally. Right. Like, there's nothing that keeps our population in check other than disease. No. Normal population control.


Like do so while the left is talking about, you know, humanity, population going outta control, like our population's crashing. Sure. Right. You know, what is it? Asia crashed. Europe and America are crashing now. India's next to crash and Africa's the only one left to boom. Right. In terms of like Japan, like the children that are alive today, how many of them will ever have grandchildren? Sure. It's a very small percentage. Yeah, that's true. Elon talks about that all the time. Yeah. I mean Because like you, you can look at, You have more kids, You can look at the charts like it's very clear, you know? Right. But don't you think so this is nature's balancing act. Right? It has to happen. It's not, it's not a matter of like, it's going to it, it has to, those are the rules.


I think nature probably balanced us out when we develop cities. Right. Because what's the byproduct of cities? One of the byproducts of cities is, is expensive to live there. So a lot of times women get jobs and women don't wanna give up their career to have a family. So they hold it off until much later. And if they have a child at all, they have less kids than people who start having kids when they're 18 or 20. Right. And so this is sort of a function of having these extremely dense environments where people are stacked up with each other and then competition inside that city-like structure is intense and financial competition is intense and women engage in it as well.


And it lowers the population that happens to almost all westernized societies, first world societies, they experience a drop in birth rate. Right. And it seems like that would be a natural feature of like high population areas. 'cause it doesn't even matter what it is like for a deer. It's just the availability of grass. Right. you know, so I, I find it fascinating to think that humans are not, we're very different from animals, but the rules still apply to us. Right. You know, but we are animals for sure. Yeah. But we also are invasive if a pig, if a wild pig is invasive anywhere on earth. Yeah. That's that's true. Then we're invasive because we weren't there.


And then they were there and then we took over. Yeah, that's True. And we're so different than every other animal in how much different we look from each other. you know what the wide variety of sizes we have of people. Yeah. you know, it's just, it seems to me like I've thought about that before though. Like, what if seven gorillas that look exactly the same to us are all like hyper? Like what if Yeah. Like, they might all look really differentiated to themselves. I doubt it. They look like gorillas. Yeah. I mean just like, look at what we see. It's a gorilla. But when you look at human beings, we're like dogs. Yeah. We vary. Like, like there's Carl over there and then there's my dog, Marshall Marshall's, a golden Retriever Marshall.


If Carl was a girl or if Marshall was a boy, a girl, they could have a baby. Those two sort of like, can he breed with someone? Well, I mean we can find out. We can find out. He tries to fuck. We Can contest it. He tries, if Marshall was a girl, he'd try to hump him. Marshall just gives up sometimes. And Carl is just biting on his face while he is lying on his back. Well, he just gets tired of this little psychopath. But the point is like, they're the same species. They're just a weird breed of that species. But they are the same thing. Like you could take a wolf and you could breed it with a dog. you know, they all started off as wolves.


Right. And we manipulated them to the point where we have this incredible variety of shapes and sizes through manipulation. Sure. And that's what people look like. I mean that manipulation could be environmental. Like the reason why people that move to Northern Europe develop very pale skin because they, their body has to act as sort of like, like like a solar reflector to create vitamin D. 'cause you don't get it like the way you would get it in Africa where we originally started. So we're, we're kind of like a manipulated animal in that regard, at least our appearance. and that would make sense if somebody fucked with us. Especially if they made a bunch of different kinds. Right.


you know, you know, like initially, like the, the thought is the, the fun stuff is the Anunnaki. Right. That's the fun one. Sure. But the Anunnaki came here and they manipulated with humans. Then you look at the Sumerian tablets and you see the images of a, the, the giant Anunnaki guy who was the monkey person sitting on his lap with a tail. Have you ever seen that one? You never Saw that? No. Dude. It's like a 5,000 year old tablet of this guy who is this enormous person with this beautiful like garb on. And he's got this person sitting on his lap. This small person with a tail.


What? Yeah. Oh my goodness. Oh, Dude. The, have you studied any of the ancient Sumerian tablets at all? Honestly, that stuff, I'm like saving that for a rainy Day. Get into it. Yeah. Get into it. 'cause the, the whole zacharia sitin version of the Sumerian text is really, really interesting stuff. Is That like No, that wouldn't be where the Nephilim come in. Yes. Yeah, It is. Yeah. Yeah. That's the ver their version of the Nephilim is the Anki, the, the, oh, okay. Nephilim is those from heaven to earth came Nephilim were supposed to be giants. Right, right. This is the Anki. They're, they're much larger than human beings. And they did something according to the Sumerian text as translated by Zechariah Hitchen.


Okay. And this is why the symbol for medicine was always that serpent conduc. Yeah. The, the two serpents. Right. That looks like a double helix. DNA. Oh, that's exactly what it looks like. I know. And he, that's the connection that he makes with all this stuff. And a lot of people disagree with him. I should just point out, if you're interested in this stuff, there's a whole website called sitin is wrong.com. And I've, I've read that too. And it's in And I. I appreciate when people have varying opinions. Right. But there's, there's something about sitin stuff that is very compelling to me. And one of the big reasons is there's a lot of mysteries about the understanding that, that the Sumerians had that sort of defies conventional logic.


Like they had a detailed map of the solar system in, you know, 6,000 years ago in these clay tablets. So they have the sun and the center, and then they have all of our planets in the proper order, and the proper, not the exact size, but this one's bigger than that one. That one's bigger than this one. And it's depicted on a clay tablet. And you look at it and you're like, okay, what the fuck is that? But Would you, would you really need an adv? Well, yeah, you would. Oh, you would? Yeah. Okay. You, you need a telescope. There's no other way. Like there's no way with the human eye you're gonna see Uranus. You, you don't see it. There's no way you see Pluto. You don't see them. I mean they Okay. You're not gonna see it. They saw it, you know, they, they had like show the find the monkey one first.


I was Did you find it? I was looking For, I'm not exactly sure what I was looking for for that one. Sumerian tablet Nuki with monkey person on his lap. Kind of what I had in, but it didn't, I wasn't getting what I thought you wanted. So, Well, I know you can find the solar system one. So find that one quick just so I could show it to him. So this is a giant mystery as to what, what this meant and how they knew this. So This is like in between two photos of these anoc or two images of these AKIs. So it has the sun and it has all of our planets and it has all of our planets in not in the correct size, obviously, because Jupiter's so much larger than Earth and Right.


But in this one's bigger than that one. That one's bigger than this one. It's like, like a visual representation as much as you can in a small area like that. But some of their tablets were just absolutely fascinating. Not that No, but how cool is that though? I know. So these people were writing about the story of humanity and they're writing it down on these clay tablets and it, it seems to be some bizarre story of visitors. A lot of 'em have wings. Like that one that shows the eagle.


Sure. Like what's that all about? Who's that fucking guy? Rah. I think. Yeah. But also, wouldn't that represent some sort of spaceship, like something that can actually fly if you, the only thing that you saw that could fly were birds. Right. And you were trying to represent something as something that flies you would, you Know. Yeah. Didn't in the Bible, the, the Jewish Bible, the Talmud cloud Cloud get translated to, oh no, what was it? The shield got translated to cloud with the pill. With the pillar of fire. Mm. I believe there that, that led the Israelites outta the desert, wasn't it? Something like that.


Oh no, but that makes sense. I Could have, I said I wasn't gonna talk about anything that I wasn't sure about. No, that's what this show's all about. Yeah. Just being full of it. I could have swore that it was like, there was a, in the Bible it says the pillar of fire and a cloud, and that's what the Israelites followed out of the desert. Mm. It could be, I've read that the more pragmatic translation is actually shield and it wasn't cloud. Huh? Here it is. The pillars said to have guided the Israelites through the desert during the exodus from Egypt. The pillar of cloud provided a visible God for the Israelites during the day while the pillar of fire lit their way by night. Yeah. So evidently it wasn't a cloud, but a shield and like what would a shield look like?


Hmm. Like that we would call that a saucer. Right. Huh. Well then there's the Ezekiel story in the Bible, which seems very much like some sort of a UFO encounter. Like what you, the way you would describe a UFO encounter, if there's nothing that flew and you didn't understand what advanced technology would be if you saw it, the vimana and the ancient Hindu text I mean, there's just so many. There's so much of it. Yeah. There's so much of that stuff. And again, if life is out there everywhere in the universe, it kind of makes sense that someone would visit us as we're emerging, as life is becoming more and more intelligent over the course of millions and millions of years.


And they find this one particular animal that's very similar to what they used to be at one point in time, and they just say, eh, let's speed this along. Yeah. I think we would do that. I I, I know we would, if We found a plant filled with monkeys, you don't think we'd take a few of them and shoot our stuff into it? I'm like, let's see, let's Just, it'll be fun. It might also be a feature of the universe that that's what intelligent life ultimately does. Which is why we want a monkey around with these monkeys in the first place and take their heads and putting on other bodies. Yeah. So I, I think that different planets in order to meet the requirements of life would actually be quite similar. That's just a theory I have or not. It's, this is it's a common theory.


Well, yeah. Yeah. Because it's like, so people say like, why are aliens like carbon life forms? Like well that's what's, that's what works. Right. Right. you Know, because they could be anything. Not only that, that's ubiquitous. Right. Right. Like bursting stars create carbon. This is carbon based. Life exists here. Why wouldn't it exist everywhere else where there's stars everywhere else? Right. It seems to be that like the, we don't find solar systems that have something completely different than a planet. you know, everything that we found outside of our solar systems seems to behave in a similar manner. We look at galaxies, they seem to behave in a similar manner. They seem to look similar. They're, they're of different sizes and, and the like, but they're, they're pretty similar.


Right. They're these circular spiral things. It makes sense that if that exists everywhere, probably carbon based life exists everywhere too. It's probably a feature of these solar systems. Correct. That's what I would say too. Yeah. And then there's probably like, if you are growing a garden in your backyard, you know, when you planted the tomatoes, you got like a little thing on it. 7 22 planted tomatoes, you know? Yeah. So then you check on 'em and then other tomatoes you planted like a couple of weeks later, like, oh, those won't be doing time. So if you were planting humans on a planet, you'd go, well they need a couple million years before they get their shit together. But they've started to develop nuclear bombs. So it's, And that's why they hang out over nuke bases.


Yeah. Or they're foreign governments showing us that they have advanced technology and they can hover over our nuclear basis. I think there's some of that going on too. Yeah. But there's so many like, oh, that fellow who, I can't recall his name, but he's like the most popular video on, on Greer's channel. Richard Greer. Stephen Greer. Steven Greer. Yeah. He was like the guy who would discredit you if you saw a UFO. He told a story about how Alan Hopkins, is that what you're Talking about? I believe so. From Project Blue Book? Yes. Yeah.


Well actually don don't know. Well Alan Hopkins was the guy who was hired to debunk UFO Sights. No, it's not him. He was, and then he later became a believer. So he studied, he, he worked for PRI project Blue Book for a couple decades and was sent out to like, oh we saw this. And he was ah, swamp cast. And then after the, his career is over, then he came public with everything. Yeah. Started saying, I think UFOs are real. I think we really are being visited. Yeah. Well, J Allen Hynek. Hynek. Hynek. Yeah. Yeah. What did I say? Hopkins. Oh, different. No, J Allen Hynek. I was not thinking of Hynek. It's this guy was like a south admitted deep state stooge.


Oh. Like he was the type of guy that would go out and discredit you if you saw something. Oh, he would discredit you personally? Yes. Okay. So he would turn you into a Fool. Right. So if you went to Steven Greer's channel and looked at the most popular video on it, you would find it. But he talks for like two hours about everything he knows. And it's nuts. Really? Absolutely bonkers. Find that guy. I'm looking And I. Really? I believe him. You believe him. You wanna believe him. Right. This stuff seems so much more likely than the alternative, which is nothing. Oh, that there's no life out there. Yeah. And it's not even, 'cause we don't even know what they are. I mean. I'm not even saying they're extraterrestrials really. Not only that, but so much more likely that they would wanna visit us.


Oh, I mean. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. So let's get back to the crocodile. How come you don't believe? Why would you believe I mean Why 50 foot crocodile? Sure. They just keep Getting bigger. They don't though. How, how big do they get? I don't know. Crocodiles. Right. So here's the thing. What we know about crocodiles now are crocodiles after guns. Okay. So guns change everything. So that alligator out there that you saw our lobby that's 80 years old. Yeah. 80 years old. And a gun killed that alligator. So guns get introduced in the 18 hundreds and then explorers start going through the Congo and the 18 hundreds and they start shooting crocodiles.


They shoot a lot of crocodiles in front. In fact, a friend of mine actually got hired to go to the Congo. Was it the Congo? Where Jim Shockey? What part did he go to? I forget. I just found the guy. But he went to Africa. He's a hunter. And they hired him to shoot crocodiles. 'cause so many people in this village, he went to this village. He said it was so heartbreaking. Like this guy's missing an arm. Yeah. This person's missing a leg. They have bites taken out of him every and while he was there, a woman got taken out. Like while he was there, a woman was washing clothes and a crocodile snatched her and dragged her into the water. Yeah. And when human beings start bringing guns, the, the whole ecosystem changes.


Right. So these 50 foot things that have been apex predators just sunning themselves on the shore. Now some guy lines up a shot from the beach or from a boat rather and just takes it out and they're shooting all these different crocodiles. And so doing this over the course of, you know, 50, 60 years, all the big ones are dead. Yeah. And it takes fucking forever. Yes. For a crocodile to become a 50 foot crocodile and they don't die. Yeah. But they just stay alive. Like they only die when they, when something happens to them. But there's one crocodile in a reserve in South Africa who was born in like 1890 or something and he's only like 17 feet long.


Right. And so you think that's 'cause this environment wasn't big enough. I Think it's 'cause he's born 1890, not 1790. Oh. But they don't die. Okay. So if a crocodile's living in the Congo, okay. The Congo is rich with life. Sure. There's life everywhere and certain animals have to cross these rivers and that's a just a fucking meal train. Yeah. you know, you've seen those animals trying to wild the be trying to make it across the river. And then the Crocs show up and just starts snatching them. I mean some of them make it through and some of them die. And that's just how it's always been. Yeah. And so they've had enormous amounts of food forever. And if they've lived for hundreds and hundreds of years, those things would just continue to grow.


It doesn't seem outside the realm of possibility for something to be twice as big as the biggest one that they've spotted. Yeah. But that's long 'cause So like great white sharks we're pretty sure that they get to 22 and a half feet and then they get fatter. Right. So 50 feet is really Big megalodons. Yeah. But that's a different Thing. Right. But it was also a giant fucking shark. Yes. I think it's possible. There's certain subspecies of crocodiles. Yeah. Just like there is like Caymans, like there's different subspecies of Caymans even or Al or crocodiles rather. Even in the Amazon, there's big ones that get to be like 16 feet long and there's small ones that get killed by jaguars all the time.


you know, those are cool. I think that Bigfoot is more likely to be real than a 50 foot crocodile. So you think these people that have these depictions of it being as big or bigger than their boat, they're just exaggerating. Yeah. Yeah. I do. But not in a malicious or even a lying way. Probably just freaked out by the size of the goddamn thing. Not even Freaked out. Just like it was giant. Right. Like and then they exaggerate over time. Like it was probably 20, 30 feet maybe. But like twice as big, bigger, more than twice as big as the biggest ever is pretty nuts. It is nuts. But occasionally animals do have mutations that makes them much larger. And you see that with humans. Like the, the biggest human ever was like nine feet tall, wasn't He?


Yeah. But not 12. Right? Yeah. Right. True. Right. Not double the size. Right. But he also was dealing with gravity. Yes. And like the real problems with being a, a gigantic human with all the bad bone problems. What is that? That's the world's oldest Crocodile. Yeah. Henry Jesus. How old's Henry? They caught him in 1903. Jesus Caught him in 1903. How crazy is that? They caught him over a hundred years ago When I was working on the video. I don't know why this occurred to me, but he was born roughly the same time as Adolf Hitler. He's a man eating crock. Yeah. He killed a lot of people.


Nile crock. Yeah. So this guy's just hanging out with him. What the fuck is wrong with this dude? He's just assuming that that thing's not hungry. How crazy are people? Do we wanna sit right next to a goddamn giant monster like that? Look at the size of that thing. I just can't imagine why anybody would stand next to that. Can't you stand really far away and just film it? That's how I feel about surfing 700 Kilos. So puts in like 1500 pounds or so. Jesus. 1400, 1500. They're so cool too. Like look at that face the way all the teeth like integrate with the gums and when you know that this thing, so it's captured in 1903, when was it born? Right? I think it was about 15 years old when they captured him.


That is so crazy. So this thing's somewhere around 135 years old. Yeah. This guy's just grabbing its dick. Look at it. He is like, hey bro. To compare that, That giant crock that's always pops up on a golf course in Florida is known to be about 10 to 12 feet and a thousand pounds. Yeah. That's a alligator. I know. That's like 15 plus feet and yeah. 1500 pounds. Like I said, the one that's out there is 14 feet. Yeah. I was really surprised to learn how much smaller, even when the size or when the length is similar, how much less heavy alligators are. Oh yeah. They're twice as heavy. Yeah. Yeah. Crocodiles rather, or twice as heavy. They're so dense and they're so aggressive. Have you ever seen when they have, yeah, it turns towards 'em.


Like that guy could just get taken out like that, But they drown. That's how crocodiles kill Because they get too big. Right? No, I'm saying Oh, how They kill people. Yeah. Yeah. So like a crocodile like that would if you couldn't drag you to water. Isn't that nuts that like their actual method is drowning? Yeah. Well they can hold their breath forever. Right. So They're just like, I know you can't. Right. 'cause like their teeth are just meant for holding. Yeah. It's, their teeth aren't meant for chopping or chomping or anything. Have you seen the one where the crocodile takes a pig and and snaps it in half with a shake of his leg and chokes down the the leg? No. Have you seen the one where the crocodiles just like rolls and rips its friend's leg off for no reason? Yes. And the friend doesn't even flinch.


It's just Like, What the fuck dude? Yeah. Yeah. He, the lady was feeding them right. And he just, what do you got here, Jeremy? Oh yeah, here it is. Look at that. Oh My Gosh. It just snaps that pig in half. Yeah, sure. With a quick little fling of its neck. Sure Did. Oh, that's my own Instagram. Yeah. Watch this snap. Like it's nothing. No, just wanted a bite-sized chunk. No big deal. Just the animal that's been around for how many millions of years. I know he Is strayed. But this is the guy you're talking About Richard Doty. Okay. That's right. Spread disinformation about UFOs on behalf of the Air Force Office of Special Investigations. So that's the guy. Yeah. So his job was to make you look like an idiot if you believed in UFOs.


Now why do you think they would do that To discredit people? But why, why would they wanna discredit people? Man, you, you are, I don't know. I guess to keep their secrets. What secrets? All right then keep your secrets. So, so you think that they know something about UFOs? They don't want people to believe these things are real. They wanna discourage people coming forward. So they mock them. They, they turn them into fools. This guy's job is to discredit all the stories and make the person look like a crazy person. Gaslight everybody. And it's because they don't want people to know what they know.


I would imagine that the truth is worth the well. Yes, but because what they know is really, really bad. What do you think they think? What do you think they know? Do you subscribe to the ba Baar Vessels of Soul's idea? I'm unfamiliar with that. Oh, you didn't know that one. No. But I, so I know Kathy Turner, a Dr. Kathy Turner who wrote, taken into the fringe and ma rate of angels. And she said the only thing that's consistent throughout all abduction reports is that the aliens are fascinated with the concept of the soul. Mm. So I assume that works into whatever you're talking about with Bob Bazar. Bob Bazar said one of the more bizarre things that he found out when he was working at Area S four was that they had this like very thick sort of document on all that they knew so far about aliens.


And one of the things was, it, it, it went back to religion. See if you can find Bob Lazar talking about it. So don don't butcher this, but I believe what he was saying was that they think of us as containers for souls. Now let's imagine before we show the Bob Lazar thing, let's imagine how that would happen. Now let's imagine that human beings, we are biological life. And so therefore we have what we call a soul. And then we create digital life. And maybe, maybe this digital life, maybe artificial creations are what we're seeing in these gray aliens.


Maybe they're some sort of hybrid or some sort of, some sort of creation that's outside of evolutions, outside of natural adaptation. And they look at us as the source. Like they can't breed anymore. Maybe for them to exist, maybe they need an actual soul. And to think of us as a farm for souls. I, yeah, I really do think that we're a farm of some kind to them. 'cause it is funny 'cause people always say like they hang out over nuke sites so that we don't bomb ourselves.


And it's like Sure. But not from a compassion standpoint. It's like if the farmer doesn't protect his cow. 'cause he wants it to find some sort of spiritual Right Thing. And that's why I take issue with like Steven Greer and all those people who are like, you just need to expand your consciousness. And then you see it. It's like, I, that's a pretty, I feel like that's what they want you to think. Mm. Did you find the bob was hard thing? Yeah. Sweet. Here, listen to him talk about this because it's pretty crazy. Yeah. The only hardcore thing is that there is a extremely classified document dealing with religion and it's about that sec period. Bob Blazer on humans and religion they're Gonna use.


Sorry. Yeah. The only hardcore thing is that there is a extremely classified document dealing with religion and it's about that effect period. But why would there be any classified material dealing with religion? I want to go back to the religion thing. I want you to say it. It's just, it's so, it's so far out. It, it's alright. Your objection has been noted. Okay. What does it say? That word container. That's how, that's how supposedly the alien can look at us. That we are nothing but containers. Containers of containers, maybe containers of souls. You can come up with whatever theory you want, but we're containers.


And that's how we're mentioned in the documents that religion was specifically created. So we have some rules and regulations for the sole purpose and not damaging the containers. Ooh, yes. Yikes. Yikes. And I didn't think of it that way. Yeah. That you can actually damage your soul. Yeah. But it is almost like every holy text has that. Well, it does make sense too, because if, if what is in religion, right? The idea is like to save your soul, you have to abide by certain rules. You have to be good to each other. You have to live a just life. All of these things are laid out so you don't damage the energy that is inside you and turn it evil.


See, it could be more pragmatic than that though. If someone is gonna inherit your soul, they don't want it bogged down with bad habits. Right? Yeah. Well, they don't want it to be evil. Right. They want it to have negative energy attached to it. And the karma of killing a bunch of people. Right. Like, who wants Dick Cheney's soul? you know, the alien's. Like, you could have that dude, Remember when he shot someone and then the guy apologized to him? Yeah. Isn't that nuts? You know how gangster that is? Yeah. You shoot a guy in the face and the dude's like, yeah, I look like a bird. Don't worry about it. I look like a deer. Can you, what is with, is there any way to you that we're not being gaslit like to hell by cam, by Kamala Harris. In what way? Like wasn't she like a joke Even among Democrats like 10 seconds ago?


Like literally. Sure. Like a day ago. Yep. And now it's like the country's rallying around. I know. Yeah. Like What don don't know. don don't even Yeah. We're, We're so easily manipulated and they're all doing it in lockstep. Yeah. No doubt about it. There's no doubt about it. She was, she pulled as the least popular vice president of all time. Yeah, she is. you know, I had dinner with a friend of mine recently who actually knows her. He says she's very smart, but when she gets in front of a camera, she locks up and she's just not good at communicating and she tries to go off script and she, you know, whenever you're talking in front of a large group of people, there's a bizarre stress and pressure that really constricts your ability to communicate.


I'm aware Yeah. As of the last few minutes. Yeah. It's weird. And this is just you and me, right? This is just you and me. And now imagine you and me, but we're in front of 15,000 people that are hanging on our every word. And you're kind of free balling and maybe you really haven't even done the research. Like someone's asking you how are you gonna fix the economy? Right. And then you have some not. Well, the problem is everybody needs money for, because the bills. And we're working on that. Like what? Well, and you can, that's so obvious when, you know, with the, the passage of time is significant and the significance of the passage of time is significant 'cause of the passage of time. Exactly. Yeah. So that's someone who is basically like a kid in the fifth grade who's writing a book report, but they haven't read the book.


That's every time I see her on camera, that's all I can think is that she's the kid who didn't do her homework. Right. Because it, she just has that vibe. Did you see the clip of her talking about how how dare we wish Merry Christmas to people? No. Yeah. She, she does this bizarre like rant about how we shouldn't be wishing Merry Christmas to anyone. Is This when she was a senator? I don't know. It's recent. It's recent. Yeah. Really. It's, it's so strange that like, that was her, like, that's the only time I've seen her passionate about anything on camera. Come On. Really? Yeah. Oh, I haven't seen that. Yeah, I know she doesn't. I've seen the one. She's telling 'em people need to be woke. Everyone needs to be more woke. Oh yeah. She should be more woke. You should figure out who's the woke ist and try to be the woke ist. But she's whatever. Everyone should be more woke. And she's like laughing.


It's like, what the fuck? And when we all sing happy tunes and sing Merry Christmas and Wish Each Other Merry Christmas, these children are not gonna have a Merry Christmas. How dare we speak Merry Christmas. How dare we Merry Christmas everyone. She invoked Greta Thunberg a little bit there. Oh, That's so nutty. Yeah. How dare we, How dare we, how dare you. Yeah, no, we're definitely being gaslit. Yeah. And not only that, here's, here's the big one. Right? She wasn't elected, right? No. She was appointed vice president and then they, they didn't do primaries.


They had no primaries for Joe Biden. And now all of a sudden she is the nominee because he's stepping away. And so then they bring in her and they bring in this other guy who's radical from Minnesota, that's the vice president who Oh, he, he believes a lot of wild things. One of 'em is transgender surgery for people who are under 13. Another one is abortion up until nine months. Ooh. Yeah. Obviously there's reasons why people medically would like, if the woman's life is in danger, if the child has something wrong, it's not gonna live.


There's, there's reasons why they choose to do things like that, but that stuff scares the fuck out of people. He changed the Minnesota State flag to make it look like a Somali flag. Yeah. Oh, you haven't seen that? No. Yeah. Show that video. So the video of him taking down the Minnesota flag and he replaced it with the new flag that looks a lot like the Somali flag. Wow. Minnesota's a huge population of Somalis in It. Well, isn't what's her face? Yes. Yeah. Omar, I've seen a bunch of false claims on that. Oh. But there's a video of him doing it. But I'm Seeing false claims, Man. Well, okay, Well let's see the video. But they did change the Minnesota State flag, correct.


Sometimes the false, Yeah. That's the problem with like fact checkers. Some of these fact checkers are completely full of shit. They like, you're just trying to debunk something. Especially now when there's all this scrutiny being paid attention to what this guy's done. Yeah. What have you, what's the, the false stuff, Jamie? It's not the flag itself, correct? Yeah. I'm I mean. I typed in, I'm just trying to even get to it. A whole bunch of stories are popping up. I'll just show you this. Like, no, he didn't give him a Somali flag. No, he didn't change. No. It's resemble Somali false Somali state flag. But what does it look? Okay, but what does it look like now? That's what I was trying to get to. Okay. On the left is Somali flag. On the right is a Minnesota State flag. Okay.


Same color as Somali. Flag, a white star, a different white star in it, like the smaller flag. Very different than the original Minnesota flag. And there's the video down below that. That's when he changes it out. So he takes out the Minnesota State flag. Oh, hold on a second. Wait a minute. Turn the volume up please. So you hear him say that. Alright. All right. Ready? Whoa. Wait a minute. So he gets the flag, picks it up, moves it outta the way, and replaces it. Look at this.


There. That's better. Is It? Why is that better? don Don't know. Why, why do you care what the flag looks like, first of all? And why do you get to change the flag? How crazy is that the governor gets to change the flag? Like, who else is involved in that decision to change the flags? I Was gonna ask, is that what happened? don Don't know. Usually it's a big, it's a big event. They let people pick, you know? Right. No, we have a bunch of people that's a high population of Somalis in your state. I would imagine they would want to try to get that flag a little closer to home. Yeah. The, the worst incident of fact checking was the quid pro quo pri quo Joe clip, where Biden brags about that time that he withheld a billion dollars of aid to Ukraine.


So They fire a Prosecutor to fire a prosecutor that we now know his son worked for. And if you, and if you type that in, Snopes or whatever, would tell you just like, oh, that didn't happen. Biden. There was no quid pro quo. And Biden didn't want the prosecutor fired that his, 'cause he didn't know that his son worked for Barisma at the time. And it's like, like, how can you just say that's fake? And like, it's scary to me that people will read that and be like, oh, it's fake. Yeah. It's like, no, look at it like with your eyes. Yeah. Fact checkers are fucking dangerous. And it's really, it's really I mean. What you're, you're seeing is kind of treason. That's, It's kind of what it is. If you're seeing that kind of fact checking, you're lying. You're, you're lying. And you're, you're intentionally misrepresenting facts and you're doing so because you want a specific result politically.


Right. And it should be illegal. I agree. Especially if people think of you as a fact checker. you know? And what does that mean? What does it mean to be a fact checker? The problem with facts is a lot of 'em are very subjective. If you could find one small inconsistency or one, the, the, you could phrase a question in a certain way and have your answer false in a different way because you're, you're just finding some nitpicky way to look at things. I've seen a lot of that to the point where you're like, that's not fact checked at all. You guys just fucking, you're gaslighting. Right. It's just pure gaslighting. That's, This is what it says. Who picked the new flag? State Emblems redesign Commission tasked with choosing the new flag and seal made its final selections this week.


And the new design will debut next year. It follows four months of meetings, many spirited debates in 2,500 submissions from the public, sharing their ideas for the new symbols. This Is why they changed it is he said it was problematic. Problematic. Oh, I love that term. Our current flag is problematic. I think we all know that we've evolved from a more diverse state, evolved into a more diverse state. And I think it's more reflective of that. Okay. What was the original flag? There was concern with the scene depicted on the old flag, which many found offensive first adopted in 1957. The flag showed a white settler tilling land as an indigenous man rides horseback indigenous members of the state.


Emblem Redesign commission said was harmful to their communities and promoted the erasure of their people from the land. What? Well, can I see what it looked like? Show me the original. Just get a photo of the original Minnesota flag. Okay. Click on that. Let's see what it looked like. Okay. So there's, it's very blurry. There's a Native American on a horseback. I see it though. And then there's a farmer tilling the land and Native American on horseback. Is that problematic? 'cause Native Americans didn't really ride horses and people didn't really tilt the land.


Like, don don't understand what, There's a big controversy about that actually. Yeah. Whether or not horses, how long horses have been in North America. Well, horses originated in North America. What? Yeah. Horses originated in North America, including zebras. All them originated in North America, then they were wiped out and they had been introduced into Asia and Africa and all these other continents and then reintroduced back to America. Right. And, I meant like When people rode them. Correct. Right. So a lot, 'cause a lot of people are saying that that First Nations people had horses for a lot longer than Europeans had been in America. Certainly possible. There's certainly different segments, different North American tribes that were much better, including right here where we are.


The Comanche, the Comanche were notoriously good at raising horses and Right. Least part of how fierce they were. They, they had so many horses and they rode them so well, and they could ride sideways and shoot arrows underneath the horse's neck. but I don't know why that's so problematic. You gotta replace it with something that looks a whole lot like a So Molly flag. Yeah. The idea, it doesn't look like a Somali flag is kind of crazy. I mean that's, it does. It does. It certainly does. It's certainly the same color. Certainly also has a white star. It's just a different white star. Correct. Yeah. Yeah. So it's like, you know, the flag doesn't bother me that much if the people in Minnesota like it, like who cares? It's just a star in some colors.


The the real problem is when you hear discussions of things that are like openly Marxist philosophies when you hear talk about equal outcomes and, you know, and not just an equal opportunity, but that we all need to arrive at the same place, equal outcome talk. There's only one way they could do that. and that it's by forcing you. Well, it's by everyone having nothing. Yeah. That, that's the only way to have things totally equal. Exactly. Because you can't have everyone have everything that's impossible. Right. Right. There's no way. There's not enough resources. And so to, for equal distribution, that has to be enforced by law. So that has to be enforced by the government. And the government generally does not have equal, they have much more than you.


And that's Fidel Castro in Cuba. That's, that's North Korea. That's virtually every communist country that's ever existed. You have a military dictatorship that decides what you can and can't do with your time. Sure. And all under the guise of making it better for everyone. And that's exactly what they did to North Korea when they took over people's farms. They said, we're gonna take over the farm so that everybody has food. Yay. Good. Now everyone's starving. Right. And the government has all the food. And if you kill a cow, they'll kill you. Yeah. It's nuts. It's nuts that people don't learn from history. And it's nuts that people who subscribe to this leftist ideology have this very distorted version of humans and, and how capitalism works and what's the benefits of it?


I think there's a lot of parts of progressive ideology and philosophy that could be applied to society to make things better. I think if we funded more things the same way we fund the fire department, the police force, these are kind of socialist things, right? Everybody gets access to the fire department. Right. It's a part of being in the community. We all pay for it. Education is that way, but it should be much more funded. Right. It should be much more prestigious, much more, much better trained teachers a, a more esteemed position. I feel the same way about law enforcement. They should be much more respected, much better trained. We should put much more resources into that and have them be integral and a part of the community.


And that for the safety of the community, not, not the bad guys who come in to pull you over because you rolled through a fucking stoplight. you know that kind of shit. Right? And, I think the problem is these people that have this idea of equal outcome. This is the worst version of all these leftist ideologies. The worst version is open borders. Everybody should have everything. And then e equal distribution of it. And then what always comes with that is they unarm the citizens. And if they don't unarm the citizens, you can't get away with any of this stuff. But as soon as you have, no one has guns other than the police. Everybody's forced to comply. And if the army and the police are the only ones that get to tell you what to do, and they take orders from the government, and the government is a communist dictatorship, you are fucked.


And that has never been more evident than in all the versions of it that you can see in current world politics. Now where a government has been taking over by a communist regime, it's always bad. It never turns out good. Not a single fucking time. People starve. It gets horrible. you know, there's, there's just terrible government overreach. You're seeing it now in England where people getting arrested for tweets. Yeah. Well, England, you know, people talk about Soviet Russia, like how bad Russia is in terms of cracking down on thought police and the cracking down on bad tweets and things like that.


I think the statistics are, I think England, in the la I think there's something like 4,000 people have been arrested in England for thought crimes where they've said things online that people find to be a hateful thing or a problematic thing. And I think it's only 200 in Russia. Oh, wow. Yeah. That says a lot. Yeah. Maybe in Russia they're too scared to do it at all. Could be. Yeah. But the fact that they're comfortable with finding people who've said something that they disagree with, and putting them in a fucking cage in England in 2024 is really wild. Yeah. Especially they're, they're saying you could get arrested just for retweeting something.


And who's to, here's the problem with that. Even if you say, yeah, well people shouldn't tweet hateful, hateful things. I agree they shouldn't. But who's to decide what is a hateful thing? That's The problem. It's subjective. That's the Problem. It's very subjective. It still Shouldn't be a crime. And in our lifetime we've seen that get moved. Right. So it used to be if a guy thought he was a woman, and his name was Doug, and you grew up with Doug, and all of a sudden Doug wants to be called Debbie. If you call him Doug, it's no big deal. Like yeah, maybe you're being rude to call him Doug, but it's not a hate crime. Right. Okay. Well now a lot of people think it's a hate crime and that that got you banned from Twitter for life. So if you dead named someone on the old Twitter, you are banned for life.


Dead name. Not even making up a name. You can call 'em an idiot. You can call someone an idiot. Okay. Forget about a man in address. Maybe that's a problem. But if you call like a regular guy, an idiot, you stupid. Fuck, fine, no problem. But if you call Doug, Doug, you'll get banned for life. Okay. That's the new hate speech. That's crazy. Now if that keeps going, that didn't exist before. If that keeps going, maybe you can go to jail for calling him Doug. Maybe they think it's okay to put you in jail because you violated their hate speech laws. That's how nutty things can get. And you've also seen during COVID how ridiculous people get with cracking down and enforcing laws like that. you know, you saw it in Australia, people getting arrested for being outside without a mask on, Which is like the opposite of what you should be doing.


Exactly. I mean you should be outside is what I'm saying. Right. You should be outside and you shouldn't have a mask on. It's nonsense. It doesn't work. There's no evidence whatsoever that it's effective. I Thought it was funny how many people, like the mask was never intended to be protection for you. Right. It was to protect others around you. But like, I saw so many people putting it on like a shield. It's like, it doesn't, it's not a, Not only that, it's the, you are using surgical masks. Those are designed to keep people from spitting into open wounds. Right. And dropping particles outta their mouth into people's surgeries. Yeah. It's, we're so susceptible to manipulation and that's what's really scary about the time that we're living in because we have so much access to information. But yet so many people are willing to put the blinders on and go full steam ahead with whatever their team wants.


you know, like there was this ridiculous video the other day comics for Kamala. Oh, did you see That? No. What I saw white men for Kamala was that it? There's that dudes white dude. Kamala White dude. Kamala. This is all organized by the way. And there was a, a Twitch streamer, like one of the big time Twitch streamers, one of the big guys who read out what they were offering him, they were offering him money to advocate for Kamala Harris online. He's like, I am not fucking doing this. And so he is like reading this thing where they're, they're offering money. They're literally paying for astroturfing. Yeah. The, the, the most egregious thing I've seen recently, you know, after everything of the past eight years, nine years, it's hard to get pissed off genuinely anymore.


But is now all the left people saying that Trump is afraid to debate Trump or that Trump is afraid to debate. Kamala And I saw this meme of Trump is like the cowardly lion and everyone's like, he's never gonna show up. It's like you said the exact same thing about Biden. Yeah. The exact same thing. And Trump went in there and just like, yeah. Like it was, oh man, the guy who got shot in the face like two days ago and said, fight, fight, fight is scared to, to, to debate Kamala. Yeah. It seems ridiculous. But you know, that's just what They do. That's politics. They do it on the left. They do it on the right. They gaslight you, they manipulate you. They, they promote narratives. And the only one who's not doing that is Robert F. Kennedy Jr. You a fan?


Yeah, I am a fan. Yeah. He's the only one that makes sense to me. He's the only one that he doesn't attack people. He attacks actions and ideas, but he's, he's much more reasonable and intelligent. I mean the guy was an environmental attorney and cleaned up the East River. I mean he's, he's a legitimate guy. you know, before anybody started calling him an anti-vaxxer, which I thought he was too. I thought he was just nut this like conspiracy theorist nut until I read his book. I read the Real Anthony Fauci and I'm like, what is, how much of this is real? Because if it's all real, this is fucking insane. And we live in a world where we're being manipulated by these health organizations that are being paid by the pharmaceutical drug interests.


And these pharmaceutical drug companies are pumping these products out into the population and telling us that we need them and then making insane amounts of money. And then also the government is in on it. And also they share a patent with Moderna. And also they, they share profits and there's $700 million, 700 I mean, however, however much money was made, whatever the, the number is that these guys made off of these products. Like this is, all of it is fucking crazy. There's the revolving door between the CDC and the FDA and then these pharmaceutical drug companies. So the people that make the regulations then go on to have these cushy jobs with the pharmaceutical drug corporation, it's like, oh, nothing to see here.


It's like it's open. It's right out in the open. Right. And when he talks about all that stuff in his book, you're just like, what the fuck man, if this wasn't true, he would be sued. Yeah. But it's so, it Seems to be true. Yeah, it's A good point. And it's a scary thing 'cause people don't wanna talk about it 'cause they don't wanna be attacked. you know, they don't wanna be called an anti-Vaxxer. That's a big one. Right. you know, It cracked me up how a lot of the people on the right started to despise the vaccine and then Trump at the same time was like, it's my vaccine, you guys. Yeah. And then he got kind of confused. It's one of the rare times in politics that Trump like didn't seem sure of his course. Well I think he was proud of getting it out there. Yeah. Warp speed. Yeah. And he was proud that they did it.


We had the vaccine. It was a good vaccine. don don't think he knows. you know, I think he took it. Which is crazy too, because the guy survived Covid. He got covid before the vaccine was developed. Yeah. And then he still took the vaccine, which is like literally illogical. Like doesn't even, it flies in the face of science. It does. And we understand about the immune system. Yeah. But you know, there's a video of Anthony Fauci from many years ago on a talk show saying, someone got the flu. Should they get a flu shot? No. 'cause you, if you survive the disease, if you recover from the disease, you have the best protection. He's like literally saying that. Right. And then of course that was thrown out the window when they wanted to vaccinate everybody. Well, plus It's not a vaccine. Right. A vaccine.


It is a flu shot. It's the equivalent of a flu shot. 'cause a vaccine means you can't get it. Well, It's even more weird because it's MRNA. Right. So it's like this messenger, RNA, it's, it's basically gene therapy. Like you're tricking your body into creating these antibodies. Right. And you're also doing a bunch of damage to some people. Yeah. Which is also their gaslighting. Right. About how many people are vaccine injured? I fucking know a bunch of them. We all do. Yeah. We all know somebody who got fucked up by that stuff. It's all crazy. What's Happening into the people arrested for tweets in England thing? Yeah. It's a very confusing story. So it says 3009, 395 arrests been made by 29 UK police forces for section 27 or section 1 27 offenses, which is used for cases of online abuse.


According to the article, 1,696 people were subsequently charged. Section 1 27 offenses cover harassment that takes place via electronic communications network and is not limited to social media posts. Harassment via email or other forms of online communication can also fall under this definition. So This video is going around recently Of the lady arresting that guy. And this is going back to a, a, a discussion that Constantine Kien was having on a YouTube video Right From before Covid though. So this was all from like 2017. Yeah. But They've been doing it for a while. Yeah. That's, I I'm looking up and trying to find, like, I can't find any updated information that says that this is still continuing to happen except for three guys were recently arrested for like the leads riots because they were posting violent stuff on Twitter or something like that.


I, I know there was one guy who's posting stickers. He, he got arrested for posting stickers that they said were offensive. It's just we take for granted the what we have with the first amendment. Freedom of speech. Yeah. Freedom of speech is gigantic. There's only one way you find out what's right. You gotta let people talk and you gotta let people even like on x say the wrong things or say offensive things. You find those people, you don't like 'em block 'em, you don't like it. Don't listen, don't read, don't read what they're saying. Right. you know, it's disturbing. It is very disturbing. It's very, to me when I really became like hyper aware of it was post October 7th, when you see so much antisemitism, it's just like blatant out in the open and often incorrect and ignorant antisemitism.


Not, not just like, wow, look at all these Jewish people that are the head of these banks. Look at all these Jewish people that are running show business, but just ruthless, nasty antisemitism out in the open. And then people agreeing with it out in the open. You're like, whoa. Like this is crazy. Well, it's almost, I, it's because it's coming from one protected class to another. Is how I see that. 'cause I mean like, you know, obviously if that was a stance of the right, it would be immediately called out as, as evil as it is. Right. Right. It's not Right. It's a stance of the left, which is fascinating. That's why those, when those heads of universities were getting grilled and they were talking about whether or not saying death to the Jews is harassment at MIT or at Harvard rather.


And they were, she was saying, well, if it's actionable, so you're saying you actually, you Gotta wait until They do it. You gotta wait until they commit genocide before it's a problem. Yeah. Yeah. That's pretty nuts. It's Nuts. Yeah. It's nuts. But it's also, it's like the, you know, this is the consequences of having these rigid ideologies where you think that your side has to be correct and the other side is incorrect. And if you think, you know, free, free palace dine, this is what we're into. So like the people that are the most radical that are pushing that the furthest, like the antifa of that organization are the death of the Jews people. They're the ones that are gonna take, like remember during the George Floyd riots and the Antifa riots, like people on the left sided with violent mobs and tried to gaslight you on what they did.


Yeah. They said they're mostly peaceful demonstrations As the camera's panning around trying not to get something engulfed in flames. Yeah. It's crazy. That's gaslighting. And, but the reason why is 'cause those are the people that are gonna crack heads and get things done for our side. That's the implication. The implication is we are on the left and the most violent and aggressive people on the left, they're gonna push the envelope, they're gonna get things done. So they're, they're mostly doing good. They're mostly peaceful. Yeah. Well I think the shame of it is that like, if I don't know BLM, like now, it's pretty well understood that they were legit scam. Yeah. They made a lot of money. They bought a lot of real estate. They, they bought like six mansions and a bunch of cars and then they disbanded, you know?


Yeah. And it's sad. Like, have you seen the exterminator footage there? There's, there was this exterminator white guy literally got handcuffed and shot by the police on camera in a hotel. For what? So he Oh, you mean the guy that's in Phoenix? I don know where was It's in Arizona where he is crawling around the, the, the hallway and the guy tell his pants are dropping down and the cop shoots him. No, I don't think so. This is a guy who, he had like a, he was an exterminator and he had a pellet gun and he was putting it in. Yeah. That, that's it. Yeah. It's in a hotel. Yeah. Yeah, It's in a hotel. I just, I remember that. And like, that's one of the most dis disturbing, what I'm trying to say is that if you're trying to solve the problem of police overstep, looking at it through a racial lens isn't gonna solve it because that's not the problem.


Right. 'cause it happens to white people. It happens to a lot of people. Right. So you can't just blanket statement with it saying that it's about one particular group. Well, I think it was one of those moments in history where one thing sets off and there's a bunch of tension that's like at the surface, racial tension. And then one thing sets it off and then there's this narrative and then there's, through social media, you get all these examples that you see over and over and over again of white cops shooting black people. Yeah. And so people have it in their mind that black people are unjustly harassed and are attacked more than anyone else.


And that's why that professor at Harvard who released that study showing that there is not a difference, there's not a disparity, a racial disparity in the way black people are assaulted or shot by cops versus white people. And people attacked him. Right. Because they don't want their narratives destroyed. The problem is bad cops. Right. Of course. That's the problem. And the problem is sociopaths that become police officers. This problem is cops with PTSD. The problem is just like, you can have, you can have bad anything in any walk of life. You can have a bad doctor, you can have a bad football coach, you can have a bad cop. And the bad cops are a real fucking problem. They wind up shooting people that shouldn't be shot.


They, they're, they're fucking crazy. They're lost. They've lost their soul. you know, the aliens wouldn't want their them as a container. No, they Wouldn't. No, no. The alien thing is crazy. If, if that's, if what we're talking about when we talk about like save our souls like that we think about having like, your essence is negative and evil and that that negative evil essence, they're trying to minimize the amount of those, like the, like if your crop has like a disease, if like some sort of a, a thing is some fungus is growing on your crop, you're gonna destroy most of the crop.


Like what do we have to do to protect the crop when we give the crop religion? Let's, let's keep these mind viruses from destroying us. Let's keep Yeah. you know, war at a minimum. Let's keep these people from, from doing things that are unethical and immoral because they actually do damage the thing that we need the most that's inside of it. Right. Have You ever had any sort of an alien experience? Yeah, actually my roommate, And I, this was at my college Rip College. We were on this place. Like, it's basically just a balcony and we just saw, it was like 3:00 AM We were drank a lot that night and we're having our last cigarette at the night.


And we just saw one triangle with red dots appear way in the distance. And it was by a radio tower, which I only mentioned because it's easy to say. Then you saw the radio tower. But it's like, no, the radio tower was clear. And then we watched it for like two minutes and then another one appeared right next to it. And then they both disappeared. And I. It was, it, it wasn't really a big deal at the time. Like, and it still isn't now, but it was something, man, it was really something. When You say it wasn't a big deal, what do you mean? Like, We weren't like agitated. Like, you know, it wasn't like, it was more just like, that's nuts. Like it, it Wasn't something Well you're probably a little drunk still too, right?


Yeah. Oh yeah, Yeah, Yeah. But, But you all saw the same thing. Oh yeah. How many guys? Just two of us. And it was very far away. Did anybody else see it? Was there any other reports? Not that I know of. I never looked into it. And so it was very far away. And how did it move? Didn't move. It just hovered It. We know don don't know if the first one appeared or not, or if it was always there, but like, I think he saw it first And I looked and was like, what is that? Because it was dark, but we, it you couldn't see stars behind it. Mm. you know? So like, there was obviously something in between the three red lights. Mm. And then the second one appeared overlapping it. So like, in front of it. And then they both just disappeared.


Just Disappeared. Yeah. Just blinked out of existence. I, we, they didn't, we didn't see him leave. So just, you were staring at it and all of a sudden it was gone. Correct. And did you both say, oh shit, it's gone. I don't even remember. Wow. It was, it was, it was something though. I have it, I have photos of it on an old Blackberry. Really? Yeah. But The, the, how Blurry are they? Very blurry. They just, they look like Nothing. What's the best photo of a UFO that's ever been taken? I mean, I don't know. I mean there's a bunch of old ones from like the 1960s I think that think are straight horseshit. Yeah. There's this one guy who kept encountering them, you know, and it looks like hubcaps and stuff that he's throwing in the sky.


Well, Could have been that, I don't know. don don't know specifics of photos. Did you ever see the Mexico City footage? Oohs? I don't even know why that made me think of signs. The movie. Mm. Yeah. It's my favorite movie of all time. It's a good movie. Yeah. The Mexico City UFO footage is interesting 'cause it's in Mexico City and you see this thing flying and you see it like in the distance as it's going past these buildings. And you're like, what the fuck is that? And seen by thousands and thousands of people. I would imagine that the best one is the Phoenix Lights. That that's kind of a Yeah. Clearest UFO photo. Photo ever taken was hidden from the public for three decades.


That calve photograph taken by two hikers and the Scottish Highlands, the pictures handed over to the Ministry of Defense and was hidden from the public for more than three decades. The unbelievable images show a diamond shaped object hovering in the sky. Hmm. It looks like a saucer. It looks like it's just pointy at the top. Like, doesn't it look like it would be circular? Why do they think it's diamond shaped? Oh, okay. That way it looks diamond shaped. Is that A pho? That's the photo. Holy crap. Yeah. Wild. Huh? That is very wild. Yeah. It does look like it'd be circular. I mean, it's hard to say what the fuck that is.


Go back to that other one. Where this, I think that the top one is like enhanced. I'm trying to read it. There's some descriptions about it and eyewitnesses that saw it too. Mm. I was trying to read what it said because this right here it says there's something fishy here. Mm. Who Pinch of salt. but I was trying to get to it. Right? Says It's hovered for 10 minutes shot upwards, which we've heard before. Before disappearing negatives. So the picture doubled dubbed the calve photograph originally handed over Scotland's daily record newspaper who in turn passed them to the Ministry of Defense. However, they were never shown to the public. After decades of research photos uncovered by academic and journalist Dr. David Clark.


Dr. Clark reached out to Clark is spelled in two different ways right there. This website might suck. See he's got an E in the first one. Then afterwards, this no e as the story goes that Dr. Clark reached out to Craig Lindsey, former Royal Air Force Press officer, who had kept a copy of the photo after the story was looked into back in the nineties. Lindsey even kept the original envelope containing the Colvin photos in his possession. Hmm. That's the dude Guess. So That dude looks like he might sell you a bad car. For instance, an astronomer was left amazed by a UFO caught flying across the moon. What the fuck's that click on that.


Okay. So he is looking at through a telescope, what's he see? Oh, did you see that? What Did see that Flew across the screen There. Oh yeah. It happened fast, but Right. I mean there's A lot of space in between his telescope and the Moon too of things. Yeah. That could be satellites, right? Could be a lot of things. So not the ISS. Okay. Maybe it's another satellite. Maybe it's a bug. Or Rod. Or Maybe it's UFO Aliens.


Yeah. Yeah. Or UFOs. Ufo. UAPs. Yeah. Why'd they change that? Did UFO have a stink to it? I think it was So Hillary Clinton had a sound bite. Really? Do you remember when she was the one who announced it? Oh, that they changed the name? Yeah. She was the first one to do it. Have you seen that clip where she's like, UAPs? Actually No, I haven't. All of it's weird. It Is weird. It's a waste of time, you know? 'cause there's, if there's no real evidence in front of you, you're just sitting around here spinning your wheels, having stupid conversations about tonight it Oh, what happened? Sorry. What's that one about? Well, Hillary Flint was promising to tell the truth about UFOs Back in.


Oh, she lied. Thousand 16. She was just trying to get, she's just trying to get elected. Maybe if she won she would've told us there was Charlemagne. The God You think she smells like sulfur? I do. No, I don't. Have you seen the remake, the Alex Jones remake of that song or? Yes. Yeah. That's, That's like the best thing I've ever seen. That was amazing. Yeah. It's amazing when he goes on that rant and they turn it into a song. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's, it's easy to get very cynical about our world now. It is. It's terrible. It's, I think that's also a feature of this whole UFO thing is that people want the UFOs to come and save us.


Yeah. Because they think we're fucked. I think you, that extraterrestrials, if they exist, are evil. Really? They Do really well. I mean, if you look at the lion's share of abduction reports, they're all really nasty. Yeah. There's always a anal probe and weird being paralyzed on an operating table. And Yeah. But also it's like, you gotta imagine the fear that a person would have. It's, it's not evil in terms of like, they don't get killed. Right? So they get released, they get returned, but they have this terrifying and frightening experience. So you gotta imagine that just being, taking a board a UFO, even if they're being kind to you, it'd be fucking horrific.


You'd be so scared that you would kind of assume that they were negative. Right. Well, according to Dr. Carla Turner, so she has three rules or 10 rules about UFO abductions. The first one is that we don't actually know what they are. So aliens or extra terres or carbon or terrestrial aliens, interdimensional or something else entirely. And the second rule is that they lie about their origin And That 'cause they've given lots of places and none of them panned out apparently. Mm. And then the third rule is that they're full of shit.


and that they have total control over the abductee. So like, you only remember what you want or what they wanted you to remember. And like, it's nuts. 'cause So she, she was like a, a doctor of language, nothing to do with aliens or anything until in 1991 they let her remember that she's been abducted all her life and Whoa. Yeah. And then I, or strangely enough, same thing happened to her husband. She, he remembered that he'd been abducted all of his life. And e evidently they told her something like, well, why do you think you guys married each other? And the implication was that it was just convenient for the aliens.


Whoa. I know. And it's so weird. 'cause like, you can watch her lectures. They're mostly blacklisted, but there are ways to find them even on YouTube. And Does she seem Rational? She seems so rational. And she just has this sweet, she's not old, but kind of an old lady voice. And she talks extensively about how all these abductees have terrible traumas left from it. Even if they have positive memories of the abductions. Right. Just because the subconscious probably has Correct. Yeah. and that a lot of them have terrible issues of cancer. And then she dies of cancer everywhere in 1998. Oh Yeah. Like it, it's, I only discovered her a little while ago and it was very, very disturbing stuff.


Like really disturbing stuff. Mm. Wow. Tucker Carlson seems to believe that they're, they've always been here. He doesn't think they're coming here from another planet. I think that that might be more likely He thinks that they're in the Bible. That this is something that's a feature of human history that people have always discussed. Like these beings, these things that are with us. and that somehow or another, they're, they're able to evade our detection Right. On a regular basis, however that is. But he thinks they're like angels and devils. Well, I'm sure that's the words we used for them. you know, I mean, have you, have you read the, the angel description? Like it's a, a wheel with 16 eyes or something?


That's Ezekiel. Yeah. Yeah. Like, that's a bizarre way to describe an angel. Yeah. Don don't know what he is describing. I think he's describing a craft. And by eyes he means like sensors or something like the, the translation got wonky. That's the problem. Right. The problem is the translations. First of all, you have to think that a lot of those stories were told for hundreds, if not thousands of years before they were ever written down. Sure. And then they're told and written down in Aramaic. They're written down in ancient Hebrew. And then they're translated, they're translated to Greek, Roman or Latin rather. They're translated to English, French, German. A lot is lost. I mean there's a lot is lost.


You translate Russian to English today. Right. you know, like if you see a Russian, I see a Russian post sometimes on tweet on Twitter, and I'll hit translate and I'm like, oh, look at that. Wacky. It kind of puts it together, you know, it kind of puts it together in a wacky way. And that's common. That is. But that's a language that we're well aware of. Millions of people speak Russian. Millions of people speak English. This is the best we could do. Right. Still the telephone game. Yeah. Still. So now imagine a time with no science, no real understanding of what, you know, the, the forces there at work in terms of like natural selection and all the different things, space and all the things that we're aware of today.


The things that we do know and imagine these people are writing down these stories about the origins of humanity and the origins of mankind. And, I. Think there's, there's some truth to what they're writing. There's something to it. I've, I've, I've always said that about the Big Bang, like the beginning of the Bibles in the beginning there was light. Boy, that sounds a lot like a big bang. Sure does. Like, what is it, what if I was gonna tell you the story of the Big Bang and then you told other people for like a thousand years, and then finally somebody writes it down. What do you think that would look like? Right. Probably in the beginning there was light. you know, What is it they say? Theologians need many miracles. Create or evolution. British dawkins type people only need one. Yeah.


Big bang. Yeah. Yeah. How did it happen? Oh, that it just did. Yeah. And it created everything that we see. Like, okay. And doesn't, so Roger Penrose, doesn't he believe that that wasn't the beginning of the universe? Now? I think Roger Penrose has a completely different theory about that now, which is fascinating. Yeah. My, my brain's not big enough for that stuff. I don't think anyone's is. That's part of the problem. Well, But like, I acknowledge it. And I don't, so don don't even care. Right. Like I don. Like, that doesn't interest me. Like, I'm too fascinated by the smaller level. I don't need the overarching giant one. I need it all. You need it all. I need the overall. 'cause I mean I'm just, it's all interesting to think about.


It's like occasionally I want ponder. Yeah. How does this thing just expand to some insane point and then come back? What was before the Big bang? The theory of Roger Penrose attempt to answer the question. What was before the Big Bang led last year's Nobel Prize winner Roger Penrose to an interesting cosmological concept in which our universe is just one link in an endless chain of predecessors and descendants. I mean. Why not? Why not? If if there is a big bang, why not a series of them? Why not an infinite number of different possibilities that these things could Right. Play out In I mean that's, it's all theoretical though, right? It's part of the problem.


So like none of it don don't know it, it doesn't mean anything. Right. In terms of your real world. Right. Well, I mean it does Everything means something. Yeah. I mean something. But you're Yeah. I mean you're basically just spinning your wheels just like you're spinning your wheels thinking about aliens. It's like we're just kinda spinning our wheels. That's True. Yeah. That's true. Until we're not. Yeah. Until they come. That's the other theory is that they're giving us a slow trickle of disclosure. Yeah. But why would they care? So that we get accustomed to it so civilization doesn't collapse, the stock market doesn't crash. So that we don't, you know, start, wait, click off World War iii. Did you mean humans are giving us slow trickle? Yes. That's What I mean. That's What I mean. Yeah. No, that, that's fair. Yeah. That's I mean. Di have you ever read any of Diana PCA's work?


Very interesting. And she's a religious scholar. And her, her take on this is very similar to like a lot of what Tucker Carlson saying. And one of the things that she said with talking to people that, especially Gary Nolan from Stanford, these people that have examined materials, that these materials, like whatever the fuck this stuff is made out of is not something that we make, we can't make it. Or if we did make it, it would cost hundreds of billions of dollars or so, or some, whatever the number is, some insane amount of money to create these composites, whatever this some sort of, whatever their metallurgy examinations of this stuff is. and that they describe these things as donations, these crashed crafts that like, like a donation like that.


These race, this race of super intelligent beings. Hey, figure this out. Like, you know, you leave a 57 Camaro in the fucking, or a 57 Chevy in a parking lot somewhere, and then people stumble upon and go, what is this? What is it? How does it, what's that? Is it a tire? Oh, if you get wheels and tires, oh, I could get it to roll. Right. Oh, the engine fires, it spins this thing that is the transmission and it causes the wheels to the, we can make one of these and that they, that's what They do. And this is the Bob Azar thing. Like Bob Lazar said that one of the, in this, all these classified documents that related to these UFOs, he said, one of them they said was from an archeological dig.


Allegedly, That's the problem. Right? It's all nonsense. We're sitting here just wasting time. It could be very productive with our lives. Yeah. Instead we're talking about UFOs. Yeah. I mean you're doing all right. I think. What else are you making videos about? Anything interesting you got coming up? I'm doing sharks. 'cause sharks are cool. Who doesn't love sharks? I'm doing a dream. A dream one? Yeah. About a dream. I had lanky. Oh no, I lanky gray aliens. but I finished that one already. Yeah, I saw that one today. Yeah. Yeah. Did you watch it? Yeah. Oh, is that your dream? Yeah, that was me. So you've had this recurring dream of lanky gray aliens.


No, Lanky gray aliens are just like a figment of my imagination in my like, you know, boogey men that kids have. That's just in your liminal, is that the word liminal? Subliminal? No. Oh, liminal. Liminal space. Oh, okay. Like if there's like did you have a basement when you were a kid? Yes. Okay. Did you ever have to like, turn the switch off somewhere and then go up the stairs? No. Okay. Well I had that and then like when it's the fear of what, where you can't see Right. And I think everyone has a distinct thing that their brain imagines. That's pretty terrifying. Mine would always lanky gray aliens. But If it's always this one thing.


Yeah. Isn't that weird? If you wonder if these people are saying that their memories are erased, that's, and then you do have an encounter or you do have a a, a sighting of a thing. I, I, so I never gave that any thought whatsoever until I saw Gary Nolan's, that's his name, right. Nolan his speed or his talk on like new channel seven news or something. And he described this electric feeling that he experienced after something. This is how you connect is what he said. And that's literally the only thing of that entire video that ever that made me like, oh. 'cause I remember that I had this weird, weird ass dream about a gray.


And then after that dream I was just like, I remember feeling very electric That, that, I'm not saying that I had an alien encounter. I'm not, I'm truly not. But that, that did give me pause. Excuse me. I keep burping. It's really embarrassing. But it's interesting to me that these things always happen while people are sleeping or they always happen at night, which is when the dream state happens. And like, so what is the dream state? Dreams are bizarre. Like we have this very realistic thing that we're experiencing that we don't really understand. And we sort of just accept that we have this wild imaginary experience that seems realistic. And you wake up, you're like, oh my God, I can't believe this dream that I had. It's so nutty. Like what is that?


Like what is this thing that's different than any other sort of imaginary thing that you experience in your life? All the imaginary things that you experience in your life are like, they're easily written off for the most part. But dreams seem hyper realistic sometimes. They Sure do. And you have to remember, oh, this is a dream. I had one last night where I woke up And I was like, oh, it's a dream. Like, what the fuck is that about? How weird. They seem like real experiences while they're happening. Right. And if you are having dreams that seem like real experiences and they're recurring and they're involving and extraterrestrials and you've had this sighting and there is this understanding that they could manipulate what you remember and don't remember, you can kind of mind fuck yourself into thinking you're getting abducted.


That's why I don't think I was, because to think because to think that you were or to think that you have been abducted is I feel like I don. It's strange. Like, 'cause I don't, like, I don't feel like I've been abducted. Like I don't feel like a weirdo. I feel like you've been abducted. Do You don don't know. It's just fun to say. It is. It is. But yeah, I don't know. It it, that wasn't it. So if there are people who are like suggestible and think they've been abducted Right. Then what I am describing is a good case study in that. I think that's a factor for sure. Yeah. Well that's a factor too with memories. Like people can place memories into a person. Right. And also people can distort their own memories over time and then have this like very rigid memory of a thing and you have it completely wrong.


That's Very common, I'd imagine. Very common. Yeah. Right. Which is why the mind is such a bizarre thing in the first place. 'cause it's how you formulate your view of reality, but it lies to you. Right. Well, but they're hopefully useful lies. Yeah. Hopefully. But sometimes not, you know, sometimes people have a very bad version of themselves from memories because like they're maybe they have a lot of self-hate or a lot of self-doubt. And then they connect these memories to themselves and they distort themselves and make themselves even Worse. Right. You know? So hopefully it's I mean. Hopefully it's beneficial, but sometimes it's not. Well, It has to exist from an an evolutionary perspective. I'd imagine that I mean that serves a purpose that's not random Probably.


Right. If you, if you, if you are remembering yourself as doing something obnoxious or stupid, that's because the essence of you doing that is true. And now you're ideally supposed to overcorrect or supposed to correct that. Right. Right. It's a lesson that you can learn from that. Right. Yeah. But you're right. If it just may cripples you emotionally, it doesn't do any good. Well it's just fascinating that this animal, this calculating animal is like constantly forming images of what's real and what's not real and you know, and what it is and what, and it's looking at itself in some sort of a strange way and trying to examine how it fits into the world, Which is impossible for it to do. Right. So it's like an exercise of torture. Yeah.


And yet we all engage in it Constantly. Yeah. Yeah. Any other things you're working on before we wrap this up? No, I'm trying to get a book published. Oh yeah? Yeah. On what? It's a novel. So everyone, all my subscribers would hate it. Don? Don't think so. I Do. Why do you think they'd hate it? Because it's not about Bigfoot or anything. What's it about? Well, it's a, it's high fantasy. High fantasy. High fantasy. What Does that mean? Wizards? Oh, Knights Lord of the Rings type stuff. That Sounds fun. People love that shit. Yeah.


But that there are two protagonists who are gay because I am gay. So there's that And I think I don't think that'll I I sent There's plenty Of gay people. Yeah. There's plenty of people that don't care if someone's gay. Why would that be bad? I don't look at it all negative. Yeah. Maybe. Look man, it sounds like fun. Look, people love those kind of fantasy type books and I mean, think about the Hobbit Lord of the Rings. No, I, I'm aware. Game of Thrones. Like people love that shit. All The agents, they want magical realism. Magical realism. Magical realism. What Is that? That'd be like twilight. Like when magic inter ingrains in the real world.


Oh, that's interesting. Magical real. Which is an oxymoron. So instead of a fantasy world like Lord of the Rings, they want it in the modern world, a realistic modern world. But with magic. Correct. Fuck them. Even though none of the big sellers of all time are that way. Well a few of them are, but like, isn't That funny? Yeah. Like, but just the weird gatekeepers. It's almost like you should write it on your own and not even talk about it. Right. And then get it to where you're done with it and then just try to pitch it. Right. Well, don't let anybody I have been Pitching it. Oh, you have? Are you done? Oh Yeah, I'm done. Oh, okay. And I. And I've got it proofread by. Yeah. Paid edit. I paid an A or I paid for an editor and all that good stuff.


Oh wow. Oh, so you self-published the whole thing? No, it's not published. Self, self wrote the whole thing and did it all yourself without a deal. Yeah. I self Yes, correct. I mean, you know, a lot of times people get contracted. Yeah, no, and, but like I gave up because it was like every day I was getting an email back from someone telling me my kid was ugly. Ha You Know, And I. I couldn't do it and it was just too depressing. Well maybe you should self-publish. Like there's a lot of people publish things just on Amazon, right. I Have pride. Oh, you need to be with a, a, a legit publisher. I do. Really? I would rather wait. I'm, I'm actually very young for Pub by publishing standards. How Old are you? 33.


Oh wow. So you've been doing this YouTube page for a long ass time. So you were like 21, 22. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. That's cool man. Yeah, It is. It is cool. And I had other jobs most of the time. I only recently started doing the channel full-time. Oh, so now it's your full-time gig. Like how recent? Like two years ago. So you basically like get ad revenue and stuff like that? Some money. Well, it's very good dude. It's fun. Thank you. It's really fun. Like I said, appreciate it. It makes me feel like old timey radio, you know, like I'm hearing the spooky story. I've listened to quite a few of 'em actually in my car. you know, where it's just like you have all the animations and like the Bigfoot one I listened to in my car. Yeah. The one where it was reaching in and hitting the light switch and the laugh.


It's fun. It is. It's fun stuff. Fun stuff, man. Scary. Tell everybody your YouTube channel so they could find you and Try. My name is, or my channel name is Bob Gimlin. B-O-B-G-Y-M-L-A-N. And do you have Instagram or no? Nothing. Nothing. No And. I don't. Good for you. I Don't want it either. Good for you. Yeah. Good for you. Man. That's, that's rare amongst young people. I Just wanna make my videos and that's it. Good. Don't read the comments either. I Do. It's I do all the time. It's so depressing. You don't need to read 'em. No. How many subscribers do you have now? I think 239. Yeah. Once you get over a hundred thousand you gotta stop reading them. Yeah. Too many humans too.


Too many humans. Yeah. Too many opinions. Too many crazy people. Too many, too many mind viruses. They can get into your head there. You get You. I enjoy it though. I think your, your channel's very good. It's very interesting. I like your, your, your calm voice through the whole thing. Yeah, it's really good dude. Good stuff. Cool. Thank you. So thanks for being here. Appreciate it. Good luck. Best luck in the future. Thank you. Good luck with your book. Thank you. Alright. Bye everybody. Bye.