
If you wanna feel great, have energy and be healthy. It takes a lot, not just working out and eating right, but a lot of different vitamins and minerals and probiotics. And the supplements. Industry does not make it easy, but AG one does, and that's why I've been using it for years. AG One is 14 years of research, innovation, testing, and improvement all in one product with the goal of raising the standard in the supplement category. AG one is a nutritional powerhouse that delivers my daily dose of vitamins, minerals, pre and probiotics, and more. It's powerful, healthy research backed supplement. That has been a game changer for me. And when people ask me, what's the one thing I'd recommend to elevate their health, my answer is always AG one. And I'm so glad they sponsored this show. Try Ag one and get a free one year supply of Vitamin D three, K two, and five Ag one travel packs with your first purchase@drinkagone.com slash jre. That's drink ag one.com/jre. Check it out.


This episode is brought to you by Experian. How many subscriptions do you have? It might take you longer than you think to figure it out. These days, it's far too easy to get a load of subscriptions that you might completely forget about. That's why I love services like Experian. It's like a personal assistant for your subscriptions. Experian could cancel over 200 plus subscriptions in categories like streaming services, meal kits, entertainment apps, and more. You can save an average of $270 per year. Plus they'll even let you know if your provider offers you a better deal to stick around. It's time to take control of your subscriptions. Download the Experian app. Results may vary. Not all subscriptions. Eligible savings, not guaranteed. $270 a year. Average estimated savings with one plus cancellation. Paid memberships with connected payment accounts required. See experian.com for details.


Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan. Experience Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, All day. Okay, we're up now. Yeah. So what, what were you guys talking shop about? Explain what? What did you ask? What was the question you asked Jamie? Well, Ja, well, yeah, Jamie's going to fucking run a train on me. I felt It. There was some controversy, There was some tension. There was some, there was a little tension in tomorrow we had, when we had a lovely dinner after your show. We, we went at it a little bit and we had a little disagreement about compression technologies. Preemt, really? Cloud lifters, you know, What is your position? Well, my position is, well, okay, go Ahead.


Hold on. Its coming from A different place though also. So go ahead. Yeah, very different. Let's just say financially we're coming from a different, very different place. Okay. but I, try to use the Sure. SM seven B. We actually got for my podcast to shout out. Here we are. It's Estonian. You're not gonna, well, AI means, what Did you just shout Out? It means, it means Direct translation is Pussy Mantra is my podcast. Oh yeah. So you have, is it in Estonian? Wow. And it's, do You think Spotify will translate it to English? Maybe you'll be the first. That goes the opposite way, Bro. If AI translate this podcast, I'm fucked, you know? Oh yeah, yeah. Like, oh, take it down.


See, this is the thing. They're gonna do that. I know Spotify's going to do that. But don't, don't get my charisma and timing down Though. No. Also, sense of humor, sarcasm. And when you translate, I'm just gonna say, you sound like a Nazi. I will be a Nazi. It's Sad. That's the problem with, I'm so scared. Satire and, and humor. And what is, for lack of a better term, it's called talking shit. Okay. And this is what we do on podcasts. This is what we do in the green room. This is what me and my friends love to do all the time. Right? We do that all the time. We say things we don't mean. 'cause it's funny. We say things are inappropriate because it's funny, you know?


And it is 100% done with fun. And the problem is today people like to take things and pretend you're saying something when that's not what you're saying. Yeah. There's a funny comedian in, in Canada, he's an American dude who moved to Vancouver, his Dino Archie, he used to ha say off the record talk, you know? Right. It's, it's like, it's shit talk. Yeah. We're talk. We don't, we're not saying things that we mean, we're saying things that are fun to say. But what I was gonna get to before we did is that the thing that Jamie told me about MS, well, Tulsi Gabbard was the first person to tell me about it. So I was talking about how great Tulsi Gabbard is about, if you know, you really wanted a great democratic candidate that was a woman, woman of color, congresswoman for eight years, served overseas in a medical unit twice.


That's where she got that gray streak in her hair. She's like a, an exemplary human Being. She likes my kill Tony Bits on Instagram. So, and They tried to say that I was talking about Kamala Harris. So they edited outta context. Dude, I've seen your edited videos with ads because yeah, There's a lot of AI ads that aren't really me, because Estonia is in Eastern Europe and the Russian bot system in that country. It's crazy, right, Bro. It's crazy. I've seen fake podcasts where there's a guy on your podcast, which never has happened, right? And the guy has a sure SM seven B, not this mike stand. Let's be honest. It's some shittier version. And the backdrop is similar, but you can tell it's not that podcast.


Right. But you can do amazing things now with ai. you know, you could do it with video editing for sure. Like you could just have a guy splice in him being in this chair, me in that chair. And if you did it right and you spent your time on it, you could make it very convincing. And that's just the beginning, man. There's a podcast with me and Steve Jobs. I never met Steve Jobs. There's like a, I think it's 40 minutes long. How long is the podcast with me? And Steve Drops. But it's a completely AI generated podcast. It's just audio. But from what I've heard, it's, you can kind of tell, but it's getting close. It's getting to the point where you're not gonna be able to tell you, you know, when you, you hear enough computer generated sentences, you're gonna catch little glitches in the matrix.


you know, it's gonna sound a little off, But you can only catch those glitches in the Matrix because you are a person who's also around technology, internet. So you kind of, kind of see the scam going on. It's not a super visible scam. It's like a Oh, I see it. Scam. Yeah. So how long is it? 20 minutes. 20 minutes. Okay. So it's just me. Let me hear some of it. Personality, they seem to have a soul in a way. And some people almost get religious about this stuff because it's so powerful and it means so much. Is that good If a company gets to the point where it's successfully doing a few things? You don't have to try and do everything. We're in the process now of trying to cut the things we're doing so that we can concentrate on the few that are really high on our priority list.


Because if you try to do too many things, none of them get done. Well. Well That transition gotta focus on A few and make sure those are Done. The transitions clunky, but even more importantly, the sound is very different between where the environment that I'm talking in the environment he's talking in. For sure. So either he's not in the room, which I don't do, I don't do Zoom calls, they'll suck. Yeah. Or you know, that's fake. Yeah. It's only, only two options. If an audio Engineer just tweaked it for Yeah. Two minutes, they could make it sound so much Better. Oh yeah. Yeah. Compression to Compression. You could, you could 100% make it sound their voice. Yeah. You could 100% make it sound like we're in the same room. But they didn't. Yeah, but this is also like how many months old? I think that's like, yeah, that was two Years ago. Oh, crazy. So what they have now is way better.


They've, it's way better. It's getting to the point where we're not gonna know, and for sure, we're not gonna know what things are, what things are real, what you can generate. You, you, I'm sure you've seen these under the new Unreal Engine, the most complicated video game engine. What is it called? Engine five? Is that what it's called? It's like, this is spooky. Yeah, For sure. This so it's so good. It's spooky. It looks like a damn movie. like a real movie. Like in Estonia, the movie industry is moving really well. And the government was financing for a while. The building of like, like a movie Fucking don don't know. Factory or like a whole, you know, like a production studio.


Yes. So, which could bring more revenue to the country. Great idea. Right? But some, it's been paused now and people are like, why isn't it making, but I know exactly why it's paused. Why? Because they're waiting to see how this AI thing plays out. Yeah. Because let's be honest, green screens and shit, that might be like fax machines, bro. Yeah. It might be like Morse code. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. And, and it happens like this. Well, you saw that Tyler Perry shut down the plans to build this enormous studio. He's gonna build an $800 million production studio. And he saw, so Tyler Perry, He's guy who, who does all those Miada movies. He's got a bunch of TV series. I thought he's the extreme makeover guy. Move God Bus.


Remember that guy? That was my shit. No, he's, he plays a lady in a, in a bunch of famous movies. Yeah. Yeah. He's that Ada. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So anyway, point Mea Madea. Madea, that's right. Sorry. Point is obviously super successful dude. And has this enormous, this is the Unreal five engine. He has this enormous production company that about to build. And he goes, ah, he sees Sora. And he's like, what? You guys can do this now You gotta see how that plays out, Dude. It's gonna play out real strange. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Because what, what you see already. So this is the video game. This does, this is hard. This looks pretty good.


This is not as convincing as some of the other footage that I saw. The, the nighttime footage. Just something about daytime footage looks a little clunky or a little better. Well, there's more reflections. Yeah. I went to Red Band's place. This is pretty wild though. And tried the AI for the first time in my life. Oh, Nuts. Ah, he was saying like, he has a second life and they are happy with his girlfriend there. And they're like living in a whole nother world there. Well, That band's slightly insane, so I know, but that's the way he was ex de describing to me. I imagine it's like the Neo where I put the thing in the back and then And, I'm happy now. But it was stuck. It was literally PlayStation two graphics. Whenever I wanna nerd out about electronics, it's always red band.


We, we always talk, we always talk about the newest phones or the newest this or this does that. And that does this. Yeah. Like he's just a techno nerd. Yeah. He loves that shit. And He's already giving up on this life. 'cause he knows VR is here. Dude, That's a such a red band move Die. Every time I tell him to eat, eat something Healthy, I'm gonna die. But you know what? AI's taken over. I'm just gonna get my brain teleported. Exactly. That's the ultimate leap, right? Imagine if they get to a point where they say, we can download your brain into a computer, but you'll cease to exist right here, right now. And you just have to assume that it's, whatever consciousness is in your head is your life. And it's not just a faction of that consciousness being in a very particular state and time, that consciousness being attached to this particular biological body in this particular place.


Like, what makes you you? And if you take that shit out and stick it in a machine, what kind of horrific existence is that? What's screaming into the abyss? Unattached from a body, but Trapped Trapped in a newly created Matrix Computer dimension. Because you didn't, you didn't get to go to heaven. 'cause you got Trapped in a metal box. And maybe that's how the aliens contain souls. Maybe that's how they get 'em. Matrix Was basically, yeah, that whole, That's the thing make, get you to think that you can download your soul into a computer. Like, wait, I'm gonna live forever, gonna download my soul into a computer. And what all you're doing is, you're so smart that you're stupid enough to think that technology is capable of recreating you as a whole.


Not just your consciousness, but what, what if your fingernails have memories, motherfucker? What if your whole, oh, what if it all is a part of a system and disconnected from that system? Your soul's just like a, just separated from love forever. That was what I really liked in the Matrix franchise. Remember when they got outta the Matrix, they went to Zion. There was that scene where they were fucking, and then there was that scene where they were dancing and the whole thing. Who's the fucking Morpheus was explaining that? Yeah. You're not feeling the things which your physical body in this matrix world, you know, you're going through.


It's just the synapses are firing in the machine. And. I. Remember? 'cause I was like a teenager when I saw that movie. And. I. Remember that scene when they were fucking And? I was like, oh shit. See that's the thing. If you download your brain into a system, and then they came back, the world was shitty. Remember how shitty, yeah. Zion looked like terrible, terrible. No beaches Like us in 50 years. And then they were eating. Remember that food, everything the body needs. Remember that Culp? Yeah. But I, remember when they did that dancing scene? I remember that like, like inspiring a thought where I'm like, huh, maybe even if there is a secondary fucking, there it is. AI world that comes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. There'll be rebellion.


See, that's what I'm saying. No, no question whatsoever. That's why I love when people go, is AI gonna destroy standup comedy? I always love to say that standup, luckily is the art form that can comment on its own demise, kind of. you know? Yeah. Like even if AI creates the perfect act, the perfect ha ha ha laughs per minute. Right? Right. There's gonna be, you're gonna be able to comment on how fucked that is, you know? Right. Yeah. So 100%. And then on top of that, the what really what we're really doing is we're performing for live audiences. So how's AI gonna do that? Yeah, absolutely. Like there's a thing that happens when you see a singer on stage, when someone's got an incredible voice and you see 'em sing.


And that that voice just echoes. Or someone like Gary Clark Jr's playing guitar where you're in the room while they're hitting those keys. You're like, God damn. And then there's the story. It's not even only the technique and the incredible voice, it's also, it's a human experience. The history of his experience. Yeah. I remember when I was like, when I was like 19, I worked at a jazz bar, didn't know shit about jazz. I don't know shit about music. don don't know how to play. Do you know how to play anything? No. I don't know how to play anything. Literally. don don't how to draw or play. And like, my hands just don't work like that. I tried guitar. It just doesn't happen. Dudes are just, and they're like, feel that Nothing disconnection.


Nothing's happening. Interesting. But I, remember working at that bar, there was like, there was a famous Estonian guy who was performing like an unplugged. He was like a rock star. And he was performing an unplugged version on the weekends, you know? And technically he sounded amazing. He was an amazing guitar player. But he was a young guy, maybe only five years older than me, technically perfect. From the traditional training, the school, he had all the things. And for me, that sounds amazing, right? But then I remember we started having, 'cause he was turning, we had Blues Nights on Tuesdays and the owner would fly out from America like New Orleans, these 65-year-old black dudes that live a rough life, you can see from their face, from the way they move.


It's been a rough life. And the way they would sing, maybe technically it wouldn't be sound as clean, but what you would feel, 'cause I was bartending, And. I would look at the audiences. And I would see them also. You feel it, right? You can't explain dude, don don't know. Of course later when I got to be friends, some musicians there, they would explain. They would be like, no, no, no. That guy, the other guy was doing the basic A, B, C, D, D, D. He's doing a whole different shit right now. Right? So it's something that only the people that really know how to play recognize like Standup, right? but I feel it. I think that's the case with everything, man. I really do. I think that's the case with everything.


Everything. Especially art. I think everything that, it's a true form of expression. you know? Even like ga, chess, I think games, people play. I think it's, I think, I think it exists in everything. you know? Because I remember, I even remember when there was, remember peer to peer before Torrance, it was peer to peer. Sure. What did you guys have? Kaza. Esh. What did we have? What was that one name? 'em. Name 'em. We had 'em all Kaza. But what was The one that Everybody used? Limewire. What was the one that everybody used? We Started off with Napster and then we went into Kaza. Metallica. Napster. IWire and Morpheus. Yeah. Na, I remember the Napster days. Metallica. So Napster, you know? Oh yeah, yeah. Lars Alrich was very upset. Yeah.


And, and so it was, I had Paul Stanley from Kiss on the podcast. Wow. He was just flat out saying, those people are stealing, they're stealing money. And you know, my position, it was very, I was like, okay, a bomb just went off and you could either recognize you have a hole in the ship, or you can go full steam ahead with the original plan and this motherfucker's gonna sink. It's Like a cartoon. When Tom and Jerry, when he's trying to just sip, sinking The moment, music becomes a digital piece of information that can be uploaded to a hard drive. The moment that happens, it's over. So if you don't realize that the war has been lost and devise some sort of monetization of streaming platform, make it simpler, quicker, faster than anybody else's.


And then get it up there quick. Because like that's, they should have done that. The moment Napster came out, they should have hired like the best coders and said, okay, there is no way you're stopping this. Like we just, the the, the damn broke water's coming through and records boats, sales are gone. Sailboats, the down Record sales just went away So quickly. Guys were making millions and millions of dollars from record sales. And then they'd go on tour and, But even live touring was on a down slope because you didn't need to do that, that much record sales was the back. Right. That's why Madonna went back on tour. I mean, I don't know this, but that's why. And She probably also wanted to say what's up.


For sure. Let bitches know. For sure. Still around for sure. You know, but there's a lot of bands that went back on tour for that very reason. Yeah, for sure. Definitely. Yeah. They, they're, they're revenue dried up. Which is crazy that one of the biggest entertainment businesses in the world lost all of its sales revenue from recordings. I mean don don't know. It didn't lose all of it. I'm sure some people still buy some of them, but like the drop off must have been crazy, Crazy, Crazy. Because it was, remember it was all like, it was like you guys had not cassettes. What did you guys have a track? We had a tracks first and then we had cassettes and then we had compact diss. Yeah.


We only got cassettes then It was CDs. So the format was always changing. And then it was the Blu-ray and the Microsoft whatever format they had battle. So there's always that battle of data then for a while. Like USPS were tried, you know? Yeah. When they would sell small usps. Yeah. But then just the internet was like physical. Yeah. It was over. Isn't that crazy? And not only that, it's way better like the, imagine if YouTube was just a bunch of discs that you had to get, Dude, how stupid that would be. But then again, That's a good example of how much things have changed. Yeah. Is the fact that YouTube exists and that YouTube is not a stack of discs that you have to go to a library or a bookstore to get.


Yeah. YouTube just exists instantaneously. But then again, there was that magic of, I feel lucky at least to have that childhood where I remember that my attention was actually not raped by technology that much. but I had to actually look forward to consuming something and work physical exertion to get it. Go to the DVD thing. You would read the back. Yeah. You would look at the, you would put it, it's, it's, there's a more maybe commitment to consumption. I think it's gonna be very interesting when we look back on human beings. And, I think we're in the middle of it right now. So we probably don't really objectively understand how much of an impact it's had on us.


'cause it's sort of trickled in slowly with just regular cell phones. And then like, remember those sidekicks people had the sidekicks. So you could send texts on, we would go sideways. Remember? We're like, wow, that's crazy. That was like next level. And then blackberries, if you were fucking serious, if you're really getting some shit done, answering some emails, you to a Blackberry. And then when the iPhone came out, the whole game just fucking flipped on its head. And now all of a sudden everyone's connected to everyone. Everyone. And everyone's anxious and freaking out. And I think that we grew up before that. And I. I'm older than you by far. So I grew up way before, how old are you now? 32. Yeah. So I'm 56. No, almost 57. I'll be seven in a few days. You're also Yeah, those very important years.


That's The big, the big transition years. Because it was a a, a series of factors that happened in my lifetime. Number one, answering machines. Like what the fuck never you could call, call someone never and leave a message. Never. I never happened. And you would come home and your answering machine light would be like a little dog. Like if the red light was going, I'm like, oh, someone loves me, exciting me, someone loves me. And you'd go listen to your messages. Wow. And then it got to a point where you could call your own phone and get your answering machine to play you your messages. That was next level shit. Okay. Crazy technology. We couldn't believe it. You got to see caller ID who's calling you, and then you get to call 'em back. Star six nine, what's up? you know? And then VHS tapes come along.


Maybe, maybe not even. And then it was kind of along in the same soup. 'cause it all happened while I was in high school. So while I was in high school, there was probably answering machines before I was in high school. but I was aware of them in high school then caller ID and then VHS tapes, all that happened. So now all of a sudden you could just get stuff and play it anytime you wanted to. So it changed, like watching movies, you could pause it if you had to take a leak. The whole thing changed. People started watching movies at home. Blockbuster became a giant thing. Nobody would've imagined Blockbuster's gonna go byebye. Nobody. It was the thing. Absolutely. You go to Blockbuster on Friday night, you see what's the fucking latest movies? Oh great. There's one left. Yeah. We had like a video planet. It was like the top five most making money fucking companies of in the country.


Imagine They just, they were, they were on an ice cube. They were on an ice cube and a hot piece. That's what I'm always wondering is what is the industry right now that doesn't even Know? I think there's a lot of 'em. Well, I think there's A lot, lot of 'em. I think there's, I don't think it's, I think AI is gonna fuck up this system that we have going for us. Yeah. And I think that's why, that's part of the reason why there's a lot of scrambling and, and clamoring for power right now. Because I think people have a real understanding at the highest level that it's only, we only have so much more time before this AI thing becomes one of the most enormous aspects of society.


And the, the power consumption that it's gonna need is astronomical. It's crazy. Yeah. They're literally building nuclear power plants for these fucking things. And they're going full throttle and we're headed towards whatever this is. And no one knows And I think that's one of the reasons why governments are trying to crack down on social media and trying to, you know, control it. Control it, and stop people from saying things. Absolutely. And in the UK they're arresting people for saying certain things. They're trying to like stop this thing from overwhelming them. And you can't, it's gonna overwhelm all of us. It's not just gonna overwhelm government, it's gonna overwhelm civilization and it's gonna happen in a bunch of stages.


Just like it happened with us. Well we got caller id, we got answering machines, we got VHS tapes, but then we got computers and we got online and then we got 14 four, then we got 56 K. And then you start seeing pictures show up. Like they download 'em nice and slow and then people go cable. Oh my God. You get cable internet. So people had cable internet where you could just like Remember how many pixels porn you used to have? Like how many? How low? Oh glorious. Fuck. I remember I had a point when I was like par like mom goes to store and you know how you ask which store. So you know how much time you got in the bank, right? And. I remember like jacking off and just halfway through the video, it's two dudes. I just didn't the pixels.


It was just such shitty quality. That's uncomfortable. It was just very Well tell Me, didn't you know when they were both sucking each other's dicks that something was up? Yeah. When they was just got got, Where's the girl? Yeah, when is she coming in? But it was like in a sauna in the dark. And I. Saw the dude's like a hog hanging. Whoa. But he had a nice but, and it all looked, You ever flashed in the sauna by a dude? Flash? We only go naked. Do you know that? Right. Oh, in your country. Of Course. And if you have pants on, that's creepy. And that's weird. If you come in with, with pants, we would've an issue. Really? Because It's weird. What are you hiding? What's the thing, Dick? Do you have a bone? Exactly. What's going on? Dude, Just staring at my dick. I'd rather just go In my under underwear.


We all sta terror dicks. I've seen good Luck with that. Like in the green room. In the green room. Comedians were talking about how many dicks I've seen in their lifetime. And. I. Remember they were laying saying like, numbers, bro, I've seen thou 10, I've seen 16 to 22,000 dicks. Do You think that's healthy? Yeah. Yeah. It's normal. you know, normal shit. Normal shit. Just Looking at dicks. And then sometimes, I remember in high school, we all showered, took, there was always one weird kid that would not shower with us. And you make fun of him. Show me, you know, what are you, what's going on? Why didn't you show us your dick? you know? Ha. That's Funny. And then sometimes the show shower would be a bit warm and you would get a little bit of a vein going there. you know, you get a little bit not good.


A 25% dude who Not Good. And then you're lathering it down. Yeah. Oh yeah. Trying to just fucking mentally just make it go away. Yeah. Naked dudes in and saunas is an odd thing. I only feel comfortable when it's naked. There was a, I used, I used to be a member of 24 Hour Fitness in Woodland Hills, California. And the guy who was the manager there was a cool guy. I used to talk to him all the time. My friend Eddie And I used to live there and he was the former manager of the West Hollywood one. So he said the, he goes, bro, the West Hollywood 24 Hour Fitness. He goes, it was basically like a gay hookup spot.


That's all it was. Like, these guys would just go ham, just get after each other. Oh yeah. And like, you'd have to say, Hey, don't do that. But it's like, you've got guys who wanna fuck guys hanging out, all working out together and getting sweaty. Yeah. With like guy mentality. Yeah. you know, like, come on, let's do It here. Like, yeah. And they're doing it there. And they, and there's all guys that are gay there, so they're like, what are you gonna do? And he was like, dude, it was crazy. He goes, I used to have to stop people from fucking in the sauna. The Smell in the sa in the showers must. I'm sure they don't do that anymore, folks. Yeah, I'm sure that's all been cleaned up. But back then he was telling me it was, I can Imagine that 24 Fitness still existing and then this podcast coming out and there's just 800 gay dude waiting.


Fuck. They're like, Joe Rogan, can you stop saying this is the suck and fuck spot. Make sure there is a, make sure it's the right gym. I don't want to, I don't want to slander anyone, But There is a 24 Hour Fitness. Right. 'cause I know there's another one, there's another gym like that. And I used to actually work out at a, a gym that was in a gay neighborhood. I used to have a bit about it. I used to wear out a Gold's Gym on coal and it was in full on West Hollywood. Like super gay, super gay gym. But it was really close to the studio where we filmed news radio. So I just got a membership there. So I'd get off work and I'd go lift and I'd just go live with these like hungry gay dudes. These dudes were hungry, man.


Yeah, It was. But they like, look at you and They're friendly. Nobody fucked with me. Nobody like no unwanted attention or anything like that. But I didn't take a lot of showers there. I remember there was an old guy at the gym might, it was right in the Middle of Santa Monica Boulevard. Yeah, it's closed now as probably last year. Okay, good. Good, good. It's closed. Okay, so Gold's is the gold's on coal's the one I'm talking about? Yeah. That's the one that's Not West Hollywood. It's like East Hollywood, whatever. Technically Yeah, whatever it was. It was gay. Yeah. But like men, you know, like big hairy, muscular gay dudes looking for more of that. So It's like Yikes. Men. Fucking men. Yeah.


It's like a, a wounded gazelle Through A pack of hyenas. Like, excuse me, pardon me. Just wanna get to the river. I remember there was an older guy in my gym and that was the first time I also experienced where it's like, it's an old guy, you know? Right. I could fucking, I'm not threatened. Right. you know, I'm not threatened. But the look he had in his,


If you wanna feel great, have energy and be healthy. It takes a lot. Not just working out and eating right, but a lot of different vitamins and minerals and probiotics and the supplements industry does not make it easy. But AG one does. And that's why I've been using it for years. Ag One is 14 years of research, innovation, testing and improvement all in one product with the goal of raising the standard in the supplement category. AG one is a nutritional powerhouse that delivers my daily dose of vitamins, minerals, pre and probiotics and more. It's powerful, healthy research backed supplement. That has been a game changer for me. And when people ask me what's the one thing I'd recommend to elevate their health, my answer is always AG one. And I'm so glad they sponsored this show. Try Ag one and get a free one year supply of vitamin D three, K two, and five Ag one travel packs with your first purchase@drinkagone.com slash jre. That's drink ag one.com/jre. Check it out.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. You're probably careful with your personal information, but what about all the other places that have it? Like the doctor's office that mixed up your file. They have your social security number. The power company that mistakenly cut your service, has your payment info and the last three addresses. And the hotel that lost your reservation has your passport info. Your information is in a lot of places outside your control and one of them could accidentally expose you to hackers and identity theft through lacks. Security breaches are just simple mistakes, but LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second and alerts you to a wide range of threats. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back with plans covering up to $3 million for stolen funds and expenses, mistakes happen. So make sure you are protected when They do save up to 40% off your first year at lifelock.com/jr. That's lifelock.com/jr. To save up to 40% terms apply.


Eyes just made me feel vulnerable for, you know, it's weird 'cause he wanted to penetrate you Because men have a certain And. I, remember then I started thinking, and this is when I was like younger And I. That was the first time I started thinking and oh shit, that's how women feel. Plus the physical. Oh Yeah. Like, that's like Brock Lessner looking at you like, you know, that's like a, you know, dude, I, I have had gay guys hit on me that I could kill and it made me uncomfortable. That guy Like it, it just gets to this like, Hey, you know, I'm not gay, so what are you doing? Exactly. You're just trying to make me uncomfortable. Exactly. And he would, And you get nervous And this old guy would gimme looks And.


I would just feel, and it was the first time in my life I'm just like, dude, I'm jacked. I'm doing fucking MMA, but I'm feeling vulnerable. Weird. And then one point in the shower, this was like, you know when Chao at the booths, you know the separation booths? Yeah. And it was me and him. So I go in the sa it it's it, the gym is empty. I go in the sauna, I'm alone and dick's up. It's Ian, you know, it's Estonia Nation. So I'm in the sauna, I hear the shower door open and in my head I know, you know in your head you're like, there's other people at this gym, but let me bet. 'cause I saw him looking at me. I go, let me bet. And you know it, he comes in, he sees one towel up, you know, so there's somebody in the sauna, right?


He comes to the sauna. I wait for him to go to the showers first because I know if I go the next booth over, this guy's joining. So he goes into the corner, I pick the opposite corner, and then at one point I'm showering And I. Just, it's that human thing. It's that human thing where you feel something is watch or something is a tension, tension, tension. And, I. Look through the fucking all the, all the separation boots. They had a small gap that you can see through all of them. And these got Shampoo and these going knuckles up The other end. I just see his one eye like this and his dick in his hand.


He's not jacking off, He's just holding onto It. But something's going on. He's getting ready, he's warming up. He's showing you that he's got a, he's got a dick. But Then, and he and he had this look Serious. Yeah. Angry. And I'm leaving the gym and I'm passing And I know the administrator, girls working at the gym. I passed him. And in my head I'm thinking, I just got like sexually assaulted actually. Right. No, that's not assault. True. Don't be a baby. Yeah, exact. See No, he, he made you feel creepy. Made Me feel creepy. Yeah. So I feel I can't keep this in. I turn around, I go to the administrator, go, Hey. And we're laughing about it. I go this fucking old guy.


And then we wait and he takes like 40 to 50 minutes to come out of that chart. See what I think is, he's shameful 'cause Oh yeah. And he comes out, his face is red, he has a hoodie on and he's just ran out of the gym. Never came back. Oh wow. I think it just, that's that post nut. Yeah. you know. Well he probably is embarrassed that he did it. Exactly. Again, you know, it's probably one of those things. He's probably been kicked outta gyms before. Like, he's like got a exit strategy. Yeah. That's what he does. He's a shower jerker. Yeah. Those exist. That's why don don't like walking around naked. Okay. Like if you were a woman and you have your beautiful vagina and their coed showers, would you be really be comfortable washing your butt hole and your vagina in front of a bunch of men?


No, of course not. We, we, we are so gay. Guys are real. And if your little booty hole and your little dick is out flopping around in front of them to me as a person who doesn't want any of that, I would, I would imagine that I would not enjoy watching someone stare at my Johnson who wants a, Who Wants to take a piece and suck on it. No. you know what I'm saying? Like, okay, that's, we don't need to think about that. but I Think we have just the Culturally men think that way. That's why you can't have men in a room with naked girls. We, we did that. That's so in our culture, we all, when I was a little kid, I saw grown pussy all the time in This is, this is why your country's so fucked up.


You guys, you, you barely survived Viking Wars. And then what's left over? you know, you're just a bunch of fucking maniacal, crazy people showing each other's pussies and dicks to each other. I feel like something should be sacred. That's what I'm saying. Like, I have no problem with being around gay guys, but don don't think I should be showing 'em my cock. I don't think that's the right move. I also don't think ladies as comfortable as you are naked should be in a room full of men and just show your bare pussy. That seems problematic. It seems like it's gonna cause issues for you. Like I, I wouldn't do that if I was you. you know, if you wanna wear a bikini, great. Everything's covered. Which is like, how funny is that? The bikini thing is hilarious. you know that there's this little Tiny little piece of cloth.


Little tiny little Piece. you know, on Instagram they have that little, little, Little dorito. And you see all I don't see is the actual EPIs. But By the way, I like it. I'm not, I'm not saying you shouldn't do it. Please don't stop wearing them. I think they're great. I like GST strings. I like girls with beautiful bodies expressing themselves, wearing whatever they wanna wear. I'm just saying it's so different than shorts. Like if a dude wears Speedos, he's a freak. Right. A dude in Speedos. Unless you're in your fucking country. Exactly. But a dude in America, Speedo is a weirdo. Some dude in Speedos, that guy's a weirdo.


If you don't have goggles on, if you didn't come from a long ass swim, you fucking weirdo. Why you wearing Speedos? Everybody wears shorts. But ladies, that's bur Christians, that's Estonia. Every, every stepdad, every, every man I've ever seen growing up, I've seen their dick. That's inflammation in its human form. That is true. That is an inflamed body. That's an inflamed body. Yeah, that's, I wouldn't recommend that, but that it's what makes the g-string funnier. Right. The Speedos, that's what makes all of it funnier. But it's just, it's funny the difference between like, okay, women's formal, formal attire. Right. So not even formal, but like, say a woman who's a presenter on television, right.


Skirt no problem. Bare toes open. Open toe shoes, no problem at all. Have one of them. Ones that dangles off your foot a little bit. Not all the way on. No one cares. Vagina curtain that covers about 12 inches from your waist down. That's fine. Boobs All out. Pressed Out together and pushed up and forward. I love how that's normal. No sleeves. No sleeves. Yeah. Bare arms. As much skin as you could possibly get without being naked. And to be dressed on television. And that's formal Lipstick. Yeah.


They're always hot Painted nails, painted toenails. Yeah. Everything's smooth and polished and shaved. That's fine. That's the news. Yeah. This is totally fine. And that's formal. you know, Imagine if men, imagine if men in gym shorts and tank tops were giving the news how fucking stupid it would look. Imagine if like all these people that you see on the news. Oh, like imagine Don lemon in his boxer shorts with tank top on, given the news. Yeah. Well that's kind of what, like a dress is for sure. A dress with a skirt for those Fox News ladies, how is that different than me and like these shorts that I'm wearing right now and a tank top.


How is it different? It's just Less threatening maybe. And it's nice. It's, it's nice. It's nice. I, I don't wanna discourage it. I just think how crazy is the difference between what men wear versus what women wear. We have a jacket on like, it's cold out. We have a, a fucking vest and a tie and a shirt and all this shit. And women can essentially be almost naked. Yeah. And you only assume they have underwear on. That might be a thrill if you don't have underwear on the news. Well, if she had underwear on, maybe you'd be able to see it through the garments on the outside. That'd be terrible. That would ruin The look. Ruin the look that would, No one's gonna look at my pussy.


Have, have you ever had a girl like that? Did you go to a nightclub and they're not wearing underwear? I have not. And I would imagine. That's a wild lady. That's hot. That's, yes. I was one time dancing with a girl And she told You no, she grabbed my hand. We were holding and you, you know, walking to the dance floor. you know how chicks just fucking push people out way and radio. Right. And then we get to the dance floor and she pulls my arm. Oh, where is this? And it's soaking. Damn. Mm. She's a wild one. Wild One. Viking babies. That's what that is. That's what the survivor, And she was strong out there, you know, Survivor survivors. She Strong out there Of the massacres. And she had, she was living in Australia. She had one of those jeeps that has one of those fucking things up front that kills the kangaroos.


you know. Whoa. We saw one of those in San Antonio. Right in front of the truck or in front front. The production trucks. You see that fucking crazy. A Kanga thing had super tall Over the top. Oh. 'cause they're big because They're big. Oh right. And it's just, fuck it looks Matt Max. It looks like I'm up front there. It looks crazy. And she had that jeep, she had like thorns and then the balls hanging from the back. you know, the ball, the soft balls that they put in the back. They had that and she was just a fucking wild one. Wow. Had a kangaroo shield in the front of her vehicle. Yeah. Yeah. And this was like when I visited Australia and in my head I was like, kangaroos are like cutie patties. But when you go to Australia, they'll tell 'em like, we hate them.


'cause they just keep jumping in front of cars. Well, they're everywhere now Too. They're fucking everywhere. They Have a lot of kangaroos. It's a weird animal man. It's a marsupial. Like so strange. They have a pouch. They keep their babies in their skin. How did they develop a backpack? It's the insanes evolutionary. A little pouch. Yeah. How A bag. How does that I mean? How does nature make you get a bag? That's so crazy. Yeah, it's like one of the, we outta all the animals. So. like where the fuck did that come from? Like if you look at a deer and then you look at a elk, you go, ah. Kinda see, you look at a moose, you look at a caribou, you're like, ah, I can kinda see. And they're like, what's that?


And why is it only in this one spot? What Does it jump? Like? Yo, is that an alien? What is that thing? Yeah. Why did it develop on Australia and nowhere else? What the fuck is that thing? And how come there's nothing that can kill it? And. I. How come you stand on your tail and do like a stevo kick? They kick you and do like a stevo kick Hard. They can kick you hard. Yeah. They fuck you up. They disembowel people. Man, you gotta be really careful with those fuckers. Oh, and they're people Die from the big ones. The big ones, the gray ones that the gray ones was the big one or the red one. And Eddie. Eddie if one over there, he said he was walking through a backyard and there was like a six foot tall kangaroo. Jesus fucking Christ. He thought it was fake. He thought it was fake. He didn't know what it was. And his friend was screaming at him.


Get turn around, get the fuck away from it. Jesus Christ. The red kangaroo. That's the big one. Yeah. Did Marsupial, that sounds like a fucking alien too. A hundred pounds. So you gotta think a hundred pound thing that could run 43 miles an hour and it could probably strangle you like those ones that are jacked. You ever see the one that they choke out dogs and shit? Of course. Dude. Look at the fucking muscles in that thing. Of course, dude, what a freaky animal to have all over the place. But it just looks, look at that one to y I've seen all those pictures, By the way. That's, that's one that went to my gym. That's gold Gym. Look at that dude. That dude. This guy. Yeah. He is just chilling, Flaunting giant muscles.


Just sec. Look at The fucking guns on. That's Up player. We'll see You. Imagine getting in a scratching match with that thing with, with this giant claws. What's up? No, no, you're done. I mean the Fuck you up, man. They're dangerous and they're all over the place. But that was my question. Like what was supposed to be killing them? Because there's no like infestations of wild animals like that unless something disrupts the ecosystem. Huh. you know, because you don't usually, usually there's a balance, right? Like there's always gonna be a balance between wolves and, and antelope and or wolves and bears and wolves and deer. Because they're gonna figure out who wins. And if the wolves kill off too many of the deer, then their population's gonna drop.


They're gonna run outta food and there's gonna be like some sort of consequences. And then their population drops down and then the deer population comes back a little bit. Nature has a way of balancing itself out in most environments until human beings step in and start fucking with things. So my question is like, what happened over in Australia that that thing that one crazy animal becomes like hoards of them. Swarms of 'em. Like do you've seen show, show some of those videos of the swarms of kangaroos just running? So these people are in their car and you see just like don don't even know what the number is. Yeah. And they're fast. They're Fast. But it's So. like why are there so many of 'em In any environment where there's something like this, there'd be something bigger that eats it in every environment.


Yeah. There'd be a bear, there'd be something. I guess Australia has crocodiles, but don don't think they're doing such a good job of killing these things. Yeah. And Natural Predators are just like dog-Like animals. Oh maybe the thine, What the fuck is that? Okay. The Tasmanian tiger that went extinct. Oh that's, that's a, a native of Australia as well. That they have that in Australia. ta. But they have to shoot so many kangaroos. Now where is that? Jamie Tasmanian Wolf and a dingo and a wedged tailed eagle. Okay. So the humans probably killed all those animals. The humans probably killed all dingos. I know. They have to kill. And what was the other animal? Wedge tailed eagle. Makes sense. That's probably exactly what it is.


So I bet So the thine was Australia though, right? And it says Tasmania. I just typed in marsupial natural predators. And Mar Tasmanian wolf is the first one listed. Thine Tasmanian wolf. Yeah, but the thine the Tasmanian tiger. And then yeah, it says Tasmanian tiger. Before they were extinct and also humans. Was that ever in Australia or am I making that up? I feel like that's in Australia. I mean. It definitely wasn't the movies as far as I know. Right. That movie with, there's a good movie about a guy goes to kill it 'cause they're trying to find it. The last dial scene. Huh? The what the fuck is Willem Defoe? Yeah. Huh. William de It's good movie. Yeah. So what it is in Australia, native to Australian.


Right. Okay. So that there was that thing they the, you ever seen one? They're freaky looking. Show. Show the video of the last I thought known ine living thine Was in That's A thine look at the mouth on that fucking thing. Look how big its mouth is. Isn't that insane? It's like a horror movie. Look at this fucking mouth. Have you saw that thing open? Its wait, wait. Face, statue. It's a dog with a stripe and Shit. Yeah, it looks like a tiger. It's, it's a weird marsupial. In fact, real photos of the last, I'm pretty sure they're marsupial as well. So they think that thing might be still alive. There might be limited numbers of them. Well this isn't a ta, this. That's not real. Somebody str. Oh, This is in color. Oh, they colorized it color.


Oh, okay. It's old video because I think the film is from like the 1930s. But this is the last one. And look, they have it in a fucking box, man. Oh God. Zoos creeped me out. We just get so comfortable with tort Well's the last one Animal. Mentally. I understand. But can you bitches afford a larger piece of land? God dammit. Dude, this concrete fucking, That's crazy. You at the last of these things alive and you make it suffer in a small box. Wow. With no pillow. There's nothing in there. I'm not a big zoo guy either. I hate those. Even as a kid. I remember like, I just didn't Yeah, I remember like, yeah, even just seeing, I remember seeing like a hippo in a zoo and all he has is a small, it's a Estonian zoo too.


So Yeah. And it's a small, like a, just a, just a dribble of water on his head. And he would just, just 'cause they're all drugged out. Oh. And They do. And they would just do this like, just because also, you know, the animal doesn't know. Dude, I was in Massachusetts once. And I was on my way home from, it was when I was driving Limos, And I was coming down this highway. And I saw this really rinky dink zoo. And I was, I think I was coming from New Hampshire. I don't really remember. but I remember it was a long drive. And I had the, the rest of the day off. So I said, fuck it, I'm gonna go in this zoo and see what the fuck is going on in this zoo. Just for, for funsies. 'cause I was out there, And, I saw this polar bear.


I'll never forget this dude. Just pacing. Just pacing. Yeah. Yeah. They pace. Just pacing. And I was like, oh my god, he's in hell. It's a horrible thing to watch, man. It's a horrible thing to watch because like, that's a sentient being, that's experiencing a very bizarre and prolonged suffering. Very. And a disconnection from it's kind. There's no other bear with it. It's just by itself. By itself in this cement thing. And while people stare at it, something that would never happen in the real, in the real World. And also he doesn't know what the fuck is happen. 'cause it's the wrong climate. Everything's wrong. And he's like, why is my shit all so shitty?


Yeah. But honey, he doesn't even know. Yeah. That he's in a totally wrong, He probably is happy in Boston for like five months, a year or four months a year. But even then, it's probably not cold enough for him. I mean those ERs, they're used to living in places where there's nothing but ice. But it's also like they thrive that thing of like, they say that, oh yeah, but if you let him go, he would die. But that's also because you just, that's The ma. Well, you shouldn't have 'em in the first Place. That's the matrix. The real world thing again. Yeah. That animals also will have that thing where they're, if they're in the wild, I'm sure it's exactly like being in that matrix where in the zoo Yeah. You have all your food, all the stimulus, you're alive. Yeah. But It's that you gotta get that stimulus. Yes. You're created to struggle to hunt to fucking Right.


Yeah. Which is the I mean. There's a lot of similarities in human beings. Absolutely. There's a lot of people that are zoo animals. It's like when you go to nature. Yeah. Like in Austin, because I do so much comedy, I've, I'm also, I'm into cycling now and sometimes I'll cycle out of the city. But every two weeks I have enough energy to do like a long cycle. And when I get to complete, that's why I love Estonia too, that it's silence in the woods that you have and you just feel, 'cause that's where for thousands of years we've been there, you know? Yeah. That's where we've been in that silence. Yeah. With no, and then you just feel rejuvenated immediately. you know? I love the sea, I love the ocean, I love woods.


I've always been a big, and that's, that's, that's the same feeling you get. you know, it's just, you feel it in your blood. Mm. you know something's fucking, it's Raw. Yeah. You're alive. It's Uncomfortable, but it's raw. Yeah. Of course. I want to be on Twitter in my farting and ordering Uber eat. Of course. I want to do that. That's the steep, that's the matrix. That's the zoo. That's the matrix. It's the human zoo animal. And of course outside is a fucking mosquito. There's a guy. Yeah. There's whatever. you know, there's fucking, you hear some fucking animal, you don't know, I'm scared of fucking spiders. Everything that's, and the Bomb goes off. You hear the first recoil. Yeah. You're out there when you hear It. Yeah.


And your feet start vibrating. Yeah. Boom. They took Chicago. Boom. Jesus Christ. Yeah. That's, that's what we have to look forward to. The way this fucking goofy place is being run. They're pushing us closer and closer to like something Real. So my luck that as soon as I come to America, the fucking country collapses. Huh? It's not collapsing. But boy, it's in a weird state of this strange struggle where people kind of forgot we're all supposed to be united. And that's our strength. And being divided the way we're being divided, especially being divided by bullshit. you know? Like, you shouldn't be allowed to lie and you shouldn't be allowed to lie in a campaign ad.


And you shouldn't, you shouldn't, you shouldn't be allowed to use CGI to make your crowds look bigger. Like you shouldn't be allowed. You shouldn't be allowed to do any of these things. And we're allowing it. And it's having this tremendous impact on the way people see the news. The news is so filtered. Everything in this country that's in mainstream news, it's, you have to follow a certain set of rules in order to be able to get information out. And if you want to talk about the campaigns and if you want to talk about the war, and if you want to talk about what's going on in Ukraine and what's going on in God's, you have to have like very specific narratives.


And you're not allowed to deviate from that at all. And then that's what's giving you the news. And so we're all like, what the fuck is real? And so anytime anything happens, even when the president gets shot, we're like, was that even real? Like, we don't think anything's real anymore. Absolutely. And That's what primes us for the Matrix when no one knows what anything's real anymore. It's so much easier. Just slide right in Ari slide right in Ari. And ah, we're in, fuck the world dude. I'm in a secure apartment complex. It's level five security. There's bank fault doors that lock to make sure the marauders don't get in while you're connected. And you could just be free in this other world and ride around your dragon on Pandora.


you know, you're fucking that blue lady with the hair Have everything connected. Hairs with the dragon. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Wow. Yeah. That's what's gonna happen. And we're gonna give into it because we're making this world such a goddamn mess by not paying attention to what we're doing. Not paying attention to the really important things. Like don't let corporations tell you what's true. They, they're not gonna tell you what's true if they don't have to. Yeah. If they can get away with not telling, if they make more money, if they don't tell you you can't have that. Yeah. That's not how you get your news. Yeah. They can't have that. 'cause it's just too easy to manipulate. So easy to manipulate. Yeah. You know, insiders trading is illegal. But that's legal.


That's legal. You can manipulate the news. Like what? You can have, certain companies can advertise on the news and then you'll never criticize those companies. That seems weird. That seems weird. Yeah. Somebody was explaining how, isn't it crazy that how, how any politician that wants to get elected never mentions tobacco, alcohol. Like never the right because of the back. Yeah. You don't, you can't mention that shit. Which Is crazy. You can kind of mention cigarettes because it's, people are so stupid they're gonna smoke 'em anyway. Like it is just like, you can kind of get away with it. We should. Cigarettes should, they're terrible. No one should smoke.


Yeah. Yeah. Soon as they can figure out like a spray. They did like an inhaler. They're completely outlaw cleans those though. Excuse me. They outlawed Those a long time ago. Which is Weird. Outlawed what? Cigarette ads Or like, sorry, commercials. Yeah. Yeah. On TV and Radio. Do they still have 'em on the internet? We've had, we haven't had tobacco or alcohol commercials for like 10 years now. Yeah. I Don't think they used to only be in magazines Time. And then your cigarette packs are so cool. It's like a throwback to my childhood. 'cause it's like the red, beautiful marble design in Europe and in Australia and everywhere. you know, they have like a cancer on it. And you have the baby photos. Oh, all the photos, tumors and shit. Dead baby. Premature babies. Yeah. Lung, black lung.


I'd like to see what else those people are doing. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. They're blaming it on cigarettes. That guy is probably all fucked up in a lot of different ways. Yeah, A hundred percent. But I mean you can criticize tobacco and no one really cares. 'cause people are gonna keep smoking as long as it's legal. It's like alcohol. People are not gonna stop drinking. Shut up. They're not gonna, they wanna drink. They're hanging out with friends. Have a cocktail clink salute. Absolutely. you know? Absolutely. Congratulations. Yay clink glasses. They're not people like doing that. They're not gonna stop. And part of the talk, All the shit You want, part of the excitement of the clink is the fact that it's bad. Little bit. Come on. Little bit. That's the, it's part Of the Fun. Yeah. It's part of the fun a little bit.


Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. It's a little, little bit of Let's have fun. Yeah. And you know, it's a good feeling when you're with friends and you have a couple of cocktails and you're laughing your ass off. Like, dude, it's a good feeling. But you shouldn't do it every goddamn day. Shouldn't be your whole life. It should, you shouldn't be drinking 12 hours a day every day. But That's why it's so exciting is that life is not infinite. And you do take those small risks. And that's what's, that's what's so exciting. you know, Also, people that do drink 20 hours a day, those people in for in your life, in your journey. Those people are examples where you can learn something without having to actually do it yourself.


Like, you don't have to become an alcoholic and ruin your life. But you can see someone do it and say, okay, My stepdad was a bad one. Ooh, bad. One of those were in the mornings. He's, because your system is, you know, your system is done in the mornings, in the bathroom. He would take two to three hours of like shiting, the shitting and then just heaving, you know? Oh my. Because your body's just projecting all, all this poison. Oh, god. So you hear him throw up every day. Every day. Oh my. And the violent God, you know, there's no throw up left, but it's just the heaving, it's it's, and then put on a suit. Put on a suit, bloated as fuck. Put on a suit all happy puppy Survive for eight hours.


And then he would, I remember he would come home and as a child, he would come home and he would be in the car and just sit there in his car. And I would see him sit there. My God. And as a child, oh my God. Yeah. As a child, you're like, oh, hey, he's just taking a moment. Maybe you don't understand that this guy's barely keeping it together. Yeah. Because he's about to go down a rabbit and he's fighting the rabbit hole every, every day. He's, he's just like, don don't want to. And He, and then if you're drinking all the time, All the time, you're always Tired. Small vodka bottles. Small vodka bottles all the time. Get 'em quick. Like Little airline ones. Yeah. And the his hands, you know, and the sobriety starts coming. Ooh.


Yeah. And it's a sketchy disease. It was bad. It was bad. Yeah. And, and, but, but as a child, yeah. You're like, oh my God, I never want to do that. But when you start getting old, Was he ever happy when he was drunk? There was a tipping point When he become happy. Mm. No. It was like, the first drink is always happy because your addiction is giving you all green lights. Right. When you have an addiction, the first hit of that substance, right? All your body's saying is less, let's fucking go. It's all green lights, baby. Right. This is the night, right? This is the night. Yes. Let's fucking go because it's your whiskey, it's your addiction.


Oh yeah. Let's fucking rock and roll. Big glass of whiskey. But then, you know, as a child growing up in that environment, there would always be that point where you see him on the couch and that look, you know, an alcoholic's look is, you know, the detachment of the soul. Yeah. It's a dangerous look. It's then it's time for you to go to your room, you know, and just fucking hang out there and wait for the storm to pass, you know? Yeah. And it's like, and it was like, yeah, there was always that point of like, It's such a creepy fucking, And when you're a child, you're like, oh, don't do that. But when you start getting older, you also feel like, start feeling empathetic of like, you know, don don't know the life he lived as well. you know, substance abuse always works with trauma really well, they go hand to hand.


So this guy's childhood, you know, the more I found out, Which is true, which is true, because I hated him. I fucking, he was a, you know, He, if he's drinking heavily, it also could be like family influenced, like sometimes That's what I found out later Behavior when you're young. Absolutely. That's what I found out later, that he was in a, I thought I'm in a dark spot when he's home, you know? but I had some friends that became alcoholics that didn't necessarily have childhood trauma as much as they had childhood influence. And then friends that kind of all went down a bad road and they were all like, doing hard drugs and drinking a lot. Oh yeah. And, you know, it just becomes a part of the culture of your little community.


If you're hanging with a, a group of people that just like to get fucked up all the time. Yeah. It can, I've seen it suck. Good people in, like, everybody wants to say that. There's like some sort of a reason why you get sucked into it. I have had friends that have nothing wrong in their life. They're happy people and they take oxys and they don't wanna stop taking 'em. Jesus Christ. They get injured, something happens, they take 'em, they don't wanna stop. They feel good. They don't wanna stop. And essentially oxycodone, we, we learned this recently, is what Hitler was taking during the war. That's the video. They were giving him a form of oxycodone. That's these videos. He's, I i we had this gentleman on the podcast the other day that, what was his name again?


Norman Oler. No, his book's on right in front of you book right Hand. Oh, here it is. Thank you. Norman. Oler. Dur. Norman. Norman, sorry. Norman. Norman Oler. And this is all about Hitler's drug use during World War ii. But he was talking about that video and he didn't think that video was real. Ah, And I was like, why, why do you think that? And he, 'cause he had a, a direct, like a line of history between when Hitler gets introduced to this one doctor, ah, and the drugs this doctor's giving him. And That's the Olympic games one. Yeah. So that's 36. That should be before all that stuff happened in his mind. But I'm, I'm, I'm of the opinion that, that Hitler, if you can get him to go on oxycodone a year from now, he's probably trying some shit that he didn't tell you about.


That's what I would imagine. So the doctor, he's getting notes from the doctor who treated Hitler. How the fuck do we know how honest Hitler was with that doctor? He was probably already taking a bunch of shit they already knew. Stuff Was real. And when you're a leader, you don't want any of that information out there. you know that you're fucking Well, also, there was zero stigma when they first created meth. Oh, when they were, yeah. And he, he, Norman was showing us this, what was it called? Perine, is that the right name? So they had a, a literal brand of methamphetamine that they would sell in in German. These Are commercials, you know, this, those co those German commercials. I've seen those. It's Fucking crazy. Remember? History of Productivity? Yeah. They were taking a low dose of meth and they were giving it to the soldiers.


So his, this blitz book is insane because it's a story about how the Nazis were jacked up on meth and they just went all the way through Poland in three days. And that they just never, they never slept. They just kept marching. I used to Have a bit that, you know, while Germany's was his with meth, you guys in America were testing with LSD And. I would've loved to see those two armies meet, By the way. No, that's another part of his thing. The Nazis were testing with LSD as well. Ah, okay. They were running tests on the prisoner.


This episode is brought to you by Circuit of the Americas. It's almost time for racing here in Austin, Texas. With the United States Grand Prix taking place this October 18th to 20th. Imagine watching drivers whisk away at 230 miles per hour, strapped to an engine half as hot as the surface of the sun. And cornering with 77 pounds of force weighing on their necks nearly twice the GForce as a space shuttle launch. This will definitely be one of the biggest weekends of sports, entertainment, music, and incredible food in the US with racers like Max Vapin, Louis Hamilton, Charles Le Clerk, and Sergio Perez. Along with performances by Sting and Eminem. I've died and gone to heaven. This is 36 hours of unadulterated entertainment across the weekend. Three days of Formula One racing on a real F1 track plus sting performing Friday and Eminem on Saturday. On the circuit of the America's super stage in Austin. Experience and explore 1,500 acres across one of the most beautiful racing circuits in the world. Featuring covered grandstands, 30 plus Austin musicians performing around the venue. An incredible festival atmosphere with unique villages, fan zones and local eats and drinks. This includes the all pro smoke show, featuring the best of Texas pit Masters cooking over open flames. Get your tickets to this once in a lifetime event today@thecircuit.com. That's the circuit.com or text race to five 11. Five 11. Don't miss the greatest weekend of motors, sports, music, entertainment, and food in the United States here in Austin, October 18th, 19th and 20th. Just text race to five 11. Five 11 or go to the circuit.com today.


This episode is brought to you by Bowl and branch sheets. There are millions of things you could do to optimize your performance, but none of it matters if you don't get a great night's sleep. If you want real recovery upgrade to Bo and branch sheets, they've got better sleep down to a formula. Bo and branch's bestselling signature sheets. Use their highest quality 100% organic cotton with an insane softness and breathability so that you can fall asleep and actually stay asleep even on the hottest summer nights. Sleep better with the softest naturally cooling bedding from bowl and branch. Go to bowl and branch.com/jre for 20% off your first sheet set. Plus free shipping. That's B-O-L-L-A-N-D branch.com/jre for 20% off exclusions. Apply C site for details.


They were running tests on concentration camp prisoners. They were. Yeah. The, the test never came to fulfillment because the, the prison camps got liberated, but they were doing it. So they had record of them doing that with LSD. But meth is the perfect wardrobe if you think of it. You just fucking get amped up and jump into a ditch with a bioTE. Right. You're gonna go, you need some meth. Yeah. To have a bio neck. 100%. 100%. That's the right drug for a good soldier. Yeah. At the front of the line. They, and they had different dosages for different people. So if someone's in a tank, they get the most, they get the most meth. 'cause they're fucking, let's fucking cow. That's the front of the line. you know, they're the one that're gonna get attacked first.


So they have to be the most messed up. And who you put on LSD, the guy who plans the attack or something. Do you know that in, was it Iraq or Afghanistan? Where soldiers were listening to like death metal while they were operating tanks. Have you seen, have you ever seen videos of dudes like operating from inside of tanks? It's death metal. That's Gonna be the craziest job the world has ever known. You're in a giant metal box. Cl Cl cl cl cl cl cl Cl and moving towards war. And you're hoping that thing doesn't break you. Hope it doesn't break and leave you out there. You're hoping that when it gets shot at, or who knows, the transmission fails and then you're out there in enemy territory while they're shooting missiles at you.


I've always thought that 'cause the Germans were the first ones with the tank, with the Panza, right? That was correct. Right. don Don't know. I think so. I think so. I think The was the first always thinking like, imagine like being like a Russian Russian soldier or something. And you're with a, like a bolt action rifle and a and you See that fucking thing. But you hear a cra you don't even know what the fuck that is. Yeah. And you're like a car. But then you and dude that feeling clunk. Nothing. Cl cl clunk. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. A tank. A tank. What An insane idea. It's basically with the scene is from all choir in the western front. It's pretty Oh, pretty fucking badass.


Yeah. Yeah. It not a great time to watch it 'cause we're doing a podcast, but Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Oh, exactly. Is the first time they see the tank. Look at this. Oh fuck. Look at this. Imagine You can't stop them. It's Literally like seeing a transformer right now. Like if you would see Nuts, they have no idea what to do. This nuts. And nobody told you Right. It's a good movie to watch. No. Yeah. Nobody. I'll watch it. It's an amazing movie. Yeah, I heard it's awesome. I heard It's sad. That's the new one, right? Sad. Yeah. It's different from the book Slightly, but it's still, It's different. Sad. It's a Good story. Yeah. Well I'm sure there's no happy war movies. Yeah, there's how you know, no movies Bullshit. Some American ones are fucking awesome. Black lockdown Jarhead. Those are all fucking amazing. Dude. The pink mist Missing in action.


Don Don't never seen that. Chuck Norris. Ah, really? Yeah. It goes Back to The oh's. Vietnam's bring people back. The America made Karate kicks in the jungle with cowboy boots on American movies. Made wars in the coolest shit ever. you Know, not always saving private Ryan certainly didn't. Yeah, fair. That was like good. His full metal jacket certainly didn't Yeah, that's my favorite. That is a good, that's Favorite outta all the war movies. I was too young when I saw but Apocalypse Now here it is. This is missing it. Action. Chuck's flu up. What is He? He's driving around on a, on an inflatable fucking thing. See, this is the America I grew up in. Dude, look, they're all shooting at him. Bitch, you can't hit him. He's Chuck nars. And so he spit around.


I love that. It's a boat and they're shooting at a boat that nothing happens. No, it's a rubber Boat. They can't even come close to hitting him. And then they go chase after him. Guess what's gonna happen? Well, I'll tell you right now. Chuck Norris gonna fuck them up 'cause he's Chuck Norris So funny. Oh my God. He jumps in like awkward Man. What the fuck she Got? Look at him. Look at him. Look at him. Look at him. Bitch. He didn't get Chuck Norris. GGG I mean these movies are amazing. Amazing. They're Amazing because they're like, almost like you're watching a cartoon, you know, but then you can get like full metal jacket, which is, that's an intense, that's a totally different experience. Like that's, that's war I think in a much more realistic light For sure.


What, what those people experienced. Yeah, For sure. Jim. Imagine being a fucking kid back in the sixties when you didn't really have any way of knowing what the fuck was actually going on in Vietnam. And also, yeah, they're saying that the fucking end of the world's coming and you're the last frontier. you know, you have no way to check it. And even questioning it would be in bad taste, you know? Yeah. You're not supposed to. And the people are labeled traitors like Muhammad Ali. That is true. That they send you over there. That the American troops. Oh yeah. That's a crazy Bro. DFO killed, I Killed this. I saw this too young. I saw this too young 'cause I didn't quite get it, you know. Oh, you should watch it again. Yeah, I have To. It's Fucking great. It's fucking dart. I remember that scene when he was in the bathroom before he shot himself in the face with, and he put God and put his toe through the fucking Yeah.


Rifle. Oh my God. Yeah. That is true. That the American troops were much more because you've never been invaded. So Right. At at least our trauma that we heard from grandfathers and shit with was about like, it was almost a heroic thing of standing up for your country. Whereas American maybe. Yeah. It's kind of like, why are you going there? you know? And that trauma must be bad when you're coming back. 'cause they told you that it's, you know, they're fucking, you have to save the world, basically. Well they were telling them that they had to fight the communists. Right. And they told them that the communist North Korea had attacked a boat, an American boat that never happened.


The Gulf Tonkin incident. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. They just made up this story. So they, they made up this propaganda bullshit and they created a false flag and through that they, they justified us going into war. And it went on for a long fucking time. And it didn't make any sense. And no one today thinks it made any sense. No one today thinks it makes a good idea or it was a good idea. Rather, unless you, you're some insane war lover. Anybody look at Vietnam. Well Vietnam overall is a net positive because here's what we got out of Vietnam. This is what, this is what came outta that war. Okay. First of all the culture shifted this. That's how it needed to happen. Like, you couldn't even come up with justifications. Why would we go into this country and fire bomb them and and spray age and orange?


And who knows how many people come home with fucking cancer for, 'cause you used a deforestation technique that's like this horrific chemical. It kills people Crazy. It's Nuts. It's nuts. And they did it because people back then didn't have any access to information. There was no way to know, there was no exposes showing that, you know, this is not a real attack. There's no reason for us to be over there. There's other things involved here that's causing people to want to send us troops to Vietnam. And probably none of them good for you. Like you really as a United States citizen, that's What Yeah, that's what I'm saying. You be best served the, the world would be best served with you right here.


Well, a hundred percent. A hundred percent. You need to go over there and fire bomb a village because someone told you to. You don't need to go over there and fucking climb into a, a tunnel and go and try to fight some Viet Con guy in there. This is insane. Why are you there? Makes no sense. But they tricked people and they did it for a long ass time. It went on for years. And so the fact that they can still pull it off today, that they can still I mean who knows today. Like what we're gonna look back on. Like we look at the Gulf of Tonkin incident or what we're gonna look back on and realize that it had been manipulated. Yeah. So the event was real, but the event was caused by a series of moves behind the scenes to ensure that war takes place.


And there's so much complication when it comes to these things. 'cause there's so much money being thrown around. Yeah. And then at least today we have other outlets for information. At least today you can kind of get a sense of how things are true or not true based on really intelligent people that you know, that are online, that are talking about them. And you go, no, it's actually this. Yeah. Like with that female boxer like that, that was a big one, right. Where everybody's like, okay, what is going on? Yeah. Is that a, a female, is that a male? Is that someone has XY chromosomes? I Saw that information that it was the XY thing early, but it was just the levine of, of that that it's a man just came a bit too strong.


'cause the both information came out pretty much. I, I would, in my sources, I would say I saw similar time where it was like, oh, it's a man. But then you just open another scroll a bit more and then you see the XY chromosome thingy and then you're like, okay, but just the levine of that. It's a dude came on a bit strong. Well the XY chromosome is male. Yeah. Yeah. It's that male. Yeah. But the definition of like was, because I think the first, the first reaction was that it's a man transitioning to a woman. Right. Right. That's what people thought initially. And then they realized, no, this is someone who has a genetic issue. But the, the, there was another, there's a boxing committee that had in, I'm gonna send you this Jamie, 'cause this kind of makes it all make like a little bit more sense.


But it was essentially that there's, there's different versions of these kinds of diseases that people have. And depending on those versions, some of them, they're just, they're, they go through male puberty and they have male frames and they're male. But when they're born, they have like agenda significant issues. Okay. So here it is. I found it And, I'll send it to you Jamie. But it's European Vice President of the world boxing organization has come forward to confirm that Algerian boxer and Maine Kleef is male. This person said he warned the Olympic committee about several male boxers in the women's category, but nothing was done.


Who knows, you know, I don't, I don don't have any direct information about whether that is a male or female. Then let's just say that one, two slaps, The one two's not bad, but also that person's lost before Yeah. To, to female boxers. But here's the thing. But that doesn't, that doesn't mean that that doesn't mean like, there's a lot of girls out there, boys that can kick your ass. Exactly. There are, you know, get in the ring with a man of Nunez, good luck pitch, she'll fuck you up. And she's a woman. Right. There's women that are really, really good and this person might not be that good, but it seems like they went through male puberty, which should exclude you from competing as a woman. They look male, they have male frame, they have XY chromosome.


Like you're being told that you're a bigot for looking at Very obvious. Yeah. What we, we have always considered biological representations. Right. So like what, what is it, what is it in biology when something is a male human being? Yeah. Do they have an XX chromosome or do they have an XY do they say, well they have an XY Well we know that, but saying that makes you a bigot, which is insanity as A, as a sport, as a sports commissioner that's very black and white for me at least a chromosomal issue, you know. Well that's what the enhanced game system as Doing a human, I do feel empathetic towards her, you know, as a, it's just, it's a bit of a pickle. Yeah.


But I don't necessarily know if that's a her. This is the problem. What they're saying it's a male with a sexually, some developmental disease that they, or developmental an issue, some genetic anomaly, something that happens to them. But they're going, they have testes and they go through male puberty and they don't have the ability to get pregnant. Yeah. I don't even know if they have ovaries. Do they have ovaries? Don don't know. I was gonna, in this situation I don, don Don't think they have eggs. I'm reading a version that CBS sports put out where they talked to the, in International Olympics committee and the IBA, Which is, they're saying these tests are not legitimate tests.


Yeah, they, I was gonna bring this up too. They were saying that some people think that it's because the Soviets did them. They don't trust them. So the International Olympic Committee spokesperson, Mark Adams said in a press conference on Sunday, the test themselves, the process of the tests and the ad hoc nature of the tests are not legitimate. The testing, the method of the testing. The idea of the testing, which happened kind of overnight, none of it is legitimate. And this does not deserve any response. Okay. That's by saying it's not legitimate is a very weird thing. I, I had read it came up after this event where yep, she beat an undefeated boxer and then people got right. Mad. Right. But did this person, let's Google this then.


Did this person, this boxer, did they take a chromosome test That, and Did you see that article that I sent This article? This article says that, that originally right here, the, originally the test was kept confidential. Well, did not go on, did not undergo a testosterone examination, but was subject to a separate and recognized test whereby the specifics remain confidential. Then the next day, or like Monday, don don't know how many days later that was, then they came out and said something different. These testings show they have a high level of testosterone. Krem le said like men, they have men's level of testosterone cannot go further in our investigation. Whether they were born like men or some changes intervene at the later stages.


And Then that's where the IOC said, what you read earlier where this tests are not legitimate. Right. They done overnight. Right. But they're not saying why they're not legitimate. This is what gives me pause when they just keep saying it's not legitimate. The ad hoc nature of the tests are not legitimate. You have to say, when you're talking about a scientific test, you, there's some test that's repeatable. Right. So if you can test for XY chromosome versus XX chromosome, do it. Tell me what the results are. If you can test for testosterone, do it. Tell me what the results are. And if one says male says x, y and the other one says high levels of testosterone, that's not a woman. Okay. Sports, Sports wise Yeah, absolutely.


Sports wise. Yeah. That want to slaps with those shoulders. Yeah. But it's also, it's like what are we doing? Like why do we have women's sports in the first place? If you let I mean, you could say that some people have a genetic anomaly. Like that woman, she had X, X, Y. Right. She was like a legitimate hermaphrodite. I believe testosterone levels not XY chromosome, which is the pattern typically seen in men are the key criteria of eligibility and Olympic events where the sports governing body has framed and approved rules. That's interesting. But it's the same thing with, with when, when like totally I mean, genetical women start doing steroids. That's the whole thing about women's sports is the big problem.


Oh yeah. I remember like Once They do it, they change their Frame. I'm not making accusations, but Chris Cyborg, I remember was a, was a, what are you saying was a big thing in Strikeforce where it was the first time I saw where I was like, this is a big loophole in women's sports right now. Especially combat sports because it's about doing actually physical damage. you know? 100%. It's very visibly seen the difference. It's very, in other sports where it's reaction time and whatever, tennis or whatever you might make the, you might make the argument of like, just get better at the technique, you know? But in combat it's very visibly because it's, it's not only about the body and whatever, it's literally people who are on testosterone has been proven harder to K because you're just ramped up.


Yeah. You are testosterone. It's literally like the gold particle in the sense of fucking sports. They've stopped some fighters from fighting because they tested so hot. Absolutely. They're Like, get outta here. This fucking guys. Yeah. Yeah. I remember it was who fell, I remember it was jail son and Alistair over him. They used to fail tests where it was like, like the number, it's like there's the rage of 18 men coming at you right Now. Yeah. Well that's Vitor Belford in his prime, right? Oh, the, the TRT Vitor days. Yeah. I only could compete in Brazil. I wanna be home, bro. Oh Sure. like a Damon. He would come at you like a Damon. Yeah. He would have those videos where he was like on an an elliptical machine.


And he was The thing about this too, it's like if they're saying they're testing for testosterone levels, how often are you doing that? 'cause guess what? It's easy to make your testosterone levels crash. Oh, real easy. Well The whole thing is always that it's that that test things. Yeah, you can, it's like, it's like pirate thing, right? You, they're always a step ahead. They're always even All you have to do to kill your testosterone levels are drink alcohol. Yeah. Eat shitty food and don't get any Sleep. Don't just fucking live in the mountains of Stan and hope the connection flight is a bit late. That's Dude, that's ultimate there. Oh, very interesting that you went to a training camp.


Yeah. They're the best wrestlers. Huh? Very interesting. Well They are the best wrestlers. True. But they're also Jacked. Yeah. So is that what you're saying? Yeah. Yeah. Well I would imagine that if they knew for a fact that you couldn't get to the North Pole to do a drug test. Yeah. There'd be a fucking MMA camp on the North Pole. Yeah. Also, I went to a camp in Thailand back in the day. And I. Remember over there it was like not even a secret really. I go to the camp and it's like American fighters would be there And everybody would know that that's why they're doing it. No, no, No. Not everybody would know. They would be like fucking who?


It would be like handing out shots at a bar. Who wants to syringe? you know, what are we doing? And there, no, there's not. Dude. These are all retards that are just smoking joints and sparring. There's nobody doing like we need to to, they're like, nah, fucking gimme me. What you got? And are these people like pros, Semi-pro, you know, semi-pro. You live in a Honda Civic and you Right, right, right. Every once in a while you move back to your parents' place. 'cause it's 'cause it's fighting's hard. Fighting's really hard, bro. Woo. It's hard. Dude, You so you this so people don't know you. You, when did you start doing standup comedy and when were, were you fighting at the same time you were doing standup comedy? Did they Overlap? That was a transitionary period.


And I started, okay, so this is my martial arts history. Of course, as I mentioned, had a stepdad who was fucking crazy. Right. So there was that insecurity, you know, there's that thing of like, I'm not saying that having a father who's maybe violent towards your mother is a bit better. but I think there's a bit of a more evolutionary connection that a family dynamic can have. Whereas if you are like a 12 to 13, 14-year-old boy and a new guy, you're supposed to be the man of the house. Even though you're a child. Right. You're suppo you are. It's my sister and my mother and it's our dynamic. And a new guy moves in and this retard is now and He's an alcoholic.


Yeah. So that creates, obviously, so you have Insecurity, deep sadness in the house. Yeah. Tension. No, dude, I would still, now, my mom RIF city, my mom has always been RIF city. She was, she was always having fun throughout all the darkness in our life. We had a rough, we had some rough periods, you know. Wow. But in my house, it's always been fun city. I would always, it's always been my humor. I would literally, dude, I would have points where it's me and my mother on a fucking, 'cause we would just leave the house during the night. you know, we just walk towards, and my sister was a bit older so she moved out. So we would just walk in the night towards the direction and she would try to call all her friends where to stay for the night.


'cause this ape is fucking going bananas back home. And there would be, we would be on the sidewalk, you know? And so What did you start out with? Which, what was the first martial arts you And the next day I would go to school and still be fucking happy puppy. Just because I don't know, that was how we, we came up. Right. So then there was this program called Kick Ass Martial Arts. And it was Chris k Elli, this guy, soul Patch, British guy. He would travel the world. And this was at a point where Pride and UFC were happening, but in traditional martial arts were still holding on. Wing Chun was holding on, Aikido was holding on. Kung fu was kind of, it was kind of going away, you know.


But Chris Kelli had a program where he would travel the world and study these ancient, there's this like dim mock where it's like, I ha and seven years later you'll die of cancer. you know, all that shit. And as a kid I'm like, oh, that's all I gotta do. Move to Korea for two weeks. Study this fucking death touch and just come back and kill somebody. you know? Yeah. But then I remember I saw UFCI, I saw a few pride fights from Feder Milco because he, he was Russian. He was a big prominent figure in the martial arts community. but I, remember I saw Otto mda Shogun the first one. And in my head, 'cause Machida looked like a traditional martial arts, you know? 'cause he was half Asian or something, you know.


So in my head I'm like, why doesn't he do the, why don't these people do the Chris Kelli shit, you know, fucking neutralize your opponent to a wrist lock. Then I start watching Pride wander La Silva. He's stomping people, holding onto the ropes stomping. And in my head I'm like, why doesn't he do the dim, you know, hi. And you fucking, so then I was maybe 15, 16, late, late when I was doing gymnastics. And I was doing a little bit of weightlifting. And I saw dudes like wrestling, you know, And I started thinking like Greg Roman, And I saw them. Like su jacked guys in fucking just plexing each other. And that's where the wheels start turning of like, dude, you're not gonna wrist lock this guy.


You're not gonna, you know Right. I'm not gonna death touch this guy. This guy's gonna run through me. So I joined our a gym. SPG subsidiary, Jim Pritt. Mickelson. Shout out my man. He was a great mentor and a father figure at that time for me, And I joined his gym and, and it was Juujitsu Ma. We did everything together, you know? And did, I had my first amateur fight like five months into, into like doing it. That's Crazy. That's crazy. That's Crazy. Did now, did they make sure that the person you fought didn't have a lot of experience either? Yes, but he was like 34, you know.


Oh No. Yeah. That's not fair. And He went to war. He was like a former military star. Stood down a tank. Jesus Christ, Bro. Yeah. But he was still ama amateur rules, but still MMA gloves, fucking haymaker city, you know? Yeah, right. Was he good? Yeah, he choked me to sleep. I didn't time. I didn't time. I didn't time. Never shot, never tapped. I tried to tap. I was too late. Yeah. But Yeah, I would not recommend that. I would not recommend you getting your ass kicked by someone who has a lot more experience at five months in. I would, I always think you gotta give, I Think we were the same experience in martial arts, but he was a man. Dude, I'm a suburban boy. Was he though? Let me tell you something. If he got to be how old?


30 something and he went to war, that dude's had training. Yeah. I mean it's not just five months of training. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Fair. Listen, that kind of guy is done a little bit here, A little bit there. That kind of guy. Probably boxed a little when he was younger. No, but did a little karate. We Were such a small community that I still trained with him. I remember. And yeah, boy. Oh wow. It was, yeah. Boy was fine. So he was nice to you after he took his sleep? No, before I mean Oh, You trained with him before He was such a small community, you know. Oh wow. So I wouldn't say the skill discrepancy was actually that big, but it was just got, when you go to war and you can be in a competition, I'm having a full on panic attack.


Yeah. you know, I'm fucking first time in, in a fucking hand to hand combat situation. You're a kid. He's a man. This guy's stared down a tank of horses. How Old were you at the time? 16. Yeah. That's not fair. Yeah. Can't. And also like a pussy 16 another like a Pakistani 16 where it's like hair on my knuckles. And, I have two kids. you know, those are like the real mother dude. Whenever you would in those amateur circuits. Whenever it's like, I don't know if Americans do that, but like, if you say you're fighting an American, do you guys slip in that? It's like, it's Jerome, you know, it's, you're gonna just so you're ready. It's gonna be a bit of an explosive opponent. Like in, in Estonia. It's like if you're finding a Russian guy, are you finding Yvonne who's like me, he's a Russian guy?


Or are you fighting somebody whose name ends with Ari Matti of, you know, it's a very different, it's still Russia. Yeah. Mountain Russians We say from the hills. Yeah. We always say from the hills. Like it's, it's a bit of a, it's a bit of a, a bit of a different double leg that's gonna come at you. you know. Oh Dude. Did you see that Cory San Hagen Umar derma fight? Of course. Of course. Ooh. So high Level. I that for San Hagen, he was wrestling so well Yeah. Everything correctly. It was everything. San Hiin was cool. He didn't get backed up into the corner too early. He was keeping his distance. He had good knees and jujitsu. What I liked about San Higgin in that fight, he used Juujitsu. He was proper juujitsu.


Yep. And for the first two rounds, it's exactly like the Khabib thing. The first two rounds you can actually Outhustle not outhustle him, but you can, you can just, you can be explosive enough to create those moments of juujitsu where you can stay safe. Right. But that train just keeps coming. The train keeps coming. Just fucking Keeps coming. And mean. You don't think the difference in Umar versus Khabib is that Umar is standup. His standup is his So dynamic. Yeah. His kicking is so dynamic. It's so dangerous and quick. you know, like he throws head kicks off the front leg quick. He throws things that are fast.


Yeah. Yeah. He threw that front switch. Kick. Oh yeah man. It was like, not even a switch, it was just, he just slapped it out there. Dude, he's good. He's fucking good. Real good. His striking was on point. Like everything was on point. And he's more threatening, wrestling very good. It's like, it was a more potent combination of the skills that Corey has as well. I mean he's a, he's San Hagen's brilliant. He's one of the best fighters in the sport in my opinion. Yeah. So to see a guy like Umar beat him, you're like, wow, that's hot. And come on strong in the fourth and the fifth. That guy's, that guy's fucking good man. Yeah's crazy. He's fucking good. And him versus O'Malley would be wild.


Wild. Yeah. Or Rab. Him versus Rab would be wild too. Well Rab and him, I want to see more because Rab is also a bully. you know, Rab is a different bully. It's like a, he's, He's A bully. Made different, he's made outta different stuff. They say Rab trains hard, like right up into the fight trains Can. But you can see that right up the, you can see that. You can see that this Well the guy like that, you're always like, okay, how long can your joints hold out? Exactly. How, how long is it gonna be before your back goes? Oh absolutely. 'cause your will will carry you through if it, if the human body wasn't so goddamn fragile. Cause like that would never get beat. Never get beat. Yeah, exactly. That's the whole thing. Yeah. Like, like Came Velasquez when his body started going also RABs been dropped and hurt.


Oh yeah. I think it was Marlon ve who hurt him. Mariah Bad mash, Bad bad. Had him really badly bad and then he went out and stopped him in the next round. Yeah, exactly. Well Mariah had that thing where Poor bastard, this guy feel so bad for him because he was so good, so Good. But Just, it's such a chaotic sport where a few bad fights just can have such a tremendous amount impact to your fights that the next ones, you know, it's not like, Well the Shuda fight man, the first round he was lighting Henry up, Lighting him up Or I was like, if this guy can keep this up for five rounds, Henry's gonna get stopped. Patrick Henry just came on in the second round like an animal and beat the shit out of him.


He closed the distance. Mar Had a lot ugly like that. He had one in PFL too with that left hook and that switch kick. Yep. He came with Alger man, Sterling. Oh Yeah, man. Bad, bad. He came with Alger, man, bad went For a switch kick to the body. Alger man shot in the knee. But Then once he lost to Henry, he started losing to a lot of folks A lot. And now it's like There was the, the San Hagen dropped in with a wheel kick. Remember that? Yeah. That was a bad one too. It was right to the tempo. Yeah. That was a bad one. Right. To the tempo. Yeah. That Just shows the skilled diversity that guy has. He could do everything, everything. San Hagen's so good. Everything. So to watch Umar beat him, I'm like God damn. Umar's the truth. He's the truth. It's like those guys in that part of the world like Yeah.


And they're so frustrating because it's not like an incredible thing that they're doing. you know, if you watch somebody like Conno McGregor who has that fucking death touch, it's such a spectic. It's such like, oh my god, this guy, this has the power. Right. But these guys fucking just out hustle you out, grind you. Exactly. And they keep coming. They keep coming annoying and bully and mean. But then you got guys like Islam that could do everything and Umar, this is the difference. Yeah. Islam is scary. Standing up. Like in the beginning of his career, he was really good at wrestling. Not as good at standing up. But now he's just as good at standing up when you koko Kosky like that, you know?


And then you choke out Dustin Poer like that. Like that guy he's got, that's the full thing, right? He can head kick you. He could strike with you and knock you knocked out Glac T Bow with one shot standing. Yeah. you know, he can knock you out like legitimately. And he could still strangle you and he could still smother you. Like it's the perfect combination. But it's like, that is such a crazy strategy. It's like you're out manning every guy you fight who's out grappling him out striking him. Most people like try to be like a specialist. Right, exactly. But they're like the full Marauder. The full Marauder man. Yeah. I think if you wanted to like really think about like who's the most complete fighter,


this episode is brought to you by Mowen. Homes are a big investment. You want to protect them from fires, break-ins and especially water. Water damage is a lot more frequent. And something as small as a leaky pipe can lead to big problems down the road. And it can also be hard to detect since you know most pipes are hidden behind a wall. That's why you guys need the Mowen Smart Water Monitor and shut off. It's a device that can automatically shut down your home's water when a leak is detected. And it also works 24 7 monitoring and tracking your home even when you're not there. It'll alert you through the app at the first sign of a leak. Providing ultimate peace of mind and security. Learn more and buy the Moen Smart water monitor and shutoff at moen.com/flow. And right now use the code Rogan to get a hundred dollars off plus free shipping. That's Code Rogan at m mo e n.com/f LO. Automatic shutoff and real time alert capabilities will operate when the device is configured with the proper settings.


You gotta, you say like Max Holloway, I por, but Islam mache, you gotta put it at the top of the he. They're the most complete he could K you with a head kick. Well let's not just like John Jones. If John John active. That's what I was say. Let's not forget the one true god John Jones Active. That's my boy. The problem with John is This is the most dangerous man who've ever lived. Unfortunately. That shoulder injury and then the uncertainty about moving up into heavyweight. Like how's he gonna deal with guys like Francis? That which was always the big fight. That was the big fight. That was the fight that slipped between our fingers. Yeah, it was, it was the Fedor Brock Lesner. Yeah. All over again. That was the fight. That was the big one that slipped through our fingers. That was the fight. 'cause you know, the question is, would Francis be able to keep John off of him?


Exactly. you know? And would John be able to avoid the big strike standing? Exactly. you know, there's a difference in size that's pretty significant. Significant. Even when John was getting big. It's a different kind of big, you know, different big like the, the 2 65 that Francis carries around, that's a natural lean. 2, 6 5. Yeah, it's like a That's I mean. It's a co, what was it, cobalt mining or some shit? No, sand Mines. Sand mines. Yeah. Yeah. That's a different, when he was a child, a different guy. That dude's power is extraordinary. That's A different guy. If you can't, especially with them little gloves on, you cannot get clipped by that guy. You cannot get clipped by that guy. So the question is, would John be able to get ahold of Francis? Would Francis be able to keep John off of him?


If Francis can keep John off of him, would Francis be able to stop those leg kicks? 'cause John sidekicks the shit out of people's knees and it'll fucking scare you because it makes your leg hyper stand. It'll blow your knee out. Mean It's mean. I loved John Jones when he was mean. Clover dera with that, with that over hook. Remember that over hook that he had on the the shoulder? God. Ah yeah man. Yeah. Mean Elbows. How about Tiago? Tiago had to get two knee surgeries, both knees gillet Apart with Machida. As soon as he goes out, put Him to sleep. Just dropped him. Yeah, well his, his run in the light heavyweight division was unprecedented. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing like it. Yeah. Literally created for human combat.


Yeah. His body looked insane. Small torso with limbs coming out. It looked insane if you saw his silhouette. Looks insane. Right. And the how small his calves are. Yeah. Little tiny. But yet tremendous strength and Strong And smart and the best guy ever at like utilizing distance. Strong mentally. For sure. Mentally and clever. Clever. Yeah. We just have to see him back and the, apparently they're trying to do that thing. It's supposed to be in Madison Square Garden, right? Is that announced? Officially Young Jamie? What's that? The steep John Jones versus Steep a Madison Square Garden. November. I don't believe so there. So it's being talked about Also no respect to steep a but I don't wanna see that fight that badly as I wanna see, you know, I feel like you gotta give Steve a one more shot.


Okay. I feel like the guy's been strung around for this long. If you wanna respect the history and the lineage of the UFC heavyweight championship. you know what, you're right. He's the most accomplished UFC heavyweight of all time. He defended the title more than anybody. And you know, he stopped Daniel Cormier, he's a legit fucking killer. He stopped a lot of like very, very good people. He stopped Junior dos Santos. And he also won Francis. Yeah. He beat Francis the first Fight and he heard him the second time. Yeah, but he wasn't the second time. It was a different Francis. He's like Jesus Christ so much. One of the scariest Ks I've ever seen in my life in the apex. Yeah. Being there live was incredible. Oh, You were there Alive.


Oh yeah. So there was like a hundred people in that place When he followed up with the hammer fist. Oh my, my goodness. To the neck area. Yeah. My goodness. And that thud, Bro, that left hook was, and it was like when steep A was trying to like capitalize on a shot, he landed, it's One of those victories where me and the boys were on the couch and it's not a woo, it's a just a Yeah. Ah Yeah, It's a Oh, yikes. Because also, you know how much damage steep BA has taken in his career. Jesus Christ. So many fights Jesus Christ and steeper hurts him. There It is. He hit him with that left hook and really Hurt him there. Yeah. Yeah. But steeper also hurts him a couple times. Steep also hurts him. Look at his B right there and now Steeper goes, oh. And he thought he had it so he moved In the neck.


Ah, yeah. He thought he had 'em when he landed that right hand. Christ. My Lord. So apparently he's gained a bunch of muscle. Steve a has, he's been lifting a lot. And you know, he hasn't fought in two years. Thank God I'm doing comedy. Yeah. Thank God. But for me, when I look at an older fighter like Steve a, who's a legend, I say legend. That's kind of what I want. I want a guy to take a long time off in between a bad koko and then you, you know, no one's more disciplined than that guy. He's a very disciplined, dedicated fighter. That's why he was the most successful UFC heavyweight champion ever. He's also 40 something years old, right?


42 I think Even. Okay. So you gotta, if you just look realistically at natural athletes when they get to that age, you have concerns like how much of their performance. Do they have left? Like, and it varies, but it does last longer as a heavyweight. Absolutely. Heavyweights. They can, because The, it doesn't, the nervous system doesn't need to be as a rapid fire, as in a younger actor. like A Bantam weight. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like 42-year-old Bantam weight's kind of done. But George Foreman won the heavyweight title at 45. Absolutely. So Bernard Hopkins, I feeling, yeah. But Bernard was a freak. I just feel like as a fan and as a person who respects the sport, you gotta give steep a a shot. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Time. Especially when he was supposed to fight John and then John tore his shoulder.


See, would me, it's just like, if, if it's a classic thing of, it's the mean quote that Don King used to have that why he, when they asked him why he was like ripping off Mike Tyson. He was like, you gotta keep the lion hungry. you know? Oh God. Imagine that's your justification for stealing Money. I know, I know. But Mike Tyson fought six times that year, so That's true. Right? That's true. But soon as, but that is for some of those guys that that's what They need. Not some. It's as soon as, 'cause you know I was a big corner guy, SBG, the lineage. We were had the connection, you know? And as, and as soon as Connor started getting rich, I was, you know, as soon as John Jones got rich, all of us, I'm at home. Let me guess. Never gonna see you.


I don't think that's what happened with John. With John. There was a bunch of other factors. True Lifestyle like Absolutely. And that's why that steeper fight is also exhilarating of like the traditional family guy in the gym. The, and then the other guy was The greatest psycho that's ever. And. I. Love it. Dude. When he went to Vegas to get his Hall of Fame induction and just disappeared into the night. I like the ethanol. How many milligrams are those Threes? Can I have one? Yeah. This is athletic Nicotines another company. Yeah. Somebody Gave me eight milligram yesterday. Much. Oh, that's too much. I was having a panic attack at 2:00 AM That's Too ridiculous.


That's too ridiculous. I was having a panic attack at 2:00 AM I, Like, I've cut my, my consumption quite a bit. I like that fight. I think John Jones and Tom Aspenal is an interesting fight. 'cause, but if we just, Tom is a big fast heavyweight. He's a fucking powerhouse man. And he's big. He's big as shit and Big as shit. If you look at fights where John has had difficulty, some of them have been like really elite strikers. Like he had some difficulty with Tta Machida before he got ahold of Theta. First round. First round Machida. He had some difficulty with Dominic Res. Absolutely. Dominic Reyes. Some people even thought he, he lost that Fight.


Absolutely. Even Tiago Silva. No s Not Silva all. No. Santos. Santos. That's The guy who had kicked both his knees out. Yeah. But that was a split decision. Yeah. And even there, Tiago was, even though Tiago was hectic and temperamental in his exchanges, not like a fine striker. Well he's A super dangerous though. It created problem for John still. Yeah. That fucking sledgehammer. That that dude has tattooed on his chest. That's for real. Like that's how hard he hits that. That's, dude had a sledge hammer tattooed on his tits. It's amazing. But that dude was scary. But also with Aspenal and Jones, you know, every time people say dude watching him and Ilhan in all respect to Ilhan, but he never felt anything.


It was, it was a made up guillotine. Even just on the cage. He just was like, check this shit out. Yeah. But as long as he gets a hold of your neck. Yeah. And he's doubling you up in that position where you can press his chest on your head. That's with a guy like John with his kind of squeeze. That's horrific. It's a guy like Serial G that's only been grappling for like five years. You're gonna get strangled. It's Just that even with John Jones, you know, the heavyweight division has always been a shallow division due to the region of gen people being just that Sure. That size of humans. It, there's a very small percentage, including Heavyweight boxing. A hundred percent always. Did You see that guy Baley Knockout? Jared Anderson. Yeah. That holy shit. That Baley guys.


Terrifying. Holy Shit. Holy shit. I'd heard about him from sparring sessions. That was the first fight I saw. Yeah. Yeah, me too. I'd heard, I watched a highlight reel of him on YouTube. But I'm not the biggest, like, I don't know all the, all the fighters that are fighting. Yeah, I know a bunch. but I know like maybe 30% of boxing, whereas compared to what I know about MMA, so I had heard about this guy from an article saying that he, like, no one wants to spar him. And I was like, how come? And then I watched him fight and I'm like, oh well that's why Jesus Christ, he's 285 pounds. He's six foot Six. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. 285 pounds and takes a fucking tremendous shot. And a lot of people thought this kid Jared Anderson, he's only 24 and he's still very talented.


But look at this fucking Jesus Christ and the Bro they hit, that was round one. Okay. He dropped him in round one, but then he hit him with this sneaky ass uppercut in the fight. Beat shorts arm with pockets. Watch this uppercut. Look at this uppercut dude. I mean, my god, this guy's like casually like beating the shit out of him. This guy is, yeah, He's so And, I heard like people are terrified to spar with this cat. Like they don't wanna fucking spar with this dude. You bring this guy into spar you and he is just beating the fuck outta you. And he could take an insane shot. Jesus. He took like a three piece there too. Like it was nothing like, it was nothing. He just moves his head a little bit, A Little bit, A little bit. When he is getting hit, he rolls it a little bit. But the really good boxers, the guys who spar, look at that upper cut, that sneaky left upper cut he keeps hitting him with, look at that one he hits him with Also.


He wasn't exactly in and out of distance, you know what I'm saying? Standing just stands Right in front Of you. And he was a parallel legs so he can hit with both arms. He's much bigger. Right? He's 40 pounds bigger than this dude. And he's fucking Dangerous. He Shit man. Jesus, look at that. Right, right hand handman, how beautiful is it too? But it's like skillful. It's skillful. Fluid punching, but from a tank. He's that Panzer Skill. Yeah. Skillful. Yeah, exactly That Za. And he's, and he's a crazy knockout power. And he's a vicious body puncher too, man. Fucking Christ. I watched some of his highlights of some of his other fights. And. I went down a rabbit hole. Vicious body puncher too. It's terrifying. Just walks towards you, just beats your ass.


You can't hurt Him. Crazy. It's like a, remember Francis Nano and who's that? South African. Amazing. Not south. No, he's not South Africa. You thinking about Georg Rosen strike. Rosen strike. Yeah. Remember that? He just stormed. No, it Was literally, yep. Not even a proper punch. It was Francis just walked towards him like this. Yeah. Just winging, winging, winging nuclear bombs. And one of them caught him boom. Out cold and another one on the way down. Boom. Yeah. Well that's the kind of power that Francis has. It's just, yeah, Crazy. It's crazy. That's Why I always love combat sports so much. It's that. It's that there is, there's a lot of sports like tennis where a lot of money plays a big role in the, in the, in the sport.


you know, it's, it's a rich sport. A lot of, so a lot of money, A lot of, a lot of business. A lot of politics centers into the sports. Soccer is like that. Basketball is like lots of politics. But like combat sports is like a dude from Yeah. like a sand mine. Right. To somewhere in the world. Yep. To start ing people. And within five I mean Colonel McGregor a guy who's a fucking A pipe, not an engineer, but he was some blue collar job. There's also people that if They do something first and then get into fighting, like there's a lot of guys that are like power lifters. Yeah. Or CrossFit guys.


NFL players. NFL players. but I think a big one that's gonna be, that we, we will see is people gymnastics because especially guys who do the rings and things like that. Think about how much more arm dexterity and strength those guys have. Imagine that guy getting your neck. you know, imagine a guy like that who's a black belt in Juujitsu with that kind of crazy strength to be able to hold yourself up in the air like that. I did that maybe three, four years of gymnastics before I started. Did it help you? Oh, absolutely. That's why that's when I started arresting. 'cause wrestlers, cracker wrestlers do gymnastics. They all do flips and shit. Right. So that's when I started watching them practice And. I was doing gymnastics. And I. Remember when I started Juujitsu, I remember just even my get ups from positions and my techs where I'm strong, the positions where I could be strong were much more different than a guy who's like in the gym all the time.


Benchmarking. Right, right, right, right. Yeah, for sure. You have much better control of your body. Yeah. One of the things we found on the 10th planet was with Richie and Geo Martinez was break dancers. Oh absolutely. That's, that's gymnastics. Totally. That's gymnastics. Totally. When those guys started training where everybody was like, whoa. And so Eddie like started learning break dancing moves. He's like, Eddie's the best. He'll. Like, what do we gotta do? What do we gotta do? Let's do, let's show me how to break dance. Because like those guys can do all that crazy shit where they can spin around on one hand. Like so they can do like a lotus in the air, they could do a handstand, then they put their legs in the lotus position and they could stand on one hand and hop around on one hand. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Bananas. So that kind of control of your body and that kind of strength, like directly.


Those guys really got very well, they also trained really hard, but they got very good at Jiujitsu very quick. Yeah. My party trick used to be a back flip at a nightclub. Ah, No slippery shoes for you bro. Just Whip it out. You Can't have them slippery. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Those ones that, when I say men wear those shoes, I'm like, do you hate traction? Dude, with my, when I buy, when I buy jeans, when I go to stores, the the, the clerks will always think I'm insane 'cause I'll, I'll practice checking for a bit. Just check a kick. You know what you need? You need a pair of origin jeans. Oh, the stretch. Like stretchy ones. The most Light, stretchy Combat ready. They are Basically pajamas. They're basically pajamas. They feel like sweatpants. But Does they look pretty though? Yeah. Lemme show you.


Go to the Origin website. All America made everything threads, everything manufactured in America. Everything. 100% buttons. Everything all made in America. This is Jocko Willings company. I have They do with shirts sometimes too, when I feel just a nice shirt, but it's tight. I go, what if I need to pull guard These? They look like regular pants. They look like regular. Yeah. If you need to pull guard in these dude, you could fucking train in these. Dude. I could literally kick the bag in these And. I'm not bullshitting. I'm not bullshitting. You could throw head kicks in these. They're like pajamas but they look like jeans. $129. That's $110 outside of my budget. Yeah. I'll get you a pair. Just text me what your size is. I'll get you, I'll get you a pair. They're the shit.


They're the shit. But there's a kind a bunch of different companies that sell stuff like that. I really like Barbell jeans. They do that. Oh, I've heard of those. They sell those. I've heard of those. Rev Town are my favorite. Rev Town was like the best cut. Those are the ones I wore in the special. Those are Rev Town jeans when I did the special. Ah, they're super stretchy. They, they're like, you can stretch out in them, but by far the most comfortable are the origin ones. The origins. They nailed it 'cause it's the most loose. Like you don't, the other ones are like really free moving, but they're pink. Check Tucker, section G. Look at that picture. 20 bucks. That's my budget. When I talked about that in my special people were like, what? Chuck Norris action jeans. Like they were real thing Who find Your Legs.


They had a gusset in the crotch. Look at those slippery shoes. Yeah, he's got the slippery shoes. Chuck didn't give a fuck about traction. Chuck wasn't worried about re he was trying to pivot on you son. I Used to work as a bouncer in a club where there was an outfit for the security too. And dress shoes. Dress pants, red suspenders and like a fully like a T. What's the tuxedo shirt? like a collared shirt. Stiff. Not Good. And I. Remember the whole time being like, I'm gonna rip these pants as soon as I even do anything. Not only that, but someone with a collar on. If you have a collar, if you have like a shirt with a collar that is a weapon against you, that's on your neck.


Like why do you have that? That seems so crazy. If you're in a position where you think you might have to defend yourself, you should be wearing something that tears away from your body fairly easily around the upper body and the lower body. It better give you some movement. Yeah. You can't have any time and you better have some goddamn traction on the bottom of your souls. You can't have some, see that Was my big issue. And the floor is a nightclub fall. Yes. Those are all fucking od. All is slippery and beer and shit spilled everywhere. Every fight I would see would literally be the first guy throwing the punch. Whoopee. Yep. And they're all on the ground. And Then people are kicking you in the head with boots on. Yeah. Fuck that. Fuck that. Fuck that. Yeah. Fuck. Getting in fights. you know, that's the other thing people always say. If you, if I could fight, I'd fucking be fucking everybody up.


Like, no you wouldn't. You'd be dead. I punched one person in my lifetime working there, just one person. Most of the time I would grab them, try to get 'em in a hole. They would calm down. And one time it was soak kept the, the, this was this big fucking guy and he opened with a front kick. Oh no. A Well hip over fat dude. Like 40 years old. But He threw a legit front kick. Yeah, that's And. Immediately I knew I'm not gonna, yeah. I'm not gonna just grab him. That's a crazy thing to open with. Yeah. I grab, I get a hold of that And, I, throw an overhand immediately break my thumb to this day. Look my Thumb Immediately overhand straight to his temple. And, I feel.


Awe. My hand, everything. It's done shatter. It's done. Did the guy get hurt or did you? No, Nothing. Not a dent. Not a dent. Not a dent. you know, you know how he left the nightclub, how he dragged his wife with by her hair. Jesus. like a and left mid into the night. Maybe That's what she likes. She likes really Probably go to bar, look At fuck a bunch of people up and then drag her away and like, let's go baby. And she just rides Them. And then we went Chokes 'em. And then we went to court from that incident. Oh my God. To court. Did he get sued or did you sue them? I think it was the, the the re the nightclub suing him. Not suing, but so whatever settlement or I mean, it's still people got hurt.


So it's still some sort of an investigation or something. Right. but I had to testify in court and he had to do like a formal apology. They do that here too, right. Where you have to like stand up in court. Right. And do a formal. And he had to me and the other bartenders working there. I was the only security working that night. Of course. That's classic nightclub. 200 people. Only guy. 19-year-old kid. Cool. Yeah. Great. With a bartender who's gay. Awesome. Ah. So we had to be, and he had to apologize. He goes, he goes, gentlemen, I'm sorry. And you know how he showed up to court? He was just all swollen up not from that fight. This, this was months later. So he's just living that lifestyle. This is out there wrong. Yeah. He was Just showed up in court and he was like, I'm sorry gentlemen.


And just goes into the day. Maybe the cops Beat his ass Maybe, but he just came to court. And, I. Remember all of us being like, Jesus Christ is mongolo this Fucking, some dudes like to fight. That's a very unfortunate thing that you enjoy. See that was another thing that when, when I went to all these self-defense class, I used to the one wing Chun, you know, and, and there would be a master who said, you know, sparring is not real life combat. Right. In real life combat. I hurt you, I kill you. you know? Right. And I'm like, Hmm, interesting. but I would already go to Jiujitsu than I'd be in my head. Like, you know, this instructor shows up, he's got a belly button that has hair in it. Right. And, I, a little floppy And. I'm like, I reckon if I'm low kick You Right.


You're gonna feel something. And that was a big problem, you know, with self-defense courses. And me and Pret, the jujitsu guy. We, we actually used to go to a couple of youth camps where there was troublesome youth, you know, who get into fights. And we would do demonstrations. Where do you know, in the nineties, in eastern Europe, there was a rise in people getting stabbed because people would think that you take this course on, you know, you take a course every Sunday. Right. Where they teach you. Somebody had touched you with an hey ha, I remember my friend telling me like, if you had attack me with a knife, you're more dangerous to yourself than you are to me. 'cause he believed in this system. And then all these retards would be in fucking lavia or something.


And you're with your girl and some crack head comes up at you and, and you Carved up. Here you go Baby. And you see your fucking blood on your hands. And then that Yeah. And that's always what I learned from immediately I was like, from those street, from working as a bouncer, is that, yeah, I'm comfortable in a sparring environment. Mouth guard on. And we're friends, even though you're trying to take my head off, I'm in a comfortable environment where I know if I go out, it's over. you know, if I could hurt, if you hurt me with a middle kick, Well you're not gonna get, But there's men out there who go to bars, they get gacked up and they just brawl. Those are men who are comfortable in the chaos of a bar.


you know, Also probably not making good decisions at any stage of their life. See, that's what I'm saying. Yeah. Is that even though I might be a juujitsu guy, this guy's gonna bite my ear. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's gonna, you know, you don't Wanna fight people. Period. So that's when I really put together all those self defense. And me and Preet would go to youth camps and we would, he would like, he would like, he would like crank all up a, a plastic bottle. And he would be like, okay, Ari, do all the cool moves that we've, that they all teach. you know, like, hi, ha behind the back, grab the knife. you know? And then he would just, you know, I would like grab his wrist and then he would just pull the knife away. And he's like, at that point, you have a deep cut in your arm. Yeah.


You'd Be fucked. And he would look at those kids and go, so you guys think that if you see your white flesh like a rose open up in your palm, you think you're gonna look at that and go, okay, fucking get the pose. No, that's a instant panic attack. Survival instinct. you know, see this video recently, I don't want to see if it's really bad. Is it a knife fight? I'm a very, it's Not No, no. It's almost describing exactly what you're saying. Like, these guy, this guy gets his leg cut really Bad. Oh, I did see that. Don't show it to me. Don't show it to me. It's horrible. It's horrible. It's horrible. I've seen They beating Up up this kid and the kid pulls a knife out and slices his thigh open almost to the bone. Like where it opens up like a flap. Dude, I gotta pee so bad. Oh, I gotta pee. Let's be right back. We'll be right back.


Let's be right back. And we're back. We're back. Doesn't feel so good. There's a feeling that when you have to pee that like you're, you have like 30% of your, your mind is available. Absolutely. 70% is like, don't pass your pants. Don't. And you're talking about wrist locks. I'm like, right. Gotta get Together. I can't take it. Woo. I had to pee too, but I didn't. I was just like, I'm gonna piss my pants on this. No, We did it. We we held it together. We held it together. Hey, thank you for being there Saturday night. It was a lot of fun. Oh, and Friday night too, by the way. I have to, I have to say, dude, watching you do that live special is amazing to just watch you dude. I mean me and Ron White were in the green room when you were on stage and we were like, thank God we're just chilling.


you know, in comedy. 'cause it's scary. It's scary. Yeah. But Then again, and here's another point that I have to say that. Do you know how crazy it is that you have, okay, one of the biggest podcasts in the world. But you are an actual practitioner of an art form that only, only 10 years ago was not even standup comedy wasn't even the main form of comedy. There was sketch, comedy, improv. Movies. Movies. Standup. Standup was a subsidiary. Art form of comedy. like a small genre. Right. And that you with now your platform and your voice are a practitioner.


You could, this is how lucky we as comedians are to, to have a guy who's an actual practicing comedian. You could also be like a famous guy and just live in the shadows. Show up at a club every two months. Be a superstar. Do a 'cause you're talented. And funny enough, do do a good set. you know, people go home. That was great. That was Joe Rogan because he saw, because people come out to see you. They'll, they'll have a good experience. But you're a guy. You are riding bits. You are like coming to the club, your own club. Of course you're coming to the club and you're writing, you're working on it. You're fixing it.


And how lucky we are to have a guy who's an actual, you could be like a piece of shit asshole. You could. Absolutely. Yeah. But it wouldn't work. We would've never been able to do what we're doing. And what we're doing is really good for me too. It's one of the reasons why, like, I think we're all benefiting greatly from that place. Dude. We're all benefiting from the vibe of it. Nobody's benefited more than me. Me benefited more than you. Yeah. We're both benefiting, dude. It's all good, dude. It's all for everybody. It's all, we're all getting something out of it. And it's, we're all getting something in it together too. That's the cool part about it. We're all like, you know, Asana always says that, that's one of the things that door guys say when one of them gets a gig.


They say, we up, Dude. They're so supportive. Because I also, dude, I auditioned for Adam. Yeah. I auditioned for Adam. I got into the club. The, the, the like proper way. Yeah. I didn't, I wasn't some fucking made guy. No, nobody knew who You were. Yeah. And whenever I get some opportunity like this right now, they're all like so cheering for me. you know, it's Very supportive. 'cause they also know that, that this, all the stuff that's happening to you can happen to them. All the stuff that's happening right now to William Montgomery can happen to you. Amazing. All the stuff that's happening to David Lucas and Cam Patterson and all these guys, these Hans Kim, Hans Kim's selling out weekends everywhere, everywhere. He's killing it. And he's doing great. His, his act is tight. He's got some funny shit, man.


He's got some funny shit. He works at it. That, that kid has spreadsheets and shit. He's going over his material on fucking Google Docs, you know? Also, dude, every fucking week, there's another guy in that club that I'm like, who's this? And then dude Tyler Fisher. Yep. Oh my God. He's hilarious, bro. That bet he does about being a cop for the Petos bro. How funny is that? How funny is that bit? I, I, I showed it to the door guys. I filmed myself behind the curtain at Fatman having to follow Tyler. I film my own face and the applauses that he's getting and me being like this And I always riff with Tyler. I go, Hey Tyler, how about we, how about we keep five characters today? He has a full 'cause he has characters impressions.


He goes to the crowd, he jumps every, he uses the stage liners, jokes, anecdotes, callbacks. Everything is tight. Yeah. It's tight. And he's got so much energy, enthusiasm. And that guy was having a hard time, he was telling on the story, the, the podcast that like, he got dropped by his agent. 'cause they couldn't handle any more white straight men. Like you don't think do, do you guys, are you in the talent business? You don't see how talented that fucking guy is. But you know, it's like this weird thing that we're all a part of. Well, I was the just I mean, think of my storyline 8th of December. I'm in London, the uk. I I went to London a couple of years ago, had a great time because I was doing the open mic circuit.


But this time I went back as a headliner wanting to maybe move up in the industry. Two months, nothing's happening. Struggling just because I went to New York. Same thing. It, it was just because I didn't really have a connection. Nobody really knew me. And I'm also not a guy who's great at net. Like the showing up at the par. I don't do Coke. I don't, I hang, but I only talk bits, right? So And, I would go to like, let's say a New York, like a comedy cellar and there's like 20 guys with backpacks and tripods all waiting to talk to the manager, you know?


And when I see that, I always feel like I don't wanna be another asshole, you know? Hello. It's, I, I'm the guy, you know. So I just felt like on every audition I had when you audition in London, that's also shout out to Adam ett. do you know how crazy that is? That he watches Sunday, Monday? He watches everybody. Yeah. You can be on the street, a guy and you get to be in front of the, probably the most important talent scout. And he watches them and he gives you, and if you do a good job, he'll give you a spot. That's what, and He's really good at it. He's, he's really good at it. He really understands comedy. He, He understands comedy. He gets it.


He, he sees voices. He wants, he wa he gives everybody a shot. He loves. And he was on a show with Nor McDonald like they were co-hosts. Insane. His Best friend. Yeah. Yeah. He Adam's awesome. And he was one of the first resource, he was the first guy that I got when, while I was deciding to do this, he was number one. So I remember when Sam like, but, and then, yeah, so 8th of December, I fly over to Austin on 9th of December. I have nothing's going on. Sam Talent is in town just by accident in Austin. And he came to Estonia to visit me. We only talked the online before that. And he goes, yeah, sure, I'll get you a spot. but I didn't wanna bother him. So I'm still signing up outside. And then Sam goes, where are you?


Adam's looking for you? And, I go, oh shit. I go to the security, you know, the Avengers are out there. I gotta be like, Hey guys, you know, I go like, Hey guys. And they're all here, my accent. They're like, what the fuck? Yeah, you gotta get somebody. Sam comes out, I do my set and even before my set, I see Adam, I And. I'm like, oh, that's, that's the Adam I, because I read about him in No Brody, Steven Brody, Stevens in his special always says Adam, OT, like seven times. Right? So I remember that name. Adam Ot. Adam OT trying to hold me down. This is my shot. And he would, and he's back there And. I'm like, who should he actually, dude, I'm 12 years into this.


And to see a talent manager or scout or whatever, to actually watch your set is actually rare. Well, the story with me and Adam is, Adam was, he used to work at the Tempe Improv and that's why I met him. And he was always a great guy. And then he came over to LA and started working at the Comedy store when I had left. So I had left after the Carlos Mencia thing. I was gone for seven years. Yeah. So I was doing the improv, I was doing the ice house, I was doing other clubs. And so then he came and met me. I think it was like 2014 or two. Yeah, 2014. So seven years after 2007 now. And I was like, come on, come to I'm, I'm, I'm doing, I'm the talent coordinator now.


They got rid of the other guy. And I was like, oh, don don't know man. I don't know if I want to go back. It's just like, I just felt so fucked over it. The whole thing was so gross. It was like, fuck that place. But then Ari was doing a special there. So I, yeah, I knew I had been there. So I, I had to go back. So I went back Monday night before Ari or whatever Night Roast Battle was at And. I sat in the audience at Roast Battle. It was insane. It was insane. Jeff Ross said, This is like my first time at the club in seven years. And like it was, that was a cool feeling like to be like, I felt comfortable there again. And then I watched Ari sp I, I have to be there for Ari.


I'm like, this is, this is not just Ari's first big special on Comedy Central, but it's also Ari, my friend who I knew who was a doorman. Okay. When I was on, I guess I was on either news radio or Fear Factor. I dunno what TV show I was on at the time I met Ari. It might've been Fear Factor. But like all of a sudden I'm hanging out with this kid, this young kid just starting out. And then we become friends and he goes on the road with me and we work together. We do podcasts together. And then all of a sudden all these years later, he's got his own fucking Comedy Central special. And he's got his own Comedy Central TV show. Which is one of the reasons why they gave him a special and he's filming it in the fucking, or Wow. I'm like, I have to be there.


I had to be there. And so then I came back and so then I was there all the time. Then I just started going like every day I was there all the time. I was doing well. Yeah, we heard about it on the podcast all the time. I just went back full on. And then Adam And I started talking. And one of the things we started talking, I was like, what do you want? Do you want to do? He felt, you know, like a little bit underpaid. And there's a, I go, what do you want to do? Like what would, like, what would be the ideal way to open up a club? We'd start talking about what to do. We'd start talking about what do you, what is what is really important. What's really important is like a talent coordinator is, a lot of times it's just the manager picking headliners to come in for the weekend. Right.


Or some insane girlfriend of the owner. Yeah. So this is the difference. The difference is I think in, I think there's probably different kinds of classifications for what kind of clubs they are. Our club is a development club. Absolutely. It's not just a club for great headliners. Like when Colin Queen is here or Dice is here, it's a club for developing. So we said, okay, how many nights a week should we have open mic night? And we said two, let's do Sunday and Monday. So two nights full open mic night. And then it was Adam's idea to have door people audition with their act. And I was like, you know what? Door guys fucked off so much at the comedy store. They were so bad at doing certain things that we were scamming money and getting people to bribe them.


Which we've had. We've had that too. But that's normal. Right. you know, you gotta Things. Yeah. These are comedians dude. Yeah. Wild people. Wild people. But the door people at the mothership are so much better than any of the door people at the comedy store. And. I. Think part of it is because there is this ethic there that we're all the same thing. We're all together. Yeah. We're all the same. We're all hanging out together at Mitzi's Bar. We're all the exact same thing. Just some of us have been doing it 30 years. Some of us have been doing it 12 years. Some of us been doing it five years. Some of us moved here because they did a few open mic nights. It's the only thing they ever loved in their life. It's the only thing they ever wanted to do in their life. And they're like, God damn it, I want to be in Austin. And then they moved there and they got a job there and their act is what gets them the job.


And if you, you could string together a few minutes and you could show that you could get those sparks going and make a little campfire. Okay, let's see how much better you get at making campfires. Let's see, let's see what you can do. And that, that's the difference between that club and everywhere else. And it all goes all the way up to the very top. Whether it's Shane or Tony or anybody who's working on their act and working on new stuff. You see them. You see Brian Simpson constantly. Ron White than he's ever been. How old? Assassin 70. He's a thousand years old. Dude, Ron White was born before there was feet. People did, people still had fins. He's an animal. He's better than he's ever been before. Yeah. We were driving to your special in San Antonio.


He picked me up at from my house and I'm like, I'm in the car with Ron White. Yeah. And he's just talking about DMT doing 90 miles an hour all the way sideways. He's like a, there's another world out there. I'm like, we're doing 90 This one though. Ron's in the simulation for sure. He, but also, like I was saying about you, he also, you might think that this guy will come to the club and be a superstar. No, he comes in and works on his act. Talks about bits. Yeah. And he hang out Having a panic attack just like I am. And he loves when a bit bombs. He comes like, well that fucking didn't work at all. At all. And he's like trying to Explain, Explain to us why this bit Bombs he comes to groove with.


So he goes that fucking suck. Ah, yeah. Yeah. They weren't my favorite. But he was, he's two things. One, he's the reason why I moved here because he was the first guy, he was here before the pandemic, But he's from Texas. Yes. So he moved here. Like I was like, where you been? Because I knew he still had his house in Beverly Hills. I'm gonna get rid of my house in Beverly Hills, I'm gonna live down here in Texas. And so he, he said it was center of the country. You could travel anywhere. And I was like, damn, maybe. But I'm like, I can't live there because I was always wanting to get the fuck outta la but I can't leave the store. But once they shut the store down, I was like, oh, alright, well what the fuck am I here for the crime? Like what am I here for if I'm not here for the store?


I don Want And you're not doing movies. I, yeah. I don't want my youngest kids to grow up in this place. It seems like it's getting worse. Yeah. And I also felt like there's better places to be. And so when we all came out here together, it's like we all, especially like when when we first started talking about the developing of the club, it was the whole idea was like, let's do it our way. Let's do it the right way. As opposed to doing it as a business. Let's do it as like, what are you trying to do? You're just trying to make the best club possible. Yeah. Okay, well then do that. And then the business stuff. Put that aside. You gotta stop. Don't think about maximizing profits 'cause there's only one shareholder. So let's just do it the right way.


And the right way is the comedians get most of the money the right way is you bring the best people in the right way. Is you develop talent the right way is you have a show like Kill Tony that sets the tone for the, the entire comedy universe. It sets the tone and then guys like you can get on that stage crack some fucking great bits. Yeah. And then bam. It's crazy. You're off to the races. And I kind of feel like, 'cause I'm a big book guy. I've read everything about the Comedy store, everything about the history of the industry. Late Night Wars David Letterman moving. Yeah. Johnny Carson moving from New York to the Burbank. I know everything. And I kind of feel like I'm living the Gold Rush. That was in the eighties and nineties in Comedy Store.


I kind of feel like I'm living that right now. This one's crazier. Well yeah, This one's crazier. 'cause this one people are doing arenas. I mean we're doing Kill Tony this weekend in Madison Square Garden. There's two nights, two nights in New York City. Sold out Madison Square Garden. It's, this is Tony's and Red band's coming out. Party This is like, this is the big deal. This is the big deal. They sold this out quick, quick, you know, and it's a beautiful thing to see. It's a beautiful thing to see everybody flourishing. And this idea that we had actually work, it's actually coming to fruition, You know? Amazing. Yeah, It's crazy. Yeah. And to have you guys, to have you Tony and Ron there when I was filming that thing also. So the green room was just like regular green room.


Regular Ass green room. Right. So we're used to hanging out and having fun, laughing, being fun and just like being silly together. So we're all being silly. So I was just super loose. But then also there was that moment where me and you were in your green room and both of us were in our notebooks for about 20 minutes. Just in silence. Yeah. And. I. Remember after thinking like, holy shit. See this is what it's all about. Yeah. We're just writing bits and just, You gotta work at it man. And sometimes we don't, you know, sometimes we don't. And one of the things that really made me think a lot about this, the, the live things So. like First of all. I said no when my manager called me And I said, do you wanna do a live specialist? I was said, fuck that don, don't do that.


And then I was, I was always got off the phone with her. I was driving And I was like, why did I say no? Like why is such a pussy? Oh 'cause you're scared, you're scared of doing it live. And I was like, oh, why, why are you scared of doing it live? Like what is it about like, you do everything live like you do UFC Live podcasts are essentially, they're, you know, they're recorded but you just, you're just freewheeling. Right? So why can't you do that live? Like just prepare better. Just prepare more. So I was preparing way more. Oh Yeah. Watching you develop that hour was insane. You were working, dude also, I've never seen you off. I've seen you in the green room, maybe in a different mood than the other night. Dude. When you go on stage, it's the rock city every fucking night.


It's crazy to watch. Well I've just been preparing this set for quite a while. you know, I thought I was gonna do a special in August of 2020. That was the plan. 'cause I had done a 2018. So I did, 2016 was triggered and then my next Netflix special was 2018. That was strange times. And I was gonna do one in 2020 and call it Sacred Clown. And it was based on the Lakota Hika was the, the person in the tribe that made fun of everything. 'cause if you couldn't make fun of anything, it was bullshit. They, they, they had like a spiritual person in their tribe. Wow. It was, their goal was to make fun of everything. Wow. It was a sacred clown. And so I was like, that's perfect. 'cause that's what it is. You're just talking shit and making fun of things. And you should be able to do that about everything and everything you can't make fun of is most likely bullshit.


Well that's your comedy club dude. I love that you called your comedy rooms after the two nuclear bombs. But that already shows there's no rules. There's no rules, there's, it's over And. I was worried about that at first. I was like, God, this is so disrespectful. But that's perfect. That's letting you know there are no rules. Do you know one of the reasons why I decided to definitely call it that. Why? Because I told it to Louis CK and he went, ah. I go, that's it. It has to be that. And also it's part of UFO folklore. One of the main reasons why I wanted to have them. 'cause I knew I had two rooms. And I knew there was two bombs. And it was after those two nuclear bombs were dropped that they started. Kenneth Arnold had his sightings. Roswell, New Mexico had that big sighting, like all the big events of UFO folklore happen after the bomb.


And the idea is that these interdimensional beings, these notice these, they, they go, okay, these, these fucking crazy territorial apes have now developed nuclear bombs. We gotta show up. This could be very dangerous. 'cause if these idiots arm themselves as we have right now to the point where they can blow up the whole world like many, many times over, they might do it. Let's, let's like, let's make sure everything's cool. And so that's when all the UFOs started. So before the comedy mothership we're this UFO based thing, we kind of had to have those as the name because that's what, that's so funny. That's what sends out the signal. Yeah. Those bombs, fat man and little boy, those bombs are this. That's what, if you believe And I, I love to believe, I don't a hundred percent believe, but I kind of love to believe, I love to at least talk about it.


If you believe that we were visited multiple times by alien life and a lot of it happened after 1947. Makes sense. Well yeah. If the universe is infinite and there's a, there's a higher species out there. Yeah. You would look at Earth and you'd be interested 100%. And then what the fuck, who knows what happened in Roswell was, so the bombs were 45, Roswell was 47. Who knows what really happened at Roswell? But They do know that whatever they did, they took that wreckage and they flew it in two separate jets to write Patterson Air Force Base. Because they didn't, if one of the jets went down, they wanted to make sure they still had the wreckage. They put it in two different jets. That's how important this shit was. Guy.


Whatever the fuck it was. Who guy called Bob? Bob. Bob Azar, Who had that crazy story. I just remember one story where he told that there were like multiple doors open and for an like, it was an act 'cause they were separated or something where he was working on and by accident he like saw this spaceship like through the doors. And I remember being like, holy Shit. Well he saw, when he went in to see it for the first time, it added an American flag sticker on it. And his first inclination was, oh, this is why people keep seeing these things. These are ours. But then the way it's described now, who knows if it's true? Yeah. Who knows. Okay. but I love to believe it is. And it, the way he describes it is like they essentially brought him in and said, tell me what this is.


Figure this out. How does this work? What is, and they really never did. They kind of got a working understanding of it. But it based on some element that was only theoretical at the time now been proven by one of the particle colliders. They created this particle, Hydro particle colliders, Right? Well, yeah. The The one in Switzerland. Yeah. That's where it is. Right? That's the, That's the black holes. Yeah. That's they're worried about Cool bro. It's gonna a black hole that shoot, I remember I did like mushrooms for the first time. And I started reading about it. I'm like, great. They're fucking, Those super nerds are gonna kill us all. But they, they did discover that this element that Bob Lazar theorized exists.


But then what I've heard is like they already knew that that was going to be an element. So him saying that there's a lot of things like the Higgs boin, there's a lot of things they, they knew existed, but they needed to get proof of it through the particle colliders. And so a lot of people aren't that impressed with that. But he said they had a stable isotope. They had a stable version of this element. And this is what powered this generator. And this, this stable version of this element would sit inside of this container and it would be bombarded with radiation and it would somehow or another manipulate gravity. It's the wildest story ever. The most fun story ever. Yeah. But he essentially said they had, they were trying for years to try to figure out how to reproduce it.


And they, they had, they couldn't figure out how it worked. They did a bunch of different things. One guy died apparently trying to cut into it. Holy shit. Yeah. That was the guy before him, apparently. Yeah. And, and then there was the, the wacky thing of alls that, we talked about this yesterday. That they said that his, they had a big thing on religion and one of the things that they said that they look at us as containers. Yeah. And it is like that religion was here so that we don't damage what's inside the container. The the, the religion was put here to give people rules and regulations so they could fall so they don't destroy their souls So. like they're just harvesting our souls. Yeah. And making sure our souls don't go Wrong. 'cause we would be just sucking and fucking and sucking. Right. No. And imagine that if that's what happens, that's how they trick you into downloading your brain into a computer.


That's it. That's the end result. They're just trying to get that soul and then you are just Trapped. And that's what hell really is. Just stuck on a hard drive with nothing there. Imagine living your whole life, being paralyzed, but you don't need food or water. But you're lying on the floor of an empty Yeah, yeah, yeah. An empty office building that's, that's you inside a computer forever in The void. Ha. And they don't download anybody else under your hard drive either in the void. Because if they have other people on that hard drive, it'll ruin the hard drive we cannot have. Yeah. Yeah. Of course. Your code and my code mixing together. Oh, come on here. Yeah, we're in a weird time. My brother. We're in a weird time because the reason why comedy, as you were saying earlier, is like Stan, this, this kind of comedy is like the most prevalent comedy 'cause the only one you could actually be free and do You can't make Tropic Thunder anymore.


You can't make, you know, there's, there's A lot. There'll be a, there'll be a movie. It's a pendulum. you know, culture is always a pendulum. There'll be some dude, there'll be the nude Andrew de Clay. There'll be the new Tropic Thunder. There'll be the new super bad. I hope so. Yeah. A hundred percent hope. 'cause at some I hope so. 'cause as soon as, as soon as something is like 51% of a popular opinion, the 49% becomes cool. The rebellion comes cool. Yeah. But it won't even be popular opinion. The popular opinion is a almost a hundred percent that they would want tropics on. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's True. you know, the real popular opinion amongst people who go to see those films. Lemme say it that way because popular opinion amongst people who don't go see super bad, what difference does it make?


But the people that do go see those movies and do enjoy those movies would go to see one right now. Most of them. Most. But there's always But but yeah. But, and that's why I always be, there's so much fun and rebellion and breaking the rules and the more Yeah. I, I always thought think the stronger a line is, the more power you have of crossing it, you know? Right, right, Right. Also, I just don't think the line is real. I think the line is a small, very vocal minority of people. And the majority of people know what jokes are. Yeah. And but you can't finance these things anymore. But then again, if it's, if it's all no rules and no like, ah, if you could don't get a reaction, then it doesn't have any power. you know, it's like, like when Tony, we were just talking in the green room when Tony Hinchcliffe said faggot on Netflix at the Tom Brady roast.


Right. That's like if you're a culture nerd, that's like a cultural moment. Right. Because we call him a confederate fag. Yeah, Yeah. Because he's saying something. Yeah. That unanimously five years ago was the line. Yeah. But now The line's moved. It, it doesn't even move. But people dance around the line and it gives it power. Because if you create a line, you're gonna create people who are gonna dance around it. Give them and that's Yeah. But no they don't. We didn't agree to the line. That's what, but the thing is like that line only existed in corporate controlled media and existed in like virtue signaling internet People. That's the power of the release when you Know. Right. But that line didn't exist amongst friends.


Oh. That's why. Off the record talk. Yeah. Real shit talk. That line never existed. Retard was on the table. Oh, Retard has never left the table. Never left the table. Especially in quiet company when you're alone. Yeah. you know what's going on with your brother? Dude, Tarded, he's fucking retarded. I can't, I can't talk to him. He doesn't Listen. That's normal talk. Normal talk. We know what that means. And the, the idea that we're supposed to back off these words because a select minority of very vocal people who are like super sensitive and probably medicated. Like, no, no, don't listen. Like no, don't watch that movie. No, don't go to see that standup. You don't have to like everything. I, there's a lot I don't like that other people love.


And guess what, I'm fine with that. I like it. I like the fact there's a variety of different human Beings. That's the best part. I see. It's a fun part of being a human. Yeah. It's fun. Yeah. And you know, that's the, the beauty of true diversity. you know like one of the things that's great about the club is the lineup is actually very diverse. But not because we wanted it to be diverse. We wanted people who are really good killers and they come in all fucking sizes and shapes they Call it. Or cameramen. Yeah. Fat gay guys. Small fucking porn addicts. Like they never this, they're all over the place. They're all over the place.


They're all over the place. Everybody's different. And that's good. That's good for everybody. And it's like we speak this language. We are here for this art form. Everything else is fine. Like you just be a nice person. Be nice to us. We're nice to you. We're getting nice to each other. We're all gonna grow from this experience. We're all gonna be better people because of this. We're all gonna be better members of a community. We're creating a community. Also, there are nights at the little boy because of the yonder banks and stuff. I'll say some stuff. Yeah. You get a little wild that I know is not leaving this room. Right. And the release you see in the people where they're Laughing so hard, there's Like a 40-year-old guy with his wife and he's like, I can't believe this European fuck is saying this.


This is not okay. But that's so fun. Right. Not okay. But then there's a lot of people that are laughing really hard. Oh No, no. Something. No. That's why he, but he's also laughing 'cause it's not okay. But It is okay. It is okay here. But it should be Okay everywhere. It's okay in private company, right? Oh Absolutely. Off the record talk Off the record talk. Yeah. But it should be Okay. And this art form requires that you do that. It does. It doesn't require you have to do it. There's guys like, you know Brian Regan who are brilliant. Jim Gaffigan. Brilliant, brilliant. Gaffigan's brilliant. You never have to worry about him offend unless you read his Twitter. You never have to worry about him offending you. Right. His his stuff is bar Perfect Example. Nate's genius.


Genius. Brilliant. You can talk about table Squeaky clean. Yeah. Tho those guys have always existed. And those guys are us too. It's fine. It's like no one dislikes Sebastian. you know, everyone loves Sebastian. He was just at the club last night. Yeah, I brought him up. Amazing. He's the best. The best. The Nicest guy too. I love him. That talks about his mole infestation. you know, he wants to cook. This is Like cook Guy. He's awesome. He's awesome. I honestly just got a message from one of my friends. They said they saw him at the club last night and he was brilliant. But like the point is like everybody's different That's great. That's great. Boy girl. Gay, straight. Yeah. Everybody, there's a bunch. All you have to do is be good.


That's it. And, and you don't get any brownie points for your group if you're not good. Okay. If you want to come on just because you're a this or a that, guess what? There's no room for that. Well, all the, you have to Be good. All the festivals, comedy festival. I was a big festival circle. 'cause that was where you could get up back in the day. Yeah. Australia Burg, JFL, they're all falling apart because they didn't listen to the ripples of laughter. Well, they're doing a different thing. Here's the problem. The people that are doing the festival themselves are not usually like working standup comedians. Yeah. Right. So they're people that exist in the ecosystem that aren't creating the thing. Right. So they know what they like, they might know what they, and they might also apply their own personal politics to their decisions about what kind of comedy they wanna see.


It's also, is it their personal politics or is it the politics that they think people are gonna gravitate to? you know, I think It's both. Because I think primarily in show business, people are indoctrinated into the cult of leftism. Yeah. It's almost almost universal in show business, except for a lot of musicians that kind of keep it undercover. But a lot of actors have to keep it undercover too. Like conservative actors just keep their mouth shut. Like Chris Pratt type dudes, they get in trouble every time they talk about Jesus John C not talking in Chinese. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Well that was different. That was a little bit of an apology. That's okay. I didn't do that bit in my act. But the whole thing about it is that, you know, we, you've gotta let people express themselves however they are.


However, whatever, whatever. What are you, you know, Tyler Fisher is very different than David Lucas. Right. David Luc is very different than Ron White. Everyone has to be able to express themselves in whatever form they find themselves in going through this life in the best possible way they can. That's what we're setting up to do. But that's like that jazz thing that I was talking about is the resignation of the feelings of the story that you're expressing that people gravitate to. And when you start putting a bullshit agenda out there. Exactly. I feel it. I see it a hundred percent. I see it. And that the, the anti bullshit is that green room. 'cause the green room is so fun that you go on stage from there with those good vibes. Like I oftentimes, I'm like sad that I have to shut my phone off.


you know? I'm like sad. I gotta go guys. And I. Like, I'm sad that I have to leave our fun clubhouse sometimes On Saturday that I have to go on stage. I know. I'm sad. I have to go on stage. Yeah. I'm, I'm not really, of course, but I want to continue the conversation. I know I'm gonna have a great time on stage. I'm looking forward to it. but I wanna continue the conversation, you know? And then having you guys in the green room with me when I filmed the special was huge, man. It was huge. 'cause it really was like, I always feel this, like, I went camping with Brian Cowen once we went to, we went on a deer hunt and I was like, dude, this is gonna be crazy. We're gonna go to Montana. It's gonna be freezing, it's gonna be five degrees outside. We're gonna be sleeping on the frozen ground. Oh my God. We're gonna go hunt some mule deer in the mountains. You wanna do it? He's like, fuck yeah. And so we did it, but I was like, if you And I are together, it'll be fun no matter where we are.


Like Brian And I could be hanging out in some shitty motel in the middle of Saskatchewan just laughing our asses off. Just ah, because we're friends and we've been friends forever. Yeah. And so we can have fun together. So no matter how chaotic the situation is, when you have friends with you, it changes what the situation is. So even though that was a live show in front of who knows how many fucking people watching live on Netflix, I, I was hanging out with you guys. Yeah. It was normal, normal show. And so I just kept myself in normal show mind and just went on stage. It was very normal show mind, cool to learn. Like watch you from the side and being like, yeah, you're just doing another set. And also you are, you were so well prepared that you were like the perfect guy to do that live special.


you know, you Gotta prepare in a different way. It's like, there's the thing about archery, okay. Like if you say, if you're proficient at 50 yards, you can hit a bullseye on a regular basis at 50 yards. You really should be hunting at about 25 yards. Because at 25 yards you're shaking, you got adrenaline, there's anxiety. Maybe this is a new thing. you know, there's a wild hog moving 50 yards away from you and you're drawing on you like, oh my God, is this really happening? Like, you probably shouldn't be shooting at 50 yards. Yeah. If you wanna shoot at 50 yards, you should be really proficient at a hundred yards.


And you should have a bunch of shots already under your belt so that you are accustomed to this experience. So with comedy, I was like, okay, I know I've done a bunch of live shows, but I can't just go up on stage. Like this is a regular live show. Like I've done a bunch of shows in front of a live audience. This is gonna be a way different pressure. And if I don't agree to that, in my mind, and if I don't address that in my mind, and over prepare preparation, You Let that tiny window of doubt open and that the little demon of doubt will sneak in and steal your confidence and fuck with your head and give you anxiety and make you start thinking about what if you Bomb? What if you forget the jokes?


What if you forget what place you're at? What if you forget the line? What if you ever forget the punchline? What about that new punchline you gonna do? Or you gonna forget it? Ah, you could mind fuck yourself. Or you could just super over prepare. So I super over prepared. Yeah. I listened to recordings. I watched videos. I, I wrote for like, I I I prepared for like five hours the day of the show. I never left my computer. That's How I always feel about writing and writing during the day about comedies. People always go like, oh, you just write an act. And, I go. To be honest, 99% of the shit I write during the day doesn't end up actually working on stage. Most bits still click on stage. Right. but I can't.


I have to give an energy out to the universe that, listen, I'm preparing for this. Yes. Just so I know that I'm ready. you know, when I go on stage. And even though you can't exactly say that I'm writing the perfect set and it's gonna go as I wrote it, but the energy that I put out in the universe is that I'm preparing. Yeah. It's, it's also, it's not, that's not the process. The process is you write it exactly as you're going to say it because you really need to say it in front of an audience to know how to say it. Exactly. And you need to say, hear it for yourself too. And you need to actually, the whole thing is, it's a framework for you being in the moment talking about that thing. Right. And if you can, like, if you can set that framework up well on piece of paper or on a computer screen, that's great.


But then you review it and then you keep tweaking it and you keep fucking with it. But also if I don't write, I just feel like I am, why am I not working hard at this? Right. And that gives me anxiety of being like, right. Because I remember the first lesson in martial arts that I had the first lesson in my life. I, we have compulsory military service in Estonia, which I didn't do. I regret it. The only reason I didn't do it is I did sports. And guys who went to do the military service, they, they ate shit food, got back, injuries, came back and they lost a year in their athletic life. And a year as, you know, in an athletic version. That's, that's huge. Yeah. So I didn't do that. I regretted that. But the first lesson I got through martial arts was that why I wasn't successful in mixed martial arts wasn't because I'm physically not, I wasn't talented.


But the reason I wasn't successful was because I always thought about, I wanted the accolades. I wanted to be the cool guy who gets the head kick kisses the girl. Right. And he's cool. You didn't want to deliver. I didn't want during prac, dude, during like jujitsu classes, when my, when Brit is talking about ar arm bar defense, I'd be daydreaming about what song am I gonna come out to? Ah, you know, that's Hilarious. You're a showman. And I would go, I, I I don, it's just boring dude. I wanna go spar. So I would go to Thai boxing clubs and spar and have fun with my friends. I would build a fake ring in our gym and we would do all the cool stuff that we wanted to do.


And then I remember maybe a year later there was this, there was a, there was a nerdy guy who started same year as me. Nerd, nerdy class, not physically gift not gifted at all. A year later I spar with him and he, this fucking nerd is fucking me up with a jab. But that's because he gave, he, he had mat time. Right. We always call investing this, this expression called mat time. Sure. Oh you can be amazing and talented and a fucking beast. But if I do 400 hours and you do 22, no matter at the end of the day, I'm gonna get you because I have mat time. And that, Especially with jujitsu Especially, But it's, it's also how much energy are you putting towards a thing.


Exactly. That's really what it is. And it wasn't that and that. And that's what I learned about the whole thing. I was like, yeah, he was putting energy into the universe and committing to something. Yeah. And putting that out there. And even though It's also you're looking for a result and he's involved in the process, you have to trust the process you have to. Exactly. And that's the process of writing. Exactly. See and this is one of things that I tell comics all the time, they always say, I write on stage. I'm like bro, I do too. I do too. We all do. Especially when you do bottle in the barrel. You always write on stage. You're fucking around. I fuck around all the time. It's fuck around all the time. It's fun To fuck around. Most of my bits come like this. Sometimes They do, but also you can write. Yeah. This doesn't hurt you to write doesn. It doesn't hurt you.


No. And me preparing for this live special made me really concentrate on like tightening up segues. I didn't want to and anything to be clunky. I wanted to like really make sure. Yeah. That I had it fucking polished down. Jerry Seinfeld had a great quote where he goes like that, a comedian told him, yeah, write on stage. He'll, he said, I'll see you in 20 years. You look, you can write on stage. There was a great article that was out that was about Jerry Seinfeld and Chris Rock. I think it was in Fortune magazine. See if you could find it. But it was essentially they were saying, Chris Rock said this best. The guy was going, you know, do, what do you do during the day? He goes, I don't do nothing but I do every open mics every night.


And he said, during the day is where you make your money at night is when you collect it. Wow. Look at that. You collect your money at night, but you make it during the day. So true. Because the performance is just a byproduct. It's a great article and it's the perfect mindset. Especially coming from a guy like Chris who's, you know, put out bigger and blacker and was the other one that was like is is two is Two Great ones. When he first And then, fuck, What was the other one? Bring the pain. Bring The pain. Those two are some of the greatest comedy specials in the history of the world, in the history. And that guy, man, like listen to him. Whatever the fuck he has to, he used to come to the comedy store and he had a very unique strategy.


He would come to the comedy store with premises and like ideas that he had, but he did not have them worked out. And he would just eat shit. Like try to eat, like try like let it be like, let there be like some blank spots. Let there be some dead air and force himself to come up with the funny and find the funny. And then you'd see it revise the next night and you'd see it revise. That was what they said about Pryor. They said Pryor would show up at Tuesday with a a bunch of ideas for bits and they would bomb. And then on Wednesday they might bomb a little less. And then on Thursday they would start kicking and then Friday came along and he was in the made room murdering with some shit that he came up with on Tuesday.


But that's because those guys aren't scared to stare down the bull. Right. Right. Because a lot of guys get their first 20. Right. And they're so scared of letting it go. 'cause it was so Hard. So hard. And it's hard. People always say, oh it's hard to be an open micer. No bro, it's hard to be Chris Rock. It's hard to be an open micr too. No, it is. But what I mean is it's hard. But I May's harder to be an open micr. 'cause you don't know what the path is. Like you don't even know how to get funny. But What I mean by that is that the open micr, how many guys did, when you started coming, how many guys did you know who were so much funnier than you? Just because they played poker without chips on the table. They would show up on their terms, go on on their favorite room, do their favorite material.


They would have a couple of drinks, but they would then disappear when And then when they get the weekend and it's Thursday, you gotta be funny at eight o'clock Friday, you gotta be funny at seven and 10. They would kind of fall apart because they're only playing poker by their rules when they're comfortable with their friends in their favorite rooms. Right. But can you be a professional? Right. Five times a week Also, when you feel uncomfortable going to this new place and then you know you have to do a long time. Do you have the stamina to keep that party mind going on for 45, 50 minutes? A lot of free balling. A lot Of free balling. Yeah. Free balling is fine if you're doing 15 minutes. Absolutely.


you know, you don't worry about it. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. It's on your terms. It's a different thing. It's On your terms, you know. Yeah. Well I think if you're gonna prepare for a special, you have to do a lot of hours. I don't really think you could get away with, unless you're a guy who does a lot of non-sequitur, maybe you could piece together like three or four sets and then put 'em together for one night. 'cause if you know how they go, you could do that. Like if you're working in New York City, but there's no substitute for those long assets, man. Yeah, absolutely. And there's different types of comedians that have a different process. Absolutely. There's no right way of doing it. No. But are you staring down the bull of your own fears? you know? Right. Whereas some guys maybe might not benefit from riding during the day.


I get that. But are you maybe overlooking some? No, no, no, no, no. Everybody benefits from see Yeah, that's what I think. I don't believe that. I don't believe that. I believe even the greats, even the greats who don't do it, if they did it, they'd be even better. And I. I think that because of my own personal experience with, with writing a lot. Absolutely. When I started, I remember that was exactly the murderers around me who were a bit ahead of me during the day. They would all have these talks and they would all be like, what is the path and the energy and with the, you know, what is the comedy? What is it? you know. But the whole time I'm just writing basic hacky anecdotes. 'cause I'm fucking two years in. Of course Im writing basic hacky anecdotes.


but I, remember from sports, I just look because they all came from the either fucking bars or artistic or theater. I came from sports. Right, right, right. Where it's like, no, no show up for practice. I don't give a fuck if it's your off day. Listen, if your leg hurts, don't kick as hard. But just be there. Be cognitively in the process. Yeah. You're putting energy into the universe. And the way the universe has always worked is if you put energy out, something's coming back. There's never Yes. I've never known a comedian who has been working hard, honestly for 10 years and hasn't made it. I've never known a guy If they have it, if they have the spark. But there has been some people that somehow another snuck through.


Oh, in some bizarre way that are still there. Yeah. But Even that is a true testament of if you just fucking Right. But what? Yeah, but we can talk about that later. That's not important to be negative. But, but yeah, you're right. It's, it's like if you, I always say to people that are funny at all, like if you do an open mic night and you make me laugh, I'm like, you have the hardest part down. You're funny. So true. Now just keep going. Now just keep working on it. And the more time you spend working on it in every realm, whether the more sets you do, the more recordings you listen to, the more writing you sit in front of your notepad. Yeah. Write, sit down, come up with ideas, mess 'em around. Mess around. Like go over some of your old notes. You should have old notes. You should have like a orphan baby folder So.


like they're, they're orphan jokes of mine. you know the the, the thing about writing, they always say kill your babies. you know like for editing, like it's hard for writers or hard for anybody's creative person. They create something. You don't wanna let it go. I have like a whole folder of orphan babies, And, I. Go back to that folder every now and then. Every once In a month. Maybe I need to talk about that again, huh? Yeah. Maybe I'll find a new way. And so you always have like some fertile land to till and that's only from writing. If you don't write then you're just stuck with what's in your mind right now and what's in your mind right now is it's probably pretty good. A lot of guys do very well with what's in their mind right now. Especially They do a lot of sets. But you're really better off if you also spend some more time working on the ideas in silence by yourself.


Just sit there, sit there and you'll, every now and then you come up with some of my best lines. I've come up with that way. Exactly. It's outta nowhere. And then the most magic dude I had that at at the little boy on Tuesday doing bottom of the barrel where I pull out the subject and there's a like a shelf in my mind that was there. I put that topic there seven, eight years ago. Ah. And then you remember it. Yeah. Just Put it there. And. I. Never even thought about it 'cause it was so stupid. It was even. And then it comes out of bottom of the barrel bubble. like a little gift from the universe. No, no. Go to the green room. I write it out. Go straight to Fatman murder.


Ah, Yeah. That's the beautiful thing about that place. It's, it really is a true place where you could develop. I'm taking a couple weeks off, but I'll be back. Yeah. Hell yeah dude. It's crazy. I need to just relax A little. you know the first time I saw you was in Australia comic. I Know. Yeah. We're talking about that Comic comics lounge Melbourne. Yeah. One of the door guys, Tim was a good friend of mine and he writes me during the day, Hey Tony Hinchcliffe. And this was when, 'cause I told you this was when Tony, this was fucking eight years ago. He was already good but he wasn't the heel that he is now. Right. The guy. Right. But he had that spark. 'cause when he opened for you in the theater, I remember he opened with Melbourne, Australia, lots of white people.


What is this? Heaven and Melbourne is a super liberal, you know the theater? Ah, the release. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. There needs to be tension for there to be released. Right? Yeah. Ah. And I remember my friend Tim writes me and he goes, oh Joe Rogan. And they're coming to, and it was another guy's, it was like an Australian guy's show or something, you know, that's his headlining show. And he was big in Australia but not like pack out the club, half papered older people. you know? It was like a, like a regular crowd. I would say nothing superstar rockstar shit. Right. And all the open micers all me, everybody gets back into the room to watch you.


'cause you are our first famous guy that we've seen drop into that club. Ah. And in our head, you know how open mic, we're all haters dude. We're all like, let's see this American guy bomb. you know? 'cause we're all haters at that point. you know, open Micers dude. Oh yeah. I was a hater Dude. Yeah. What do you think, dude? I'm getting two minutes at this club. What the fuck am I, you know, so we're all like, oh how's this? And you come, they go from America And this was, you had the Rogan experience. It was, I think on you just went from Ustream to YouTube. It it, it was big in the comedy community. But in Australia, pop culture not that big. you know, you were the fear factor guy I would say most just looking at the crowd, what they thought of you. And you get a polite nothing like it would be today. You get a polite applause and you go out there and it was your triggered set.


You did, you did so clever too. You did the opener of your hour and the closer, right? 'cause I saw you in the next day in theater. Yeah. Dude, you were murdering so hard when you had that Kim Kardashian pit. When you're climbing on a stool, you're kicking off the heels. Yeah. Sweat was dripping. 'cause it was summer in Australia. Sweat was dripping down. I remember. And all of us like comics in the back are like this, this, this is not a crowd that for who? Kim Kardashian is a prevalent pop figure. But your bit was so, so good that it transcends the reference. you know, it's like me as a young kid watching Dave Chappelle doing crack Baby. I'm an Estonian white kid in a suburb.


What do I know about the corner? Right. And the projects, I've never seen a black person, but he's literally never. But he's, but his talent transcends. Yes. The reference. Right? And. I, remember you murdering so hard. And that's when I was like, holy fuck. Like, 'cause we all thought you're just like a famous guy who just does stand up on the side. And we were like, nah, this guy's a murderer. And. I. Remember that Poor headliner I mean rest in peace. And you were like slamming. Well thanks brother. Yeah. That was right when I was about to film triggered. So yeah, that shit was tight. Tight.


That shit was tight. And then I remember somebody comes back to me, they know I smoke weed. They go, Mr. Rogan needs weed. Dun. And in my head I'm like, Didn't we hang out on this little, like a balcony area little fire scene. So lemme tell you about this balcony. Hey, we gotta go man. Oh, I'm sorry. I gotta wrap this up. Let's, I gotta wrap, wrap This up. Wrap. Let's wrap it up with this. Okay, So you're on the balcony and I, I get the weed And I tell my friend Tim, you see I'm cool. I I'm not gonna talk and fuck everybody tried to talk to you there. I'm just gonna give you a fist bump. And the weed. I, I go, I have the weed. Tim grabs the weed, turns around and just walks away. And in my head I'm like, I wish I could have just given you a fist bump, you know?


But now, nine years later, hey fist bump. Fuck you Tim. Yeah. Fuck. Fuck you Tim. You hate her. You take his weed. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That was fun. That was a, it's cool. It's always cool to go to a different country and see the scene. Fuck. Fuck yeah. See and Melbourne had A pretty good scene dude. And then you murder in the theater. 7:00 AM I see you at the UFA Holy hor Rhonda Rousey. Amazing ko. Dude. I go back to bed, I wake up. You are already in LA talking to a scientist, engaged. I'm like this guy fucking, that was like a crazy weekend, you know? Yeah. It's a wildlife. Anyway, again, thank you my brother. Thank you for being at the club. Thanks for being an awesome guy. It's, it's great having you around. It's great. Thank you so much to see you flourish and if people get a chance to see you live, don't miss it.


Ari is a real killer. Thank you. 12 years in and it, it's beautiful to see you there man. And thank you very much for being there Friday and Saturday night. You Fucking heard Of this. It meant a lot to me. It really did. Thank you brother. All you guys, Ron and Tony too. Like that meant so much to me. 'cause it was like, it was, I was at home, it was like we're home no matter where we go. Fuck Yeah brother. The club's amazing. Thank you so Much. Appreciate. Tell everybody your Instagrams, they could find you. It's Ari Matti comedy. R-E-M-A-T-T-I comedy on Instagram. Easiest way. do You have a website? No, Building one. Building one. Okay. I have an old one. Ari Matti dot com. Okay. But if you go to the Instagram, all My dates are there. Alright, beautiful. Alright, thank you so much. My pleasure. Bye everybody. Bye.