
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The. Joe Rogan. Experience Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night. All day. Yep. Yeah, man. What's Up baby? Joe Rogan. Good to See you, brother. Dude. Thanks for having me, Man. My pleasure. This is a fucking pleasure. How fun was this weekend, man? It was insane. It Was not since Cher was at the Garden, has there been so much pandemonium, Bro? When Brian Holtz was screaming about Billy Joel Love, You're going right to that. 'cause I was like, how long are we gonna wait until we talk about Holtzman Isolating the Room? He Was amazing. He was amazing. He seeing him at the Comedy Store, which we've seen him many times. Yeah. And then at the mothership, now seeing him in, in an arena like that go full on Holtzman is a real treat.


16,000 people. Yeah. And he went just like, He's the he fuck Billy Joel. Yeah. And then he is like, don, don't care If your favorites hair. I said, daughter, fuck him. Look at it. You're playing a fucking piano. I mean. Yeah. It was wild. It was amazing. The surprises on that show. I want to hear from your vantage point real quick, from obviously doing arenas for a while now, a show like that. 'cause getting to see you for a moment before you walked out backstage and you were just like, it was cool to see you looking at it. Like, what the fuck? This is wild. I Was blown away. First of all, I have seen Kill Tony Evolve from the very beginning. Yeah. So I saw some of the earliest episodes in the Belly room. But you were telling me Tony came to you and was like, will you do my show?


I got this new And you were just like, yeah, fucking All right. I'll elbow buddy out. And then you have no idea what it was. No, I when, when I first did it, I was like, okay, let's have some fun. I think I first did it. He brought up, I I might've first did it at the Ice House. They used to do it at the Ice House in the little room. Yeah. So that was probably one of the first ones that I did. And I did a, a bunch in the belly room, and then it moved to the main room, and then it moved to Texas when everything shut down, they were trying to do it in the main room for a, at no audience. Yeah. They did quite a few episodes with Zero Audience. Yeah. It's just a story of persistence and getting, That's what I keep telling you on comics. Yeah. The consistency is so overlooked in this business. And Tony just believed in it and also kept finding ways to evolve it.


And the more people, you guys coming on and then like, you'd see Saggot come on and like, more and more people started to go, oh, something different to fuck around with. Right. Yeah. And he just got better at it too. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good point. You know, I mean he's, he's a wizard at hosting that show. Yeah. He's got, he's managing all these moving parts. He knows when to bring people in and when to, you know, he knows like how to work the panel. Yeah. He knows how to like, let you go. Let somebody else go. He's like, it's a dance man. Oh yeah. And the dude is the best at it. He's the fucking best at it. So for me, walking out there and seeing that crowd, I was like, this is insane. And to see the Black Keys on stage, I'm like, this is and Jelly Roll.


Yeah. Jelly Roll singing New York. Yeah. Like, what the fuck is happening? Man, this is crazy. Yeah. The pops that everybody got like, all the surprises was so cool. Oh My God. When Joey Diaz went on stage, it was the loudest I've ever heard an audience cheer for any human being ever in my life. I Thought he was gonna be so, you know, taken aback by the roar that he was legit going to run for president Because he was, because He came out, he was like, You clock knock us backyard. Came to the circus by the Way. He came in so hot and rode that high and got in like three or four bangers. Yeah. And I was, I saw Tony at the airport last night and he was like, I didn't even, he even hear what he said. And. I. Go, dude. He said something about like, I played Hours on Quaaludes. They put me in a handicap section and then I fucking came to the circus.


It was the different circus where there was no net. The clowns fell. They just fucking swept him outta the way, Bro. He went off. That was awesome, man. He went off. It was classic Joey, and You'd never seen me. Do Dr. Phil probably live, right? No, I don't think I have. How was that? I think I might have saw it once at the mothership. How many did you do at the mothership? I've done two. I've only done it on Kill Tony twice. And then I did two Phil shows on a Sunday there. But you were gone. That's right. Okay. That's right. Yeah. No. So that was the first time I ever saw you do it on stage. Yeah. And I. I know Dr. Phil know well. He's been on the podcast a bunch of time. I know. Good friends with his son. Yeah. So you Fucking, so what is that like? Then You nail it. Thanks, man. It's gotta be weird for him. It's gotta be weird for him. This guy is doing a comedic version of him, like totally the most popular guest.


I kill Tony. What The fuck dude? Of all the I mean, dude. It's a great guest, dude. Yeah, man. It's a great guest, man. And, and you know the fucking, and that, that's not the best image because there you can kind of see that you got that thing on your head. Yeah. The ball cap. Yeah. But you can't tell what you're on, on stage. It's fucking incredible. It's wild, right? Yeah. It's so funny, dude. You, you have that char that character is like, well It's, it's still got the abrasiveness of like, talk show Phil. Right? Like busting chops. Like that's why it makes sense when I'm doing these roast jokes right. To that you're like, yeah. It doesn't seem, 'cause even for me, I didn't know, I didn't watch like a, a whole season of Phil episodes. It was during Covid. My wife And I were just stoned and drunk and watching bullshit. And then we'd see these Phil reruns, And I was just laughing.


'cause these kids would come on and they're like, you know, my mom tried to tell me I can't smoke weed. He's like, well, maybe you should shut your fucking little twat mouth. He wouldn't say it, but he was just Right, right, right. In a versions. He was just like, well, maybe you need to look in the mirror and see that you aren't exactly perfect. I mean he just was real abrasive. But in a funny way. And, and it was the, the, it's the, it's a funny type of character to do this with because everyone has some idea of who Phil is, but he's not so known that you're like this, this wouldn't, like, how do I know this isn't who he is? Right, right, right, right. And, and making him, I'm not defaming him either. I'm not there saying silly shit's like racist or whatever. No, No, no, no. It's, it's all goof. It's very funny. It's A goof. And I. Think he picks up on that. Oh, he's a great guy.


He, I'm sure he does. I'm I'm sure he is flattered. Well, His publicist, they're trying to get him to come on my show and what, which would break the internet. 'cause what I wanna do with the store or wherever. 'cause now we're doing these theater, I'm doing, you know, the Beacon in November and the Philly, the Miller Theater in Philly in, in October. And It's got done the Gramercy. It's got done the Gramercy. Yeah. But all these Phil theater tours is what we're doing now. Like theater shows. Wow. We're gonna do the ACL live here next year. And Majestic and, and Celebrity theater in Arizona. do you have to pay him? No. I mean Fucking Where's my, where's my, Phil, are you still cool with this Cam Right here. Hey Doc. But so when he comes on, I'm like, dude, it'll break the internet when, because you know, there's a whole intro video and then, you know, please give up for Dr. Phil. And so I'm thinking instead of me coming out, he walks out, oh my God, God.


And people just going nuts. And then maybe after 20, 30 seconds I come out shake hands. Well It's also, that's an opportunity for him to shit on you for having the biggest thing of your career imitating him. Oh yeah. Well that's what he said when he gave me guest of the year last year. I tell I was amazing. Yeah. You finally figured out a way to be famous, pretending to be someone other than yourself. Yeah. And you know what though? Isn't it though a great, like, as much as it like is so fun and so fun, And I wanna say this about with Tony too, his openness to go, I am always expanding Not only com you know, I wanna be involved in exploring expanding comedy, but The Kill Tony show for Tony to, for me to go Tony, I think Phil and Kill Tony would be fun. He's an advice guy. You were giving advice to comics, but for Tony to be like, fuck yeah, let's add more characters.


Oh yeah, yeah. Is really awesome. No, Tony, Tony takes a lot of risks and he likes to fly off the seat of his pants. He likes a little bit of chaos on the show. Like twice I showed up with people. And I just brought them on stage. One time I was Post Malone and the other time was Tucker Carlton. Oh, I saw that. Wait. That was impromptu. Totally impromptu. They had no idea they were gonna do it until they did it. When I got there with Post, I was like, you gotta come to the club. Let's go hang out. We were having just a great, I fucking love that guy. Yeah, he did. He's such a nice Guy. Yeah, he really is. He's So nice to everybody. Yeah, he's nice to everybody at the bar. Yep. Downstairs, all the staff. Yep. He's just so normal, man.


He just hangs with you. He can just hang with you. And so anyway, we were just hanging out. So, you know, we're like, let's go to the club. And so we get to the club and Tony was there. I think we went to dinner. Did we go to dinner? Yeah, we went to dinner. And then after dinner, do you go to Vie? Yeah. Yes. Dude. Good Call. Vie is the shit. It's the best. So we, we leave there And, I go, let's go check out the club. And it was killed Tony. I go, you gotta see this show that they're doing. It's called Kill Tony. It's crazy. Oh wow. So you're introing to him to the show? He has no idea. He has no idea what's going on. He has no idea. I'm roping him into this, so I don't even have an idea. But Tony sends me his text, come on stage. And I was like, all right dude, okay.


I go, come on man, we're gonna go on stage. He's like, fuck yeah. Really? I go, yeah, come on. Let's go on stage. And he just went with it. Went 100%. Went with it, sat down, had a great fucking time. Had some funny lines. David Lucas had, he looked like an unemployed crocodile hunter. Oh my God. Oh my God. Dude. Some of David's lines are so spot on. The joke is just as good as like the like, like I like, what did Jeff Ross called David Toe when he came out on night two at the Garden. He goes, you look like you run a, you manage a circus in Bosnia or something. Something like That. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Lucas said that I looked like, because I was wearing that crazy fur coat and the glasses. He goes, you look like my 11th grade teacher.


Did you catch outside of school? Dude, I called Dave once I go, I go, all right, Hootie and The Bloated Fish, or Yeah, dude, he, Dave, that's another part of the show too, where it's like there's now been so many established parts that people look forward to. Oh yeah. Which makes the, an arena show so exciting for the fans. 'cause they're like, wow, I'm gonna see surprises. And bucket polls are, you have so many elements that are spontaneous. Right. and that, and that Was Pon David's saying those things with spontaneous in front of 16,000 people. Yeah. And crushing. Yeah. He's the best at that. Him and Tony back and forth. I told them they should do a podcast with just David Lucas and Tony talking shit to each other.


Yeah. Because there's compilations on the internet. They're like a fucking hour long. I know too. Of just David and Tony just shitting on and laughing. Yeah. While they're shitting at each other. Oh yeah. It's the best lighthearted, shitting on people I've ever seen from two wizards at it. Totally. Like they're casting spells At each other. Yeah. And fearless. But but an underlying respect to where, and that's what's really cool friendship. Yeah. So that there's no personal offense ever taken. No, No, no. They love each other. Had you ever seen, you've watched I'm sure some clips of Shane And I before, like, after we did that show with the mothership. Yes. I saw, I saw a lot of clips from that show. Oh my God. That show has like, what is the number up to now that episode? Maybe 16 million. Dude, that's So crazy. Isn't that fucking nuts? Dude, we were in, it was a Friday, and Tony calls me, I was doing Kill Tony.


But he goes, change of plans. Need you to come Sunday. Bring your makeup gal Shane sticking around doing Trump And. I go. Holy shit. So in my head I'm like, well, this will be fun. You never still know how anything's gonna be received. Right, right, right. But I'm just like, don don't know man. Shane's as popular and fucking likable and funny as it gets. And and he has only done Trump on his sketch show. And on SNL And I feel like I'll be able to figure out a Biden to whatever. but I know that Shane's down to play. So I knew that it was gonna be like, we're in the back dude. We're in the makeup chairs and I'm shuffling around and Shane's like, what are you doing for the face? And I'm like, well, I kind of gotta get the, you know, the half smile going and like that. And then, and then I was shuffling around And I did the face a few times and he started laughing. And then at one point I was just look in the mirror and he's just going, dude, this amazing, we locked eyes and we started laughing.


I go, what the fuck Are we doing dude? And then we, he's the best Trump of all time. Yeah. His Trump is impossible, bro. He was so in the pocket. and that, which is why we like made each other break a few times when we, when we did it, the mothership. Because it was like, I can't believe we're doing this for two hours. I mean. Yeah, dude. It is incredible. But to run it back of the garden was like, I think the move to Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was awesome. Yeah. It was amazing. The whole thing was amazing. Yeah. It was incredible. Do You love it? Just to me it's just, it seems surreal. I know. Like, just standing there taking it all in. It's like, what is going on? And how many people want to come in to fuck for Joey to come in for Harlan to come in. Like, yeah. Schultz flew in, I think from Vacay just to like be there for that.


No, He was supposed to be. Yeah, he definitely threw, flew in. But he was supposed to be at the whole time. Yeah. At beginning. But there was a bunch of flights that got delayed. Yeah. But he Still made it. But still, what a cool pop him coming out mid show. Incredible. Yeah. It was just so fun, man. Just so ultimately fun. Just really just a great celebration. you know, a celebration of the success of the show and of comedy. Just, just fun, raw comedy. Totally. Dude. Yeah. do do you, after, you know, all years of doing this, do things like that don don't know, like, mean a little more to like, be able to be, to see that? Like something like that live? Or is it like, does it give you don don't know, a, a, a little more juice for just comedy in general to know that like, we're in a cool time where shit like that is possible and happening, I guess.


Dude, We're in a, an amazing time. It's an amazing time for standup. If you're funny and, and you're trying to have fun and just go out there and be silly. People are looking for that right now, man. And they're looking for something that rebels against this mind virus. It's telling you how to think and behave. We don't like it. Like, shut the fuck up. You're not compassionate and also controlling. That's not possible. Yeah. This fucking scolding, shrill fucking stupidity that you hear from people telling you how you have to think and behave. That not that these things are not up for debate. Yeah.


These are like existential threats to humanity and civilization aren't up for debate. Yeah. Shut the fuck up. Shut the fuck up. I don. I'm getting more and more just cognitive of like, just jokes. Like, I get more and more bummed that people get really offended by certain things. 'cause I'm like, you Just gotta stop paying attention. The the key is like, there's, it's Just jokes. They're just jokes. Like no one's really, especially at our level, like people making those jokes, it's like, 'cause it sounded funny and it like was a, you know, don don't know, you know, two each own and everything's subjective. But like Yeah. But this is what's going on, dude. There's always going to be people that wouldn't enjoy it, but they get to see it now. Yeah. Whereas before people just found out what you did.


You went to a club, you know, if you liked the guy, you liked the guy, you saw the guy on tv, you went to go see him live. Yeah. and that was it. Yeah. Now you're getting exposed to people that would never go see you live. Oh, Brian, I get hit up And they just want to talk so much shit. Oh Yeah. But that is just because you're getting exposed to more people. So there's pros and cons. The pros is the show gets 16 million views. That's insane. Yeah. Like, what is an average Jimmy Fallon show? Get, let's find out what that is. Like, what's the, what's the amount of people? Maybe The mills probably. Let's Find out. Yeah. don don't even know. Yeah. I don't even know. But he's probably the most popular Yeah. Of the late night guys, right? Yeah. Yeah. So what does he get?


I think Jimmy Kimm will quit. Right? Did he quit? No. No. He is still going. Oh Yeah. I thought he was gonna quit. Is he gonna quit? Well, I just saw Jeff Golum ho hosting the other night. I think he's on vacation. Maybe I would get to a point where I'd be like, when can I do, do you ever asked to do that? No. No, no. Yeah, yeah. No. You are doing a song with somebody. The whole reason why I started a podcast is no one would ever give me money for a radio show. Not even a radio show. Oh, wow. Like, I was thinking about that. I was like, I would, I I remember when Opie and Anthony got, they got taken off the air because they brought on a homeless guy who said some wild shit about Condoleezza Rice, like wanting to rape, rape or something fucking awful.


I like that. This guy was like, no idea. At least in the Noah enough to know who was like, yeah. But he was just a, in the government crazy homeless guy. Right. And Opie and Anthony was a wild show. I mean those motherfuckers, especially when they got on xm, they could say whatever the fuck they wanted. Oh my God. Crazy. Were they definitely at the kind of the, the precipice of things kind of getting a little edgier? Yeah. Radio wise. But they, so an average gets 1,720,000 views for Kimmel. That's for Jimmy Kimmel. Is it the, oh, Fallon's almost. So he's number one. 1.5. Oh, okay. Fallon is 1.40. Colbert's in the lead. Colbert is in the lead with 2.5 million. Wow.


So out of those people, how many of 'em are tuning in? Because it's just on tv? Sure. There's a thing that people do. It's 11 o'clock. What's on? you know, especially boomers. They're locked in. That's what they've done their whole fucking life. Yeah. See what's on tv. Yeah. Oh, at eight o'clock Col bear's on. Yeah. Dude. Just having a schedule and they just watch the show. Yeah. Yeah. Those are the same people that believe the news. Which is ironic. Did you see what happened with Colbert's audience? No. So Kaitlyn Collins from CNN is on. Mm. And see, you find, I retweeted it. It's fucking hilarious. Constantine from trigonometry tweeted it. And I. I retweeted it. I was like, this is crazy.


I just want you to see it. Okay. Before I describe it. But it is, it's the audience laughing at CNN being honest. Watch this. Okay. This is crazy. Okay. Twitter. What's that bro? Trying to get to Twitter. It. Stop loading for second. Oh, this, the government, they're attacking Twitter because of the Elon Mustang. Guaranteed. Let's just call it that. Start from the start from the beginning. And, and go big screen. 'cause this is so preposterous. It's Trump's kind of been thrown on on his heels by this. And he is not really sure how to go after Vice President Harris. He knew his attack lines on, on President Biden. He really has struggled with how to, how to go after someone who's 20 years younger than him, who is a different gender, a different race.


Race. It, it's kind of been this moment where he has not been able to coalesce around a single attack line. I know you guys are objective over there, that you just report the news as it is. Oh, I know. A CNN makes it And I know. That's Supposed to be a laugh line. I wasn't supposed to be, but I guess it is. Trump Has kind of been Going on, bro. Wow, bro. Wow, bro. How crazy is that? The audience is like, shut the fuck up. That is hilarious. They thought he was being a joker. They thought that was a joke. Yeah. That's how crazy this world has gotten. Oh God. We're fucking CNN Being unbiased is a joke to people in the audience. Yeah. That's so crazy.


Yeah. And why, what, what got accomplished? If you had, you were running a business, what did you accomplish by doing things that way? You've ruined your business because now people think you're full of shit. Yeah. And you could have just been actual just straightforward journalists and been beyond reproach and probably got away with, you wouldn't have got as much money. They probably wouldn't have got as much money. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta get those ads in. Do you think that's what they teach to in journal I mean? Don don't know at some, some point, like, when do you figure out, when you're in journalism school or whatever, that like, there is a, there's probably obviously a handful of people more than that, that wanna stay like, you know, authentic and true and really, oh, there's a lot of those, man.


And then at some point you just what? Get an offer to go somewhere or somebody Well above you goes, dude, you gotta get that story out. Like, you know, I don't know if, and you're trying to get a name for yourself, like any sort of sports pundit. Right. Sometimes they say wacky shit just to get their name out there, but, well, it's good for the business, right? Yeah. So if they write a, a thing that says, you know, Hey, everybody used to like Trump, like the show. You ever seen like videos of Trump on the View with Barbara Walters about where they liked him? Oh yeah. You ever seen that? Yes. but I can't remember what you're referring to. You should, you should see it. 'cause it's bonkers. How so? Yeah, it's literally bonkers. It's going around. See if you can find it. Like, Barbara's, he's just being Dude, it's nuts. It's like literally nuts. Like Sean Connery saying him. You can hit women nuts or not.


No, no, no. They, they love him. They love him. Everyone loves him. The view Whoopi loves him. Wow. Yeah. Barbara Walter loves him. Everyone loved him. State of approval. Wow. Everybody was friendly. Everybody was like, they were considerate. They were talking nicely to each other. It was no attacks. It was a wonderful conversation. Whoopi, I love your hair. What would you wa what do you wash it with? Syrup? And they just laughed. Have you found it? I mean it's going around. Sorry. So if that's, I'll look on the, somebody posted it, bro. That's wild. God, I can't remember who posted it on, on Twitter, but I was like, this is crazy. Watching. It is just bananas. Do you think they've seen what, what Shane And I have done at all? Do you think they've seen like people from their Trump For sure has.


Yeah. Yeah. This is it. Watch this. This is bonkers. Go full screen. This is literally Bonker real estate Mogul and a television star. But does he really want to add President of the United States to his resume? A lot of people would like him to please. Let's find out. And please welcome my friend Donald Trump. My friend. My friend. Watch this. Just watch this. This is nuts. We're in an alternative universe. Okay. 'cause this is not that long ago. Go standing O bro. Watch this. Just watch how this goes. Watch this. So she's a Republican. That's easy. Yep. But everybody else look at joy. I can't wait to get a hug. Yeah. Everyone's hugging. Look at this.


Look at this kisses. Hugs, kisses to whoopee. Everybody hugs and kisses even joy. Behar hugs. Even Joy. Behar hugs and kisses. See? Now watch this. So I'm gonna take you at your word that you have not decided yet when you're going to run, but you're thinking about it and you've expressed some of your views, which are controversial and in many ways Yeah. But, but, but all not, not to her. Well, not to her. Okay. You're a Republican. So, but let's say point by, let's say that you do decide in the spring, right? And your ideas are resonate so much. On the other hand, you know, we saw Newt Gingrich apologizing for his marriages and divorces.


You've had three marriages, two sort of uncomfortable divorces. Do you think that the No, not really. They were very comfortable. Well, we want me to They, do you do, do You think getting laughs right away? Yeah. That would bother anybody. I think the country is doing so badly. They want somebody that's gonna help it. I think the country is never been in a position like it is right now. It's being ripped off by every nation, every intelligent nation in the world. Whether it's China, they're taking our jobs, they're making all our product, and then they loan us back the money, we pay our interest. That is crazy. It's opec. That's crazy. Which is, look at This in the field day right now. How about the, the Arab bleak.


They say, we want you to go in and attack Libya. These are the wealthiest countries in the world. Why aren't they paying us? Okay. So then they changed their minds With that. But you didn't Answer my question. No, I did answer your question. I really think people, you won't matter. I think maybe 10 years ago it would've mattered five years ago. The fact is, I think people want somebody now that's gonna protect them and protect this country. 'cause we're not gonna be a great country for long. If we keep going the way we're going right now. If you, when When we the audience. Cheers. Yeah. Barbara, When we have France, France leading the charge. Okay. France. This is the, our new leader, by the way, they led for about two hours after that. Nobody's seen them. I don't know if you know that Geographically. So They should just ask a follow up question together. Call lead is the part.


Lemme just ask the other way. A follow up question to that. Let's say you run, you've given a lot of thought for this. Who would you like as your vice president? Possibly Sarah Palin. Well, I think it's far too early even to discuss that. I'm gonna make a decision sometime prior to June. I'm thinking about it very strongly. I think I do a really good job. I think I'd protect this country. Like it's not being protected. you know, it's funny, so many of the things I say now, politicians are saying, Hey, that's right. Why don't we like, why aren't they paying us? If you look at North Korea, South Korea, we're protecting South Korea. They're making a fortune. Let's call it hundreds of billions of dollars of profit on us. We have 25,000 soldiers over there protecting them. They don't pay us. Why are they Paying us? You'd be treating us like a business.


No, a business with heart. Okay. Believe me, it's, there's a lot of heart. It's a business, but it's also a business with heart. We will destroy this country won't be a war if the economics of this country keep going the way they're going. We're not gonna have a country. You're kind of a social liberal Donald. you know, you're a social liberal. Could you actually get the base to vote for you in the primary? Well, every poll is saying that I'm the one that does the best. you know, they're doing polls and They actually have you a higher approval rating than MIT Romney, Tim Plenti, John Bayner. Out of all the out those, Let's just pause and think. Just, Just, he's very poised. He's listening. He's like's just grass. Yeah. The 180. Yeah. That the media's taken on him.


Yeah. Since he decided to be president. Yeah. When you see the machine go after a guy, we've never seen the machine go after someone as Boldfaced. you know, the prosecutions or Russiagate stuff on television every night. All of it. Yeah. It's, and then to see just a few years ago, they loved him. Yeah. you know, he was like a demo. Wild. He was a democrat, I think until like 2000 and something. Oh yeah. 2008 maybe. Yeah. Something crazy like that. I mean Clinton, I think they were all pals. Right. There's pictures of them at David Busters and shit. Just, Oh yeah. He skeeball like what? He, I think he said that he had to pay them to come to a wedding. Like they have a, a price if you pay them to play Wow. They'll come To a wedding.


Pay to play as a spectator. What sake? Accusation? It's a Trump accusation. See the thing about, it's like, apparently he said that he was in helicopter with Willie Brown, but it wasn't Willie Brown. It was Joe Brown. It was a different brown. Hmm. And so now Willie Brown is saying that's not true. Oh. you know. Yeah. It's just, Donald Trump says this money drew Hillary Clinton to his wedding. She had no choice. 'cause I gave it to a foundation. Wow. Yeah. Wow. Does is that, is that what what I, what I just said with, is that true? Is that Brown thing? Yeah. Joe Brown, brown thing. Joe Brown thing.


I think that was like a, a mistake he made. Mm. And then people are like, are he's old. She's young like you. Have you fucking seen her mistakes? This is crazy. The gaslighting is nuts. It's the same gaslighting they did to turn Trump into a monster. Now they're doing that same gaslighting to turn her into our future. Our hope. Yeah. Yeah. And it's working. It's crazy to watch. It's crazy to watch. Is it crazy to like I mean don don't know. do do you think it's only gonna get like 20 years from now? Crazy. Because the, the upswing, I guess of just all social media. Social media and, and media in general. And then also you're taking the people that are, you know, involved. Like it's, it's the perfect mesh of, of crazy and crazier. Right.


So this says former Trump executive disputes his claim that Willie Brown was on board. Right? This is a woman said Barbara Res, the Trump organization's former executive vice president of construction development said former state center. Nate Holden was on the plane, not brown. Was that the same exact helicopter thing? So it was a helicopter crash. Is that what it was? Yes, it was. So no Brown was on there. Not Willie or Joe I. don Know. He's been on tons of helicopters. It's all the, you know what she was saying? you know what she was saying? Like he doesn't have an attack strategy. Hmm. That's, I don't think, you know, this is what I was trying to say.


When everybody got mad at me, when I started, what I liked about JFK Junior or RFK, junior, excuse me. Robert F. Kennedy is a guy who just goes after issues. He goes after, he goes after actions. He talks about things this like Trump has like always in the past, like attacked. He's like attacked people, attack people. And it's just, in this case, I feel like, I don't know if what they're doing right now, the way they're elevating, don don't know she's ever gonna debate him. They locked one in I think September 10th. Is That, what is that gonna be like when she's offscreen off grid, off paper?


Don don't know. Off script. Wild. Just completely able to say whatever she wants. Whatever she wants to say it. If if we get one of those, You kind of gotta match Trump a little bit with his Yeah. you know, fearless. Like, you know, nobody has risen to the level of his, you know, I'm just gonna kind of interrupt and combat everything you say. Yeah. Like I feel she's, you have to be go toe to toe and be in the ring. You can't be there and kind of just, yeah, 100%. Yeah. but I do have to say that that one speech that she gave right after they decided that she was gonna be the nominee, that one speech where she said, if you're gonna say something, why don't you say it to my face? It was kind of great timing. It was, It's middle school recess. Shit. It wasn't just that man.


The way that she delivered it was like very clear. It was prepared. Right. And so that means like, she's coachable, you know, which is very important. Right. If you wanna be a, a president. Right. You gotta be coachable. Yeah. you know, so. Oh yeah. So She figured out how to deliver a banger of a speech. Right. Like play that because it's pretty powerful. Yeah. I think she'll have something to say back to him. 'cause No, But but this is the thing that's a speech. Yeah. But when you go to toe, to toe to toe, when you're just talking off the top of your head, that's where she has some issues. Oh, you, oh yeah. Yeah. I think people lock up when they know that everybody is criticizing every word they're saying. And you're, you're applying for a job as essentially the mom of the world.


Oh wow. Wow. Or the dad of the world. you know, if he wins, that's what you are. You are the fucking dad of the free world. Right. What If she just does a Biden impression goes, you're a sucker. You're a sucker. Just throws it right back at him. There's so many people watching you. Your brain just freezes up with anxiety. But listen to this, this is amazing. This is really, here's the thing Here. Here's the funny thing about that. Here's the funny thing about that. So he won't debate, but he and his running mate Sure. Seem to have a lot to say about me. And by the way, don't you find some of their stuff to just be plain weird. Yeah.


Well Donald, I do hope you'll reconsider to meet me on the debate stage. Because as the saying goes, if you've got something to say, Say it to my face. Damn, they knew it was coming. It's coming. But she Yeah, she nailed that. She nailed that. How do do you think's so that's that that alone Yeah. Can get you the president. This is where we're an iy. That alone, like she that is get a couple banger sound bites.


Right. You can't say that's not outstanding. Totally. She just crushed it. She crushed it. Yeah. She had the big moment. Oh, I'm tuning in. This is pay-per-view. Now she had the big moment and she crushed it. Yeah. And she did it without any ums or stammerers. No fucking missed words. She had a smile. The laugh made sense. Made sense there. Yeah. Yeah. For the first time it was in context. Yeah. When she laughs like sometimes she laughs like outta nerves. Totally. It seems like Totally. Yeah. Just, just try to get everybody to feel lighter about the situation. Yeah. Yeah. But that wasn't that one. That was like a genuine, genuine smile on a laugh. Crushed it. Yeah. That's a problem. That's a problem. And I don't think they thought she was gonna be able to do that. That's the thing. Yeah. You can, you can fucking coach somebody, bro.


It ain't hard. I mean maybe she just practice. Who are these coaches? There's public speakers and stuff. Oh yeah. Public speaking coaches. Yeah. There's political speech analysts. There's people that imagine if there's comedians teach people how to teach where David Lucas gets hired to give her like some one-liners. Listen I mean there's a crazy world where there's shit like that where there's somebody goes, you need a couple zingers in your back pocket. I don't know. 100%. Because if that's not your world and your brain doesn't operate like that, Trump's does, Trump is looking at like, you know, to, to make a little put down or, or he's just quick in that way. Listen, he is quick in that way. Also, it would behoove him to hire a great comics to just tour with them and just write one liners about all these different fucking people. I mean if he could remember them I mean, I think, I know he likes to go off his own head.


Sure. But if he could remember a few hinch cliff bangers, if he hires Hinch Cliff to take 'em on the road. Do you know? Fucking insane. That would be, yeah. Dude Hinchcliffe riding bangers for Trump to shit on people comedy cures. And it also is like sometimes what kind of just pushes things over the top. Dude, the thing you're getting from him is, you know, no one is coaching him. Right. you know, he's going off the cuff. Yeah. you know, he's, nobody gets to tell him what to do when he goes out there and he about thing. It's like he's just off the cuff. Off the cuff. And that's why it gets sideways sometimes. Yeah. you know, it gets a little fumbly sometimes. I get, but but what I'm saying is that what she did was like a pro.


She did that like a pro. Yeah. That's where it gets dangerous. Because you don't think that was calculated. You think that was off the cuff? Like just responding to what was Yeah. No, that was a 100% planned out thing. Yeah. 100%. And well executed. Yeah. Like she fucking nailed it. Yeah. The problem is that's what we're looking for. It's not even necessarily who has the best policies for the country. It's not necessarily who's gonna make real reform, who's really gonna change things and make it better for everybody versus who looks like the kind of person who should be president who's talking like a leader who sound Yeah. Who's got the whole auto say it to my face and the hole's all. Ah, bro.


What if that becomes a catchphrase? That's drop that's, that's a mic drop. Yeah. You're going around to every country. I mean that's your, there's gonna be those T-shirts. That's your I rumba if you're Bart Simpson. Well that's a bit of a problem that she does repeat the same speeches over and over and over again in these speeches. Sure. So they have all these compilations of her saying things in the exact same order. Oof. Yeah. You gotta mix it up. But this is the thing that they like about Trump is that he does not do that When Trump goes up there, he is more than capable of talking for an hour and a half straight. Be entertaining. He cracks on things. He says funny things like he was joking around about Biden, wandering around not knowing where he is. It was hilarious. Yeah. He was like, he was a comic. He was killing. I know. And I guarantee you, he probably had an idea in his head that he's gonna shit on Biden prob, you know, had an idea of how he's gonna do it.


But that's like just being a free baller. Yeah. You're up there. Free balling. He's the only one that can do that. People do respond to that too. Yes. You, they, everybody does. Like you said, want to look at somebody and go, oh, they represent us. Well the same way, like if you have a agent or manager Right. You want them, if they're out in public, you go, oh, do they? Are they an extension of me in a certain way? So we you wanna see the best at it? Yeah. Clinton. Clinton, oh man. When he was running for president the first time, bro, bro put on a clinic. Lemme tell you something, dude. He's the fucking Michael Jordan. Now those motherfuckers, I can't argue with that dudes old school titty. Grabber. Yeah. From the, he probably called tits Zumba's, you know, bro, he was an animal and played the sax on our studio.


Guy Smooth talked. Yeah. Better than, and he was like, that's the president. Yeah. You hear him talk, you're like, that's our guy. Exactly right. Listen to this motherfucker talk. Oh, saxophone. Oh, well let me just get a a, a speech. When he was, this is when he is the president. We've never seen that. He's the president. He is playing sax. Well, gimme a little bit of that. Let me hear it. Sling and Dick before the internet son I mean, up until this point, we'd seen footage of like Nixon playing Go Fish. There was no cool president doing. No. He was the coolest ever.


If it look at this, You know, people who've lost their jobs and lost their homes. Oh, Well I've been governor of a small state for 12 years. I'll tell you how it's affected me every year, Congress and the president sign laws, it makes us make us do more things. It gives us less money to do it with. I see people in my state, middle class people, their taxes have gone up in Washington and their services have gone down while the wealthy have gotten tax cuts. I, I have seen what's happened in this last four years when in my state, when people lose their jobs, there's a good chance I'll know 'em by their names. When a factory closes, I know the people who ran it.


When the businesses go bankrupt, I know them. And I've been out here for 13 months meeting and meetings just like this ever since October with people like you all over America, people that have lost their jobs, lost their livelihood, lost their health insurance. What I want you to understand is the national debt is not the only cause of that. It is because America has not invested and it's people. It is because we have not grown, because we've had 12 years of trickle down economics. We've gone from first to 12th in the world in wages. We've had four years where we produce no private sector jobs. Most people are working harder for less money than they were making 10 years ago. It is because we are in the grip of a failed economic theory.


And this decision you're about to make better be about what kind of economic theory you want. Not just people saying, I wanna go fix it, but what are we going to do? What I think we have to do is invest in American jobs, American education, control, American healthcare costs, and bring the American people together again. Okay. Stop. If that guy runs right now, he wins. That guy runs right now. He fucking blows everybody out of the water. Easy listening voice. The Democrats come home with like every fucking state. That guy wins. Can you do that? I don. He can't jump back in. Right? No, he did it. No he can't. Once you did two, he can't. He's not the same guy anymore. Right. He's not the same guy anymore. Doesn't have the energy. You're saying. Set a bunch of scandals. That guy, if you could go back in a time machine and grab that Bill Clinton and run him today, he wins.


And, and it makes sense. Right? What if there was a younger son Clinton, that was a spitting image of Bill and Monica Lewinsky was the running mate. Is there ever a world or is that too in the simulation? That's too in the simulation. That would be too strange. It'd be too strange. Yeah. But what if she came out and her policies were great and she had to say it to my face, but she goes and she made jokes about like, and you know, we're gonna swallow the competition. I don't know. She, you know. Well the problem was she didn't swallow. Right. That's all it got on the dress. Oh, that's right. All right. Yeah. We'll clean up all the mess. Well maybe just, you know, clean up every dress and mess. don don't know. Yeah. Maybe she just wanted to keep it there for safety. Yeah. This is just a soft pitch. I didn't say this was a great idea. No, it's a, I see where you're going with it though.


It's nuts that that's what we used to get for choices. Yeah. Like they made sense when you saw Arnold in the mix. 'cause I feel like, at least for me that was 'cause I wast, you know, around obviously for the Reagan stuff, but like to the Arnold was my first taste of like, oh, anybody can do. you know what I'm saying? Well that was Ronald Reagan when he became president. Right. I mean it doesn't make sense to us. But if you were someone who grew up during that time when he was a movie star. Yeah. It's like, you know Dennis Qua being the president? Yeah. Yeah. And he's playing Reagan. Oh yeah. Same gal that did his makeup does my Phil stuff. Oh, that's wild. She's a goat. Jen Asano. It's just like, you know, the world has gotten real weird.


Man. Fucking, it's real weird when we know what the trick is. Everybody's talking about the trick. I mean there's all these videos of Kamala off script. She doesn't talk nearly as clearly. Mm. It's not Well, but if you could just keep her on that script and focus everything else. Yeah. Now you just, you're still running the show. Yeah. You're still running the show just like you were for the last four years. Because like, no one even talks about Biden anymore. Yeah. Like literally you don't, you don't even care that he is still the president For, don't even know what he's doing. Quite A few months. Yeah. Yeah. It's August kids September, October, November, December. No president. No president. And also how bad does he deteriorate between now and then? Because clearly that man is at the end of a long road.


The presidency took its toll on him. I think It takes its toll on everybody ate Part On him. Yeah. I mean everybody. Although Trump just come. He seemed fine. Yeah. He seemed fine. Four years. Didn't age him at all. Yeah. Wild. Wild. The dude just water off the duck's back. Well you look at LeBron, he's fucking four playing 20 plus years. Some people just got a little extra juice to Yeah. But LeBron spends millions of dollars on his body. He's never been outta shape. you know, he's constantly, oh, Trump And LeBron don't spend this same amount of Money on their bodies. It was different. Yeah. Okay. You really can't compare the two. Also, it's not like, you know, the NBA ages. You like that? No. It's the stress of knowing you could start a fucking nuclear war.


The economy I don't rides on you don don't. Why Would you want that stress? Even running for president seems like the, the craziest thing to, even just the campaigning. You see when people drop out after 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 months, I'm like, God, what do you do now? Like, is that withdrawal or even that come down, it's like a shroom come down where you're like, fuck. Now you're questioning everything. 'cause you're like, you put everything into it. But then is there a weird like, fuck, I didn't have enough to even get close. Like, or do you just go, all right, I I gave it a shot and it wasn't my, wasn't my time Fucking I mean? It depends entirely on the individual. Yeah. but I think it's just people just getting fed up that want to throw their self into that crazy race. But that thing is nuts. You never had any of that. Right. Like through any part of your, once you even like Yeah, no, that's wild.


That's a different type of, there's a being on wanting to be on stage and make people laugh. 'cause, 'cause my buddy of mine said this to me just about, you know, as we were talking about, you know, actors, whoever running for president and he was like, oh, it'd be great if there was a comedian that ran And. I'm like, yeah, but we don't, that's not our Al Franken probably could have run. He probably could have run. Yeah. And he probably could've won. Yeah. He's he's a really interesting guy. That's Guy's rare assumption. Yeah. He just got fucked. Yeah. Was it that picture? Yeah. Yeah. There was a picture. He was trying to be funny and it wasn't funny and it's just Unfortunately wrong place, wrong time, wrong hands, wrong Boots, trying to be a comedian, trying to be funny, you know. Oh wait, real quick. I just had a thought when Dice came out and did his, 'cause I wanted to that first of all, talking to him about being back in the garden.


You're just, you're just saying, just being funny or whatever. And I, watching him do his Hickory dickory joke at the garden again was wild dude. Yeah. And hearing him talk about being back there was so that, that's a, there's so many small things in between the entire garden experience that I was like, I want to not ever forget this. Because seeing him even just be there, I was like, that's crazy. Well, Dice was kind of on the outs with the comedy community. It was, to me it was the dumbest thing I'd ever seen. It was real weird because he did MTV and he got banned for life from MTV for telling jokes. I forget what the jokes Were during the Polly area or no. Yeah, it was kind of around that time.


Maybe a little after Pauly was off of MTV. But he had these jokes. I forget even what he was joking about. Yeah. Like Pons or something. No, you know, it was, I don't even know what the fuck he was joking around about. It was perfect. But It was Andrew Dice Clay. Yeah. You asked the dirtiest comedian of all time to do a set. Yeah. And then you got mad when he does the kind of jokes that Andrew Dice Clay does. Right. Do you even fucking watch his shit? You probably didn't ever watch Dice Rules. They heard he was popular and they just were like, get the guy I don. Everyone's watching. you Know, what the fuck they thought. Yeah. If they thought he was gonna do something different because he was on MTV don don't know what they thought.


But anyway, they a banned him for life and there was a lot of comedians that came out against him. A lot of comedians said that they thought his act was sexist and racist and Yeah. It was like, but it was a character. Yeah. He was like, there's a man, his name is Andrew Silverstein and then there's this character Andrew Dice Clay. Yeah. And you know, the whole idea was like that some stupid people like him. Stupid people like a lot of things, but smart people like him too. Totally. Because it's jokes. Yes. Because it's, he's being hilarious saying the most ridiculous shit. And for whatever fucking reason he was on the outs. He wasn't respected by a lot of comedians. It was real weird. It was disrespected.


And I was like, I get it if you don't like that kind of comedy, but it's like, who are you to decide? Yeah. What's good. Like don don't think that way, but I think it's funny when people say things that way. Yeah. Like, I'm not really mad at Billy Joel. I think he's awesome. Yeah. But when Holtzman was shitting on Billy Joel, I loved It. Couldn't get enough. Yeah. It was amazing. It was also Funny. Nobody shits on Billy Joel, so it was like, yeah. That's also why it's funny. Like every you gotta hit him and hug him. Dude. Everybody has to be fucked with. I'm sorry. you know, and there's loving degrees obviously. Like, you know, if somebody's don don't know again, like jokes, there's, there's I mean, some of the jokes I've had with friends who have been ho really bad hospital bedridden and like that's changed their entire outlook on stuff.


Like, you know, like You gotta be able to joke around about this Guy, dude. Yeah. It's a real superpower. I, I it's, it's really I mean even some from some of this Phil stuff, which is so silly. Dude, some of these messages, like messages I get are wild about people. This kid I met in Jersey, he's in the Stress factory. You ever do the stress All the time? Sure. Vinny brand. Yeah, sure. Yeah. So I'm doing the, these shows and this kid comes up and he is like, my mom has cancer, I has four months to live. We've been watching your Phil stuff is all that she wants to watch. And it makes her smile. So that's our thing now. And he starts bawling, And, I got all choked up and it was like just more and more of that happened in the last few years. And not just of that stuff, just Dude comedy's Medicine. It's wild Joe. It's medicine. It really is. Yeah. It's medicine for people because I think we get so And I know, I'm guilty of this.


Like, like a lot of us, when you're getting going, you're so you're thinking, you know Yeah. About the show and making people laugh and I'm present and I'm, and afterwards chatting with people and taking it in. But those, now that we have this opportunity to receive messages like that or hear it live in the face like that is, it's wild. No, it's amazing. Yeah. It really is amazing. And it makes me so even more lucky to like be a part of, and you look at something like Kill Tony. It's like, and be having to be global. There's people in probably Beirut, they're having a shit day that like saw fucking Hans Kim in there. Like, dude, I always wanna see Hans Kim in the garden or whatever their dream was, you know? Well, yeah. It's, it's, it really is like a kind of medicine. It is for me for sure. If someone makes me laugh, I feel way better. When did you start getting like love, like messages.


What I, what I wanted to say though. Oh, yeah. Before I for forgot, because I was going, so D Weed Dice is embraced now by this class of Comedians. Yeah. Oh yeah. To this group of comedians that are coming out. Dice was one of my heroes when I was 19 years old. I mean I was laughing so hard at his, I was in, in my car, in front of my house with his girls. I was dating, I was 19. We were listening to Dice on a cassette. We're just sitting in the front seat of my car, just laughing. Ah. Oh my God. It was so funny. I couldn't believe how funny it was. And it was just listening to it on a cassette, you know? And then as I became, you know, a comedian, a headliner, and traveled with, gone on tv, all the sudden And I became friends with Dice And, I.


Really? Like, some comedians don't like dice. I was like, this is, this doesn't even make sense to me. Yeah. Like, what are you guys talking about? Like, the guy does legitimate performance art on the street. He does for no money. He, he plans it out. He strategizes and he makes these videos of him stumbling into people and telling them, you want, you wanted the picture? You wanted the picture with me. They have no idea who the fuck he is. Yeah. And it's genius. Yeah, dude. It's genius performance art. Yeah. The guy does not get the credit that he deserves. And it's, for Whatever reason, he's silly. He's really, He's a great guy. Yeah. He's just, for whatever reason, this weird time period where comedians hated him, And I don't understand that does doesn't make any sense to me.


And he was, I think he got too big too. 'cause he was the first guy to ever sell out arenas. Right. He was the first guy that was doing those. Like he did Madison Square Guard multiple nights sold out. you know, he does every, he did Nassau Coliseum. So it was a classic. Got so big, people just wanna kick him off the mountain. I think There's a little bit of that for sure. Because there's no comedians before him that was doing arenas. Right. And he was doing a different thing because he was doing this thing where everybody knew the jokes and they wanted to say it with him. What's in the bowl, bitch? Oh dude. Yeah. Man. And the fucking thousands of people. Yeah. Yeah. Come on. It's like a rock band. Yeah. You're seeing a band play your favorite song. Yep. So he had the rhymes, man.


The rhymes. You could not go wrong with those rhymes. And you know, he's dressed in a fucking giant glittery biker outfit. It's fucking man. Yeah. Craziness. I do not like a little bit of that. It's fun. It's like, there's all kinds of comedy. You can love that and still love Pat Oswald. Yeah. I think he's funny too. Yeah. It's like, it's all kinds of stuff is funny, man. Duncan Truss was hilarious. Everybody's different. It's okay Sometimes. Yeah. But it's just this, this class of comedians great. Gets that this group of is awesome. Of comedians. Gets Yeah. Gets just be funny. It's all bullshit. Unless you're funny. And another fun thing about Kelton is that it's like, you know, the, the audience that has cultivated, it's putting, you know, having dice on like that is like people who may or may not have fully been educated on Andrew will now be like, oh fuck.


And then go back and do a deep dive and then, Well, a lot of these kids have no idea he even existed. Yeah. That's wild. Why? Because they're 20. Yeah. you know, they're 20 years old. Yeah. They don't see D TikTok Clips. Okay. They were born in 2004, son, you know? That is crazy. Yeah. Dude, you already had navigation in your car and those kids were born. Oh yeah. That's, and so they don't know what the fuck is going on. Uhuh, who's that guy? Uhuh. Why is everybody clapping? Yeah. And you gotta become a comedy historian and you gotta go, oh, dice rules you, and then listen to the day the laughter died. You wanna be a real dice fan. You listen to the day the laughter died, it's two hours long. Oh my God. Okay. Rick Rubin produced it. Oh my God. It's two hours long of him just popping into danger fields with no material and bombing what?


And Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. On purpose. On purpose. In the height of his stardom. Okay. This guy's selling out arenas and he decides to do a two disc special of him bombing On purpose. On purpose. I love that. I Mean No material dude. No material. No, no. Bombed on Purpose or bombed. And then it was bombed On purpose. Look, if he wanted to, he could've done his act. Right. And he would've crushed, they would've been, oh my God. It's dice. He decides to bomb on purpose. Dude. It's the craziest thing. Yeah. Because the kind of ego you have to have to be able to bomb on purpose. Yeah. On a CD that's special. And then put it out.


No internet, by the way, this is all in his crazy head. Right. This is not a thing you do because you know, you wanna impress people on Reddit. Yeah. This is a wild thing he did as an artist. It really is a wild artist move. And this is where I think he doesn't get enough credit because everybody thinks, oh, he is just the dirty guy. He's the guy who tells racist jokes. It's like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Innovative. Pay attention to what this fucking crazy person's doing. Yeah. And the thing he does now, he's not trying to get people to like know who he is. He's just making this the most uncomfortable video. And the people who are fans of this are like, he's a fucking maniac. Yeah. Just walking up to this crazy Chinese lady. Oh yeah. And he wanted to picture like they didn't know what the fuck to do.


And he's big. Yeah. And he iss imposed that. He's got these crazy sunglasses on. He looks like he might be an insane person. Totally. You're Worried about Your safety. Yeah. Yeah. It's hilarious. He's a fucking, he's a Genius. It's inspiring to see somebody like that that has, that doesn't lose their zest for Right. The funny, like even in the green room at the garden, he was doing videos with everybody and he came up and he goes, Phil, do a video for me where I come up and you go, Hey, I'm talking to my fans, And. I. Go And. I Go. What? He goes, no, no, but in character right now. You're Adam, do Phil. So then he comes up and he goes, Hey Doc, And, I, go Andrew, I'm talking to my friends. Will you fuck off? And he goes, Jesus fucking Christ, this guy. And then, and then he puts it back and he goes, I thought I liked this guy. And then he like, and he goes over to sound and does a little video and, and yeah.


He just was like, he Always won the fuck Around, man. It was like, and that's what the, that's what the backstage vibe should be. you know, dude, he Used to do these little sketches at the store and he would do it with a VHS handheld camera and he'd do sketches at the store. Awesome. And I asked him one, not, I go, what are you doing these for? He goes full. He's like, he's like, what am I doing it? Like He was Great Answer. Well put it together someday. Yeah, yeah, yeah. you know, that's just, he was just having fun. Yeah. Just having fun. Oh, the, the first time he brought me up in the, OR at the store, Jeff Scott was over there on The Keys and he goes, he goes, Jeff, who we got next? And I'd met him maybe three times, but I didn't expect him. Whatever. But he goes, and Jeff goes, Adam Ray. And he goes, oh, I love this guy.


And you know, we didn't know each other. And he goes, this guy, you've seen him here. You've seen him there. Keep it going for my friend Alan Gray, And. I get up. And then I get up and he goes, sorry, I had to Right. Like, to me And, I just laughed. And I was like that. Yeah. Just get RAs by him. Yeah. He's, I would love when he would go on stage in the OR and there'd be like 10 people in the crowd. Yeah. And he would just fuck with them. Look At this. What a treat to get to see that. Look at this fucking guy. Look at this fucking guy with his pants. It looks like he got attacked by a fucking mountain lion. How much did you pay for those pants? You fucking moron. And he was like this, I would call it mean dice. Yeah. That was my favorite dice to watch in the Or would he do mean dice?


Yeah. But people find Love it too. They're D Oh, dice is roasting me. Get the fine, the fuck Outta here. They were, they were dying. They were dying. It was funny. Yeah. It was like, it sounds mean when I'm saying it, but Mean Dice was hilarious. Has he, he's been to the mother ship? Yeah. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Multiple times. He loves it. Yeah. He's, I'm just happy. I was always just would freak me out to become his friend because I, Those experience is that one for you, that's just crazy that as far as like in the business you like Yeah, because I was young man. Yeah. I was, I was friends with him in my twenties. Wow. And I was standing in the back of the con. He's the reason why I started going on the road. 'cause I was standing in the back of the Comedy store. He is like, you should do the Road. And I said, why? I was like, I'm here at the store. He goes, yeah, I know, but you know what?


You don't wanna be attached to Hollywood and these fucking jerk offs. He's like, you can make all the money that you need on the road. Wow. He goes, and you get a, get an audience. He goes, you're a funny guy. Should do the road. And I was like, I should do the road. So I started doing the road for years. Get the fuck outta here. Yeah. Yeah. And just opened you up to the idea. 100%. For years I was mostly just doing the store. And I would do the Laugh Factory, And I do the improv. And I was just doing Hollywood sets. And occasionally I would do something else where it was a long set, but it was a little awkward. Yeah. 'cause I was mostly doing 15 minute sets, you know? And so then I started headlining again. I was like, oh yeah, yeah. You have to do this. You have to do hours. Yeah. You have to do like four hours on a weekend.


Like two, two on Friday. Two on Saturday. But it's like, the problem was, I always had like one foot in and one foot out because what One Foot in was like, I was always working on television. So that was like most of my day. Mm. Most of my day on news radio was working on the TV show. Like, it, it dampens your enthusiasm for doing the thing that got you to the dance. but I, I was on set a news radio once and the producer said to me, why are you doing, still doing standup? You're an actor now. And I was like, oh no. Oh shit. I was just like, like this whole cycle of needing people to pick you for something. I was like, yuck. Yeah. Get Me Out of this. Yeah. Why are you deciding what I should, you know, be to people? And it was at that same time where Dice told me, you should do the road.


Wow. It was the same time. So it was like a fortuitous Universe. Yeah. Convergence of this guy that I couldn't believe I was friends with. It was just weird to me. Would Those news radio days be so long that sometimes you wouldn't want to go up and do a spot? Or was it pretty, pretty Conducive? Yeah, I still did it. I always did it. I never canceled. Yeah. I always did it even when I was exhausted. It Was your reward too, right? You were looking forward to it. Like, I can get through the day so I can get on stage almost. It was A little bit of that, but it was also, those were my people, you know, the comedians were my people. Yeah. I had to be around the freaks. I had to be around the weirdos, the holmans, you know, I, I became friends with Holzman in 94. Wow. Yeah. So I, I had to be around those guys. Yeah. Like, those are my compatriots. You know? It is wild how quickly you find that out that you are in the right spot. I remember when I first started going around the store in, what, 2000?


I started saying in 2007. So it was right around there. And just going open mics and waiting for four hours. And Tommy telling me I'm going up and then not going up. And then being like, and he was like, well come, maybe come back tomorrow. And then just, but being around, even if I didn't go up, I was around for four hours. And. I didn't just sit and wait. I like milled around. And that's where I met Tony and all these guys that, that you're like, oh cool, you're doing this too. and that was the connecting over that is an immediate bond. That's just like, once you kinda lock eyes with someone and you're like, oh, you're trying to do this too. Unspoken respect. And then, and then also like, oh cool. Somebody that like, oh, we both didn't go up or you got up. Oh cool. Yeah, well dude, next time maybe do, do this. And then, oh, where are you going now? you know, it's late. Like, I'm fucking, I'm jazzed from watching four hours of comedy and not going up And I feel like it's sad if I just go to bed.


So, oh, well, let's go fucking play video games and smoke weed and, and talk and just talk about our experience of that night. Yeah. And yeah, There, there are wild times that you don't appreciate at the moment because you're worried, you don't know if the future is ever gonna be real. You don't know if you're ever gonna be a real comedian, you know? 'cause you don't, you, you want to do it, but you, you're obsessed with it. But it's hard to even get on stage. It's hard to even take the first steps Yeah. Towards the dream. So it's like, even though it's an amazing time and you're gonna look back on it so fondly forever At this time Right now. Yeah. It's crazy. Yeah. At the time you just don't know. and that, that not knowing and not being able to control your destiny as a young person is one of the most terrifying and paralyzing feelings because you don't know if it's gonna happen in whatever you're trying to do.


You're just, you've, you're a fog of, you know, hope and dreams. And, I Don't know. don don't know. I can't see the future. don don't know if it's ever gonna work out. The uncertainty. Yeah. That, that is a constant cloud over your head. But but also the appropriate amount of delusion and, and enthusiasm for wanting to make it right. Yeah. Or make it I mean. Just wanting to be able to work in, in, in this world. Well I was very fortunate that I'm a very determined person. Yeah. Because I was terrible when I started Stand up. Yeah. I mean occasionally I had some good jokes, but I was bad at putting it together. but I didn't know how to write. I didn't know. I just knew like what I liked And I knew that I could make people laugh in inappropriate ways.


I just couldn't figure out how to get that. Were you comfy on stage? No. Yeah. It took a while. It took a while for me to be comfortable on stage, which was just so crazy. I was so nervous about it. but I had fought like a hundred times. It's just so weird that like, getting kicked in the head didn't make me as nervous as talking to people. That's So wild to me. It's so crazy. Yeah. The, there was a lot of fear that came with the fighting that didn't come with standup. Like all throughout the day. Like you'd have massive anxiety all throughout the day when sparring days. You'd have massive anxiety when you're going to a tournament. And that's when I became funny because I would make everybody laugh when we were all freaking out. 'cause we were like on a bus driving to New York together to go get kicked in the face and trying To laugh. It would And, I would just make jokes.


'cause it's very likely that one of us might get knocked unconscious. you know, I'd seen a few of my friends get knocked unconscious and it's a terrifying feeling when I saw a friend of mine get ax kicked in the face and he was really never the same guy again after that. He was a really good fighter. And we went up to Canada and he fought this guy named Jersey Long and Jersey Long was this national champion from Canada who was nasty. He was nasty. And he caught my friend in the head with an ax kick and KD him, And I. Didn't think my friend had been fighting him. I, I didn't think my friend was good enough at that point and experienced enough. He was good. He was very talented. Yeah. But he was, he didn't have enough experience on a national level.


And this guy was at the peak of his form and he fucking caught him so hard and it was so horrible watching him crumple and go unconscious. And I was like, god damn. It was one of the worst kos I'd ever seen live from like a friend getting Ed And I was like, God Damn, that make you really just reevaluate everything At that point. It made a bunch of times made me reevaluate ing people, made me reevaluate it. Watching people snoring on the ground and knowing that that could have easily been, you, easily could have been you easily, you know, easily. There was definitely guys that could have knocked me into the shadow realm. They just didn't. I just got lucky.


I got lucky. And I never really got knocked out until my last kickboxing fight. I get TKOI was still conscious. It was, I was okay. I got rocked. I got hit with a left hook and dropped my legs just disappeared. My legs just went weep. Go away. What's that like? It's weird. It never happened before. I've been rock before and the gym, but I'd never been dropped where I was really exhausted. It was my third fight of the night too. Because even That's a crapshoot, right? Like when you're getting kicked in the head, you go down or what Whatever it is that knocks you out. Yeah. It's still right. There's always the oh, a couple centimeters to the left and that would've eventually, no, he, This guy caught me perfect on the jaw. And I. Think I had my mouth open 'cause I think I was tired. 'cause it was, like I said, it was the third fight of the day. And. I. Remember being exhausted.


'cause I, I would get sick a lot of times before fights. 'cause I would get nervous so I'd get real nervous and then your immune system drops. Wow. 'cause you're freaking out all the time. Fuck yeah. And also you're cutting weight. I'd, I'd be cutting my calories down 'cause I was trying to compete a different weight class. But those nerves don't enter in the comedy like before your live special, which I told you a couple days ago, but it was awesome. Thanks. Congrats. Thank you. And also, I'm just, I love doing it different. Man. When Harlan Williams did a fucking special outdoors in front of animals, I was like, fuck. Yeah. you know what I'm saying? Doing something different. But the live thing is so not guaranteed. Man. You're prepped, you're ready. You've, you've done live, but like still you're, you're still, it's still a new challenge. Right?


I Mean Oh, it, I said no to it at first. Right. I was like, I don't wanna do that. Fuck that. What put you over the top? And what and what was the nerves like that were Well, What put me over the top. I I was like, why are you scared pussy? Yeah. Like This is like, what do you like to do? Yeah. Yeah. You like to do things that scare you. Yeah. Yeah. You do this thing, you fucking bitch. Yeah. That's exactly what I thought to myself because I said no. I was on the phone with my manager and she was, she said Netflix wants to do a live special. I was like, fuck that. I go, don, don't wanna do that. No, no, no. Tell him no. Maybe I'll do a special. But at that time I wasn't even thinking about doing a special, I was just working on comedy. I was just having fun and just doing comedy and, and then being at my own club, it was fucking wonderful. And then I was like, why are you being such a bitch?


Okay. As I, Dr. When I said said, no And I. When I got home, I think, or maybe the next morning, I called her up And I said, don't tell no yet. Lemme think about it. And then the next day I said, I'm gonna Do it. Conversations with other people about it. Or do you just kind of had a Nope, I didn't tell anybody A car. Pep talk or what? No, no. Just my own head. Yeah. Was like, this is what you're supposed to do. Stupid. Yeah, dude. Yeah. Just do something. Do something that scares the shit outta you. 'cause that scares the shit outta you. but I just realized like, I'm having great shows. I know that I'm ha the material's tight. Yeah. It's funny. I'm like, what am I worried about? I'm not gonna be able to. I do it every night. Just do it like a regular night. And I. Do everything live. I do the UFC live. I do. Yeah. I used to do YouTube videos. We used to do live.


Yeah. Used to stream the podcast live. I've done so many shows live. Like, what am I worried about? And I'm like, oh, you're worried about fucking up. Okay, well don't think about fucking up. Think about doing it the best way you can do it. Right. And the best way I could do it was like to over prepare. So I prepared like crazy. Yeah. I was in, at one point in time, I was doing six hours a week. So I was doing th three nights, two shows a night. Headlining God damn after. Yeah. You're ready. At that point, After like an hour and 15 minutes of other guys killing an hour and 15, an hour and a half, sometimes one time it was an hour and 45 minutes. 'cause to protect our parks guys all were all with me. Oh shit. So we all went out and we were blazed.


We were all so drunk. We were so drunk when we got there. We, we, we hopped out of the limo and ran upstairs and That's awesome. It was ridiculous. At one point Norman got so drunk during the podcast that he went backstage, threw up and then went to sleep. So you know that backstage area? Oh yeah. Like right behind the stage. Real cozy. Yeah. He was sleeping up there. Yeah. Al Cold. So he goes up and then, you know, Ari's hammered. He goes up and Brian, Brian Simpson was there. Yeah. Tony was there. Like we were, it was a giant crazy show. So, but all those shows when you're going up that late, it's like running with weights on. Yep. Like you gotta keep that momentum going. Yeah. You gotta keep things tight.


So all I did was just over prepare. I just really listened to a lot of recordings. I I watched the video from Friday night 'cause we recorded Friday night too. Oh great. So I watched that video. I was writing bits out that I knew, but I was writing them out word for word on a notebook. Like over and over and again. And when you're over prepared, I'm assuming don don't know if you rift anything in the moment. but I feel like when you are that in the pocket, you're like, all right, now I feel comfy to shoot from the hip. Yeah. You could just do a show. Yeah. Like a regular show, like how you would do it. That's how I thought. I'll just go, I go, I wanna over prepare, but I just wanna do it like a regular show. Yeah. But it's also a regular show in a theater. Which was odd because I had only done my club for a year and a half. I hadn't done any other venues.


Yeah. For a whole year and a half before Friday night. I had not done any other big places. Wow. Yeah. For a long ass time. I think the last time I did a big place was probably one of the arenas that I did. And then I went to the club and then I stayed in the club for like a year and a half. So next special. You have to be like what? Blackout drunk for what? Just to mix it up. No, I think I'll do a live one again. Yeah. It was fun. It was fucking terrifying But fun. Like at in the moment it wasn't terrifying at all. Yeah. I was just in the moment And I. All I was doing was just concentrating on staying in the moment and enjoying myself and having a good time and doing it the best I can do it. And being, you know, real.


I was so prepared. 'cause I knew like what my transitions were gonna be. I'd done that set in that order for like three weeks. Yeah. I was like, I was ready. Yeah. We're gonna live stream these film theater shows. I think just taking a, you know, a, a page outta the Kill Tony book, it's like Yeah, why not? If people, you know, 'cause there's only a handful of theaters we're doing, but it's like, there's people, you know, you can reach way a bigger audience doing that. And I mean it's all the film show's all unscripted. So it's like there's a little more room for you know, something, whatever. but don don't know. Well there's A lot, lot of room for it. But the most important thing Is you're like, actually don't do it. The most important thing is that's what people like. Yes. They like that you're going without a net. Right. They like it. Yeah. That's why they like the live kill Tony's.


Yeah. That's why they like all this stuff. Yeah. Anything could happen. Yeah. Look, kill Tony at its base. The whole thing is there's no net. you know, it's like you're gonna go up. Some guy went up in Madison Square Garden the first time he ever went on stage. Ever. Ever. I know. That's fucking so crazy, man. Ever. That's so crazy. I mean What a mind. Fuck. Yeah. That must be to walk out in front of. And by the way, those people were harsh. Those people are fucking Mean. I was gonna ask you, how do you feel with like a joke in? They're like, so my mom is my mom, my mom's, my mom's weird. They're like, Fuck you. They're Boo. Yeah. They're I mean the boos come in so quick sometimes Also they're drunk. Okay. Yeah. There's there's people out there. They've been ready for the show All day.


They've been day drinking. They probably went to a pub, got fucked up. Oh, in New York? Yeah. Yeah. They're walking and then they walked into this, the most iconic arena. Their favorite show. It's live. There's 16,000 people. They're fucked up. Yeah. Let's go talk. Yeah. And then some guys on stage and it's not that good. You're like, boo, That's I paid for this. Yeah. Especially In New York. Yeah. Especially in New York. I know. Like, they're not polite Uhuh. If if you're, if it's going south, they're gonna let you know. But that's part of the fun. Yeah. Because when it goes great, they let you know too. Yeah. They're great laughers. God damn. When they were laughing, they were laughing hard. It was a fun show. It was really fun. But it's that weirdness of like, it could go sideways.


It could be awesome. Yeah. But it's always gonna be funny. Yeah. And so, and then you got the regulars. Like William Montgomery is a goddamn national Treasure, bro. I can't get enough of him. I, I'd love him to death. Me too, man. He's so funny. Yeah, Dude. He's so fucking funny. And he gives, he's so, I love too, when people are just so, he's such a kind guy, but he's so like, he just commits fully, dude. Yeah. And he is just always in the pocket. And he's always, that's a tough thing too, is going on. Like, I've only been on his long panel or a, or a five 10 minute bid and it's like to go on for a minute and then however long the interview part is. He's just always, he always delivers I guess. Which is He's on a, he's a character.


Yeah. Right. He's this maniacal character. And you can get away with so much. I was that maniacal character. I met his, he's got two brothers by what? Met one. And he goes, hi, my name's Vance. And he goes, I'm William's brother. And I was like, of course you are. He just had all the William like really? Just very intense. Like could This, you knows how William hugs you. Oh yeah. He hugs you. Like he might be stabbing you. He hugs you like a Trump handshake. Like he pulls you in and then it's really, yeah. It's weird. Like he's stabbing you. Actually that's, he's very tense. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like he might wanna stab You. You What is that? That's just A, I don't know what it is. I've tried to relax him on it for several years now. Yeah. He just hugs you and you're like, am I in trouble? Yeah. Am I in danger here? What the Fuck is happening here? Yeah.


He's just Him. Are we jumping off a plane? Why are you holding onto me so tight? What A riding exercise that show is to have to come up with a whole new minute every week. Yeah. That's bananas. Yeah. It's a bananas experience. I mean it's such, it's such a crazy job. And to do it live in front of a crowd and then have it on YouTube. And if you bomb, it's on YouTube forever. It's like, that's the ballsiest shit you can do. Man. Let me ask you this. Would you ever go on like, now that there have been, you know, I've gone on as a few characters, Shane going on doing, doing Trump. If there was ever a pitch to you from Tony or whoever, because you're a good actor man. And if, would there ever be a world if somebody was like, dude, Joe, let's get you up. And some to come on and do like a, If I had an impression that was Really good, like a bucket pool that was like a wild person.


Not even like a long panel thing, but like a Yeah, I would Do that. Like a fake per, you know what I'm saying? It Would have to be a person that I could actually do an impression of. Okay. Because I'm not that good. I I only have a few. Like I can do dice, And, I can, I've heard And do do Joey. But it's only a few. But what about an an original? There is a guy Named Earl Strickland. This, this is my best impression. My best impression is a professional pool player. Let's go for real. His voice or just the way he Is? No, it's a video of me doing an impression to him. I sound exactly like him. Awesome. And I say the crazy. He's, he's a genius, genius pool. One of the greatest pool players of all time. But like all people that are incredible at what They do, they're nuts. Yeah. Almost all people that are really, really good at things Yeah.


Are out of their fucking mind. Oh yeah. And he's out of his fucking mind. And he's famous for things like, he puts like ankle weights on his wrists when he plays and tapes up his fingertips and puts like shooting goggles on. Meanwhile, he's like one of the greatest pull players that's ever lived. Wow. So he has all these like gadgets and shit. He does. but I do this impression to him. Play it for me. 'cause you gotta hear HIMSS talk California, Mr. Earl Strickland. Ladies And gentlemen, that's my buddy. Justin Earl. How are you Doing tonight? Pool was a beautiful game played by ugly people. Okay. First of all, how are you gonna play pool if you're not properly equipped? Where's your beekeeper's outfit? You don't have no ass weights. don. Don't see you in waiters. Whatcha are doing?


You have goggles on? No. Then get the fuck off the tape. So this is wow, dude. Now you gotta listen to the guy. Doesn't Sound Like you, but listen to the guy. That's like, if that guy was famous Yeah. I could do like a whole tour as him. Oh My God. That's your next chapter. Dude. I could do a tour of pool halls. Oh my God. Meet and greets with that. But That's the only one I could do that. Good. Well here's the thing. Even that voice, I'm like, dude, that's a kill Tony guy. You see that guy coming on? Right? This is him. Tournaments Every week. you know, it was just the best players in the world playing. you Know the bro, you nailed it. I know how to do his voice. That was the biggest thing. Oh, Joe. Who Was a beautiful game, played by a bunch of ugly people.


The stash, bro. Yeah. He's a wizard Now. Is he, is he so famous that like a biopic is in the works if something happened? They could, they could do a biopic of Earl Strickland. And I could play Earl Strickland. Holy, I can't play as good as Earl Strickland. And I Not, not built like Earl Strickland, but I could definitely do a, a Earl Strickland impression. Oh my God, that's awesome. He'd be so mad at me. Have, wait, so you haven't you've met him? Yeah. Yeah. I met him. He was happy when I met him. I ran into him and he was like, why are you picking on me? And I. Go, dude, I'm a giant fan. It's the only way I could do an impression of you That good. Because I'm a, I'm a huge fan. And we became friends, like friendly. That's awesome. But then I tried to get him on the podcast and he doesn't want to come on, he's, he's mad at me for something Doing his voice.


He like, did it keep fucking saying he is made, he did a podcast saying that he like turned me down that he didn't wanna do my podcast. I'm like, okay. Oh God, I'm only a fan. Yeah. I'm only telling, I the only, I only joke it around because I think you're awesome. Is Pool your, oh man. How do I ask this question? Not vice number one. Ho number one, like if you had the ideal day, like a joint, a show, you know, and maybe post show for however long and you're hanging, obviously I know you like your dinners and whatnot, but like, is pool your true, like you're in your happy place Zen? Well, It's just a, to me it's like a game that's also a mind cleanser. So there's certain Things and the social aspect of it, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Social aspect. Well, if you're hanging around a pool hall, for sure. Yeah.


Also it's like pool players are also obsessed with it the way you're obsessed with it. So you could talk about stuff that you can't talk about with other people, like tip millimeter sizes and carbon fiber shafts and shit. Nobody wants to talk about that. But the pool players can't wait to talk about it. So you're talking about these weird aspects of the very particular aspects of this game. But while you're doing it, when you're just trying to concentrate on running out and just trying to concentrate on putting that Q ball perfect for the next ball. Perfect for the next, you're thinking three balls ahead. You're, you're plotting your lines and you're, you're going, there's no room for anything else. Yeah. There's no room for, oh, I forgot to call that guy back. Oh, I gotta do this. Oh, I gotta do that. Yeah. Oh, I didn't do this today.


There's no room while you're shooting. It's a mind cleanser. So all the things, should I do this? Should I do that? All that goes away. Yeah. And it just cleans your mind down. Yeah. Because it requires all of you to make a hard, especially on tight pockets, a long shot on tight pocket. It requires all of you to stay in line, have your stroking arm, follow through, smooth, have the proper grip on the cube where you're not gripping it too tight. You gotta like, you're cradling it like a little baby bird, like a little baby bird in your hand and you're just letting that Q weight and the, the acceleration from your arm push through that ball. And you wanna watch that spin as it collides with the other ball and moves perfectly to the next ball that requires all of you.


So while you're doing that, it cleans your head out. Dude, Strickland, you're just making me realize is like Bob Ross for pool. Yeah. The way that you described all that, I was like, dude, that all made sense. You just basically broke down pool in the most beautiful way. And it really is. There's so much finesse. There's so much like strategy, there's so much, there's athleticism involved, There's a little bit of body control. Yeah. I wouldn't call it athleticism, but you have to have execution. Yeah, you're right. You have to be able to execute the shots and that requires like a finesse that's learned over thousands and thousands and thousands of shots. I thought I was gonna be a pro pool player at one point. My mom, my mom was a single mom, four jobs, ran an assisted living homes, you know, activities.


That was one of the jobs, like the bring in, you know, our school choirs and then just coming up with games for him. And so I'd go there for a lot of times after school and there was a guy that was like, I, don Dunno, the fucking janitor. Who knows this guy. Even like worked there, but all of a sudden I'd always be upstairs with him playing pool and my sister and, and he just like was so good and would like show us trick shots. And I got so into it. It was one of those things you got so into for like three, four years and then don don't know girls. Yeah. But if you got someone who's good that showed you how to do it Right. That's huge. I always think back every now, not always, but think back to like, oh man, what if I like had really made that a a thing? Because I I mean who knows how where I was. But all I know is I was playing like anything as a kid. Right. I was playing all the time to where I was like, oh man, what if that was like, That've been crazy.


Yeah. if I knew you from the pool world instead of the comedy world, that would be crazy. I know, right? Yeah. Yeah. But then you probably would've had this thing in your head like, I think I could do comedy. Oh yeah, I think I could do it. Yeah. you know that thing that you, you had in your head before you ever started doing it? Like that little voice, it's like maybe you should do Comedy. Oh, that was me on the bus impersonating doing Ace Ventura scenes because, so I was a fat kid and then I was getting teased all the time. You like blow Up, look at you, you handsome bastard. Thank you. Fat kid Blow up to care of myself. Blow Look at i's right. Right. I'm trying to take care of myself. You like take the guy in it too. Remember the fat kid in it too comes back buffing handsome in, in it too. Wow. You don't remember? I didn't see it.


I watched it the other day in the, in it one the chubby kid. Yeah. Gets cut up by the bully. Yeah. Remember that? Yeah. Then in it too. Now he's a stud. He's got like a six pack. Beautiful man. Like something happened. Gotta blow. Well yeah, Blow up. We still working on that, but yeah, up. You gotta glow up. I appreciate it. Yeah, I, it was, I was getting teased all the time, so it was fat kid. And then I started making friends laugh and they were like, oh, you're the funny kid. So then I was like, oh, this is making them laugh, which feels good. And then it's also changing the way they're looking at me, which I felt like Right. A crazy superpower. I mean it was sixth grade, it was And. I was just, you know, I just was like, oh, I gotta chase this then. So then it was, you know, but I was doing it naturally. I wasn't going outta my way to do it. It just came like I was, I'd watch Ace Ventura then I was like, oh, I wanna, you know, do that to a couple friends on the bus.


And now I'm like telling stories. And then I would prank call Seattle Sports radio stations and record it on like my, my first Sony play it for friends on the bus. And they'd be like, just seeing them laugh was fun or prank call. One of the first things I did was there was a girl in our class that everybody had a crush on and me too, but she was like, yeah, bigger tits than me. Why would I like you? And so I called my buddy who she ended up dating and pretended to to be her as I called him with other friends kind of diabolical. Jesus, you could do an impression of her. That's that good In fourth grade. Yeah. Remember my voice? I didn't sound like this. Right. You're in fourth grade, Right? Yeah. That's Insane dude. And so, so even back then you were doing that. Yeah. Impersonating teachers and whatnot and then Yeah. That's hilarious. But Then, but the, but the, the chasing of it was, which is why I was telling somebody this other day, Jim Carrey, when he came through when he was scouting from Dine up here at the comedy store, And I had never met him.


And he was walking through and Adam, he gets walking him through and you know, that movie was so influential on me, Jim Carrey in general, but like how much I was like, you know, involving it in making people laugh. He walks Was It a movie or was it a television show? Ace Ventura? No, no, the the comedy store thing. Oh, a television show on Showtime, right? Yeah. Okay. So he is coming through the back bar. I think he was gonna have to do Roast Battle and I'm saying in the back bar or the main bar of the store. And, and he walks through and Adam's like, Hey yeah Adam, it's Jim Carrey, And. I go. And Jim goes, okay man. And then keeps walking. And I was like, and Rob the bartender was like, dude, you fucking, what was that? And I was like, I couldn't I don know couldn't communicate.


Yeah. And then I, I put it all together. And I was like, oh dude. Like I'm sure subconsciously in that moment I was like, oh dude, this guy, you know, whether it was all about it or not, like me just telling you all this stuff about the movie and influencing me and, and giving me the confidence to like want to try to make people laugh. He was your Jesus. Yeah. I mean in a weird way. He just meant Jesus I mean. I think so, man. That's what it was. Put me on the track to trying to, and now that's my life. I don know. Right. Maybe I'm getting too heady about it, but No, you're not getting too heady. No, I, I appreciate what you're saying. Yeah. I I, that's exactly what it is. Like he is the guy that started the Spark. Right. He's the guy that inspired me. I think so he doing impressions of him getting laughs is what got you down the road. Yeah. Yeah. So you meeting him was a freakout.


Yeah. He should be used to freakouts by now. Like you're fucking Jim Carrey dude. Yeah. You give but I bet he gets bugged out by people that don't act normal around him. Sure. you know what I mean? He's probably so tired of it. Yeah. Maybe he appreciate that. And then Adam later was like, Dude, you fucking froze in front of Jim Carrey. Man, That's a great idea, Dude. He was right there. don don't know. He's probably coming back. You saw Santino. So he's he'll be bad. He hasn't been here in 30 years now. He's definitely not coming back because you fucking stared at him. Weird. Adam. Him Shut up. Shut up Adam t That's a perfect Adam. T Yeah. But you know, those guys, I think that being that famous for that long is like radiation poisoning.


Yeah, I think so. you know, I think you have to have a very unique constitution to live near Chernobyl. Oh yeah. And I think that if a guy that's that famous for that long probably goes a little insane. Wild. Yeah. And he also like, became insane. I think when he was doing Andy Kaufman, he, he behaved whoa like Andy Kaufman for like a year. Fuck It. Don't for, you know, I need to be taking a pa Like what if that happens to me with this Phil thing? No. Yeah, I know. I can Separate. you know, you, you separate you, you're talking to me before you went on stage. You were at Phil, you were just you, you were just Yourself. Can you imagine, fuck if I was just like, Joe, you excited for tonight's show? And I would understand. I'd go, yes. Yeah, Phil, what's up? Told Jay I said hi. Shit.


I should have done it. Dude, you that coat you were wearing that night where like you were I mean It was incredible dude. And you looked like with the your shades and that jacket where I Just wanted to be ridiculous 'cause we're at Madison Square Garden. I love it dude. Yeah. And it's, you Were adding to the show. Yeah. It would just, to me it felt like this is so big. I should dress preposterous. I feel preposterous. Can I ask where you get a jacket like that? Nordstrom's. Let's go. Shout out to Nordstrom's. Let's go. I got a, it's, it's not, no animals died in the making of that jacket. Only A couple muppets. Maybe A few seals probably choked to death on the oil that Spilled out. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean is that even eco-friendly when people have like fake fur, I guess they think that it causes less death, but I wonder if overall it does.


I wonder if like, what is the amount of life lost through the petrochemical production of nylon versus Beaver trapping? you know, like what, how many things live lives get lost because of the, the actual production of fake leathers and and plastics and chemicals. How many, how many things go into the ocean? How many, how many things die because they get poisoned by the runoff. Yeah. How many, where are these things made? Let's Ask Siri. Right? What, where is this stuff made? Is this stuff made in some third world country that doesn't have any environmental regulations and they're just dumping this waste into the river, which we know has happened is like, but you feel better 'cause you're wearing a fake fur.


I'm not sure. I know. I'm not sure. Fuck. I think we might be better off just using real fur. Maybe. I bet we are. Yeah. But it's just cruel. The idea of killing an animal just for its skin is just cruel. Pretty Wild. Yeah, it's wild. But I mean we kill 'em for food. Yeah. It's weird. But like there's places that are fur free zones now. Okay. Right. Like States, Like places you can't sell furs. I bet you could still wear 'em. It is America. Yeah, but here's the thing, you can't sell fur. I think you can't sell fur in parts of Los Angeles. See if that's true. Sounds about right. I think they put a ban on selling fur. But you can still sell leather. Do you know how fucking insane you are when you have animal skin on almost everything.


You have animal skin on the inside of your car. You have animal skin on your shoes. You have animal skin on your belt. You have animal skin on your wallet. You have animal skin everywhere. If it's better, it's leather upholstered. Yeah. Look, look at this beautiful leather upholstery. Yeah. It's better if it has leather. So you have animal skin everywhere. As long as there's no fuzz on it. First sales are illegal in California to, that happened in 2019. State of California Oh wow. Became the first state to ban fur state's. Governor Gavin Newsom signed into law AB 44, which bans the sales and manufacturing of new clothing and accessories made from fur.


I get it. I get people wanting to be kind and not kill an animal for it's fur. I totally understand where you're coming from, but it is a little weird that we're okay with leather. Yeah. It's a little weird. Yeah. And don't ban leather you motherfuckers. That's not my point. My point is shut the fuck up and let people do whatever they wanna do. Like I don't, I don't think you should ban furs. I don't want one. I'd rather have a fake one. you know, What do you think about the text? Just because I feel bad. Yeah, But I mean, but I get it. if I was living in a place where they couldn't, like where did it all come from? Right. It came from that was the only way to stay alive. People wore big ass fur coats because it protects you.


They don't wear fur coat. The Inuits don't wear fur coats 'cause it looks cool. They wanna stay alive. Yeah. It's warmth. Yeah. That's all it is. It's the best way to stay alive. Especially when you're getting it from these animals that you're killing. Yeah. Like that's literally how you get your clothes and your food. It's from these animals. That's the, the origin of it all. Now it's like a weird thing because you're wearing it to show everyone you're a baller. You come in in a full length mink coat. What's Yeah. Dude's up player. Yeah. Woo. Like my ostrich hat. Yeah. You just, you have feathers on your cap from some exotic bird that had lost its fucking life. So you could look like a pimp and you just, Just to go to the Clippers gaming style wearing Gold all over your, your Hands. It's an alligator pussy ring. Diamonds carved outta the ground by child labor.


you know, and you just glittering and shining. You have to, you have to walk in like that by the way. Oh yeah. If you Got a fur coat hunt, you gotta walk in like this Even though the coat's doing the talking for you. But My friend Bill had one I put one on once. So I was like, oh my god, this thing's amazing. We were in Aspen and he had so comfy a make coat. I go, what is that? What is that coat? Let try that on. I put it on And. I was like, oh my god. Wow. This is amazing. Yeah. It insulates you so perfectly. You're just like pimps. Pimps made mink coats popular. Is that, I don't Know who made mink coats popular, but they're popular with rich Ladies. Rich ladies. Yeah. It's Rich ladies. And then it's like, I think pimps caught on because it wasn't with a lot of Joe Namath didn't Joe don't name it like famously wear a coat. Yes. Yeah. Balls are shit.


Yeah. It's baller Shit. It does. It looks, yeah. But back then people didn't think twice 'cause everybody's just trying to stay alive. Yeah. They were just trying to not starve to death. Right. you know, they didn't give a fuck about those animals. And once things got soft and sweet and people just started doing way better. Yeah. you know, and society, you know, it's like you don't have to worry about starving and death. Everybody's like, Hey why are we killing these little animals for their fur? Yeah. Let 'em live their family. What do you think about the taxidermy stuff? Like the full on people that have like rooms with just I Don creature on creature don Don't do that with animals. Eye hunt. Yeah. Because I like what's called a European mount. And a European mount is the skull with the antlers on it. Just the actual skull. The Yeah, I know what it looked like. I don't want a fake representation of it on my wall.


Yeah. It's basically a doll. The first of all, the people that do it are amazing. And the art of it. It is pretty incredible. 'cause it is an art form. What you're doing is you're, you're using this mold, right? So you have a mold that's roughly the size of the torso of the animal that you killed. They have a photograph of the animal that you killed and then they take the skin from the animal that you killed and molded around this foam and do it so perfectly that it looks just like the animal. Mm. They put fake eyes and they They do it all up and it's got the antlers from the actual animal on it. Right. And they've, they've made a fake version of this animal that you killed. I get it. Yeah. I get it. But it's not for me. Right. Also, don, don't dunno, I feel like I would get pretty baked my own house and have some, some late night freakouts at some of these Yeah.


Things that looked super, well, a buddy of mine has a full house of him. He's, his name's Doug. He lives in Jersey and, but he's into it for the Yeah. The, the artistic, like he, he says it's beautiful. It's got this big, it's Jimmy, you don't have that thing. I was gonna show Joe, do you the little trailer? Yeah. One second. So Joe, I made this doc called Doug about my friend who in was a lifeguard when he was 21 in the seventies, jumped into a pool in Jersey to save a kid who was faking drowning. And he ended up being a, a paralyzed from the neck down. And his brother Brian, who was an accounting, quit doing that to save his brother mentally, physically he was in the hospital, wanted to die. Was like, leave me in even the pool. I don't wanna live like this. He was a college football star.


you know, gonna be a lawyer. Brian not only gets him physically fit and mentally stable, you know, to a place to where he wants to live. Gets him so strong that he enters the Paralympics, ends up becoming the world champ of setting all the world records, gets on the cover of a Wheaties box, travels the world with Michael Jordan, Joe Montana, Boll Jackson speaking to people all over the world, becomes a criminal lawyer. Helps get the disability act going. And so I meet Brian, who's now, who's now a physical therapist to the Stars in New York. And, and he goes, he's telling me about his brother. He's like, dude, you gotta meet my brother Jug. This guy's a fucking, he's incredible. Come to New Jersey, meet my brother. You can hear him. It's as it's, it's as, it's as it's good as your strickland impression. And so I go to the jersey, And I, see his place, he shows me all these pictures and videos of him with the Pope and Christopher Reeve and, and Regis and Kathy Lee.


And I'm like, holy shit. Is this Stock out already? Yeah, It's on YouTube. And, I. Just it's a one minute trailer. Able to see the trailer. Yeah, let's see the trailer. Thanks Brother. So I directed is the first thing I, the Dug air story from the Wheaty cereal box to the s It was 1978 when dug air as a lifeguard dove into a pool to save a drowning boy. When I dove in this stand, kicked back and my head hit the bottom of the pool. He's no crying. I don't feel my legs. I can't, don don't feel anything. And I'm screaming to the guard, come on, come on. My life. It like ended and began right at that moment, my brother, he goes, you're not gonna get s corn arms. And he, he would duct tape one pound wrist weights to my hand.


They told me about our wheelchair sports. He Goes out in the field, Breaks the first world record breaks, the second world record, breaks the Serve Jeff, or shop at Discs, Doug Ham. We never thought we'd see that. Never. Well then I got a phone call Soon. His picture will be pasted on 3 million boxes of the stop. You see My brother on the face of my wheel. You fuck. So cool. Where's it go from there? you know, Hold down, get dirty in life and get back up again. And that's the journey. And you can't beat the parking. Just remember that, Dude, that's badass. Crazy story.


That's a crazy story. Why? So I went out there. And I was like, I at least had to film the interviews and their mom just passed with Brian Dug and 'cause the story of the, the brother, you know, just being there for Doug is wild and inspiring. And, I. Don't know. you know, having that amount of pictures and video to accompany any doc, I feel like is pretty imperative. Yeah. And it was overwhelming. So I was like, I'm gonna come out and at least interview you guys. And then took a couple years to put it all together. But on my YouTube channel, youtube.com/ Adam, Ray comedy. I tried to pitch it a few places, didn't really have enough juice. And then I was like, I'm just gonna put it up. 'cause I want them to, it should be out there a movie on that story. I mean It's Wild, Joe. I I mean I'll text you a link. It's only 50 minutes. So That you've never do did a documentary or anything like this before.


No First one directed. Yeah. That's crazy. So you just got inspired because this guy's story, to put this Together. 1000%. Wow. I was like, I can't believe that, that your story is not more. I go, I'm like, how the fuck have I not heard about this? And you know, I've talked to a few people since who had been like, oh, I remember seeing something on the news about this. Yeah. Fucking a quick news, a ten second, whatever. Right. But like, and Brian's such a character, the brother, that's who I was doing the voice of. That's a Great impression. His voice. That Is, that is right. It might be better than my earth trick Easy, but, but Brian now is, that's his life now. So that's also crazy. He dedicated his life to helping his brother. And now he is to the stars in New York and whoever else, I mean. He'll be on a, I flew him to Vegas once when I had a major back thing and three days of aggressive stretching and fucking fix me.


And on the plane he's like, there's a woman next to me. Her shoulder was fucking the fucked up. Like, fix Your shoulder. She wasn't able to do that for fucking 40 years. Now She can. And he kept telling me about Doug And. I was like, what Does he do to her shoulder that let her don don't Know. Just fucking licked. So, I dunno, he just, he did a little, I don't know, release Some kind of, yeah, he's manual release guy. He's, you know, he's, there's a name for the type of physical therapist he is, but he says that it's in case people don't understand, but he's a wizard man. And he, yeah. So I just got, I was like, I need to do this. Does he Like do Rolfing? Is it that kind of stuff? What's That? That's that really painful kind of soft tissue manipulation. You ever had it done? No. It's brutal, Man. Oh really? I mean. It does. It's it's a, that's why I say aggressive stretching.


It's really, yeah. But, but he just, a lot of unlocking things. A lot of, but there's days when I've seen him, I stuck around New York an extra day to, to get work done and you know, I get just from flying and carrying a lot of shit here. My quads get real tight all the time. And, and so, you know, I'm just not stretching enough. Which I know I got to, but, you know, he's like, I could use two more days with you to like really get you, you know, Loosen you up. Yeah. Yeah. But Yeah, I, I've been doing a lot of stretching lately. 'cause I, I had done a lot of like get, especially getting ready for the special, I was working out a lot also to try to calm my mind. Yeah. And I might have overdid it a little bit. And then how so I just was sore, man. My back was sore.


Stiff Could feel on stage as you were moving around. And then And I decided on Saturday. No, not on stage. Just mostly like, when I wake up in the morning, I'm like, I'm, I'm going a little too hard here. Right. but I was, what it really was, was I wasn't stretching enough and everything was just tight. 'cause I was doing a lot of like, kettlebell shit and it was just tight. And I. Spent like two and a half hours on Saturday just stretching in my hotel room. Just stretching. That's all I did. I just watched some YouTube videos and stretched And I felt a hundred percent better. Yeah, of course you did. When I got And, I was like, oh, you fucking idiot. You should be doing this all the time. I know. you know, putting, I need to do like long stretch sessions like that all the time.


That's patience, man. Two and a half hours. Yeah. You just watch YouTube. I just put your phone down and watch some fucking document. You have no excuse to documentary. I know. I tell my sister that now too. When she's like, I need to find more time to, you know, exercise in this And. I'm like, dude, you watch shows like already after work. Yeah. Just like, for even 20 minutes. Like walk around and just, you know, space out. But, Well, it's also if you want to exercise, like get on a, some kind of a cardio machine Yeah. And watch a movie on an iPad. Yeah. It's a cheat code. Yeah. It's A cheat code. It's how I watch anything is is on the bike to, you know, It's the best way to distract yourself from the fact that you're exhausted. Totally. If you watch a good movie with headphones on Yeah. And an iPad on a like stationary bike. Oh Yeah. Yeah.


You can enjoy the movie. Yeah. You actually can enjoy the movie. Yeah. And actually put in some serious cardio. Yeah. And you're, you, you'll be distracted. So you won't be thinking about the fact that you're exhausted on the bike. You'll be thinking about Oh my God. Don't go in the basement. Yeah. Don't go in the basement. I can't fucking believe this movie. It's insane. It's fucking movie's. Insane. Yeah. Yeah. you know what's Especially a good thriller, you know? Oh yeah. That keeps you engaged. Yeah. Com What's your go? I was well what's your go-to workout movie? Or do, can you not watch? Are you a re watcher? Yes. John Wick. John Wick's the greatest ever workout movie. Whoa. Ever. Yeah. Yeah. I have a confession. Haven't seen it. Oh my God.


It's like, let's watch it. A girl saying she hasn't seen Barbie put it Up, Jamie. No. It's like a girl saying she hasn't seen Barbie. Really? Right. Oh wow. Yeah. It's the most insanely violent movie of all time. We, it's insane. It's Kea, Right? Insane. Yeah. It's so Kea. It's so ridiculous. And They've made 15, They need four of 'em. Yeah, I think four, right? Yeah. Four. I remember hearing this last one. It was the Talk of the Town. People were like, It's a fun movie. Yeah. But it's a really good movie to work out to. 'cause it's just so crazy cool because it's like so many people are getting killed. Just like, Oh yeah, yeah. While you lifting weights, You get in those extra reps to watching people engage. You get Fired upt from Mortal Koba from, yeah. Wow. Yeah. It's a crazy movie. Mortal Kombat. It's fun. Remember when that became a game? Remember? Oh yeah. When that wa dude that I understood why my mom was like, you, you can't play video games.


Because I remember sitting downstairs, I had my bar mitzvah. She goes, I'm not buying you a video game system, but you can use some of your Jew money to buy. And she didn't say that. She goes, she can buy some of your, she can buy. What if she did? She goes, you can use some of your money from gifts to buy. And so I bought a Super Nintendo and then Mort. And then I got I think a Sega and then Mortal, or my buddy had a Sega and we played Mortal Kombat. And I. Remember just being like, what is happening right now? We went from Street Fighter, which is, you know, throwing, you know, Ts and whatnot and then just ripping a guy's cock off. Yeah. Yeah. You could kill people. Yeah. You Pull their fucking skull out with their spine attached to it. Pretty cool. Fucking cool. And then just go have a fucking crust ball right after.


And it's very addictive. Yeah. All those games are very addictive. Were You ever a gamer? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. What was your Quake? But it's just 'cause they're fun. Yeah. It's like they're not addictive. 'cause they suck. They're awesome. Yeah, dude. They're just too awesome. Yeah. Like playing Quake is too awesome. It's crazy fast paced. You're shooting rockets at people. They're electrocuting you to death. Yeah. It's Nuts. Yeah. You know, and it's, it's such an adrenaline rush that you just don't wanna stop. You just wanna go to the next game. Oh yeah. The next game. Keep playing, keep playing. Next thing you know, you're exhausted, you're dehydrated. You haven't had any food. Oh yeah. Eight hours. Oh yeah. What's wrong with you? And then you have to go to bed, you know, like, what is you lying in belly? What the fuck is Wrong with with me? Why am I still awake? Yeah. This is crazy. I've only played Halo a handful of times.


My younger brother's pretty obsessed, but he's really good. And I played it online. And I was real high. So I started to kind of get emotionally invested to where like, I'd see guys getting shot. And I was like, fuck, I can't, it always, my heart was beating so fast, it was too much. I probably, if I was sober, I would've been less. Oh, you Lost a comrade. You felt real connected to it. It Did. I was fucked up. Well, they Have virtual reality ones now. My friend Matt, Sarah, he play, he plays these virtual reality with The goggles. What, what's the one that Matt plays? What is that? The, the game he plays population one. Population One. Population one. So it's a VR shooter. Oh yeah. So he's running around with VR goggles on. So he really feels like he's in the game. And he's like, get down, get down. They're shooting at each other and shit. It's nuts.


Oh my God. He's getting the goggles on. He's like in his fucking house. Just move, move it around. Like, Gimme that security footage. So You feel like you're in a war. Yeah. Like you're, you're so immersed in it. This this video game is now it's too much a whole next level experience. Yeah. Yeah. Because just the in front of the computer is pretty involving. Yeah. You get the headphones on. Especially with these computer games now have 3D sound. So you hear sound coming from there. you know those guys over there, you know, you run towards them. You Smack your wife. Yeah. Ah, I mean. Yeah. It's, that's too, Well that's another thing about these goddamn games. You could beat the shit outta people. Like there's a lot of like, what is it, red Dead, what's the One? Red Dead Redemption. Right? Yeah. Where You like take someone and fucking tie a noose to their neck and drag it behind your horse.


Like you could do wild shit. You could drown a prostitute in the river. Yeah. You could do wild shit. And people are like, Hey, maybe you shouldn't be able to do this at a fucking game. This is a little crazy. Your 7-year-old shouldn't be able to see that. That's possible Yet it shouldn't be able to beat a prostitute that with a, with a shovel. Yeah. Like what are you doing? Maybe a Super Soaker just hit her in the face or something. Yeah. Something lighter. Well it's just the whole game is chaos. I know. you know, it's like you, but you, you could do chaos to anybody. Just like Grant theft auto. You could do chaos to anybody. you know, first time playing that though. And driving down Sunset and seeing like the Comedy Store was pretty cool. I think Grand Theft Auto, I think I read this. They were comparing the amount of money that Grand Theft Auto has generated versus like, almost any other like movie game.


Like, I believe it in comparison to how it does to like big Hollywood blockbusters. Sure. Like how much money has Grand theft auto generated I mean that has gotta be one of the most popular games of all time. A thousand percent. That may be, it's about stealing cars. Yeah. Over $8.5 billion. Yo. Good call. Dude. Yo, we'll be right back. That's a fucking holy shit dude. Yo, that's so much money. That's so much money, Joe. That's wild. Thanks for pulling that style up. Now. Do you think you deserve that amount of money? What have you done other than show teenagers? It's possible to beat Steal and Rob from a hooker.


Hold that thought. We'll be real big. Do you remember the guy who used to run bum fights? Yes. And he came on Dr. Phil. Yes. As Dr. Phil. Yes. And shaved his head. The top of his head, Joe. That's what we could do. You wanna come on the Dr. Phil LIVE show and be that guy. All you gotta do is throw a stash on you. That guy, he fucking Phil goes, what are you doing? And he goes, what? What? He goes, what are you doing? What are you doing? And he is like, I'm doing, I'm doing what you're doing. I'm like, I'm exploiting people. I mean. He's like, I don't like it. Get outta here. Yeah, get outta here. There's Robin. Dude just kicked him off his set. But it was weird. Right? Like, because you, you knew that's what he did. Of course. And you invited him on the show. Yeah. Yeah. He probably just didn't like him.


That, that path of the argument. Bet. Because that path is a legitimate path. do you think he knew there it's maybe he didn't know he was gonna get into a full makeup. 'cause I'm sure Phil's not visiting the guest. Right. Listen, this is not a surprise. If you, if you think, if you, if you think I exploit people every time you bring a guest on this show, you exploit them and spread whatever problems they have to the whole world. You think that's helping 'em? Yeah. Keep telling yourself that you can go, you know what, who do you think you are? Huh? Bye. Come on. Huh? No, I'm not finished talking to you.


Yeah, you are. No I'm not. Yeah, You're, yeah, you're done. Yeah. You're Don't even grab a complimentary Dr. Phil hat. Just go, I hate me right now. I mean this guy. Yeah. The thing about that guy though is that guy, that bum fights thing was crazy. It was wild. That guy paid people to pull their teeth out. Yeah. It was, there's some awful, awful shit. Yeah. You wanna talk about using YouTube for the wrong reason? Well it wasn't YouTube. It wasn't No, these were cassettes. This is like VHSs. Maybe My first taste of bum fights were When did, when did, what was Bum Fights originally released on? I don't believe it was YouTube. I think it was pre YouTube. Yeah. No, it was sold for 22 bucks a piece. So Bum fights. So people were either DVDs, I guess.


Yeah. Was Bum fights for people that couldn't get Girls Gone Wild. What? Like, 'cause those were both probably popping off. But basically what Bum fights was, was a lot of shit that you see already on the internet. You see how many bum fights have you actually seen on the internet? I've seen so many guys that are like on heroin fist fight in the streets of Los Angeles. Yeah. Like This is like this. This is a shit load of videos. Yeah. Of bums. Duking it out. Their pants fall down, guy gets kicked in the head, knocked unconscious. There's a lot of that that you can find. Yeah. I get sent it all the time by Tom Segura. Really? Yeah. He sends it just cell Phone, but a joke. No, the Instagram Reels the actual Gotcha. Oh yeah. Like terrible things that you can see people just doing to each other all over the, so the thing is like, this guy made a living off of it though.


And he was like selling these DVDs. And I. Think we didn't want to admit that. People wanna see that. Just like, we don't wanna admit people want to drown hookers and Red Dead redemption. But They do. They do, man. you know, They Do wanna see that. Yeah. They do. If you let people slap each other in the face on television, people will tune in. Oh yeah. If you let people dress up like fucking medieval knights and sword fight, they people will watch. Yeah. That is 100% a fact. Yeah. And back then we didn't wanna believe that. And there was no internet, so we didn't, we didn't really understand our nature until the internet came along. So think About two girls, one cub. Think About porn. Okay. Think about the amount of porn that gets digested by the average American male versus that of 1950.


Oh God, there's a huge difference. Yeah. There's a guys, were jerking off to underwear ads. Okay. Guys. Were starving for things to jerk off To. Yeah. That's weird. Yeah. They were jerking off to memory. They didn't even, they had no idea. We Had a really ha We had a lot of solid imaginations. Probably the fifties, sixties and seventies. All that's a Good, good idea in your head. That's why that's all you had. That's all you had. And then now everyone has a phone and anyone's phone can connect to a plethora of porn Sites. I had a guy on my flight about three months ago, no joke. Porn on the phone. No headphones. Jesus. Yep. Heard, like, heard. Oh, fuck my butt.


Fuck my butt. Oh my God. And then was just kinda like, like, and then saw, saw the, you know, people kind of like turning people. No one wanted to citizens arrest this guy. So everyone was kind of like, He probably was doing it to make people uncomfortable. For sure. Yeah. 'cause what is the law? And It was wild I mean I was two roads behind. Behind. I think he allowed to do that. Like what's the law? Like are you allow I think it's probably illegal, but Right, that's what I'm saying. Like, yeah. Like you shouldn't be looking at his, but if he can, if you can hear it. Yeah. Like what is the law, right? Yeah. Because if, like, what if you're playing a podcast that's offensive. What if you're playing a, a podcast on your phone that makes me upset and, but you're playing it. I have to listen to it. I'm getting upset. Right. What is the law on that? Right. I feel like you're allowed to do that. Right.


So if you're allowed to say like, fuck that guy and fuck this. But you can't say fuck my butt. It gets a little weird. Right. It gets a little weird. Yeah. Because like, it's his phone. Why, why are you even looking at what's on his phone? Totally. He shouldn't be a fucking, you're two Rolls back. Put your headphones on. How about stop paying attention to his phone. Right. But also, why does he have porn on his phone? And it's loud. Right? Like, I don't think, Is it a public, is it almost like urinating in pub a public decency thing? Like you can't Yes. It's just like that according to the law that I'm looking up Law. You can't pee in public or watch someone talk about peeing. Right. But can you listen? That's what I'm saying. Like, what is the law in like Listening to, because are you a peeping Tom if you're listening. Yeah. Defendant convicted of watching porn in parking lot fails in constitutional challenge to public obscenity law.


Watching pornography in public, in public serves no legitimate purposes. Unless you want to fucking jizz like a race horse. You're trying to get first class to turn things up a notch. Doing so with one's window down and at a restaurant's busy parking lot in full view of families recklessly exposed pornography to young children. Oh, well this is a little different. This is like a business and he got in there with his window rolled down and he's beaten off. He might be a little bit of a freak, but it depends on like, was he in the corner of the parking lot away from everybody? Yeah. Like, was he by himself? He's like, I just gotta rub this out. I gotta make a decision right now. I'm real confused. you know, it could have been like a mental get better, the Mental health Totally thing. you know, like, look, I'm losing my mind here.


This Thing says the public libraries can't block porn and it's not illegal to watch. Wow. I'm not saying that. No way. That's just what this says. That's crazy. I'll, I'll look at libraries staying cool and hip If that's true. How many people are jerking off in San Francisco in a library right now? Oh, I don't know. A thousand percent of the people attending the, the library. Hundreds. Hundreds. Yeah. I would certainly recommend against doing this. One. Lawyer says, But he said Missouri. Well scroll back up. Yeah. It said, under Missouri statutes, depending on the exact circumstances, the prosecutor could file at least two different charges. But this is Missouri. Every state's different with that too. Right. But but didn't, wasn't the article about San Francisco or any public library?


Yeah, this is just public library. Oh, it's any public library questions. Oh my God. Anywhere. I almost got arrested for taking photos, mooning a camera when we were like 21 or something. Like That's how crazy San Francisco is. I, he didn't even say San Francisco. I assumed. Wow. I just assumed. Look at you. Right. We didn't even bring up in my head. I'm like, there has to be San Francisco. That's so crazy. That's how crazy San Francisco's gotten where a story comes up and it's almost like the Bernstein Bears, what's that called? That thing when you Mandela effect The Mandela Effect. Yeah. The Bernstein Bear effect. Yeah. Well it's the Mandela effect. Oh yeah. 'cause people thought the Mandela died in jail. Right. But he didn't. Right. And so there's this thing like, people have like a whole narrative in their head.


It's like a glitch in the matrix type thing. Yeah. I think that might apply to this. 'cause it's like instantly I was like, oh, it happened in San Francisco. I would've told the story. I would've I, in my head, I would've, I would've gone on. Did you hear what happened in San Francisco? That's crazy. That you can watch pornography in the fucking li Meanwhile, it's every library. Wow. Every library. That's, that's, Is that one person making that the Guy in the parking Lot was in New Jersey Specifically? Of course he is. You see, You saw the thing. Yeah. Duh. If you had to guess what state's gonna produce the most parking lot. Jerkers. Did you? New Jersey is on the top of the List. Hear that story about the guy. It was maybe a few years ago. They might actually been during Covid when everyone was doing big work. Zooms and the guy thought he turned They doing what work? Zooms. I'm sorry. Work Zooms.


Oh. And he stayed on, he didn't turn his computer or sound off. It was one of those things where you log on for the Zoom, you know, the boss is like, all right guys, everyone's here, blah, blah, blah. And then you can just turn your screen off. But he didn't turn his off. Dude guy. He just started Guy just Started guy. Fucking hundreds of guys got caught. I have a bit about it. Hundreds of guys got caught doing that. It was that was that Jeffrey tubing guy? The CNN guy. Yeah. That's I guess a famous one. Yeah. Yeah. But it was like lot. That's A wrap. Lot of guys. You're Fired. He's back. Wow. The tubing guy's back. But Let's say it was like a Jamba Juice conference and you're on Zoom and you get like, Yeah, likely. It's a wrap. It's a wrap. It's a wrap. But if you're a rapper, no big deal at all. No idea. Whoops. I didn't know the camera was on. Sorry. Sorry. Yeah. Also, you're welcome for getting to see some beautiful, yeah.


I don't think no one tells You're welcome if you're getting caught doing that. Yeah. But it's one of those things where it's just like, Here's an article from the UK where it says it's debatable weather pouring, use public Crime, even illegal. It should be the best hope for prosecution currently looks to be an offense against public decency. But an ArcHa. What an but what an archaic notion. That sounds Now isn't that weird? When was this written? If the government wants to retrieve any credibility from this debacle, it could order a legal review. Can old laws be repurposed? Or is new legislation required? That's interesting because like when all these laws are put in place, they probably never anticipated porn on the internet. No. Especially the way it is now. Great point.


you know, when you talk about businesses that never got bailed out. Oh yeah. That's, This is what, imagine if I told you there was a business and this business is going to eat up about 30 plus percent of all the internet traffic. And this business is used by some ungodly percentage of men. Way more than it takes to elect a president. Right. What does it take to elect a president? You don't even 51%. Yeah. Way, way more than 51% guys have used pornography. But yet, when that business stopped making money, because DVD sales went away, nobody talked about a bail outta the porn. Just shut the fuck up. Yeah. Bail out banks or bail out this business and that business. And you know, too big to fail, but not the porn business.


Everybody's like, I don't even know what you're talking about. I don't, is it still real? I didn't even know they were making porn anymore. I mean don don't even watch it. Did you see the Ashley Madison doc? What is that? Ashley Madison was Oh, is that the dating site? Yeah. The Affair. No, the site for where people could have affairs. Oh, That's Right. So it is a wild it it, it's, Oh, and they got doxed, right? Didn't something happen? Yeah, they got hacked. Yeah. Yeah. And, and so they basically, it's, it was an, yeah. People signed up to have a fa it was a wild Folk, just a whole Website Full of wild folk. Oh man. Just a bunch Of risk takers. Yeah. Just a bunch of Peoples, just a lot of people doubling down and Yeah. Running away from their husband hit Me, me on twenties. Yeah. Two O'clock in the afternoon. Yeah. Fucking wow.


Made me at the subway. Yeah. Next to the K ffc. Let's get wild. Where's that? My pinch mask. It was maybe that Guy was in the parking lot getting ready for one of that. It was wild dude. Warming up. Yeah. And, and then they interviewed a couple couples that were all about that. Were doing it together. Oh, geez. That were just like, that. Were just swingers. Yeah. Swingers are weird. They're like, they have a missing fuse. It's like there's something in them that's like, it's Different. I met a few swingers through Brad Williams. Of course. 'cause swingers and little people know each other. Oh, really? There's a direct Yeah, there's a interesting, yeah. They have the same agents. Yeah. They just, so I met my first through Brad porn, stars, swingers and other little people through Brad and comedians.


But these, these swingers were wild. Dude, I never I mean. I'm coming from small town north Seattle. And like, I, I just, I didn't even know. It's not something I just is in my zeka I never met. And so just talking to them so normally was just wild. you know what I'm saying? It was, I Did these gigs in, God, I can't remember what state it was somewhere in the south. It might've been Nashville. Mm. So I did this gig with Ari, and we had this guy drive us from the club. He picks us up at the hotel or at the airport, takes us to the hotel, and then he's driving us to the gig and he's, and everything's normal. And then he eventually, at the end of the weekend, he's driving us to the airport. And when the guy's driving us to the airport, he opens up about his swinger life.


Like outta nowhere. He's like, you guys ever swing? you know, we, we have a swinging swinging club in town. And we're like, swing? Like, what do you mean? He's like, you know, like, we wife swap and, and the like, he goes, he, I've been doing it for a while. I go, you like swinging? And he goes, oh yeah. I love it. Yeah, we swing, you know, my wife fucks with her. I get, I get to decide though, you know, like if, if he's too good looking or he is too buff, I get to decide that she, I don't like that guy. He, she, she can't fuck that guy. And we, they make like decisions like that. Oh my God. And this guy's just opened up to us outta nowhere, By the way. What preceded that conversation? Nothing. Nothing. Like, fucking zero. It's hot today, huh? Speeding. Hot.


I don like swinging. You guys like swinging Like what? Out of nowhere. This dude's just chatting it up about the, the guys. He lets his wife. Fuck. It was crazy. That's Wild. But he was one of them dudes that like, had a ponytail, but it was also bald. Like the whole thing was a mess. Of course he was chaos. He was a, a human. Just examples, if you Bring up swinging unprovoked, you have a ponytail. He was a bizarre cha character. But it was just, I've only met a, a few groups of people that are like really into that. Yeah. And one of them was in, I was doing the improv in Tampa and this, I did that Once. Fun gig. Yeah. Fun gig. And then this big room, this foursome of people were like, we're swingers.


You should come. We have a swinger convention. Like, get the fuck outta, they look like people that would be swingers. Wow. you know, just like, just a mess. Just a mess. Tampa is the swinger capital of the us. That's it. No joke. I had a guy come up to me and proposition, that's crazy. Me in Kansas City to this is when I was featuring for Har at the Kansas City Improv. And he goes, he goes, man, it's funny. He is like, you know, ba my wife, you guys are doing it. You wanna fuck my wife. And I was like, whoa, what had it never been proposed like that? Then she comes over, what are you guys talking about? I go, oh, he is trying to say wants to us to do something. And he whatever. She goes, what the fuck? Had no clue that that was even, I was like, oh.


He said, and then it was just super weird. And she's like, Darryl, what the fuck? Why would you like, I'm crazy, but what the fuck? I would never do that. And he, I'm like, oh, this guy must just be going around doing that. Oh, That's his thrill. Yeah. He wants someone to fuck his right. Or Maybe he wanted me to say Yeah. And then like, beat you up. Yeah. Could be. Could be a trap. It was Fucking wild. Because I Could be set in a tramp. Yeah. Who knows? Who knows? But it's just a, that, that's a weird culture, but you know, whatever. Not hurting anybody, dude. Exactly. Go fuck each other. Yeah. Enjoy it. They have clubs where they go and they're like, there's like a Oh, the eyes wide show clubs, right. Filled With people. Yeah. Fucking each other. So one of my friends, maybe it was Callen told me he got in, it's a little Bang bang party.


It was like in the nineties or something like that. Of Course it Was told me that he went to one of those and he walked in and people were fucking all over the place. Was those the things where you like drop your keys in the bowl or you put your phone like right. Or That's No, that's like a party that they would like throw all their keys in the bowl and then the guy would reach in and pull out one of the women's keys. The woman reached in and pull out one of the guy's keys and you figured out who you're going home with. Wow. Yeah. And they just swap, swap wives. Dude. I mean, then that became a show. Yeah. Is that a wife swapping or was a show? Yeah. Yeah. Of course it was. I wonder if it's real though. you know, those shows, they fuck around a lot with those shows. They, they manipulate reality. I Remembered and found this recently. It's a commercial from Ohio. Ohio where I'm from. Sun Bubble Hot Tubs.


A hot tub place. Oh bro. We had, Oh, rent a private room. Jamie, I love you for pulling this up. We had one in Seattle called Tubs. Look, you Bring your kids, Right? Yeah. Well yeah. I mean kids Are swimming in fucking baked jz. That's it's drop soup in there. 20 Bucks an hour or something wild. Oh, that's crazy. But that's like couples that, that's a very different thing. Swing Bro. We had a place like this. We had tubs in near a comedy club near Giggles. Did you ever play giggles in Seattle? Sure. That was the f where I first did Open mic. No, I never did giggles in Seattle. I did giggles in Sau, August, Massachusetts. Okay, Cool. It was the one comedy club. And I guess in the nineties that, that was thriving near the University of Washington. And they had a place called Tubs there. But we also have a place called Tubbs Subs, a sandwich place. So that's all I know about.


I'm a little fat kid thinking about sandwiches. And my friends dad were leaving soccer practice I'd score on my own team. That was, he called me a fucking idiot that was a rap for me in soccer. And so we're driving by and he's like, And I. See Tubs? I'm like, oh, tubs. I'm like, we should stop and get some food. you know, we just lost, I score on my own team some sandwiches. Sounds good. And he is like, oh, that's not, they don't do sandwiches there. It was just a same name. And I was like, oh, what happens there? I was like, well, people rent rent hot tubs and they go in there and just kind of hang out. I was like, had no clue. Said, what do you mean hang out? It's like, well, they go in there, you meet somebody, you bring 'em in, you have some fun. No clue. And then like, you know, 10 years later I'm like, oh, people were just going in there just to fuck, like you said, and just in a hot tub. Yeah. Yeah. Probably better in a hotel room For sure.


And it's a hot tub. Who doesn't love a hot tub? Yeah. People just wanna go and bang it out. Or maybe on a date. And you get a wild hair and you wanna go to a hot Tub room. How do you, woo dude, let's go. How do you feel about hotel hot tubs when you were on the road? Ooh. Yeah. Thank you. What are The odds, bro? That's clean. That's dangerous. I know, dude. That's literally, you Know, a guy got Legionnaire's disease from a, a hot tub in la What is that disease? Oh, It's like a disease that's like archaic. It's like one of those old world diseases that's not supposed to be around anymore. Oh God. And this guy got it. Of Course. It's in a public Tub. Fucking hot tub. Oh God. Find, see if you can find that article. I'm pretty sure it was California that it happened. Yeah. They never cleaned that space. My memory's a little foggy on where it was. I feel like it's, but maybe I'm thinking everything crazy's in California today.


you know, I, I assume that other story was from San Francisco. Yeah. But this guy, he, he got in a stinky ass hot tub and he got Legionnaire's disease and fucking died. You can die for A bro. He died. Yeah, he died. Do you have it? 'cause if you not, I saved the article. Yeah, Man, I, I definitely saved it on my phone. 'cause I was like, this is the craziest fucking story. It's Just going to relax. So this is in 2023 California spas please. To be the source of an outbreak of Legionnaire's disease. Oh God. That caused the illness of multiple people in the deaths of two. Contra Costa Health announced Monday. It has been investigating Zenday Spa and Contra Coasta California since August.


How about you step in fucking, how about don't investigate, just fucking test the water. That's so crazy. Wow. One dead 11 sick in a Legionnaire's disease outbreak in Napa. Oh my God. It's a hot tub disease. Yeah. That's, that's gotta be a wrap for Man who died of Legionnaire's disease from Bay Area Spa was celebrating his birthday. Oh God. God. Dude. A hot tub birthday gone wrong. It's your birthday. I wanna take you to the hot. You got a Groupon. Oh my God. Oh, so do all the other people that jizzed in that pond. That's what's so disgusting. It's probably just a combination of jizz me shit. And this just becomes this monster virus that kills people that are trying to celebrate their birthday.


What the fuck? Yeah. Bring your kids. Bring your kids to the spot. Oh, catch Legionnaire's disease. What? What is that? What is don don't have a health permit. Oh, why should they? It's only a spa where you're naked. It's Wild. That like, and A tub of water. Why would they have a health permit? Why would they even check? Yeah. A hot tub is a wild invent. I mean even a public hot tub is just such a wild idea. It's bacteria like, what are you doing? Water that gets hot like that is so perfect for bacteria. Yeah. It's so wonderful. If you don't have the right amount of poison in there, which is what it is when you're pouring chlorine in there, you're just killing everything that's alive. Severe pneumonia. Oh wow. It's a severe form of pneumonia, lung inflammation usually caused by infection. It's caused by a bacterium known as Legionnaire.


Why did they name it? Legionnaire's disease. Let's Google that. 'cause it sounds like some shit that happened in the old world. It does. There's a bunch of diseases that are starting to emerge in the homeless community in Los Angeles that are ancient diseases. No shit. From What? From you think they got typhus just from being disgusting. The American Legion State Convention at Philadelphia. Oh God. What? Okay. It's, it's commonly known as Legion Legion, which is a generic term for respiratory infection caused by the Legion Legionella bacteria. This disease is named after a deadly outbreak of pneumonia in 1976 that occurred during people attending the American Legions State Convention in Philadelphia.


Legionella. Sounds like Coachella for people that have swallowed a lot of hot tub. Come. So, so that's why they named it Legionnaire's disease because it happened during that. That was the outbreak. Oh man. Wow. Wow. Yeah. No thanks. What is the American Legion? What's that? What's the convention of the American Legion? Do you know what that is? Led to the name of the Legionnaire's disease. No clue. Yeah. But what is the American Legion knows the Veterans Association. Wartime veterans. Oh my God. Aimed at advocating Patriotism. So they wartime veterans and they die from a fucking disease. That, and then they name it after the Legion. Wow. Which is like really bad for business.


Yeah. Really bad for business. Yeah. They shouldn't have done that to them. Don't call it Legionnaire's disease. Don't name it after us. You fucking assholes. Call it some fucking weird Latin name and come up with some spooky monkeypox type definition. Don't call it, don't name it after us. Imagine if somebody caught pneumonia. They called it Mothership IUs. And they got mother people dying from mothership IUs. Like, Hey, you fuck Headss? Yeah. You'd be pissed. Don't do that. It just happened to be there. Yeah, it's not the Legionnaires. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's not the Legion Center. That was the problem. No, they didn't do anything wrong. No, but they probably had some dudes that were coming back from Thailand. you know what I'm saying? 1000%. you know what I'm saying? Where does herpes get his name? Old dudes that come back from Thailand. Oh Yeah. With everything. You know, they go over there for like four months of the year.


Come back looking like, who knows? Who knows what I, who knows. You looking around real quick. Yeah, yeah. There was a, a meme that I saw today of this older man. Like they're using his sixties and he's holding hands with two hot Asian girls. And he was saying something about like, when I catch cash, my VA check And I disappear. Don't worry about me. Cool. Because I'll be in some strange country. Oh Yeah. Where There's rampant sex trafficking. Oh my God. I know, right? I thought you, by the way, I thought you were gonna bring up the 91-year-old who just died and who was married to a 42-year-old.


Whatcha talking about 91-year-old billionaire I just saw today that died in Well, it's True love. That's what's important. That's what's beautiful Joe. She's probably hot as fuck. Oh, she's probably super, super hot as fuck. Oh, She was way into him. Let's see what, what he and she looked like He had a great personality. I, That gives me hope for the future. If everything goes sideways, you know, like you should be, men should be happy because that's even possible that you can trick. There you go. A hot look at that. Totally looks like they would love each other in Real life. It looks like Mr. Bean's dead. Yeah. She looks like she should be married to a farmer. Some big old buff farmer. How do, how does she even meet this? Well, I mean, I guess. Yeah, probably Some billionaire dating stuff. Yeah. He gained fame through high profile dates. Just weeks after marrying his six wife.


She die. Yeah. She got a pillow over that dude. You think? No. Yeah. Yeah. No. But if you're a woman and you know you're 40 and this guy's nice and he's worth fucking $30 billion. He wants to marry you. Like let's go. Hey, let's go. Let's fucking go. I know I can, I can deal with you. Did you ever, maybe she likes him. Maybe she even likes him. Maybe she also likes being super fucking rich. Totally. Why not? She might like that a little bit more. Yeah. Like people were always about, remember Anna Nicole Smith? Yeah. Yeah. J Howard Marshall. Yeah. And people were like, they knew what it was, but best guess what? He knew what it was too. Totally. He was having a good time. It was caused by a tough bike workout. Oh wow.


He was rushed to the hospital with crippling back pain. With a ruptured heart valve. Wow. He blew his heart out. Probably thinking about fucking there. 1000%. Yeah. He was still like, oh yeah. Oh, I'm gonna give it to her. Goodnight. 49 year age difference. So what, let it go. Ooh, look at that one right there. Is that her? Previous? Previous. Oh, the previous one. Damn. Lemme see that one. That one's even more preposterous was to feel No, scroll up so I can see. Oh, This guy's been doing it forever. That's The most preposterous one. That's perfect. That's what I like to see. It does. Gimme hope I see that. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause you can be disgusting. Also, It gives me hope that it like, I don't know how old he was, 80, 90, but Like bam. That's what, that's what I'm talking about.


24. Well, how about the dude? Even like Betty White before she passed was saying how like, she was like, I think at 99 maybe that like, there was some article I read and she was just like talking about like still banging it out. Wow. Yeah. Dude. Wild. Those Old, old ladies don't give a fuck. Oh no. They're not worried about your approval anymore. Dude. That's, she'll Tell you who she fucked. She'll tell you who she fucks was that guy who owns the Raiders, who's got like a really hot 24-year-old girlfriend. Oh yeah. He's got that crazy mo haircut. Yeah. Dude. That guy. That dude, What? A guy's a character. He looks like a, he truly looks like a Nickelodeon cartoon character, didn't He? Is he having a baby? Is that what's going on? I don know. Well, the, or is it? And Bill Belichick's got a young girl.


I mean Pacino's got I mean. Fuck dude. Pacino's a dad at 92 or whatever. Is that sounds Normal. No, it's totally normal. Seems like it's gonna work out. What the fuck? It's so, yeah, it's so, I think Pat Pacino wanted to take a paternity test too, to make sure it was his Like what? I'm shooting live rounds. Yeah. At fucking 90 years old. That's wild. How is that possible? Yeah, It can't be, but it is. Yep. That's the crazy thing about men. Men can keep having babies when they're geriatrics. But women like nature says, that's rap. They get to a certain age, they going through menopause and that's a wrap. But the dudes can just keep impregnating gals. Look at that. There he is. Bam. Son. What's up dude? He looks like he, oh, I beat this.


Bam. Yeah. Bam. Bam. Yeah. Wow. Mystery woman. Oh, she's a mystery woman. She's a mystery. She's hot. That's not a mystery. Congratulations sir. Good For him. Yeah, you did it. Yeah. This a fun thing about the People lottery, but When you see it the other way, you get creeped out. Yeah. Like if you saw Betty White with like Thor, you'd be like, what the fuck? What's going on there? Yeah. That's kind Of gross. Yeah. Why are you doing that to that old lady? Yeah. You'd be worried about Betty White. Yeah. Yeah. Are you having Sex with her the way you would have sex with a young lady? That's disturbing. Yeah. That's tough. Like what Are you doing to her? Can she even take that kind of abuse? Maybe she could. Jesus. Maybe she wanted it. Maybe She's just one of them old school ladies. Immigrant ladies with strong bones. Oh God.


Stiff spine. Harlan used to do a joke when I would open for Harlan, he would do a joke where he'd go, he'd take somebody's tortilla chip out of the front, front row and you go, here's my impression of a 75-year-old woman having sex. And then he would just crinkle the chip into the bike and it was like, it sounded exactly like everything breaking. Oh. And yeah. Yeah. It sounds wrong, right? Yeah. But like an old guy, like having sex with a hot young lady, like go pops. Kind of a cool way to go out too. Yeah, sure. I guess. Yeah, actually. Yeah. Maybe not. Then I guess everyone's looking at you like, oh, you couldn't, couldn't keep it together enough. Oh, this is the one. She's not, they're not.


This is like a weird rumor. Oh, it's wildly untrue. Yeah. Well, of course it is. People love saying silly shit. That's not true. Hopkins is pictured sitting next to Davis in December, 2022. Fueling rumors the two were romantically involved, but they're not. But we're hoping, we're hoping that he can get a gal like that. That's what it is, right? Oh yeah. You are hoping Oh yeah. You're not going. Oh my God. Because he's so old that he's passed the creepy into the novelty. Yep. Right. So there's a creepy firm. Yep. The creepy version is like, you know, a guy who's in his sixties is dating a girl who's 20. Right. That seems creepy. But if a guy's in his, his Seventies. Yeah. He's dating a girl who's 20. It's like, okay.


Yeah. It's so Ridiculous. Why is Yeah. Also a little more acceptable. It is What? It's I Know. you know. It is what it is. I know. you know what it is. I know what it is. Everyone knows what it's Stop acting like you don't know what it is. He probably knows what it's, he knows exactly what it's, maybe he lies to himself. That's fine. That's His, we all know what it's, That's his deal. So when it's 60 and 20 or 50 and 20, we feel like that person is probably taking advantage of that 20-year-old. Potentially. Potentially. Yeah. Maybe not. Maybe she's a real mature 20. Sure. That could be possibly. Sure. Okay. Family loves this guy. I can, I can deal with that. But there's a weirdness. If it's like a 60-year-old guy and a 20 that makes me creeped Out. Oh my God. That's Too, that's too old. Oh Yeah. But if it's a 70-year-old guy and a 20-year-old, you're like, eh, it's okay.


Dude. My buddy went to school and there was a 45-year-old dating a 20-year-old in their, in in college that, that felt very weird. But It wouldn't be weird if it was a 20-year-old guy. This is my problem with it all. Like a 20-year-old, let's assume that men and women are equal. Right. A 20-year-old man and a 45-year-old lady is great. Like no problem. Like look at her. She's got a hot young guy. Yeah. Like no one cares at all. Yeah. At all. It would be weird, but not weird where you would think, oh, that lady's a creep. No. Right. No, But like a 49-year-old guy and a 20-year-old girl, you're like, Hmm. May I mean Maybe Same thing with the teachers, But I'm not, I'm not one to tell people what to do. No, but if it was the other, other way around, like Cher is what?


How old is Cher now? Don't ask a lady your age. Adam, how old is she? She's 77. Wow. I was gonna say he's 37. Wow. Okay. But listen, that doesn't bother me at all. Right? That is what it is too. Yeah. Right. It is what it is. you know what it is. Yeah. you know what it, you know what it is. you know what it is. but I know what it is. I Know what it is. you know what it is? She knows what it is. Everyone Knows what it's, we all know what it's, we all know and And we're fine with it. And We're fine With it. But it's just, you can still go about your day and eat pizza. Let them live their life. So like a 49-year-old lady and a 91-year-old guy, like, fine. Let me ask you this. When you heard about Mary Kay Erno that happened in Seattle where I'm from, and that was the first teacher that like was fucking around with a kid that was I mean. That age gap was like, I think 35 and 12. But also She, listen, she's the first teacher to get caught.


There it is. Yeah. They were, there's freaks all over this fucking planet. Wow. Freaks. Also, there's women that are just As crazy. Did you see this? Crazy, charming? Some men are crazy and some women are crazy. And some women are crazy and they have great features. Yeah. And they're just nuts. And they wanna blow the whole football team and they don't give a fuck. Who tells who what? Who cares? They Got into teaching for that reason. Well, Who knows why they got into teaching, but they're crazy people. Yeah. And then some people just have no impulse control and they want to get teenagers drunk and maybe they wanna relive their high school and freak these young boys out and suck their cocks. Wow. Wow. They're gonna suck their cocks in front of their friends. Like, oh, I can't believe it's happening. Can you imagine seeing that the Math teacher's got her tits out and she's blowing you.


You're like, what am I seeing? How is this even Real? don don't know what I would do, bro. And they're always in Florida. How many of 'em, like if I hear a story like that, like I think of another story in San Francisco. Probably if it's a teacher, you're exactly right. Fucking her students. I go, ah, probably Florida some hot blonde with big tits. Tampa teacher took the pickleball team. Oh, Jacksonville. No, Tampa. Yeah. The Swinger State. The swinger state. It's, there's Something in the water out there. It is. It's probably alligator farts. They're fearless. Turned everybody confused. Yeah. It's a methane in the air from alligators fart. And it's got everybody high. They are fearless down there. Yeah. Hurricane warnings. They don't give a fuck. Well, They do Give a fuck, but there's not much you can do. Well those people, if you choose to live down there like that is the fucking gamble you play.


But don't you ever see those stories when like, there're like a thousand mile an hour winds coming through and then some guy's just like, I ain't going anywhere. I built this house. Yeah, he's ready to Die. What's, some people are just ready to Check it out. That's what it's, and If God's gonna take him out by flattening their house, Sucking you outta your house, they're Like, I'm not leaving. don don't wanna go anywhere. I don respect Kinda of respect that. Yeah. Maybe the car doesn't have any gas. They don't have any money for gas. you know, if you're gonna drive away from a hurricane, you are gonna have bumper to bumper traffic for a day. You ever been in that? You ever seen it? Oh yeah. Did you? You ever get stuck in one of those? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Like just a big pile up for hours and No, like a hurricane Pile up. Oh, hurricane. Oh shit. No, It's a unique pile up because the whole state's trying to leave, like the highways are not set up where everybody can leave.


The highways are set up for normal stuff, So you're better. Normal stuff is you're going there, but I'm going there. We're not all going there. So If everyone's going there, Wow dude, we might just spark that back up. You gotta think about that. Yeah. Normal traffic is, we're all going all over the place. Yeah. I gotta go to the east. You gotta go to the west. Yeah, that's fine. We could have multiple cars going that Rarely Is everybody going, All going that way? Oh yeah. That's Fucked. That is so fucked. Look at this dude. This is what it's like 56 hours on the road to escape from Hurricane Irma. 56 hours. That's what that looks like. That's why you don't live there. You don't live there unless you have a fucking private jet. Yeah. Or a helicopter. Yeah. To get the fuck out.


They can get you the fuck out of there. Because if you get stuck in that shit and you're Arguably less safe. Right. Or I, don dunno. It depends on when you leave. Yeah. Okay. Because the thing about the, the modern storm, the, the way they're, the meteorologists and the way they're able to predict the paths to these things, they're pretty good. They're pretty fucking accurate. And they see them coming pretty far away. So they, you get a couple of days, but that's 56 hours. Yeah. 56 fucking hours. Look, that's what it looks like. So nothing is set up for that dude. Nothing is set up where, see, they have both lanes on both sides going this way. No one's going the other way. You notice that. So they change the lanes. So instead of on the right lane, people going forward and this one, they're going back.


Nope. Everyone's going the same fucking way. That's wild. Yeah. Yeah. No amount of podcasts can get you through that drive or road head. You're Just nothing. But you might not have the money for the gas. Right. Okay. Like, you're gonna run outta gas. This is what's keeping stationed. You're gonna have to pull over and get gas. You better hope they have gas. 'cause a lot of times they run outta gas. Yeah. In a lot of places they run outta gas and there's hurricanes. So you have to have a full tank. You have to make sure your car's not a gas guzzler. Yeah. You're gonna have to shut it off. Maybe because you're stuck in the middle of this fucking road and it's not going anywhere. 'cause there's 10 million people on the same road. That's a mindset. Horrifying. Yeah. That people don't take into consideration when they think about living in places like that. You have to take into consideration the fact that everyone has to go in one direction, not good.


And Florida is shaped like a dick. Right. So it's a narrow ass bullshit state. Yeah, dude. And everybody's going towards the north. That's what's Scary about LA too. Even with these, like last few earthquakes happening, I'm like, oh man, dude. Like it's it. We're just not set up in a, a leave town with East. Oh no. LA's not set up like that at all. For example, Texas 1 4 6, which travels through Liberty County, dumped 600,000 people into a county with only 70,000 residents. Oh, that makes sense, dude. you know how insane that is. 600,000 people in a place that only has 70,000 residents. That's crazy. Thousands of people ran outta gas. Their cars overheated from all the inching along, causing many to stop and sleep along the highway. The even reports of price gouging by convenience store owners inundated with customers crazy.


The death of 24 Bel Air nursing home residents who died when their chartered bus caught fire and exploded at about 6:45 AM Oh my God. Clogged Interstate and on traffic clogged. So the car overheat and caught fire. Yeah. So that's happening just with the influx of people. Right. There's just cars popping off. And dude, when You're, when you gotta get the fuck away from a hurricane that is, have You been in one or any sort of tornado? Not like that. No. Nothing like that. Any desire to Hurricanes that had made it all the way, like Gloria made it all, all the way to Boston when I was a kid. That was a, that was a, but it wasn't, you know, You know, have to go in a shelter and all that. No, it wasn't that scary. It wasn't, by the time it got all the way up to Boston, it wasn't as, it was nothing like the tropical ones.


The ones where you're catching them hot off the ocean. Yeah. And you're, you're getting those fucking Florida keys. Those fucking Miami ones. Oh yeah. Like, bro, those are bananas. Take you down. I Was in the rainstorm once in Miami where the whole highway had a stop. Whole highway stop. Because you couldn't see anything. You couldn't see a goddamn thing. The whole highway stop. That's hard. It's wild. How lot Of people drive still too with you when you just can't see? 'cause No, no one was driving. Okay. At this point it was so bad. No one was driving. I was doing a gig in Miami. Eddie Bravo was doing a jiujitsu seminar in Miami. I was doing a gig in West Palm. That's what it was. And I had to go down and travel to Miami with 'em. We had to stop on the highway. Stop dead. The whole highway. Oh my God. It was white.


You couldn't see anything That's like apocalypse shit. It was, it's just for how long? That wasn't that long because they just dumps and then it goes away in a few minutes and it becomes passable where it's just raining now. It's not so insane that no one can see. Right. But you've never seen that before if you've never been in like a tropical place. Yeah. That was a normal rainstorm. That wasn't like a hurricane warning. Right. They just get so bananas. You can't fucking see a car in front of you. Yeah. You can't see anything. That's so fucking nuts. Yeah. Dude. I had to go in a shelter once, a tornado. My grandparents and mom from Oklahoma. And when they were living there, we went into the shelter tornado people. Like, we were down there with people that were just like, we might have to live down here. This could be the new No.


This, like, it was my grandparents, few of their friends and people that were just like, went to the shelter and I'm fucking 10 surrounded by true doomsday guys that were just like, this is where we live now. Oh. Like, you might need to, and you look like you're the fattest kid here. Young Adams. So we might need to be chomping on those. I might have to eat you beef jerky titties. Ugh. It was wild. But just to even just the idea that like, oh, we're running away from this. Was was wild. 'cause Seattle, we didn't have any of that growing up. We just had, you know, torrential rain and whatnot. One Time when we were at the Nashville Airport, we had to go into the tornado shelter. There was tornadoes in Nashville, but nothing happened. Right. We got lucky that that's the craziest one. The craziest one is tornadoes, because you can't even predict those.


Oh yeah. Dude. Those just show up. You see Twister? No, I didn't. Yeah. I didn't see the new, I saw the old one. I didn't see the new one. I heard the new one's Good. It's wild. Is it good? It's awesome. Yeah. And the effects are wild. Dude. I mean what They can do. Now's like compared to the old twister. Oh my God, dude. Yeah. Helen Hunt. You believed Helen Hunt was in danger. Right. We were very concerned for Helen Hunt. Damn. And now you're I mean it's, I thought about going to one of those theaters. I wanna know how you feel about this. The ones that like shake the seats and fuck that. Yeah. No thanks. Fuck That. With all these people freaking out around me that you go to see a fucking horror movie and she, she, the seat is shaking. Oh yeah. People would start screaming. No thanks. Yeah. It's too Real. Too much of a mind. Fuck. Yeah. And maybe in some movies it'd be cool, you Know.


Well, when I worked at Universal Studios, they had a Shrek four D and so like when re or when Donkey would sneeze, you get, you know, blown with snot stuff. Right, Right. People like that. But that's a theme park. you know, I hosted the Fear Factor live show at Universal way off A little bit. No way. Yeah. That's hilarious. And it was not anything close to your show, but it was like, you know, but I'd have, you'd have to make people think like, you know, the first stunt was like, these guys are gonna be hanging onto these, you know, by candle bars, 30 feet in the air and there's a platform below 'em. And when the platform drops out, you hear the sound effect. They gotta hang on and, but they're attached to a buggy bungee cord. So there's no real danger involved. I mean, and then it was the only real thing that was kind of close to the show was the eating of stuff. It was like, we have this picture of like sour milk and, you know, beaver clits and just all this, it was just crazy shit.


And one guy project all vomit on me. And I said, what the fuck? Into the mic in front of 1500 kids. And. I got suspended for a week. Oh. Because I cursed in front of kids. but I was Well you threw up in your mouth. Yeah. Dude. What do you want? Yeah. Perfection. You got a Fear Factor show, dude. Ridiculous. Yeah, it Was wild. That's hilarious though, that you hosted that. It was Nuts, dude. I mean it was very I mean, dude. The show was I mean and Ludicrous. Yeah. Yeah. Dude, it's Mary. Fuck Kill that. Is that, did you ever go to Universal when you were there with the kids? Every, yeah, sure. Yeah. I probably saw you. I was Wolverine there for three years. I did. you know what we used to love at Universal? The, the zombie place. Oh my God. It was awesome. The Fucking, what am I thinking? Walking Dead. The Walking Dead Thing.


Oh yeah. The maze that they would've, Yeah. That's fun. It's incredible. That's fun. Yeah. That's pretty scary. We had, during Halloween horror nights before they put a, a clamp down on it, but I dressed up as Scarface Zombie. So it was Pacino zombie. So hoo. And just chasing people around. Scaring 'em. Yeah. And oh Shit, dude. Good. Cool. Is that you as Wolverine? That's me, dude. For about four years. That's hilarious. Yeah. The whole, it Scared The shit outta people. Universal has a great water world thing too. Like Water in Water World. The movie. It was not that good. No, but Waterworld the like show the show's the best part. Universal. It's fucking great. Oh yeah, dude. It's better than the actual water world, right? Yeah. Isn't it crazy that They costner's like, can I be in This? They Bank Ton a movie that turned out to be a tremendous Flop. That's insane.


They and they put together a theme show Yeah. For a movie That was a tremendous flop. Yeah. But the theme show is so good. Yeah. That people still come to see it. Oh yeah. How about a movie that no one cares about? Bro, it's wild. They, they spent so Much money on water work. Millions of dollars. Maybe billions. One Of those things where I just, It sounded like Yeah. Just didn't work out. Just didn't Work. The pitch sound must have been like, so just take, it's like less of the Mohicans on water. Ooh. I like it. And the guy from Field of Dreams and Tin Cup. I, I like it. Jet skis. You a jet ski. Yeah. Dude. There were days when you'd see people, dude, some of my universal days where I'd see a guy dressed as SpongeBob I mean, I, I was a 1940s cop was the best job I had there.


'cause I wasn't from anything. I'd improvise as Wolverine and make and do bits. And my boss was like, Wolverine's not funny. Stop doing fucking standup. 'cause I'm doing open mics at this time. Oh. So my 1940s cop walking around can make fun of people, do whatever. And at one point I picked up a squirt gun that was on a kiosk. It was like 120 out. And I'm just shooting people with it and doing all these bits. And Japanese tourists would walk by And, I'd shoot this one guy in the back, and then all these people were watching me. And I'd be like, act like I didn't know what was happening. And my boss pulls me over and she goes, what are you doing? This is 1940s New York. This part of the park. There's a, a New York people outta the window. There's a cabbie you're supposed to be making. People think this is 1940s New York. And I. Go. Jenna. With all due respect, a trolley just drove by with five. Oh, curious George and SpongeBob Squarepants blasting the song.


Ooh. E Ooh Ching chang. Walla Walla. Bing bang. And I was like, I'm not a hi, a history buff, but I'm pretty sure that song wasn't also a part of the forties. And she's like, it's your job to make people think that this is 1940s New York. And I was like, fuck, I gotta get outta here. Jesus. Yeah. Wild. It's your job to make people retarded. Does that mean And I Was like, people are walking out thinking that And I didn't make them think that this is then they shouldn't be in the park in the first place. That's ridiculous. Wild. That's funny. That's like people that go to those fairs, those renaissance fairs. Renaissance fairs. And then some people like break character and then the other people like try to talk to them in character. Oh yeah. You ever see that happen? Oh yeah. Oh, it's hilarious. Oh Yeah. I broke character all the time. Dude, John, Dave Matthews came in one time with his family. I'm in full 1940s cop.


He's like, is there way I can get a beer? And I was like, yeah, come with me. Come. There's one Irish pub down here. I'll take you to it. And I just seen him the night before. I go, dude, you guys fucking crush it last night. And he goes, oh shit. He goes, can you break character? I go, dude, don don't wanna be here. Fuck yeah. Ah. And then I went and he, he offered to get me a shot of this bar. And I was like, dude, You ruined the experience for him. Yeah. You ruined it for Dave Matthews. He was like, he's breaking character. This is bullshit. He never, I wanted to get the cop thing. I, I paid for the cop thing. I paid for the cop thing. This is bullshit. Yeah. Dude, Dave Matthews. That's funny. Cool as fuck that, that whole universal rides thing is the, the best thing is the Harry Potter thing. A thousand percent. That fucking roller rollercoaster with the dragons. Oh yeah, dude. Oh my God. It's it incredible.


You don't good Six most. No. Yeah. No. I'm lucky don don't have the motion sickness thing. Yeah. The motion sickness thing's a weird one. You can't read in a car. You can't, you know, it's What a, yeah. You just, Dramamine is your fucking cocaine. You can throw up from reading in a car. Oh yeah. It's just real weird. Your brain gets so confused. Like, why am I looking at something that's stationary when I know my body's in motion? I know. Doesn't make sense. Your body does not like it. Yeah. At all. And your body's like, you must be sick. You have to tell it. I'm not sick, bitch. I'm looking at my phone. I know. you know. Yeah. I tried to read a book once in a car and I was fighting off the nausea. I was like, don't be a pussy. And then I, I was like, oh my God, you can't fight it anymore. It was Like RR just happened.


Yeah. No I did. I held it in. Oh, you did. but I was like, you know, where it like comes up into your throat. Oh yeah. Then you have to swallow it back down. Oh God. And it burns your throat. you know those feelings. That was right there. I had a Kid have to do that in science class. He had chew eighth grade and the teacher found him. Mr. Moore cut Joe Anit, RIP. And he had a big thing of chew in his mouth. And Mr. Moore goes, Mr. Anit, he was a little, he looked like David Ome huge beard. You couldn't see his eyes. Barely. His beard came up to here big fucking, you know, fro. And he goes, Mr. Anit, I see that Chew in your mouth. And he was like, I don know what you're talking about. He goes Swallow. Made him swallow it. Dude puked right after. That's crazy. Wish that story was better. I would be mad at that teacher.


You can't make my kid swallow chew. You fucking idiot. Just in fucking 1995. Dude, that's really bad For you. Really bad for you. Mr. Morgan. Don't give a fuck Poison Mr. Morgan piece of shit. How about you shave your stupid fucking face too. Cock sucker. You Could tell this guy I mean he was a tiny little like science guy that you could tell like, don don't know. He didn't give a fuck. He was gonna, Well, they don't like kids fucking around. Yeah. I get it. But kids are gonna fuck around. Yeah. And you gotta be a little bit more even keeled. Yeah. Can't make kids swallow tobacco. You fucking idiot. It's pretty Wild now that I'm saying it out loud. It's crazy. Well, when I was in school, they used to paddle you when I lived in Florida. Get the fuck outta here. Yeah. Yeah. You get in a fight, they paddle you and they whack you in the ass with a, a piece of wood In front of people.


No, no. It was just the principal. The principal would paddle you. Jesus. That wasn't like a weird fetish. It was just like, this is, No, it's punishment. You did something wrong. You got whacked. I got whacked. Did you get whacked? No, not really. As a kid. Yeah. Not much. Yeah. Nothing like where I got hurt. Yeah. You know, just like a little top in Head. Yeah, of course. Nothing Serious. Little spoon to the Back. Nothing. A little slap. My sister threw a high heel shoe at my back once during a fight. Oh My God. Yeah. That fucking hit me right in the back. I went down. It's a Piece of wood. Yeah. It's goddamn deadly weapon. Yeah. Then she locked me in the garage. Then I got out. Jesus locked her in the garage. Jesus. And then she made fun of me for being a fat kid and having bigger tits than our mom. Oh my God. And she was adopted. So I go, you mean my mom and fucking dude Mic drop.


But also, yeah, that one. That one. Oh yeah. That was fucking, I said bone Natalie. I'm so sorry. Even to this day. Yeah. That was Wild. That's to the bone. Yeah. She's crushing it now. Yikes. Isn't that deep? That's a fucking dude. 10 years old. Yeah. That's Not even like, kids aren't fucking mean. 'cause they don't understand what it's gonna do to someone. That's why bullies in school are so dangerous. 'cause you could ruin someone's life for no fucking reason other than you can. Yeah. you know, you see kids ganging up on kids as fucked and for no reason. Oh yeah. They do other than you can, you're gonna ruin that kid's experience. Oh yeah. For the rest of their life. Because some kids, they get bullied in high school and they never recover 1000. They become like recuses. They hide. They always associate people with pain. Yeah.


And it becomes a real problem then. Oh yeah. Becomes a real fucking problem. Yeah. The kids that would tease me for weight stuff, like, I try, you know, as I got a little older, I try to give benefit of the doubt and be like, oh, they didn't know any better. They're just fucking kids. But like, and thank God I found a way to maybe, you know, get around it. But like full Kids can be so mean. They can be mean. They don't even know They do it. They don't even know Man. They're just doing it because they're, they're exper. Louis CK had a whole bit about it. I forget how it went, but it was essentially about his Well, he's dead on. Right. It's like they know that they can do this thing. Yeah. So They do it and it's just like a, it's like throwing a rock in a window. Right. It's like they they can. Right. So They do it and young kids don't think about consequences. No. They're little animals. Yeah. They're not fully developed yet.


Yeah, I know. And so they're mean. But the problem is when they're mean to, like, if you're mean to a 14-year-old that's just coming in, in ninth grade, you might fuck them up forever. Yeah. Dude. Forever. Yeah. Especially if you're like 16 or 17. You're a big older bully and you're picking on some 14-year-old kid. Like, whoa. Yeah, I know so many people that just got destroyed from their experience in high school. Mm. Just destroy their confidence. Alter it didn't Recover Well. It alters the course of your life. Oh wow. Yeah. You're always thinking you're a loser. So it kills your confidence to try anything. Yeah. Kills your confidence to meet people. Yeah. Kill, you know, you're afraid of interactions. Devastating. You're always hard Harding back to that. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, that's why parents, you know, old school parents will tell you and some boy bullies you.


You go back to school and you punch that kid right in the fucking face. Like imagine sending your kid to school and telling them that. Oh yeah. Like go punch that bully in the face. Like, what the fuck? You know, my mom used to tell me, she's like, tell me, or call, go tell the teacher or call me And. I'll call the parents. I'm like, that's the fucking last thing I wanna do. Yeah. At least I'm like savvy enough to like not, You're not gonna be there all the time. Yeah. So I'm gonna have to go to school and I'm gonna have to deal with this guy. This is don't you don't inter if you intervene, you're not gonna intervene every day. Yeah. So what's gonna happen? He's just gonna remember that you intervened. Next time he sees me. No, he's gonna put me in a locker. you know it's gonna be a real problem. I ran for vice president in the fourth, fifth grade and my mom helped me write my speech. He just reminded me of this And I Go big kid again. And I was running on the platform of, if you vote for me, I'll have, we'll have ice cream every day.


My mom helped me write this And I was like, I think I'm okay. And then she was like, put this. And she goes, say if you vote for me, you'll have ice cream every, I promise we'll have ice cream at LFP every day. Not Joe. I did that in front of the whole school. Oh No. Crickets. One teacher in the back. Oh shit. Your mom told you say that? Yeah. Oh mom. Terrible idea. Is that fucking Roll the, the D. Then I was like, yo, don't listen to your mom. Don't do That. Also, come on. Kind of applaud the confidence to fucking try I mean, you know, open mic night in front of the School. Sure. Yeah. Basically. But Dude, it's also when Knott was still kind of in. So you think that was like the first joke you ever cracked publicly? It might've been. Probably has to be. It probably has to be Right. I mean, probably. Yeah. When did you ever address a group of people?


No, never. Never. Never. Right. So first time ever in front of the whole school. First bad joke, Crickets. Right Outta the bat. Maybe a couple kids that were like, dude, this guy's fucking onto something. you know? Well, some kids just like it when there's a little bit of chaos. Like Yeah. Oh yeah. Say something stupid. Yeah. you know, just gimme something to think about. Oh yeah. Other than my miserable existence, dude. Yeah, Yeah. Which is a lot of people. That's, that's a lot of online activity. Like people just looking for someone to fail. So they go like, yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. They just Love it. I don't read the, the comments right now. I'm trying not to right Now. Yeah. When did you start doing that? Maybe a couple years ago. Oh, Good for you. I was just, I was reading both and then it was just like, I, I'd love to live in like the Present.


Yeah. Yeah. I know how I think it, it felt good in the moment. Why would I wanna take away anything from that? I don't Know. It's an unnatural way of human beings interacting with each other. It's not good for you. Sometimes I look at stuff just to go like, oh, did they, like when Shane And I did the Trump Biden thing, I was like, I wanna see if people are digging it. You read a few nice things and then it's like, you just have to have self-discipline to go. but I, you know? But Listen, you know, it's good. you know? That's good. It killed, you know, you guys, when it was you guys doing Biden and Trump and going back and forth to each other, it was magic. It was hilarious. Thanks man. Just gotta like it. Know what it is. What a wild thing to, to have as far as like, SNL does these political things. They're like, what, eight to 12 minutes? Well, they can't, like two hours of it.


Like that's a wild, Can't even come close. They can't even come close. First of all, it's not possible for them to come close. Right. They can't come close on the subject matter. And they don't have Shane, Shane is the greatest Trump that's ever existed. I Will put my, yeah, dude, put my name on That. Shane be writing for Trump. She'll be writing for Trump. Like if Trump was smart, he would, he would hire Shane and Tony Hinchcliffe to write for, to go on the road. And because Shane could show him how to do it. I don, this is how, this is how you say the joke he would Say, so when he came out and was doing the dance and the low clapping, oh my god. I don know if you saw this too, the way he was drinking his bud lights with too little Fully in character. Fully in Character. Yeah. If I mean for real, he could show Trump how to deliver the lines. Dude, when we were, the first time we did it, 'cause Shane And I only maybe seen each other and, and chatted about 10 times at clubs prior to that first time.


So this is really, this is another thing I love about comedy. It's like we got to really kick it like this past weekend a lot and chum it up and like, just get to know each other more. Because we were thrust into this thing kind of together, you know? And during the, the first time with the mothership, I lean over in character And. I go, I go, Hey Shane, you realize this is the most most we've ever talked to each other. And then character goes, Joe, shut the fuck up. And. I Started fucking biting my lip. So funny dude. Yeah. It's a, it's a fun time for comedy. Yeah. And a fun time for politics if you're a comedian. Yeah. For the rest of the world. It's like, woo. Yeah. I said that when Joe Biden was, was operating the country, it felt to me like how I feel when my Tesla is on autopilot.


Hmm. I'm like, yikes, does this really work? Oh yeah. you know, it's like Jesus. Oh yeah. What's happening there? And now it's seeing you as Joe Biden. You're way more coherent than the actual Joe Biden. Yeah. Yeah. Which is so nuts. Some zingers. Yeah. You have Some zingers. You can actually, Lot's of balance. You have to find like, I can't just be, people were like, dude, just mumble and stumble and you'll be fine. I'm like, I'm still there to be funny. You fucking, yeah. Like I have to, you know. But you figured out how to do it in character too, which is fun. 'cause you, you have that thing where you can do the bumbling and it's actually funny. Mm. Like you on purpose bumbling. Right. you know? Yeah. Like he just, 'cause sometimes he just bails. Yeah. He just bails on what he's saying. Totally. And he just, you know, we gotta, we beat Medicaid.


He just fucking, oh, that's why I said on the first I go, we beat Medicaid Megatron. We took down the Transformers. Yeah. He Just, and even when I got there with the tell, I go, we got David down. Dave Chappelle, we got Ade up here. Come on. How long did you do the character before you did it on Kill Tony? Did you fuck around with it? Or just Oh No, just, I'd done a couple like voices in my act talking about the debate. Maybe, you know, some, oh. So that's the first time doing it. I've done Phil Crazy, Jeremiah Watkins, And I did a bunch of, during Covid, like lost Phil episodes. And that's kind of how I started to find whatever my version of it was that. But this was just a first. Have You met him? Who? Dr. Phil? No. Not yet. That's hilarious. Yeah. but I think he's gonna come on my show at the store in, How are you gonna feel when you meet him?


Probably start jerking off. You're gonna handle it better than you handle Jim Carrey. Oh God fuck. I think so. I hope so. Yeah. I hope so. For your sake. I hope so. I think it'll be awesome. What, what's happen? Hope. Does he get Tense? Yeah. What if he's, what if he just is that, honestly when they were playing the, I Need to be in charge of what you're allowed to say. Because you might be saying things, you know, he might get to, I thought he was gonna come out at Madison Square Garden when they played that video montage. When they put me in the kil Tony Hall of Fame. I thought he was gonna come out behind me. Ha. And I. Don't know. Fucking like stab me in the back and go, that would've funny. We won't be right back. That would've been funny. Just take me down. Yeah. He's, I Think, I think he'll be, I want him to come out on my show at the comedy store. And when they announce Dr. Phil, he comes out instead.


And then everybody goes nuts. And then I come out, we shake hands and chat for about 2030. Well kill Tony's so big now. I could see him coming out, especially now because Oh yeah, he's got that Network. He's got a network in a Book. Yeah. He's got some stuff to sell. Dude, I plug his book on every episode of the show. People buy books now Joe. And bring him to my club dates and have me sign and do a thing. Tiffany Hadis was on one of the shows and And, I go, TIFF, this guy's got a question for you. And he's like, Tiffany, I'm, I can't stop. I stopped drinking. but I can't stop jerking off. And she goes, you gotta stop jerking off. She goes, you gonna gonna go blind? You jerk off too much. You're gonna go blind. I go, actually talk about that in my book. We've got issues. I go Chapter 25, if you come too much, you're gonna lose your ability to see the world. So I'm like finding ways to like plug the book and now I'm sure, Sure.


That'll keep them happy. That'll definitely sell. I think That's kind of not a bad move. Right. It's A very good move. Yeah. Yeah. Solid move. Good. Move on your part. And It's fun. It's a fun bit. And it's like people now like don don't know. No, it's definitely fun. Yeah. But what would happen if you said, stop doing it. Stop doing it. And it was fun. It was a fun run. I would keep throwing it. Okay. You hit it here first I think. Right. Have To go to court for This One. Don. Don't I mean on bro. Let it go. It's I mean. There's no I. mean it's parody and it's always Right. So I don't think there's a real, it would have to I mean there's, it'd be a cease and desist of some sort. Right. Well, Parody is an interesting thing, right. Because people are really worried about parody now with ai. 'cause there's a lot of parody now with ai. Oh yeah. And people are think like, there was this one Kamala Harris thing that was going around where it wasn't, she never said any of these things.


There's the original speech that she gives and there's this like ridiculous version of like the worst thing that a person like the dumbest Oh God. And yeah. And it's ai, it's, and it's like, yeah. That's one of the weird ones. That's a weird one. Because if you could do that, then you could have people saying all kinds of things. Like if, if that's okay to take like a famous person who's like the vice president of the United States and have her say a bunch of shit that she didn't really say because it's parody. Like you can kind of get a little slippery with that. Like you can get like subtle parody. Yeah. Where it's like you barely know that she's not saying those things. Oh yeah. And then it becomes like, people believe it's real.


It's pretty obvious though, right? The videos of these Not always, man. They're getting good. They're getting really good. They're getting really good. They're getting close enough that they could trick a lot of people. And I think the best version of it now is pretty fucking tight. Man. The vocal stuff is pretty wild. It's all wild. Yeah. They can take your voice and have you say almost anything. And if They do a good job with it and manipulate it and tweak it like the intonations God, they get, it's like so goddamn Close. Oh yeah, dude. Scary. There's Still a little part of you that listens to it and goes, this seems a little fake. Yeah. But I always wonder if like, if I didn't know that it definitely wasn't real. I wonder if I would, it would feel fake to me. Yeah. you Know? Yeah.


I don know. I feel like, yeah, don don't know. They said we're gonna have flying cars about now and it's not happening. So maybe AI won't be as scary as They do have flying cars. Yeah. But like a part of society and Yeah. They're not common, but they would help in the hurricane place. Yeah. As long as you don't catch them winds. I remember when Dallas had Uber helicopters for about two months. Bro. Could you imagine if Florida had flying cars and hurricanes in the middle of the hurricanes? you know, there'd be a bunch of those same kind of dudes that shoot out their window at people and road rage. They would be flying Oh yeah. In winds that they shouldn't be flying in. Yeah. And crashing into the whole highway in a burst of flames and killing everybody. And it would be on YouTube reels the next day. Florida Is the Guinea pig of states for all the stuff that's, well It's a state that was essentially founded.


Okay. There's two findings, right? There's original, the Spaniards landed in Florida first. The first city was in Florida, in this country. Right. So you have like the colonizers, the first original colonizers land in Florida. Then you know all the fucking prisoners that Castro releases. He gets 'em out and puts 'em on fucking boats and sends 'em to Miami. And then you have the crazy cocaine days in the 1980s. And then you have an economy that has, there was more, at least at one point in time, find out if this is true still. There's more banks per capita in Miami. Yeah. Like for a city than anywhere else in the country. Wow. 'cause it was all money laundering. People were just like, they were moving money around with cocaine and people were making millions of dollars and putting it in trash bags and and digging holes in their backyard.


You ever see cocaine cowboys? No Fucking incredible, fucking incredible documentary. And it's all, there's two about everything you're talking about too. Yes. It's all about cocaine. In Miami, at one point in time, one graduating class, the Miami Police Academy, every single one of them either went to jail for corruption or was murdered. Oh my God. The entire class. It was just cocaine. Everyone was outta their fucking mind. Everybody was on it minds. They're all on it. And they're all committing crimes on it. Oh my God. And they're all making millions of dollars and they're all going to nightclubs at Scarface. It, Scarface was based on that. Oh my god. Brian de Palmer Scarface written by was Oliver Stone. Right. Didn't Oliver Stone write it?


It sounds right. It is right. For long. How long was this time? A couple years or what? Like A decade. Holy shit. More, maybe more than a decade. Holy shit. Maybe 20 years. I had a buddy who was an ophthalmologist who did his residency at University of Miami during the cocaine days. He said, dude, it was nuts. It was nuts. Gunshot wounds, stab wounds. People with things up their asses. Like they, so many people got brought into the emergency room with things they stuffed up their ass while they were coked up. What The, I didn't know that was a side effect. Army Soldiers. I thought it was like stories of no ending Toy soldiers. No, no, no. Like light bulbs. The ones that are shaped like pine cones, stuffed light bulbs up their asses.


Like people are doing all kinds of wild shit and being brought into the emergency room. I thought Coke was just supposed to like you. You take the party up a notch and you know there's more fun. Well it depends on where you're starting from. Like, hey man, in some places, Some A bulb up the ass was how. Yeah. Yeah. Like those fucking swingers in Tampa are already on the 29th floor. It's not much of an elevator to get temp to the roof. you know, these fucking people are out of their minds. Yeah. And the whole town was Wow. Like founded by cocaine. Wow. And it still has that field, this party feel to that city still. Yeah, it does. I'm sure cocaine's still an issue there. But I mean it's not the whole thing now like it was, but it's like that's a frivolous area.


I always say, if you wanna starve to death, open a bookstore in Miami. Simon. No one's got, Hey, nobody. you know, you Reading there patience. Yeah. You're reading. Yeah. The fuck up. We're out here stunting Pot doesn't pot hasn't had a a a similar type don Don't know effect on the town. Yeah. Not really. Right. Maybe pot in LSD was San Francisco in the seventies, the sixties. But like, not really, You know? But people weren't putting stuff up their butts and whatever. No. Well that's what Reefer madness stuff, that's the opposite of what you would do if you're high. You would not take, you'd take that toy soldier and you go, if I put this in my ass. What if I get stuck? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You start freaking out. Why do I have to go to the hospital? It's stuck in my ass. I'm not doing it. Whatever. You're on Coke. You're like, get up there soldier.


Do your fucking, where there's a will, there's a way. Oh, you a deserter. What did you sign up for? To protect your piece of shit? Your coked up outta your mind. I didn't wanna, Joey Diaz's death stars the last time I hit his pod when he was in la. Yeah. He would do that. Do You? That might be the highest I've ever been In. Uncomfortable. Very dangerous, bad for people's psyche. I was good for about 20 minutes and then don't remember what happened after that. Yeah. He takes people and he throws 'em into the darkest pits of their soul. Thank God he just talked like I was so I got quiet. Remember looked over at Lee at one point. And I was just like, don don't know if I can say Anything else. Lee's probably asleep. Yeah, he was. Lee was probably asleep standing up. Joe would finish the story and go and then, and we would go here and then lemme tell you something man.


This one time we were in fucking And. I was like, when he got real low like that, I was like, okay, I think, I think this. I got another 10 minutes to be quiet because he had another story. And then it was try catch your brain. Totally catch. Wow. Dude. What a great way to put it. Yeah. Catch It. Where is it? Where's my fucking brain? Get over here. you know how to think. Yeah. God, he was Sit down. Sit, sit down. I've never been so paranoid. Breathe down. Just breathe down. The amount of times I told myself to breathe was terrifying. The Old days of the church of what's happening now. Yeah. Is all just Joey doing edibles. Yeah. Insane amounts of edibles. Yeah. And just being obliterated. Yeah. Where Lisa, I like, there's so many episodes where his eyes are closed and he's just rocking back and forth. He's hallucinating, he's watching like he's hallucinating.


Neon cartoons. Fuck behind his eyelids. I remember he gave him another Death Star when he was like, he was like, eat another one. Lee And I would go. And he was like, he had woke up to eat it and then he I mean it was, yeah. It was wild. but I, it was like, you know, I wanted to be, I wanted to participate. Oh yeah. You have to. How do you not, you don't have to. Yeah. If you're doing Joey's show, yeah. You have to be on the same wavelength. Otherwise it'd be rude. But I was totally, eventually Being a sober person listening to that conversation. Like, what are you saying? Look at Lee. Look at Lee. Look at Lee. Yeah. Dude. Lee's in another dimension Right now. Oh God. That would, he's Literally in another dimension. Oh, look at He's gone. He's gone. Eyes in the back. Your head. He's, He's passed Over. Always smiling.


So he was on some sort of a journey. But listen, He's on the church. What's happening now with Joey Diaz having a great time, bro. I know. Which is when you wanna be like that fucked up on edibles. Yeah. You're around nice people having a wonderful time by The way, another stamp in the comedy zeitgeist or the history books of like, I'm, I feel very fortunate to have been in a time where I got to be around that and then be on, you know what I'm saying? Like be I mean, obviously you guys have been homies forever, but like Yeah. That's like, you know, that was a staple in time For comedy. Well also, it doesn't exist anymore. Like people forgot. I keep trying to tell him to bring back to church And. I'm trying to get him and lead together again to do Oh cool. And I. Think they're talking about it. And Lee was out here when he was out here. And, I. God damn. Those two together were so fun.


Yeah. It just Joey really Joey like that was so funny. Yeah, he's, he's so it is just so Joey Diaz. Yeah. And if you know him, you love him. Like the when on the July 4th one when he like screaming You're a fucking American. He's like in the background. Oh yeah. Did the Joey Diaz State of the Union. Yeah. It's incredible. Those are also some of the wildest nights at the store that I will never forget in the or I've seeing a lineup that's just, you know, Tom Bill, you Joey, like you bring up Joey or Joey bringing up you is a half hour that I don't think I'll ever forget. Dude. That's so wild. And I know you, you get that now with the mothership of, of what you guys are doing here and what you've created.


But man, like seeing it for the first time of it, of me seeing it is, is what I'm, I guess getting at. Yeah. Of, of being and, and getting to a point to where it was like open mics at the store. Then I did phones for a few years and then being a regular, then just being around and being around enough to be comfortable to stick around and sit in a bucket seat and watch that transition happen was wild. Dude. The, the fucking, the pops and the roars and then you, you sitting down and watching him was so fucking cool. you know? Yeah. don don't know. That's, that's other stuff that you, that is not, you have to just be around to see that. Like, that was cool. It Was, it was a different time too. It was like, you could do that then and you could hang out in the back and you didn't get bothered and you could, you know, the store was, that was an interesting time in the store 'cause it was like, it was so heavy.


There was so many killers. There was so many people there. It was just, it was such a magnet for crazy people too. So there's this energy in that place that was so different. Yeah. you know, that's also because it's like Sea Rose's nightclub. Right. And people were killed there, you know. Oh really? Bugsy Seagull. You don't know those story? No. Oh my god. Bugsy Siegel owned it. I just knew it was a nightclub. That's about as far as we dude A mob run nightclub. Holy shit. Yeah, of course It was. I'm sure you've talked to people that have seen Ghost there, right? Oh yeah. Yeah. Well, how many other places where people have seen ghosts? I know that's like the most ghosties of ghost places in la. Yeah. When you talk to like those fucking ghost freaks. Oh really? They Really, yeah man. It's like there's a bunch of stories about the, the comedy store being haunted.


Yeah. Like I know, believe it. Multiple people that have seen ghosts there. Carla Bow used to have a crazy story about sleeping on the stage and like something grabbed his leg and dragged him to the end of the stage. What? And then he heard a bunch of chairs clink and the door slammed and there was no one in the room. He was asleep on the stage. He got kicked out of his apartment. He's had a fight with his girlfriend. Fuck you. I'm gonna make it. you know that kinda shit. Yeah. He's young and he was working as a doorman for the store. So he had a key, he goes in and he says, I'm gonna sleep on the stage 'cause I'm gonna fucking make it in comedy. And then he's on stage and he hears a noise, like a chair's clinking. He's like, hello. Hey, it's me, Carl. I'm here. I got kicked outta my place.


So I'm just sleeping on the stage. Hey, who's there? And he hears like a sound again. He doesn't see anything. And then all of a sudden a hand grabs his leg and drags him like six feet and then lets go. My God. Dude. That's fucking terrifying. Yeah. I mean maybe he lied. Yeah. But it is amazing story the way he would tell. I wanna believe. I wanna believe, I wanna believe too, I've never heard anybody get touched by a ghost, though. It might've been one of his friends. He might've been blackout drunk, one of his friends. Like hilarious. Carl's sleeping on the stage. Let's fuck with him. And they probably never told him. They probably forgot they did it because they did it. Acid and fucking a pile of coke. That sounds more Believable because He Yeah. 'cause he was a part of Kinisons crew. Right. Right. And so, like Mark Marin said that when he, he partied with Kinison so hard that he had voices in his head for a year.


A year after he got back. I feel he left, went to Boston Long after he was hanging out in Los Angeles and he had voices in his head for like a year. Saying what? Don don't know. Not good things. I'm sure they never good voices start A podcast in your garage. But that took years to, to happen. This is like the nineties. you know, This is like, not even, this is the eighties. That's fucking wild. Right. This is like, when I met 'em it was 88. So This is like, so these Are leftover residual voices from, They did so many the drug abuse drugs. They did so much Coke that he like had voices in his head. Where's that co? I guess I just, the Coke. Like what? It's Like a probably a breakdown of the natural neurochemistry brain.


You fucking With your brain Somewhat. Yeah. 100%. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. You're robbing your brain of its ability to produce dopamine. Like you destroy all your serotonin levels. Oh man, you fuck with everything when you go that hard with coke and then you have to get off. Like those guys get Wrecked. Wow. I've met people that are getting off Coke and they are Wrecked. Like just, it's just empty and they're so drained. Oh fuck. And it's just like, it just fucked. Can't put dogs together Up and it makes you wanna do more Coke. Get back on the horse, Hear the dog. Ooh. And we're back. And we're back. Yeah. I'd see it and I'm like, oh my god. That's a demon. That's a demon in powdered form.


It's not around as much anymore in the club, don. Don't think. Of course. It's Oh really? Yeah. It's around all over the place. The problem is now it's got fentanyl in it. Yeah. Yeah. Fuck that. and that gonna kill you. Fuck that dude. And people are Still doing it. That's how nutty Coke is. They're gonna roll the dice. Isn't That crazy? you Know, is not from the cartel. That's fucking wild. I don't even take, people are bringing me weed now all the time, which I appreciate. but I I mean. Well They found weed with fentanyl In it. Yeah, I know. And it's also like crazy. Did one kid that had a bag, it was, it was a Roy Comedy castle in Royal Oak. And I walked into the bathroom and he pulls out this little bag and he goes, bro brought you something. And it's just a bag of shake And, I go. I go, oh man, thanks bro. I'm just trying to be polite. I go, thanks man. He goes, there's more where that came from. I go, can I be honest? This looks like it just fell outta your pocket. He is like, yeah, but I mean, but I brought you the bag.


And. I was like the gesture sweep, but like, I just feel like this is not the move. Like maybe if it was a nice joint, maybe in a tube and stuff. He's like, okay, you're a Hollywood guy. Huh? I'm like, that has nothing to do with it. It's just, it's a bag that was stuffed in your cargo pants Of Shake. Yeah. Of shake. Yeah. you know, or joints that are a little fentanyl. Yeah, totally. You can't roll the dice on that. Yeah, you can't today. you know, there's places that are trying to outlaw fentanyl tests, which is insane. Who's doing that? That's where is that happening? Is that a Texas thing? Where's that happening? Where they're outlawing The fentanyl tests and the, I think the concern is that it would encourage people to do drugs or sell drugs. and that maybe the thing that's gonna discourage them is the fact that people are dying from it.


Which is an insane way to think, Jesus, let's, let's just prevent people from dying. Yeah. First, I guess the fear is that it would make people feel like it's safe to do Coke again. Center for Disease Control and prevention. And most public health agencies endorse distributing fentanyl test strips to people who use drugs. The practice is illegal in 42 states and the District of Columbia. Wow. Oh my God. That feels like way too many places. That's insane. I thought it was like a state. I thought it was like a Florida thing. Idaho, Indiana, Iowa, North Dakota and Texas. They're now allowed in every state except Idaho, Indiana, Iowa, North Dakota, and Texas.


That's nuts. Texas. And That's an easy way to save lives. It Jesus Christ. That's insane. Bummer. Why does Texas have it illegal? Why are fentanyl strips illegal in Texas? Texas one of the few states where fentanyl strips are still illegal and considered drug paraphernalia. One argument that has been made against the test strips and other harm reduction practices is that they may encourage people to do drugs or continue doing drugs. So let's just kill them. Let's just kill them. Let's, let's let your kids die because they made a mistake. 'cause they're 16 and someone gave them some coke and they wanted to be a cool kid. That's insane. That's insane. Yeah. We don't wanna encourage kids to do drugs. Correct. And you know, way, the way to do that is to have positive role models who aren't doing coke.


Yeah. That's, that's the best way to do it. Yeah. It's the best way is, you know, your favorite country music singer doesn't do coke. you know, like maybe that maybe your favorite athlete doesn't do coke. And he tells you, listen don, don't do coke. You shouldn't do coke. It's fucking scary. What the fuck dude? Yeah. What The fuck that is? It's crazy. Wild. Crazy. You would've a test strip and make it illegal. You could save lives. That's the only way you should look at that. You're gonna save lives. They're already doing something illegal. you know, you're not encouraging or discouraging. If it was not killing people, probably the same exact amount of people would be doing coke. I can't believe that. We got rid of, what was it? Jamie's sun bubble. What was the place that you put up? The hot tub? The, the, the come tub place.


We got rid of those. But we can't get fentanyl strips approved. Crazy. Well also the, the real elephant in the room is why is it a prop? Why are these drugs tainted? And it's because they're illegal. Yeah. That's the problem. And the problem is we don't want make them legal 'cause we don't want to encourage drug use. Right. I get that too. Yeah. But the thing is, People are gonna find, the Only way you're gonna make it safer for human beings to do these stupid things and live is if you make it legal. Yeah. It shouldn't be legal in terms of like I mean, it should be, it certainly it should be legal, but it shouldn't be something that someone can profit off of. Right. It shouldn't be something that someone can sell to people.


Maybe the best way to do it would be to make drugs free and legal. Sure. Like if you wanna, like if you, I catch you selling Coke, you death penalty. But if you want to give away Coke, if you wanna make Coke and give it away, it's totally legal. If you wanna make your own cocaine or a pharmaceutical drug company makes cocaine, they can sell that cocaine for exactly what it costs to make it nothing more. Okay. So no one's gonna make it. Yeah. But then the drug. But well then, then you will have a supply problem and then you'll have, eh, my my idea sucks. I bailed on it. It Was adorable to watch you go through it. I bailed On it because it was like, no. 'cause then people just, they'll make it and they'll suddenly get the fentanyl problem all back over again. You gotta allow pharmaceutical drug companies to profit.


Otherwise they have no incentive to make it. Then they're gonna tell you they're gonna have fucking ads like CNN brought to you by cocaine. That's gonna be the Anderson Cooper show brought to you by crack. The Cocaine News Network. Yeah. That's what it'll be. It'll, they'll become Anderson Cooper Coke out. They'll become like pharmaceutical drug companies sponsor those shows now. Right. It'll be cocaine sponsors. I would watch a full news network that was just everyone's fucked up, Responsible use of cocaine. Just a little before you talk about the weather. Wow. I mean Talk About the weather. If you're gonna have any segment of the news, it's no fucking rain. You better got two coats on today, baby. You better get that fucking Car gassed up. 'cause you're gonna be in 56 hours of traffic. Let's Go.


It's gonna be hot. Let's go. I'm not even going Anywhere. I'm gonna ride just a motherfucker out in the basement. Oh. Meanwhile your basement gets flooded. You're like, Some of those places get flooded. I was watching the last hurricane. This whole community is underwater Did you see any of that? Jamie? There's a community in Florida and it was, it was not even in the flood zone. And they're all underwater. Their houses are underwater. Everything's underwater. No thanks. Yeah. Not good dude. Not good at all. You're living in a place where the sky becomes an angry monster and could snuff out life. Have you scuba dived? No. Fuck all that. No thanks. I know there's sharks out there. My wife is like, we don't know. I think 73% of the ocean.


She's just like, what? I think it's 90. Yeah. It's gotta be, I think it's 90. Every day there's a new fish. Yeah. Or dolphin or whale. And you're like, I just saw this video of, I think it was a swordfish coming out and like flying across the but I, whatever. Did it pop outta the water? I was like, I didn't know they could fucking jump like that. Yeah. No thanks dude. This kid was on my podcast recently. Bob Gimlin is his YouTube channel. He had a very interesting point. He said he thinks that, and this is coming from someone else who observed this, he thinks that sharks are attacking people, not even to eat them. They're attacking people. 'cause they don't want them there because they're getting in the way of the seals and all the things they eat. And that's why they're killing people. They don't want you in your, their water. And. I was like, oh my God, that makes sense.


Ooh, a thousand percent. I haven't even thought about it. What Are we doing there? I want to think of them as like these fucking thoughtless killing machines. They're just biting everything. Imagine Just walking into a stranger's house, opening the door. Just go opening their fridge. You guys mind if I make some tater tots? That's what we're doing in the ocean. There's A video of a kid in Hawaii who's on a small like paddleboard, likes fishing off a paddleboard and a fucking tiger. Shark bites the paddleboard. Have you ever seen that video? No. It's terrifying. But it is. I mean, if you wanted to think about it. Look, the kids out there fishing. Yeah. So he is stealing fish from the sharks. Sorry. Yeah. Like The shark knows that. That's not a fish. Oh God. Is this it? Watch this, dude. You watch this. This is crazy.


So he's out here fish. Look at this Bro. Tiger shark. Tiger shark ram me. No, no bit you bro. Ramed me. Yeah. They think bit him. Watch this. Oh, look at that. It bit the boat man. It bit the boat. Yeah. Dude, You're taking food out of its mouth. Exactly. And it's family's mouth. Again, you walk into a stranger's house, you take the meatloaf sandwich outta your kid's mouth. Yeah. That thing your dad's gonna punch you in the face nose For sure. That's not a fish Shark attack seems like that. Totally makes sense. Maybe the worst way to I mean die for sure. But like, it's a horrible way to die, dude. Oh man. First you can't get away and they move real fast and you can't move at all.


You're like, it's not even like a bear on the ground. You feel like you maybe can run maybe. Oh yeah. Run up a tree. Maybe. I saw this video with an alligator attack where it's like, if it bites your leg, you're supposed to roll with it and then play dead. And then you like play the playing dead thing. Always. To me, I'm like, you're not that good of an actor. Good Luck keeping it together while a thing is clamped onto Like, dude, I don't even think Pacino could fake dead in front of a gator. I think they're gonna be like, dude, it's Gonna keep you underwater until it knows. For sure. Yeah. So you have to not move. Yeah. You're not like, Are you that zen to reduce your panic around a gator attack? Nobody is. Nobody is. Nobody is. But a Yeah, but a shark dude that just feels of, and then they punch him all. All they say punch 'em. Who's got enough wherewithal or just, you know, in the moment Who's, who survived punched a shark while it was wrapped around their torso.


don don't know. Survived. Maybe Tom bur it's gonna Rip you in half, man. You're done. The bite force is insane. Yep. It's got filled with knives. Go to your happy place. you know, Imagine the last moments of your life. You're looking down at your entrails and no legs. And that's it. That's the end. Wow. This is The end. How long do you think you get to look at that before? A few seconds. You get a few seconds. What is that thing? Biting a camera. I just thought it was a cool, oh my God. Inside the shark's mouth. God, his mouth. Oh my God. It's just a killing machine. But it does make sense what he's, and now that I see that video, that's A great perspective Of the shark biting the boat. That totally makes sense. Taking his snacks. Yeah. 'cause I used to think that it was Oh, just they'll bite anything.


No, they're, they're mad that you're there. Get outta here bitch. Because they're pretty smart, right? Or I don't think so. Okay. I don't think so. Okay. Okay. Well they're ancient. Most, most of these really ancient things that haven't changed at all since the dawn of time. They're not that smart 'cause they're just about killing. Wow. Like if you think about how old sharks are, I think sharks are older than trees. Yeah. I think sharks predate trees on earth. See if that's true. I'm 99% sure it's true. I talk About that in my book. We've got issues. Sharks are older than Trees. 450 million years old. Wow. The Little Tree is 350 million years old. So there was sharks for a hundred million years before there were ever trees.


That's Fucking wild dude. Wild. That's, and they're out there in the water and you wanna scuba dive Adam Ray? No, I'm good man. Fuck is wrong with you bro. I'll, I'll go to Sun Bubble with Jamie. They're Gonna see you down there with your stupid gear and then fucking cocksucker. You're ruining my fishing. Yeah, yeah. No thank you sir. Oh God. I interested. Yeah. Okay. Not if I Glad we're on the same page with that. What's that Picture of that shark? Why? Oh my God. What kinda shark is that? Little Bandsaw in its mouth? Is that the early sharks? Helio Coon. That's what its mouth looked like. Like 240 million year old fish. Jesus Christ. You ever see the, the movie The Meg? Oh yeah. One of the dumbest movies.


It's ever been made. Yeah. It's so dumb. Like why you're watching it. Like what have you done to me dude. And even sta was just like, we gotta see what's down there. No you don't. Jason, go back to fucking the Italian job Two. Or I think Biting the window. Yeah. It crashes through the moon. Giant 50 foot shark. Oh Yeah. Whatever the fuck it was. What about open water? Was that the name of that one where it was just all, all shot found footage? Yeah. That was a good one though. That was good. 'cause it was realistic. And realistic. Yeah. The Meg is the Meg two's even Dumber. Yeah. It's even dumber than the Meg one. Yeah. But they're fun. It's fun. Dumb. you Know, those are good popcorn movies from Time to time. Yeah. Enjoyable. Yeah. you know, that's not really happening. Imagine it's like a megalodon down there.


But there could be, that's what everybody thinks, you know? Maybe That's what took the, the rich guys in the submarine that went down there. Do you think something Bing got 'em. No. Yeah. Incompetence. Yeah. Human folly. I think that gets more people to sharks. you know? That's A big one. I do like the idea that the further down, like all the way down there, there's some like where the Titanic really, where at the fucking very bottom is something that's living down there. That's just, you can't even comprehend. That's never even trying to come up. But if you go all the way down there, like they did, or you make it down for whatever. I saw Will Smith in some video where he went down right. With some people for some discovery show. Like really down there to where it was like they shouldn't be down there. Whatcha are doing? Get the fuck outta There.


I, don. Even these astronauts, they're gonna space that are, they're stuck. They're Stuck out there till February. They're stuck. Joe, why my wife? See This goes. Yes, they can get them in. Why are we still going? Like, what are we is down here not good enough? Yeah. But it's also if they can get them in February, Are you fucking serious? Yeah. What if that doesn't work? What if, what if something goes wrong with that? Something went wrong. Which is why they can't get them. Well, guess what? Things go wrong And you might not have rockets available that can do it. You might not have a shuttle available. They can get them. You might not be able to fucking, you might have like some sort of problems in your software. Who fucking knows? Man? Dude, that's so scary. Terrifying. And they have to like either be saved by another, I guess SpaceX or Make friends with the Russians of the Russians. Bring 'em home.


There you go. I bet they can get 'em. Wouldn't that be funny? That's the only slap in the face. Yeah. Dude. If Putin says, I'll do you a favor. Nice Putin. Let go get your friends. Okay. Yeah. Just food. Nice. And you've been nice with me. I've been nice with you. Wow. Look at your friends. We gave you Brittany Griner. We'll bring back your astronaut nuts. Yeah. Or give us back gr Brittany grinder. There was a sound that was recorded once by underwater microphones that was a biological sound that was louder than anything that any animal had ever made before. And they don't know what it is. do you see if you can find that? We found Out the I mean, it might not be this, but remember the other day, the Hump way humpback Whales or whatever make a fucking crazy sound.


Oh yeah. They make crazy sounds. but I don't think they, they think they took that into account. And this is different. This, they don't know what it is and they never found it again. But whatever this thing is, it sounded biological. Oh God. Like it was a biological sound. It wasn't a geological sound. It wasn't like a sound the earth makes or, you know, a little underwater earthquake. There's something about the sound that they determined it to be biological, which is like what? Yeah. Whatcha talking about? Yeah. Is there a fucking Godzilla down There? I'm just now finding out about this. Something called the bloop. Yeah, that's it. That's it. 1997. It doesn't sound very scary. What Is it? 19 what? 1997. We'll put up the, the details of it so I could read it. I'm try to is do you have an article on it? Just making sure it was right. Yeah. So whatever this sound was, they don't know what the fuck it was.


And 1997, national Oceanic, oceanic and Atmospheric administration recorded a mysterious underwater sound that lasted for one minute and was detected by hydrophones 5,000 miles apart. The sound was named the bloop and came from a location off the coast of Chile. The bloop captured people's imagination led to theories about what it could be, such as the call of a dinosaur, an undiscovered sea creature, or a giant squid. In 2005, NLAA scientist discovered that sound was actually caused by an iceberg breaking away from the Atlantic glacier. Oh shit. What the fuck, dude, I didn't even know. So they, they solved it. I was hoping it was a fucking monster.


That was the only one. There wasn't one. So that's what it was. So it was probably one of those things where they had talked about it for so long that it is stuck in my head that it was a biological thing. I still have hope. I just found an article in 2017 talking about it where they said they don't know what it was. Oh, okay. So this is someone trying to cover up for Godzilla. Oh, that's what that is? Yeah. That's some state sponsored CNN type bullshit. Wow. Where they're trying to cover up for the fact there's a goddamn A bloop. You were reading the AI overview, so maybe it made Up the answer. Oh, ai. You piece of shit. You fucking lied. That's probably what it's, you know, AI lies what? Yeah, it's a thing called hallucinations. If AI does not have an answer to something, it will come up with an answer. And then that could be searched from the web. Right. So it could be some blog somewhere where some guy made up something about it was an iceberg that caused that sound.


And AI will spit that back out. Yeah. It's a thing that AI does when it doesn't know the answer to something. Apparently they call it hallucinations. This is coming from ai. Scientists told me this. I don't want AI to have hallucinations. They don't even Know how it works, dude. Fuck. They don't even know exactly why it's doing what it's doing. They don't know. They don't know how it's being creative. What, what's it Once you see those things too about like, some of these robots, like what was the thing it was like where don don't know it had fe having them have feelings or any sort of, They're not gonna have feelings that's even scarier. They're gonna be able to think really clearly without any emotions. No remorse, no morals, no ethics. No worrying if people like them.


No. Reading the comments, they don't give a fuck. Fuck. Just hit the new button. They're fucking robots, man. Oh God. That's my fear about aliens. My fear is that that's what aliens are. That they've, they've already bypassed the, the human body and all, all of our primate systems. Oh yeah. They bypassed all that. They're all, they're all gone. That's all gone. Do you Think they listen to our podcast? Yes. A hundred percent. They're in, they're listening right now. They love it. What up guys? It's fun for them because they don't get to think stupid anymore. Yeah. you know, 'cause everything's clear. Right. It's like, you know, it's like you want a little bit of chaos and they don't have any chaos. Left I think that's why they visit us. That's why like in my special I said that I think aliens look at us the same way we look at Waffle House fights. Yeah.


Oh that's right dude. It's just like, what the fuck is going on over here? What if the aliens like love Danny DeVito? Like what if they're their favorite actor is like, They love despicable of me. Des they like Grew. Yeah. They love him. We love Groove. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe that's it. I mean who fucking knows. But if these lion ai cock suckers, do we find out about that 2017 thing? Yeah. I found another thing in 2024. It said the same thing about the iceberg. Okay. So it might be real. Might have Just been an article that they were putting in that in the headlines people would watch their video. Oh right. Probably. And what year was it with the, when they recorded that sound? It Was recorded in 97. Yeah. See anything back in those days that's, you know, like you didn't even have barely had the internet in 97.


Yeah. I don the facts together. How Do you know what you're talking about? Anything pre-Internet. I don't believe you. Yeah. Well could be a biological sound. It could be a dude just into dinosaurs. Sure. you know, but there's probably some shit down there we haven't discovered. I Think so. They always find new fish. Like there was a bunch that washed as shore during a tsunami. They were like, what the fuck is this? Was that in Thailand where there was like a gang of 'em that washed as shore in a tsunami? These undiscovered deep sea creatures. Cool. Like crazy. Like blind things. Yeah. That live in the place where there's absolutely no Light. They can pop up and show up here. don. Don't think we need to go down and try to find them. Yeah. Wait for our storm. Yeah. Wait For the storm to come through, man. Yeah. Don't go down there without, don't wash up. Look at that. Yeah dude.


That was in Oregon. Look at that fucking thing. Oh yeah. I'm going outta my way to find that fuck Off. Well that's that 'cause some kind of an angler fish. Oh my gosh. Which is one of the craziest inventions in nature. That nature invented a fish that has a fishing rod off of its nose. Yeah. Yeah. Like how does that even happen? Look at that fucking thing. Is that real? Come on. That can't be real. Oh my God. Is that real? Oh, I know this one above it is not, but I don't know what the fuck that is. See, the thing is with ai, man, they, you could think something's real and they just fuck with you. And this is in the New York Post. They might have got them 2017. Jesus. We'll go pre AI then. But wait a minute. They probably did a, a sample of that thing. What is it? Let's find out what it is.


I bet they figured it out. Look at it. Hmm. Fang Tooth Snake. It could be a fang tooth, snake eel or garden or conjure eel. All three species occur off Texas and have large fang like teeth. Look at that thing. Imagine if like we lived in the ocean. Show me the picture of that again. Imagine we lived in the ocean. You gotta deal with that. There's A more I I'm surprised. Pixar. They did finding Nemo. But like, let's, like they should do something that's like highlighting all these lost creatures. Right? Like there's gotta be an underwater lost city where you can see the Yeah. Mermaids versus monsters. Yeah, they should. Why don't They do that? Fang two Snake. Jesus. Look at that fucking thing. Yeah. Mermaids aren't real, right? I hope so. I hope they're real And. I know.


Me too. It's one of Those things where I'm like, don, don't fuck. Like who the fuck knows dude? But isn't it like the ultimate? Probably not. Its a trap. A beautiful girl and she says no vagina. Yeah. She is just fish. She's a fish. Yeah. Like fish don't have sex. What Are you supposed to do there? The part where you have sex with doesn't exist. It's all just Yeah. Fish lay their eggs. So how any guy into the ocean. You Ever seen how old fish breed the fish? The female lays their eggs and the guys just jizz all over it. Yeah. Like we used to catch rainbow trout when I lived in Boston and we'd go to this lake and catch rainbows and they would be jizzing when you pulled them out of the lake. Like, 'cause it would be the time where they're spawning and they're, they're making babies. Yeah. And you're allowed to fish for 'em. Wow. At least back then you were And you're pulling 'em out as they're jizzing Like they're, as you're holding it, they're like, they're nut all over the place trying to get their last loads out before you filet them, Wouldn't you?


If a bear's about to eat you, wouldn't you just try to fucking empty the tank? Well, I guess no one's probably ever touched them before. It's probably really exciting. There you go. It's the first time. Go around. Oh my God. Like imagine you just like blue balled All day long. You're so blue balled that you just jizz in the ocean. Yeah. On the floor. Yeah. I bet all they have to do is run a finger by you and you're like, like gust of wind. you know, like you ever seen where your, where your dog is humping a leg. Oh yeah. And the dog is just like, they start humping the air. Yeah dude. They're Committed a fish and you grab 'em Right When they're in that, that peak. Peak in the perfect spot. Peak Rutt just, just squirt all over the place. Have you ever seen a fish do that? No. Yeah. With with rainbow trout. They would do it all the time. We'd catch 'em. They'd be jizzing.


Good for them. What a life. It's a Bad death though, You know? 'cause you fail. Come in then die. You failed. Yeah, you failed. Yeah. You just all over the inside of a boat. The opposite of what you're supposed to do. Not good. Not Good. Not good. But yeah. So if that is a mermaid, like what the hell? What are you saying? Well that's why the little mermaid I mean she only, Eric was only into her because she came out of the the water and had some human features. Exactly. And Lost her voice was Like, What the fuck are you? Maybe that's why he was indoor her. He was like, dude, I've been dating all these you Son of a Bitch. These girls that just talk too much. And then he is like, wow, I met a girl that just doesn't even wanna Super hot. Can't talk. But if she does talk, you can't have sex with her because she doesn't have a vagina anymore. Yeah. Take your pic honey.


You gonna learn sign language. Wow. Alright. Adam Ray. Let's wrap this up. I appreciate it. Tell everybody my pleasure. I appreciate you too. One more time. The name of the documentary, name Of the documentary's called Doug. It's on my YouTube channel where you get all the Dr. Phil LIVE specials. Dr. Phil LIVE tour. It's all Adam Ray comedy.com. We got October 25th and Philly. October 26th in DC. What's the Beacon Theater? Go ahead, keep going. In November 15th, celebrity Theater. December 6th, San San Diego Civic Theater, December 7th, all that at Adam Ray comedy.com. My special is like and Subscribe. It's on YouTube. On my YouTube channel.com/ Adam Ray comedy. And then all my tour dates at Adam Ray comedy.com. Columbus Funnybone coming up the Buckhead Theater in Atlanta, Pittsburgh improv this weekend.


If this is out in time, hilarity in Cleveland. All at Adam Ray comedy.com Website. Yeah. Adam Ray comedy.com. Yeah. Okay. And one more time. Dr. Phil's book. Dr. We've got issues. 'cause Joey, we've got issues. We've all got issues, but we've all got solutions. Okay. You could fuck a mermaid with your eyes closed, but does that mean you're gonna make it in time for breakfast? This is what Dr. Phil's gonna use to say you can't be him anymore. He's gonna say that's enough. You finally Son of a bitch. I would never say that. What did you do to my reputation? You son of a bitch. Alright, thanks brother. Appreciate Man. Appreciate. Appreciate you. Alright, bye.