
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Nice to meet you man. You too, man. Really Good pleasure. I was, I've seen so many of your fucking movies. It's always weird when you meet someone that you've seen so many times in movies. You know. Yeah. It's like, all right, there he is. Real person. Yeah. There, there they're, that's, I didn't know you'd, do you, you released a gospel album, though. Yeah. Last, last year. That's wild. Yeah. It's called Fallen A. Gospel. Record for Sinners. How? Because I wanted the biggest possible audience I could get Gospel record, four Sinners.


Yeah. How long have you been singing gospel? Well, you know, basically I grew up at the Baptist Church, and so it's five songs that I grew up with, and it's five songs that I wrote before and during the making of the record. It's kinda like my spiritual journey, I guess. That's the way it turned out in the end. My wife, she put the order together, and that's what it seems to be kind of my journey in life. Was this something that you had thought about for a while, or did it just kind Yeah, yeah. I wrote this song called On My Way to Heaven, and I wrote it from my mom to let her know that I was okay after I got out of like, rehab and for cocaine in 1990.


And then, then I wrote The Fallen, which is kind of like taken from a, you remember that movie? Thunder Road with Robert Mitchum? you know, it's kinda like in that vein or that, that kind of feel to it. And there, there's this highway called the Devil's Backbone up near Bandera. And so it's, it's a ride with the devil, and you wind up getting left or dead on the side of the road. So this is just something that you felt like, like, fuck it, I've done everything else. Why not do a gospel album? Yeah. I've, you know, I've recorded, I've always been a songwriter. I got a guitar when I was 12 years old.


My grandfather bought me You know at Western Auto. It's a great place to buy guitars and You know, I, I realized I was never gonna shred a guitar. So I, a songwriting became like a defense. You know somebody you could bring to a band. Right. And so I've always done it. And, but I got this offer from Gaither, 'cause they heard, bill Gaither had heard this song on my way to heaven, asked me to do a gospel record. So I said, yeah. Wow. Yeah, it was a great experience. Really, really. And on my way to heaven, in fact, Tanya Tucker heard it, and she called me up out of the blue.


I hadn't seen her like in 30 years and said she wanted to do it. It, so I said, okay. And then she called me 15 minutes later and she said, Chris, Kristoff wants to do it. Whoa. And I said, wow, you know, so, and Brandy Carlisle's doing backup singing on it. And it's, and myself, and we're gonna put that out this year as a single. Wow. That's Awesome. Yeah. Chris is just the greatest. He'll Be, I love that guy. I love him On the highway, man. you know? Yeah. Come on. Yeah. No kidding. Wow. So you were telling me that you, you got to Hollywood in, in the seventies?


Yeah, I went, I went out there. I was born in Houston, You know, and grew up there, and I was in acting class, Mr. Pickett. We always bring him up 'cause he, so many people actually started working. My brother was You know his student as well. And my brother was already out there in, in California, and he had been nominated for the last detail and stuff. So I kind of realized, Hey, you can actually do this stuff. You know And get paid for it. And I went out there at 75 and, you know, just driven and got an agent after about a year.


Wow. Did you have any previous acting experience? Or is it something you Wanted Yeah. Drama in, in college. I wasn't serious about it. In high school, I was gonna be a veterinarian. That's what I wanted to be. Really? Yeah. I was a vet's assistant up in East Texas. I'd spent summers up in East Texas, You know in Jacksonville, Frankston. And I worked for a vet when, You know, 1415. And that's what I was gonna do until one day we did like a house call out to this guy's farm to castrate his horse. And the Farmer didn't want to sit out there in the field, wait for him to wake up from a full anesthetic.


So they, they only gave him half of it and cinched his, cinched his legs up like this. And that horse stood up on two legs and it was just, man, it was horrific. And that kind of, I think that's what changed my mind. Maybe you shouldn be an actor and I'll play a veterinarian, The horse. Yeah. I'm sure the horse was not enjoying that. No, that's, yeah. That's gotta be a bad fe also as a man. Like I don't wanna do that. Yeah. I don't, I didn't do that to my dog. No, I don't do that to any of my dogs. No, you can get that done for free in California if you Right. Even if you're a person. Yeah.


What the fuck? Yeah. Very different in the seventies, huh? Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. You went through like seventies in Hollywood. Must have been a weird experience, man. Oh, it was fantastic. It was, it was amazing, man, that, that, that whole era of the seventies, You know, which started with Bonnie and Clyde and, and Easy Rider. Great films, yeah. Great films during that film. but it was, the French New Wave is You know is what they called it. You know, kind of more handheld grittier. And it was the return of the, the anti-hero and the rebel hero. And 'cause Hollywood had lost touch with their audience. You know they were making movies like Toby Tyler and You know these bloated musicals.


Which, but, and so it, it became like the inmates had taken over the asylum. There was really new, exciting stuff getting done, like You know Bad Lands and the Conversation and You know, which led to The Godfather. And it's, that was, I think, the golden age of filmmaking. Well, certainly some amazing films came out of that era. Yeah. And it's just, just seeing Los Angeles today and imagining what it was like in the seventies. It had to be, because I mean really movies, if you really think about it. They were only a few decades old back then. Yeah. It was a new thing, essentially.


Yeah. You know. Yeah. They just like perfected it. I mean, really. It was only like 10 years into where all the movies were color. They, they were making Right. Black and white movies up till like 63 You know. Right. Like The Hustler was black and white. Yeah. That was 63. Yeah. Yeah. And it was an exciting time, like I said to the inmates, the take it over the asylum and There was a feeling like you could do just about anything. And music too was really happening in Los Angeles as well. I mean record deals were getting signed left and right. And it You know There was this, it, it's kind of turned upside down now 'cause of all that rebellious attitude of the seventies and everybody that it sort of became the establishment, I think.


Yeah. Bizarre. Right? Same. It's it's really kind of turned up on its ear because the way it started to kind of really turned politically correct in the nineties and it, it became kind of a, nobody stays at a party after 11 o'clock, You know, no matter where. Is that when you went into rehab? No, no. Yeah. After that, no matter where you're going, You know afterwards, you gotta to pretend you were going to bed. You know You were, oh, look at the time. Yeah. Oh, look at the, oh, and I Guess everybody had kids too at that by that point. But that, it just, it got to where, where we are today, that You know, you're getting warned to keep your mouth shut because bizarre of it.


It turned upside down, you Know? Well, it's also one ideology dominates, especially in Hollywood, dominates the entire business. You know, one of the things that I said that drove me crazy about Hollywood was there's people that had differing opinions about things, but they would never speak out because it could damage their career. Right. And it really can. That's what's going on now. They, they will fucking blackball you. They Will I mean they tried, you know, I, there were a couple attempts to cancel me while We were making Reagan. In fact, You know kind of half-hearted, I guess. But it's, it, it has become that You know, and that ain't right.


I mean, back then You know few people really were, I guess, conservative. Let's throw out parties and just call it conservative I mean you had John Wayne, John Voight. Yeah. But e you didn't know if John Voight was conservative back then. He wasn't vocal about it. That not back in the seventies. No. And, but it was basically John Wayne and Charlton Hesed. Right. And that You know that was pretty much about it, but, or anybody wearing a tie. Well, how Did the Rebels become, like, what the fuck happened? How did the rebels become the establishment?


That's, That is we went through an era where We were, remember There was tolerance. That was what We were trying to do. Like back in the teens, I think in the tens where you tolerate other groups and all that. And that didn't last very long and seems like one had it over the other. But if you ask me where this great divide really started politically, I think of course There was Watergate. But you come up to like, when the Republicans had their contract with America, I think it was like 94 in You know the year that Clinton was gonna be a, a lame duck president and had that, those midterms and then it started to become just along party lines where There was No You know you were a traitor if you went to the other side, or Mm.


'cause we had conservative, conservative Democrats, we had liberal Republicans up until that point. you know, that's what, what I grew up with. And that wasn't good enough anymore. And so he started there and You know, and then continued and the, the You know, then the Democrats really took over and they really do it really well. A as far as as that stuff of turning things on their head and You know, they're, I I feel like today they're You know they were using the judicial system against Trump, Which is Yeah, For sure.


Which really off the reservation. Well, they're using the judicial system event against Trump. The entire media establishment, other than Fox News Right. Is completely against anything Republican. Right. And it's full Phil, did you see on Colbert the other day? Kristen Collins? Is that her name? Yeah. Yeah. I saw that. She said, Colbert says Fox just reports or CNN just reports the facts. The whole audience starts laughing. Yeah. They said, was that a laugh line? Yeah. He goes, well, I guess it is. I Guess it is. Yeah. Which is hilarious. Well, People, people get it. Oh, They do Get it. That's, that's what You know. Well The pandemic Me is that people do get it sometimes. I think everybody just swallowing this. There's a lot of people that are still swallowing a lot of boomers, a lot of older folks that are just swallowing whatever's in the newspaper and whatever's on television.


And a lot of people aren't news wonky like you and I. Yeah. You know. They just get the sound bites and that's what they Exactly. That's what they do it for. And what's Disheartening, the more you do a deep dive on the actual facts about a thing, you know, like I've heard people repeat, I've had conversations with people, they go, well, you know, Trump's a felon. He's, he's convicted of 34 felonies. I go, okay, do you know what those things are? Do You know? Do You know that they're misdemeanors? Misdemeanors? Do you know that, that, you know, the statute of limitations had had run out on this little misdemeanor. Yeah. The whole thing is same. It wasn't same a campaign contribution that they just did all kind of gymnastics to make it happen. And then the third person in the in line in the Justice Department comes back to New York to oversee this case.


And You know, just, It's just incredibly, it's incredible. Dangerous. It's incredibly dangerous because, Because it can also be turned around. Yes. You know. And there has to come a point where we go, stop. Yeah. You know we have to, we have to stop this. Or we're losing our country. Yeah. I think they're more concerned with being in power than they are with preserving the idea of democracy. That's Yeah, I totally agree with that. And I think, Paul, some of that was certainly, they were emboldened by the fact they're essentially running the country without a president for the last three years. Yes. Because he's, you know, he's not, it's not there. Not there. Really. And since he's decided that he's not gonna run again, he's gone.


He's vanished. It, it makes me Who's running it now? Exactly. You know. And then The crazy thing is Kamala Harris and then is elected that who's gonna, who's who'll be running it then, because the really can't see her like being in charge. No, the, it's a figurehead. That's all it is. And what's really wild is the Babylon Bee had a hilarious little caption. They said, when I get in office, I'm gonna change things. Says the woman who's in office right now. Yeah. 'cause she's in office. Yeah. She's talking about fixing all these things. Like, Hey, From day one, you literally the vice president on day one, I'm going to really do something about the border. Says the borders are, but you Essentially the president right now. Yeah. This is so fucking crazy.


You'll be the president for five more months. Yeah. This is so nuts. But yeah, just she's flipped on everything except for plastic straws. She still wants to get rid of those. Did you see the thing where Trump came out and said that he was going to stop taxes for tips Yeah. Of hospitality workers and Yeah. You wouldn't tax him on tips anymore. Yeah. That was like a month and a half ago. Yeah. And then she came out Yeah. And said she's gonna do it. Right. And she's gonna stop tips as if And everybody cheered. Yeah. As if it was her idea. But here's the problem. In 2022, she was one of the deciding votes of the Tide burger to go after people. Yeah. That were not reporting their tips. Was that on the Inflation Reduction Act or the Green New Deal?


The green. Well, that thing was one and the same. I Right. She was the she was the tiebreaker. Yeah, Exactly. Votes. Exactly. So they're gonna tax the business instead, which in turn taxes the, the workers that were there. Yeah. But it's hilarious that two years later she's acting like this is her idea now. Yeah. Like you had a chance. You could have, you could have swung it the other way two years ago. Yeah. Could have been right in there. It's just, or that You know. She was all the, the brags that she was the last person in the room when it came to the withdrawal in Afghanistan. Yeah. And You know, we left 87 billion of dollars of military equipment there.


We have 13 soldiers that were killed. And we, we There's still people over there in hiding. Yeah. And also the people that work with us, all the people that work with us. All the translators. Yeah. All the Afghanis that helped us. They're all fucked. Well, Trump had all that stuff. He had, he was doing it right. Yeah. He had that, you know, that meeting that he had with the Taliban leadership and where he, what we're gonna leave. But if one soldier's head is touched, we're gonna be back. And, and just to show you how we can do it, here's your address To the, they had a photograph of his house.


Yeah. Yeah. They gave it to, gave him to him. And that's when they went Okay. At really the only thing I liked about Trump was everything that he did, I would cringe at so much stuff that he said. Right. But I think his, his heart was really in the right place. And not only that, we, we need a, a really strong leader like that to deal with these assholes that run the run the third. I want Third world. The other world. Yeah. You know there's some bad actors out there. Yeah. Unquestionably. And the wildest thing is that people are pretending that if he gets into office, he's gonna become a dictator as if he wasn't in office for four years.


Yeah. And was never a dictator. Right. Like the whole thing is like, we're just being gaslit and lied to on a scale that I've never seen in my life. To the point where it's CNN on television saying that they support the news becomes a huge laugh. Right. Or that they're just speak the news objectively. Yeah. And it's, it's incredible. Like I said, the Democrats are really good at doing it because they say it's so boldface. Yeah. Yeah. Well they have so much money. The thing, have you ever seen the difference between Democrat donors versus Republican donors? Like There was a chart that someone made about the amount of people that donate to Democratic Party versus the amount of people that vote that donate to the Republican party.


It's shocking. Big donors. Big donors. Shocking. It's, that's where it's completely turned upside down. Yeah. 'cause it used to be Republicans who were known as the Fat Cats and Big Oil and You know big business and all that would, would, would be the big supporters and donors of the Republicans. And it, it was like those five and $10 donations were of the Democratic party because they're really a coalition of groups. But then I think starting with Obama especially it, it started with social media. It really started to get into more of a corporate type of tech oligarchy that's is Yeah.


Tech oli. That's a great way to put it. That's really what it is, right? Yeah. It's a tech oligarchy. The, the tech thing's nuts. 'cause nobody anticipated that these corporations were gonna have this insane amount of influence and power over people. You know, I've had this guy Robert Epstein on my podcast before, I dunno if you've ever seen his work, but he ba basically does a statistical analysis of Google search results and what Google does to change people's opinions and how much of an effect it can have on swaying an election. Because if you go look for Trump Rally, you'll see a bunch of Kamala Harris things. if you go to try to find something negative about Kamala, you'll find something. All these positive things about Kamala.


So these quick searches where, which most people do, most people aren't doing deep dives for hours where they're going and You know reading and finding other alternative sources of information. They get their information from a Google search. And that Google search, if you can curate it and make sure that all the positive stuff about the people that you want is upfront and all the negative stuff about the people that you don't want is upfront, you could shift people's opinions by 20, 30%. Of Course you can. Yeah. You know. And it's what the algorithms that they have, they already know your preferences and Yeah. Basically You know who you are to begin with. Yes. And they can maneuver that way. It's not, and, but shouldn be illegal.


It's not just the Russians. We should have search results. Which search results should be completely unbiased. Like that should be, that should be a law. Because if you can curate searches, if you can curate people's access to information and hide things, that should be illegal, that there should be nothing that has anything to do with political ideology when it comes to searching for information. but shouldn just be whatever the information is. I completely agree with you as well. For one thing is Ronald Reagan said democracy can handle it. Yeah. You know. And yeah, he was, he testified before the health subcommittee back, back in the day, You know House of un-American activities.


And it said basically just let the commun let the communists go ahead and state their cause there's, it's okay to have a communist party in this country because the exchange of ideas and it, everything will play out then democracy can handle it. Yeah. But we're kind of, excuse me, we're kind of going through with Reagan right now. The movie we're going through a, we're we're being censorship is happening to us through Facebook. They have Facebook banned advertising and a lot of the podcasts, this one will probably be banned on Facebook as as well.


That's over the last couple of months. Really? Yeah. Just because it's a, is it a positive film about Reagan? Is that what the idea is that's bothering them? Well, it's a, I see it as it's a, it's a bio You know. It's a biopic is really what it is. it follows him from when he was a boy in Dixon all the way through when he said goodbye to the American people when he was diagnosed for Alzheimer's, you know, after he was president. And it's fight against communism You know, which he fought all of his life. And, but they, the reason being was that the, the content in it was an attempt to sway an election a a movie I mean, the last time I heard You know Reagan was on the ballot 40 years ago.


Was was the last time. Do you think if you made a positive Obama movie, It would be to sway an election? Well, There was an Obama movie that came out during an election year in 2020. And You know nothing about that. And to me, I mean just the act of, of banning or censoring that material as you you were talking about is is an attempt to sway an election. Yeah. And Reagan was a Democrat before he was a Republican by the way, As was Trump. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's, Since then Facebook has said they made a mistake. Oh, they said that yesterday because we, we put out a letter to it in an article on Newsweek and they said they made a mistake.


It was their automatic systems had detected it. Oh. But, but it those How convenient. Yeah. I don't know what those automatic systems are, but There was a mistake in that. Yeah. I don't understand it. Yeah. I I I don't know what's going on over there If it's rogue employees. The problem is like so many of those people are so ideologically captured. Yeah. So many of the people that are working for any tech company Yeah. Their, their kids coming outta the universities, they're all left wing. There's very few right wing people involved. It's a, a tiny, tiny percentage. Right. And they all feel like it's their duty. They feel like they're activists before they're even Anything else to save America. Yeah. Which Is like from what Totally drank the Kool-Aid.


Yeah. if you ask me. Yeah. It's, it's, that's what's unfortunate about the way Trump talks because the way Trump talks it, it's easy to make him the enemy because he seems like a mean old rich man. Yeah. you know? And so in their eyes that is, that's everything that's wrong in the world. Yes. Who'll go after You know, make fun of you personally or whatever. Yeah. But he didn't talk those artillery terms. Say you see, he You know it feels like a school yard bully or whatever. But it's, it's he's, you know, with You know all the things they did to Trump. I do believe him when he, as far as revenge and all that stuff, that the success in the election would be his revenge.


Yeah. and I really believe that if, if it was Biden who was You know impeached or going to jail or whatever, I think Trump would pardon him, tell you the truth. I don't think he wants anybody to see a, a president in jail. 'cause that really changes our country. Well he has said that openly about Hillary. Yeah. Like when he got into office, There was a lot of people that were pressing him to prosecute her to go after her. Yeah. For the email thing for a lot of different things. And he said, no, that'd be a terrible look. It'd be terrible for our country. The wife of the former president of the United States. No way. Yeah. And he didn't do it. So all these things that people think he's going to do. Well, he had the opportunity to do those things four years ago.


And they're thinking now, they've done so many egregious things to him now with all the prosecutions and then the, the years and years of Russiagate every fucking news network. It It started at something. Yeah. It started at day Even before he, even before it got in, it got into office. you know, they were, but You know I wasn't, I myself, I wasn't going to vote for Trump. I, this time around, I was wanting them to find another candidate You know that would kind of calm things down a bit. Right. That's because that's, I thought that's what we needed. We needed to, to calm things down. But then when they went after 'em with the judicial system, these like stupid charges.


Yeah. Yes. But that, that, that's, that's when things changed for me. 'cause then then you're messing with the constitution. Right. And You know, we can't go back from that right after, after something like that happens. Right. And so that's why I'm jumping in all for Trump. And the other thing is, people need to understand that even if you hate Trump, if you normalize weaponizing the judicial system against a political candidate, that can be used against your party too. Exactly. And if someone gets in, like if the VA Grandma Swami gets in, or if Ron DeSantis gets in and he starts doing the same things that they did to Trump, then we have chaos.


Yeah. Then we're a fucking, we've Got a Banana Republic. We're Venezuela. Exactly. Where you can, you can go down the line exactly. On how that works. Exactly. Yeah. It's terrifying. We're, we're like the last hope for this whole idea of this experiment in self-government. Reynold Reagan said that, that, you know, these freedoms that we take for granted, they can be lost in a generation. and I always thought, well, it's kind of really high talk and all that stuff. But it's true. It's true. It's true. These are the craziest times. Yeah. The, the craziest and, And fascinating by the way that I've, I've ever lived in it, it I mean it makes the sixties look like a You know sandbox play.


Yep. Yeah. Or they did. Well it's because tech's involved and AI and deep fakes and, and just so much, so many shenanigans are going on simultaneously. It's just, it's a such a bizarre, it's a great time for comedy. There's so much shit to make fun of. 'cause it's almost like true, the things that are real, they're so funny. They write themselves. Yeah, It's true. You can't make this stuff up. It's So nuts. The whole thing is so nuts. And the fact that these people are so ideologically captured, they can't recognize the danger of doing the things that they're doing in order to win. And that you can't fix that stuff once you put it in motion and I. I just don't, I don't know how this is gonna turn out, but I'm, I'm gl like, if, if this was a show, I'd be like, holy shit.


What a great show. Mm. Like the writing on this show is fucking incredible. No Kidding. Yeah. It's a cliffhanger. This for sure. Yeah. The assassination attempt him going fight, fight, fight and putting his fist like, what the fuck is this real? This is crazy. The whole thing's crazy. And then not a press conference about the shooter. Yeah. Not a press Conference. Not only, but it's like not a month later. It's how do they do it that, that nobody remembers it. Right. They well, they memory hold it. It, yeah. Yeah. Memory. Hold it. It's like, it as if it never happened. Well, There was so little reporting on how it happened, how it could have happened, who the, who the shooter was. They get to the kid's house and it's completely scrubbed.


He doesn't have any silverware in his home. Like someone was there and do You know that his Phone, it takes him, what? A week and a half even to like open it. Oh, we can't get into his phone. Yeah. Woo. Yeah. That's, yeah. Well, how about the fact It's strange. You know, my my son, the 17-year-old son can get into your phone, but they can't get into your, they can't get into Your Well also the fact that this kid, someone from outside the FBI's office in DC had been visiting on, they, they tracked the You know they have phone, they have Ad Oh, right. You know. So they can change. Yeah. They can pay your phone off, off of that triangulate on The on couch. So There was a phone that was going from outside of DC to this kid.


Right. Multiple times. So what, what's going on this kid's training for a quite a while, for over a year. It seems like he was involved in like shooting training and preparing for, it's like he was being Groomed. He was there at least like 40 times. They said, I Don't know how many times Rifle There was quite a Few. It was quite a few. Yeah. But the whole thing is very strange. It's like, how, how is this not like a deep investigation that's on the front page of every newspaper where people trying to figure out Outrage From it? Was this a government conspiracy to kill the presidential candidate? Yeah. What happened? Right. Was it Right? and I thought, You know thought we go back to the Kennedy.


No, go ahead. I thought the moment he got shot and live and he goes, fight five Five. I'm like, it's over. Yeah. He's gonna win this. Yeah, me too. He's gonna win this. I said, that's it. Yeah. Put up his fist. Like that is like, And then next thing You know Kamala Harris has one good speech and everybody's cheering and you're like, wow. It's just completely flip flop. All the talk shows everyone's with her a person who just a month prior was being hidden because she would say so many dumb things and she would bl and every time she had a talk openly with no script, she would blunder and fuck things up. Now all of a sudden she's the perfect candidate. Yeah. It's kind of wild. It's super wild.


You know. They did have and disenfranchised all those voters who had voted for Biden. Yeah. You know if you're talking about democracy. Right. And then all of a sudden they have no say about it. No primary, there's no one, no one else gets to choose. And they get the, they use the FEC filing for Biden's money. So like, she gets to access that war chest. So the whole thing's crazy. The and the fact that no one's freaking out about the dangers of this. And the fact that this is the first time ever that someone who nobody voted for, nobody voted for in the primaries, had zero delegates, is now being the person who is at the front.


Who's a point ahead in the polls. Yeah. Allegedly. Yeah. I always say with the polls, like says who, here's the thing about polls. Who the fuck are you asking and who's, who's talking to you? Yeah. The, the people that have the, the, like, the least amount to do, the people that are willing to answer polls, the people that when you call them up, say, do you have a few minutes of my time? They're like, well, yes I do. Most people say, get the fuck outta here. And they hang up the phone. The vast majority of people don't answer polls. Yeah. So you have one point ahead of the people dumb enough to answer polls. Everybody else. It's like, we don't know. No. And so that's why the gaslighting continues. Well, let's put it this way though.


They've done a very good job. 'cause they do have the Republicans back on their heels about it. Oh yeah. and I didn't think it was gonna happen. I didn't think so either. I thought, well, Leading up to it, I thought he was gonna steamroll Biden. The, the administration done a terrible job over the last three years. The border's wide open. Everyone's freaking out. There's two wars going on simultaneously that could lead us into World War iii. At any moment everybody's freaking out. I'm like, when Trump was in office, There was no wars. There was no New Wars. There was nothing new that he was doing. That was putting people in in jeopardy. And then all of a sudden it was this fucking complete total turnaround orchestrated by the media. And it happened right in front of our eyes.


And now Kamala is this darling of everybody. It's like, this is wild. Like the least popular vice president of all time is now one of the most popular presidential candidates of all time. Like that. Incredible. And You know they're gonna, what we're talking about right now, we're gonna sound like conspiracy theorists. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well I'm used to that. Yeah. I'm just getting used to super Comfortable with it. Super comfortable with it. One of Reagan's greatest phrases in my opinion, is the nine most terrifying Words. I'm from the government and I'm here to help. I'm here To help.


Yeah. It's like, it's so true. Like, these people are just like any other person in any position of power. They wanna maintain power and they wanna make as much money as possible. It's in every corporation. When corporations get in trouble for lying about their products. It's the same thing. It's the same thing in every business. You got a risk management. Yeah. You know. They, they show up at, at the door and, and You know. It's amazing how the, the Times today are so much like when Reagan was elected, You know we had inflation. You know the, we had 20% interest rates. I I remember that.


'cause I bought a house actually during, during that time, There was a feeling of malaise in the country that it, Carter even spoke of You know we had hostages in Iran. I mean we have hostages over there in Israel and the Gaza Strip that nobody's even speaking about. How's, how's that possible? Right. Where's the outrage on that at? And you know it, and it's so much like that time. And Reagan came along and said, You know we're going this way. That we're not a nation in decline like we've been told that we are today. And You know America came back from that. I still have really great faith in the American people when it, when it comes down where the rubber meets the road.


I Have a great faith in a certain percentage of the American people. Yeah. Well I think there's a certain percentage of the American people. I hope Those are the people who Vote. Yeah, I hope so. Yeah. I think there's a certain percentage of the American people that are living in a movie. They, they have no real understanding of all the mechanisms that are involved that make this world work and why it's working and the way it's working and what the dangers are of it. They just, they just, there's so many people that are they only fed by the mainstream media, which is completely corporate controlled. Yeah. They don't know what's going on In a sound bite. Yeah. That's all it. That's all it is. Sound, Sound bite. And headlines. I've been an independent all my life. Really? You know, I voted for Carter.


I voted for Reagan twice. I voted for Ross Perot, I voted for Clinton. Once You know I voted for Bush once I voted, I Voted for Ross Perot too. Yeah. I voted for, I voted for Obama once and I the second. The second election of that one, I sat out because there were, I just didn't have a choice. But You know what I voted for Trump the first time. 'cause I went in there and it was Hillary or Trump or Hillary or Trump. and I voted for Trump and voted for him again. But I've always believed like in the pendulum of, of, of politics and culture and, and the world about what is it that we need right now.


And in fact, Republicans and Democrats need each other. They keep each other from going too far. Right. One way or the other. Yeah. And You know our nation is based on compromised, which winds up being kind of the best way forward. Not everybody gets what they want, but the important stuff it shakes out in the end. Yes. But that, that doesn't seem to be the way things are working right now. Or maybe it, maybe it is in the overall picture, but I just can't see it. Well, I think what happened was, I don't think in 2016 they ever anticipated that Trump was gonna win. All the projections were that Hillary was gonna win by a landslide.


Yeah. That was all the polls. That was all the things he saw on television. And then when Trump started winning on television, you could see it in the look of the faces of the pundits. The people that were on TV that were calling the, the, the election. They were baffled. They couldn't believe it. Yeah. And then when it was over, there's that famous video of the lady with the sock hat and the glasses and the street on her knees going, no. Yeah. You see that? Like Yes. When, when it's announced. Donald Trump. Yeah. The glass ceiling still existed. Had not been broken. Oh. It was crazy times. And then what's really funny is right after that, Jim Brewer had a great joke about this, that There was those women March those marches.


'cause You know Trump had said that, grab him by the pussy thing. And like he's anti-women. So there's these women marches and Jim Brewer goes, isn't it funny? They knew what a woman was then. Yeah. Which is crazy. 'cause that was only 2016. Yeah. 2016 There was no trans women. This was that, that kind of conversation was not on the table at all. The, the Me Too movement. Yeah. All of that just completely gone out the window. And it in favor of what? 0.0000 point, whatever of the population. I know. It's nuts. And it's also, it's like now women's sports are app peril. Yeah. 'cause now you're having biological men with mental disease, mental disorders competing as women saying that they're women.


Women winning weightlifting events, women winning cycling Events. Was that boxer, the Italian boxer The day, Which the box was A complicated one, which to be really dangerous. I I have nothing in against trans people. The box is not trans. I was in the drama department, you know, I was a drama. Mama You know. Right. Most of the drama department was gay at, at stuff at at grew up in that way. I used to used to play golf with Kaitlyn You know back When it was Kaitlyn or Bruce, When he, back when he was Bruce It would just be us. 'cause Sherwood, it was very, there weren't many people around It just You know. I love the guy. and I, when he came out like that, I was really happy for him to tell you the truth. Because to have to like carry that around Right.


With what you feel inside, that's really important. Yeah. you know, but that doesn't mean that the entire nation has to like flip over and change to accommodate. Right. That yes, there could be a all for you and you know, in fact, our system already accommodates everybody. Yes, It Does. Yeah, it does. But I just don't like being beat over the head and told what to think and what to feel and to pretend this and pretend that No, no, it's terrible. It's terrible for everybody. And it's just this very loud vocal minority that's very invested in pushing this agenda.


And everybody else is just going scratching their heads and going, what the fuck? And if you have a daughter that has to do some sort of a sport and there's trans athletes on that team, like Jesus Christ. Like this is the reason why Title IX was created in the first place. Like to give women an opportunity to compete with women. Exactly. That's It. You can't say I feel like a woman. So I'm a woman and I'm gonna compete with women with all the male biological advantages. Like we're you wanna talk about science denying there's your science denying right there that's you're denying biological science. Yeah. A man just by his body mask can hit three times harder Yeah. Than, than a woman. You know in that Olympic match, I mean she's the, the, the girl stopped after like 45 seconds.


See that's A different story. That person has a disease. That male boxer who wa was allegedly male, who's allegedly has XY chromosomes. There's a, there's a complicated issue with that. This is like a genetic disorder that this person has where they have very high testosterone and allegedly have XY chromosome. They should do chromosome I mean, this is one of the things, do You know what the enhanced games is? I think I know what you're getting at. Yeah. The enhanced games. They're putting together this new form of athletic competition. It's gonna be this enormous event where they're gonna let people take performance enhancing drugs. But, and so I asked them, I had them on the podcast, I said, What, are you gonna do about trans athletes?


They said, I think we're gonna go along chromosomes. Yeah. So if you have XY chromosome, no matter what Yeah. You're competing with other people that have XY chromosomes, males, people who grew, went through male puberty. Yeah. That's it. End of discussion. Yeah. Now, socially, I'll call you a woman. I'll call you whatever your name you wanna be called. I don't care at all. But if you want to compete athletically, we're gonna pretend that the shape of the hips, the density of the bones, size of the lungs, size of the heart, the ability to react quicker, all these different advantages that we know exist, that that's, this is stupid. Right. And this is now you're putting ideology instead of ahead of facts and ahead of science and ahead of the, the biological reality.


We know about the advantages that men have. Yeah. Ideology. It's like, it's like, don't look behind the curtain. Yes. It's like Oz You know it's, well, don't look over there. It's people that don't have religion is what it is. Yeah. And they have a new religion. And that religion is this woke ideology. Yeah. That is, they're they're acting that way the same way a religious zealot would act. Yeah. I Yeah. Complete with the doctrine and everything that goes with it. Yeah. To, to spout. And there is no argument Excommunication everything. No exchange. There is no exchange of, of ideas. Right. Exactly. That. Well, they can't debate because if you debate about it, then the facts outweigh their ideology.


Right. You look at the biological facts of this stuff, it outweighs the ideology. And then you look at the transitioning children I mean, do have you ever seen these interviews where people go up to people and they say, do you think that a child of 12 years old is old enough to get a tattoo? No. No, no, no, no. Do you think You know? And they, they start asking, do you think they're old enough to know their gender? Yes. Yes. Yes. Oh, that, oh that, Oh That puberty blockers are fine. Literally chemical castration drugs that were used on pedophiles in the past. Those are fine. Yeah. Those are fine to give to kids. Confused parents too. Yeah. Yeah. The whole Thing is Bananas. Parents having no say about it.


Yeah. Yeah. I think people in a way do know their gender when they're young. In a way, maybe later they look back and realize that they were that way when You know they were either gay or they, or from You know, a, a a a place of hindsight in a way. But to, to let someone who was You know under at least 18 really I mean even in 18 I I didn't, how much do we really know ourselves? Well, how much are you influenced Can't go back Right. From that. And people are very easily influenced. Very, yeah. And if they're taught by the people around them that they get positive reinforcement.


If they go in a particular direction, people do that. I mean how many fucking Hollywood kid, how many people in Hollywood have trans kids? And how is that Possible? All of a sudden there's an epidemic of it. How is that Possible? Yeah. How is it possible? is it just the openness it's always been there? Or is it that this is some sort of a fucking mind virus and these people are being influenced by the positive reaction they get from saying that they're LBGT Q2 plus ai, whatever the fuck it is. Now it's like there's, there's a social contagion going on and there's an aspect of that that's real. Yeah. These are educated people Yeah. We're talking about. But that's what's nuts. Right. But educated people that are not paying attention to this thing called gender dysphoria that has always existed.


Well, How do you think we get back? How do you think we get back to being able to have an exchange of ideas and, and not just You know, try to put the other one in jail or try to dismiss them from society? It sounds ridiculous, but I think the only way is to do what we're doing right now and to continue talking about it as reasonable people and have people listen to it. And it shapes people's opinions and things. They go Yeah, they're making sense. It is reasonable. And to pretend that these psychological conditions, there's a psychological condition called autogynephilia where men get sexually aroused dressing up as women and, but they're usually attracted to women. Yeah. So now these men are pretending that they're lesbians.


So they're calling themselves lesbians and they're getting on lesbian apps. And lesbians are fucked now because now there's these men that are pretending to be lesbian that are occupying these lesbian apps. They've Their agenda. And If you don't want to date them, then you are transphobic and they'll attack you. And it's like, holy shit. Wow. These are the people that were perverts in the past and now all of a sudden they're a part of a protected class. It's very strange. It's very strange. And it's not good and it's not sustainable. and I don't know when people are going to fully recognize the harm that they've done to all these children that they've had mastectomies and forced these fucking drugs on that killed their body's ability to produce testosterone.


And they, they try to say that they're reversible. There's not, there's no fucking reversing damaging someone's puberty. That is not true. if you put puberty blockers in a boy that is not reversible is not true. Not only is it not true, there's a tremendous amount of evidence that shows that there's significant danger to taking those drugs. There's blood clots and strokes and all sorts of other, and then there's a fact that it's not natural. It's not natural. None of it's natural. Right. Even injecting them with estrogen like to, so they could be their true self, if you are your fucking true self chemicals are not involved. It's not injecting chemicals are not involved in maintaining your true self. That's nonsense.


Yeah. And it's a crazy sort of a leap, a mental leap that you have to have to make that. Well, we've gotta get, we've gotta get back to a place I mean, looking back at the sixties ad you know, we, we've always been kind of a nation, at least in this century of experiments, you know, that, that go on as you know, as a society as a whole. You know you had the flower children back then of, and that whole counterculture Sure. The weather on the ground, all that shit. Yeah. Yeah. But You know, back then you knew who the leaders were. It seems to be leaderless today. You know. You had either, you had Abby Hoffman, you had, you know, the Black Panthers.


We had Malcolm X, you had, you knew who Martin Luther King. You had leaders of all these movements that you could have this dialogue with or this debate with. And now it's who, who, who are the leaders of Black Lives Matter, who are the leaders and spokesman for this whole trans movement that's going on? You know, and some of it is, it's, it is political and, but we're the leaders for that anymore. Well, I think the leaders are the tech businesses. Yeah. I think that's what it is.


I think the tech businesses have become a defacto form of government. Yeah. Yeah. The only to me that the only motivation could of, of that could be control 100% Con first to control the bottom line. Yeah. you know, of, of the money. But then You know, the more people that you get have kind of You know acquiesced control over the You know, then the more your bottom line is gonna go on. And then it's about power. Yeah. And You know, I think we've been shown in this, getting back to what We were talking about before that that really is what is going on and what was going on in 2020.


if you asked me with, with the tech companies deciding to You know what We were gonna see and what We were gonna hear. And it's it pretty much exposed. Yeah. And it's dangerous. It is dangerous. And it's, we're not, we're not prepared for that influence. We, we didn't know it was gonna exist before. There's no laws in place to keep it in check. Which is why Google's allowed to curate the search results and, and why they're allowed to censor conservative voices on social media. And in fact, one of the things we found out, like, thank God for Elon Musk, because if Elon Musk had not bought Twitter, we would not have known the extent of the government's meddling No. Into information distribution.


No. We would've wouldn't have known. They were literally trying to get them to ban legitimate news stories. And they were successful with the Hunter Byron laptop story, but other legitimate conservative perspectives and points of view and people that were legitimate doctors and scientists that had questions about the way We were handling the pandemic, which Also turns out to be true. Yeah. Which also a hundred percent turned out To be true. Yeah. And then when it, it's there is no kind of, okay, We were wrong about this. Yeah. And this You know, they just kind of dismiss it. I got in a conversation with a guy, it was like, well, you know, what about you? These are, these are not ideological issues that you're, you know Right. You're talking about that when it comes to medicine, especially Exactly. When everything gets turned into a political, that's What's crazy that vaccines and pharmaceutical drug companies became a democratic liberal perspective of supporting that.


Like these corporations that have the biggest criminal fines in the history of medicine, it's all the fact these companies, these these pharmaceutical drug companies for doing things that were illegal, they were fine. Billions of dollars. And people still wholesale bought everything they said. And if you disagreed, you were some sort of a fringe conspiracy theorist who was a danger to everyone around you. And Right. I knew A little bit about that because my, from when my twins were overdosed when they were 12 days old with heparin in, in a hospital, You know, that turned their blood to the consistency of water. And they were off the measurable scale, in fact for coag coagulation of their blood for more than 48 hours.


And it was scariest moment of our lives. But really about what I learned about, we did not sue the hospital. It was a You know, a human error in that. but it, it was the drug company also, which was kind of liable in that the, the 10 milligram unit, the 10 unit bottle that the kids were supposed to get was light blue in that the adult was dark blue and that was 10,000. So they got 10,003 times. Oh my god. Yeah. It was, it was horrific. But after that, you know, it was, it, I, I testified before congress, you know, oversight committee there, you know, about what had happened.


And as far as the drug companies, it's impossible to sue the drug companies just about It's very difficult. Or to get them to, to change anything. They're all located for the most part in Illinois and they have that system wrapped up. But it's You know everybody at the FDA, I'm gonna say everybody, but there's so many people at the FDA positions that are either former employees of drug companies or future future employees of Companie future More likely. Right. Companie. Yeah. Because they know there's a golden basket waiting for them at the end of this journey. Exactly. So to get any kind of You know that's, that's wrong in itself.


And to get anything real done is, is clouded, you know, by self-interest. Yeah. So what happened, You know during Covid was You know that's, they still, these boys that are You know dropping dead. Yeah. You know at 17 of heart attacks. And it's, people don't trust their government anymore. Well, even, and that's out the same, it was back in the late seventies before that election. People didn't, since Watergate, hadn't trusted their governments. What's bizarre to me, but it's really bizarre now, Is that even with the, all the evidence of these people dropping dead, the people that are around, the people dropping dead are in denial about it.


Yeah. Because they all advocated for a very specific thing. And when that very specific thing may be causing a bunch of deaths, they don't want to take credit for it. They don't want to be in trouble for it. They don't want to be beholden to their, to this idea that they had. The pharmaceutical drug companies are telling you the truth and that this is the only way out of this, and if you didn't do it, we're all gonna die. And everybody went into this with this terrible fear. And because they stated that early, now they're committed to it and they, they're defending it because it's a part of themselves. Their ideas are a part of themselves. And so you're seeing like the, there's, if you look at the, just if you look at what insurance companies are dealing with now with excess deaths, that's some of the best data that we have is excess mortality.


Right. And the excess mortality is extraordinary. At any other time in history, if There was a thing that was rolled out where all of a sudden everybody's taking it and all of a sudden you have this amazing increase in excess deaths and cancers that are what they're calling turbo cancer. And if you listen to Peter McCullough, he explains how this could be causing that, that the mRNA vaccines could be causing these turbo Cancers. Yeah. Because it actually changes our, our molecular structure down to You know the chromosomes and the DNA that, that it's, it's, it's a manmade thing which is affecting our body in a bad way.


Yeah. And it's killing people that took it, that were advocating for it, that were tech people. There's tech people that are dropping dead left and right and they're still, they're still on this bandwagon and they're still letting the CDC saying, you should vaccinate anyone under 12. Like, what the fuck are you talking about? Right. What are you talking about? This is insane. It wasn't, it was never dangerous for kids. My kids got it. And they were over it in a couple of days. It was nothing. Yeah. I, I got the vaccine twice. I had to, when We were, We were, when We were doing Reagan, We were shooting the movie. So it, it's still at that point. And it was required in order to work. Did you have any side effects? No, but You know I do note and I, I actually got Covid when We were of course shooting Reagan.


It doesn't stop during assassination scene, actually. Oh, really? Yeah. Oh, no way. We were working in a basement and we had like 50 extras, You know, and it was just, oh, of course it did. Just about everybody got it. But I had, I had a bat. I was lucky. It hit my, it hit me in the guts instead of the lungs. and I had, I had 104 temperature for a couple of nights, but You know I was over it in a couple of weeks. And then You know, getting the vaccine. I did have kind of a reaction to that, like a little mini version, but I've noticed that when I get a cold now, it's harder to get over. Everything's A. little bit harder to get over now.


Yeah. and I don't think it's just me. I You know friends, you know, we, we talk about it and the, the same thing is going on just and You know it coming from China and all that You know what could have happened is Could have been an exchange, a real exchange of how it had really happened and what, what the process was of, of how it happened to make sure that it doesn't happen again. Or to during the research of the, the vaccine, to, to put that out where it could could've helped there as well. There's no, it just winds up being You know everybody lines up on the side of ideology.


Exactly. I mean, I wonder You know if, if Trump does come into office, are they gonna say, oh, I won't take Trump's vac vaccine again. Well, that's how it was. That's how it was. Even Kamala Harris was saying that. Yeah. She was saying, I'm I'm not gonna take his vaccine when it comes out. Right. Then as soon as they got got into office, they the very same vaccine, they said, yes, you should, we should take our vaccine. Yeah. It's nuts. Yeah. Yeah. Very bizarre. That, that's one of the things that's so interesting because we have more access to information now than we've ever had in all of human history, and yet people are more divided by ideology than they are by facts, than any other time in history. Yeah.


A lot of it has to do, I think with, with cable news too, people have have You know separated themselves. I myself, I watch all of them You know on, on Direct tv there's Channel 200 where you got like six boxes up there. You could, you could watch all the news and I flip back and forth and it's like watching a different story. Right. A completely different story. Yeah. Depend where you go. It's somewhere in the middle. There is, it is the real thing. One of my favorite moments was when Joy Reed was comparing Biden getting Covid and to Trump getting shot. Yeah. Like Yeah. He got over Covid, right? He got over Covid. No, he got over 20, 24 Covid, which is basically a fucking cough. Yeah.


And Reagan I mean, excuse me, Trump got shot in the fucking head. Yeah. Yeah. It only grazed his ear, but that was just a miraculous turn of the head. Yeah. At the exact right moment. Incredible. Which is thing Misra actually, or you know, is that what they think? Maybe it kicks up dust up I. don know. I'm just starting something new. Well, there's A, a literal photo of the bullet passing by his head. Yeah. you know, so, but there were a lot of people that denied that he even got shot. They were saying, oh, Actually There was three that came very close to him. Yes. There was the second one on, on the left side of The head. One was just an inch away from from that one too. Yeah. Yeah. And man You know if his head had blown up there in front of everybody would've situation Civil War.


Civil war. Yeah. Yeah. It could have very, very well been Civil War, I Would afraid. I'm afraid it Could have Been. Yeah. There's You know those Trump people would've fucking loaded up their pickup trucks. Do you think they would've done a more thorough investigation now if it, if he No had No, because that's, listen, this is Lee Harvey Oswald all over again. But less complicated or actually more complicated. Right. Because this is a very young kid. How did they get to him? we don't know anything about him. we don't know why he was willing to do this. We don't know what we, we also know he's a registered Republican, which is crazy. Like, well, you know, one could be swayed from that too. Sure, Sure. You know. Especially at 20. Yeah. you know, like, who fucking know knows what if I knew it was dangerous and they're gonna have to get You know another Republican and they're just You know.


But yeah, I've been reading this unspoken, I've forgotten the author's name, but it was endorsed by RFK Jr. you know, about the assassination of, of his uncle, you know, the president John Kennedy. And it takes every piece of information that is known and puts it in a book and tells a story from it. And it, it was our government I think that came to that killed, that killed Kennedy and You know through the CIA You know the Dark Forces within, within our government.


And if that can happen, then how about today? How much? Of course. Yeah, sure. Who's running things right? if you, the only thing you can draw is conclusion you can draw is it's, it's, it's gotta be something like that. Only I can't, I can't understand why the CIA would want us out of Afghanistan that way or, or You know why all the other stuff is going on. But I guess again, that's for control. Yeah. It's for control. But it's also so multilayered and so hard to figure out what's going on I mean.


We know that they had MK Ultra in the 1960s and they did mind, mind control experiments on people. Yeah. And the idea that they just stopped That is silly. Yeah, that's Silly. They went further. That's, that's how we got all those other drugs that Yeah. Were turned up at parties. Right. Well, it's part of it. There was a a a What was that? This guy Norman Oler, he wrote about drugs during the Third Reich and about how they experimented with LSD on concentration camp prisoners. Yeah. And, and all the stuff that they were giving Hitler, like while he was in the middle and all the stuff they were getting the Nazis, they were giving the Nazis meth. Yeah. They were all on meth. It was crystal meth in fact.


Yeah. That that's what they were so fanatical and going out there and staying up for days. Yep. I mean that that was essential to the Blitz Creek. Yes. I mean you can't stop and take a nap over that. You gotta Yeah. Three days Keep on rolling down the road like a Trucker. Yep. Wild outta their fucking minds. And he was, and Norman was explaining that they had different levels of meth that they would give to the people at the front lines. Like the guys that ran the tanks had the most meth. Yeah. So they were just jacked outta their fucking mind just storming through the night. Yeah. And then the French were drinking wine. They're just like hanging out drinking. They were, they got like a liter of wine, a three quarters of a liter of wine a day. Yeah. As a ration. So they're drunk in the streets and then the Nazis come through on meth.


Yeah. Which is a way better drug for war. Yeah. They just went past that terrible drug. Why is it imagine of line like Yeah, like nothing flat Fucking nuts, man. Really crazy nuts. Three days through Poland. The whole thing is insane. But that they took that knowledge from the Nazis and they started applying it and then they started using some of those drugs and using these MK Ultra experiments and the idea that they stopped that and they don't do that now. Well, what happened with this kid? I, did they do an autopsy? Did they find there's any chemicals in this kid's body? we don't know. We haven't heard a fucking peep. We have not heard a single press conference. The first thing that I would've done, but besides like, try to figure out how the fuck this kid was on the roof for 30 minutes without anybody doing anything.


How, how he got a rifle there, how he got a ladder there, how the snipers didn't shoot him. How they didn't go up there and, and take him out before this happened. Secret Service was supposed to be in those windows. I mean they had a, a You know a fantastic look at it. Yeah. But they were downstairs drinking coffee or whatever the the hell they were doing. Well, not only that, a lot of those people were Department of Homeland Security. Yeah. They weren't even Secret Service agents. They weren't even lined up. And who runs the Department of Homeland Security guy double's nuts. Myorca. It's nuts. Because I would've want to know what that kid was on. I guarantee There was some sort of psychotropic medicine involved. There was something involved.


I do not think if you're going to, let's, let's assume that someone trained him, told him how to do this. Let's assume this wasn't a young 20-year-old kid with very sophisticated detonators and remote controls and all these different things that we know that he possessed, had this rifle, brought the rifle onto the roof. The also, why did he have iron sights? That's, that's baffling to me. Who was his, Who was his gun instructor? There was, Who was teaching him? There were a lot of federal officers over were there, went to training. I'm not saying that any of them were like You know the ones they Probably had no idea what he was gonna do. I mean anybody in this country, we have the second amendment. Anyone can go and learn how to shoot a gun. Yeah. It's You know there's courses you can take.


Yeah. I've taken them. You could, you can go and learn how to shoot guns. Exactly. But No one's gonna take You step. But You know, you wind up having kind of a mentor with things like that. Yeah. you know, it's just like, well There's probably, if You learn how to fight box You know you're, you know, you wind up having somebody who kind of becomes your mentor. Yes. You know. Right. And that's how you get kind of indoctrinated into, Right. Where's that guy? Where is that guy? Yeah. You know the kid was really smart. He won all the science fairs from what I understand. So he was, he was very adept at all that. But it's to, to get into the, there's still some stuff supposedly that's encrypted that they can't touch.


Like You know with sources over to Europe and or whatever what they're saying. and I mean we Don't know. I don't know what I'm talking about that be with that because it's only been inferred. But what are they doing? Why are they not Well why is it Just inferred? Why are they not still on it? Like a daily thing. Right. With like Nightline daily. Yeah. Reports about it. Why didn't they test his blood? Yeah. Why didn't they tell us whether or not he was on any kind of medication? Like Yeah. When they ties to Iran. Right. Or were Or to, or to to China or to Russia or to Venezuela. But where, How is it just memory hold?


Yeah. It's crazy. Yeah. It's crazy. The whole thing's crazy. And then there's like allegations of second gunman, which is always the case with any kind of assassination. Yeah, Of course. The thing that would've been horrific if he, if he had won, if he had successfully shot Trump, if he killed him and then they killed him, that would've been it. Yeah. It would've no idea what happened. And they probably would've memory holded all the exact same way they did it now. And then they would've said the country has to heal and move on. Right. And Yeah. Our long national nightmares over Yeah. Language like that. you know, what if he, what if the kid had just been wounded? Right. I don't think he would've made it to jail alive.


They Weren't weren't, they weren't gonna move. They, they had a clear shot on that dude got, I just, I'm just amazed that they let him get off those shots. That's just the craziest thing to me that they knew he was there. How did you see him running across the roof? Had a while? Trump is speaking. He had a fucking range finder. Yeah. Like using golf. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. They were quite good. I guy using archery. Yeah. Yeah. They, he wanted to know what the yardage was. Yeah. So he could hold for particular height. Right. And, but I don't understand the iron sites thing. The only thing that makes me What Are iron sites? Okay. So rifles either have a scope, which is a magnification scope, which is extremely accurate. Yeah. But you have to adjust it. Or they can have iron sites and iron sites are like, oh, you have a pistol. You have a pistol.


Oh yeah. Between the Two two forks in the back. Exactly. Between the two Fork. That's iron sight. Those are called iron sights. Yes, he did. I I I thought he did have a scope. He didn't have a Scope. I don't believe he did I. Don't believe he did. See if that's been proven because There was a photograph of the gun and the gun, it looks very clear from the photograph that it does not have a scope on it. Scope is You know it's a large tube that sits on the top of the rifle. Yeah. And you, you have to adjust that Scope. And it, it takes a little doing to even attach that. Does it not? Yes. I mean some can click in, but I would imagine you really have to, It's not that complicated. Yeah. You could do it and then you would need to go to a range and cite it in. The problem with a scope would be that if things were getting jostled around and knocked around, if you bang the scope on something, it can get moved just a, a fraction of a millimeter to the left or to the right.


And then your zero point at whatever he is. Got it zeroed at if it's a hundred yards or 150 yards, It's just the Angle it's gonna be off. The Angle gets Yeah, exactly. The angle, the distance will get further away. Yes. Yes. So you Have to probably Redo it. Yes. I've had personal experience with that. I, I was on a deer hunt. I fell with a rifle and I fell going up a, a snowy slope and the rifle got banged and my scope was off, but like six inches at a hundred yards. Yeah. So I could see how maybe, but that was 'cause my scope wasn't tightened. Somebody had not tightened it down properly. I could see how maybe you would say iron sites 'cause it's not that far of a shot. Yeah. 'cause I've practiced with the iron sites.


Right. I know the iron sites. That that's not going to be, it's one proof factor you can take out. That is not gonna be a variable. Right. Exactly. Look, some competition shooters, the old school guys, they don't like red dots because they want to use iron sights because it's so reliable. If as long as you can line it up correctly, as long as you have proper technique and you're accustomed to it, it's not gonna move. Right. It's not gonna go left or right. Whereas, and You can actually see everything around you. Yes. Even better than, than looking through a scope. Yeah. But if you're looking through a scope, you get magnification. So you, you could put that cross hair right on his face. Right on it. And then at 150 yards with a magnification and a scope that's on that's an easy shot. That's really easy.


It's very easy. Yeah. Especially in a prone position like he was on the top of a roof. Yeah. But there's so many questions. How the fuck did they let him do that? Had they let him get up there? How, what kind of security breach is involved? And how about the lady who was in charge of secret service? She didn't wanna step down. Like Yeah, they questioning her. What was that? The whole thing is, and I mean she didn't even insane go to the site of even a week later. She went, she went to, you know, before Congress to explain some things and she hadn't even been to the site. Yeah. It's bombed. And the guy, the the guy, the the head, the head agent not being fired, they You know. It's like he wasn't available for comment because he's still part of the You know he's still running the investigation.


This is the guy who's responsible Right. For all this happening. And he's the one that's running the investigation. Are you outta your mind? The whole Thing's crazy. It's crazy. And it's, it's, it's gonna be a footnote in history that people are gonna be baffled by in the, just like, they're baffled by the JF JFK assassination. Well, they're Gonna be baffled. Well, because he wasn't killed and his head didn't blow up in front. You know in front of on national television. It's, it's, yeah. It's just that, it's just a footnote. It's not like they got him missed. Yeah. That's all I could say. I know they got him missed. Well, who knows what would've happened to the car. So there's the gun. So I'm looking at that gun right now and that gun to me looks like it has iron sights.


This is why I say that. You see the handle at the bottom, you see the magazine. So the handle is in the far That's the magazine. Yeah. Where you're at the fur further one forward and the one behind it, that's the handle. And then you see above those are iron sites, so there's no scope on it unless, Oh, so that is it, it's kind of a, as far as regular site scope, that's, those are a little bigger than the, the regular siding of on a, on A rifle. It's it's an ar It is, it is an AR rifle. Yeah. So it I mean maybe that's a red dot. Maybe it's a very, a miniature red dot I Mean they're in the middle above the magazine. Yeah. but it doesn't look like it, it looks like, What's that? I don know.


That's not a scope. Someone On the that picture said that the, the iron sites were set up at a 90 degree angle. So like that it could be shot from prone. So like Sideways You know it was, I cant tell From Well, it's hard. Kennedy Hard shot The I mean you had the, you had the cops like carrying the rifle down the hallway. Right. So everybody, the whole public could see it. Right. The murder weapon. Right. And You know this is what Americans have, have gotten used to. They've gotten used to the idea that we're not allowed to see information that we have a right to see. Right. As a public, this country, this country is supposedly we're the boss, the people are Right.


And we deserve information so that we can make a decision about it. Yeah. Or we can have the people that we've elected make a decision about it by giving them the power to do so given to them by us. Right. And now there we get information is either distorted or it's fake or it's just withheld. Yeah. And, you know, withheld and like, that's just the way things are. People have gotten used to that idea. Yeah. And that's how, that's how we lose our country in the, our demo our republic.


Right. Our republic is, that's how we lose it. Yeah. See Google, whether or not there's a definitive answer as to whether or not he had iron sight. I, I, Again, I can't, I found nothing that's So crazy that we don't know. I Don't know where to look either, but I didn't find any updates. Did just Google this. Did the Trump shooter have a scope on his rifle? A Hundred percent. Did it, did Thomas Crook's rifle have a scope? And what does it say? There's no I mean I nothing I I would've found the answer. Didn't wait From people. They always portray it You know in the, in, in the coverage afterward. It was kind of, at least at first portrayed as like a rifle with a scope. Yeah. In a couple of places. I, I, I thought he did have a scope.


But it's Possible that is a, a very miniature scope. But like a red.like on a pistol generally doesn't have magnification. It's just, just the dot. What was he doing with the, here's another question. Those explosive devices I think, which were in the car. Yeah. What were they for? Right. And how did he learn how to do that? Like where do you, where do you get those when you're 20 years old? You years 20 years Old. Yout get You know, like I said he won science fairs. I think he was You know, quite adept at at getting that info. Well, Would wouldn't we know that this kid had Google search how to use explosive devices and figured out how to get the detonators Yeah. And figured out how to wire Sure.


How he learned. we don't know anything. Sure. We don't know anything About a fertilizer bomb and all that. So even Yeah. What were they for? Right. What were they for? He had to have an intent Right. For that. Right. And you can figure it out. Even though he's, he's not here. You could figure out an intent. You know certainly wasn't to get away, otherwise he would've had him on him. Right. Do you think he thought he was gonna survive I mean was it a suicide run for this kid? That's why I wanna know what drugs was he on. we don't have any toxicology report on this kid. Right. Which is crazy. That is crazy. They have it for every school shooter. Yeah. The gov the people are entitled to know.


Yeah. The toxicology report, they, Jim Belushi died. Right. And they told everybody his toxicology report Right. Within You know three weeks for, for it to Come back. It's, he died of it. Right. He died still of an Overdose. But still, I'm still Right. I'm talking about the right to privacy versus versus the public's Right. To know. Yeah. Well, in this particular situation, the right to know is imperative. Yeah. Like you have to, is there something that was given to this kid that made him do something that insane? Because there are things that they can give you that will completely distort your understanding of reality and which is why they gave the Nazis meth. Yeah.


You know this is the, the whole reason for it because you, you would do wild shit when you're hopped up on amphetamines. Yeah. You can give somebody Klonopin and, and, and start this anxiety and You know you don't know whether you are, you could make one decision, one minute angst about it, the the next. Right. And be very influenced. Right. There's, but also the Idea that we know all the psychotropic drugs that the government is experimenting on. That's ridiculous too. Well I guarantee You I experimented with 'em a couple of What Would you think? Not all of them. No. Since 1990 I that's, they got some stuff coming out now from what I hear. Well, you got off the cocaine train at the exact right time You know, because now it's, you know What, it's literally Rolling the dice with Fentanyl.


Yeah. Fentanyl. But it's, it's You know. It hasn't always been like this the way you're, you and I are talking. And it's been a very, very long time since it seems that common sense prevailed in the end in this country. And I so want it back. Yeah. For not just I, and I'm not even talking about having everything go the way I want it to go. I You know. It's to get back to a time when who was in the White House and who, and at least We were a people that could at least agree 70% of the time.


and I think we are a people that agree 70% of the time as a whole. but it, that's impossible now. Right. We're being manipulated too much. And most people are just not savvy enough to understand the effect of this manipulation You know. Which is, I think that's a big factor we're experiencing. There's just a lot of people that are, aren't even aware of all the things that we're talking about. There's a lot of people out there that think, oh, Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone, lone gunman, crazy guy. Well, I thought that for a very long time myself. Really? Yeah. you know, after You know, after about 12, 15 years, you know, it started to sound like conspiracy theories to me and stuff.


And then I completely switched over again because of, because of evidence really that's coming out. and I, I really wanna see the rest of the, the files and why are they not releasing the files? I know Trump released a bunch of 'em, but I guess he wouldn't release all living. Yeah. That Well there's also the complete erosion of faith in the intelligence agencies. If, if it turns out that the CIA did kill JFK or that they were involved in the killing of JFK and it could be proven, which is what Tucker Carlson's been saying, if that is the truth, that would be I. mean It would throw the whole country into a tailspin. We wouldn't know what the fuck to do.


'cause if you really found out that in 1963 they organized an assassination on the president, pulled it off, killed them, lied to the public, published this bullshit. Warren Warren commission report tried to pass off this nonsense of the magic bullet. All that stuff. Right. All That stuff. Well, John Foster Doles, who ran the CIA You know they had been, they just pulled off one a a a month before with DM in South Vietnam where the, you know, he was assassinated and it Kennedy was shot. And then the, the Warren report, John, he was the head of the CIA was the head of the, of the Yeah.


Dallas Allen Doles. Yeah. Alan Doles of the I said John Foster. Yeah. Allen Dulles was, was the head of, of the Warren Commission. Which is nuts. 'cause Kennedy had fired him. Yeah. Which is even crazy. Had fired him because that he was doing things behind his back. And so then that guy becomes the head of the Warren Commission report and then Gerald Ford also on the Warren Commission report then takes over when Nixon gets kicked outta office. Right. And then you find out through I mean, Tucker Crossett explained it to us that the whole Nixon thing was essentially an F-B-I-C-I-A op to get Nixon outta office. And Nixon was apparently like very interested in finding out who had shot JFK. Yeah. So then they labeled, And also There was the Vietnam War that was going on.


The CA was very, in fact that's kind of where it started along with the Bay of Pigs, which Kennedy inherited. That was operation going on. But the Cuban Missile Crisis was another one. So Kennedy having actually se a secret dialogue with Khrushchev that was going on that I guess today they would call collusion I. Don't know. But they were making great progress in that. But Vietnam, he had, he had gotten the, the Russians to agree to make Laos a neutral country in that. And there were, we had American gis, You know, even before it was an actual war, which it never was, but getting killed over there.


And Kennedy was wanting to do the same thing with Vietnam, have it be a, a neutral country. And was making progress with Khrushchev in a way towards that. But the CIA's involvement over there, they You know the open, they openly and were the joint chiefs. And in, in meetings, Kennedy had lost control of, of his, of the joint chiefs and, and, and, and decisions that were being made there. They were totally going against him. and I, if I believe too, that it was the CIA that took him out because of their agenda and the mood that was in the country.


It's crazy. The whole thing's crazy. It's crazy to look back on it and think about it. And even the fact that we know now for a fact that the Gulf of Tonkin incident was a false Flag. Yeah. Which is what got us into Vietnam in the first place. Right. And that no one went to jail for that. Yeah. And when, when Johnson came in, I don't think Johnson had, was involved in, in the assassination of Kennedy. But when Johnson did come in, You know, he had a different kind of bend on that and said, you guys will get your war right after, you know, the election is what he told the joint chiefs. 'cause they really wanted it. And You know, lo and behold, after he was elected, the Gulf of Tonkin incident happens.


Yeah. Away you go, Away you go. Yeah. It's wild. And then we're dealing with a more sophisticated, much better concealed version of that apparatus right now. Yes. That's what, that's where, that's what this book really got me to thinking. Okay, if all this was going on, then how much more sophisticated is it now? Right. And especially after nine 11 when we just handed them the keys to be able Yeah. You know the CIA was created by Truman. They haven't just been around. It was created by Truman. And they were supposed to be, do you act as You know foreign agents in other countries? And they were basically given You know, like James Bond license to kill and do what also the license to lie before Congress.


They were given to keep things secret as they could. And Truman came to like, not even a year after he'd created it, came to regret it that he'd even created that that office, because of it turns into a government within a government that is, you know, deciding that has its fingers in every pie. Especially You know the military. Yeah. And dangerous place Kennedy himself was You know, wanted to get rid of the ccia a in fact. And so later after nine 11, we just really gave them the keys to the kingdom.


Right. 'cause they were You know you're allotted in the homeland to do the same thing. And then The Patriot Act and NDAA, all those different things that gave them the ability to spy on people. And then what we found from ever Edward Snowden about the NSA and all of it, it's just wild stuff man. And most people aren't even aware of it. That's what's really crazy. I mean you go You know. Go to what We were told about with the Iraq before we went in there and the weapons of mass destruction. Right. And the like You know, which everybody believed. Yeah. No matter what side you were on. Right. So It's pretty crazy. Yeah. And it's literally what Truman was warning everyone about, about when he left office. Yeah.


That famous speech about the military industrial Well That was Eisenhower. I'm sorry. Eisenhower. Yeah. Eisenhower came in and gave and gave that same speech. That's right. And had a meeting with Kennedy about the, the beware of the military industrial establishment. And Especially Eisenhower because he was such a respected person. So for him to say that. And, but it was one of those things that you say it on television, people hear it and then you never saw it again because it wasn't the time where There was the internet. It wasn't There was no one watching that clip on YouTube saying, what the fuck is he saying? Yeah. What was he talking about exactly. Yeah. Well, Kennedy's speech at the American University, which was about peace and, and about the, you know, the Soviet Union and the, and United States You know, learning to live together.


In fact, he, the the test band treaty came out of that, which was hardly covered in the news actually back then because everybody was so pro war I mean I grew up You know We were getting under our, our school desk. Yep. Like at least once every two weeks in case of a, a nuclear war, it was gonna happen. I lived within the circle of zoning Houston there that the You know the Cubans were gonna send, send the missiles. I got kept home from school. It was happening. We Yeah. We lived with that until You know Reagan the Pope and elect Lenza along with Margaret Thatcher ended the into the Cold War.


Yeah. And You know it's, but I digress. I remember those days. I remember those days in school where they would make you do drills and they would play videos showing you how to get under your desk. Yeah. As if that's gonna protect you from a fucking nuclear bomb. Yeah. A desk. Yeah. That's We. were terrified. Like we grew up with an existential fear of a nuclear war with Russia. Yeah. And it was, it was, it was real. There was about a 90% chance that it was going to happen in the, especially during the sixties. And then again with during the Carter administration and, and into, into Reagan because we'd, we'd appease them.


We'd given them away, given away so much and they were building their military up and it was, it really was a, like a chess game. But There was a very, There was a hawk That pro war, that You know sur survivability after a nuclear attack was Yeah. A big topic. Sure. Let's talk to strange love. Yeah. Like Curtis LeMay, you know, one of the joint chiefs You know who was a big admiral during, during World War II and ran the Pacific campaign basically. But you know, he was saying, well, You know we could survive this You know 50 million people, yes. We'll be killed, but we will survive.


Survive to what? Right. That was the mentality. Isn't that crazy? That's How much they wanted to defeat communism. Right. It out. And it's literally a comedy in Dr. Strangelove, him explaining that Yes. Is literally a comedy. 'cause people are like, what? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I encourage anybody to watch that movie. Movie Nation man. Drake. Yeah. It's crazy. They were like, well we might lose 50 million people. We'll be okay. We'll still have a hundred. Yeah. We might lose out third of the country. 'cause back, back then it was probably, that was probably the population. Right. It's probably 150 million. It was about 150 million back then. Yeah. So a third third would be gone. No big deal.


Let's they Yeah. It strange love. It's such a great movie to still watch it. Yeah. You know, they, they had the tunnels they had built ahead of time. Yep. And I think it was like eight females to every, to one male they put So we could continue to make babies. Yeah. Repopulate Your So we repopulate very quickly. What the fuck? Or how about no war guys? How about that? How that, is that possible? is it possible to just fucking make friends with everybody? Yeah. How Jesus Christ. Can we all get along? It's a big ass world. Yeah. Is there a way to do this without killing hundreds of millions of people? You fucking idiots. Yeah. Rodney King actually, he was Right. Can't we all just get along?


Yeah. That's the first thing that comes up in my mind these days. Yeah. Can't we all just get along? Yeah. Yeah. And then nuts. Rodney King, voice of reason. Yeah. Yeah. Voice of reason. And Ronald Reagan. Well, yeah. Ronald Reagan, if you listen to his speeches today, he's incredibly reasonable. I mean We were told, like I grew up in a very liberal household and Reagan was the bad guy. Like everybody hated Reagan, trickle down economics. It's bad for the country. It's a bunch of greedy people. War Was longer. Yeah. Letting them control the country. You listen to him talk now You know one of the great speeches he gave in front of the un It it really got all the crazy UFO conspiracy theories.


Those, those guys went nuts because he said how quickly we would put aside our differences if We were faced from an alien threat from outside this world. It's a great perspective. 'cause it's so true. True. It's so true. We come together like that. Yeah. And we, we should be a community on, on a planet. And it is possible and an alternative universe with, with different circumstances that we could have evolved into a community. And it's possible, I think in the future, if, if big tech and these ideologies don't get ahold of us, we can communicate as individuals who realize that most of our differences are bullshit. And most of what's going on is the battle of control over resources.


And if instead human beings had the ability to communicate with each other and have real true access to information and know exactly what's going on and be able to relay what their concerns and needs are. Most people just wanna be happy instead Of keeping secrets. Yes. you know, it's the, it's the keeping a secrets You know from them. Yes. It's us and them. I mean Kennedy himself was, he was, he wanted to, for the Russians, to the Soviets to join our space program and do a joint venture to send a man to the moon. That's where he'd come to with Mm. This was during the, the test band treaty because You know it's the rocket secrets and all the rest of that stuff.


But if you can, you imagine putting their minds and our minds together Yeah. And doing this as a joint venture, there would have to be relinquishing of secrets because it's military. Right. That's why of course it all, they wouldn't allow that to happen. Right. But once you start doing that then and, and having that shared technology without keeping secrets from each other, that's, that's where people and nations do come together. Right. 'cause we don't mistrust each other because we're armed. We're armed because we mistrust each other.


Right. Right. And that's what Reagan said to Gorbachev in Vienna, which got the conversation going. Yeah. And Well now there's the same conversations going on right now with ai because AI weaponry and the ability to have weapons that don't rely at all on human pe Human interaction. Yeah. They, no, no people making decisions or pressing buttons completely powered by ai. Yeah. If that happens, this is a very, very dangerous situation. Again, Dr. Down there. No, no. Moral, moral, no ethics. Yeah. And this mad race is, again, this is the height of tech, right.


because you have tech people that are communicating about things to Congress where the people that are asking the questions really have no understanding of what these guys are doing or what, what's really possible and what's capable. And yeah, there's, there there's problems because they lose information. Like information gets stolen. And they're dealing with that right now. They think that China has access to the, the top level AI that we're producing right now. Right. There's a real Concern about that. And, and what are those, what are the, the, where do those attacks really come from? Sometimes even You know, concerned about that. is it Korea, is it China or whatever? Right. 'cause you can, you can mask all that, but Yeah, AI is, it does scare me.


But then, you know, it's called progress. And there is no going back from progress. No. It's what we Do. We just gotta we just gotta keep up. Yeah. We really gotta keep up. Now How do you keep up with that though? That's the Question. Everything happened so much faster that it, that they had a little, they had a kind of a running start with nuclear, nuclear bombs. You know. And that because it, it took a while to develop over time. And now things come along so quickly and You know, the more we know, the more we can, the more we can know. And yeah. It's, it's, it's a scary world.


So is the reluctance that people have to allow, like the, the, the resistance against this Reagan film, do you think it's resistance about conservatism in general? Or is it the idea that you're going to change people's perceptions about history? Because there's a lot of people, again, that have this very peripheral low information view of who Reagan was. And so they want to have this negative spin on Reagan in History. 'cause he's a conservative. I th I think You know Reagan was a great president. And I think it gets per perceived compared to Trump You know, because there are comparisons to Trump.


Right. And, and the things that if you get down to policy, there's, you know, there's a really good comparison to Trump. And maybe they see this as influencing an election by, you know, by that comparison or whatever. But You know it's a free society, or it's about ideas we're able to express and we're able to like, make up your own mind about it rather than deciding for people Right. About what it was. And the Reagan movie is, it's not about I ideology at all. I mean Reagan was a Democrat for 40 years until the last 40 years of his life.


Or 35. He was a Republican and it's about the Cold War and about his fight against com, communism and You know we won the Cold War under Reagan. And it was before that appeasement had been practiced in this country. Jimmy Carter, God bless him, You know he did really well with the Egyptians in Israel, in, in making peace in the Middle East. There was great about that. He wasn't so great with the i, the Iran hostage thing. You know, you remember the, the foiled disastrous rescue attempt You know back then it seemed like everything failed.


And, but with the Soviets, he, he'd appeased it like, you know, gave away the B one bomber. He gave away a lot of things without getting anything in return from the Soviets as far as reducing the threat of war. And they took that, of course, as weakness and started to really build up their military to, and their missile strength to unprecedented level Americans were, there's a lot about Americans that it's kind of sweet in a way. And that You know the Kumbaya thing.


you know, why can't all, why can't we be friends and just Yeah. You know the humanity. That's the good hearted, fantastic thing about America. But that's not the way the world works. We, we, we're all a product of the way that we grew up. We've basically grown up in this country with relative safety. And we have You know this, a nation that has had laws that You know form of law. And you do things the right way and the wrong way of what you consider. But You know. Can you imagine what it was like for Saddam to grow up in a Iraq or, or Q or, or, or Putin.


Right. And the way they grew up that makes them the way they are. And that Russians people had grown up the same way. So you start to get a sense of the, how the rest of the world doesn't operate on the same rules that we are. Right. They actually have a more realistic way of looking at things the way man has actually been from, from the tribal stage on You know You got the water and we want the water. Right. And we don't wanna share it. We want it ours. Right. Because you'll piss in it and You know it'll destroy it. So we want it for ourselves. And, but Reagan came along and You know he had, he had the idea to bankrupt them, to make them spin Star Wars.


He came out with Star Wars. He really got that name from the movie. The whole Star Wars thing, which is now the Patriot Defense System. You know over in Israel. It didn't exist at that time. It was decades away from it. But he made the Russians think at least 10% that it might be real. Reagan even offered to share it with him. You know, in exchange for let's take our missiles down to Zero. And You know, I got mad at him in, in Iceland when I think he, I thought he was acting like an old cadre because they came up and said, we're offering you this You know half the missiles or this or that.


And he said, no, he, because they wanted us to get rid of Star Wars, which didn't exist. And he said, well, you know, you have to get rid of Star Wars. And if we'd done that, the Soviets would've just gone on their merry way and been doing what they would've had been doing. But Reagan said no, and the Soviet Union came toppling down. but it, it was, it was great progress that he made. And it took a cold warrior hard asked cold warrior to be able to negotiate with them. And that's what we don't have today.


Right. Yeah. Did you, how much research did you have to do on Reagan before you did this film? Did you, Did you Do a deep dive? Yeah. Well, for one thing, I lived through it. I remember every single thing. 'cause even back then, I was, I was a big news wonk even though You know I had three channels, three, three news channels. And, and also when I, when I was offered the part, I, he was my favorite president. Okay. And I didn't say yes, but I didn't say no. He's like Muhammad Ali. He's known You know all over the world. People know what he looks like, sounds like and the like.


and I didn't want to do an impression impersonation like Saturday Night Live. Because what I, when I play a real person, I want to play it from their point of view. And sometimes that mean that, that means warts and all. you know what are not just like what you did, but what are your insecurities? What are your, what do you really care about? How do, how'd you feel when you got jilted? Did You know or whatever that make us up who we are in the end. And it took me a long time to, to, to say yes. But I went to, I got invited to the Reagan Ranch, which was the Western White House back then. And when he, when Reagan died, some friends bought it and left it exactly as it is.


He and Nancy's closer in the closet. Whoa. Yeah. You expect them to come back. They didn't change a thing. And the only guy that was up There was John Bartlett, who was Reagan's secret service guy. He rode with, rode horses with every day. So, but it, I go up five miles of the worst road in California and get to the top of the mountain, come through the gate, and I could feel him. I could just feel him. And every square inch of that place, You know. and I could feel he was a humble guy. His, his library with every book, is it a big bookcase with every book going back to like nine years old, the printer of Del is there.


And, and, and they had a king-sized bed. but it was two single beds zip tied together. Huh? The house is 1100 square feet. You know, maybe two rooms of this. And very simple. And you know, this is the western White House. All the You know the, the appliances are ge. 'cause he, he was a spokesman for GE back then, and he bought that place after he was governor. But either he didn't have much money or he was really cheap. But, but, or he wanted to live simple. Yeah. He, he knew how to live simply. It was You know it was this person.


I felt, I felt him. And then You know in the research, he was an actor and he had a sunny, we both have so dispositions too, I think naturally. And, but I, I don't think one of the things about Reagan, I don't think he ever got to where he wanted to get as an actor, I think was one of the disappointments for him. And You know his career was going at towards, at the end when he married Jane Wyman, who was You know, who wanted a Academy award like the next year. and I think his self-esteem was, was actually pretty low at that point.


'cause he was looking for a purpose in his life that he never found until he got the, the, he ran for and was elected vice president of the Screen Actor's Guild and then president of the Screen Actor's Guild. And that's not a job that anybody, as an actor you aspire to be. Right. Right. But it's like when God shuts a door, he opens a window somewhere. And this was his entry into politics and You know that's where that road started. Mm. And at the time that he was, that he was president, the Soviet Union, they found the files after they fell, by the way, in the Soviet Union, they were trying to infiltrate the media of course.


And into movies and through the unions to, for control of that. And that was his, in earnest I mean there were fistfights in union halls over it that he was, that he was involved in. And he did a lot of great, the reason we actors have great health insurance is because of Ronald Reagan, by the way. Really? Yeah. No Kidding. He was, in fact, that happened, that happened in, I think it was 60 or 61, and he wasn't even president of the screening actress Gull. Then he had been, I think like six years later his term had run out. But he came back and got that ran through because that was the right thing to do.


That was when he was a Democrat. Wow. Yeah. He got us I mean. We have the best health insurance of any union I could think of. And that was because of Ronald Reagan. That's wild. Yeah. The the whole film industry is in deep trouble with ai. That that's gonna be a real problem That's Gonna decimate jobs Or it could be a future source of revenue for my kids and grandkids. And after that, well they want Dennis Quaid to, to do a movie. They just created Me.


Oh, that's true. That is true. Well, didn't Bruce Willis sign off on something like that? I think he signed off on allowing them to use it because Bruce obviously has a, a horrible condition. Aphasia. Yeah. And he can't act anymore. Yeah. and I think he signed off on digital rights for something, some limited aspect of that. I was, Kesh was, what is the name of that? The boy band thing That's a Dirty, dirty. It's a, it's a documentary about the, the guy Peterson, I think is that started the Boy Bands You know in Sync and that they had a documentary on him.


No, Bruce Wills didn't sell his likeness to a deep fake company. No, that's A deep fake Despite initial reports. So what did he do I mean? He was in a, They did something like that. But like the com the company didn't own his likeness or anything. Like he did a commercial or something where they used His likeness. Oh, so he only signed off on this one thing? Yeah. Oh. So they're saying that he signed up. Interesting. Well anyway, this documentary, they take this guy and they take old footage of him and they put other words in his mouth talking to the camera. Mm. You know. And you believe it I mean it's seamless. Right. You can't. So yeah, it is scary in that way.


It's also could me for great things, you know, as well. We can You know we can for computing ability. You know that would take years and years, you know, to take a couple of minutes. Or if you're making a movie and you want to, you can go out in an empty stadium and just create a crowd that doesn't look like cutout pictures. Yeah. Which was You know, I think of course it takes away extras, You know, ability to earn it, dur earn a living. but it also means that you can make a, like a $4 billion movie instead of a $40 billion movie. Right. You know And get smaller movies and more people have access to making movies.


That's true. So, you know, that's One way of looking at it. So it's Also, it might eliminate actors that's Possible too. Well that wouldn't be such a bad idea. As I can say. You're kind of You know, You know, Fully established As long as I could play golf and somebody else comes to the set digitally. Okay. Do you think that, Do you think that expressing your conservative viewpoints and, and doing this film on Reagan, do you think this ultimately has the potential to hurt your career? I don't care anymore. You know There was a You know, There was time that I, that I was kind of concerned to kinda like speak my mind or speak up.


But in this really, in the last couple of years that I feel it's really important that we, we do all of us speak up and this election, everybody's gotta choose the side. And we have to, in order to have this exchange of of ideas and dialogue, we have to speak up. And so, like I said, they, they, what I was doing Reagan they There was a, a story that was, that came out that I was taking money from the CDC $400,000 You know the, the Trump administration had arranged so I could do a commercial on for the vaccine that was coming out.


None of which was true, but You know. It was like my son even called me like freaking out You know. 'cause they, it was just like I was gonna get canceled over this stuff. 'cause I was taking, I guess, taxpayer money from the CDC You know making money off this. None of it was true. And Where'd it come from? Did they find the source? I have really have, I really have no idea. And something gets circulated in social media. So I, I really don't know. But that, and I remember when Trump, when Covid first started, I think it did a, I think it was Politico that I did a phone conversation with.


'cause I, I was involved with this podcast company that You know We were, that We were promoting and it You know, just happened to be a covid. And the guy asked me what, what I thought about the way Trump was handling, handling the, the, the, the Covid. And I said, well, at least he's there every day. You know he's there every day trying to do something. and I think when it comes to things like this, we need to get behind our president as a whole You know to come together to fight this thing. Just like You know, just like Franklin Roosevelt getting behind You know during World War at the start of World War II in order to, well anyway, that became that.


I was a, you know, right wing trumpster and that, you know, supposedly in danger of getting canceled over that. And, and then I also gave a speech about Reagan to the group in Florida after I, we'd made the movie and I think there were two people that were January 6th people just happened to be there. And by association, you know, that was gonna be, my agents called me like freaking out over, over, over that they were like, it was gonna be canceled. They just like being told to You know, just be quiet and let things go by You know.


And no, I just can't, I'm not a very good rule follower to begin with. You know. It's just, it's one of those faults I've had. But Good for you. Yeah, but not, I think that kind of makes you a good actor Too. Well, I just, It's a rebellious nature. Yeah. Well maybe that's debatable. But it's, it's, it's a lot of, there's a lot of rebellious people I know are really bad actors. But, but Touche yeah, there's a lot of that. Yeah. Yeah. But I just I don't know. I just, I I think we all have kind of a obligation you want to call it, or a duty or whatever.


We're mar we're citizens of America. We're citizens of the United States. We the country is ours. It's the people of the United States who supposed to run things right. And so we have to speak out. I hated when actors spoke out about politics. I remember the days like Richard Dreyfus or You know, or whoever would You know talk shows that it always just sounded like so stupid because of course they didn't know anything. But, so what little I know I do have to speak out about, and I'm sorry Richard, I prefer saying that about you, but you, He's very vocal now.


Yeah, He always has been. And but You know, I, I just, if they have the right to go on TV and talk about how, I've seen several electors go on there and talk about how Biden is like, I saw him, he was in great shape and why You know. Well, but I have the right to go on and Yeah. He'd talk about that. I'm voting for Trump because, you know, he, people might call him an asshole, but he's my asshole. Yeah. Well, we don't have the best choices today. You know. It's, and it's interesting that we put so much weight on famous people. We put so much weight on their opinion and perspectives on things.


We want a guy like George Clooney to be out there endorsing Kamala Harris and talking about the threat to democracy that is Donald Trump and all that. Right. We look Because he does it so well in the movies. You notice Tom Hanks has been very silent. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And just, you know, bla I, don't blame him. You know and You know. It's, yeah, we do. I also think that presidents are a reflection of who we are as a people and what our culture has become. you know, it's, it, you know, you can go back like Reagan reflected his time.


He probably couldn't, he probably, he probably couldn't get elected today. 'cause he come off like ke You know There was just kind of solid. but it You know. Along comes Trump. Trump swears, You know it's, it's okay. You know over time to say shit, fuck this. Whatever you want on weird on, on, on tv, you know, before that with cable news. And so, you know, now you can say it, but it, it took somebody like Trump to actually say it. Yeah. He was really the first one that opened up that door. Yeah. He was, Remember that speech that he gave about how you deal with China You know Andt say we're gonna tax you 20%. And then you say, listen motherfuckers.


Yeah. And everybody was like, Whoa. Yeah. I loved it. I was like, Me too. It's like you finally plain speaking, just like you said it before, You Like an actual human being. Yeah. Because that's how actual human beings talk about something. Respond. Yeah. That's what the emotions it brings up in, you know. Yeah. And that's what you feel I mean. I guess Obama was the one, first one to really truly use social media in You know. In a, in in a way because he understood it. Right. And started Trump I mean he was tweeting. Right. You know. It's probably why the polls didn't really reflect what was going on. 'cause people were just reading his tweets. Right. Yeah.


Well the treats are so ridiculous. He just, he can't help himself. Yeah. He's gotta insult people and go after people and like that's how Yeah. He made his career I mean that was him. Yeah. In the public Guy started with Rosie O'Donnell. Yeah. Which is, yeah. I remember in that feud that got in that was like so ridiculous back there. So leave that Poor lady alone. You know I do cringe sometimes and stuff, but I, I know where he is at the bottom of it. That he really does care about the American people and he really loves this country and he's really smart. Really smart. And he knows how to deal with foreign policy wise.


Which is a huge thing with me because it it could, it has an effect on everything else. Yes. Our culture, our economy, You know, just the way we feel inside. Yeah. And you know, I think he's so much, he's, he's best for that You know. I just hope he, I'd like to say focus more on the issues. Yes. And be very disciplined about doing that. Because every when he goes off that they love that. Yeah. Any chance they can make it personal. They love that. I also think that he gets sucked into some things that I think are traps and I.


Think one of the traps that's been set least recently is the use of computer generated imagery with Kamala Harris's campaign. I think he got sucked into a trap because he How was that? Because He made a post about how the crowds that were at the airport to meet her were fake. Right. And that it was CGI. Right. And a lot of people thought they were CGI and There was a lot of people tweeting about it, that it was CGI. and I was looking at it and I was like, this is interesting because it's so obvious. Why would they do that? Well the one of the ways they would do that is to put out fake images or put out the idea that there were fake images so that he makes this post, he Would bite On it, he bites on it.


Yeah. And then they go, actually there's video of it. It and then they can go back And really video when the crowds and all that prove that it was Exactly, Exactly. 'cause been so used to like Biden doing a rally and you never see the size of the crowd and you can feel that there's nobody there. And because you know, there's tepid applause, You know. And you hear also you can individual hands Hire people to go to those things. Yeah. It's not difficult to hire a crowd. You can get a crowd to go to a comedy show if you wanted to. Yeah. You can get a crowd to do almost any you I mean. Also they did this very wise thing, the the Harris campaign where they would have famous singers, free bar You know they would've famous singers and entertainers perform there.


And then she would be there as well. Right. So people would essentially a free concert. So they're basic A concert. Exactly. Yeah. Not hard to get. Not hard to do. Especially you have a big urban environment. Yeah. You wanna get 10,000 people to go to a place. Not hard. Hey. And granted You know what it did energize the Democrats when Joe stepped down. Oh yeah. Because There was, They knew there were fucked if you stayed In there. Yeah. They knew it. And Every time we talked it was getting worse. There Was a ray of hope and somebody young. And so all the Yeah. All the people that, you know, they've, they got volunteers and they You know they're going all in. Yeah. Supposedly. Unless they really abscond the Republican agenda, which it seems like she's trying to do You know.


That's what we You know. Clinton did that actually in 94. He was gonna be a lame duck president and he was going down and he, his response was in the state of union is address, he said the age of welfare is over. And he basically took over the Republican agenda and we had like six years of just incredible. The economy was, it was amazing. It You know it was a force. And You know she started with Kamala now is You know taking over the whole No tax on tips.


Yeah. Try to take that over. Trying to say that she's never was the borders are and that from day one, she's gonna do something about it when she's, I think there's like, what, four or five months left in the administration right now. Yeah. You know. Don't you do about something about It now also denying she was the border czar when there's hundreds of people talking on television calling her the border czar. Oh yeah. It's nuts. Yeah. That's The craziest I Joe Biden himself Yeah. Said Border Czar. Yeah. They said it on CN Czar and then CNN later saying she was never the border czar. Yeah. Oh she wasn't. Yeah. Well why'd you say it back then? You guys are misinformation. Yeah. So, or they, she did go to the border.


She went to the border of Nicaragua and then, and the, and the bordering country or whatever. You know talking about the root cause and all that stuff. Well, yeah, the root cause it's, Well it seems very coordinated, doesn't it? The border thing? Yeah. That that, that one I really want to know like, what are they trying to do? What's the end goal here? I mean? It seemed the obvious thing would be for the old idea that, that that's for voters. That people coming into this country are naturally Democrats. But that's not really true. You know, I have so many la Latino friends and the people that came here the right way, they can't stand what's going on.


'cause they, they, they really can't. And Right. And they have a tendency to really kind of, to get families and churches and stuff to be, you know, become conservative and believe in the American dream. And that's, so that's not true. I mean the other, only other thing would be the power, I guess. And you create kind of, you have definitely have less Republican votes I guess. They think with that and you create chaos and you, which is kind of another kind of like, kind of Soviet tactic that they You know if you want to foment revolution, that's what you do. Create chaos. Yeah.


So You know that's really get into a conspiracy theory for that. Right. But I just I don't see the sense of it. No. And then I have people like my housekeeper Josie who, you know, who was over here illegally for so long in her life. But then finally I said, well, You know, in fact, when Trump was gonna get elected in 2016, she was like really, really afraid. And I said, You know what he's, he's, we have to do this the right way. I'm, I'm gonna apply for citizenship and I'm gonna sponsor you. And so we started the process then You know got her green card and everything to, and she's, she went through her citizenship test with me, which she was doing.


She's failed twice. But I went through the citizenship test with her. She got everything perfect. But she goes over there and she gets treated like I like dirt You know. Right. Really. Whereas, which Is crazy that people trying to do it the right way get treated like Shit. Yeah. And she gets treated like You know she's doing something wrong or whatever. And I know she's, she can pass it because I went through the whole thing with her randomly. And yet if you come into this country illegally, they're gonna pay for your hotel. Yeah. They're gonna gimme a thousand dollars to spend. They're gonna, you know, gonna, that's so insane. Gonna flee. What state do you want to go to? Yeah. And you know, we don't get those rights.


Well it's just insane when we have so many poor people in this country that are US citizens Yeah. That aren't being taken care of. And you're just letting people, veterans come here. Yeah. Veterans, veterans. Letting people come here illegally and giving 'em all this money. Like what's the end game? Yeah. What is the end game? And also Ka Harrison, 'cause he's the mayor of New York is is complaining about it. Yeah. Well he fucked up. Yeah. He called it a sanctuary city We. were welcome anybody. And they're like, great. Yeah. Come on down. Yeah. Well also, Kamala Harris has said that terrorists aren't coming in through the border. That's not true. They've arrested terrorists coming The border. Of course. It's, that's been going on for a very long time. Yeah. I mean even back to the Bush administration where they would send floods of like kids. They, the cartel would come down to You know people way down in Mexico said, we're taking your kids.


And that's it. And you couldn't say a single thing about it. The cartel runs Mexico, I believe You know that's fact. And just bringing 'em to the border and in a flood of sitting in a flood of kids or whoever to across the border. And in embedded in that, or or terrorist, you send, you know, you extend in a thousand with four terrorists and it, you know, the odds are a lot better of getting in here. Yeah. And that's been going on for a very long time. And But it's just never been as porous as it is now. Right? No. Because now it's not just porous. It's like an open invitation. Yeah. Which is just insane. And then if you wanna come here from Europe, like say if you're a mathematician or something like that, or even a friend of mine from Estonia, he's a comedian.


He is trying very hard to get his green card. It's very, it's a difficult process. Yeah. But if you wanna come here illegally, all you have to do is walk. Right. They, they'll let you in. They'll give you a cell phone. They give you money, they'll put you up at a hotel. They give you free food. It's crazy. Just back there. They throw away their IDs and everything. Yep. you know, before they come across the board you can say you anybody Yeah. From any country. Yeah. No genetics testing. Yeah. No questions asked. Just, oh hey, nothing come to a future court date. Maybe. Yeah. It's seven years. Mayor, what state would You like to go To? Right. And then the court dates are years ahead. So you get to live in this country illegally subsidized for years. And you would assume that those people are gonna vote for the people that did that for them. and I think that's part of it.


The issue. Yeah. And You know a lot of, there's deals made with the cartel and all this stuff. The cartel. is it like the cartel is charging? is it $5,000 a head at You know, thousand $5 a head times 15 million. What does that come to? That's a lot of money that Jesus Christ You know that. I think basically our government has been paying for a lot, You know, subsidizing them over there and dealing with the cartel. And it's, the world has turned upside down. It really is. From, at least from the world. I, I want to, but you know, I'm old and so I don maybe not so relevant, but Not true.


I don't, I don't think that I don't think that common sense. I think it's always relevant if you ask me. It's relevant. Yeah. It's very relevant. Everything's relevant. It's, it's also like everybody recognizes that this is not the best course for everybody, for the whole country. Regardless of if you're, you're a left wing person, you do not want terrorists sneaking into this country and blowing up cities. You don't. You don't, you of course you don't. No. So if there's an option where they can get here easily and quickly, you would wanna seal that up for everybody. Yeah. Even if you're a kind person that thinks we should make some sort of a path to citizenship, which I agree. Like you're housekeeper. I agree. Yeah. Absolutely. There should be some sort of a path where people who here look, I'm the grandchild of immigrants.


Pe the PE people came across because they wanted a better life. but it was easier to do back then the twenties. Yeah. Not hard. Get over here. That's true. Once you're here, you can settle down. Yeah. I mean there should be a path. And that's one of the things that made America so interesting. 'cause it's a melting pot of all these ambitious people that came here from a place that sucked and they, they carved out a life. Yeah. Yeah. There should Be a path come all for immigrants, But shouldn be everywhere. From Everywhere. Legal path. Yeah. From everywhere. Just do, do it the right way. Right. It's better for everybody. Yes. Better for everybody. You know. That's, that's just the way it is. I mean as it is now. It's just at You know Venezuelan gangs or Yep.


You know All, we're all moving into the same neighborhood. It's very much What do you see The You know back in, back in New York days? What The Aurora Colorado apartment building? Do You know that issue? No. Okay. There's a apartment building in Aurora, Colorado that has been taken over by Venezuelan gangs. Yeah. And so they essentially, no one can collect rent anymore. The gangs Correct. Collecting rent. They're evicting everyone out of the building and they're controlling this building and everyone's aware of it. Yeah. And it's been basically Squatting at, or the laws using the laws of the united Exactly. Yeah. Because Colorado's incredibly liberal. Right. And that area is incredibly liberal.


Yeah. And so see if you can find that story on the Venezuelan gangs taking over the apartment building in Colorado. There was a, I was watching a news piece on it today where they were You know, expressing this real confusion and frustration that There was nothing that they could be doing about this. And that they, they have different doors have Xs on them. The red Xs are when people have been evacuated from the apartment, it says that they shut it down. They shut down slumlord a apart. Wait a minute, slumlord. Well, are they saying anything about the the gangs? That's what I Googled is It says they. Oh, they're calling him slumlords. Don't. Oh. Oh. Aurora evictions draw attention to owners neglect at other apartments.


Yeah, maybe that's true. But what about the gangs? That's What I Googled And this is what pops Up. Yeah. See that's the problem with Google. There's some stories. Okay. Special task force that. Check that out. Okay. Here we go. Yeah. Special task force investigating Venezuelan gangs alleged ties to Aurora. Aurora City council officials say that apartment complex on Nome Street is closing two decode violations. But some council members allege there's more to the story. So this is what I've been reading. What I've been reading is that these Venezuelan gangs have occupied this thing. The gang known as trend d Aula started out as a prison gang in Venezuela, has expanded throughout the western hemisphere. Last month, the Biden administration designated the gang as a transnational criminal organization accusing it of engaging in hu human smuggling and trafficking gender-based violence, money laundering and illicit drug trafficking.


Aurora Police Department, in partnership with the Raven Task Force, has assigned four de detectives to a special task force that includes additional local, state and federal partners to investigate the violent crime impacting our migrant community. So Aurora PD spokesperson late Thursday. Yeah. Well they've taken over apartment complex. Yeah. The city is closing near Colfax. In Peoria. Interesting. So they just basically take over an apartment complex. Yeah. And there ain't nothing you can do about it. Yeah. Type of situation. Yeah. You can go through the courts all you want. Well, especially if our laws are so lax. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


That's not good. No. And if they're all flooding in through the border and these are the type of people that are flooding and those guys aren't coming over legally, the Venezuelan gang members. So that is Oh no. That is an effect of what this Basically, especially Venezuela. Yes. I mean. You know. That's been going on for a while. People trying to leave the country and then they empty the jails. Yeah. Like Castro did. Empty the jails and let them come out that 'cause the gangs are their political force that You know at some point they become a political force. Yeah. Because how many that takes. But You know that's what they're doing. Especially when you have The warfare almost. You have things like defunding the police and this lack of appreciation for law enforcement.


Yeah. And no cash bail. It's just a slap on the wrist. All of it is crazy's. You can beat up cops and it's okay. You can beat up cops as an illegal immigrant on, on film. Yeah. And you just get let outta jail. And the kid's given the Tupac double fingers to the Yeah. Yeah. Oh man. Crazy. Well this is, this is what is the end game of this type of behavior and how is there no course correction? That's what's scary to people. And what should be scary to people because this seems like if I, if I wanted to throw the country into complete chaos, that's how I would do it. Of course I'd have gangs come in through the border. That's the way Stalin did it. You know. Yeah. They were involved in bank Stalin in his, earlier, earlier his career that they robbed banks.


Wow. That's, that's what they did. They You know they were a gang and basically mayhem. But they You know they robbed banks to finance You know the cause. Crazy. What a weird time. Yeah. Well listen, Dennis, I, I appreciate you very much. I've always loved your movies. Hey on man. I really enjoyed talking to you on Yeah, really it's a Lot of fun. Couple of conspiracy theorists just getting together, talking it over. Couple Of loons, Getting that adrenaline rush. Oh, when does Reagan come out? Reagan comes out August the 30th. All right. Well and I'll be watching quite A few theaters actually. There it is. And I'm very proud of it. I, I love the movie and I number one, hope people that entertained.


And also if you were born before in 1985, you can go to this. Remember how great this country used to be. And if you're after 1985, you can see it and you can realize how great this country still could be. Alright, thank you very much brother. Appreciate you. Thank you. Bye everybody.