
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. What's happening? Man. Pleasure to meet you. Nice to meet you too. It's always so odd when you've seen someone in so many movies and you meet 'em in real life. You're like, eh, real person. you know? It's strange, isn't it? Yeah. Well, You know, I, I You know I do have that same thing myself. You know when I meet somebody that I, I work, I dig or whatever You know I'm, I'm still just the same fan that I was, you know, before I even got into the business. You know I met Daniel Day Lewis in a Motel eight in Canoga, New York state.


And we, a guy, guy saw us and he said, you know, do you mind if I take your photograph? So we went out into the car park of this motel aide and this guy took a photograph and about, I know, seven or eight months later, a copy of it arrived in my house in Australia. And the guy had basically just You know, written Russell Crowe Australia and sent it to me. So I have a copy of it, and it's a funny thing, You know, it was like, I was there, it was the Boxing Hall of Fame. I was there with Angelo Dundee and he was there with Barry McGregor. Yeah, there you go. Oh Wow. Yeah.


That's awesome. It was, it was just unexpected. And You know. It was, it was a cool thing. He was such a nice fella too. Got Daniel D. Lewis is a real legend. 'cause he's one of those guys just like disappears for a couple years and makes shoes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just, just a real artist, Just quirky stuff and then just gone and suddenly comes back with a You know, A vengeance and a fury. Yeah. And go, oh my God, look at that. Yeah. Yeah. He's, you know, some of us have to work for a living mate, you know, he's probably got independent wealth. Well, he is just a different kind of human. you know, any guy who can just walk away like that and just decide to make shoes. Like that's a Yeah. That's the real deal.


Oh, It's, it's pretty special. Some, Like, some people try to pretend to be quirky. You know, they try to pretend to be eccentric. And then there's, there's the real thing, Then there's the actual eccentrics. Yeah. The actual eccentrics are so fascinating to me. And yeah. For a guy like You know to meet a guy like that, he's, he's one of those odd ones. But you are too. It's like, it's always, it's interesting to hear from a person that's, that is a guy like you that still feels weird to meet people that are You. know that you've admired their work. I always feel the same way. and I didn't, I always feel like this is gonna go away. And then I'm like, Nope. Russell Crowe. Oh wow. I met Dennis Quaid the other day. Same thing. It's like all, it's Dennis Quaid. Cool. Just seems so strange.


Yeah. I, if I was to explain to my You know childhood self, my 10-year-old self, what was in front of me and the people that I would meet and the things that I would ex they would experience and the the contacts that you, you know, have come along in my life, it just, my little brain would've just exploded. There's just no way I could've possibly imagined. Right. Like, this life was gonna unfold in front of me. How could you, I mean, you'd have to be so ambitious. You'd have to have the most crazy expectations possible. Yeah. and I would, you know, my, my first thing when I was leaving school is that just don't have a boring life.


Just don't You know. Find some way of like being able to express yourself. You know, my first job outta school, my first official job was working for an insurance company, commercial Union Insurance, inputting the details of policies. Oof. So not off to great start. Oh Man. But it was a funny thing though, 'cause I, I learned, you know, a lot in my short time there in, in the summer before I'd worked as a nightclub DJ and I got fired 'cause I couldn't talk, I was too nervous to talk on the microphone. Wow. So I have to like, five or six weeks they shuffled me off.


You know, and the guy really You know, dug what I was playing and how I got the dance floor moving and everything. But, you know, he says, you know, I I need to sell toasted sandwiches, man. You have to tell people that the kitchen's opened, You know, So, you know, I, I left school partway through the last year. you know, in New Zealand they have a different thing where you have a bursary year after normal high school finishes. And in your bursary year, if you achieve to a certain degree, you get money towards a university degree. you know. But it was clear to me in that last year, my dad was outta work and that I wasn't gonna be able to go to university. We couldn't afford that sort of thing. you know, It would only would've cost, you know, three and a half or four grand or something like that back in the day.


But that was beyond our means as a family. and I started working at this insurance company, and I was the only person in the building of a big insurance company who had actually passed matriculation into university. you know, the, and the general manager of the company, you know, sat me down to tell me that one day, you know, you're the only person with, you know, the higher school certificate, what they call university entrance in New Zealand in the building, you know, and I just watched this thing unfold. The coolest dude in the building was this salesman. Right. And he had a beard and he wore kind of cool sunglasses and everything.


and I, remember the day he bought a new pair of shoes and all the girls in the building went, oh, have you seen whatever his name is? New shoes. And, and they were all fluttering over him and stuff like that. And this guy was the best salesman they had and blah, blah, blah. You know. And in the time that I was there, I watched those new shoes, get age on them and start cracking at the side and stuff like that. You know, 'cause he obviously used them a lot. Did a lot of walking around talking to people You know. And just as I was leaving, I overheard a discussion where he was planning on getting some new shoes again. and I was like, yeah, I definitely, definitely don't wanna, Don't Wanna be that guy. I don't wanna be here.


I don't wanna be that guy. You Know I had a similar situation when I was driving limousines. We were driving limos. And it was one of my jobs that I was doing when I was trying to make it as a standup comedian. And you would work long hours, like if you tried to leave after eight hours, they'd yell at You like they wanted you to work 12, 16 hours a day. And There was this one guy, and he had a Cadillac. And the boss pulls us aside. He says, look at this guy over here. He's got a Cadillac. He makes $60,000 a year and he doesn't have to bust his ass. You know he's sitting down all day in a nice car and driving people around. And this could be you too. I was like, I gotta get the fuck outta here was my first thought. 'cause I knew that guy was working 16 hour days. Right. That's all he did.


All he did was work and Yeah. He had a nice car. I'm sure he had a nice house. Right. and I was like, I gotta get the fuck Outta here. Yeah. I gotta get the fuck outta. Sometimes people like that are good for you. They're like, the universe puts him in front of you, just so you can say, this is a trap. Yeah. Well he is your example. Yes. You know. Yeah. So what do you, what do you want Option A or option B? Did you ever meet anyone who was an actor? Did You know of anyone that had made a living doing that? Well, all through my life for sure. Because my parents, at a certain point in time were caterers on film sets. Oh. So that's how I got my first job. Oh, Wow. To my, my mom's godfather was a, a TV producer who's famous in the Australian industry.


Not so much anymore because the generations passed, but he was the tightest producer to, to work for the cheapest bastard on the block You. know what I mean? And he was famous for that. And I mean, I still know Jack Thompson today. You know, I, I did a scene with Jack Thompson when I was six years old, did my first line of dialogue on camera. Wow. With him, made a movie with him playing his son when I was 25 or 26, something like that. I bought a property near where his property is in the bush, because he was kind of like a, you know, a mentor.


You know, not You know. I mean, he still talking about an hour's driveway, but in the bush, that's nothing. you know? Right. And you know, I still know him today and he's in his eighties now. You know. So I had people like that. and I, like when I was 12, I went to a, so I did an acting job when I was six and another one when I was eight. Right. And then I kind of forgot about it for a while, You know. And then I went on a school tour of a TV studio, and it was a TV show called The Young Doctors was being made in that studio. And There was a a bit part actor, a guy called Roy Harris Jones, who had been on a couple of shows that my parents had done.


and I liked him a lot and blah, blah, blah. I hadn't seen him for years. And there he was on that show. And You know, while the other kids are there going on their tour, he goes, are you here for an audition? I said, no, I haven't, I haven't done anything like that for ages. And he goes, well, come on, let's go down the corridor and meet the casting director. So I split away from the tour. All the other kids go off and You know, this is a camera, this is a control room. They're doing all that stuff. Wow. and I go down and the casting director had a minute. So she sat me down and talked to me and all that sort of stuff. And two weeks later I was back in that building, shooting a character on the TV show. Wow. So, and then that kind of reignited that part of You know My Imagination, but You know, coming out of school and everything, I really thought that I was simply going to, you know, I was gonna go into music.


That was my thing. You know if I was gonna pursue anything, it was gonna be music. But basically I would accept any job that allowed me to be in a position of entertaining people. So that's why I went into the You know the nightclub thing with the, with being a dj. And my first night, the second time, 'cause You know, obviously I'd failed the first time around and, and been fired because I couldn't talk the second time around. I'd auditioned for this place, but they hadn't given me the job they gave to somebody else. But they ended up firing him after two nights. 'cause him and the guy that ran the club didn't get on. you know. So they called me up on a Sunday afternoon and they said, are you free tonight? Can you come and DJ at the club? We've got a bunch of 1950s records.


'cause it's a 1950s music only club. you know, have you got a turntable? You know? And I said, I've got one. So I went in that night with like an orange plastic sharp turntable. Right. Plugged it in through the headphone socket and played these records. But I had one turntable so I couldn't switch. So I have to talk. 'cause every time a song finishes, I have to pick up the needle, the the arm, pick up the record, You know, get the next one, put it down, then put things. So it was, it was just a crazy circumstance. It was like, it was created to make sure that I absolutely broke through whatever that fear was immediately.


Now that I had another chance, You know, I ended up staying and You know, working pretty much full time for about four years in, in that job. But it, it expanded a whole bunch of other stuff because the guy started getting me to perform on stage when You know the guy that I was working with. Once he started hearing my songs and everything, he said, all right, okay. On the third set, the end of the night, you come on just do your songs though. You're not allowed to do songs. People know. Oh wow. So I'd like have to go out. People have been listening to these, these old classic 1950 songs all night. And now there's some young pimply bloke in front of them singing Bullshit You know. They're like, whatcha are you doing? But it was a real, you know, baptism of fire. You know. He also had me tour with him You know.


So we would be on, you know, Thursday, Friday, Saturday in Auckland in the big city. And then Sunday through Wednesday we're You know in a Truck and a car and everything. And we're touring, we're going playing in these other pubs and stuff. And he, he fancied himself, you see, because all an anachronistic thing. You know his whole life, this guy that I was working for was about the 1950s of War Blue Sweat shoes or Winkle pickers. Stovepipe trousers, drape coats. you know, he, he had a Cadillac, probably the only Cadillac in New Zealand at the time, you know, and he had this thing about like, You know Elvis used to have a comedian opening for him. So somebody should go out and tell jokes before I come on.


Right. And so part of my job was to walk out and tell a joke that he had told me to tell. Right. I couldn't make up my own material. Right. And these jokes were fucking terrible. They were just You know trash and, and trying to make that thing work. and I, like one night I said to him, why You know, why don't you let me just go out and say something actually funny or whatever. He goes, because I want people to be happy to see me. Right. Oh my God. So he set it up on purpose. Absolutely. He actually said to me at one point in time, never ever as a performer, never ever bring somebody on stage who's better than you.


And as I was a guest for him on stage every night of the week, I was like, oh, right. So you're telling me I'm shit. The only reason I've got the job is because I'm shit. 'cause I make you look better. But I You know, in my own sort of performing life, over time, I changed that rule completely. I only ever bring somebody on stage who's gonna absolutely shred the room. you know? And over time, you know, with the live performances, You know we've had guests like Elvis Costello Oh, wow. Sting last year, Michael Ble got up with us. He did an Elvis song at the end of a, a show just at the Sydney Opera House. Actually killed the room. Rita Ora got up last year, Rizza from the Wutang clan.


Whoa. He got up, he's a maid of mine, Bobby Diggs. He, we got up in a, like a 350, 400 standing room, only little pub in a Alain, an area of Sydney. And then suddenly p the wrists on the stage. It Was cool. Wow. Yeah. So I learned a lot from him, but I didn't learn the things he was trying to teach me. Well, that's a great philosophy to have the best people going in front of you there. We have a similar problem with that in comedy. Like a lot of like big name headliners that like to bring terrible opening acts. Right. So they're like a hero and they rescue the show. Right, right. But I, I have the exact opposite. I have your approach. Right. I try to bring the best people possible. Yeah. Well it makes it more fun. It's more fun for me too.


It's more fun for the audience too. Yes. you know what I mean? And that's the whole, the whole thing about live performance is catering for the audience. Yes. You know the energy of the show. Yeah. What do you enjoy? Do you enjoy one thing more? Or do you enjoy both things? See, That's a very difficult question to answer without pages of nuance. You know, Because I enjoy nuance. Well, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll give it a go. The bottom line is I love my job. I love working on films. Every single day that I'm walking towards the camera, you know, I will have a plan. I know what I'm about to do. You know and I chose to be here.


Right. I work with lots and lots of actors who just took the role because of blah blah. Right. They're not really there because of the work. But when you know the job and You know that you're talking about 4:00 AM starts, you're talking about, you know, minimum 12 hours a day. you know, you're talking about working in extreme conditions and stuff like that temperature wise or you know, somewhere kind of whack to get an amazing shot. you know, when you know the job, You know how hard, it's, you really gotta have your reasons for being there. You know what I mean? So I'll read Scripts and I will generally do the one that got under my skin.


You know it can have a great pedigree, it can be a wonderful director. It can be have another great cast. But if I read it and I don't get personally attached to it, I just don't do it. And then I'll read something else that everybody else is like going, ah, it's kind of dodgy or whatever. But there's like, oh, that scene, it gets me that one. I want do that. I want to be the guy doing that dialogue. you know? Yeah. And so You know, I know exactly why I'm at work, so when it gets hard and it gets difficult, it doesn't worry me because I chose to be here. you know? Yeah. So I don't have that thing that, that some actors have of, of like getting disgruntled with it, you know?


Sure. You know. It's, it's my employment, it's how I pay for everything. It's You know and all of those things. But it's also my, like a deep, deep passion You know and stepping into the shoes of other people and experiencing You know to a degree, things of somebody else's life or learning a new skill or whatever it happens to be. This is exciting for me. And I'm 60 years old and I still dig it You know what I mean? I don't have any You know, because that one simple thing, I know why I'm there. Yeah. At 4:00 AM when they, when it's like a ball busting wake up time because you had a big day the day before. I, I know why I'm there. So it's, it's sort of like my motivations and stuff are, you know, very clear in that respect.


you know, now with music, it in itself is its own reward. You know to play a song, to sing a song, to be with a group of musicians and to sort of gel on something together. It's just like, thank you very much. That's the reward to then put it in front of a crowd and then have that immediate response. You know, obviously I work with a lot of actors over the years that come from a theater background. And even though I've done a lot of theater, I come from a rock and roll background. I come from Outer club. I come from You know, standing on that stage singing Mywe be 16-year-old songs, You know 16 You know authored by a 16 70-year-old. And to me, that's my reset place.


You know people who talk to You, like Anthony Hopkins, I was working with him and he'd done a, a series of films. This is way back in the nineties, You know and I think he was off to do a season of King Lear. And he was really happy about it because for him, that's a reset. You go back into that place where you came out of and you get all the benefits of doing the same performance over and over again. So you get to You know, squeeze all the, the different character sort of parts that you can You know and, and enjoy it. And that that's his reset. But for me, walking out onto a rock and roll stage guitar in hand, where I do not know exactly what's gonna happen that night because every audience takes things in a different direction.


You know. That's my reset. You know. And so like jumping, that's me jumping out of a plane and I I love doing it. You know. Yeah. They, they have different, different buttons they push. Yeah. I mean it's, it's performance. But you know, there's a visceral thing that happens with in front of a live audience. Yeah. you know, that just doesn't happen in the sterile environment of a film set. You know, and you can have wonderful creative relationships on a film set and great collaborations and all that sort of stuff. The same that you can have in music, You know. But there's that other part of it. There's that thing that sort of, I dunno, it, it gives you something back, man.


It fills you back up again. you know? Yeah. Well you're creating an experience for people and they're enjoying it in the moment and you're all sharing that moment. I always feel bad for people that have never done something like that. Right. Never performed in front of a live audience and gave everybody a great time. 'cause it yeah. It's, it's like, yeah. I, I actually understand what you mean because it is, it is something to, to have in, in your DNA. It's a rare gift Yeah. That a person gets to live their life doing that a lot. Yeah. You know I was, I was thinking about what we might talk about and there's a story I like to tell if you're into it.


It's quite a long story though. Please. So, back in the nineties and the thing about this story is it sort of like just casually shows you how much of a circus the film industry can be You know what I mean? And part of the attraction of it when I was a young actor and you know, and you know, later in my twenties moving to Australia and doing theater and, and stuff like that. And then looking at film people as sort of like a rare breed, you know? And then you get into it and you realize you've gotta be pretty much crazy to do this. You know, sort of like this You know. But over time it's gotten definitely safer, more insurance conscious and all of these things, you know.


But back in the day, not so much, you know, everything was about just getting the shot. You know. So 92, it's the first time I go to Los Angeles, but I'd already made a bunch of films in Australia and I'd been to the Cannes Film Festival. So my first time traveling outside of Australia and New Zealand was 1991. So I was like 27 or something like that. You know. And then the year after, I, I went to LA and got an agent, but I'd won a bunch of awards in Australia and, and my films had been around to different film festivals and stuff. So There was an awareness of, of what I was doing in the, in the industries so to thing, so to speak.


and I got this phone call to go and meet Bernardo Bertucci, the Italian director who won the Oscar for the last Emperor, fantastic director You know. He also did Last Tango in Paris and a bunch of other films. And I was really excited. I was like, wow, fantastic. So I get to Bernardo's house and he's watching a football game. It's Italy versus Brazil, right? He's got a bunch of people over to watch the football. So I'm sort of just, oh, You know because I thought We were having a meeting. I didn't realize it was a football game on. And Italy didn't do very well. I got beaten by Brazil. So I never had a conversation with Bernardo because after the game, he just went off to his room or something to have a cry.


I'm not sure. But I met his wife and her name was Claire Pepler and she was a film director and You know. She said, look, You know I encourage Bernardo to You know invite you to the house 'cause You know, I know he wants to talk to you about something, but I wanna talk to you as well. I've had this script. And she gave me the script and it was called Miss Shumway Waves A Wand. and I was You know very much in the independent film world at the time. So that sounded like a good title for an independent film. You know and I read it and it was pretty good. It was based on this book. and I liked the character. So I sort of, you know, responded to it and eventually ended up doing it.


And Bridget Fonda was signed on as the female lead. So that was cool. you know, she was pretty happening at the time. I have a funny thing that goes on with my brain if I'm like faced with, I'm reading something and there's a like a, a difficult moment in something that I'm liking, right. Where my brain just goes Hmm. To be dealt with later. Right. I'll worry about that when I have to. You know Mean and There was this scene where a spider would crawl into the mouth of the character I was playing. I was thinking, Hmm, I wonder how they're gonna do that CGI or something like that.


You know. Alright. Anyway, so off we go on this adventure and we're shooting in Guatemala and Mexico and it's an extremely disorganized shoot. you know, we don't have nothing's right. you know, at one point in time for seven days we lived on Fri beans and rice in Guatemala because they hadn't made any arrangement with any kind of catering company or anything, you know. So that, and that was the only thing that they could get easily. So it was breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Fri beans and rice. Wow. You know. And they ended that week, one of the guys on the film crew found this like cafe that sold some form of grilled meat.


And we all just like went there in the middle of this rainforest and ate this meat and realized later on it was more than likely We were eating the monkeys that were running around the trees around us. 'cause everybody got really sick. Oh wow. Really sick. Anyway, so we're going through this, this experience, and we eventually get back to Los Angeles and we've got You know, like a couple of weeks shooting in LA and we go out to a place called Lancaster, I think it was There was an old film studio out there. and I see on the call sheet. Oh, it's the Spider Sing. You know. Cool. So as I arrived at the, the studio, this guy, this producer comes out to meet me and You know Russell, everything good.


And I said, yeah, cool. So We, were shooting the spider sing today. And he goes, yes, it's gonna be, it's gonna be great. So everything, you're fine. I said, yeah, cool, but how are we gonna do this? Is this gonna be like a CGI thing or whatever? You Oh no, no. The tarantula man is here. Yeah. Fucking what? The tarantula man's here. And he has shown a, a variety of, of creatures to the director. And she has chosen the largest, it's could be a great day anyway, good luck with it. And off he toss, you know. So I go inside and they show me, look, he's a piece of carpet. You're gonna be lying down here. The carpet matches a place where You know a hotel room would shot in.


And so what's gonna happen is you're gonna lie down here, they're gonna place the tarantula on your chest. The tarantula Wrangler will give it a little tickle. And as long as you keep your mouth open, it will head directly for your mouth. They always look for places to hide. So you've just gotta keep your mouth up. He'll tickle, tickle, tickle. The tarantula will run up here into your mouth and then the guy will pluck it outta your mouth. You know. I'm like, okay, cool. So they turn on all these hot lights, right? I lie down on the ground, the tarantula gets put on my chest. Now tarantula bigger than my hand, right?


It's a serious spider. Now obviously I've lived in Australia most of my life or whatever I'm used to spiders, You know that was a large one, right? So on my chest, tickle, tickle up and comes up and comes into my mouth, right? And boom, the guy plucks it out, done. and I'm thinking to myself, good little spider one take wonder. Fantastic. Did everything we need. And I'm like, cool. So that was good. They go, oh no, no, we're just gonna shoot it again. We just have to adjust the lights. Second take, third take. Now one of the things that the producer had said to me in the car park, right? Looked me in the eye and said to me, it's not dangerous to use the tarantula because before doing something like this, they milk it of its venom.


So it's perfectly safe. You know. So I've taken that on board, right? So we take two, take three, take four, roundabout after the fifth take. Now these lights in that room are very, very hot and my body is starting to really warm up, you know? And we are taking a long time between takes, resetting lights and all that, you know. But You know, after about the fifth take, I get a moment to talk to Tarula. Man, You know how you doing all that sort of stuff. Pretty cool that you can milk the venom from the tarantula so they can do things like this. And he just looks at me really confused and said, you can milk the wa. Okay. So what I thought was my only safety net gone, right?


So take six, take seven, and I'm starting to really get hot. These are, you know, I wouldn't be surprised if they're old clea lights, you know, because it's like, didn't look like anybody had used this studio for a long, long time, you know? And I'm heating up. And at one point in time it was about take seven or eight and the spider just stops on my neck and starts to sort of like spread its legs out and just sort of like grab at me You know, and it sort of pulsing You know. And then I'm sort of like just lying there going and then the tarantula guy tickles it up and goes, you know, and I'm kind of like, well what is that? How long does it have to sit in your mouth for? Oh, it's only just a couple seconds.


As soon as it started going into the mouth, the guy would just grab it out. You know, because they can cut around that, right? As long as they see it going in, then they can cut around it to make it look like it's disappeared in there. You know. So take eight, that happens. The tarantula stops on the neck, take nine, we're done for the day. Right? So nine takes with a live tarantula crawling into my mouth, right? The next day I wake up and I've got a rash all over me. My, my legs and my chest and my arms You know. So I call production, they call a doctor who's You know, knows about these sort of things. He comes over to see me, he goes, ah, okay, Alright, see were you hot yesterday or Saturday?


Very hot You know the lights and stuff that he goes, right, right. And the spider stopped and yeah, right. And he goes, okay, see tarantulas on their legs have these very fine hairs. So fine in fact that they can easily go through a pore in human skin. So currently what you have going on is your body is full of of Tarant Phnom, but not enough to hurt you or even make you just, you're just gonna have this rash. So here's this ointment, take this pill. A few days from now you'll be right You know. And the reason that I wanted to tell you this story and your listeners is, because you can check this, you can Google away, you can, I'm pretty sure in the history of cinema, I'm the only academy award-winning actor who's ever been fucked in the neck by a tarantula.


Was that what he was doing? Apparently I just decided that was a good spot. Just Decided I was a, I was moist and juicy and it was gonna have Its way with me. Oh. Yeah, I know about those fibers. Those fibers are nasty, right? They, they cause a real problem with people. I was, I was hoping you weren't gonna say you were allergic to to tarantulas. No, but I did find out I was allergic to one of the things that they tried to fix it with. It comes up quite a bit. You know every time I've like had major injuries and stuff, there's, I can't even remember the name of it now, but there's the, the go-to thing that they inject into you to take away the initial pain.


Cortisone. Yeah, cortisone. I'm allergic to cortisone. Oh. yeah, Oh. Yeah. Odd, isn't it? Yeah. That is odd. That could be a real problem. Especially if you don't know. Yeah, well that's when it was round about. Then I found out. God damn man. So is that like the most uncomfortable you've ever been in a scene? Oh Hell no. Really? Oh no man. I had to go into the water on the southwest coast of Iceland, shirtless for a Darren Aronofski movie. How Cold that water is, man. Oh. yeah. you know, 15 minutes you're dead. Yeah. You know, just walking in there and I had to drop into it chest first, right?


You know Noah collapses into the water or whatever it was. But it was weird. I hit that water and like I'm, you know, splayed out like that. But every muscle in my body Contracted. It was like I hovered back out of the water. You know, it's like I hit the water and I came straight back out, back onto my feet. I dunno how I did it, but it was so cold. Yeah. But you know, I mean, temperature's one thing. You know, and you, you tend to, in the film business, you know, if, if you, if the script says that it's bright and sunny and you're in The Bahamas, you're probably gonna end up shooting that somewhere far away from The Bahamas and it's gonna be freezing.


you know, it's always like that You know, it's like a given that whatever it says is gonna be the opposite for it. You know the whatever the most comfortable way of shooting that scene might be, there'll be something that makes it uncomfortable. But You know, I mean terms of discomfort on comfort on film sets, You know physical discomfort when you're doing fight sequences or things like that. You know. 'cause they can sometimes take a long, long time. I, I shredded both my hamstrings while I was doing Noah. I flew back to Australia to watch a football game. Actually my football team that I bought in 2006 at finally made a preliminary final after many years of trying and I wanted to be there to witness it.


We ended up losing the game. So it was a waste of money. But I flew back to Australia and it was also coincided with my youngest athletic day at school. Right. and I was doing Noah. I fit as a bull, strong as an ox. Absolutely. So I rock up to the Little Athletics Day You know. And they asked me if I would step in and do this, you know, little running race, you know, thing. So I said, yeah, yeah, cool. you know, so one of my son's friends was in the race and he was coming last. So I ran up behind him and I was talking to him about, you know, about going fast or whatever, but I had to really sprint to catch up to him 'cause I was a long way back. And I hadn't really noticed that all the kids, because I was up behind 'em and got really excited and they jumped up and they're all standing on the finishing line, right?


And so I sort of You know I got up behind and I let him like just pass me then so he could win. They all go crazy and stuff like that. But then I have to put the brakes on, but I put the brakes on and my hamstrings went p I'm lying on the ground. Like I like vibrating and my little boy's there and he's only like seven or something at the time. He's like, hi dad. That was fun. You know Dad You know. and I couldn't talk. He was like, oh. It was like unbelievable man. And There was a teacher who'd seen what happened and he went hamstrings and I said, I think so man. And he had some tape. So I just taped my legs up under my shorts. And then he helped me stand up.


and I had to get on a plane that night and go back to the film set on Long Island and run to the Arc with 5,000 extras, You know 50 times with, you know, I mean, I think You know, we, we, we had a, a rain tower set up. That's the biggest in the history of cinema for that You know. So I'm getting rained on with these gigantic drops. I got 5,000 extras around mate. Actually, no, not 5,000, maybe about a thousand extras around me. And I've got no hamstrings and the scene requires me to run. And because I've taken time off the set, everything, I can't tell anybody that I've injured myself. I just have to get on with it, you know what I mean?


I didn't want any insurance problems or anything else. You know. So that was, that was crazy. And that sequence went on for days. So it was like, and I literally meant was just getting like KT tape and just taping them off. Jesus Craig both hamstrings blown having to run. That's insane. Yeah. But at your skids, your cool You know your kids' athletics thing, it was like, that's just such a cliche. It's Like ridiculous. Yeah. But I think it was to do with the fact that You know, even though I warmed up that morning and I went to the gym and I went on a bike ride and everything and I, I, I got there You know in good shape.


It was like, must have just been the hour sitting around watching the races and everything just cooled me down too much and then having to stop so suddenly just to make sure I didn't barrel into those kids. But yeah, that was, that was definitely uncomfortable. What are the rain towers? How do they do that? Well, they basically get big cranes and they hoist up grids that are laid with hose pipe and the pipe comes down the tower to a water tank. And at a certain point, You know they turn on the pump and they operate like sprinklers basically. But if you imagine like a metal grid in the air where every Jing point of pipes is another sprinkler head and I think we had two and a half football fields worth of You know where, where we could soak with a, at the push of a button all the rain starts and You know.


Holy shit. Yeah. 'cause you see the, I don't know if you've ever seen the movie, but there's these big wide shots of all these people running towards the ark and there's rain falling. So we had that, that whole area had to have rain. So here it is. Yeah. Right. That's incredible. That's all done with Towers. Yeah. That's after I've already, I think I've already run in at that point. It was such an intense movie because the story is so crazy. Yeah. It the, it's the the time old story of the savior of the human race after God's Wrath. Yeah. There's a Lot of weight playing a role like that. Yeah. A little bit. Yeah.


What I thought was that the, the funniest thing with that stuff is when that movie came out, all of this sort of pushback press about how You know, oh look at this. Darren Aronofsky, this New York elite has made Noah into a story about the environment. It's always been a story about the environment. Whatcha talking about? Yeah, This is about a flood mate. Literally like, what? But It was just so weird. And it was like article after article, pushing back as if he had done something You know against Christianity or whatever. By by By connecting it to The environment, by acknowledging that this is a story about our environment and how we treat our environment and blah blah blah.


You know. Yeah. I, you know, I I I quite enjoy the film, but it's harsh. It's a harsh You know telling You know. But he did promise me, Darren, at the beginning of that experience, he said never at any stage, which I thought was funny 'cause he was riffing off a thing that Ridley Scott did. Ridley Scott said, I promise you, you don't have to wear sandals and I promise you, you never have to lie on a couch and have somebody feed you a grape. So let's do a movie, a Roman movie. So Darren's version was that never at any stage will I have you at the proud of an arc flanked by a giraffe and a lion.


Because the funny thing with Noah man is most people think they know what's in the Bible. But in reality what most people know is what they read in the Golden Circle Children's book of Noah You know they've never read the very few mentions that there are in, in the Bible or the other religious writings which cover his story. 'cause there, there are other writings from, you know, pre biblical that You know never made it into the, the Bible, you know, The epic of Gilgamesh. It's a very similar story. Right? Yeah. Okay. There's the, there seems to be some sort of a historical tale that is repeated through many cultures of a great flood.


Well it, it, I don't think there is an ancient religion that doesn't have a flood story. Right. Yeah. You know. Yeah. And we can see it. We can see and and, and date it and everything with how we can You know, view our, our world now with the science that's come along. So it, there's, there's no doubt that There was a flood, you know? Yeah. Or has been many floods probably, you know. Well the, the real hardcore people think they've located Noah's Ark, they've located the remains of it on Mount Ara. Yeah, yeah. There's this bizarre feature in the rocks. Yeah, I've seen that. That they believe, I've seen that is where it, it apparently it matches the Bible's description of the actual size of the arc.


Yeah. It's hard, isn't it? Well 'cause because if that's there yeah. We should be then be able to, to have definitive proof then It seems like somebody should have gone there and figured that out yet. Right. I, yeah, it's probably been discredited. Would you, you ever familiar at all with the work of Randall Carlson? Do You know who he is? A little bit more context. Randall Carlson is an expert in asteroid impacts. Okay. And he kind of specializes in this theory about the younger driest impact. Right. The younger driest impact is somewhere around, they think there's multiple times has happened somewhere around 11,800 years ago. And again, somewhere in the 10 thousands Right. That this is what happened that caused the end of the ice age.


This is what caused the, the great flooding across North America. Right. And doesn't that, that that date coincides with what would be the end of Gobekli Tepi, right? Yes. Right. Yes. Coincides with that. And, and it also, there's a lot of physical evidence of it with core samples. And this, they used to be kind of a fringe theory, but they started doing core samples and they found a high level of iridium, which is very common in space, very rare on earth during that same time period. But what's really interesting about this guy is he got this idea when he was overlooking this enormous canyon while he was on acid. And it occurred to him that this is because of not just a river that ran through this for thousands and thousands of years.


He felt like it was one immense event that took place. He just had this bizarre vision of this immense event that took place. And now they're talking about those cataclysmic events not being something that is a build and, and through a period of time. Right. It's talking about it being immediate. Right. Yeah. Immediate. So it's like ice A day this happens. Exactly. Yeah. His, his work is absolutely fascinating, very controversial of course. 'cause it goes kind of against the conventional idea of what happened with the Ice Age. But he thinks the Ice Age ended almost immediately that something slammed into the ice caps, which were at that point in time between one and two miles high in a gigantic chunk of North America.


And that these asteroids slammed into it. And that's where these features that you see where it looks like, I dunno if you've ever seen some of the overhead features, but it literally looks like over massive amounts of space, huge water had rise. You know how water, when it goes over the sand, it leaves these kind of humps and ridges where the water had washed over. Well there's physical evidence of this all throughout, like the Pacific Northwest. You can find these things and he thinks that's, that's what ended the Ice Age killed off 65% of the megafauna in North America. And that it happened, like that happened very quickly. Right. And that's the Noah's arc story, right? I mean it's, that is it that that is the story, which is why it's so fa it's so interesting that people want to dismiss biblical stories.


You know and they say, oh, woe was an oral tradition for a thousand years before it was ever written down. Like Right, right. But what was it based on? Right. What the fuck happened? Something happened. Every culture has a story of something like that happening. Yeah. Very likely something Happened. That's when I was doing the, the research building up to it. I was quite surprised. 'cause in my naivety, I actually You know had considered, it was only a like a Christian thing and I didn't realize it was touched on everywhere. You know until I was doing that film. Yeah. It's did do you ha was there any hesitancy in taking on a religious character like that with such significance to it? No, that was the exciting bit.


Yeah. Yeah. It was a very busy year. It was 2012 in that year. I just, I played Superman's dad the year before and been on I mean. it was the fittest I'd ever been. I worked with a guy called Mark Twight. You ever heard of him? No. There was this company for a while called Jim Jones and they were considered to be the hardest asses in the physical training business. you know, it was very, very difficult to become a Jim Jones trainer and stuff. And Mark was the guy that trained the trainers and he got assigned to me. Oh my God. The things that he put me through.


But it was all great. And we remained strong friends now because we did some shit together. you know what I mean? You know. I like that kind of mateship You know what I mean? Yeah. You've, you've been in the trenches or whatever, You know. And so the following year I was, I played the mayor of New York and I Think called Broken City with Mark Wahlberg, which is, it's, it's funny, that's one of those performances that people just haven't seen. But I, I quite rate that, that performance. And then I did Lay Miz with You know that all that beautiful cast and sort of spent three or four months on that and then straight into Noah.


So I was, I was exhausted before I started You know I'd had three really big jobs in a row. And then to drop into that, which was, it was a lot of physical stuff on that movie. And, and Darren shoots a lot. So those big wide shots, you're still doing the same action as you're doing when you're close in. So you're sort of working You know pretty hard. But I think if, if anything You know, I was really excited by the fact of like of, of being able to delve into that I would've preferred what I'm getting at a little more time. You know what I mean? Mm. 'cause it's the, the quiet contemplation that really fills you up for the thing that you're about to do.


And when you're coming straight off one film set pretty much onto another, I think I had a gap of about two or three weeks. It's not quite enough You know what would You like what would you do if you, if you had all the time that you wanted, Go and talk to people You know, go and talk to people who've got a perspective. I would've probably wanted to spend A little bit more time with some Jewish scholars. 'cause there's a lot of You know writings adjunct to the rah about Noah and get to the bottom of that. But I really didn't have the time. So I just had to sort of plow into it with what, what I had, which is You know a beautiful two volume Old Testament and, and New Testament that Darren got me.


So that was the beginning of, of the research. But You know there's not really much else you can do. 'cause you can't go and look up, you know, old photos or anything. Right. You know. Right. So you're pretty much stepping into that world. Try. So trying to understand Darren's perspective on it and what he was trying to show that, you know, there had been a big civilization already. So There was a, a civilization prior to Noah. So you are already talking about, you know, a post apocalyptic world that they're living in and another apocalypse is coming, You know, and it's all based on You know human behavior and what have you. There's a sequence in the film that some people miss where like Noah is looking into these people who are all You know, sort of the ones who've allowed themselves to give into their base desires or what have you.


And within the group of people, he sees a man who looks like a rat, You know gnawing away at a body of something, possibly another human. And it's him. So he sees himself on the other side of that. So Darren had a lot of cool things going in the movie. A lot of great I ideas and You know outside of America was a huge hit with massive hit in places like Russia or Brazil or whatever. But I don't think it's really considered to be a hit because it didn't hit the box office in the United States. But I don't know, it's three or 400 million or something. It's bizarre that there's controversy attached to it being that it is about the climate.


It's bizarre that that's become a, a weird political point and that it's, it's so ideologically connected that people either oppose it or go with it with no information other than the fact that my team believes this. Yeah. Yeah. It's a bit odd. The the fucking environment, the very thing we live in that that, that's a political angle is so strange. Yeah, it is so strange. 'cause it's You know there, there's a whole lot of different things that I, I think not necessarily on the money, but the bottom line that the burning of fossil fuels is having an effect on our air quality and You know how we receive sunshine, et cetera.


That's irrefutable fact. Yeah. You know you, you can't sort of make up your own opinion on that because it, there's just too much stuff to prove that that's going on. And it has been going on in our entire lives and it's just been getting worse. The same things were being talked about in the early seventies when as I was in primary school that are now actually physically happening. You know, but it's, you know, some people just wanna see it as You know yet another game or whatever. And it's really much more important than that. It's strange because it also, the problem with having this ideology attached to it is it stops the real research to, to actually be able to objectively understand what has the most effect.


Like what is, what is the thing that's driving us the most and what is the thing that we can do to mitigate that? Yeah. See I think things like You know the cows farting, I think that's misinformation that just gets thrown out there. So to, to sort of spread the blame or whatever. Because You know, we are told over and over again that There was so many more animals on this planet. Yeah. At a certain point. Okay. So if we've killed off You know 80% or whatever of the animals that existed, what about their farts? Yeah. That was a dinosaur fart. Yeah. Compared to a cow fart You know, I mean Well the thing is, What we're doing is very unnatural, right?


So we're we're serving them grain and we're keeping them in pens. Yeah. And then they're all the pig shit and the, the, all that stuff gets into the water. It's very different than a regenerative farm. An actual real farm where cows are grazing and then their manure fertilizes the land and it actually sequesters carbon. A real regenerative farm is carbon neutral. Yeah. It's not the issue. I run 220 Angus on my place in the bush and You know over time I sort of learn that all of those factory farming processes are just the absolute wrong thing to do.


You know, I mean, when I first had land and cattle, I used to love getting up in the Dawn You know in the darkness cow hat on stock whip and getting out and You know hurting them and all that sort of stuff. And then over time started to realize that that's not good for them. you know what I mean? That sort of stuff's not good for them. So we developed this system at my place where we have a single laneway and all of the other paddocks go on where the cattle will be, go onto that laneway. So, and the paddock can be, you know, a hundred acres or whatever, you know, but you can muster one man, soft voice, handful of grain, just open the gate.


You call out a couple of times they come towards you. You can get every cow in that lane way than you get up behind them, walk behind 'em, and you walk them straight to the yards. Now we've taken all the fun out of it, but it's just a lot more, it's You know, safer, easier, sensible. And we don't use, you know, hose pipes, we don't use stock whips anymore. We don't muster on, on ATVs, you know, it's either on foot or horseback. And we still use working dogs, but the cows don't get upset by the working dogs. They don't get freaked out by the same ways. They get freaked out by an engine roaring up behind them. You know. So, and the reason for that kind of pastoral care is because at the end of the day, 100% true.


The steak tastes better. Mm. if you don't adrenalize the cattle Right. If you don't abuse them. Right. you know, it's just better, you know, it's like more tasteful. It doesn't have You know, really adrenalized meat gets a very gamey quality, you know? And, and You know the stake that we serve on, on the farm. 'cause You know I only do all this. I don't operate it as a business. I started to operate it as a business for a while there, but kind of found out that everybody in the butchery game, it's similar to working with people that are, that sell used cars and they're only looking for the story. They're not really, they don't really care about the animal. And, you know, I do, I'm almost like You know and I was You know, laughed at for many years in the valley that I live in because of the way I care for their cattle.


But I can't do it any other way. It's gotta be, it's gotta be for You know they've gotta have a great life. It makes sense. It makes it's smarter. It's less karma. It's a better situation for them. Yeah. And they, they just feel healthier. And so I, I went fully organic at one point, right. Took us like five or seven years to get the certification. But then I would walk amongst the cattle and because we couldn't, you know, douse them because they were organic cattle. Now You know things like You know Buffalo fly and other little things would just all over them. and I thought, man, that's, that can't be good either.


you know, it's like having a kid, you know, and never giving the kid Panadol if it gets a fever. Right. You know by the time that kid's 14, it hasn't, you know, it hasn't overcome it. And it's not the biggest, best strong, it's this weedy little bloke in the corner. You know he spent most of his life sick 'cause he never got the medicine to make it easier for his body to recover. Mm. You know. And that kind of was happening to the cows. They, they lost a lot of weight and they just looked in distress. So I keep my pastures organic, but I do topical treatments for the cattle so they don't have to deal with ticks and buffalo fly and things like that. Where my place is, it's, it's, it's still considered coastal.


So we get all of the bity things that can affect them negatively. So, you know, and now I have that, that balance. I can't You know, sell the meters organic meat, but they're hand raised organic pasture. And as I say, they don't get adrenalized through their life. So when we do cu 'em, the meat is a profound experience. Mm. Yeah. Do you sell it online? How does someone get it? No. No. You, I, I don't sell it. You don't sell it at all. Well give It away. Well, occasionally there's one butcher near me that I trust. He's really into what he does and he will ask if he can have a couple of beef and I'll let him have it.


We do sell to some neighbors that we know are You know, needing A, little bit of assistance. I don't wanna sort of put it in any other terms, but You know we sell it to them, but we sell it to them for less than a cost to produce. So, and way less than they would be spending if they went to the supermarket. You know. But basically I have the cows to feed my family. So my kids are very snobby about steak. 'cause they've grown up with, you know, the best, the best You know the best you can. Well, anyway, the, the, the most humane way to produce it.


Yeah, for sure. How did You get started doing this? Like, what was, it seems like you're a very busy person to be starting a Yeah. Regenerative farm. Well, it comes from when I, I was getting A little bit of success. I could see things coming along and I sort of had a choice. I only had enough money to either buy a small apartment in the city Right. Or some land. And my mom and dad weren't in a great place. and I hadn't really spent a lot of time with them in the previous decade because I'd been out trying to establish who I was. You know. and I didn't really go home very much. And so what I did is I decided instead of buying an apartment in the city, I'd buy a hundred acres in the bush.


And my mom and dad could go and live there and basically they could start fresh and have a sort of a You know, a new experience. But I bought a hundred acres initially, but I, I think I've got like 1700 acres or something now. But once I had the land, then I started feeling like, well, you gotta do something with it. You know. It can't just be a hundred acres of a garden. You know. Right. And there's also that thing too, of like, you know, you're walking into farmland, you wanna see a horse, you wanna see a cow, You know you want to have something. So over time I started, I experimented by holding some cattle for a friend, you know, and I got used to what you had to do and stuff like that.


And they, they were big longhorn beasts and they were quite difficult to deal with. So that made me decide to go with Angus. But, you know, here's another story. You know I had 20 little carves down in the yards that were being picked up the next day. Right. And at this stage, I was living in a caravan 'cause I hadn't started building or anything on the, the property. And so I go to bed and at about two o'clock in the morning I'm woken up 'cause it's raining. Right. And I'm trying to get back to sleep. But all I can think of is these 20 little calves down in the yards and how the floor of the yards will turn into muck.


And these guys have been picked up the next day and they'll spend a whole night slipping over and sort of get covering each other with shit. And they'll be in great distress and blah, blah, blah. So about two 30 went, fuck it. Got up, got dressed, went down to the yards, trying to figure out how to get them outta the rain. I had a shed down there, but it was about 30 meters away from the edge of the yards. And You know, I looked around in the shed and I had enough bits and pieces to make a fence for one side. Right. So I could make one side of this alley. So then it's just me on the other side. So I got these big long pieces of wood. And then what I had to do was I had to get them running towards me.


Then I had to redirect them along that fence line. So they would go inside the shed. Now, while this is happening, it's pissing down rain. Absolutely. Like tropical rain. You know. And it took me about, I don't know, 40 minutes, something like that. So it's, it's deep in the middle of the night now to fix the fence. And then I got 'em running and they're coming towards me. and I could see one was about to jin away. So I had to sort of dance along with my, but it was amazing. You know I stopped that one little bloke and he rejoined the, the rest of them. And then they just went like clockwork, just so smooth straight into the shed. Right. So then in the shed, I, I laid out some hay and stuff and I left a little light on.


Yeah. You tell stories like that to farmers and they think you're an absolute idiot. Wow. What are you doing, mate? You Had to learn how to do it some way. But I think that's, It's, but it's just for me, the next day when the truck came to pick them up, they were all happy and Yeah. Healthy and You know, not covered in brown shit, you know, so, yeah. But, so I'm not really a Farmer, so, but I've got land. You kinda are though. I mean, that sounds like at least a, a practicing Farmer. I mean, you actually did it. Yeah, well we still do. And we, we still, you know, turn the meter out. But, you know, when I looked into it in terms of a business, you have to really have about 25,000 a head to make it a business.


you know, that covers you for, you know, when the, sometimes the price of meat goes down or, or whatever, or the, the costs around culling go up. and I just didn't wanna do it that way. I didn't want to have to be responsible in my heart for 25,000 living creatures when I couldn't be absolutely certain they were all being treated well. Right. So, and I think that's one of the big mistakes that we've made going into this thing of You know of farms getting bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger. Because at the end of the day, the thing that drops off is the duty of care. Right. And it's also the humanity of it all just gets so distorted when you have these f factory farming operations that you, you're not even allowed.


We have ag gag laws in America, so you're not even allowed to film there because conditions are sometimes Yeah. So horrific that it Damages the business. you know, we give grain to our cattle because there is, you know, a nice texture and stuff that comes to the meat beyond being grass fed. But we never put them into a feeding pen situation. and I think that that's also part of the, the best part of the balance. Because You know they're still walking around on their home range. You know this is where they're used to being, and then here's a pile of grain over here. So they supplement their grass with the grain as opposed to just being fed grain purely to put on size. So we, what we turn off man and I think it's partly to do with the fact that they stay active and everything.


We, we get a natural seven to 10% fat ratio You know. Mm. Which is the bottom end of the scale, you know, but therefore, to me, you're getting more protein and therefore what we're giving you when we give you a steak is like a, an absolute protein pill. It's a yeah. It's a hit. You know It's better for you too, physically. I think so. It Is. Yeah. It's been proven that the nutritional balance of grass fed animals is just much better. Right. They're just, they're not supposed to live entirely on grain. No. It's just like humans are not Supposed to live. But I think again, that balance thing of like Yeah. Their life on, on grass and then just before you call 'em, you give them A little bit of grain. It, it finishes them off, you know, and gets them sort of, you know, ready to be consumed.


But you still have the same benefits of, of the grass fed because you never stop that. Right. You know, and you've, and, but you have the thing of them being fit. 'cause you've never made them like stand still in a pen. Right. It's gotta be a cool feeling too, to consume only the animals at your place that you've actually raised. Like You know every step of the Way we used to. And when, when we, occasionally we'll have a, a fresh guest that's never been there before. And we'll do things like, oh, you're gonna love buttercup. She's such, she's just an Australian sense of humor. We just You know put somebody off their meal just as they're about to eat.


Yeah. Yeah. But I did use to name them, but I stopped naming them because that was an extra level of pain. Yeah. Yeah. And plus, you know, when you've got 20, they can all have a name. But when you're 220, it's a bit difficult. You Know. Well, it's, yeah. You don't want be naming something you're going to eat. It's just too weird. It's weird enough for people are so disconnected from where their food comes from already. Just the concept of killing it themselves seems abhorrent. But the concept of living without meat seems terrible too. It's just we're completely disconnected from the act Of how it gets to the plate. Yeah. We, we just go and see it wrapped up nicely at the butcher shop and we pick it up and, oh, 16 ounces. Thank you. Bye. And that's your entire involvement in the death of a living creature.


Yeah. Which historic I definitely think people need to, you know, have an awareness of it, you Know? Yeah. Because You know we're sharing the planet. You know. And they're helping us survive. So the, the very least a little Jew respect is, is in order. Yeah. And that's what we don't get from factory farming. We get the opposite. We get the worst elements of human nature that kind of put into this very bizarre food supply system that we have where You know at every corner in almost every city, there's a place where we can get a quick piece of meat. Mm. you know, quick, quick piece of meat of unknown origin. Right. Who knows how they raised it, who knows where they got it.


And We just trust in the fact that it's still consumable And it's just bizarre that you can get a cheeseburger for a dollar and 39, you know, like how much work was involved in this. Ah, Absolutely man. Yeah. And that You know, that's what I mean. It's like I, I know the dollar it costs me to produce the steak at that level. And there's just no way on the normal chain of how the business works that it's acceptable to have spent that much to produce it. Right. You Know. Do you cook yourself Oh? yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My mom was a caterer. Oh, right. So I love cooking. Absolutely. I How do You prepare a steak With farm steak? I use black pepper and I use lowry's garlic salt.


Oh. There's lots of garlic salts around, but that one's good. And it used to be available when I was a kid and they stopped selling it in Australia for years. So we'd have to You know every a friend was coming over. We'd say, oh, grab some garlic salt. But you can buy it again there now. But yeah, that's, that's, it's really simple. Just salt and pepper. You know I don't do anything. What kind of grill? Extreme I open flame and I, make it as hot as possible. and I actually put oil onto the flame to make it go crazy for a while. Yeah. 'cause I like to have color on the steak You know. Mm. I like this. Be a little, Does someone teach you this method? Or is there something that you devised over time?


Over Time? Yeah. I, I did for a while there. I was a, a short order cook and I cooked steaks. That's what I did every Monday night. This was like when I was working in clubs and my name was in the paper every week and my photograph was in the paper and stuff. But my mother said, you still have to make a contribution to the family. So if you are in town on a Monday night, you have to cook in the restaurant. So I'd do like cook 150 steaks on a Monday night if I was in town. And You know, just o over time. I, I cook it to my, my own taste, obviously. You know. So You use charcoal hardwood. Would do you Use I use gas most of the time.


You Throw oil over the gas. Yeah. Yeah. What kinda oil, Olive oil. 'cause I want, I just want that absolute heat so it sees the steak, you know, particularly when you first put it on the grill so it hits the grill and it's actually surrounded in flame You know That's your method. Yeah. Well that's, you know, that, that only lasts for a few seconds, but that's gonna give you the color that you want. Because when I put it down on the grill, I want the color on that side. 'cause generally I'm only gonna turn it once. So I want really, yeah. I want that first hit to sear the outside of steak. And that's the side that gets presented to the person that's gonna eat. Are you cooking a thin steak?


A fixed steak height? Doesn't matter. But normally we only cook You know sort of restaurant cuts. So our, I fill it, I think is your tenderloin. Our porterhouse is your New York cut. Well Port we have porterhouse too. It's like one, yeah. One side of the porterhouse is the tenderloin. One side of the port or the, it's the filet mignon. And the other side is the New York Strip. Yeah. See that's a scotch fillet. Oh, okay. Interesting. Funny. We have different names, so the same bits of meat, but yeah. So New York strip is porterhouse where I come from.


Oh really? Porter house on this side of the pond always has bone in it, right? Pretty much. Yeah. You guys don't No, no. That's a T-bone. What's your ribeye? Our what you call ribeye, I believe is tenderloin, right? No. So that's, that's our, I fill it. It's A rib steak. Okay. Yeah, The tenderloin. It's like filet mignon and then there's beef tenderloin. It's like this stuff that along the back and then underneath and then the rib meat, like right where the rib hits that portion or the very fatty rib steak. That's the rib eye and You know or a tomahawk. You get it with the rib bone on. It's a tomahawk, Right?


Yeah. Well our, our sort of t-bone is half New York steak and half I fill it. Okay. Right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We have that too. Right? Yeah. So yeah, I'm not a hundred percent sure of the over the top of all the, the different names for the meat in America. But yeah, they tend to be quite thick cuts. You know, I don't really, we don't really do any of our steak and a thin Cut. The first time I ever ate a steak in Australia, I was, this was like a long time ago, but before I, before I really understood the difference between grass fed meat and grain fed meat, I was like, this is different. It tastes weird. Tasted weird taste like, like richer.


Right. Like, you know, at the time, I don't even think I liked it at the time, I was expecting like an American style steak. Right. and I got it. This rich red grass fed steak. I was like, wow. A weird steak. Right. Doesn't take like, tastes like American meat. Right. But When was the first time you went to Australia? It was for A UFC. It was quite a few years ago. At least a decade ago. Right. Yeah. What Do you think of this one championship thing? It's great. Yeah. Yeah. Look, I like all of these organizations. I'm, I'm happy that there's more options for fighters, but one championship is huge. I started watching a daco about that guy the other day. I didn't finish it though, Tre. I like the idea that he's creating heroes.


That that's a line. He said, that's pretty cool. I got a project that we're gonna do at the end of this year. It's called The Beast in Me. And it's about that sort of mixed martial arts fighting Really. And he's come forward as a potential sort of partner and what have you. And, and he would, hooking up with him will give the film great production values because we'll be able to shoot at one of his fights and stuff. So you'll have a You know a crowd of 15,000 or whatever, you know Mm. That you haven't paid for. Right. Right, right, right. Which is good For a film.


and I, I did a, a rewrite on the, on the script last year. And it's really full of heart now. you know, so many times where people approach fighters, particularly in that sort of, you know, mixed martial arts, whatever, everybody's insane. you know what I mean? And that's just not really the truth. You know what I mean? There's some, yeah. There certainly are insane people. But in their hearts, You know, they have their own You know reasons for doing things and, and they're their own morality. And so they would never think of themselves insane because they're on a journey. They're on a pursuit. You know. Right. And that's why I think this script now has a, a real beating heart.


So I think it's gonna be a good project. Daniel McPherson, young Australian actor who's gonna be the lead in that. Well, There's, this is a good time for a real good MMA film. You know there's been some real good boxing films. The one that you did. Yeah. It's one of my favorite experiences actually, Man. Yeah. And the story of Braddock. I mean, that's an amazing story. Great story. Incredible story. Yeah. We had met like, funny resistance here with the release that the people couldn't get their heads around the fact that a movie called Cinderella Man was about a boxer Fucking America. It was just, It was like, really? That's funny.


It's, it's that hard to get, I, yeah, it was like, It's classic thing. Cinderella story is a thing that is always used in Sports. It's supposed to be a chick. Right. But It's used for men in sports all the time. Well, it, that's, it was, it was some famous American writer, Damon Runyon or whatever, who coined the phrase You know. He wrote that, you know, the story of James James James j Braddock is a Cinderella story. Yeah. And that's where he got the, the nickname You know. But I, I just You know, sometimes you're playing characters that you don't really rate as a person or whatever, or You know. Sometimes you're playing very negative characters. you know, earlier this year I did Nuremberg where I played Herman Goring. So that's gonna be coming out soon.


Looking forward to people seeing that. But Braddock was a, a such an experience man, because everything that I read about him, the stories I heard about him, I just liked him more and more You know, which can be a bit of a dangerous thing as a, an actor. I try not to fall in love with the character. I You know. What I say is I'm in love with the job You know. So if my job is to show you who that person is, whether it's positive or negative, You know, because it's kind of weird, you know, you can't fall in love with Hitler You. know what I mean? If you're playing that role You know what I mean? Yeah. So it's sort of like, so that's how I sort of keep the objectivity. But You know, I met Braddock's family and stuff like that, and they kept telling me stories that just made him, made me like him more and more You know.


So it was, yeah, it was an honor to be able to play that, that role really. And, and bring him back to a, a consciousness. 'cause people had forgotten about him. Yeah. What was the physical training like? It was Angelo man. It was Angela, come here. Okay. Kid. Angelo Dundee. Yeah. There's one row, one row around here. And that is, you listen to me. That's how we do it. Right. I talk and you listen and then I'm gonna teach you to open anybody up like a can of tomatoes. That's what we're gonna do. A kid, open them up like a can of tomatoes. Let's go. Wow. He was a great guy, man. I mean, what an incredible privilege to be given that beautiful man.


Yeah. In my life. You know with all his experience and his stories and you know, and his attitude to things, man. He was, he was like, You know. I mean, occasionally if you asked about somebody that he had a negative experience with You know, he would sort of like see who's around or whatever. And he would just tell you the pure truth. But for the most part, anybody you asked him about, he was like, ah, What a great Guy. You know and I. I asked him about it one day and he was like, life's too short for the negatives man. It's too short to have grudges or You know opinions. You know negative stuff. Like, just let all that go You. know what I mean? So, but You know then in reality he would have an opinion.


Yeah. But for his, the public part of that was to just like, be positive. You know. And he'd worked with so many fighters and so many different pursuits and, and under different pressures and what have you, Ali and Sugar Ray, blah blah, blah. You know 15 world champions. He, he coached You know. Wow. That's incredible. And the beautiful thing happens. You can see it in Cinderella, man. There's a moment towards the end of the movie, right where Braddock's won, he's won the world championship. And I'm standing in the ring and I'm walking towards my corner. Right. And this little bald man walks towards me, right. And it's just this shot.


I start laughing and I bend forward and I kiss him on his head. Right? 'cause he's walking towards me in the ring. And he was going number 16, baby number 16. And that's what he called me for the rest of his life. Whenever I saw him, he would introduce me to people as, this is my friend Russell number 16. Wow. Cool man. Right. But You know, I mean, a normal day training for that film. You wake up in the morning, you go for a walk, You know probably about five Ks, right? Then we'd go and do yoga, then we'd go and do the first boxing session, which would take us to lunch.


We'd have A, little bit of lunch, and then we'd do the second boxing session. After the second boxing session, we'd do weights. Then you'd have about 90 minutes off. Then we'd have dinner and then you'd go for a walk. And then the next day It would start all over again. you know, it was full on whose Idea was the yoga? His Really? Yeah. Yeah. That was the thing about Angelo. He had all the old stuff, but he was aware of all the new stuff as well. you know. But that thing, yoga is The oldest stuff. You know, just sitting You know. Well, I mean, but for boxing we did yoga. But you know, he, he only thought of as stretching, you know, mean. But it was, it was, you know, yoga and, and was like, he set the, the schedule and pace on everything for that film.


Wow. Yeah. I had him, I had him in my working life for six months. Man, That's incredible. It's just gold. Did you think about having a fight? Oh, we had a few Real ones. Yeah. Like in the gym, There's real ones in the movie mate. Really? Yeah. You get to a certain 0.5 and a half thousand, 6,000 choreographed moves. Right. You get to a certain point. How do you accelerate this? How do you change the rhythm? You know. So the fight with Troy, which I think is the, the last fight before the championship, that's 100%.


The two of us in the ring beating the piss out of each other. Really? Yeah. Jamie, see if you can find that. And He's really good. What Would be the scene? What would be the scene? We look For It. It'd be right towards the end of the film. And it, and it's just sort of like little sharp cuts. No, no, that's Mark. Some of those scenes. No, not that one. That's the, that's the end fight. So just prior to this, there's, it goes through a series of fights, currently forgetting the man's name, his first name's Troy, I can't remember his surname. He went on to become light heavyweight champion of Canada. And a couple of these guys are Olympians and stuff that were in the, the fight.


But the hardest hit I've ever received is in that fight with Troy. 'cause he was a Southport. And we both went in the same direction and we clashed heads, Oh fuck Me. And then we just had to keep going with the scene. Right. But I'm like literally seeing stars. It was like, it was like somebody had like, put a piece of metal through my temple. You know, we just, you know, we both moved to get outta the way and we just smacked heads. Yeah. This fight, that's all real. There's no choreography. Wow. And he was good, man. He was fast. And he was like on me all the time, Dude, you were fit as fuck back then. A, little bit You know man.


I was 40. Damn man. I was 40 at the time. So I weighed the same in the opening sequence of Cinderella. Man, I weighed the same as when I left high school. Wow. It was a great movie, man. You did it justice. Well, that's the thing, when you're playing somebody that's real, you know, you've gotta respect them, man. You've gotta, you know, you gotta put that effort in to You know, to honor them. Yes. You know? Yeah. Was especially someone as legendary as Braddock. Yeah. And, and the thing is, you know, you have to dial into his body.


You know his body language. You know, he used to do this little foot flick thing Right. To get himself around You know where he always, like, he would move his front foot first. He wouldn't cross his feet over at all. You know. So he is just sort of crabbing up on somebody. And then, and going back, You know, learning that, getting that drilled into my head because it felt so unnatural. You know. But it's, it's, it's there. And You know after a while you, you get it. I can, you can move quite fast here, you know, but that natural instinct is to sort of cross your feet over. But that leads to all sorts of Problems. Yeah. Yeah. It was, it was a very interesting experience during that movie.


And Ron Howard as the director, You know, I'd worked with him the year before on A Beautiful Mind. And he's a very exacting guy and he likes to do things over and over again. You know. So when we f first started that shoot, I and I, don't know if You know this, but I subluxated my left shoulder. I was doing a little fight with a guy called Wayne Gordon, another Canadian Olympian. And he just caught me on the point of my elbow and just put my shoulder out. You know. But because I was so fit at the time and so strong, it went out and back in. But it came back in with such force that it broke the, the bone. Oh. So I had to go and have an operation, tore the labrum tissue and, and broke the bone.


So I had an op and the, the normal recovery is like three and a half months or something. Right. But I was making a movie. I couldn't do that. So I You know. And they were gonna cancel the film. They're gonna just shut it down and all that. and I was like, no, no, no, no. I've waited for years to do this film and I, I've already done the training. So I I we've gotta finish this. Just give me You know X amount of weeks and You're allergic to cortisone. Yeah. Which was You know We were really problematic on that situation. You know. But 20 days, on the 21st day, 21st day of rehab, I stepped in the ring and did ten three minute rounds on the 21st day after the operation.


So, but that has led to ongoing problems, which the doctor did say at the time, if you try and cut this short, you are, the arthritis you're gonna experience when you get older is gonna be mind numbing. And he's absolutely right. Have you ever gotten stem cells into it? No. I've been starting to talk. I've got a friend in England, he's actually from Austin. How long are you in town for after this? Do I leave tomorrow morning? What time tomorrow morning? About 10 or 11 or something. I might be able to get you treated before then. Really? There's a stem cell clinic I work with in town way too. Well. Incredible. This Is the thing, I think it's the family of the guy I'm talking about. Really? Yeah. Yeah. He's, he, I met him here. I don't know if You know this man, but way back in the day, Austin was my place.


Really? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. We, we came here in 2000, 2001. August 14 or 15 is 30 odd foot of Grand State as governor Rick Perry at the time. Oh. He declared it that because we bought so many tourist dollars into town, you know, in the middle of August. And You know, bringing, you know, 2000 plus people who have flown in got a motel and they're gonna go to a rock and roll show over at Stubbs You know. Yeah. That was the thing. And it's funny 'cause when we haven't sold out this time, we are here. We, we play tonight, but we haven't Where Are you at tonight? Stubbs. I love Stuss. Yeah, it's cool. That's, we did shows there. Dave Chappelle and I during the pandemic. Okay.


Yeah. When everything was shut down. Right. We, we tested the entire crowd and did outside shows. It was awesome. Oh cool. Yeah. Great venue. I went there first just to have some barbecue with and had a conversation with Rodriguez, the director, you know, who, who lived here. And then, you know, a year and a bit later I'm walking on that stage. It was unbelievable. We were, I was here to record at Willie Nelson's place and we said, why don't we do on Fridays, we'll just do little shows in town. Right. Cool. So we booked a play at Stubs. 'cause a friend of a friend knew Charles Atal. And the boys had set stubs up. And, and while You know I was in England working on another thing before coming here, they just said, Hey, these tickets are going crazy, so can we go outside?


So we came here, I, I think We were here recording for a month. And every Friday night we'd go and do a full house outside at, at Stubbs. Wow. It's cool. And then we came back the year after in 2001 and raised some money for like an abused girls shelter. You know, but I haven't been here since 2001. Man. Wow. Lots changed. Place has exploded. It's exploded. There's 250,000 people back there. Yeah. You know. It's nearly a million now. It's a million in the city and another million in the surrounding areas. Yeah. But coming in from the airport. Yeah. I was like, I I can't even, I don't know where I am. You know. Yeah.


The, your viewpoint on landmarks and everything is, it's just completely changed. And You know before arriving, just yesterday, You know I had an absolute picture in my mind of what I was about to experience. Right. Because I came here so often in a two or three year period that You know, I would tell you that I know the city like the back of my hands. You know what I mean? I driving in from the airport, I was like, it's just gone. Right. It's not the place that I, that I know. Well, it's changed a lot in the four years that I've been here. Right. It's exploded. Yeah. Look at all the cranes downtown now. It's crazy. It's still going. Yeah. It's bizarre. I think that's a mistake. I think they're kind of fucked. I think they kind of overestimated.


'cause the real estate market has cooled down. Oh, has it Considerably Oh. yeah. Because whoever was gonna move here, moved here. Right. you know, and then it's like everyone was expecting that the boom would keep going. Going. Right. But it hasn't keep going. It hasn't kept going at all. It's, it's gotten to a a million stall point, A million's good saw for city. It's about perfect. Yeah. You can get everything you, you, you need and you get it at the speed that you want it at in this competition in, in all areas. So, you know, but you can still get around. As long as your transport system is good, you can still get around at a Million. Yeah. Yeah. The traffic here is so easy. People complain about 'em. Like, you guys are adorable. This traffic is cute. This is cute. Traffic living 25 plus years in la.


Right. I know what real traffic is like. And even LA when I moved there in 94, it was nothing like it is now. Now it's just in insane. Now it could be two o'clock in the morning and you're in bumper to bumper traffic for an hour and a half. It's bananas. I, yeah. But I Mean, look at New York, man. I mean, I was shooting, shooting beautiful Mine once we had a late night, 2 30, 3 o'clock in the morning. I'm in a tunnel coming back from Jersey and we just stop Mobbed, We. were there for an hour. Yeah. In the tunnel. Yeah. What Is, what's going on? That Freaks me out, by the way. Something about that fucking river being right above your head. Yeah. Like I know they know how to fix it. I know. They knew how to build it. It's been there forever. I know. But there's gonna be that day. Right. There's Gonna be one day I've seen enough movies to know I've Seen enough movies.


It's gonna spring a fucking leak. And, and we're all done in the worst way possible. Fuck. I don't like it. Get me outta here. The moment I'm in the tunnel, I'm holding my breath. I'm like, get me the fuck outta here. Okay. Whew. We're on the other side. I don't like it. I'd rather be in a helicopter. Be in that fucking tunnel. Well, It's funny that you should bring that up because on that shoot, after that night, I said if I'm, if we're going over there all the time Right. I'm, I'm living right next to the Liberty Helipad in Chelsea. Right. Just 10 minute trip. Yeah. Get me out of the fricking car. Yeah. You know, because that movie was so, it was a lot to carry around. you know, the fricking mindset had to be in all the time for that.


And so they ended up agreeing. So I would like literally walk to the helicopter pad, jump in helicopter 10 minutes. That's pretty, that dropped me off in, in New Jersey. And That's pretty nice. Yeah, it was Pretty cool. That was a fantastic movie. It really was. A Beautiful Mind was one of my favorite movies. Cool. Just, just the mind of a person like that. Like playing a guy that's so troubled and brilliant. I mean, how difficult is that to train for? Like how do you, how do you get yourself into that mindset? The Relief when that movie was over was huge You know, because you do tie yourself in Knots, A little bit when you are playing a character like that, you know, and that's part of the job.


And you just go with that flow. You know. But yeah, I was very Very happy to put all of the detail of those diseases aside. 'cause you know, the guy that rode it, his mom and dad, You know, treat people with schizophrenia. So he had a, a lot of firsthand knowledge that he could pass on to me You know. And a lot of that was to do with physical tells. And when the physical tells happen in the course of somebody's connection to the disease. Mm. You know the thing about Beautiful Mind is it has a device in the film. The film begins. You believe everything that's unfolding in front of you. And then there's that click when you realize, hold on a second, have I been watching him or am I inside his head?


You know. And then that's the thing that like worldwide, that trick works. You know Every time You, because You know, I saw that movie on a few premieres around the world and there's this gasp that comes out. The audience and it's You know only 15, 20 minutes in when they go, huh. And they realize Yeah. That they've been inside the head of a sick man. Right. As opposed to watching some, you know, spy drama unfold. Right. You know. Right. Yeah. That was, that was Oh, far Out. I read that script here. Really? Yeah. I was doing the shows. The 2000 Stubbs I'd rented a, a beautiful house over there on the other side of the river. I dunno why I'm pointing that way. I don't even know where which direction Went. The river is from here.


But yeah. and I, Jeffrey Katzenberg busted my nuts about reading it. and I was like, man, I'm doing the band shows and I've got, you know, I'm recording with the band. I just wanna be in this space. He goes, I need you to read it now. You know. And he'd been part of the Gladiator. So, you know, I, I read it and, and I ended up ringing him and thanking him because the experience of reading the script was fa just fantastic. One of the best scripts I'd ever read. And it had that device on the page. So that wasn't a trick added by the filmmakers later. You know, you are the same experience of reading it is the what the experience you have when you're watching in the cinema. Yeah, man. So it was about, I don't know, two o'clock in the morning sitting on the back porch of that house.


It was still over a hundred degree, a hundred degrees. It was really hot. and I read it in one go. I thought to myself, when I sat down to read it, I said, I'll read 10 pages, it'll put me to sleep. Right. And it didn't kept me awake. and I remember putting that script down and walking and jumping into the swimming pool You know at three or four in the morning or whatever going, I'm absolutely doing that fucking movie. 100%. Wow. So that's exactly what you were talking about, the kind of film that just gets in your Skin. Yeah. Gets I, I You know I've said it, you know, lots of times, but it's a physical response. It's like goosebumps. It's like I'm reading it and there's just a thing happens and I'm not even thinking about it.


I just pick up a pen and I start writing down what I'm gonna change in that bit. You Know and I just start working on it immediately. And if I work on it when I read it, that's the one I'm gonna do. and I, I've, you know, I've stuck true to that. Even You know, as I was saying before, you know, sometimes it can be a really imperfect document, but there's just a couple of things that resonate, you know, so it's like, okay, I have to do it You know My joke is that, that in that way I respect the Gods of film. Mm. You know. It's like I'm only there because I have my reasons. and I need to be there. You know. And so You know, and that way now it doesn't always work out, but you can do the greatest pedigree movie and it tanks You know.


You can have You know Alister number one, Alister number two, a-List director, great subject matter. Nobody goes and see it. See it. There's a sort, sort of a, a type of alchemy. You know and You know, I came out of an independent film world and then suddenly a couple of those independent films got successful and it led me to another place. You know. But I still like to work in an independent world because You know if one hits, that's the one that's gonna be fun and important or whatever, if it comes outta nowhere. Yes. So, yeah. Yeah. I don't, you know, studio films, it's great You know if it's the right situation. You know, I, I'm, I'm, I'm not sort of saying that there's a a negative in doing that.


If, if You know what I, I've done, I've done You know all sorts of big studio budget films. You know and I, I've You know I'm Superman's dad in DC I'm Zeus the god of Gods in Disney Marvel and I'm Craven the hunters Russian father in Sony Marvel. So it's sort of like You know. I, it's, it's the, you know, the experience of doing those films is the same for me. As, as other things. I go to work, I have a particular character thing in mind. This is what I'm trying to do. You know, the thing about my job man is in reality, most film directors, you work with a genius.


They're genius people. You know male film or whatever. you know, the person that, that has worked to. The point of getting to helm a feature film where you have to cover all of the aspects, you know, from the production design to the sound, to how you're shooting it, what lenses you're using, you know, the people that you're working with, where you shoot it You know all of those responsibilities come on the film director You know. So the joke I often make about me work, working with, with Ridley, it's like I get to hold the paint pal Ian, what Ian's doing his shit. And he turns to me and he goes, Russell, I need more Blue and I go Right you are, I'll give you some blue.


you know, it's a good gig You know what I mean? Being able to work with super smart people You know That's incredible. And Super creative people. I love the thought of like appeasing the film Gods, that that attitude is the right attitude. It's You know and I know, I say it as a sort of a, a witticism as a joke, but it's actually what I fundamentally believe. Yes. Yeah. I think, I think it's real. I think there's something to it. There's Something. But if you approach everything like that though, Right? Yes. Everything. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I, I don't know if they're gods or I don't know what it is, but there's something, there's something there man. Something real. There's something there. And I've been talking to whatever that is, all the way through my life. Yeah.


All the way through. I actually say this on stage at the moment because I have a song called Michelangelo's God, which relates to an experience I had recently with my mom, You know. I decided that when I heard that they were making a, another Gladiator, that I was, I'm gonna take my sons to Rome. So they get to experience what I've experienced since that movie came out with the people of Italy and, and, and, and, and the people in the city of Rome in, in terms of the privileges that they give me and the experiences that they, they give me and the regard and what have you and I thought, you know, before there's another one. And that water muddied You know I'm gonna take my kids over so they can really experience it.


So I was talking to my mom and my father had just recently passed away and I said, why don't you come with us? and I initially she said that because she'd only ever been to Rome with my dad, that she didn't want to come because she thought It would just make her sad. you know, because that city connected You know her to him. And I said to her Mom, listen to what you're saying. This is a place that connects you to my father. You have to come You know. So she came along and We were You know, doing all the normal family stuff together, touristy stuff, Spanish steps, font.


I took the kids to see the old office, the Colosseum You know the old office. Just normal family stuff. And then I got this call from a guy at the Vatican. And this is all based on, you know, that movie, right? Heard you're in town with your family. Would You like to come and walk through the Vatican Museum and the Sistine Chapel by yourselves without any tourists? Wow. Now I've done the tourist thing, you know, a thousand new special friends and you in the Sistine Chapel. Yeah. Natural light. I've done that. So the idea that we could walk in there by our side. Absolutely. Absolutely. So, and I've taken my mom and because it was such a big walk, she's in a wheelchair, right.


So I'm pushing her around. But every corner we get to something of immense beauty. I can see her remembering when she was there with my dad and what he, he said, or a friendship he made or whatever, you know? Yeah. Because he was a bit of a, he was a chatty fellow. My old man, You know, he used to make friends very easily, you know, so, you know, we went through that and, and I could see it affecting her. And then they took us into the Sistine Chapel. It's unbelievable, man. You know, I'll do it exactly the way I do it on stage for you, man, because it's a funny moment. You know. This guy comes up and he goes, Rael For you today, I will turn on the lights of the Pope.


I said, sorry. He goes, well, The Pope likes to come to the chapel to meditate. He likes to see all the beautiful colors. So We put in some lights and he turns on these lights. Boom. I mean, that ceiling is amazing in natural light when it's got like 16 spotlights on it, man. And you can see the real color of the light blue of the sky and the reds and You know you can almost with that much light on it, feel like you can see the paint strokes. You see you're there under Michelangelo's genius in the light. And I said to the guy, that was amazing. You know, why did you do that? And he goes, please Mamo, you are the eighth king of Rome.


But so later in that same visit, he took us to this little balcony and to get onto this balcony, not the one on tv, it's another meditation balcony right on top of the museum to get there, we have to go in this very small little elevator You know. So I'm there, just me and my mom say, how you going enjoying it? And she just sat floods of tears, man. Crying, crying You know. She goes, I can't explain. I just feel your father so close to me. We get up on that balcony right in the distance, I can hear some music. So I asked our man, what's the music? And he says, well, it's a Wednesday. The Swiss guards band is rehearsing. They only play ecclesiastical music, but I can hear what they're playing and so can my mum.


And it's that old Irish folk song Danny Boy, the reason that that comes into the conversation we're just having is we played that at my father's funeral. So here it is, right this moment. How does that timing work out? Where's the coincidence factor of that? What's the, what's the odds of that? You know, they never play anything other than ecclesiastical music. But on the day that we are in a place where we can hear a private rehearsal of the Swiss Guards band, they just happened to be playing the song played at my father's funeral when I've gone through this whole process of convincing my mom to come with us.


And she says she can feel my dad all day. you know, she was saying that and shedding tears from it. And there we had that moment together. Wow. you know, so I I I don't know how it works. I don't know really. you know what I, what I do feel is that all religions are simply a human way of trying to explain the inexplicable. There is definitely, 'cause I have examples of it in my life, if you offer, and we can call it prayer or you could call it just an introspective conversation, You know, if you focus on using your imagination and your e your personal energy to change things around you, they will change.


You know you can do a lot of things with simply the power of your beautiful mind. Yeah. you know, So that's kind of, that's where I sit with it. I dunno what it is, but I know it's available. So I use it. That is as close to a miracle. It, it's, it's a thing that happens occasionally in a person's life and it, it, that moment will touch them forever. That you almost go, too many things lined up. Too many things lined up so perfectly. H how, how is this even? How's It possible? Did you talk to the band? I would want to talk to them too.


To the Swiss Guards band. Yeah. Did you guys ever play this before? Like, you guys have a wild Thoughts. I I did actually. Did you? Because they wanted me to go and see their armory. Ah, again, another experience that you would never have. Right, right. So I get taken down and here's the history of the Swiss guards. You know and, and their connection to the Pope. And here's all of the armor that's been worn by the guards over the centuries. Here's all the weapons and the swords and all that sort of stuff. And I did ask them about the Danny Boy, and the first guy I talked to was like, no, they wouldn't have played that if, if misheard it. 'cause they only played ecclesiastical music.


You know. But apparently they were building up to some performance for some visiting dignitary. And that was the, the choice of sign for that thing. It's just too many things. Too many things, man sliding. The guy called me at that time, he You know we make the thing on that date, I've convinced my mom to come, you know, There was just Pop lights and All of that. Oh, the lights off the Pope. There's, there's something undeni about just being in the Vatican itself. There's like St. Peter's basilica to this day. It's one of the most incredible experiences I've ever had. Just walking through that place and just trying to imagine the worksmanship, the artisan, the, the artistic ability to duplicate the kind of incredibly intricate designs that are in that ceiling and how uniform they are and how gorgeous, gorgeous they are.


And how many hundreds of years it took to accomplish how many people were Involved. It's the first time that I, I walked in there, which was 1991 and I, this probably sounds a bit weird, but I got sort of like offended or something. It was so over the top right. And so incredible and I, I, I've thought about it from the perspective of this is a group of men trying to build a mountain to show you they're as powerful as God or something like that. Mm. You know what I mean? So I was probably a little more idealistic or whatever at that age.


But I remember being like, it was so overwhelming. It shocked me. You know. I was like, oh. and I got, and I got kind of pissy about it. I was like, man, that would trick a lot of people. It would trick a lot of people if they walked in there and they saw all that beauty. They go, all these guys must have a direct connection. Yeah. To whatever's going on. These are the guys you shouldn hang with You know. But they probably do. Which is how they made it this. But this, that is the trick of being a person who walks into there and who's You know, a devout religious person. You're, you experience something that seems like a representation of the divine. Right. Because that's what the art looks like. Yeah. It's, it's so incredible. Well, You know that there's that, I forget the name of it, but there's a statue there.


It's carved from marble and it's like of Mary holding the body of Christ. Yeah. We. were just talking about that the other day. Right. And It's got like incredible That Veil. Yes. And it's carved. Yeah. It's Just insane. Unbelievable. Again, that thing of like the incredible privileges and experiences that the Italian people give me, you know, that's behind Glass and You know your 20 foot from it. You know. I walk into the chapels, guy taps me on the shoulder, says, come here and I could stand next to it. He took me inside the room where it's in.


Wow. And it's just when you think, I mean, how old is this? What year was this? 1498. 1499. Unbelievable. And just the level of detail. Yeah. That's of the anatomy. Like look at the ankle. Go back to that larger photo again. Jamie. Look at the ankle. Yeah. I mean, look at all the detail and the toes and everything. I mean, it's just unbelievable. How do you go about, how do you, I have this sort of thing with a, a lot of art, you know, how do you go about looking at a rock, grabbing a chisel and a hammer and getting to that, Right.


What the hell? You know. Yeah. It's like when I see You know a painting by Arthur Street or something, and he's painted a glass. How do you do that? Right? Yeah. It's, it's like, it's insane. Yeah. Yeah. It's insane. It's insane that well, it's, there's levels to every game. Right. And the level of that game was like, every other sculptor had to look at that and go, oh my God, what am I doing? Yeah. You know. It was, it was damaged between the war, I think, by a Turkish guy that was either born in Australia or had been living in Australia. And he, he went to Rome and back then they used to, used to be able to walk right up to it.


You know. And I don't know, he hit it with a hammer or something like that and damaged it. and I Here, we go, oh, He broke the arm off. Did they have to, how did they Hold on. What Was it? 72 Hungarian Oh. yeah, sorry. Hungarian was Hungarian born Australia. That was the, to Attacked the sculpture with a geologist hammer while shouting, I am Jesus Christ, have risen from the dead with 15 blows. He removed Mary's arm at the elbow, knocked off a chunk of her nose and chipped one of her eyelids. How did they repair it? That's a thing, right? It's perfect now. So, Wow. Pain's taking restore returns. Can you show me the photo of what it looks like now?


Oh, now, yeah. What We were looking at. Can Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Like, imagine they look at that, they repaired that. How, how. Yeah. Good fucking job. But look At that material, man. Look at the, yeah. On the bottoms of her costume there. It's, all of it is incredible. The ways the fingers grasp the in between the two fingers grasp the piece of the cloth. Yeah. Insane. Yeah. So I was able to just walk right up to it and walk around it. And at one point in time, the guy says, you can put your hand on it if you want. So I did. It's like, wow. Yeah. Yeah. But that, that was You know. I just wanted my kids to experience A. little bit of that, because it has been an incredible relationship I've had with that country.


Oh, I'm sure. Just based on a film. Yeah. You know. Yeah. But it's based on a fucking amazing film. It's not a bad one. It's A fucking amazing film. How much training did you have to do physically for That? Oh man, I had to start, so it was heavy because I, I had done a film called The Insider with Michael Mann. Yeah, I was gonna ask you about that too. Whether you started smoking cigarettes before or after that film. Oh, way before. Way before. and I know all about the negativities involved in, in the process. And it doesn't stop me. So it just goes to show how potent it is as a drug. Yeah. So, and I, I basically just stopped all exercise to try and sort of get into the shape of the guy that I was playing You know and, and I.


I met Jeffrey Wand, the guy that I was playing. And it was a funny thing because Michael Mann was convinced that Jeffrey was a, an expert golfer. And so I'd been doing, you know, these golf sessions and stuff, You know and I met him at a golf course and took him to the driving range. And he was not an expert golfer. and I asked Michael, where did you get that impression from? He said, well, the way he talks about I said, ah, cool, cool. So I use that too, as You know, as part of the personality of the guy. The guy thought his golf game was way better than it really was. It's just an interesting little, you know, detail.


So there's one conversation where golf comes up and you can see there's like, a little color comes up in his cheek 'cause he wants to defend himself or, or, or, or beat himself up or whatever. It's just absolute minor detail of no concern to anybody else except me. But it abused me. You know. But in that conversation, you know, and I asked him some pretty tough questions. And, you know, I probably, you know, at my age now, questions I would never ask somebody in that situation. But You know, I was You know younger and, and You know had that kind of confidence and I kind of crossed into some territory that wasn't comfortable for him. And I made him cry.


You know. And he didn't want to cry, but he was sitting o opposite me. And he was sort of like emotionally affected. and I was, man, I've, I have to honor this man. I have to put every effort I can into making sure that I tell his story the right way. Round You know. So, and I met Ridley and I was coming off that film. and I'd made a decision at the beginning because we kept like cutting my hair and dying. It, we've, we've bleached it seven times, but it wouldn't behave like an old person's hair. You know we could comb it into place and then the next day It would go, You know We were we, we took the hairline back, shaving the hair back and everything.


I mean, I just looked so fucking weird. And at a certain point I just said to Michael, man I said, just get me a wig. This is just crazy. You know. I'll shave my head. Just get me a wig. I'll wear the wig. 'cause then I'm, my hair's gonna be exactly right. You know. And that's what we did. So when I met Ridley, I was maybe 35 or 40 pounds heavier than I'd been on LA Confidential, which was the last movie that he had seen me in. I was bald and had a really weird sort of suntan because of wearing the wig. So my face had some, but my head was white You know and I don't know how he could possibly have ever seen me as the character.


But yeah, that first conversation I had with him and I said, when are you starting? And he's like, January. and I was like, that's about three months. You know. So he was 35 pounds. Yeah. And find muscles, You know. So the first thing I did was I went back home and I went on a motorcycle ride for about 10 days. And I sent a guy ahead of me in a van with a cooker. So wherever I just decided I was gonna stop that night or whatever, I could only eat his food. You know. And it was just really, really basic, just sort of salads and beans and stuff like that. You know, it's changed so much over time.


The knowledge we have and nutrition and everything, you know, back then you're pretty much You know you're working off some really dodgy information. you know, like at one point in my life, and everybody was told, you know, the Mediterranean diet is the, is the key. So eat pasta every day, just like the Italians do. Cut to a whole bunch of big people. You know the thing being is the food production process is not the same necessarily in You know other countries outside of Italy. Right. You know Italy or France or whatever. They have You know food production methods that are like artisan methods that have been used a long, long time. And pretty much most of the places you go, that food hasn't necessarily been affected in the same way as it might in a, you know, more westernized country like America, like Australia, you know, we borrow your food production methods.


So we've got, you know, corn syrup up the Jacky and everything now, you know Yeah. As well. So New wheat. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, so I had three months to get ready and that's You know, I, I don't think when we started, I don't think I was ready, but by the time We were halfway through the film and my shirt's coming off and all that sort of stuff, I'd, I'd had enough time and enough focus on it to get it to a certain place. So did you have to train while filming? Yeah. Constantly. You know. 'cause it was, yeah. I, I mean, Training in that You know at the top step of the, of the third tier of the Colosseum, there's a room that's got gym gear in it.


You know. Or you're in the middle of the desert and there's an extra tent and that tent is a gymnasium. You know. And then, you know, I had to sort of share the space. There's a whole bunch of gladiators in gladiators. There's a whole bunch of guys that desperate to work out and everything. So I just let everybody use the space as well, just on the proviso that if I'm coming in and I've got 15 minutes between things and I need to be on the bench, just get off the fucking bench. Right. you know, and everyone's like, yeah. Call me. you know? So it was, it was quite a You know a, a good collaboration actually with all of those, those guys. Wow. That So did, had you ever wheeled a sword before? Did you have to learn how to do all those moves? Yeah, I took it upon myself.


'cause I didn't get to go to drama school. You know, I just started working You know I was working as I said in clubs and stuff like that. And when I started moving into doing more acting stuff. So I'm, I was born in New Zealand. I moved to Australia when I was four. Moved back to New Zealand with my parents when I was 14. Then at 21 I moved back to Australia by myself. 'cause I considered Australia to be my home. I'd lived there between four and 14. That's your formative years You know. and I never felt like New Zealand, even though it was the land of my birth, it was really home. So I went back to where I felt comfortable and I went back with the idea that You know, I've been doing all these clubs and bands and stuff like that, but I'm gonna sort of change the priority.


I'm gonna focus more on acting and put the music You know underneath it. And one of the things that I'd planned on doing was working enough saving money to then go to night at the National Institute of Dramatic Art and get a piece of paper that says I know how to do my job. Right. So the year was 88, I think I'd been in Australia for a couple of years by then. I had an agent. Things were going really, really well. Solid work, being able to save money. and I was doing a show at this theater and a guy called Bruce Applebaum, who had been my brother's biology teacher in high school, but who had become a friend of my, one of my uncles.


And he came to see the show and he came backstage. And at that point he was the technical director for the National Institute of Dramatic Art You know. So he said, so what's your plan? And I said, well, You know I've got the money in the bank. I'm auditioning for NIDA in October or whenever it was. And You know. He goes, what? You're gonna go to drama school? I said, yeah, I You know I want to turn. He goes, I walked into this theater tonight as I was walking into the theater. There's a banner that says the name of the show above the name of the show is your name. It's too late for you to go to drama school. You are already due what you're supposed to learn at drama school.


The only thing that you'll pick up is bad habits. Ah. So in that one conversation, this dream I'd Harvard for about four or five years, just disappeared. You know. But it was I mean, it was absolutely the right advice to, for me to receive at that time. It would've been a, probably a big waste of my time to go into a drama school situation at that point. Acting is one of the strange things that some people have an ability to do. Like, there's athletes that have gone into films that You know, just play an athlete in a film and do a fucking amazing job. Like who it, who was in Uncut gems? Was it Kevin Durant? No. Garnet. Kevin Garnett Garnet amazing in It.


He's good in amazing. He's a, plays a professional basketball player. He is a professional basketball player. But you, There's that thing, right? There's a, a simple thing to understand that you just gonna inhabit the character. Yes. You know. And you kind of operate yourself A little bit like a puppet master emotionally or whatever. You know. And as you're saying, some people can just accept that. Yeah. And they're fine with it. Other people find it very hard and they sort of like, they sort of, they put a performance on which does not being driven from Yes. Inside. And you feel It. They're doing something that they've constructed that they think, oh, people will think I'm that guy if I Right.


Do this thing over here. But they're not actually experiencing what the character is experiencing, therefore it's not coming across as real. Right. It doesn't resonate. Yeah. It doesn't it whatever it is. And you see it sometimes, like, you'll see one actor stand out like, oh, he's faking it. Right? Yeah. And it takes you out of it. But Just like, the same way you see the opposite. Yes. Where you see that guy walk in the room Yes. Turns his head and you go, oh, I'm with that guy that guy's You know. He's, he's fantastic. You know. Like when, when you're doing a character, whether it's Braddock or the gentleman from the Insider, and you're playing an actual human being, it that must come with another, it's another level of responsibility. Right? Yeah. 'cause you have especially the insider.


Yeah. Because that, that was the first film where I had saw that kind of changed my perspective on things and made me openly consider the idea that a corporation would have someone that assassinated. Right. If they were gonna affect their business. and I, I saw that movie. I remember seeing that movie going, Jesus cr And it, it took me down a rabbit hole of reading about the history of the tobacco industry and lobbyists and what they had done to try to obscure the fact that it was causing cancer and addicting people and all the chemicals they'd put into those things. You're, you're playing a guy who risked his life to, to tell us, to let everybody else know, Hey, there's some nefarious forces involved in this business.


It's not as simple as they're just selling you cigarettes. They they're they're doing some shit. Yeah. Yeah. Well, like the responsibility is the right word. you know, that experience I was sharing with you where I sat in front of him and I asked him some tough questions, I could and I pushed a button emotionally, what was it about? and I could see he was still affected by it. And it was about his family and, and the question you mean? Yes. Yeah. It was about the effect of the situation on his family. And that took him to a place and I could see him just get You know emotional. I realized he still all these years later is carrying this around You know it was a big thing for him to do. Yeah. As you say, he risked everything in his life.


Risked his professional reputation, the health and safety of his family. You know to put that information in front of us. The weird thing for me about all of that is that's this legal loophole kind of situation you get into where if you admit something is unsafe, then you are liable for the fact that you pedaled something that was unsafe. 'cause there's a whole lot of things that you can do to make these less potent in terms of how they damage. You You know you can take out the chemicals, you can return the tobacco to. Its more natural state. You know. But we don't do any of that because that would be admitting that it's an unsafe product.


You Know and it opens up a whole bunch of more legal bullshit. But, you know, it's a funny thing. I don't wanna be an advocate for cigarette smoking, but there are You know there is a long, long history of us and You know wanting to smoke things. You know. Yeah. Well there's been a lot of great work that was written on nicotine. A lot. Every major mathematician, every major scientist, they all smoke. There is something in that nicotine opening neural pathways Yes. That they might not be have access to normally. I think it's the delivery method too.


Yeah. Because there's different ways of doing it's pouches, but there's a very different thing that happens when you smoke it. Right? Yeah. Yeah. All my friends that can't quit cigarettes say the same thing. Yeah. Like there's a just, it's a different thing. Like they need and they'll get you fired. I, I use red Man plug on long haul flights. Yeah. That's how much of a nicotine addict I am, mate. I use chewing tobacco on long haul flights. I Got a great nor McDonald story. Norm McDonald and I, just by luck, sat next to each other on flights on two different occasions. Just total dumb luck. Right. Norm said, like, norm, what's up We? were talking and he's telling I quit smoking. He's telling me this whole thing about it. Quit smoking. Yeah. It was terrible. I was the hardest thing I ever had to kick.


Yeah. I loved smoking, but You know what, it's fucking terrible for you. I had to quit. So he's telling me about this the moment we land. He runs into the gift shop and buys a pack of cigarettes and he's lighting them before he goes. I go, what are you doing? I thought you quit. He goes, yeah, I did. But then we started talking about it. I wanted a cigarette. Right. And he's lighting it before he even gets out the door. He just couldn't wait to get it back in him. Well there's the funny thing though, right. With somebody sort of said to me once, which, and it's a true thing, is like, You know when you haven't had a cigarette for a while and you get a craving. Right. That's all you have to deal with. Right. Right. That's it. Right, right at that moment. Yeah. Yeah. It's not like other things.


Right. That might You know get deeper and harder and more difficult or whatever. It's only ever gonna be that craving. Yeah. So you just have to sort of walk past it and You know. And but also to satisfy that craving. When you do satisfy that craving, it's an immediate release of one of the most pressing physical things that's bothering you. The most pressing physical thing that's bothering you is you want a cigarette. When You get that in the Times, and I've tried to give up, what I've found is that my brain doesn't work the way I want it to work. Right. I find it quite hard to make decisions. And so it's sort of like, I've had experiences where You know for an extended period of time, I'm in this battle of trying to completely get rid of it outta my life.


But all of these other things are being negatively Affected. 'cause I'm not making decisions. My businesses are starting to wobble my bank account's not looking good. You know what I mean? And so I've just gone fuck it. Get everything back in line. Well, it's a significant nootropic. You know, it really is. It does affect in a very positive way cognitive performance. Yeah. Yeah. It's undeniable. Yeah. Well, as we say, we said in that film, it breaks through that blood brain barrier. That's why it's so addictive and so hard. Yeah. Yeah. And why it's so effective too. It's just too bad. It's terrible for you. Yeah. And I'm feeling it, man, at the age of 60 having smoked since I was a kid.


A hundred percent. No. It's like a You know. It's a short course for me. When You were playing Braddock, did you smoke all through the training? I smoked in the ring. Right. His photographs. I had a guy Because you can't take your gloves off. Right, right, right. you know, and so I used to just go over to the corner, he'd stick at my mouth, I go Pop. Wow. But then we developed a, a set of gloves that were velcroed. So they had the laces on the outside, but they're actually velcroed. I could get them out so I could have a cigarette. Oh wow. Yeah. you know, not constantly, but you know, we'd be You know you're doing a shooting day in the ring.


You know you're in the ring all fucking day. You know. So you're gonna be in the ring doing boxing stuff for 12 hours. So when we started that film, Ron Howard's idea was to do the first 35 days of boxing and then do the scenes afterwards. But after we did the first fight, you know, which took six or seven days, You know I said, you've gotta rethink that. You know I'm rehabbing from the shoulder 35 days in a row. It's like, it's gonna break down, man. Right. you know, we have to, so we redid the schedule and we cycled back into the boxing. So I'd box Mondays and Tuesdays and then basically Wednesday would be off physically.


And then I would start the prep gearing up for the next Boxing Day. You know. And what was good about it is that it kept me in shape through the whole shoot. you know, if, if we'd done 35 days for boxing, then stopped and then done another 30 shooting days where I didn't have to box You know James j Braddock would've changed shape during the course Of the film. You know. It was because I was cycling back into the boxing that I, that I stayed in shape and kept improving You know, because we had gaps in between. So I'd learn A little bit more from Angelo or whatever, and we'd be able to adjust something. So it was a really good choice to make because it made, and, and it was because of doing that, that Ron was able to clearly see we need another gear change between now and and the championship.


And that's when we came up with the idea, well, the only way we can have a gear change is if we just do it for real, you know. Wow. But when I did the real fight, I did it with the, the fellow Troy, who was, he was a real lovely bloke, great boxer, great athlete, incredible on the ropes. You know on the skipping rope, just superior. I did it with him because I wanted the challenge of doing it. you know, if we're gonna do it for real, I wanna do it with him. And, and I You know We, were chasing each other around that ring. It was, it was, it was a incredible experience. But I wasn't a, you know, it's just that thing as like, he's a good solid guy and I know he was never gonna kill me. Right.


You know what I mean. Right, right, right. You know There was a couple of blokes in that cast. Yeah. He was like, Hmm. If he gets the opportunity, he's too feral. He'll just take my head off. If I give him half a fricking break, he'll just, you know. Yep. There was guys like that out there. Yeah. Did you have any experience boxing as a young man? A little Bit. A little bit. I did martial arts when I was a kid, so I started off with karate budokan. That would've been, I would've started that when I was 12. Then I did ZedE Kai, and then I did like a, a street martial art thing as well.


and I, I'd get to kind of like You know halfway up the belt ladder and, and You know. Then I'd move on to something else, you know. But it's funny because all of that training comes into play later on in my life, you know? And funnily enough, I always say to people, it's actually my musical theater background and dance routines that make my fight sequences so sharp. Mm. You know. Because it's sort of like you're working with a rhythm. And if you are working with a camera and the camera's trying to catch something, you know, if you have that rhythm, then you can display the stuff that Sure. You want the camera to, to, to capture in the audience to see You know.


But it's a lot, people think I'm joking when I say it, but it's for real. Are do you aware of Vail Chenko? No. He's a Ukrainian boxers, one of the best powerful pound fighters in the, In just won a big fight the Other day, actually. Yeah. He beat Osis from Australia, who's also an elite fighter, but he, he was trained by his father from the time he was very young. And his father made him take two years off of boxing to learn Ukrainian dance. Right. To help his footwork. And he has the greatest footwork of all time. There you go. His footwork is impeccable. You know, you have to see, you pull up a, a just a highlight reel of the way this guy moves because it's so bizarre. He moves differently than any other boxer on the planet. And he's, by far the, he has the best footwork and the most elusive.


Right. He cuts angles and does movement and misdirects in a way that no one Else does. I does, I got that list wrong. I did Budokan to start with then I did sir Do Okay. Which is a kung fu. Okay. And then I did Zen Kai after that. Yeah. Which is more of a street fighting thing, which is headbutts and shit. Oh, okay. Yeah. Well, it's like You know, it's a s Like a crap MAGA type deal. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But it's like, let's make this short and sweet. Yeah. And just You know. Get it done. Yeah. Who's your favorite boxer over time, do you think? Or, or a, a group Of favorite boxes? Oh boy. I don't know. I don't know if there is a one does, this is Loma Chenko. Right. Just watch how this guy moves. Like his foot. Look at that. Yeah. Look at that. That footwork is fucking insane.


There's no one like him. There's no one like him. He's so elusive. And the punches come from angles that you don't expect him to come from. And he's moved up multiple weight classes. I think he's the quickest man to ever win. I mean, 'cause he had an unbelievable amateur record. Right. I think he's the quickest man to ever win a world title. I think he won a world title in like four bouts. Right. Incredible. Yeah. I used to love watching Costa Zoo Oh. yeah. He was amazing. Yeah. Yeah. He was fantastic. And he's his son. He's got two boys and they're both up and comers at the moment. Yep. Yeah. Tim just lost for the first time. And, And Yeah, I watched that Fight. And Nikita. Yeah. Yeah. It was crazy. That Fight. Yeah. Crazy fight. Yeah. Crazy fight. Koko Zoo was a murderous puncher. Yeah.


He Was fantastic, man. Yeah. He, he knocked out Zab Judah one time. I remember that. Oh my God. I've never seen Yeah. That happen before. And that Was when Zab Judah was Za Judah. He was the thing. Yeah. He was the thing. And everybody was like, counting down, how many seconds is it gonna take for him to end Costa Zoo's life? Yeah. And that simply didn't happen. Well, he was so slick and so elusive himself. And Costa Zoo just planted one on him. Well, he planted a couple on him, but one big one that really rocked him. And he had that little rat tail. That was his thing. Well, that's the thing with Costa, I think he had You know nearly 300 fights or something as an amateur to start with. He was, he did. The consequences of him hitting you, he was just such a murderous puncher that even if a guy was slick, it was just, you needed to make one mistake.


Boom. There it is. And he got up and his legs were just, there you go. Complete rubber. I'm, yeah. That's the only time I've ever seen that in a, in a, a boxing. Well, He made a mistake there. He should, he should've just stayed down. He, it was his ego that made him jump up to his feet. Yeah. He should've taken a knee. Right. Weight to the counter. Eight rows. And then he Probably, he played, played that back again because he's got that one big Right. But then it's a, it's a two punch combination that really puts him into that situation. Right. Yeah. Bang, there One, two that hurt him, and then boom, boom and then bam. That's the big one. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. See if he just stayed down. Yeah. Probably would've got his legs back in eight seconds.


'cause by then Yeah, Right. By now he's okay. Yeah, exactly. But who knows? He would've probably got caught again. That's the tricky thing about boxing. Yeah. And so, Yeah, I was, I was at the Koa Zoo, Ricky Hatton fight when, ah, I, I got a mate who's a lawyer, says, you have to be careful when befriending boxers. Right. Because there will be that nine when it's just all over. Yep. You know. And it was in Manchester, and Hatton was jacked, man. He was, his body was chiseled in a way I'd never seen his body before. And you know, from my perspective, it, it looked like he was, you know, laying in some shots under the belt.


You know. But in an audience like that in Manchester, which was all about Ricky, you know, they were all for him. He didn't have a lot of dissenting voices. Yeah. But I, I was You know in the dressing room, holding Costa over a bucket while he pissed blood for about 20 minutes after a fight. Oh God. Yeah. and I was like, really made me understand what the boxing world was. You know. But it really is. Yeah. And every one of those takes something away from that fighter forever. They'll never be exactly the same. Yeah. I don't think he fought again after that. Yeah. You Know, have that big long storied career and multiple world championships and all of the things that he achieved.


And then, you know, he just knew that that was the end of that for him. Well, good for him for recognizing that. That's one of the hardest things for fighters to recognize when it's over because their entire identity is based on this one thing that they do. And then who am I if I don't do that thing? Yeah. And your whole life from the time you're Young. It's like all sports people though, isn't it? You know. You know. Have that. I think for fighters it's even, it's more difficult. Oh. It's much more intense as a fighter For sure. It's also, you have to have this ridiculous belief in yourself that you're the best of all the, all the elites out there. You're the number one, you're the guy that can get it done. Yeah. Ricky Hatton, his prime was a bad man. Yeah. He was great. Oh, He was a Mahler, a boxer. Mahler too. Just so hard nosed.


Yeah. Just come at you just You know. Which is why You know his, some of his loss. The Floyd Mayweather one example, it just shows how great Floyd was. Right. Was able to weather that and figure out the openings. Yeah. And then Manny Pacquiao after that Pacquiao what of Fun Fighter? He just fought again. He just had an exhibition fight in Japan, which is ridiculous. Didn't look that good. I liked, I used to like watching Oscar de Joa as Well. Oh. In his prime. He was amazing. He Was prime. He, He's off the reservation now though. See what he posted on his Instagram today. I haven't, him and his girlfriend in their underwear dancing around and it looks like he's on a pound of cocaine. Oh dear.


He's got a jockstrap on. He's bouncing his dick around. She's bouncing her ass around. It's the, it's, it's something that if somebody else filmed You, like, don't post that. Right. Do not post that. Meanwhile, he put it on his own fucking account. See? You got it, Jamie. It's been taken down, but having, it's been taken down. It's just having a summer. What do you mean it's been taken? He took it down. It says, the one I looked for is it's been scrubbed from Instagram, so I Found it. Well, that's it. In the corner. Yeah. In the right hand corner. You can see what the two of them are doing. So she's dancing and he's, well, they're blurring him out because he had like some little g-string around where his dingling was bouncing around and she's shaking her enhanced ass.


The whole thing is just, I mean, what drugs, He definitely needs to go and do some Ukrainian folk dancing lessons. Yeah. Not the best footwork. I mean, in his prime, the guy moved like a butterfly. But You know things have changed. He was an amazing fighter in his prime. Absolutely. And unfortunately, it gets overshadowed by activity like we just witnessed. Right. You know, What do you think of this Jake Paul fellow? I always say that if Jake Paul was not a YouTube star, if people just looked at him like an up and coming boxer, you would say, this kid's got a lot of fucking talent. Right. He's dangerous. He's dangerous. I think his strength is that people, for whatever stupid reasons, they underestimate him because of what his background was.


Right. And they think there's no way that some guy who became famous off of YouTube is going to be an actual legit boxer. Right. But if you look at what he's done, the, the time that he's put into it Yeah. And the ability that he has, just the sheer ability. He's a very good boxer. Yeah. Very good. Yeah. And he's, he seems to treat his body the right way too. Yeah. Yeah. Trains hard. Yeah. I mean, I've watched a lot of his training footage. I've watched a lot. I've watched all of his fights. He could fight. What do you think of the thing with Mike, though? 58 is 58. Yeah. No matter what, no matter what you're taking and what they're doing for you, and you're still 58. Yeah. But 58-year-old Mike Tyson is not 50-year-old of Mike Jones that lives down the street.


It's a different kind of human being. Yeah. And he still can knock your fucking head into another dimension. Yeah. If he can catch you. Yeah. The thing is, can he catch a 28-year-old guy who's at the top of his career, who's winning legitimate boxing matches? I mean, he's beating former UFC world champions like Tyron Woodley. you know, he had that very good fight with Tommy Fury, who's a legitimate boxer, you know, which is a very good fight. You know, he just beat up Mike Perry, who's a bear knuckle champion. I mean, it's a, he's a real fighter. He can fight. He can. And if, if Mike Tyson and him are fighting and Mike can't catch him, and Mike is, has bad knees, if his back's bad, I mean, I don't know what's going on with him physically.


You, it's hard to tell from a guy just hitting pads when he is hitting those pads. Ba ba babu. He looks great. Yeah. Like, yeah. If he can do that, if he can actually do that for eight rounds or 10 rounds, however long this fight is. Well, That's the gonna be the key, isn't it? Yeah. Can he do that? I don't know if he can do that. I mean, he had to pull outta the first fight because he had, he had an ulcer. Right. So it's You know, The thing is, I was quite enjoying the second phase of Mike's life. you know what I mean? You know. He was terrifying as a boxer. Yeah. Terrifying. You know, I even when I, I met him at one point back You know backstage at the stadium at a fight. and I was like, I'm still terrified of you from watching you. you know, but then that guy who started becoming, where he became more explorative and he was looking into what You know the meaning of life and, you know, having a smoke every now and then and, and stuff like that.


you know, I was like, I'm enjoying this Mike. Yeah. You know, I'm, I'm liking the, the evolution. you know, what bothers me with this whole thing is that he's gotta kind of, you know, slide back to that warrior You know. And I'm just not sure he needed to do it. You know. Yeah. He's the reason why this table's so wide. Why is that? Because I was gonna make the table more narrow and be, be closer to the guest I had him on once when he was retired, and he was much heavier and he was smoking a lot of weed. Right. And he was contemplative and You know, interesting and philosophical and just a fun guy to hang out with. And then I had him on again when he was about to fight Roy Jones Jr.


And he had lost about 60 pounds. Right. He looked shredded, he had muscles bulging in his arms, and he was very intense. Right. It was like a completely different human being. And he was terrifying. Just being in the room was, was fucking terrifying. And I said, You know what? This table needs to be a little Wider. I'm, I'm glad it wasn't only me. Yeah. I just don't wanna be that close to him. He fucking scares me. Right. Like, I felt his energy. It was a d and even Jamie said it after he left, Jamie was like, that's a totally different person. Right. 'cause Jamie was here for the first one, the second one. It was just, he was so fired up that it was, he had reignited that thing inside of him that existed when he was the best in the world. Yeah. And that, that force that caused him to try to achieve greatness was back. And he was fit.


And he was You know, he was in the middle of training and he was, he was all in on this Roy Jones junior fight. Yeah. And now he's, I just hope for the both of them that it, it, it transcends the, the sort of circus type atmosphere that's around it. You know. Yeah. It's a legit fight. And they both do well and nobody gets hurt. That's What I, before that would be nice be, but it's probably not gonna happen. It's probably gonna be one of two things. It's either gonna be Jake Paul's gonna find out that 58-year-old Mike Tyson is still a motherfucker. Or we're gonna find out that 58-year-old men are 58-year-old men no matter what they look like. Right. And Jake Paul is a 28-year-old athlete in the prime of his life. Yeah. You know. It was a real, I Mean, if you just do it to yourself, right.


Yeah. Take You know me at 60 versus me at 28. Right. Forget about it, man. Yeah. It's different things all over You know. Yeah. And also there's an accumulation of, of injuries that everyone has. Tell Me about. Yeah. Just, just no avoiding, but what I do want to get you in to get, I guarantee you stem cells will help that. Right. I've, I've had tremendous success with stem cells. Right. In shoulder joint. Yeah. Yeah. I, I was told by a doctor that I was gonna have to have shoulder surgery. He said, he said, well, he, he did all of these exercise, you pushed down on it and he did an R mri. He's like, it's so torn. He goes, you could try to, it was the lab. No, it was A, little bit of labrum, but it was, I had a full length rotator cuff tear. Okay. And he's like, it's gonna have to be repaired.


Right. So I had another guy in Vegas, this guy Dr. Roddy McGee, and he's like, let's try stem cells. And he was doing them for the UFC and You know this was, they could do some pretty potent stuff. This is before some of the new regulations have come into place, that they're constantly trying to regulate this stuff because it's very effective. Well, I went in, he shot me up. I took it easy on it. I did the rehab. I started doing all these band. I used these crossover symmetry bands. and I started doing all these exercise to build my shoulders back up. And then I started feeling pretty good. and I started working out again. And just being real careful. As soon as I feel pain, I'm gonna stop. I went back to him and six months got an MRI, but I said it was the most extraordinary thing he's ever seen.


He said, the tear is gone. Right. He said, I've never seen this before. He goes, I've never seen this all my years of being an orthopedic surgeon. I've never seen a tear in a rotator cuff. Completely disappear. Well, what's happened with mine now is that it's full of arthritis. You know. So if they were gonna repair it now, right? They've gotta cut it. They've gotta pop the bone up, shave the top of the humal head off, cut it off, put You know like Yeah. Some plastic bit in There. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Don't do that yet. 11 months rehab. Yeah. Don't, don't do that yet. Don't do that yet. This is why I don't do that yet. Because there's breakthroughs right now where they're regenerating cartilage. There's several studies, I believe one of them is out of Australia.


And another one, my friend Brigham, who runs ways to, well I actually sent this to him. I'll send this to you, Jamie, but it is, there's a, a new study that came out that's showing that they're able to regenerate cartilage tissue. And this is very, very promising. So with when they're able to do this kind of stuff. Now, if you could just hang in there. Here you go. Jamie, if you could just hang in there for just a year or so, I guarantee you they're gonna be implementing this stuff on people. See, I've, I've got no cartilage in my big toes. No cartilage left because all the sports I used to do a lateral Movement. Toe to toe. Yeah. And, but also You know sometimes the shit goes wrong in a stunt and you gotta stop or you die.


Right. You know. So there's Been some, so this is it insulin like growth factor one in articular cartilage repair for osteoarthritis treatment. Right. So th they're able to do this signaling pathway that's been implicated in art articular cartilage repair. IGF one is a member of the family of growth factors structurally, closely related to proinsulin can promote, I don't know what that word is. Chron chron dice, chondro site ification enhance matrix production and inhibit ca catabolism. Moreover, we discussed the potential role of IGF one and OA treatment. Of note, we summarized the recent progress on IGF delivery systems.


Optimization of IGF delivery systems can facilitate treatment application in cartilage repair and improve OA treatment efficacy. So there's this, and there's another one that's in Australia where they're, they're using it on sheep right now and they're able to regrow cartilage on sheep. And they're about to begin human trials on that as well. Here, human discovery animal models consuming to new human therapies. So this is, this is the next stage. Right. Because right now there's nothing they can do about cartilage. What stem cells have been really effective at is soft tissue injuries, tendon repair, things along those lines. And a lot of neurological disorders that people have, especially IV versions. They've done a lot with Dr. Neil Reardon and Panama's had some great results with that and great results.


I, Mel Gibson came in and talked about his experiences with that. And his father, his father was in a wheelchair when he was 80, 10 years later at 90, was walking around. Right. And this was after stem cell. Okay. It's just, they can do some pretty extraordinary stuff, especially outside of the country, because outside of America, America has the FDA and the FDA's very strict on this stuff. But if you can go to Tijuana, there's a place called the Cellular Performance Institute. They send a lot of UFC fighters down there. They had amazing results. Right. Amazing. They're shooting 'em into people's discs and growing disc tissue on people that have disc degeneration issues. It's just, we're real close. We're real close to being able to regenerate all kinds of stuff.


Right. So just gotta hang in there. Yeah, yeah. Hang in there. But I guarantee you what the stem cells can do is help heal. What can heal in that area. Reduce inflammation, give you more range of motion and give you a much more pain-free experience, Because I've got that situation with my toes. Right. I've got grade four tears in both Achilles. I've got shin splints, I've got bone marrow edemas under both knees. Jesus. I've got one disintegrating hip. Oh boy. and I know exactly what fall that was from what Movie? Gladiator. Of course. And then you go on my back. I've got ribs that pop off. I've got You know both shoulders are are shit.


But the left one is particularly shit. And it's like, you know, like e even on this tour we've been doing, 'cause we've been traveling like 35,000 kilometers or something on this tour. And you know, sometimes it's in a plane, but other times it's in a You know, hopefully a bus. But most of the time just a, a car. Or at one point We, were traveling around in a pet transport van. You do it at old school. Yeah. Well the thing is, the, the band doesn't generate cash like my day job. Right. So I've gotta work to how, what the band earns. Right, right, right. So definitely makes it a little more difficult for sure. You know. But it's also real.


You're doing it like a real touring band. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Lining up in funky little airports and Yeah. Yeah. And most of the flights have been You know once the tour has begun, have been You know economy flights and blah, blah, blah. So, Well I'm gonna try to get you in the morning before you take your flight outta here. Alright, cool. I bet I can. Okay. Yeah. I'm 99% sure. And they can just go bing bang right down. Yeah. They'll just start injecting you in the morning. They'll give you an IV of stem cells, they'll inject 'em into the areas that are hurt. Interesting. Yeah. It'll help you. Guaranteed. It'll help. Right. You know, it sounds like your shoulder's pretty fucked, but yeah, like I said, hang in there as this shit's coming. So I'm, I'm kind of probably doesn't look like it to you, but I'm actually in the process.


I've had 10 years of allowing myself to be in a certain shape and playing all sorts of roles with that. But when I finished Nuremberg in April or so, I just said, okay, that decade's over, and I'm gonna go back the other way. So I was 126 kilos when I came off Nuremberg. I'm currently 112 and a half. Nice. Just slowly and slowly, You know, that's the right way to do it. But What, what I'm looking forward to is that all of the You know guys that are 10 years my junior who are going, mate, you fucking let yourself go, haven't you You know. Okay. Whatever. I'm gonna just be passing them on the escalator as I go down and go enjoying yourself.


Yeah. Yeah. I just, I feel even if I, I start working less, which is something that's also in the back of my mind. If I'm gonna spend more time for myself and not working, than I wanna be in a particular place, You know, so I can enjoy it A little bit More. Sure. Yeah. Just physically you'll feel a lot better. Yeah. Just moving around. But it has been a very interesting decade, You know, and it's funny in my business on how, how much it can affect your friendships, what you look like, Really. Oh, for sure. Absolutely. For sure. In what way? Well, Just who stops calling you and stuff? They stop calling you if you gain weight. Oh, for sure. For sure.


Really? Oh, those aren't real friends. Well, that's exactly right. Yeah. So it's been a lovely process of Elimination, Just cleaning a few things out. How bizarre. It's, yeah. I and I don't know where I'll get to, but in my mind, I'm aiming for about a hundred, 405. Nice. Like that. You'll get there. Come on, man. Yeah. Well that, That should be relatively easy. Yeah. You know. But for me, fighting weight's 80 kilos. Mm. That's, you know, Can you get there? I don't Think So. Why not? Well, I bet you can. Well, It's just, the thing is, I can't because of all the damage everywhere, because what I used to do is just outrun my, the, you know. Right. Go, go through a period of, you know, abusing yourself and then just outrun it and I simply can't do that anymore.


you know, I just can't outrun the years of, you know, of abuse. Can you use an airdyne, an airdyne bike? Yeah, I've got them. You know? Yeah. Those are the shit. Yeah. Those, I did that stupid thing today. That's torture. Yeah. What I'm trying to do is actually make the adjustments without relying on You know Olympic level physical preparation. You know. I'm just trying to bring it down purely through diet and, you know, and the fact that I've been losing weight while I'm on a tour like this, where you don't have consistency in the way you can exercise and the food that's available to you. You know, two o'clock in the morning after you finish a gig is You know is pretty hairy.


The fact that I've actually still been able to come down is amazing. I've never been on a tour with a band in my life, and I've been doing this stuff since the early eighties and lost weight. You go on tour, you gain weight. Right. That's what happens. So it's been pretty, I'm really looking forward to the being back on the farm where it can be consistent and add a little sort of consistent exercise to it. I don't know what the rules in Australia are for peptides. Do You know what kind of regulations they have there? I, I'm pretty sure that they're available, but you can't use them in a professional sense, which doesn't affect my job. But, but You know, like sports people can't use Them. Right. Sports, sports people can't use 'em here either.


Unfortunately, all they do is help you heal. Especially things like BPC 1 57. They just help heal injuries. And they've recently banned that here for some fucking stupid reason. None of it makes any sense. What you can get versus what has not shown any adverse side effects. But then you have to go through this insane process to get it legalized. That takes forever and costs insane amounts of money. Right. And just, that's what they're in there right now. But peptides can help you tremendously, tremendously, helps, helps you heal, helps your, your body. Regenerate tissue helps you lose weight. It can help you in a lot of ways, right? Yeah. There's a lot of different things you can do. But I'll, I'll connect you with these waste to, well people, they can help you a lot.


And also just eat nothing but steak. Eat every, all just eat only your steaks get on a carnivore diet. High protein, low carbs. Right. You just lose weight quick like that anyway because your body's like easily satisfied. Right. If you're only eating meat and protein, you only eat so much and then you're done. Right. Your body like knows how to regulate exactly what you have and then also then you'll be in a state of ketosis. Yeah. A lot Of times now that I've made the decision, it's quite interesting what's happening to my, just, just the food intake. You know, I You know, yesterday I was eating a steak, I was really enjoying it, but I didn't finish it. I got to a certain point when actually I'm good.


You Know. Yeah. So it's just a funny thing, you know, like You know we've talked before about the power of the imagination or whatever. You know, I've, I've now made the decision Yes. That I'm going the other way. Yeah. And You know, as long as I'm You know, clear about that decision, then things just You know. You just start to fold in under what you've You know the decision you've made. Right. So yeah. You're, you move into that direction. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I, I'm just sort of take, you know, taking the attitude. I'm not slavishly weighing myself every day. I'm not You know. There's nothing, it's not schedule specific You know, which has been so much of my life. I'm prepping for a thing that happens on a certain date.


You've got x amount of time to get to that place. you know this. I'm like, I'm really taking it on board as a, a decision I've purely made for my own reasons. You know. And that is, you know, when it's summertime, I like taking my shirt off by the pool. You know. Right. So it's like, all right, I've had 10 years without doing that. So now I'm going back the other way. Do you, what exercise can you do that doesn't hurt Oddly enough. and I just, I would never have thought this You know, and it doesn't seem logical, but You know when it got to a point with my Achilles that was affecting everything that I was doing, You know. And they set me up.


I, I did You know, full blood injections, platelet rich injections, did all of that stuff, you know, and then you're banging yourself with painkillers 'cause you, it, it's such a, a heavy hit when you do that sort of thing. Particularly with the Achilles You know and the Moon Boot and all that You know. And it just wasn't working man. and I was doing the rehab exercises and everything and I could feel that with the rehab exercises that they were damaging the area. Mm. They weren't making it better. You know. So I kind of said to the guy that I was working with that's just like, I gotta stop. I gotta stop. 'cause every time I see you, then I limp the next day. you know? But if I don't do the exercises, You know after a certain amount of time, the limp gets less You know.


So I have to come up with some other way of doing it. And he said I was crazy at the time or whatever. Then I started going out with a girl who loves playing tennis. I used to like playing tennis was when I was younger. So, cool. Let's play tennis. You know our romance is based on the fact that the first time I played tennis, I couldn't beat her. Ah, Okay. I've gotta keep you around and play you enough times till I work out how to grind you into the dirt young lady. And, but here's the thing with tennis, with a short bursts of running, right. And it's sort of like, it's not constant like 10 ks on a treadmill or out on the road or whatever.


It's just a short burst of running. Right. And then you've got a minute while you sort of gather yourself together. You have a, a break between games or whatever. And then another burst of running, another burst of running. I seem to have rehabbed my Achilles by playing tennis. Wow. That would be the last thing I would suggest. I would think that that springing would be right. The recipe for disaster Be Yeah. But because it's like a momentary movement. But You know, with tennis, if you getting to the ball, you've gotta use 100% of yourself. you know, you're going for that ball and, and it's all in, but it's three or four steps. Right. you know, and then you have a sort of like, A little bit of a break, or now the next shot. You don't have to put so much effort into it, whatever. And it just seems to, I have, you know, I had years and years, man.


I mean, I'm talking about from 98 onwards. Right? So that's through all of those movies. We, were talking about like Gladiator, like Al Commander, like Cinderella, man, Noah, whatever. The problem with my Achilles is always present, always present. You know. But since You know, the last five years, it's gone away. I don't think about it every day. and I, I walk without limp now. Wow. And that's Just tennis. I wonder how much of that is the same thing, like the direction you've made this direction to beat this woman at tennis. You gotta get good at tennis in your mind is, your mind is saying to your body, all right, you gotta fix this fucking problem with the Achilles. Right. I I'm gonna need those.


Yeah. We're gonna need those. We're gonna need to fire up all the resources to, but It could be also too, that those platelet rich injections and stuff that they were doing in the timeline that they were considering to be the right timeline is incorrect. The timeline is in fact a lot longer. Mm. you Know, perhaps. Yeah. And, and I think if you look at the tennis thing, it actually recreates the rehab exercises. Sure. But you're not doing You know five sets of 10. Right. You Know you're doing A little bit, and then the next day you might do that same move again or whatever. You know, but it's not wearing it down at the same time. Right. That's what I found with the rehab exercises that it felt to me, as I said, I think that I was re-injuring.


Mm. you know, they would stretch, stretch, stretch to a certain point. And that's good. Then you do that one set of them too many, and you feel that little click again. And You know that, that, that it's retard. You know. Yeah. That makes sense. It's, it's like limited plyometrics. That's what it's like. You know. It does make sense. But it's, it's funny that that's the thing that got you healthy again. 'cause that Is, I mean, crazy, right? Yeah. So, opposite of what I think anybody would recommend Doesn't seem to You know bear logic. But here it is, you know, sort of, and You know, I've started riding bicycles again now and everything because it got to the point, man with the pain. You know, if you went on a, a mountain bike for 15 or 20 Ks, it's just white hot pain in the back of my heels.


You know Oh. yeah. That can't be. But now I'm enjoying it again. And You know, having fun with it. So You know. It's, it's Cool. That's a beautiful thing. Yeah. So love. Yeah, love, love in the ability to decide that you want to beat this person. Yeah. And I did, like I ended up, There was one time in Melbourne. We played indoors on the, the practice course they have for the open six. Love and I never let her forget it. She still will beat me quite regularly, but I do have that one pure moment of victory that I, I recall for her. That's hilarious. The motivation.


It's interesting how motivation is such a, a, a massive factor in success. Like what, what are you actually enthusiastic about? It's just that the direction that your mind will put your body through when you've made a decision like that. Have you got kids? Yes. Yeah. Have, what are their ages? I have a 28-year-old. Oh wow. I have a 16-year-old and a 14-year-old. Okay. Yeah. Cool. And that you dig being a dad, I mean, that's silly question. I love it. Yeah. Yeah. I love it. Cool. It's bizarre. It's a bizarre education in who you are as a human being. Absolutely. The reflection you have on these, but Possibly that greatest human privilege. Yeah. Right. I, I used to think, I used to think differently about it.


I used to think that everybody should, when I first started having kids, I felt, felt like everybody should have kids. I don't think that now anymore. But I think that for me, it's been one of the most, one of the most impactful and powerful things ever in my life. It's changed me as a human being in so many different ways. Right. Dave, Dave Chappelle has a great phrase about it that I always repeat. He said, not only did it increase the amount of love I have, it increased my capacity for love. And for me, it also made me change the way I think about people. Right. Because I used to think if I met a guy and he was 50 years old, I was like, that's a 50-year-old guy. Now I meet him and I go, oh, he used to be a baby. I used to be a kid. I used to be a little kid. I think of the whole path of that person becoming an adult now.


I never used to do that before. Yeah. Well I'm at that place now where my eldest is in university and my youngest is about to finish high school. And we've, it's just You know. It's amazing. We've had a funky life in that You know There was divorce involved and, and things like that. So we haven't always been together, you know. But I can honestly say that my two favorite people to spend time with in the world, You know, and the things that we can do now, you know, with this little head that was nothing but just a You know, a bundle of, of blankets.


You know. I can now have these incredible discussions with Yeah. You know my eldest went into university to do an arts degree. Right. Didn't find it challenging. So without any discussion, just flipped his degree and he's now doing Latin and ancient Greek. Whoa. Yeah. And I'm like, that's a big change. And he's like, well, I just worked out how to make the education system work for me. and I'm like, this guy, wow, he's so impressive. You know. And it's like You know. I remember the first time he said a word You know.


And now he has the intellectual capacity to realize that You know this is a moment in his life. If he grabs what he can in terms of his education and he's looked at Latin and Greek and gone, if I can nail Latin and Greek, every language is available to me. Ah. So it's like, it's just You know. I mean, to sit back and be impressed with your kids, that sort of Level. That's amazing. Yeah. You know. And look, I think they're, they're both really creative. But you know, the navigation aspect, how you help people You know. Right. Your children navigate the world. Don't yell too much. Yeah. But how do you explain Right. Some of the bullshit that goes on politically and stuff.


'cause I remember being extremely idealistic when I was like, You know my teen years and, and very politically focused. and I just got to a point where I was like, You know, everyone's a bullshit artist. Yeah. There's not one of these guys that I can really say that You know I'd follow into battle, so I'll just stop worrying about politics and go into something else. You know. But you see the same processes going on with 'em. They, they're trying to reach out to something to believe in. And then somebody that they believed in You know has a policy or whatever that You know is completely a, a barrant to the way of, of thinking. So you can see them having to come to grips with You know it's very hard to find a hero.


Yeah. You know, particularly in that world. It's particularly in that world. But that world is set up for fools. It's, it's set up for people that can just become a figurehead. Well I dunno who set it first, but it was used in the Andrew Lloyd Webber, Tim Rice musical Avita politics is the art of the possible You know. So it's not Right. It's not really connected to anything. It's like, what can we get away with? Right. What Can we tell you that we're going to do and then never do it. Right. It's the art of the Possible. Well you're seeing that now in American politics more than ever. 'cause the person that's actually in office is saying what she's gonna do if she gets into office. Right. Which is just like, You're there, You're there.


This is madness. Like this is, and people are like, yeah, she's gonna do it. Like she's been in there for three fucking years. Like, whatcha are you talking about? This is crazy. But people want to believe so badly. We want someone to be the person that rescues us from whatever situation we're currently in. And that's always been the case. And the unfortunate thing is You know and it affects, you know, Australia as much as it affects here. You know we have such a, an aggressive media situation and a media's need for new information, new stories, whatever that, you know, that timeline is, you're just not gonna get people of quality stepping into that world anymore.


No. You know. No. Who Would wanna put themselves through that? There's probably hundreds of potentially incredible presidents Oh yeah. In this country. But they're too smart to walk that way. You Know. Yeah. It's a real problem. It's a real problem. It's only gonna get worse. And our desire and our hunger for bullshit and to focus on what did he do when he was in high school? Right. You know. What did she say when she was on Twitter when she was 22? Like, what the fuck are you talking about? Like, we have to put that shit aside, recognize that people are just human beings and stop dragging out old shit just to make your party win. 'cause it ruins the entire system. Yeah. Well that that is the thing, isn't it?


It's just like You know picking a color and no matter what happens under the banner of that color, you're just sticking with the color. Yep. Yep. And it's like, well that's not really gonna help any of us. No You know. That's not the way it's gonna get. I Don't know what your political system's like, but we're completely trapped in this two party system. Yeah. We have the same sort of situation. It's, but we have a very interesting thing that's happening in Australia at the moment, which is the rise of independence. And it's happened federally and also at a state level too, but also in, in city government as well, where non-party affiliated people are standing. And so now you have a situation where in the Parliament you have a group of them as You know, I can't, I dunno the exact number.


It's 10 or 15 or something independent. So, you know, the main party has to deal with the fact that those independents are gonna bring a non-party line series of points to the argument. you know, and it's, it's working well, you know, it's working for us in that it's making both of the main parties reexamine who they are and, and what they stand for. you know? Yeah. We could use that here for sure. 'cause people are just so sick of that. Yeah. You know color choice. Yeah. They're reaching for something else. Well, it's also, people recognize that a lot of us that claim to be on one side or the other really are somewhere in the middle.


Most people have opinions that are A. little bit of a conglomeration of both Yeah. Conservative and liberal perspectives. Yeah. Especially like liberal, socially, fiscally conservative. There's a lot of people like that. Yeah. And they're not represented. They're Not at the moment. No, not at the moment. And in this country, it's the worst that's ever been in terms of the polarization of the two sides. Right. And what You know, you think of the other side as an idiot, no matter what, no matter what, that person's gotta be a moron. They, they think differently than I do. Or they support this side, I support that side and I'm all in on my team and they're all in. It's just, it just, it's a tribal thing as tribal as any other thing that we have in, in, in the world and in this country. It just doesn't work.


And it, we just get captivated by corporations because of that. And it's also, the money in politics is so extraordinary, which is something that should have never been allowed to happen. Yeah. Yeah. The old You know the, those campaign fundraising situations Yeah. And the amount of money they just pour into, but also the rules around the engagement You know what I mean? The, the rules of, you know, what you can say in an ad Yeah. That's negative about the other person. It's like, come on, it's ridiculous. Yeah. you know, it's like these apocalyptic two minute blast that come outta your television. It's just all bullshit. Right. But if you are leaning that way Yeah.


Then You know it helps your outrage. Yeah. And it helps you confirm that. Yes. Well that's, you know, I'm against that, you know, but when it's just a series of exaggerations and lies and it just doesn't help anybody. Well, in this country, Kamala Harris recently got caught because the campaign was using articles and they changed the article, they changed, like the titles of the article, they, they put out like fake positive articles. Right. And the, the fact that you can do something like that, you can persuade people to think that people are writing about something when you're actually putting it out there. Right. Which is just bananas. Right. It's just a complete manipulation of the zeitgeist. We've Got a situation in Australia at the moment where politicians are suing people for, you know, what they say is the loss of their reputation or whatever.


Right. Because that person might have commented somewhere on social media or something and said, You know X person is X. And so now You know they've wor the certain politicians have worked out, oh, I can make money out of this. Oh Jesus. So they're using their privileged position to then go and destroy somebody's life. it might have called them a name on social media. Jesus Christ. Really, Mate. It's a bit much. Yeah. You gotta put a stop to that. If you're in the public eye, you gotta recognize people are gonna throw rocks. Absolutely. Man. As you're standing for Yeah. For for parliament, you know, or Congress or whatever. It Goes For the territory, mate. Yeah. And it also, it's stifles free speech because it scares people into censorship.


Right. Well that's, that's where it gets really dark. Yeah. So now you're saying that you can't make a negative comment about somebody who's in power because they will now take your house away. Yeah. That's crazy. That's Dark. Yeah. Yeah. Well, in the UK there's a lot of people that are getting jailed too. It's, it's a very bizarre time for free speech when we should have the most, we have the most access to information that's ever been available. And because of that, people are now weaponizing that access. Right, right. Instead of You know, it's not like there's someone in the pub listening to you say something negative about a politician. But when you say something on Twitter or on Facebook to your group of friends, you think of it as the same as you saying something in a pub.


Right. Like, this is my opinion. Fuck that guy. Right. And all of a sudden you're in a lawsuit with that guy. Right. It's not, it's not good. And you don't have any money and you're like, oh Jesus, Do you use Twitter and things like that Occasionally. Yeah. I, I do what I call post and ghost. I post it and then I don't read nothing about what I said, just get out of there. Right. I don't wanna be involved in anybody else's opinions. I Used to like it, man. I, you know, I was probably a, a relatively early adopter, you know, of it. But for a while there it was like, oh, this is the thing that we've been looking for in that I can put a, a post up here saying that I'm gonna do a show in Germany and I don't have to spend a dollar on advertising.


Right. Or, you know, do the interviews and stuff. You know. And for a while there it was really potent, but it's definitely dropped off. You know, it seems like there's a whole lot of people, the people that you'd want to be reading your stuff that have just decided, You know my life's a lot better if I don't Yeah's the problem If I just get away from this negativity. Well, There's so much negativity because You know, first of all the algorithms. So the algorithms enhance what you get involved with. And for the most part, people like to get involved with things that infuriate them. They get in, they like to get involved with things that make them upset. Right. That's what it distracts them from their daily life. Or maybe they're, they're the, it's the thing that they think is an existential threat.


And so it's consume them and so they wanna talk about it constantly. And so that's all you get. I do feel we've got so many people around the world, places like Australia, like New Zealand, like England, like here, you know, whose anger is all based on misinformation. Mm. You know. And they're sort of like, they've had their morality rewired because they've been pummeled so much by stuff, but by somebody who doesn't care. Right. What their response is doesn't care whether what their publishing is true. You know. They just don't care. I mean, I don't know if you, you ever saw it, but I, I played Roger Ailes in a TV series called The Loudest Voice, which basically is the beginning of Fox.


And Roger had been a political pundit. He'd worked on television in the sixties, but then he met Richard Nixon and became an advisor to Nixon. And he tried to set up You know a White House news service back in the late sixties. Tried it again in the seventies, tried it again in the early eighties, but the technologies just wasn't there and the money wasn't there. But then he met Rivet Murdoch and explain to Rupert that all you need to do to attract 50% of the news audience is just make a decision politically. Mm. Because that's half the available audience You know.


Yeah. And the way You know, I, I can't remember all the figures and everything, but the way he set up Fox News, it just became an absolute cash cranking machine. you know, because they got it into the affiliates and stuff like that by offering it at a lower price. And then You know got to his, you know, subscriber numbers that still had it making money between advertisers and subscribers at that lower price. So when that first deal then changed after 10 years and people were then charged, You know the subscribers were paying a regular price, all of that was profit.


Mm. because you already had it working at the lower price You know and I, I think it's something like You know it was 10 bucks a head in a, in an atmosphere where it was normally 33 Mm. So then when that first contract finished and it went to the normal subscriber rate, You know you've got that difference in 77 million subscribers times an extra $23. And that's the beginning of opinion based news coverage Foxes. Yeah. Yeah. Because that's when things got very Polarized, which is one publishable option. Yeah. Yeah. And then you have a real problem today on social media where you have bots where there's a Yeah. A really an unknown number of entities that are commenting constantly in one way or another Yeah.


About political issues that aren't even real people. Right. It's computer bot farms. But it gives, it gives the impression Exactly That there's You know more people for a particular situation than there in is. In fact, in actual Reality, There was an FBI analyst that he made an estimation that it's, it could be as many as 80% of the people on Twitter or bots Makes the whole thing useless then, doesn't it? It kind of does in a way. But also there are real people. You just gotta find those real people. Yeah. And there's plenty of interesting people to find. And anything that's free and open is gonna be messy, You know. And that's, I think what I used to do is just have anybody got on my timeline and chucked in some negative shit, I just blocked them.


Yeah. Just get 'em out there You know that's a good move. And, and for a long time it kept that sort of village of people in a sort of a comfortable place. 'cause I just got rid of You know those voices. But now you have the situation where You know there's ads running and stuff on, on your timeline and you're not allowed to block it anymore. You can't stop Yourself. You can't stop the Ads. Yeah. But it's not, it's, it's funny 'cause they're running like ads or they're popping up as ads, but it's, it's kind of, it'll have something dark in there. You know that then because it's on your timeline, will attract more darkness. But you can't get rid of it anymore. You can't just block it and check it out. you know, I mean, you can do it with individuals, but that's just a strange little thing that's happened.


Yeah. It is a strange little thing that's happened. I, I, like I said, I just don't engage. I only post things. I never got into Facebook. I never really, so I don't understand it. and I don't really understand Instagram either though. We use it for stuff to, in inform people about gigs with the band. But you know, Twitter was the only one that I was interested in because it was, it was whack, it was funny. And it was like, you know, and you're connecting to people all over the world. And I've had some, you know, really funny situations Arise You know because of something I commented on that then somebody gave me another piece of information about, or whatever, You know. So I've learned a hell of a lot out of it. But just the last year or two, it's gotten worse. You know, it's, it's gotten to to a kind of a harsh place.


Yeah. It's gonna continue in that way too. It's, that's how you get engagement. Unfortunately. There's also a lot of fun stuff. I mean, memes, I laugh harder at things that I find online today. I mean, I think there's more comedy in online today than there's ever been before. There's more funny memes. I mean, it's like a completely new form of art. Yeah. Images with funny titles and funny captions. Yeah. There's a few of me around, Ah, I'm sure. I'm sure There's one particular one that comes up all the time as a shot from Les m where I'm looking this doorway and I'm, I'm in You know police uniform of the time and I just kinda go slide into this and people apply it to so many different situations.


The animated gif like when Homer Simpson melts into the Bushes, One of those, it's like that. Yeah. It's like that. Yeah. There's a ton of those. You know, I mean I, I think it's fascinating because it's a new thing. I think all this in information that's being exchanged online, even though it's messy, even though it's kind of negative, I'm very hopeful because I think, I think we're going to figure all that stuff out eventually if we don't kill ourselves. And it's going to get to a better place of understanding human beings. Because you're gonna be human beings just interacting with human beings in a pure sense without forming our narratives from mass media without forming our narratives from television.


You're gonna get dissenting opinions, people that give more nuanced perspective on things. And if you follow the right people and you read the right things and you do kind of shy away from a lot of the more polarizing arguments and the ideological stuff, you can learn a lot of shit. I think I'm very hopeful about it. Right. But yeah. Well I always You know, I I try not to see us at our worst You know there's always sort of something that I can find that gives me A little bit of hope with people. Yeah, Yeah. But it's, it's, it's just funny because it, to me, It would, it felt like the beginning of the future, you know, that we're now connected and information exchange was, was open and I thought this is gonna lead to great changes and it has led to changes, but they're not so great.


Yeah. You know, I mean it's like You know, even with a little operation, like my band You know, somebody just pops up, they start telling, selling fake tickets, fake meet and greet experiences, you know? Yep. They take money and orders for merchandise that they're never gonna produce. You know, it's just, it's crazy. I mean, You know and there's no, there's nothing in there stopping them from doing it. Right. That is a problem. Yeah. I'm optimistic and even in the face of all this stuff, I'm optimistic. I think we're moving to a greater place of understanding each other. It's just gonna be a, a wild ride. Right. You know, Full contact by 2027. Is that what they say?


I don't know. What do you think? I don't know man, I don't know. But I like reading all that stuff. Yeah, I do too. I get too involved in it. Yeah. I, but I try and try and shy away from coming up with a definitive opinion because right then you're sort of out on the edge of that limb and you go, well it looked like that to me. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. But It would, it just would be, it'll be interesting the next couple of years for sure. you know, I think I'm, I'm a little worried about America in the next little while You know I haven't been here for five years, man. 2019 I finished the loudest Voice and I went home and then Covid hit and I had kind of an incredible experience where You know, I I said to my boys, look, You know you are cool in the city with your mom and everything, but I might go up to the bush and be with my parents because You know they're older and everything's gonna change for 'em and stuff like that.


So I ended up You know, I've owned my place in the bush since 96, but 2020 was the first time I'd seen all four seasons of the same year at the farm, you know, and I got this thing where You know my dad dies in March, 2021. And so often you talk to people and they say, You know, I wish I had one more dinner, one more hug, one more conversation or whatever, you know. But when I looked at it, because it was a surprise when he died, it wasn't, it wasn't expecting he was 85, but he seemed to be quite healthy You know. And in reality when I looked at it, it's like, well I got a whole year, I got a whole year of like You know having dinner pretty much every night with, with my mom and dad and I asked him a million questions and stuff.


Not 'cause I thought he was about to pass away. It was just because You know we had the time together, you know, and it took him on a few adventures, you know, like I was digging a a, a huge dam on my place to try and make it, you know, drought proof You know. So I now have a 70 mega liter lake in the middle of my place, which gives me enough water to feed the cattle and stuff for seven years, something like that. You know. And you know, like one day we went out, I went out to show him this You know what was basically a hole in the ground at the time about a You know football field size hole in the ground. And I took him out there in a, in a buggy and the clouds came over and it started pissing down with rain.


So I've got You know an 83-year-old old man who fucking You know doesn't move too fast or whatever, and I've gotta put him back in the buggy and drive. And by the time we got like halfway back to the house, it was absolutely torrential rain. You know, it was just like getting covered. And I was so worried. I thought, oh my god, You know I'm gonna make him sick or whatever. You know, right. I got him back to the house and I said, I'm so sorry about that. He said, are you kidding? That's the most fun I've had in years. These people You know, referring to my mother and the other people that you know, are there to sort of like You know, help him out. He goes, these people don't let me do anything. So it was just had little moments like that where we You know, just got to share some stuff. But, you know, and then my schedule has been extremely busy since Covid, but I've been working in other places, you know, Thailand, Malta, Hungary, England, you know, just constant, constantly working.


But because of what we learned with Covid in terms of being able to just drop in on a TV show my studio on the farm, I mean, now push a few buttons and I can be live on You know a New York Tonight show, you know, so I've restructured what I do with press, you know, I do my junkets at my house, You know and I might have a nice shirt here, but just like today, I've got shorts on underneath and I walk out of You know a a day of press and I'm in the bush. Nice. You know I got the horses and the cows and the dogs and I'm You know. Cool. So it's sort changed my life, but it's meant I haven't been here. So it's been a five year gap, you know, to flying into New York the other day.


And it's a palpable difference in the way You know people regard each other and the way they talk and the, the fears they express You know. Surprisingly though New York felt friendlier. Really? Yeah. Interesting. And it might have something to do with the weed shops. Everybody Was just a little more chilled You know, but there's, there's a fear in everybody at the moment here and I. I'm just not sure where that's gonna go. You know it doesn't feel healthy. Yeah. It doesn't feel healthy for me either. Listen man, I really, Here's the thing with America, right? You've gotta remember that it is the beacon of freedom for everybody in the world.


It's a huge responsibility. You know. And if people, if people are looking for something to change in their life or something positive, the vast majority of people will look towards America and say, well that's the beacon You know I wanna live like that. Where people can say what's on their mind and people can have differing opinions. People can be of all different, you know, racist religions or whatever and still be in the same community. You know. It's so important that America remains healthy into the future for everyone, not just for Americans. Agreed. Thank you very much man. Thanks for being here. I really enjoyed our conversation. My pleasure. It was beautiful. Thank you For everything.


And my son Tenon is gonna be so happy that when he sees my name come up on the, on the list of things, he's gonna be Very happy. And I, I wanna just thank you on his behalf You know for being a voice that accepts different opinions, You know and doesn't push a particular agenda. you know, you've definitely helped his brain expand and helped him become curious. And so I thanks for that. Beautiful. Thank you. Cool. Thanks for everything. Cheers man. Say hi to your son. Bye everybody.


Thank you.