(2s):
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The. Joe Rogan. Experience. Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. What's up? Hey, what's going? How we going? Thanks for having, thanks for coming in. My. pleasure. It's going on an honor. Good to good. Yeah. Good to be here. The cold showers what we're talking about before. Yeah. Yeah. Those are the hardest. Oh, well, New York City cold showers in the winter are be Because it doesn't get your whole body, so you actually have to constantly move around and refreeze your ass off. you know what I mean? It's hard to breathe too. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I used to do them for a while though. When I was a kid, when I used to do martial arts, there's this dude I used to work out with named Bob Cella, and he was like a real psycho.

(46s):
And Bob used to always take sh cold showers. He said it was good for the spirit. It is. We would all be sitting around going, what the fuck is wrong with him? This guy's in the, the shower. It was January in Boston, and this guy's in the show just fucking freezing. But I, I feel like when you do it, it's like you feel afterwards. This awakeness Oh. yeah. That you only get with drugs like that. Like fucking like, oh. I'm like, you never realize how not present you are until you take a cold plunge and then you're, oh, now I'm fucking in the world. Right. Because your body's trying to protect you from dying You know. Yeah. Which is a real rush. It's it, well, it really is though. It's norepinephrine. That's the big one. Yeah. Dopamine kicks up everything and it lasts for hours. That's what I tell people, even though they don't want to do it.

(1m 27s):
I'm like, I know. It sucks. I don't think it's good. I don't, I don't get in and go, this is amazing. Yeah. I'm the best. I get in and I go, oh, this is fucking Jesus Christ. Just keep it together and I just try to stay calm. But I know when I get out, I'm gonna feel great for hours. Exactly. Exactly. Hours and hours. Except for the time I did it on your instruction and fucked up. But it was like jackass doing it at home and like losing, getting a nut ripped off. I did the, I saw you do it. It looked great. Put the ice in the bath and I was just cold for like two days straight. It was crazy. Yeah. I wouldn't recommend doing it for 10 minutes the first time. Yeah. You, you went a little crazy. I went a little crazy. Yeah. But kudos to you for doing it. It's fucking hard to do. 10 minutes.

(2m 7s):
Well, I don't like, it's Crazy. I used to do a lot of drugs. I don't really do drugs anymore. I mean, I'll do edibles and occasionally crate 'em, so I guess I do some drugs and I'll do cocaine and heroin, but I'm pretty clean. Other than that, I mean, I eat processed foods. A lot of dessert, but fuck it. Yeah. I mean crystal meth, but that's it. and I drink whiskey. No rocks. But I, I don't do like the big drugs. So the cold plunge is really the closest to get to that high. Yeah. if you could get that in a pill, It would be a very popular pill. I know people would be taking it all day long. I know. But part of it is probably going through the pain, right? Yeah. This is better for your brain because there's a thing, there's a part in your brain. Andrew Huberman has talked about this. I forget what it, it's actually called.

(2m 48s):
But there's a part of your brain that actually grows when you force yourself into do difficult things. Like say, if you're a person who likes to run and you, you force yourself, I'm gonna run five miles every morning for 60 days. Like if you can actually do that. So An asshole. Yeah. This is my Fred Camp. I'm trying to imagine myself running, I Have a buddy of mine that was doing a marathon every day. Oh, really? Yeah, He's a psycho. He does these ultra marathons. Oh my God. Where they run for three days. He does. It's like For Gump. But he No, for Gump was No, Fort Gump was running. Yeah. Yeah. Jeez. He ran across America. But they do these things through the mountains. Like they do the Moab, I think it's the Moab two, 200 or two 40.

(3m 30s):
So it's 240 miles through mountains. It's not just like straight 240 miles, like you're going over mountains and hills and shit. It's insane. I can run for about seven minutes and I'm probably lying about that. I'm definitely lying. I can run for about four minutes before I have to like stop. I don't, I used to not run at all. And then I, I entered into a 5K and I couldn't believe how hard it was to do. It's insane. I thought I was in reasonably good shape. Yeah. It's crazy how much more in shape other people are. Well, especially running shape. Like the runners are people who can do the sprints. The You know man. They can do something for like a really long time that I can do for maybe like two seconds.

(4m 12s):
I think They're drug addicts too though. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Natural drugs and the, the natural runner's high, what do you call it? Yeah. Ephedrine. Not ephedrine. Euphoria. Yeah. What is it called? Whatever that Thing is. Runner's euphoria. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know what the, what are the actual chemicals that get released during a runner's high? What we We will find that out. Yeah. It's gotta be dopamine. But there's a thing that you do when you do a lot of cardio where you do get really high. You Yes. Not, not high in a bad way, but high in like a very chilled endorphin. Endorphin. That's What I was looking for. Popular culture identifies these chemicals behind the runner's high. So you just, it says a short lasting how only thing is that short lasting, but You have to do it for a while. You have to run for like, I think 45 minutes.

(4m 53s):
Oh, here it goes. It says for up to a few hours. That makes sense. So the bliss, it can last anywhere from a few minutes to a few hours, But it's side effects. Yeah. No, I mean, that's when you don't do drugs. Like that's the only way. Yeah. Yeah. My dad plays tennis every day for like five hours. That's a good thing. That's his, yeah. Yeah. Great thing. He's obsessed. He watches, all he does is play tennis or watch tennis. Really? That's all. He just a tennis freak. He's a tennis Freak. And he's retired, so he plays tennis all day. Retired, Just plays tennis. He has one of those rackets where you, he's a real nerd about where you plug it into the computer and look at the data. Whoa. And then he is either playing tennis or doing that, or just watching tennis on tv. Wow. That's all he cares about.

(5m 33s):
See, that's one, if you get into you, you're relying on your vehicle. Unfortunately. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. you know, like if you're getting at chess, you could pretty much always move those fucking things around. Yeah. Yeah. You know if you really get obsessed with chess. Chess is My favorite sport, But really, I'm only outta breath after the first 45. Do you play chess? I used to play chess. I used to be in the chess club. Oh, no kidding. I don't play anymore as well, but I, I love chess. Yeah. I'm scared of Jess. Really? Yeah. I'm scared I'd get addicted to it. Like the same reason why I won Won't, it's not crack. Right. But I don't have any time. Ah. It's like, that's why I won't play golf. Same thing. Like I'm sure I've never played golf. The golfers like Jamie Jamie's big golfer. They'll tell you how awesome it is. I'm like, I believe you don't, I'm not, not gonna try it. I'm not. I'm, I'm not. I gonna let, its get, its fucking fangs into me.

(6m 14s):
That's how I feel About video games. Oh. yeah. Oh. yeah. One my comics friend play video games and I'm like, I think that's the worst drug. Yeah. 'cause then you're just doing, you're just wasting your life. There's no intervention. You Know. Also, it doesn't have to be sunny out. Yeah, exactly. Three in the morning. Like, I don't wanna go to bed. I Got, I was at my brother's place. I played a video game once and I didn't played it since like Golden Eye. So I didn't seen any of the improvements. Oh, wow. So I started playing. It's like, they're like movies now. It's like crazy. Yeah. and I got so hooked. There was a moment where I just like saw myself being addicted and just like snapped out of it. It was like four hours straight. Yeah. I had to quit cold Turkey. I used to play Quake online. It gets it, it like numbs you out. It's crazy. It's just too easy to get a game because you could always, at any moment in time, I could either be bored, I could be having a conversation that's boring.

(6m 59s):
Right. Or I could be doing something boring. Right. Or I can just log in and have a death match. One-on-one with some dude from fucking Denmark. I know. You know. Like, it's crazy. Like I, I remember typing like, where do you live? And then people are like, I'm in dystonia. Like, whoa. That's crazy. Like you, while You're killing them. Well, You kill each other and you make little pauses and you ask. It's fun. It's crazy. Yeah. It's fun. I just, yeah. I'm afraid to like waste all that time. But Yeah, A hundred percent. I'm like an i'll workaholic a bit, which obviously you are. Yeah. But that's, I think that's okay. As long as you're doing something that you actually enjoy. I don't think there's anything wrong with being obsessed with something. Yeah. No, I'm not a workaholic. When I, when I worked at Red Lobster, I was not a workaholic.

(7m 42s):
When I worked at Fish's Big Boy, I was not exactly. Let's get this right. I think that's the deal with a lot of kids that are bored in school and they're calling them a DHD. Right. I think they think that the subjects that are being discussed are boring as fuck. Of course. Why? They're bouncing off the walls. They're 13 years old. They have so much fucking heavy. Why is it never the teacher's fault? Exactly. It's like, why did the teachers say something interesting? It's insane. It's like to be like, oh no, no. They're just, it's like if an audience doesn't laugh and you're like, no, no, no, it's not that I'm not funny. It's that you have laughing deficit disorder. It's like, yeah. It's throwing the ball onto something else. Be interesting. There was an article in one of the science journals recently about when the science magazines recently about A DHD.

(8m 23s):
And then they were saying that it is, it was actually an advantage to think that way for hunter gatherers. Oh, wow. And that, that's, this is left over from where they, they're constantly looking at other things and trying to pay attention. And they could focus on one thing, like very intensely. Oh, wow. But they're scanning for a bunch of other stuff. Stuff. But You notice, yeah. You're like, oh, what's that? And then it's like a raspberry Also, They're always in activity, in motion. A DHD may have evolved to help forger know when to cut their losses. Oh, interesting. You're Too focused. You got, this is Interesting. You get killed. This is not the one that I read. 'cause this is from February, the one I read was just a couple of days ago. But symptoms, attention deficit, hyper hyperactivity disorder, such as impulsivity may have helped Forgers and Hunter gather communities quickly move on to new areas when food sources were low.

(9m 8s):
Oh, That's amazing. So if you're too focused, you, you don't, you don't know when to quit. Right. And then you get fucking killed or you run outta resources. That makes sense. Like you got, it's like an instinct. Let's get the fuck outta here. Right. And Right. Yeah. Well, You know, I got really addicted to Adderall, like everyone. Oh, wow. I'm scared of that too. I've never tried it. I Used to, when I was in after college, I started taking it like recreationally and I went to a, a psychiatrist and told her I had a problem. And she was like, well, we can prescribe it for you. Oh, Jesus Christ. That'll no longer be a problem. Oh My God. I was like, okay. I was thinking more like rehab. But what kind Of fucking psychiatrist are going, she's probably on outer roll right now.

(9m 48s):
Why don't you join me? It's insane. and I, let's Clean my house. I did it for like, I got super, I was doing 90 milligrams a day. I was like, is that a Lot, Jamie? That's a lot. It's a lot. A lot. What is a normal dose? 10. Yeah. When I did 20, I was fucking up for 48 hours or something like that. It's crystal Meth for nerds, but it's crystal meth. I mean, it's fucking, it's like, yeah. It's intense. I was so cock, I, I wrote poetry. That's how high I was. I thought I could write poetry. This, this gentleman, Norman Oler was on my podcast two weeks ago. Oh. And he wrote all about Meth. I Saw you posted about meth. The third rech. Dude, it's crazy. And Speed. Yeah. The Whole thing was meth. They were all methed up. They were methed up when they fucking did the Blitz Creek.

(10m 30s):
I do a bit about that now, about Hitler being on speed. I I'm obsessed with Hitler. I'm Like, oh man. I have like, one of my bookshelves is just all Holocaust and Hitler books. Really? Yeah. But I, I'm, I'm dying to read that. I know Goring was on everything. People were All on everything. Gor was on like huge painkillers the whole time. He Was like, so it was Hitler. Hitler was on one of the things, the misconceptions that he was on meth. It appears a lot of what he was on was Oxys. He was on Oxycodone. Wow. Yeah. They had the original oxycodone. So They're just like high. It's like when you get high and you run over someone and they're just like, they, they were like, what the fuck did I do when I was high? Like, shit, They don't even care. I killed all the juice. Did you ever see that video of the lady who's on pills and the cops are telling her to pull over and she doesn't know why?

(11m 12s):
And she has no wheel on her car. Her car is like spitting flames. Have you ever seen it? No. I've not seen it. And they pull over and she's like, what's the problem? And the, the cop's like, ma'am, are you on pills? Like, what the fuck is going on? How do you not know you lost a wheel on the highway? You know What I I You gotta see it. It's bonkers. No, that's insane. I, yeah, it is like the Nazis were just all on drugs. Which Yep. Is is just like a crazy, I mean, the whole third Wrike is surreal that they're creating this. Yeah. Look At this. So here's this lady. She's just driving like, nothing's wrong. Waving hi Back of another car near Quail Hill Shopping Center. She says her car just gave out. Police say the woman was not impaired and they didn't arrest Her.

(11m 52s):
What the fuck you talking about? That lady's on pills. If she's not impaired, she shouldn't be ever driving. if you don't notice, you lost a wheel. Right. That's a, that's a big red flag. Did they There, was is that the same one that might not have even been the same one. A longer video Of what was happening. Look on the screen longer video. Right. Okay. This is it. Like there's no way, you don't, don't know that. There's no way you don't know. And the truck's open Also. The back, the fucking pack is completely open. I say that's not even the big problem at this point. I can't imagine that she's not medicated. That doesn't make any sense to me. Like something's going on. If she Isn't medicated, she's psych. She's a psycho. You know. Right. Something's wrong if she's not medicated. Like she's got a blown fuse.

(12m 33s):
But also, that's how cars get, they catch fire like that. Like No, That's insane. Yeah. No, I, Yeah. What is this guy saying? Her erratic behavior. Are you having a hard day to drive? Because you could people, you could kill people. I just got diagnosed With pancreatic Cancer. I'm sorry. Oh, Jesus. Police told Us The, well, there we go. Now we're assholes. Well, Unless she's making it up, She might be making it up. That's the old, she might be telling the truth. Which makes sense. Where you're like, your whole world is like, what is life? I'm gonna die. Right. Real soon. And they can't fix this. And you're just, the car's fucking up. Yeah. And you don't even care. Yeah. That could be the patch is open. You don't even care. Yeah. Your world is over.

(13m 13s):
Or you're like, oh shit, I fucked up. Let me say something to get out of it. Right now. You're a cynic. I am an optimist. I look for the good in people. I Did a show once when I was like younger and I You know you when you start, you have like very, I mean, I guess I still have dark jokes, but I'm having some joke about Sids You know the sudden Infant Death. Oh. and I was doing it. It was like some pizza shop in my hometown in an audience. And one person in the audience looked really upset and I go, what? You don't like the joke? And they were like, our kid died of Sids. and I immediately like went into like, You know, like when you're starting out, I just went into the oldest safest material. I'm like, so I'm broke. Anyone else overdraft, You know. I just go right into it. Oh, panic. And Then at the end, I went up to him and her and I apologized. And he was like, oh, We were just joking.

(13m 56s):
I was like, that's the worst heckle ever. Oh, that's so mean. But I stopped doing that kind of joke afterwards. 'cause I was like, it's fine to do those kind of jokes, but you have to be prepared. Right. For I was not prepared. Like I don't wanna upset people like that. So I just stopped it. I see someone who lost their kid. Right. So I was like, I can't do those jokes. You. like, I'm not against someone doing like, that's like Anthony Jess. No, of course there's a shit ton of jokes like that. Of course. Yeah. They're, they're great people. Enjoy it. It's not bad. It's not bad comedy. It's like, but at least with a guy like Jesse, Nick, you should know what you're getting into. Right. And don't try to pretend there's something wrong with what he's saying. But all these other people don't have a problem with it. Right. Exactly. It's a taste thing.

(14m 36s):
Yeah, exactly. And it's a like, it's like, But when you start out, no one knows who the You know. No one knew who I was. Of course at that pizza shop in Bloomington, Indiana. That's why it's so dangerous. Yeah. That's what, but but the only way they're gonna find out that's the kinda stuff you do, is if you take those risks and do that kind of stuff and get in trouble, you gotta, You gotta do it. You gotta get in trouble. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, thank God I started before people film stuff. I said the worst. How many years are you in now? 17. Okay, good. That's great. That's great. I Said horrible shit. But it's not on film. So, but you also, you got in, I think the filming thing is fucking strange. Right? Because some people want to get filmed 'cause you can get some clips.

(15m 17s):
Right. Like interacting with the audience. Right. But it's like you, you have to have an opportunity to work out stuff. Of course. Yeah. Because there's times when you're on stage and you're saying things and you, you have a new bit and you don't know where you're taking it while you're taking it there. Of course. Yeah. And you have to like, that's why when they Luke the Louie thing. Yeah. It was any comic You, like criticized them should lose their comedian badge right away. They Have to me. Yeah. You, if you release something when they weren't planning for it, it doesn't matter what they said in it. You're at fault for releasing something. You know. Well it's, he obviously as an audience member that released it. But the comics had criticized him like, Hey man, fuck You. like you, you pretending, first of all, the guy didn't do comedy for 10 months. Yeah. And then second the stuff that he was saying, if You know him and you know, his act and I guarantee you fucking do.

(16m 1s):
'cause a lot of those people are just haters. Yeah. If you know him You know, given enough time, he would make that horrible premise. Yes. Really fucking funny. And frankly it Was pretty funny then. Pretty funny then it was pretty Funny. I Mean it was horrible that he is saying like, push the fat kid in front of you. But, but that's funny. But you don't think there would be layers upon layers that would make that joke brilliant in a year if you just let him do it and you Learn the cushions. Like he didn't have the cush. You learn Louis people like Louis the great comics are great at learning how to make a hard joke work. Yes. And he hadn't maybe developed the cushions yet on stage, but they would've come. He Hadn't done any comedy at all in 10 months. Yeah. No. So this is like literally the first set he did. I think anyone who criticized him about that was the kind of comedian who doesn't take risks.

(16m 44s):
Because if you take any risks, you wouldn't want stuff to be released. Right. Exactly. You know. And if you understand how jokes are developed, like Yeah, exactly. There's too many people that like got into it from something else and they did stand up in the beginning and then they got into it again. They could consider themselves standups and then they'll come out and criticize something like this. And you go, just shut the fuck up man. You're not even doing it. Right. Yeah. You're not the Yeah, You're not even doing it. Right. Like you, you saying that he's that this is bad. Like, come on man, we, this is how everybody creates material. You have to Yeah. Once he puts it on a special, then you can judge it once he decides. Exactly. But until then, yeah. Work on it. You know. Imagine if my Sid joke was filmed, I'd probably probably get some notoriety back then.

(17m 25s):
Well now on Twitter, you'd become a hero. Yeah. But no one knows about it except for me bringing it up right now. Except for all your listeners. It's Like you've gotta have a place where you can fuck around. And that's the problem with like filming all the time. Because there's, there's things that, like, you'll start a a bit off when you first start writing it and start making it. It's like, it's so different than when it finishes. Yes. And you gotta be able to find that And not have people see it. Yeah. Not have people see it. 'cause it's You know comedy is like, you want people to see the finished product, but it's embarrassing until then you're sweaty, you're working shit out. You're stumbling. Yeah. You're bombing You. like you don't want people to see that part. Well, it's fun to watch as an audience member though, one of my favorite things is watching a bit develop.

(18m 8s):
Yeah, for sure. You know, watching someone like come up with an initial premise and maybe they come in the green room. We're all brainstorming and trying to figure what is what, what part is where, where's it gonna get clunky? It's interesting. To me it's all a mystery. Like how it develops. Like, I mean, I think about, I listen to tapes, but when you just keep doing it, it just naturally edits itself. It's an interesting mystery where it naturally forms You Know. Right, right. As long as you're not rigid. Yes. Yes. And, and listen to it all. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause some people are rigid. And this is a problem that like open Micers have in beginning comics, is they started doing a bit of very certain way. So they're kind of comfortable saying it that way. And they're uncomfortable on stage already.

(18m 48s):
Right. So they keep saying it the same way. That's That's the death of comedy. Yeah. That's the one of the things Louis taught me or not taught me, it's something I understood, but he really articulated is like, the enemy of comedy is rotes figuring out that you, once you think you can say it a certain way, where it gets a laugh, it's dead. Like if you're relying on to just say it that way to get A laugh. Right, right, Right. And he show he, like, he made it clear like you really, and he shows it. You really gotta think about the emotion behind it, which you forget immediately. Yeah. Like after a while. But like, I I, I fall into this trap all the time where I figure out a way to say a joke and it gets a laugh. and I think, I think the minute you are a hundred percent sure it's gonna work, that's when it starts dying. Right. I know what you're saying. Yeah.

(19m 28s):
Like it has to, I think what you're saying is that it has to be real in your mind at that moment. And you can't be just reading a script. You have to think Yeah. Instead of, yeah. To me it's like instead of thinking of like, oh, I'm saying something now that will get a laugh. Just try to think of the anger or the sadness or whatever. You know why, what is upsetting you or making you laugh hysterically about the subject. That's Why Bill Burr is so great. 'cause it's like he's not, he doesn't look like he's trying to get people laugh. Right, right, right. He just Looks really angry. Yeah, he is. And that's funny. Yeah. He is. You know. It's like you talk to Bill in the green room, that's the same guy. Yeah. Fucking if I fucking told him. And that's What's Yeah. And that's what's hilarious. Just kind of like the fact he's so great at keeping that anger.

(20m 10s):
I don't know if it's an act. I mean, keeping that anger alive through all these shows Is not an actor. He's not an, He's just like, you can call him Right now. Bring up something that annoy, listen to you. You fuck. You know what my favorite is when he's on a, a podcast with someone and they take themselves seriously. Like he was on with Bill Maher and he was just that just chewing Bill Maher up and then he was on Charlemagne, the God he was chewing him up. It's just, I love it. I love it. He's the best at that. He's Yeah. He's, no, he's a king. He's amazing. He's the best at like, breaking down what? Yeah. Look at you You know. He just breaking you down and You like, oh no, he knows me. He's Just roasting you with that voice. No, he knows me. He, he knows me. No, he is amazing. And he, yeah. I just think his ability to just always be himself on stage, which I think that's the co comedy I love the most.

(20m 56s):
He has a unique talent for it. A unique talent for anything he's talking about. It's just being himself. Yeah. No, that's incredible. Yeah. It's a fucking, it's, it's so interesting to see how so many people do it differently. But we all have like something in common. and I think one thing that everybody has in common is like, what the best ones are really thinking about what they're talking about. Right. Right. Think About Yeah. Really. And having To care about it. I feel like so many times I'll do a bit and it's not working and then I, I realize I don't give a Shit That's right. About The thing I'm saying. I need to, if it, if it's important to me, it'll be important to the Audience. Yeah. I have to bail on bits when I'm bored with them. I know. 'cause you're like, I don't, I don't, I don't really care about this. Yeah. This is, I I'm not, I know there's so like people will like, yeah, there's something there.

(21m 38s):
I'm like, I know, but right now I don't give a fuck about it. So I have to leave it alone for A little bit If you don't give a fuck about it. Yeah. They can, they can tell. Yeah. There's some of, there's some bits that killed when I first started doing them and then they got a little flat and I was like, what is going on here? Oh, I don't care anymore. You Don't care. Yeah. You don't care. And You know they work. There's no mystery. It's also, I didn't find out whatever it is in the bit that makes it a great bit. Right. you know, there's like, there's sometimes you just can't find a thing that elevates it from an eight. It stays at an eight. Exactly. Yeah. It never hits a 10. And you gotta, sometimes you gotta trim. Sometimes you keep them in if they make a point, if they're like, bizarrely ironic. Right, right. There's something about it where You like, it's worth it even though it's not the funniest joke.

(22m 20s):
Yeah. Yeah. It's because you little hills and valleys with, With the hour, it works well in the, You know Yeah. Yeah. With an hour. but sometimes you just gotta set it aside and then sometimes I'll come back to it. You know, I have like a, a whole folder that I call orphan babies and it's all bits that never made it on anything. That's Great. To keep a record. Yeah. That's, that's a great thing to, you have To because forget, That's the hard part. Forgetting everything. I Forget 'em, sometimes their friend brings him up. Like, what about the hyena thing? I'm like, I fucking forgot that. I'm like that. How does It go? People bring that up like Oh. yeah. Why did I stop doing that joke and I start joke again. I know. Yeah. It's weird. It's Stuff like I re I, I did an hour, at least an hour like a couple months ago. And so I'm trying to work out a new hour.

(23m 0s):
It's tough when you have that 'cause there's a lot of jokes. You just probably don't care about that much. Yeah. But you need it in there just for the, you know. Right, right, right. It's like Scaffolding, you know? Exactly. Right. To keep the bits together so they're coherent sometimes. But in my Head I'm like, ugh. I think everybody should have a a folder that they just put on the Everybody should write. Yeah. I mean, I know everybody likes to write on stage and I get it. And there's some of the greats that write on stage. But I, if you're listening, if you're not those people, everybody else you should write. Yeah. 'cause you can go back and not forget that I have a whole, my bookshelf looks like seven You know where he has all the notebooks. Yeah. Serial Killer. That's great. It's all just You know crazy manifestos and jokes.

(23m 41s):
Yeah. I think that's, it's like, one of the things that I found when I had to do this live special was that I had to really go over my shit. Yeah. Like with a fine tooth comb. So I wound up writing out all my bits. That's great. That I've done hundreds of times. Write 'em out. Exactly. Word for word. Just drill it into my head. And then I was preparing for this. I was like, you shouldn probably be doing this all the time. I know, right. you shouldn probably be doing not just when I'm getting ready for a special, but you shouldn probably be doing comedy this way. I know. It's like whenever I've done done late night, I start really analyzing the jokes. Yes. And like cutting them and be like, oh you shouldn, if I did this all the time, I'd be pretty good. I'm like, that word does not work there, but it's just 'cause I'm doing on late night.

(24m 21s):
So I'm like, but then normally I'm like, whatever. I know. It's like, it's funny. It's, we, we have our own schedule. We, we, we get to govern ourselves, which is not always the best thing. It's, It's, yeah. Because if We were like a prodigy and you know, you were a violin coach, I'd make you practice all day, bitch. I know. But you can only technically practice on stage. That's a weird thing. It's like You can, but you can prepare off Stage, you can prepare. Yeah. you know? Yeah. I, yeah. No, I mean I think it's, I think it's really important to like, write everything down and go back to it and just so you don't lose anything. You know you Can forget things. Yeah. Especially as you get older. I have a bunch of friends that just keep things in their head. and I You know, like Duncan, I'm pretty sure he did this release this bit.

(25m 4s):
So I could say, wow, he might not have fuck, but he's got a great bit about Adderall. I, my Sid's bit. You can do it. No, but I don't know. I, I think it's, he, he recorded a special, but I don't know if it's on it. So I don't wanna say it, but okay. He, he's got this great Adderall bit. He totally forgot about it. I said, remember goes, goes, how does it go? I go, you say like, it's, oh my God, that joke's amazing. I go, it's your joke. You Forgot it. I know you got it. Yeah. It's important to be organized. Yeah. We govern ourselves and we're all slackers. It's a weird job. 'cause it's just you and it's just how it even like, advice doesn't typically work. 'cause every comedian, when they give advice, they're really just giving it for that works for them. Right. And you don't know if it works for your voice or how you, it's all so you're just alone.

(25m 46s):
Right. And you have to create your own system. You know. Yeah. Advice As long as it's not rigid is really good because you really can't tell people how to do things. No. and I, if anything, I mean, there's some good advice. I mean when I would start out, I got a couple You know. Yeah. Look around the audience. Keep the mic out of the Oh. yeah. Standard stuff. But like, once you get into real advice, I don't know. I think it just gets in your head for the most part. you know, Sometimes it's good and sometimes it's terrible. you know, I got a lot of terrible advice when I first started out. What's a good advice? Good advice is write a lot. Sure. Yeah. Listen to your recordings. That was one thing. This guy Mike Donovan and I. I got real lucky that I, I started out in Boston in the eighties and it was like Right.

(26m 28s):
There was all these local headliners that were awesome. Yeah. I mean world class. But they were local and they stayed local. And one of 'em was this guy Mike Donovan and Mike Donovan. He always had a, like a, this is back in the day when you had cassette recorders that were big, like, like a fucking box of cigars. And he would sit it on the thing and press record when he went on stage. He goes, oh my God, you never know. He goes, you might have a new tagline in that moment. That's crazy. And then you'll forget about it if you don't listen. and I, that was some of the best advice I'd ever heard. He was, he was like the first comic recording of sets. Yeah. He was just a smart dude and he just figured out that you, you gotta do that. Yeah. I think like that advice is great. Like definitely writing a lot and definitely listen to your sense is so important.

(27m 9s):
'cause there's so many comics who go up all the time, but they're delusional and they don't get better 'cause they're not like realizing that it's not working. You Know. Yeah. You gotta analyze yourself like a hater. Exactly. But, but stuff about how to say shit and all that. I just feel, or like your style, some of that. It's, I feel like you're kind of alone A little. A hundred percent You know because like imagine someone like Bill Burr trying to give advice to Mitch Hedberg. How do just fucking yell the bit. Get mad. Get mad, get mad. Get mad. Think about it. What, what the fuck would you say Get Mad about the rice? Get Mad. Get mad that there's so many rice. Yeah. I mean, at a certain point in time. That's one of the cool, I, I've been thinking about doing this for quite a while now. We've, we've talked about it and I think we're gonna do it.

(27m 51s):
And what I want to do is have outside of podcast to just have an interview with head headliners when they come into town. And tell me about what happened. Tell me about your journey. What was your first open mic? Wow. What, what was it like? What, how'd you feel? How'd you get started? Did someone influence you? Did someone ask you to do it? I love it. What were your first road gigs? Just not a podcast where like, it'd be me talking about my stories, but just like, I always want to know 100% an interview. Right, Right. A conversation, but an interview and just You know so that it's archived for comics. 'cause you remember like when you were starting, I mean, 17 years ago right there, you could get a couple of books. There was a few books.

(28m 31s):
Richard Beller had a book on standup, but it was kinda like tongue in cheek. Right, Right. The comedy Bible. Yeah. By that woman. Yeah. Yeah. There's But There was nothing written by anybody who was really good. No. So that was part of the problem. Not, and Belzer was good, but Yeah. But nothing written by like a, a George Carlin or Richard Pryor or You know a Lenny Bruce. It's Never advice from the great. It's always some weird person. Some like Kind of G Griffy. Yeah. It's G Griffy. It's, and someone You like what? You're not a comedian. Well, We thought about doing that at the store back in the day. We were talking about doing comedy classes where You know a comic, like a headliner would come in and I know Ari did this quite a few times. Ari did it in Phoenix when I was there. He, he'd set up like a seminar for free for all the local comics.

(29m 12s):
Told him how this is how you get a manager. This is how you get an agent. Right. This is how you get stage time. This is what you should do to organize your set and fucking amazing resource for free. He did it for like two and a half hours. Oh, that's awesome. So Ari was doing that for a while. But it's, there's nothing like that for comics coming up. Everybody has to learn from the people at the clubs. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, that's a good, that's a good, I would love to hear that stuff. 'cause If you could go start out now and you can go on YouTube. First of all, you have access to everything. Red Fox, Rodney Dangerfield f fucking, everything that's ever been is online. Lenny Bruce, you watch Lenny Bruce recordings right now. Yeah. It was impossible to find that shit when we started. No. Impossible. And still impossible to understand.

(29m 52s):
But yeah. A Lot of it. Right. I listened to him. I was like, I don't, it was a different time where saying Yiddish was really like hip. Right. He was like Lenny. Yeah. Yeah. You know the Michigan, the guys. That's true. Well, the thing about Lenny was that no one had ever talked like that publicly. Right. So this was a totally unique thing that you have to take in the context of 1963. Some of the most groundbreaking stuff feels the most dated later. Yeah. Because it is so groundbreaking that everyone, the model changed, the Whole world changed the way they think about things and then talking about things openly the way he did became normal. Right. Right. So he's doing normal things to us. But it seems Yeah. No, it's like the musical Oklahoma seems like such a standard thing.

(30m 34s):
Right. But at the time it was super experimental. It was the first one where they, they, they had like a, not a chorus on stage right away. Or someone singing and, and a narrative like anar like musicals before that were reviews and you're like, I switch it to musicals. You're like, you're like, go back to comedy. No, Musicals are cool. I Love musicals. But it was like, it was groundbreaking at the time. Right. A narrative story must shit before that was like reviews and they broke a lot of rules. But now it's just Oklahoma You know. Right. But it was like an experimental thing at the Time. Like The Wizard of Oz. Yeah. The Wizard of Oz was monumental when it came out. Oh. yeah. Like it was something that everybody saw. It was one movie that you would guarantee everybody you talked to had seen The Wizard of Oz.

(31m 14s):
Yeah. No, it was, it was, it is the most watched movie. I read a book about the making recently. It was interesting. Yeah, it did You know that. So Judy Garland was like groped by a lot of the little people. Oh. On the movie. It's like a whole thing. She got groped and I read it. Apparently they were mad. All the little people were like very drunk and Wild You know. And they were mad 'cause apparently they were getting paid less than Toto the dog. Whoa. So the hierarchy on Wizard of Oz was like the dog Little people. And then women at the Bottom You know, and they were like groping her and she couldn't say anything about it. Wow. It's an insane, I I wish they could make a move.

(31m 55s):
That's Also like, what year was that? 1939. Bro. People were savages back then. Oh no. There was Savages. Oh. He slapped the director. Victor Fleming slapped Judy Garland in the face during a scene. Just slapped her. 'cause she couldn't keep a straight face. Oh my God. Oh no. It was, and that movie's, I, I wish I could make a movie about the making of Wizard Oz. And that would show like the beauty of the movie, but also how horrible behind the scenes were. Right. because you had the witch caught on fire and literally like lost feeling in her hand at one point. And then they forced her to go back to Margaret, what her name is. They forced her to go back to work the next day. Even though she was in the hospital.

(32m 36s):
The original guy playing the Tin Man got really sick. 'cause the, of the, the paint they were using. Oh geez. He ended up in the hospital. Geez. And they just replaced him. Whoa. Immediately. Yeah. He got like really sick. Yeah. No, it's like a, it was a, Oh, that makes sense. Like what the fuck is that stuff they put on his skin? There's No regulation back then. They're just like, let's try this. Also, They had just got done with like, think about that was like thalidomide babies back then. Right? Yeah. Or that was actually later. Thalidomide babies wasn't that like in the sixties, but they had the, the, the, the girls that developed cancer because they were using the loom for the watches. Right, right, right. So that radio, what was that called That the Radium girls? Radium Girls. Yeah. The There was horrific.

(33m 16s):
Holes in their face and shit. Their, their tongues would rot out of their mouths. There was zero. Nobody Told them anything. 'cause It would lick the tip of their brush when they were 'cause they were doing these very delicate Yeah. Loom dials on watches. No. That no one gave a shit. And the Hollywood There was no, like, the stars didn't have, like, some stars were beginning to have power. But Judy Garland, she was just treated like, like she was owned by them You know what I mean? Right. Like to slap Jesus, imagine a doctor, like try to slap like Emma Stone now. Crazy. It's just crazy to think that that wasn't that long Ago. I know. And it's, well, the Holocaust also, but isn't it Too soon after? But isn't it kind of like watching tape and listening to tape as a comic? because you don't know how bad you suck until you see it.

(33m 58s):
And people didn't know how bad, like that kind of behavior was he shot. Yeah. Until you see it. Like go to watch the old James Cagney movies, he'd smack his girlfriend Right in the face. It's, and he was the hero. And then they'd kiss each other. It's all Yeah, every nuts. It's, yeah. You, I love watching old stuff to see like the, the problematic parts. I just find them like really funny. You ever see the one where it's like an old western and the guy is spanking his wife and the kid comes along and says, do You. like I know why you're spanking mommy. It's because you love her. And then he's like, that's right son. It's so nuts. Like the woman is over the guy's knees and he's spanking her. That's It's outta love You know.

(34m 39s):
That's, that's insane. Yeah. Because this is like something that someone thought you could pass off in a movie. I mean, that's how confused We were about narratives and about reality and Well, Every eighties movie, like people are like, you gotta watch this. Here it is. Look at this. Oh my God. It's John Wayne taking Those birds into me for two years now you're gonna get, Oh my God. Thanks. Thanks. Look at it. He's beaten. It's awful. This is not the one where the guy, the wife, I mean, he's beating her with a piece of metal and what a great show. Oh my God. What a great movie. I Love the whole family. The weapon to use and You like, thank you.

(35m 20s):
Yeah. Normal. Yeah, normal. Beat her with a weapon. Don't use your hand. What if your hand gets hurt? Well, every Eighties movie they're like, you gotta watch this eighties movie. It's a classic. Then you turn it on, it's like 12 nerves gang raping a woman. It's like every eighties comedy is like a prank. Is this the one? What is this one? No, maybe not. I thought this was the one. He's chasing her Around the house and he spanks her too. Yeah. So he's carrying her away. Look, he's spanking her. Lot of spanking in front of everybody. Look at them Watching Why back then This is so crazy. That's ins insane. Not just spanking, but spanking in public. Not just like he's holding her up in the air while he is spanking and they're laughing. Like they think it's wonderful. Look, he's gonna fuck her later for you. He Drop her, he just drops her is on The, They're just laughing.

(36m 4s):
I've never been so proud of you at all Night. What the fuck? I've never been so proud. Come around and see me in the Morning, son. Stop at Work at 10. She's, And they bought that black eyes and he's got his arm around her. Oh sweetie, I got the job. What the fuck is that movie about? You? You, we just look evil. When we look back in the past, everyone's just like slaps spans Span. And by the way, they thought they were so sophisticated because they were comparing themselves to fucking cave people. Of course. Yeah. Well we You know we change, we move at our own pace. Right. And so we had to like look at the KA and he go, that is kind of fucked up that you stabbed that guy with the spear. I remember that. It goes from that to movies and plays, right?

(36m 44s):
Yeah. Well we're getting, we're getting better. We're getting better. Which is slow. I, my, my cousin had a bat mitzvah and is Reformed You know. That's where you do the whole service in English. And you have to read part of the Bible, which in reform, in conservative you do in Hebrew. But in reform you do in English. What is, what is the why reform? They're just more liberal, more accessible. Okay. And usually like a lesbian rabbi and she's like eating on her girlfriend on stage and stuff. And, and there's like a, the canter tuning a guitar and she had to read a part of the Bible, but reform, do it in English. So this 13-year-old girl had to go on stage in front of everyone and read the selected part. And like, not every part of the Bible holds up. So she, it was like 300 people, her parents behind her. And she's just on stage. She has to open to the part. And she's just like, when a slave offends you, you cut off his right arm.

(37m 30s):
And then his parents, her parents are behind her. Like, that's my girl. And then she's like, when you offend them again, you execute them. These are the Laws Of of, of how to punish your slaves. And we're all just like in the back. I'm Is that Real quote? Yeah. Or something like that. Yeah. Something close to that. Yeah. Jesus Christ. And that's why you do it in Hebrews. You don't have to You know. So you could pretend it's Okay. Like that's why we do it in Hebrew. You don't know what they're talking about. Well that was the whole thing about them doing it in Latin. Right. Like nobody could speak Latin So they could tell Them whatever. They take the priests word for it. It says gimme a hundred dollars if you wanna be in the afterlife. I think There was a lot of that going on. That's why everybody wanted to kill Martin Luther. Right, right. Yeah. The lat. That was a, that was a big con.

(38m 10s):
Huge con. Yeah. Just nobody speaks it. Yeah. Only We know what it's saying. The priest is like, kid, it's saying to suck my dick right now. And It's nuts. Isn't it nuts that that is kind of a dead language. Like you could still learn Latin but nobody speaks Latin. No. Unless you're getting possessed by the devil. Yeah. Don't forget that demographic. Oh. Yeah. Those folks. Well they usually too talking tongues. They're not even doing Latin. They're going, I throw it a little. They don't throw in Latin, do they? Occasionally. I Feel like The Exorcist. I feel like she throws in a little Latin. She said, your mother sucks Cox in hell. Which by the way, that movie Super English, I don't understand why anyone's scared of that movie. That movie's hilarious. That's because you're younger than me. I know. Yes. When I was a boy, that movie was fucking terrifying.

(38m 52s):
I saw that movie. I was real young. Like I probably shouldn't have been able to see it. Like, what, what year did that movie come out? 75. 70 73. Damn. 73. Okay. Tried to be Rain Man. I found So six. Yeah. Well you shouldn have been seeing the movie. I saw that movie when I was six. Yeah. My parents let me see all the scary movies. But can, Can you, can I ask you this? Did you at the time I was telling them about it backstage. Did you, did you believe in the Devil kind of Oh? yeah, sure. Because I'm a Jew. I'm like a heathen Jew. Right. We don't believe in the devil. So for me it just felt like funny. It's a good fucking movie man. But it's just like, she's like you saying like your mom sucks Cox in hell.

(39m 33s):
That's like to a priest that's definitively funny. Well how about when she fucks herself with the cross? I just don't, I don't know. It's just like, to me It feels, but if she said some wild shit while she was doing it too, like fucked my cunt fuck. Something like that. But that's Like, I guess back then the idea of a kid cursing was like, oh, It was crazy. Well this Girl, but now it's South Bark. You wanna talk about someone that got fucked up from doing a movie? She, she got really fucked up from doing these. Imagine. Okay. You are a young girl and you are literally playing the devil. Everybody knows you. You're famous now and you're famous for being the fucking devil. That's insane. Yeah. So everywhere You go people are scared of You. like, Ah, you just see people see you on the street. You Fucked yourself with a crucifix in a movie. You're Like, 13 people are walking by Suck Co in hell.

(40m 17s):
Jesus Christ. She probably never heard the end of it. And that was another movie that everybody saw. Yeah. That was, yeah. I just, I love horror movies, but I find that one, it's like, I just don't find it. I don't know. I feel like a girl. I mean at the time I get, it was scary. Definitely if you're six, but I just find it silly. It's just like you're, you're telling the priest to go fuck himself. This is Funny. I get it. But I think it's because we are living in 2024. We're heathens Now. And all those movies have gone on and we've learned from those movies. Right. Which is interesting to think that like back then a kid cursing We were so much more puritanical. That was like Right. Disturbing. Disturbing. And now it's South Park. Yeah. It's totally normal. Yeah. Now they're sticking things up their butts.

(40m 58s):
Yeah. On in cartoons. Yeah. It's totally normal now. And all that's again, it's like going back to listen to Lenny Bruce stuff and then trying to listen to, he had one joke that comics inadvertently stole because they, they didn't realize that they were stealing it, but it 'cause it was so, so brilliant. But it was when homosexuality was illegal back then. Right. And he goes, being gay is a illegal dig. What, what do they do when they catch you? They put you in jail with a bunch of guys wanna have sex with you. This is a great Joke. Yeah. Great jokes. It's, it's just you don't, we, we c if you went back in time to the 1950s and talked to people, they would think you're a fucking alien.

(41m 39s):
Like, who is this guy? How is he talking so freely about things? Right. Right. And he he did have great joke. You just gotta get past the ya dig and the Yeah. Ogana. But like, he had great joke. I I I, that book of his is awesome. The one of his transcripts. You look at that No, it's like just that writing of the trials? No, just of the standup. Oh, of the standup. It's Awesome. You see it all in like, he had one bit that was like, I love Bill Hicks. He's one of my favorites. But it was similar to Bill Hicks joke. Not to say Bill Hicks stole from it, but they're just great minds think alike about like, if Jesus came back you would he wanna see a cross, something similar to that. Yeah. Right. A bunch of guys had that though. Yeah. He might've been the first. Yeah, he probably was the first.

(42m 20s):
I mean, Kenson had something kind of similar to that Too. I listened to Bill, bill Hicks recently and I, he got me into comedy. I always loved him. I listened to him on a road trip recently and he holds up so well and I think like the people call him preachy. I think they're so wrong. I don't, I actually think all his jokes are just good jokes that aren't really preachy for the most part. See, I don't think it was preachy. Like, like I don't think Anthony Selek is really offensive. No. because You Know what I'm saying? Like it's a style of comedy. It's his style of comedy was condescending. I'm smarter than you and here's some amazing points Right. About life. And so I liked it. I liked that Hicks you mean? Yeah, Hicks.

(42m 60s):
Like when Hicks would talk about things, he would talk about things like You know everybody's stupid. Like this is why. Right. And I'm telling you how, but shouldn be right. And that's what people didn't like about it. But that was also a great way to get some of those points across. Like There was some points that, that's really kind of the only way, if you want to deliver it the way he does it, it's really kind of the only way you can do it. Well, it's Also funny to see a crazy person on stage, just someone who's like, you know, that's hilarious. Yeah. Like he is a funny character and I do think he has great misdirects. Like just great jokes that go beyond like what ideology. He's like, you know, professing You know. You mean Hicks? Hicks? Yeah. Yeah. Well, he had brilliant shit about the war. I mean, You, like, they have sophisticated weapons.

(43m 41s):
How do You know? We check the receipts, which is Just, well, the whole like ooz, the, the book depository is very realistic. Yeah. Oswalt isn't in it. Yeah. He just had great, like I, yeah. I just thought he had just kind of like Woody Allen. I know he loved Woody Allen. Like great, like misdirects. And when you listen to it now, a lot of, it's kind of what a lot of good comedy is where you take a hot button issue, but then you, then you just have a joke that's just kind about something else. Right, right, right. And That's really a lot of what his stuff is. It just feels like, kind of like modern comedy. You know. Yeah. Well he definitely changed a lot of people's idea of comedy because he made it kind of interesting for the first time. Yeah. He had interesting subjects. Him and Doug stand up.

(44m 21s):
Definitely were my big influences. Yeah. I loved you too. I loved your old, I loved your, I remember listening back when I listened to comedy albums. That was a different era, I guess You know. Oh Wow. Yeah. But I remember, I loved your bit about the tiger in the zoo. Oh. yeah. The monster in a box. Oh. yeah. I still think about that every time in a zoo. 'cause they always make the cage look like they could possibly jump out. Yeah. You know. Do you remember that bit? Yeah, I do. I kind of remember it, but I remember the story. These kids threw pine cones at a tiger and the, the tigers can jump 14 feet in a 12 foot cage. They can't even, like a little, they're like, can't Even put a roof On this cage is secure unless a tiger gets really mad. But when's that gonna happen? Just, I would've given everything to see the look on their face.

(45m 4s):
And that thing touched the top of the bars. Yeah. They were like, When the paws hit the bars and the body starts going over the flood of chemicals, that must go into your mind. That's a high off the charts. That's a high, probably like nothing else you'll ever experience in life. That's like a cult plunge times 10,000. Well, it's like undeniable. You're dying right now. Like it's coming for you. It's a 600 pound super predator. Well, One kid survived, right? I Think one kid survived. I think the kid who threw the pine cones unfortunately survived. I think his, his buddy got taken out. Oh. That's how fierce tigers are. Like, I'm not gonna fuck you up. I'm gonna fuck your friend up. I think his buddy went to help him. Oh my God. I don't know the whole story. I mean, who knows.

(45m 44s):
It was probably just chaos. But I think about that bit every time at a zoo. They always make it look like the tire can jump out. I'm like, why don't you, why don't you just not make it look like that? Put a roof on the box. Monster On the box. You keep monster. The box on the, yeah. Why Don't you have a roof on the box. if you have a monster in the city, hit a box. We fucking roof on the box. We don't need to make it look like it can jump out. We don't need Also, how expensive is it to put a roof on? No. Is it that expensive? I Think they wanna make it feel like it's free. Fuck that. It's not free. No. Yeah. They shouldn't be there. I I don't, I don't agree with zoos at all. You don't like zoos? No, I don't. I I used to. I'm a hypocrite because I took my kids to them. 'cause I want my kids to be able to see these animals.

(46m 25s):
'cause it's kind of cool to see a 2-year-old staring at a hippo. Yeah. Whoa. Right. Of course. Yeah. But the reality is they're prisons. They're prisons for animals that didn't do anything wrong. And But it's a little different in the sense that their life outside of prison is pretty messed up. They just Getting killed. It's, but it's natural. It is natural. It's not, they're not all getting killed. You know They're doing some killing too, which is also unnatural that you just feed these things that live to kill. I guess the zoo is better for the prey. It's definitely be, well, I used to have a joke about that too, about the only animal that I don't feel bad about than the zoo is giraffes. They're having a great time. They Don't seem to have any problem with it at all. Like another day with no lions. Well, it's like Yeah.

(47m 5s):
If that's jail, like freedom of them just getting chased by like if if you, if you were in prison and outside of prison, you could just get eaten at any time. Yeah. Prison wouldn't look so bad. Well, as long as they have a big enough enclosure Yeah. And they can walk around. They don't seem to have any problem with it. Yeah. It sucks for the predators. 'cause they can't like hunt. Exactly. And then they always put the tiger like next to the giraffe or the line just to fuck with them. Which Is so crazy. It's a little cruel. You imagine being a tiger and you're like, I can't Believe this. Every day, every day, day. And then you forget. 'cause you have bad memories. Yeah. Oh, he's right there. Fuck. What the fuck? Cock suckers. Yeah. They they're kind of cruel with that. Put 'em in different Places. Well, you shouldn't put 'em there at all. Yeah. They're, it's cra the whole thing's crazy. Yeah. and I, I get, it does protect some endangered species, but boy, I think if we really care about animals, we should put a lot more money into it.

(47m 53s):
And there should be a lot larger spaces. Yeah, definitely. Definitely. And it shouldn't be anything remotely resembling a zoo. And it's always weird who gets the big space. Yeah. and I like the Louisville Zoo. Like there's a wolf who just got like fucking like 12 acres and then a snow leopards like in like a little diorama with a cage on it. It's Sick. Yeah. The way they do it in Africa is the way to do it. if you really want to go see an animal, you should go on a fucking safari and drive through these areas where they're, they're killing gazelle's and they're doing normal lion shit. This is a normal lion in a lion environment. And you drive through it and it's probably dangerous as shit. Yeah. And keep your fucking windows rolled. You. know that lady from the Game of Thrones. One of the, one of the video, I think one of the video editors, one of the editors from the Game of Thrones got killed by a line in one of those parks In the safari.

(48m 37s):
She Rolled her window down and she was leaning out to take a photo or something. The cat reached in, grabbed her. Oh my God. I saw one of those videos where the people in the car and like the one, one of the, the, I think it's a tiger, not a tiger Africa, but it was a lion coming up to the car and they're looking at it and the line just opened the door. God. Like it just put his in the door and open. They're like, ah. Oh, Lock the fucking door man. Imagine a little skinny ass piece of window that you could put your head through. Easy. Yeah. And there's a lion right outside of It's insane. He could put his head through it easily. It's Yeah. He doesn't know. Yeah. But if he just fucking smashes his head, it'll go right through that thing. He's a lion. If He just like crazy that day, if he just Decides to pop it with his paw, it's just gonna burst.

(49m 21s):
Well that's what's crazy about the tiger who killed the kid. It's like they were like, he can't get out unless he is really wants to. It's like, don't protect it from him really wanting to as well. You know. But They didn't have the proper height fence. Yeah. Yeah. They not only did they not have a roof on it, the fence was two feet shy of what a tiger can jump over. Said There was only A three foot wall. What I don't, I'm That's Leap over a three foot wall and out of its enclosure. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. So That, that, yeah. They might have misunderstood when they wrote this article, but that's what this Says. I don't think that's correct. I'm, I'm almost positive. I'm almost positive that it was 14 feet long. Oh. The wall was 1.2 meters, four feet shorter than the recommended minimum.

(50m 4s):
But It wasn, it was more than three feet. I Think it was 12 feet. That hilarious. Was actually three feet. And they're like, whoa, what's the Problem? That's crazy that it's four foot shy. I'm reading multiple articles. This one is even, this was also weird. I thought it happened in 2011 and this says it was 2008. So I'm kind of like confused on that too. Mm. Maybe it's more than one Of those. But this was the same person that died in both articles. Oh, how Weird. They're trying to say they were on drugs. It's like You Know. Yeah. This is the guys were Doesn't Mean they deserve to die. Die. One knee, three foot wall. That's so crazy. I could jump a three foot wall. Yeah. Oh. yeah. That's not real. I could try. There's, there's no way I Could get you on the third try. Yeah. You could probably at least get over the top of it. There's no way it was, that's no, there's no way.

(50m 47s):
That's this tall. That's crazy. That would be hilarious if they just made it three feet. They're like, they're different. They're like, he doesn't You know from the San Francisco newspaper. What does that one say? A Picture of what? It was the wall, Bro, that's pretty high. It says, oh, the new glass wall makes it 19 feet. But it looks like the current wall used to be 12 feet. So that's where it was. And the tiger jumped over that and now they gave him an extra five feet. Fuck that place. But look how seven, they said the tiger, tiger Couldn't have made that jump on the distance. They said it was too far. It looks like it's built to have that tiger jump off that top part onto the thing. It's like it's built so he can jump out. Did they say the tiger jumped from the bottom or the tiger jumped from that top part?

(51m 27s):
The articles I was reading when it first happened, they weren't sure what the fuck happened. They were like, it doesn't make sense that it happened. They were like, they someone must have helped it. What? That's them covering their ass. They, It is A little bit of that 'cause That them covering their ass. They were, they know exactly what happened. There was eyewitnesses. People saw it happen Also, who could have helped it. Yeah. So that's what it looked like. I Guess that's the first picture I've seen of that. Oh My God. Imagine that thing coming over the top of that. You so they could even That's the three foot fence I think that they were saying. Exactly. But wait, So if the pine, if they're throwing pine, is this the pine cone thing or? Yeah. So it had to be below if they're throwing pine cones In it, right? No, it could be over there. They could throw it over the ridge. You think It got all the way to the Yeah. Yeah.

(52m 7s):
You could throw that. That That's not that far. No, no, it's that far. No, no. That looks like 15 yards max. Lemme see that again. Lemme see that photo again. Yeah, that doesn't look that far. Dude. It's a big jump though. I guess you can Probably pine. It's a big jump for a cat. I don't know if he made the jump. I think he made the jump from the bottom. That's, yeah. The ar the, the one that was confusing said that it was basically in these bushes when they fucking, when they were standing on this rail throwing shit at it. And then they got too close and found out like There was one way closer than they thought. Doesn't make sense. That's not what I heard. Doesn makes sense. I know, I know. It doesn't make sense. I don't know that What I had heard was the thing was over there, they were continuing to throw things at it and it came towards them and jumped over the wall, which only makes sense.

(52m 49s):
Ray. Oh, eyewitness accounts, statements from the, here's Already my confusion though. This is from 2011 and those last two articles were 2008. Hmm. Well maybe they didn't release the whole story until 2011. Say 2008 right here. Yeah, there it is. Okay, so I'll the lawsuit. Yeah. They should fucking sue for sure. I mean definitely you shouldn't throw pine cones at tigers, but Don't just deserve to die. You're fucking kid. You're a dumb ass kid. That Could have been us If We were both 17 and I'd go do I dare you to throw a pine cone? Come on, on pussy. It's just a pine cone From the bottom of the moat And pull, pull to the dry moat to the top of the wall. Wow. No, that's crazy. From The bottom of the dry mode.

(53m 30s):
So they got into the bottom of Yeah, like I thought look at the, is at the bottom of the thing. I can't imagine jumping out unless it was provoked. Yeah, but it shouldn't be able to jump out if it's Provoked. Yeah, that's So you should raise, You should have a backup plan for the tiger's emotions. Yeah. Also, why don't you have guards to make sure that someone doesn't do something like that? The tiger can't get out as long as it's the tiger's chill. Wow. Followed someone's blood trail for about 300 yards. My god. Where it resumed attacks. Oh my god. Photo show blood smeared asphalt where the tiger apparently dragged sosa's body. It found blood trail. The tiger would leave a kill to go after something else unless it We were a compelling reason. Oh my God. Another victim blaming tiger passed exhibits with warthogs, which it ignored as it followed the blood trail of the two brothers to the terrace cafe outside the dining area.

(54m 18s):
This Is a real, what are they wearing? What were they wearing? Yes. You. know what I mean? To Provoke it. That's exactly what it is. That's, they were high. Or, or like when a, when a black person gets killed and they, they try to vilify the black guy. They're like, he was on drugs. It's kind of like that. They're like, he was high. He was, they should have provoked him. But it's like you should have a cage where a tiger can't get out on any mood. The tigers in. Yeah. Any, whether he is happy or mad, they should test every mood. Yeah. And see if you could jump out in any of the Moods Also, what if it killed some old lady who was just there with her, her niece. Yeah. you know, showing her around. And what if You know who the fuck knows what could have happened. You're, you're just guessing. And it didn't even kill The friend. It didn't even kill the guy killed the other Guy. I don't know who it killed.

(54m 59s):
Now I'm saying that, I'm trying to remember. But I bet it killed. Yeah. It killed the younger of the three. The other two were brothers that were Not killed. Who was the one that threw the pine cones? Were they all throwing 'em? I, I don't, I thought, I haven't found Out. It sucks that they'd know that that tiger was like, maybe They were all throwing pine cones. Maybe I heard the story wrong Or the tiger was just clearly more annoyed by one of them. Like one of them had a more annoying face. I think it's, It's whoever the fuck is closest. Yeah, yeah. Who's closest? Who's the, who's gonna get taken out first? This thing has never had a chance to take out anything. Yeah, it's a little Wild. I mean, the whole reason they exist is they are the cleanup crew for nature. Anything that has a limp, anything that does something stupid, you go walking through the thick grass. That's a wrap. That's what they're there for.

(55m 40s):
They're to Right. They're there for overpopulation. Yeah, yeah, yeah. 'cause they exist around deer. Yeah, Of course. No. Yeah. They exist around a very specific kind of deer. It's called an axis deer. And these deer move like lightning dude. Yeah. You ever see the axis deer? No, I don't Think so. They Fucking kill, they take off like, it's crazy because they evolved around tigers. Right. So they, they just explode away so fast. So A lot of times you see those water buffalo moving, they seem to completely forget about tigers or lines until they jump out. And then they're like, oh shit. And then they all run away. Not that Many lion eat water buffalos. No, they're so big. Right. They're too dangerous. You could get a broken jaw broken leg. Right. They stomp your head, you're dead. But yeah, I agree that predators, it sucks for them in a zoo, but you never wanna have a zoo.

(56m 22s):
It's just pray. That would kind of suck. Reported that her claws were not frayed. Suggesting that she made the 12 foot nine inch leap on her first attempt. Oh my God. Dr. Dunker also reported that There was no disease or signs of trauma on the body other than bullet wounds for the, for the cat. Jesus Christ. Do you know there's one specific tribe of lions in Africa that does hunt water buffalo? Yeah. 'cause they got stranded on an island. Oh wow. The the, the currents changed to this river and these lions got stranded on this island that only has water buffalo. Oh, wow. And so the female lions evolved to become much larger than normal female lion. They look like Hulk lion.

(57m 3s):
It's crazy. It's called relentless enemies because They're the hunters of females, Right? Yes. The females are the hunters. So they got as big as male lion. Wow. So female hunters are as ja they're jacked too. Oh my God. Like they look freakish because they have to take out water buffalo all the time. Have you seen the, the video, the best nature video? I mean it's very, the one about the water buffalo is walking and the lion comes and they like it. It's like four lines and they never go after the big one. It's always like four of them after like a baby water be right in like a wheelchair. It's like, ah. And they push him into the water and then a crocodile comes outta the water and grabs the water. Buffalo the baby. And then the, the, the lion are like having a tug of war with like the crocodile. It's like insane. Have you seen that? I've Seen that. Yeah. I have seen that.

(57m 43s):
But that's The crocodiles of the ultimate cleanup crew. Yeah. You see if you can find that relentless enemies thing because you gotta see what these female lion look like. I can show it to us. We always get in trouble. Right. Just show it to us. Because these female lions, they don't even look real. They look like CGI Lions. They're That's insane. They're super jacked. So the female lions are normally smaller. Yeah. But they are the hunter. They're the hunters. But this, this documentary Relentless energy. See if you find one of the images of the jack, look at, look at she's built like, geez, She's Built like a male. That's insane. Yeah. She's fucking huge. The arms are huge. Yeah. Huge. Because they have to take out water Buffalo. She's like a female bodybuilder. It's a great documentary though. It's because it's just about nature adapting.

(58m 24s):
Right. Like Look at the size Of her. Oh my God. They're So much bigger. And You know they have to be because these fucking things are ruthless. I mean, water buffalo are huge. Yeah. And they're tough as shit. You can hang off 'em with their claws and they don't even notice it. Yeah. They always have like bugs on them and they don't notice like You know Fucking shit life. Have you done this? Have you done a safari? No. My, my buddy McCabe. Damn McCabe my friend, he did it and he sent me a footage of a line like killing a, like a prey Right in front Of him. Yeah. He just filmed it. Yeah, it was And they're in those open jeeps. Yeah. Yeah. Insane. Like what That About? Insane. Yeah. Lock that shit up. What Is that about? They just haven't, haven't figured out yet that they can get you people Love.

(59m 5s):
It's like the zoo. They love to have it all open. They love to just like You know. Push it as far as they can. Bro. I Wanna be in an Ironman suit with a chain mail gun. Yeah. One of those chain guns. I don't, I do not want to be. I like how you said Ironman suit. Like it's a real thing. If I had one, it's like, oh, Those Ironman Shoots. What happened? Well, Power went out. Still recording over There. Is the video recording The video still? That's the only thing recording The video's. The only thing recording. Yeah. Can we keep going or should we stop? Yeah, you can in Theory keep, Oh, here it goes again. It's the hottest day of the year. we don have that problem with the AC being overpowered. But yeah, I mean, I'll turn everything back on.

(59m 46s):
Is today the hottest day of the year so Far? Yeah, it's gonna be 107. Oh God. I mean, we're still recording. Really? Yeah. The camera's shut off and on too though. The, I don't know to tell you. I, the everything Screen's still on. Cameras are still on. Okay. That's still moving Time's still going. How Hot is it today? 106. 107. God, it didn't feel like it. The, you ever be on at, at a club where the lights Up? I don't know what to do. We might wanna stop For like five minutes to make sure this doesn't keep happening while we have the opportunity before it fucks up more. I don't know your Call, but it's recording, right? Yeah. But if it's it, it's flickered four or five times. Right. What could possibly happen? It stops recording.

(1h 0m 27s):
It'll flickered again. Like while we have a chance for it to stop, we might wanna take a break. That's All I'm saying. Okay. We'll take a little pee break. We'll come back. Ladies and gentlemen and non-binary folk. Now we're up. Oh, We. were just about to complain about the government or whoever It is. They're cracking down on our controversial takes on lines and watches. It's YouTube man. They're trying to ban free speech, man. Yeah, I just got An update. There's a local outage. Yeah. It's gonna take two hours to get everybody else's power up. I don't, we we got lucky I guess. Oh, okay. Down the street. I feel privileged Street. Is it a brown out? Is this one of them brownouts? It's, I got a notice for my house. It says Austin energy outage may affect until 4:38 PM That's Two hours.

(1h 1m 10s):
Texas has its own grid, which is great until it's not. I've I've, I've read the new, the Articles. Yeah. It got real close. Apparently during the breakdown cold front it got real close. They were like 30 minutes away from losing the whole grid. No, my friend was my best friend from here, Zach. And he, he was here during the, when they had to like what? Melt the snow, whatever the, when it just became like a It Was crazy. Some crazy survival thing. That was the first year we lived here. No one knows how to drive in the snow. It was hilarious. Yeah, no, I remember that. People with Corvettes like spinning around in intersections. No, he was melting snow. Why was he melting? Like they had to melt snow for something. It was for what? I don't know. It was like the, the, when There was like that movie Alive Water.

(1h 1m 52s):
They melted snow for water. Water. It Was for water. Yeah. Could think, could be. I think the, the, yeah. Pipes froze. Yeah. Yeah. That makes sense. It was crazy. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta have some water folks. Yeah. Keep some water in your house. It's a good move. But Yeah, if you, if you're in a place that that happens like that and they, so like if this happens in Boston, they know how to deal with snowy roads, then they fix things. It's easy. They plow, you know, everything gets Back online. Anytime they're snowed, it all shuts down for like two Weeks. They don't have plows. Like, Hey guys, I've been been here twice and it snowed. How about buy a fucking plow? You know have one. Yeah. Yeah. I guess it just haven't happened enough for them to You know. Yeah. But That's so stupid. Yeah, no, I know. I, Louisville was, I'm from Louisville, Kentucky.

(1h 2m 32s):
It was kind of like that too. Whenever it snowed, dude shut down the whole city. It's funny, if you grew up in a place like I grew up in Boston, which is like, snow is just normal later notice. Yeah. It's just normal. It's part of lots snowing out. Did you even have like, did school ever close? It had a Fucking snow so that you missed that for school To close Because like, like closing school was such a fun Oh yeah. Experience Oh. yeah. No, It happened every time. We did have em. We did have snow days. Yeah, because you did fucking Snow. Right, Right, right, right. But in places like there, if it's just snowing a little, they'll let you go to school. Go to school, bitch. Was there anything better than a snow day? It was so exciting. It was amazing. You had a day off. I think I learned more in snow days than I did in any other day. Of course. And then you'd be at, you'd be like watching the TV waiting for your county to be listed as like the one that caught and you're like, fuck.

(1h 3m 15s):
Like please, I can stay home and watch Cartoons. Please. It was, it was, There was no greater joy than a snow Day. Oh. It was wonderful. And now the snow sucks. You hate It. Someone should redesign school school's terrible. Yeah. It's just the whole design of getting kids to sit down all day. It's fucking terrible. We wake them up at like Farmer times. Like we wake them up. I used to get up at like five in the morning like I was a Farmer. Yeah. And your parents would just go back to bed. They're like, we don't go. And they'd just get up and then they'd go back to sleep. I'd be on the bus at like five in the morning. Shit. It was a Bed. Poor shit. Terrible for kids. And Then they say we have a DD, we're fucking tired. Yeah. Tired and bored. Yeah. And this show, this thing you're doing in front of me sucks. I got back to the Adderall thing. So I got addicted and I ended up, What did you start off with?

(1h 3m 58s):
How much were you taking in the beginning? I think probably like 30 milligrams right away. Yeah. Whoa. I think maybe it Was a little less. Jimmy, you said 20 kept you up for two days a lot. Yeah. I said, I mean, I'm not a user, but 20 was plenty. I don't like how I said user like that. Like I'm not a, I'm not a user like this junkie. I don't like how I said I'm not a User. I Got So you started off with thirties? Yeah. Did you start taking it every day or? Yeah. Right away. Yeah. Recreationally first. Recreationally. Then I got the prescription. Oh. So it was FD Approved. So you did listen to psychiatrist? I did listen. She is a doctor. Yes. But then I started taking more and having to buy them off the street. And then I, at one point I couldn't get any and I this kid, I knew this kind of bad seed.

(1h 4m 41s):
I asked him if he had any, he had like something he said his uncle made. It was like a synthetic drug. Turned out to be bath salts. My, I ended up taking them. Oh my god. I was a greeter at h and r Block You know the tax place. and I just like basically had this horrible panic meltdown. Like, I like it kicked in and I just thought I was about to die. I remember I called my twin sister. I, I freaked around. I was like, I think I'm about to die. Goodbye. Then I hung up and then she called back and she was like, call the ambulance. They called the ambulance. My heart rate was at like a hundred and like, I don't know probably what yours is when you're exercising, but it was, it was fast. It was fast for me. Probably was normal. There was like 190 like crazy shit.

(1h 5m 23s):
and I. Yeah. I totally, That's red Lining. It was crazy. Yeah. I almost died and then I, I ended up gonna rehab for Adderall, which is Whew kind of embarrassing. How Hard was it to kick? You know, I weaned off, which was, if you wean off, I think it's okay. Yeah. Cold Turkey is not for Me. So what did you, you said you were up to 90 a day. So how'd you wean You know? It was just 81 week. Really? Something I think. Something like that. Yeah. So were you completely functional when you were on it or were you outta your mind? No, No. I was functional. I was annoying. That was, that was a thing. I was annoying. Oh, You couldn't stop talking. Yeah. I got really annoying and that it ended up, like people were just, that's the thing. People think drugs will You know. I'm not like a crazy person, but I just annoyed everyone.

(1h 6m 4s):
Right. And so the intervention was more like, you're really annoying, you're talk nonstop. And then I got off and it was kind of the same. It wasn't that different. And I'm like, no, that's just me. And You're allowed of work. It's actually a perk. Yeah, exactly. It's actually a plus. But I miss it. I mean, I don't, I could never do it again. Wow. But I, I miss it. It was a great, it's, it's, it was my favorite drug. It made you. 'cause I have, you know, I have like everyone, I have low self-esteem. And when you did it, it made me, it made me just write. I just was so productive on it. Really? Yeah. 'cause it it, when I write, I mean I've gotten better at it now over the years, but when I write, you have that voice telling you it's shit and you can't like move forward. Oh. And, and this the Adderall, like this was before I was, I was doing standup a little, but writing screenplays and stuff and the Adderall gave me the confidence to just fucking plow through it.

(1h 6m 49s):
It wasn't all good, but some of it was good. You know. Well, I mean that's why they were prescribing it to people back in the day when they first came up with it. Like in Nazi Germany. Even before they were giving it to the Nazis. So you could buy that. What was it called? Pergo? What is it called? Per per Perin? Pervitin. Pervitin. Perva. That's the Hitler speed. Well it was the, it was the for sale version of methamphetamine that you could buy at drugstore. Yeah. And people would just take it and it was like a low dose. It's essentially just like, that's it right there. Kind of real similar to Adderall in a lot of ways. But it was a, you know, it was methamphetamine. Oh Right. And you just could take it. This is like over the counter, right?

(1h 7m 30s):
Yeah. It's back when they had like heroin Candy look that methamphetamine hydrochloride. Oh man. That's crazy. So it was a small dose and people would take it all day long and it gave them all this energy to get things done. I mean think about the engineering that was coming outta Germany at the same time. Yeah. Kind of nuts man. They were focused. They were fucking dialed in. He Was really focused on that Jew hating that Adderall Really? That speed Really focused. Yeah. If he wasn't on it, he probably wouldn't have killed as many people. Well if he wasn't on everything, he was on oxycodone and they were giving him all these crazy animal hormones. He was having them remove animal organs and they were injecting glands into Hitler's body.

(1h 8m 10s):
He was like, they're practicing on it. But here's, Here's what I don't get. I've done oxycodone and when I'm on it, I'm very loving. I love everyone. Mm. He was on it and he was still hating it. If if, if that, if like he should have been like, I love the juice or great. Like the oxycodone should have made him like more lovey-dovey. Yeah. That's why I was confused too. 'cause I had always heard that it was meth. 'cause I knew that There was meth use and I knew that Hitler like cocaine. And they used to shoot him up with testosterone too. And that makes sense. That makes sense. You're meth, you're like, we got a problem. Yeah. I'm focused. I'm gonna commit to it. Yeah. But the Oxy, it's like when Rush Limbaugh you found out he was on Oxy. He was always so like angry. Right, right. and I feel like if I was on Oxy, I'd be like, everything's gonna work out bro. He was on Like 90 pills a day.

(1h 8m 52s):
But where like The love he did so much. They think it's part of the reason why he went deaf. Really? Yeah. Rush Libo. Yeah. There's actually like a thing that happens when you overdose. Oh my. On opiate, you take too much opiates, it fries your fucking ears. But Why? Like to have all that hate on the painkillers. I just don't get, when I'm on painkillers, I love my enemies. I Think it's 'cause you're a nice guy. Oh. Yeah. I like, I like that spin. I think, I think who you are, like at your core, like why you operate in life, what whatever you're taking, whether it's alcohol or pot or whatever, it only enhances that who you are at your core. So if you're like an evil person deep down, but you're covering it and then you get drunk and you get really vicious with people. Mm. Those people are probably already vicious inside of them.

(1h 9m 34s):
You know. Right. You know. That's that's totally true. If you're a happy drunk, you're probably a good guy and you need a couple of drinks to feel loose. And now you're fun. You're having a good time. you know, you're loving, you're hugging everybody. No, That's a good point. It's like what I used to drink. I would like tell people I love them now I'm sober. Yeah. I don't tell anyone I love them. Now I'm sober. I just, I I'm more sober. Right. That, That I'm just like rigid You know. That's the benefit of some drugs is that they allow you to relax whatever insecurities you have and just be cool with people. So my girlfriend, speaking of drugs, she's on like serious blood thinners. 'cause she just had a stroke. Oh, Jesus Christ. Yeah. How old is she? Like a couple weeks ago? She's 85.

(1h 10m 16s):
I, no, she, so when we started dating two, two and a half years ago, she had, she was about to get open heart surgery. Yeah. Like she told me that on our first date. Oh my God. Yeah. And Is this like something she was born with? It was a con degenerative heart thing. Mitral valve. She had a mitral valve leak. Oh Jesus. And she found it out. She's 37. And so four months into our dating, she got open heart surgery. Oh my God. Yeah. And then everything was going well. And then like, this was like this month, like I don't even, maybe a month ago I'm gonna see a screening of my friend's movie. This really great comic Isabella Hagan had funded her own movie. I'm gonna see it. We're gonna meet. And she calls me and she says her, she can't see out of her left eye.

(1h 10m 57s):
She's on the subway. And we had to like call an ambulance and like rush to the hospital. And like, the crazy thing is the ambulance did not take us right away. Like we got in there and they like had to make her fill out her insurance. Oh my God. For like 20 minutes. Oh my God. That's so That insane. Great. With one eye. With one eye. Oh My God. That's so crazy. I thought An ambulance just goes, I Thought they go too. They Were like getting the insureds. She's like dying. They're like, what's your group member ID number? Oh my God. And then they finally went and There was no siren. We just had the ambulance without the siren, which Was Oh my God. Which pointless You know. And So ambulance and traffic, Ambulance and traffic. We get to this like er type place.

(1h 11m 39s):
They think she's having a stroke. And we had like a person on tv. It was like Black Mirror. They got like some neurologist who was like on vacation. She just, they brought the TV in like a, like a tv. And she was on the video, the camera was moving around the room looking at people. It was so bizarre. And she said if it's a stroke, she had to go on like really intense, like blood thinners for the day. And that they were so intense that if she even bumped her head, she could get bleeding in the brain. So they had to like, my God, observe her for like a day on these. Really, like, she couldn't go anywhere. 'cause if she, she bled so easily on these blood Thinners. Right. She said to stay put. Yeah. So they gave it to her. She started bleeding out of her mouth right away. Oh my God. She had like a cut in her mouth.

(1h 12m 19s):
She was like smiling like blood coming outta her mouth and Oh my God. And then, and then the craziest part is, so they had to take her to the ICU to observe her. But we weren't at an ICU. We had like an ER that didn't have people stay the night. So we had to, even though she was on these blood thinners, 'cause you had to go on them for four hours, they had to put her in an ambulance in the rain. And we had to drive to a place where she couldn't move for a day. 'cause she could get, if she got hit. Oh my god. Her head was like on the glass. Oh my God. It was insane. Yeah. It was insane. A lot of problem with like EMTs and people like that. It's not a problem, but it's part of the job as they get real accustomed to people being fucked up and dying.

(1h 13m 0s):
I Know. They, yeah. They didn't seem to be that urgent. It's Kind of crazy. Like, I've talked to friends that worked as EMTs and they have the mostro senses of humor. I know. Yeah. And they're so used to people dying and they tell you a story. They all have PTSD, they're all fucked up. They all get to gunshot wounds and Yeah. They all, they all see the worst shit. Car accidents, the worst shit motorcycle crashes. For us It was like a huge emergency. But for them it's like, that's just a stroke. Geez. Her head's intact. Whatever. Right. Oh My God. It's so crazy. She, She lost, she doesn't, she can't get it back. She has like a blind spot in it Right now. Oh my God. Yeah. And no way it's coming back. Or She's gotten used to seeing out both eyes. But when she closes one eye, there's like this, it's like your forehead would be like a little whited out.

(1h 13m 42s):
Oh wow. and I don't think it's gonna come back. She's doing great. She's like, handled it very well. But yeah, it's, it was sad. We left the hospital after like a couple days and it was the saddest part is like, we went outside and There was like a sunrise or a sunset. And she was like, I can't, it doesn't look very pretty to me. Oh. yeah. It was awful. But she's gotten a lot. She, I think she can see a lot. She's more adjusted to it. But I feel so old. I'm like, my girlfriend had a stroke. I got a pastrami sandwich for her there. and I felt like just an old Jewish couple just eating a pastrami sandwich, which after One of 'em had a stroke, After one of them had a stroke, like Yeah, take your pastrami. Oof. Yeah. Oof. But You know, I never thought in a million years I'd be the healthier one in the relationship.

(1h 14m 30s):
That's the luck of the draw. It's nice. It evens out. Like when she had open heart surgery, We were both, I, I make a bit about this, but We were both kind of equally outta breath After that. We'd go up subway stairs and we'd both just be like, fancy. Oh, Jesus Christ. Yeah. But she's doing, she's doing, she's doing great. And she's You know. She, she handles it very well. She's, she's like a better person than me, which is kind of annoying. So even in the hospital, she was like super worried about, she's a therapist. She was super worried about like her patients while she was having a stroke. Oh wow. It's kind of annoying when people are like That. Good. Yeah. You're like, shut. Yeah. Well that's the kind of therapist you want. Yeah. So she doesn't get jaded by the world. Not yet.

(1h 15m 10s):
Yeah. Therapist, that's another one. I mean, you gotta think everyone's outta their fucking mind. 'cause everybody you're talking to is outta their fucking mind. Oh. yeah. And she sees people like it's, you know, she, she helps, she's a social worker therapist, so she helps people who have like You know typically can't afford. Like, so it's not, it's not white people problem therapy. Right. It's like You know safety planning. Yeah. You know. How do I, you know, that kind of stuff. Right. It's not like I feel unhappy. It's like, your husband beat you. How do we get you out of the house kind stuff, you know? Boy. Yeah. She has an intense life. But it, it, it, it's good. It's nice to date. 'cause to me the hardest part about dating someone is their job. They have to tell boring work stories and you just have to deal with it.

(1h 15m 51s):
Right. But her stories are never boring. They're always like insane shit. You know. I guess that's better. I mean, she, It's better than pretending you care about, like her friend being mad at her at the You know Whatever. After a certain point in time, you might look for that. Yeah. Man, I'm looking for nonsense talk now. I like heavy. Do you? I think so. Even when she told me she had about to get open heart surgery. I mean, I, I liked her. I didn't get excited, but I was like, I'm not, I I don't, I don't like shy away from Right. That stuff You know. That's probably a good sign. Yeah. Yeah. No, it feels like we've been married for like 25 years now. Wow. Yeah. You've gone through a lot, right? Yeah. You really learn about someone, someone's going through heart surgery.

(1h 16m 33s):
Yeah. How do you react to it In the hospital when she had it, there's like, have you ever been to the hospital? Someone gets surgery. There's like a giant terminal thing that shows everyone's names and it says like, in the middle, if they're in the middle of surgery or not. And then sometimes it'll just flash canceled and you're like, did that person die? But I think they just like canceled the Yeah. But yeah, it's intense. But I got a couple good bits out of it. And that's what's important. Did she get upset that you have bits about it? No. Maybe she, she might have been disturbed a little by the speed in which I Oh, Well, it's tough.

(1h 17m 13s):
I was in a rut a little. And you know, sometimes you're in a rut with comedy and then something crazy happens, it just starts coming You. know what I mean? Yeah. The, the problem is if it involves someone else, We get in that, we get in that Yeah. Argument a lot. Yeah. Yeah. Which I get. I mean, she's not a cute comedian. She doesn't give a shit. Like, I just wanna be personal. Right. I wanna bravely disclose all her personal, I wanna bravely disclose all Her and how much trouble you're having dealing with Her up and heart. This is hard. Yeah. Like, I've been very brave for bringing this stuff up about You. Like absolutely I feel that way. But, but yeah. No, but she's, yeah. No, she's amazing. And yeah, it's my first like, serious relationship and I'm already in like, like serious and I'm already, it's, I went from like your First ever like, serious one, Like moving in with the person.

(1h 18m 1s):
Oh wow. I know. I'm like 40. It's, But you're a comic and it's like, it's so hard for comics to just settle down to just staying put and doing things with a person and hanging out. It's tough. Yeah. You're just so used to just running from club to club. I know. And set to set and meeting your friends and it just becomes a bizarre lifestyle. Especially when I moved to New York, I got into the cellar and at that point, like you, it's really hard to date people 'cause you get a lot of spots and you can't see anyone. Right. But Yeah. Your nighttimes are filled. Yeah, exactly. And they get mad. Like, you don't have to do a sad tonight, but I do. Yeah. You have to. Yeah. I remember when I was dating this girl, I was 25 and she was like, you don't have to go up tonight. I'm like, but I do. I, I suck. I need to get better. This is only one way to do it. I Know.

(1h 18m 41s):
But I, I am working with like my therapist about realizing that like, You know, I always for years thought the person you're in a relationship with is somehow like an enemy of your artistic Oh. Process. You know. Like, they're there to stifle you. And it's, it's an unhealthy way of thinking. and I've tried to work about How did you develop that way of thinking, you think? I think my mom though she's great, was like pretty overbearing. Like a Jewish mother and I think I, she was so kind of like always like overbearing, like always wanting to know what was going on. That I think my response was just like, go in my room and shut people out. And so I think I'm afraid and she You know she's a Jewish mother, so she just tells me what everything to do at all times.

(1h 19m 25s):
Right. So I think I've associated intimacy with someone. I came up with this with my, my therapist brought this up. I'm not smart enough to realize this, but I think I associate intimacy with someone trying to stifle me. Right. Or smother me You know. Yeah. As opposed to like something where you're trying to You know be in something. But that also can happen. I know if you, with someone who has, they don't understand, like, if they have unreal expectations, they expect you to just quit doing com. Of course. Like I had a friend and he, he was a good comic and he was dating this woman who wanted him to get a job and he was doing pretty good You know, he wasn't like headlining all the places, but he was middling quite a few places. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And like, he had some bits that were bangers.

(1h 20m 5s):
He had some good bits. And he Could have been a really good comic when he, he, and then he got divorced a couple years later. Like I, I ran into him three years later he got divorced. He was trying to do comedy again, but he hadn't done comedy in three years. I've seen that. And he lost all of his momentum and he couldn't get spots and no one gave a shit. And everybody else had kind of moved on and moved up. And that's a bad relationship. 'cause she doesn't understand him. Or like she thinks, like, my thing is my girlfriend doesn't think that way and I sometimes find myself projecting that onto her. Right. 'cause I project like, like she'll just be like, I don't, I'm not comfortable with you doing this joke. And I'm like, quit trying to silence me. I think the thing was with this guy is that he was in his thirties and it hadn't happened yet. Yeah. And it was one of those, probably the parents, like, what is he doing?

(1h 20m 49s):
What if he doesn't make it You know. Right. Right. Like, have you ever experienced that? I had a, a girl that I was dating when I was 21 and her father said that like, what if he doesn't make it like that? I'm just, I'm, first of all, I'm fucking 21. Yeah. Right. I'm a little kid. Right. Leave me alone asshole. Yeah. Yeah. But second of all, like, who know? Yeah, he's right. He's like, who fucking knows? I might not make it, but I'm gonna try. I'm not gonna not try because I might not make it. That's a pussys way to live life. Of Course. And like yeah. I mean you have to like, I don't know. I mean, to me it's not about makeups, but if you love something, do it and do it. If, even if you're broke, I mean, to me it's, I don't believe in like, I don't tr I don't think of things as having a safety plan.

(1h 21m 29s):
David Mame, I think it was him, said that like, don't have a safety plan 'cause you'll end up falling back on it. Yeah. That's common. Yeah. Yeah. Don't have a net. Don't have a net. You will Fall. I think you just have to, if you love something, like, for me, I love comedy. I love like making movies. I'm focused on that. That's wonderful. Yeah. But there are are guys that are doing open mic nights for 25 fucking years. Yeah. And they're still terrible. Yes. Maybe those guys should move on. Oh, a hundred percent. Right. That's what I'm Saying. But like, the question is, are you one of those people? Right. Right. And you, well, at 21, I really didn't know if I was one of those people. But you have to at least give it a chance. And if you're dating someone that doesn't want you to do something wild and take a chance, like this is not gonna work. Yeah. It's definitely good. Especially if you have a kid.

(1h 22m 10s):
I feel like it's definitely good to already have a career of some. Like, I, I, I have a career. It's not like amazing, but it's a career. Yeah. And that helps. Like, it's like I am making money. Yeah. So like, but it, it's really tough if you're like, don't make money. Oh. yeah. You get in a relationship, especially you have a kid. Oh. Because if you have a kid and you're starting out as a comic boy, that is a fucking uphill slog. You're fucked. 'cause then you're also selfish now. Right? Like you're selfish if you're taking spots. Yeah. When you should be getting, so that's, that's tough. You know what Well, if you live in the city, at least you can do it when everyone's asleep. Right. Right. You know, I, when I was living in LA I would do 10 o'clock shows. So I'd be at home and then everybody's basically going to bed. I'm like, I'm going out. I'm gonna go do shows. So I'd do shows from 9:00 PM on.

(1h 22m 49s):
That's true. But how was, was it hard when you first had a kid? Like, Yeah, it's crazy. That's Gotta be tough doing comedy. Like It's crazy. But it's also You know, the thing is like they go to bed early and as long as you have a, a spouse that understands what's going on and she's cool with it, you can go out and do sets. Yes. But if you're starting out then, and this is like this pipe dream that you have and you're not making any money doing it, that's a totally different thing. Like, I was already a headliner, I was already on television, I was already making money. Like that's how we made money. I had to go do comedy. Exactly. So that's a job. But it's not a, a dream You know. It's like Exactly. If you're chasing a dream and you're 36 and you have three kids and you wanna quit your job at the accounting company, like, yikes, Bro.

(1h 23m 32s):
Now you're, now you're kind of being an asshole. Well It's also, it's like what are the, you better get really fucking good before you quit that job. Like Yeah. And how are you gonna have the time to get really fucking good? Yeah, exactly. You wanna, like, if you're gonna have a kid, I think, and we, we talked about we, it's a possibility at some point. It's like you wanna at least make enough money in your career that if you had a kid, you'd actually just have to work harder at your career. Right. As opposed to getting another career. Right. Exactly. You know. Exactly. And it's like, there's a lot of people that are, they have the dream of standup, but they probably haven't really gone at it a hundred percent. Yeah. Well that's The other thing. And they still have this thing in the back of their head that one day they will, and one day they'll really bear down and really start writing and really start performing more often and going up more than twice a week.

(1h 24m 15s):
And, and they just don't. And then they get into the situation where like, oh my God, everyone's kind of passed me by. I know. And all the guys I started out with are now working professionals touring the road and I'm still stuck in la. Right, Right, right. You know. Yeah, you have to, I mean you have to work hard at it. We were talking about if we had a kid, like I was like talking to her and I was like, well you would You know on the weekend I'd be on the road, but during the, during the day, during the week, I'd babysit the kid. And she's like, it doesn't feel like you're very serious if you're referring to it as babysit. Babysit your own kid. Yeah. You can't say, it doesn't seem like you're, what'd you do all day? I baby sap. Oh, whose kids? Mine. What? It doesn't seem like you're really committed to it. It seems like all babysit the kid. You Have a very clear responsibility and it's not yours.

(1h 24m 57s):
I'll do your job for you. if you wanna take a nap, then that you go back to Oh, maybe's the kid for you. You go back to being the boss of the kids. Just pay Me $10 an hour. That's, I Did say that. Gimme what number to call if anything goes wrong. Yeah. That's hilarious. But Yeah, it's, yeah, having a kid is scary. But you know, I think it's good. you know, I think it's good. Yeah. But it's not good for everybody and it's not good depending upon what kind of relationship you're in. Right. You know. You definitely can't do it to save a relationship. Oh my God. I've seen that happen before. We're like, what are you doing? Are you crazy? You guys are about to break up now you're having a kid. Yeah. That doesn't work. No one's like, we're about to break up. It's Gonna keep us together.

(1h 25m 38s):
Oh. yeah. But sort, I guess. Yeah. I mean you'll always talk. I feel like kids break people apart more than anything. They break some people apart. They bring some people closer they definitely brought me and my wife closer. Really? Yeah. It's not a, it doesn't have to be a negative thing. It's just like comics look at it as a thief of their time. I know You know and You know. Louis said it best. He said, you just gotta let it change you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. you know, I thought that was really good advice. It, 'cause it definitely changes you and you can't resist it. You just gotta be who you are now. You're just a different person now. Now, now you're a person that's watching babies come out of your wife's body and then grow up and talk to you and you take 'em to do things together and you're having fun and laughing together. It's like this very strange thing where a life that did not exist now exists.

(1h 26m 20s):
Right. And, and you love it more than anything you've ever loved in your life. You love this person And you love it. No matter if the kid is like telling a boring story. Like it goes beyond like with your friends. You're like, every story's gotta be entertaining. You know. Yeah. But with people you love, it's like you just love them. I talk to my kids about the most boring shit, but it, to them, it's not boring. You know, like, they like to talk about bands they like and stuff they like and it's interesting, you know, it's fascinating to watch their little minds grow and the way they interface with the world and see them develop skills and things. Yeah. All, All my siblings have kids. They're, they're a lot of fun. It's time to do it if you're 40. I know. I keep on asking like I'm rushing. I keep on acting like I'm rushing into things.

(1h 27m 0s):
I'm like, I don't know, it seems so quick. And then I'm like, wait, I'm 40 or something. Yeah. I Always think I'm rushing into things when it's actually like the last chance. Right. Or at least the last chance of the You know. We, we will, it's gonna be a little on hold 'cause its stroke. I would say that's probably a good Move. Yeah. Jesus Christ. Well, she's On blood thinners now. She's like a hemophiliac. How long did Roger ales those for? What, how Long does she have to stay on those For until they figure out what kind of caused it? Roger Ales was a hemophiliac. Was he? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Jesus. That's a scary one. I know. Every anybody could just punch you to death. Yeah. Or just, yeah. Just give you a bloody nose and you bleed out. Yeah. It's crazy. That's nuts. Yeah.

(1h 27m 40s):
That's how she was. I mean, she's not like that now, but in the ICU she's basically hemophiliac. Yeah. And so she has to stay on these for how long? I think they're trying to find out exactly. They still don't know what caused a stroke. Wow. They assume it's something to do with her heart surgery. Makes sense. Either that or God hates her and just giving her a bunch of shit. A double whammy to deal with. But, but I think it's, yeah. I think they'll find out. But yeah. Hopefully not. I mean, I think she'd have to get off if we had a kid. Yeah. But yeah, I have like six, six nephews and nieces. So you You like you've got baby fever, A. little bit. It seems like you keep talking about it. A little bit. A. little bit. Little touch. Little touch. But also You know touch You know touch you To P But also like, also like not having a kid.

(1h 28m 23s):
I don't know. They both have good points and bad points For sure. I don't think everybody needs to, but You know there's a lot of people that have kids that say everybody's to kid. I think you can have a wonderful life without having children. I think it's totally possible, but Well, the people that killed their kids probably should have had kids. Everybody should have it. Yeah. I read this horrible story about this child prodigy that like the mother trained this child to do everything. They rebelled at 18 and she killed him. Oh my God. Yeah. Oh. Rebelled against a thing Against I, I forget what I, I got so disturbed by it. I I turned the page. But I was reading about this. But that person shouldn't have had a kid. Kid. Yeah. Well there's a lot of psychos that their kid is just a representation of the, it's not an individual human being.

(1h 29m 8s):
It's their property. It's them going through life. You will do what I tell you to do. You'll be a lawyer, you'll be a football player, whatever the fuck it is. Like. Well, That's why the other bullshit thing, the people that act like kids make you a better person. That's, that's not, Not everybody. That's not true. Yeah. Listen, it's like the oxycodone thing. Yeah. Like who Are you Exactly. It intensifies. It's actually who you are. But now there's like much bigger moral consequences. Right. Like you, you can be kind of a dick, but it's not that big of a deal. But then if you have a kid and you're still a dick now you're like a bad person. Yeah. Where before you're just a like kind of a dick You know Or you're just exuding excellence in broadcasting. Yes.

(1h 29m 49s):
Kind of makes sense why he's so cocky. The guy was like flying high all day. Whatcha talking about we rush, Rush Oh. yeah. That's excellence in broadcasting. Yeah. That was his thing, right? Yeah. He was excellence in broadcasting, rush limbo. Just a never at once. Just be at peace. It's like, Just made me think too, like this whole idea of conservatives being like buttoned down sober people. Like, look at the world clearly. No, your fucking main guys pilled out of his fucking mind. Spouting out nonsense. I know Obama's from Kenya. We'll be right back. They're like, they're like the real fucking hippies on all these drugs. Yeah. Oh. As long as it's prescribed by a doctor. It's not a drug. That's how I go by it.

(1h 30m 29s):
You know the i The doctor said approved The Doctor said, I, I told the doctor I have a Adderall problem. He gave me a Prescription. It's so funny to be like that. I have a real problem. We'll, we'll just prescribe it for you. That is so wild that they said that to you. I Know. It was insane. That's so wild. Yeah. Well, you need it. You obviously you're on it. You shouldn't get off of it 'cause then you could die or something. You could fucking be slow and not as, It was hard to get off. It was hard to like go back to riding without it. Oh. yeah. you know, Oh. yeah. It's tough. But You know I had to do it and I can't go back on it now 'cause I would chain smoke on it and I quit smoking. And honestly that's more worrisome. Like if I took an Adderall, I would just chain smoke again. It Seems like a lot of coping, a lot of things going on in your head right now.

(1h 31m 9s):
Oh. yeah. I'm Talking about this Oh. yeah. Oh wait, what do you Mean? Because it always has a grip on you. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's Like I, well maybe I could go back, but then I would start chain smoking and I don't wanna do that. So I don't wanna Go back. All right, let's do it. Let's relapse right now. Just Fucking crush. I'm gonna start snorting them. Lloyd Bridges from Airplane Bad day to get back on Adderall. Yeah. I've avoided those. But I've, I've been curious about Adderall. Have you never done it? Nope. Nope. Never done it. Never done cocaine. Never done Adderall. Interesting. So you're not, because you do, you do drugs. Yeah. But I, when I was a kid, I got very lucky and not lucky, but one of my friends, his cousin was addicted to Coke and I watched this guy's life completely fall apart. He was selling coke and did he? It was like a, like you got bit by a vampire. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

(1h 31m 49s):
Like it was a different person. Like he was real skinny and like looked all gaunt and shit and just coked up all the time and fucked Up. You're not supposed to use your own supply. That's like a big Well he didn't follow the rules. He's not follow the Coke. I think a lot of 'em don't follow the, it wasn't like a businessman. He was a guy who like got coke and sold some of it. Such A nerd. But he, that's not, that's not drug dealer protocol. Yeah. I mean it's from You know the Biggie, the 10 Crack commandments. He had Crack commandments Don't get high off your own supply. Yeah. Yeah. I I, yeah. I mean I, I did a lot of coke back in the day too. it was I mean You see a lot of sunrises. Oh. yeah. Which is pretty, That's a good way to look at it.

(1h 32m 30s):
I've seen way more sunrises now Right. Than I would've if I didn't do cocaine. But What about when you were getting up at Farmer hours? You saw a lot of sunrises then too. Yeah, But I was a kid. I didn't appreciate it. You know. Mm. So the Adderall, When you're a kid, you're never like, oh, well look at a beautiful sunrise. And it's easier to stay awake than it is to get up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's that's a good point. Look a very good point. Great point. if You, if you are on Adderall, it's way easier to just stay up. That Sounds like a profound line in a song. Yeah. Like a Dylan l It's easier. When I was young, I used to love staying up all night. I used to think it was awesome that I would be going to bed when everybody was running around Oh. yeah. It is A, that's my favorite thing. It's a sacred time. I, this comedian friend of mine, great comic Ben Moore, he, he, he, he had an awful sleeping schedule where he would literally go to bed at nine in the morning.

(1h 33m 17s):
Whoa. And woke up at 5:00 PM a pm and just start his day when everyone was like Ending There. was he a comic? Yeah. A Comic. That's comic life. Yeah. That's a little too much. That's A lot. You need sunlight. Yeah. Every now and then, you probably shouldn't do that. But every now and again, do it. I don't think it's so bad, but I like, I mean I, I I like sunlight. Yeah. I like to You. know it's Good for you. Tell you get vitamin D how you stay, stay healthy. But I was, when I was like in my early twenties when I lived in New York, I would stay up all night all the time. Really? Yeah. I go to bed, Not on cocaine. It's very impressive. Just High on life. Playing Pool mostly. Oh, you're big pool Guy. Yeah. So like I'd go to the clubs then afterwards go to the pool hall, play pool till four o'clock in the morning, go to a diner.

(1h 33m 57s):
Oh wow. Get something to eat. My friends, six o'clock in the morning I was hanging out with just complete derelicts like pool hustlers and crazy people and, and comics. You know. So it was like no one was normal. And so then it was normal. So I called someone at five o'clock. I said, I just woke up. They would think it was funny. It's like I was up all night. It was normal. It wasn't like you loser. Right. It was like, oh, you're living the crazy young life. And you liked it, huh? Oh, it Was good Times'. I impressed that you could do that without cocaine. I feel like that's very impressive. Yeah. But when you're playing pool all night and you're drinking coffee and just hanging out, it's, it's time. And also I was so used to it. I was so used, I didn't have anything to get up for. Right, right. I didn't have a job. So This is when you're doing comedy Work?

(1h 34m 37s):
Yeah. I just started making money doing comedy. So I had enough money that I, that comedy for the first time in my life was like legitimately paying my bills. Oh wow. Paying my rent. I had a car, like I was driving around to gigs. I was doing like headliner gigs in Connecticut and Jersey. Like 500 bucks there, three 50 there. So every week I was making like a good amount of money. and I was just having a good time. That's Great. I always, they always talk about like the, the moment where you start making it and you can quit your day job. Yeah. That never happened. I had, I would have day jobs and make a little money on comedy and then the day job would want to fire me 'cause I wasn't there enough. But I'd like, no, I need this job. I don't make enough in comedy. And then they'd fire me. I'd be like forced to like focus on Comedy.

(1h 35m 18s):
How many years in did you become a complete professional? I think like 11. Oh wow. A long time. So you really did keep a job for, well do you think the job held you back or do you think it helped you? No. No. I only had like shitty, like, kind of like part-time jobs. Right. I think I, I think around not, I started opening for Kathleen Madigan on the road and that's when I first started having money. And she was great. And it was great working with her. She's hilarious. She's amazing. And she, I really learned a lot from her and she's one of the best. And that's when I first kind of had money where I could like actually move to New York. I think I, I had part-time jobs and that was just living with my parents and doing comedy on the road. Going to like the Looney bins and shit. Taking greyhounds. I took Greyhounds everywhere.

(1h 35m 58s):
It was, I I I paid my dues. Nice. I would take a, like a 18 hour Greyhound. Ooh. I did that a couple of times. It's insane. It was, it Was bus trips to a gig of row. It's like the DMV on wheels. It's just the most depressing. It's the weird fucking people. Like where are you in normal walks of life other than Walmart? You're like, yeah. How did you even get on a bus? Yeah. You like in, oh, I've heard like the craziest shit on like the Greyhound is just like an insane, but I, that story About the one guy who cut a guy's head off on a Greyhound. I used to have a bit about it. 'cause You know, like other comics, other comic other comics have like the observational airplane material. Right. But I, I wasn't doing well enough to get airplane. I'd open all my bits with Greyhound material. Oh wow. Just got here from the Greyhound.

(1h 36m 39s):
I had a bit about like how it was, I was surprised the bus even stopped after that. Usually, usually they just keep on going. I hope the shit works itself out. That guy, what was he, he was just like schizophrenic or something. He, he cut some guy's head off that was sitting next to him. He Schizophrenic, he cut. It was a Carney Canada man. Who? Behead bus passenger granted freedom. Oh. yeah. What? Oh? yeah. The Canadian legal system is insane. Wait, What? Yeah. No, he got, he, he's like, he got like out. He's been granted freedom. Full freedom. Yeah. No, it's crazy. It it, when you read this, it'll make You like appreciate America. He was deemed not criminally responsible and received mental health treatment. A review board in Manitoba ordered his discharge without monitoring saying he did not pose a significant threat.

(1h 37m 24s):
When you behead someone on a bus, aren't you a significant threat? I just feel like once you beheaded someone, that's it. That's it for you. Oh my God. Right. He removed his internal organs. He had ache. The Parts repeatedly stabbed him. Oh my god. Ca attacked began without warnings. Alerted by screams from the victim. The driver stopped the bus and fled with the passengers. As Mr. Bakker continued his attack. He was found not criminally responsible. In 2009 for the killing, spent seven years in treatment. Secure wing of a psychiatric hospital. The voice told me I was the third story of the Bible, that I was like the second coming of Jesus and I was to save people from a space alien attack. Mm. He also said he was really sorry for what he'd done.

(1h 38m 8s):
It's funny, back to back. It is the best that they, I was third Completely Outta context. Generally. I'm not a fan of that. But in this, in this stretch I put that back up. I like how they talk 'em completely outta context and said really sorry in quotes. Not even.dot do. I was killing to prevent space aliens. But also, hi bad. Are you sorry. I'm really sorry. Really? I'm really sorry. Oh, okay. There's Something about really, sorry that's just very funny for that. Well he definitely doesn't pose a significant threat to the safety of the public. Imagine. Imagine if that's your friend, this guy cut your friend's head off and they just let him out. It's insane. No, I They did a radio lab about this. Like in America, if you be had someone that's like the end, a wrap of your, that's a wrap.

(1h 38m 51s):
That's a wrap. That's a wrap as but shouldn be, I feel like once you cut off a head there's no resuscitating your career. But there they just like observed him for A little bit. He believed the victim was an alien. Well he had a, he had his reasons. Did you hear about the lady in California that smoked weed and she stabbed her boyfriend? She killed him. She stabbed him like 11 times. Something crazy. And they deemed her not criminally responsible because she went psychotic. She had a psychotic break from The weed. But saying Was she really sorry? She was really sorry. She was really, Yeah, she was really sorry. I think she said really? Really? So Really, really, I think we're good. I feel Like that guy needed another Really Don't you think That is one of those moments where I go, okay, if that was a man that did that to a woman and had the same excuse, I do not think anybody would buy it.

(1h 39m 36s):
No. Not for a fucking second Just to be like Woman. Oh, 108 times. Excuse me. Excuse me. 108 times. Did I say 11? You said 11. Yeah. I met 108. Gee, what the fuck California. I forgot. A potent strain of pot. Yeah, It's specifically, that's really potent strain. But it was really potent. Dude, relax. Stop being so judgy. I mean it was really potent. Do they have to call it potent? She went to jail sco free. Hmm. She was convicted of involuntary manslaughter. What is the difference between involuntary invol? I didn't mean to kill him. I only stabbed him 108 times. Yeah. I guess involuntary is One time should be attempted murder. And if you actually kill them, it's murder.

(1h 40m 17s):
Well yeah, of course. Right. It's one stab. Yeah. Premeditated comes in for murder. Right. So you need to like, but wait a minute, isn't it second degree murder if it's not premeditated man, I think that's what it is. Yeah. I think that's the second degree. Murder is man. Like you don't mean to Yeah. Manslaughter is an accident. Isn't It weird that premeditated is worse? Because the other one is kind of like, oh, he could kill that any time without warning. But that should get a lesser sentence. Yeah, kind. I feel like that's a scarier one. The premeditated is like at least you, at least you might know if he's planning it again. 'cause he plans it. You know. I see what you're saying. But the other one like, but he's got his reasons right? Like the Guy on the bus is like, I could kill anyone at any time. And they're like, well that's not as bad. Although the two were dating, Cher told the outlet she never considered Amelia her official boyfriend and said she told him she no longer had any romantic interest in him two days before killing him.

(1h 41m 8s):
Okay. She claimed he was aggressive, intimidating, and had an a temper. She told the outlet. So when he encouraged her to hit a bong on the day of the stabbing she gave into the pressure then went into a deadly psychosis. Well I think her alibi is that he was really annoying. He seemed super annoying. He got real loud and yelling. Yeah. Imagine that for a While. Like he get super shouty. Fuck that guy. Imagine A guy doing that. But also kind of, sorry quote. So we're both accountable. Oh my God. But there's obviously been more attention to my part versus Chad's part. The part where the guy got stabbed 108 times. I feel like people are Really focused on me. Yeah. and I just don't think it's the full Story.

(1h 41m 50s):
Such sexism and bullshit. I Stabbed him 108 times. But like he also But was yelly, he also raised his voice a lot. He Got shouty. Yeah, but they're just focusing on the, And he scared me. Okay. He fucking raised his voice. That's The pro stabbing someone 111 times. Really? Just 108. Sorry. 108. That It wasn't that potent weed Hyperbole. I love how they say potent weed as if super potent. As if that's the strand. Like you go to the drug store, they're like, this strand will have you stab your boyfriend Month before the fatal encounter. Elia's roommate also had an extreme reaction after smoking outta the same bong. Goldstein said he suffered hallucinations and fear of death. But that just sounds like you get too high.

(1h 42m 30s):
That's just what, every time I get on Fucking bong. Does this guy have, yeah, she only smoked pot less than a half a dozen times prior to the stabbing. Her lawyer said, describing her as a naive user. She's naive. Imagine. But just imagine the sex is being reversed. She got really yelly and I got real nervous and you know, I had only smoked pot like six times before that. Oh well then in that case Oh. yeah. Yeah. Are you really, really sorry. Well also like what about her part? Well I just You know she was kind of responsible. It's Just funny that they're using weed like it's like it's bath salt or crystal meth. They're just like Exactly. It was a really strong weed. It wasn. Even not high. 31% THC. That's pretty high son.

(1h 43m 10s):
Not bad, but it's like no matter, 'cause there's caution for high tolerance users only. Yeah. But the problem is the side effects or the effects of marijuana do not match that at all. No, it is the opposite. I don't, yeah, that's, that's, I think that's on her. Los Angeles based dispensary found marijuana flour for sale legally with th levels as high as 39%. That's even more potent. Similar levels were available Friday from a local competitor, but yet no one's running around stamping people. It's just so crazy that they accepted that. It sounds so nuts. And you talk about victim blaming. Well what about Chad? Chad was really Shay. Oh his, the name was Chad and then nevermind. Yeah, His name was Chad. Nevermind then.

(1h 43m 50s):
Didn't that it So that's his name, right? Chad? I Ain't bad name. No, it's not a good name for a guy that got stabbed automatically. Unless her name's Karen. Automatically you're gonna be On Sean. It was Sean. Sean. Why did she But It's like what we said like no, Chad. Chad. Wait. Yeah. Killing him Chad. Yeah. I don't know why it says Sean here. Chad. Chad. People Don't even care what the guy's fucking name. Fuck Chad. I his father Sean. I, I mean like Yeah, that's what We were talked about before. When the drug brings out who you are inside. Right. Like the killing of the stabbing someone 108 times. That's, that's you You Know. It's also like how do you keep doing it after you do it one or two times? How do you keep Boring after a while? That's so crazy. Like your arm must get tired. You stabbed him 108 times point.

(1h 44m 31s):
It's Actually a pretty impressive workout. She probably like hurt herself. Yeah. What about that? What about that? She got hurt too. What about that? It's A good point. Yeah. It's just, I couldn't imagine ever a guy seeing those roles reversed. There's no way. Yeah, I stabbed her 108 times. But here's the thing. She was real naggy, Super shouty And I was pretty high. Yeah. I got really high. and I don't forget That high. Forget that. All right, you are, that's Freak. Only smoke pot five or six times. That's not like the first time. Let's not You like five or six times is like, You know what weed does, but weed Doesn't Do doesn't do that. It Doesn't make you kill people. No, no. I mean you can go crazy though. You can freak out some.

(1h 45m 11s):
Some people freak out. They really do. But, but that she must have really despised that guy. And that might might have been like popped out Of her. Like, that's Not former with this fucking idiot that's In there. Not that deep yeah's. Not like you're just like, yeah. Fuck Yeah. 108 times. I mean I've had like You know you get, I get anxious on weed. Yeah, But you don't go around stabby. No. I just sit there thinking everyone's gonna hate me and I'm gonna die. Yeah. I don't like think about stabbing people. Yeah. 108 times. That is, that is excessive. if you did Anything a hundred times when you're high, you meant you probably meant to Do it. Yeah. It seems like if you hit 108 golf balls, that's what you're trying to do. It's about the max you could do. It's you get pretty fucking tired. Seems like she's more on Adderall with that amount of stabbing.

(1h 45m 51s):
That sounds so crazy. I wanna know if she was on anything else along with it. 'cause You know like if you mix like Zoloft with cocaine, it is very dangerous. Oh really? There's certain things that you, if you mix stuff with no bueno. Really? Yeah. People lose their fucking marbles. What's bad with Prozac? I'm on Prozac. That's a good question. I shouldn't know what is bad with Prozac. Let's find out if you're on Prozac. Should you be taking edibles? Oh boy. What happens? Done. I take one every night. Oh well you're the test. It's fine for you. I was Looking up, That's the thing, it's like what's fine for you is not fine for everybody. I was looking up NyQuil 'cause I was taking, and I also take a sleeping pill and I wanted to see if NyQuil.

(1h 46m 32s):
Here it goes. Okay. You shouldn't take it may increase your risk for bleeding problems. Oh, a couple of strokers. Make sure your doctor knows if you're also taking other medicines that thin the blood, including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatories like ibuprofen. What else? I take ale. I take Advil all the Time in VA interacts with monoamine oxidase inhibitors. M MAOIs, other antidepressants and blood thinners. Sounds Like I'm okay. Don't take, I can't make sure with my girlfriend's medication. Don't. That's saying don't take ayahuasca though. Oh really? Yeah. I'm not really, I don't, I don't think I would take ayahuasca. Well, don't do it. I'm already, because you're on the Prozac.

(1h 47m 12s):
Don't do it. I'm not into, 'cause it says non, it said non-steroidal anti-inflammatories and MAO inhibitors. And that's one of the ingredients. Serious bleeding, serotonin syndrome. What's this guy? Bleeding? I think it's about the blood thinning stuff. Oh really? Manufacturer Prozac recommends Whoops. That you avoid drinking and alcohol while all taking this drug. Hey, I don't Drink. There you go. Alcohol can worsen. I think I'm good. Okay. I think I'm good. Just don't take my, yeah. Girlfriend's blood thinners. Does the Prozac make you kind of speedy at all? No, I have, I have a really bad anxiety I've had my whole life and I was on Paxil for like 10 years and then I tried to get off of it.

(1h 47m 57s):
Like about, What is Paxil? What is that one? It's like An ant. It's just another's an SSRI. Yeah. Yeah. And I got off of it like five years ago. Just weaned off of it. And, and then like six months later I had the worst panic of my life. I basically was dizzy for like three months straight. Oh boy. I had a panic attack at every show. Just on stage. Every open mic. I'd not open mic or whatever. I'd have a panic attack on stage. It was awful. And, and I was super dizzy. and I was my psychiatrist said it wasn't even withdrawal. Just This is the same one that gave you the Adderall prescription? No, No. No. Different one. Are you one of those guys that shops around for different psychiatrists? Well, that was in Louisville. This is in New York. And after I went to rehab I was like, maybe you shouldn get a different shrink.

(1h 48m 41s):
But he, I had like terrible like dizziness and I had to get on something else. So I got on Prozac and it helped a little with that. Is there anything else it helped other than the Prozac? Is there any activities that I don't Have to like, have my girlfriend You know, have, have bore her with having sex for too long? It helped that You know because it makes you, what is it? It, well actually it keeps you from getting it up. Oh. But I don't have that problem. So it definitely, okay, So the Paxil was helping you in a different way than the Prozac is? I think it was the same thing. I just didn't wanna go back on Paxil. 'cause the Paxil had to look a lot of weight gain. Oh. So I went on Prozac and then gained the weight anyway. But, and does the, what was the difference in the way you felt on Paxil versus on Prozac?

(1h 49m 25s):
Both of them make, honestly made me feel kind of like the same. Which is just like a somewhat anxious person. The problem was when I was on Paxil, I thought I didn't need it. But the reason I thought I didn't need it is 'cause I was on it You. know what I mean? Right. That's the problem with people get off antidepressants. They're like, well I don't need it now. That's because it's working. Right. So unless there's like a problem, I don't know. When I got off of it, it was like a nightmare. That anxiety I had, it was like truly like, especially having panic attacks on stage. Jesus, it's so shitty. 'cause we all get anxiety, but usually I, I, I'd come to believe that anxiety leaves you once you get on stage. Like it's a comfort zone. Right. and I and I had lost that for a long time. I had like, had panic, like all throughout a set.

(1h 50m 6s):
Jesus You know. Yeah. It was awful. Was there anything else that you tried that helped that at all? I try You know. I try to meditate. Did that do anything? It helps a little. Honestly, the thing that helped the most was panic attacks on stage was just continuing to have them to the point where you notice it doesn't, doesn't doesn't destroy the world. Like Right. Because I would actually still do okay on stage. Actually. People wouldn't really notice. Like, I'd go off after like, that was horrible. They're like, I didn't even notice. you know? Which makes you feel more alone, by the way. The fact that you can have this hell in your head and no one notices. And when you were doing this, were there sometimes you didn't have the hell in your head?

(1h 50m 47s):
Or did it happen every time? I think it happened for those three months. Like almost every time. I mean, sometimes maybe not. Or if I was doing a long set, like an hour, maybe It would go away after a while. Mm. But I, I, I honestly think just having them and then realizing it's not a big deal, they can still do the show that made it go away. Because I think for the worst thing you can do is anxiety is like, run away from it. Like, if, if you're anxious when you go outside, the worst thing you can do is just not go outside. 'cause then it like builds. Mm. So having, I I, if anyone has panic attacks on stage, just continuing to have them and letting your brain know that it's not a big deal. That it's not gonna destroy you.

(1h 51m 28s):
Oh wow. Then it starts to go away, you know? Wow. So now You know I'm back to not really having them on stage. But yeah, it was, it was tough. Like getting off medication was like a harsh show. I mean, I kind of wish I was never on it to begin with. You know. Do you wish you were on Prozac to begin with? Or do you think that like, did something about taking the anti-anxiety medication accentuate it when you got off it? Was it accentuate the, the Yeah. Like the anxiety that, did you have the same level of anxiety before you did Paxil that you had when you got off of it? I think it was more like, I mean, it's all a mystery, I guess. Why exactly. But I think it was more like all this anxiety.

(1h 52m 9s):
It was this giant wave of anxiety that I just happened to have in my life. I just come out with a special and I was feeling this. Like, I had this urge to just like, create more stuff and like, just You know that feeling you have where you just wanna get out as much stuff because you're afraid you're gonna die. Oh wow. I had that urge kind of big. I was like, I gotta do the next thing and the next thing. And then actually the way it started, I was at my brother's place and I looked in the mirror and I saw these moles on my back. and I was just convinced there were skin cancer. Ooh. That's how it began. And not like I always had hypochondria, but this was different. This was like, I knew I was gonna die. And then I went to the doctor and they were like, it, it doesn't look like skin cancer. And then the next day I stood up and I was dizzy and was dizzy for like three months straight.

(1h 52m 50s):
Jesus Christ. Yeah. I think it was a wave of anxiety just where I was in my life. But for the, for the first time in 10 years, I didn't have something to mask it, which I think made it more intense. Mm. you know, You know what I mean? How long Were you off it for? About like four months. And then I, and then I slowly got on Prozac, maybe a little more five Months. So four months of hell. Yeah. It was, it was awful. And it was just like, yeah. It was awful. So did you have that level of anxiety when you were younger? When I was really young and I'd have these really bad screaming fits, like when I was like eight or nine, I would just suddenly have these moments where I was like, I don't know, this moment of just feeling hopeless or something. I just started yelling and my parents never knew what it was.

(1h 53m 33s):
I actually would cut myself a couple times, like on the leg just to like distract it. Oh, wow. and I had those and I didn't know what it was. And then in college I also started doing cocaine, which didn't help. And then I had some like really bad kind of anxiety in college and that, that's when I went on Paxil originally. You know Whew. Yeah. But no, I've always had like really bad anxiety. Damn. Do you have anxiety? No. And it's so funny after this log thing. No, I mean, do you have anxiety? You're Like, I can get it. Sometimes I, I can talk myself into it. I can talk myself out of it. Yeah. I get anxiety about existential threats.

(1h 54m 14s):
Like I get anxiety about war sometimes. Like late at night, I get anxiety about like the more I read about history. Yeah. The more I understand, you know, how many times in history society was, everything was great and everything was fine, and then all of a sudden some terrible event took place and then we went back to like the stone age. Right. Right. And this is an imminent threat to life that we, we look at the goings on in the world as if it's like some plot in a television show that we're watching. You're watching what's happening in Ukraine, you're watching what's happening in Gaza and you're watching what's happening in Iran and you're watching all this crazy shit. And it doesn't seem real because it hasn't affected you.

(1h 54m 56s):
But it's it, when late at night when everyone's asleep, that's when it gets me. Right. All the horrors of Everything. Yeah. I start thinking that this, this ridiculous life that we live and all the, the stupid societal conflicts that we have that are mostly meaningless and nonsense and that they're accentuated constantly in the news. All the while real people are dying. Right. And like drone Right. Suicide bombs. Right. You can watch them on on YouTube while We're just having like culture wars arguments. Yeah. I mean, I've seen so many people die on Instagram reels. So many people get blown up by missiles and blown up by drones and suicide drones slamming into people and detonating them.

(1h 55m 41s):
I watched this guy, some guy, I forget what part of the world it was, but he wore a suicide vest. They tried to stop him and these guys run and they grab him and they all explode. Okay. They're trying to stop him from pulling the vest and this this bomb goes off. And you see just parts of people flying and you're like, fuck man. This is all happening in the world right now. It's just not happening right here. You're watching it. You're like, for some reason I'm really anxious right now. Yeah. I get freaked out and I start thinking about just how fragile our civilization really is. Yeah. Oh. yeah. It's completely fragile. Yeah. I mean it's, And we're so soft, we're so accustomed to living this way. We're so, like when the power went off earlier when We were doing this podcast, what did we do?

(1h 56m 22s):
We wait for it to come back on. Yeah. Yeah. Somebody's gonna fix it. What if It doesn't come back on? Yeah. I used to have a bit about that, that like when the, the dumb people out, fuck the smart people and the power just goes off and no one has any idea how to turn it back on again. Like what do you do? Somebody does it. They do it and but that what if that guy's dead? Like, do we know? And when do we know? Right. How long afterward do we figure out the power's not coming back. Right. It's crazy. The world's just functioning off of just this. Yeah. No one's really running the ship. It's just a collective thing of functioning You. know What I mean? And we're connected by the most fragile thing we have. Yeah. Which is the power grid in our computer infrastructure. Yeah. All that can be wiped out in one solar flare. And we take it so much for granted. Yeah. So it's the only reason why we're alive.

(1h 57m 3s):
It's a hundred degrees outside and I have a hoodie on. Right. You know, I'm super comfortable in here. We have air conditioning, we're fine. Right. We're not dying of heat exhaustion. We're not out there dehydrating to death. We know where the water is. It's Like we've ignored the fact that nature can be a threat. You know. And we're just so vulnerable and we're so reliant to keep this civilization going the way it is. Like, look, think about what, what we've been talking about today. Like if you go back and watch films from like the 1930s and 19, how horrific people treated each other. And over time because of our access to all these different human beings and how they feel about things and how they discuss things. All that has kind of elevated our discourse and elevated the way we communicate with each other and we interact with each other and we demand more.

(1h 57m 44s):
Right. And there's gonna be overcompensation and it's gonna, things are gonna go back and forth, but generally it's moving in the right direction. But that's only because all of our needs are met. And because there's electricity. Right. You can Go back at any time. Yeah, sure. So electricity is the thing that changed everything. When you can stay cool and stay warm, you can live in places you shouldn't be living. Yeah. And then we Just, It would be a hell, hell to live in without A cities would be in un livable. All cities would be a hellhole. Yeah. There's no food. No one's growing food. How do you eat? Well, as soon as trucks stop coming in, everyone's fucked. Yeah. Yeah. There's no food. Yeah. You have enough food for like a few hours of everybody eating and then that's it. Yeah. The Gaza stuff is awful.

(1h 58m 25s):
It's horrifying. You created such a, you know, I'm Jewish obviously, if you can't tell, I think you brought that up. It's been, it's, it's, it's been such a complicated, horrible thing and it's just, it's just horrible all around. It is complicated and horrible. And it's also complicated when you see so much antisemitism. I know around like open antisemitism about all Jews I know. As if there's like this cabal of evil people that are pulling the strings. I know. I've posted You know. I think I hate Netanyahu. I hate the Israeli government. I think Bo Gaza and Israel have taken, been taken over by extremists, you know? Right. But I've posted concern for antisemitism and I've been like attacked by people. Yeah. Like how can you be worried about that when people are dying in Gaza?

(1h 59m 6s):
And I'm like, there's two different things. Yeah. They're both real. Yeah. They're both real. and I have a right to be concerned. Jews have a right to be a little nervy. Yeah. You know. So shit went down. We have a remember. Yeah. We have a right to get cautious. you know. But it's also, that's one of the things that, I forget who was talking to us about this. it might have been Jordan Peterson, but it was somebody, it was somebody when they were saying that it's one of the hallmarks of a civilization's decline. They start blaming things on the Jews. It is. It's really common. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know. Because Jews stick together and You know they, it's a very difficult club to get into You know. Well, I think what people have done too is there are a lot of ex There is an extremist faction in Israel Yes. Who are like awful. Which by the way was being protested for months on end before October 7th.

(1h 59m 49s):
Exactly. And what people aren't doing, they're not giving Israel the benefit of a conflicted soul. And a lot of the anti-Zionist propaganda is making you think all of Israel is like that. Exactly. But It's, it's no different than another country like America. It's a conflicted place. There are extremists and some of them are awful. And Nhu has put a lot of them in his government made a coalition with them. But there's also people who want peace, people who want You know Palestinian self-determination. Like All human beings. Yeah. Everywhere in the world, there's good people. It's like if you hated Trump, but then you assume when he was president, everyone in America supported Trump. Right. Right. if you thought that it's like, right. It's very dehumanizing to think like all of Israel is like just In support of the genocide and gossip.

(2h 0m 34s):
Right. And That's the Zionist story. And then you see poll, 65% of people say it's okay to rape Palestinian prisoners. Who did you talk to? Who did you talk to? 65% of who? Yeah. Who the fuck is answering that poll? Yeah. Hey, let me ask you a couple questions about rape. Who the fuck is answering that? We talking about raping prisoners. I'm all in by the way. I'm on my way to work. I gotta go. Well, Yeah. And, and like there's also like, there's obviously a lot of horrible shit Israel has done, but a lot of people go beyond that and make it, it's not just like, it's fine to be like, they don't put civilians in like, they, they don't think about civilians. I understand that as a critique. But a lot of people wanna make it look like they're like going out of their way to just only kill civilians. They have a goal.

(2h 1m 15s):
it might be bad and Reckless. Yeah. But there's been things like the killing of the aid workers, You know, like the hose Jose Andrees people. Yeah. Which is like, seems like they were targeted. I don't know. It's hard to believe the purpose for that. The targeting To keep people from getting food to the Oh really? To the Gaza refugees. Yeah. I don't know. I don't, I don't like, I don't have a position. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. Yeah. I'm just saying That that's, that's the Some people think Yeah. Accusation is that they knew who those people were. I think Israel, I think, I don't, it's hard for me to believe that that's where they're, I do think they want to get rid of Hamas. I think a lot of people have died. It's awful. and I don't think it's worth it all this at all. But I don't think they're like, You don't think that some people have a a a dehumanization way of looking at Palestinians.

(2h 1m 58s):
Yeah, for sure. They do. Definitely. Yeah. Well that, I think that's what you're looking at when you're seeing soldiers rape Palestinian prisoners. You've seen that video. Yeah. No, that, that, that camp is awful. Yeah. The Whole, it's awful. Truly a nightmare. Look, whenever a human being is capable of doing something like that to another human being that they don't even know, they consider that person the other, you've got a giant problem. Yeah. And that, that, that's the giant problem of being able to just bomb Gaza into oblivion. Of course. Yeah. And kill who knows how many thousands of people. It's, it's almost like the United States' reaction after 9 11, 9 11 We were, the whole world was on our side. Yeah. Everybody wanted America to prosper. We can't believe America was attacked America this shining beacon, beacon of democracy and self-government.

(2h 2m 44s):
Like, no, not America. And then what do we do? We invade Iraq. Right. And we kill a a a million people wind up dying because of our invasion. They think, and then you think about the weapons of mass destruction hosts. It was all bullshit and Right. It was paraded in the media. So it's like that, it's like our overreaction was so horrific then everybody hated America. I agree with that. I do think what Hamas did was so horrific and they said they're gonna keep doing it. It did plant these seeds of hate in Israelis that No doubt, even I, I'm in the position where like, obviously this war is terrible and I don't think, but shouldn have happened. But I also think it's a lot to ask people to have something so horrific happen and not them kind of retaliate though I against it.

(2h 3m 26s):
If that makes sense. I know what you're saying. That people would retaliate. It's the way they're retaliating of and the scale. This of course this, which is horrific to people. But I also, yeah. I mean I think there's dehumanization on both sides For sure. and I think, well, the only way you can do October 7th is dehumanization. Of Course. and I do think people on both sides have tried to demean the other or trivialize the other person's accountability. you Know? I know. It's, it's crazy. The the And also people pretending as if they know what actually happened and what the stats are. Yeah. They didn't do that. They didn't do this. Are are you on the ground? That's De human to, to me saying like, there's no rape then is like dehumanization. It's just all of It is crazy. Like you don't fucking know what's actually going on.

(2h 4m 6s):
And there's a lot of misinformation that's even printed in mainstream media like the, the bombing of the hospital. There's A lot of shit that happens. That was front page of the New York Times. Yeah. There's a lot of shit that happens in the Foggo war that they, people wanna know the answer right away. And you, I know it's upset hard, but you have to wait sometimes. Like the foggo war, you're not gonna always have the answer right away. I mean, I'm not saying Israel isn't culpable of a lot of things, but you do have to wait. I see people sharing information that's not verified all the time. Right. That just came out where you're like, you don't Well that's the hospital bombing. Yeah, exactly. That's exactly what that is. I mean, that made it all the way into newspapers. Exactly. I mean, I think like Netanyahu created a coalition with some really awful people like Smoke Trick and Banga Vir.

(2h 4m 46s):
There are like really Jewish supremacists, real thugs and, and I think a lot of anti-Zionists have tried to convince everyone that all of Israel is like that. Mm. and I just think, yeah, both there needs to be less dehumanization and just seeing like, yeah, suffering in God's is horrible. It needs to stop. But also like not every Israeli is part of some evil Zionist, whatever conspiracy that's its own inverted form of antisemitism. Well, Netanyahu is this super pro military guy. I mean, he was a a, a special forces guy. Yeah. And he's corrupt and he has charges against him that he is trying to like weaken the government to prevent from coming through.

(2h 5m 27s):
And he made a coalition with two people who are truly awful, awful people. And that, and that is really almost these people want a theocracy in Israel. You know they want, but that's not all of Israel. And people have protested against that. There is. So that's my fear when I'm up in the middle of the night Yeah. That this kind of shit is going on. That any minute it could pop off and become a nuclear war. I mean, that's a legitimate fear. It's a legitimate Fear. I don't even know if that's anxiety. I Don't. Whatever it is. That's if you ask me if I get anxiety, that's my anxiety. No, I, I can to I totally see that When I get really freaked out. That's what, what freaks me out. What freaks me out is that it could pop off at any minute and then we, and then it all of a sudden it's September 12th You know.

(2h 6m 7s):
Yeah. But way better, way bigger way, way crazier. Way scarier. I know. Way scarier. And that hasn't happened since 1945. So we assume that it's not going to happen again. Yeah. We had 20 good years and now we think everything, we had like some good time in the eighties and now we're like, yeah, it can never go Back. Oh dude, when the wall fell down, it was amazing. There was like a weight lifted off of America. Like, everybody's like, oh, Soviet union's gone. we don't have to worry about a nuclear war with Russia anymore and now it's China and Iran and fucking know this and that. And oh my God, it, it, It is like most periods of history, people had kind of a shitty life in a volatile period of history.

(2h 6m 47s):
We really like up to like, I guess after Vietnam and maybe to the, you know, now to the last till everything's kind of fallen apart now. Like it was kind of smooth sail I guess for A little bit. But Like as long as you're in America, well Yeah, it's not smooth sail. And people were like n were great Rwanda. It was not Smooth sail. Yeah. It was a lot of places where it sucked bad. Well that's the other thing that Yeah. It's never, it's been shitty for, it's always shitty for someone. That's the thing is we're not used to it used happening right Here. Not used. We're very spoiled. Oh, We're so spoiled. Like the Russians are so much more used to it than us. They lost so many people during World War ii. Oh. yeah. Like 20 million. Well, There was, I was reading this thing about France. This is so crazy that during World War I, France lost 25% of its fighting age men.

(2h 7m 29s):
And then during World War ii, they lost another 25%. It's insane. Like your life. Fuck man. Well, That's the thing. Life was so cheap and now we feel like life is kind of expensive. Now we're like, life has value. You know. Yeah. But it's still so cheap for so many people. You know. Well it is in other parts of the world. That's the thing. Yeah. It's like we're so used to not being attacked that when something like nine 11 does happen, like Pearl Harbor happened was five hours over the ocean. I know. It's the only other time We were attacked. Yeah. You know. We're so soft. We are soft. We're soft as baby Poh. But we're seeing a lot of violence. I mean we, we see every, you see the guy shot Trump, you see his head exploded on the roof. You see everything. What Do you even think that was all about?

(2h 8m 10s):
A guy trying to shoot Trump Was just, just a guy trying to, you don't think he had some help? No. No. I don't think so. Do you think Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone? Yeah. I'm not good with, I'm not a big So the Bill Hicks joke, you don't buy into it. I love the joke. You love the joke. But I'm not a big, I'm not a big concern. Have you ever read into that one? I read a little. Yeah, you Need to read more. That's one you really shouldn't be flipping about. They killed that fucking guy. But Here's the thing with Trump though. Like why, why would he need, so he got you thought like Biden's trying to take him out. I don't think it was Biden. I think it could be a number of people that were involved, but it seems at the very least, like they were so lax in security that they were inviting something to happen at the very least.

(2h 8m 57s):
And knowing that that guy was walking around more than 30 minutes before with a range finder. Right. Seeing that guy, he had come back and forth. He observed him multiple times. People were talking about him. They were keeping an eye on him. And this guy gets on the roof with a rifle and gets off three shots. Well my thing with a lot of conspiracy theories is it just kind of ignores the incompetence. I feel like incompetence is a real Thing. Incompetence is a real theory. You know. You know what? It's a real thing. Conspiracies. Those are real too. Yeah. Some of them are real. The problem with dismissing conspiracies as being just a silly conspiracy theories, that was the whole goal of the Warren Commission report. And that was what? That was when, right. The term conspiracy theory got into the zeitgeist. Well, I don't dismiss as a pejorative.

(2h 9m 37s):
I don't dismiss and I. I didn't mean to offend. No, you Didn't offend. No, no, I don't dismiss. I, there's huge amount of corruption and horrible things. I just think a lot of times incompetence does, does play a big part. and I do think, like there is incompetence and there's like randomness a lot. And Some dude had a really good joke about it. Yeah. That he put up on Instagram. It was very funny. Lemme see if I can find it. Maybe you could find it. Jamie. He said that it was basically like if I thought they were going to try to, an assassination attempt that seems exactly like how the government would do it. Like really inefficient. Really. Shit. It was like the, he said it was like the DMV of assassination attempts. Oh, find this dude who sent that to me.

(2h 10m 19s):
God damn. But like, But it's also, I mean, I guess for me it's like you also have to like, You find it. I I know I I saw it recently too. I know what you're talking about. Fuck. Somebody sends it to me. I get too many texts. Anything can be real. But I also think the, the idea that he was a lone shooter is not, that world is not a crazy world. The idea that we're in a violent place. No, I'm not saying Everyone has guns? No, not saying that he wasn't a lone shooter. Yeah. I think he was a lone shooter. Maybe There was other people shooting on him. I think he was trained and I think somebody got him detonators. He had, he had sophisticated detonators and, and explosive devices. That's, That's why you're like lone shooter portrayed by the military. I think someone talked that guy into doing that. I think, I don't think someone talked that guy into doing it.

(2h 11m 0s):
I think it's possible that someone talked that guy into doing that. Yeah. I mean, anything's possible. I'm not, I'm not like dismissing that. I just think like, he's like a school shooter who got political You. know what I mean? They took his body away and cremated it 10 days after the assassination. No toxicology report. No public. There's been no press conference about it. No. Telling all the details. Here's what we know. They went to the kid's house. It was professionally scrubbed, didn't have silverware in it. Right. I don't Know. There's a phone that was going back and forth because You know they have ad data. They can track cell phone when they ping. There's a phone going back and forth between the offices of the FBI and Washington DC and this kid's house on multiple occasions. Well, yeah. I don't, I don't know about that, but I, I Don't dunno.

(2h 11m 41s):
That's, that's where things get weird, right? You'd hate me with my views. I don't, no, no, no. I don't, Don't Think, I wouldn't think Epstein, I would not hate you with your views. I'm like the opposite of a conspiracy Theorist. That's interesting. So you think Epstein killed himself? I'm not saying he definitely killed himself, but I also think it is believable that he is a little depressed at that point. Certainly You know what I mean? That's what I think. I think like the poss I think the, the possibility of it not being a conspiracy is an, is sometimes very like plausible. Sure. To the point where I don't need, if you need to go to a conspiracy, like sometimes maybe he got killed, but Epstein was also not in a great place at that point. True You. know what I mean? So I I could see that both ways. But then you have to look at the autopsy.

(2h 12m 22s):
Yeah. Yeah. And you have to look at the ligature marks around the base of his neck, which is not really what happens when you hang yourself. When you hang yourself, you, you, your weight of your body is what kills you. Yeah. And so the ligature marks, the strangulation marks are underneath the chin. His was down by his neck and his neck was actually fractured, which is also indicative of someone getting strangled to death. Dr. Michael Badden, who's that forensic scientist that did that show? Autopsy, remember that show? Yeah. On HBO he examined the, the autopsy examined what, what the results were. And he found that the fractures in the neck were indicative of someone being strangled to death. But wasn't It another coroner who said it was like suicide? Sure.

(2h 13m 2s):
I It was just multiple first corner. Yeah. Yeah. First guy said suicide. Well, why Can't, why can't we believe that guy? Well, it seems very convenient that the cameras went out. Yeah. It seems very convenient that the people that were on security were sleep seems very convenient. All of it seems convenient. Yeah. No, I'm not saying he didn't get killed. Seems Just convenient. The most high profile defense witness in a, a very important case that might've been about elites and child pedophilia would probably wanna take that guy out. But Also a narcissist who's gonna be about to be the most, who's the most hated person in the world could also, I could see him killing himself. Sure. I'm just saying could, I'm not saying he didn't kill, he could have killed himself.

(2h 13m 42s):
I mean, he Could have been killed. So how long have you been working for the government? You know, I don't hate you. I don't, I'm not a big Yeah. I, I think Oswald acted alone. I don't know. I'm, I'm a believer in incompetence in that everyone is, most people are bad at their job. Did You ever watch the Zapruder film? Yeah. Yeah. The film of Kennedy's head going back into the left. Of course. How do you think that happens when you get shot from behind Back? Wait, what do you mean? His head goes back into the left? Like he got shot from the front. I don't know. I don't, I don't, You never seen That was a hicks there. I seen, I've Seen, yeah. Back and to the left. But I, I also think they've tried so long to find the conspiracy for that and they, and they, it always kind of gun to a dead end. I don't know. I, I think what Oswald did was, I like the way you think, you know, you don't wanna think about it this way.

(2h 14m 27s):
I like it. I like what you're saying. Well, to Me, I think a lot of conspiracy theorists think like the other person, like I'm naive. Right. But I think it's the opposite. I think like, it sometimes can be naive to think somewhat. There's, there's someone masterminding everything You know what I mean? Right. Like to me, I think like, and I, I don't know all the evidence. I'm sure there's all these reports and stuff, but like to me, I think like sometimes crazy shit happens. And when you look at it backwards, it doesn't Yeah. It's crazy that he shot someone from that far and it worked You know what I mean? That's True. But it's also crazy shit happens. And we also have never seen, a lot of times stuff happens where we've never seen that. Like nine 11, we never had two planes hit a building. But you immediately had people being like, buildings don't fall like that.

(2h 15m 8s):
It's like, this is the first time it's Happened. That's true. So It's like, yeah, we don't always know. Like it's a lot of times something happening that's crazy, but also like never happened before that people are like, that's not how it happens. But it's like, how do You know That's true time. Like planes flying into the buildings, especially buildings that are that tall and I. That's All true. and I and I do think You know. I've read You know it was nine 11. There was so much incompetence as a government there lack of communication between the f fbi, I and the CI You know You know and I. I, I'm a firm. I'm not saying some conspiracies aren't true. I definitely, and there's a lot of corruption, but I'm just a firm believer in incompetence. Incompetence is real, but conspiracies are too. Some Conspiracies are real. Yeah. The Lee Harvey Oswald one, when you look into it, it's, it's pretty nutty. Yeah.

(2h 15m 48s):
It's pretty nutty. You know, a lot of people heard shots from the grassy knoll. The amount of people that were eyewitnesses that died in mysterious ways. Right. Is extraordinary. Like off the charts odds like that don't make any sense. But I also do think sometimes the brain like finds patterns that aren't always You Know. Sure. And also people kill people. That happens too. Yeah. Both, both. The thing about the, the Oswald thing is there's also a lot of evidence that points to the fact that they were trying to come to the conclusion that There was a lone gunman despite the evidence. Mm. And one of those is the magic bullet theory. The magic bullet theory is fucking cuckoo for coco buffs. That that shit would never fly today. What is it? The bullet went through and Then came back around. It went through Kennedy and then into Connolly. And then they found it in pristine condition on the gurney.

(2h 16m 28s):
And then they attributed that bullet to all these wounds. 'cause they had to, because There was only three shots supposedly. And in those three shots that Oswald was able to get off, they knew one of 'em hit the back and they knew one of them was hit Connolly and one of them blew up his head. Well, they had all different bullets for these things, for these different injuries. But then a guy got hit with a ricochet and the underpass. So they had to account for one of those bullets, missing the target and hitting the, the, the whatever it is, granite curb stone and banging into this guy's face. And the guy had to go to the hospital. They found the curb stone that had been hit with a bullet. And so they knew that a ricochet had hit there. So now they had two bullets that had to have all these wounds. And so instead of saying, Hey, maybe there's more than one person shooting, maybe there's more than this one guy that was in the book depository.

(2h 17m 16s):
All these people said There was shots coming from the grassy knoll. Maybe they were telling the truth. Right. Instead of that they said, no, no, no, no, no. One bullet went crazy and went, oh, and look, we found it. Here's the bullet. Right, right. All good. And look at the bullet. Alright. I'll give you odds wrong that bullet, if You give me the bullet look, that bullet shooter bullet, that bullet supposedly went through two people and they found it in that condition in a gurney. If you've ever shot anything with a bullet, You know that's straight horse shit. That's not deformed at all. That's shattered bones. That's nonsense. But what Is the answer? and I feel like there's so many answers about what happened. Right. There's not, Well, if you read the Warren Commission report and fucking nobody has that. That's also there's different, like see the hole in his neck. It's supposed to have gone through his back through his neck.

(2h 17m 56s):
But in the first autopsy report, that hole in the neck was thought of as an entrance wound. Mm. And then in, when it got to Bethesda, Maryland, then they said it was tracheotomy hold. There's like a lot of inconsistencies in the Warren Commission report. And if you, if you wanna go crazy, read a book called Best Evidence by David Lifton, who was an accountant who went over, okay, I'll figure out who read the entire Warren Commission, went over it and found all these inconsistencies and said they were just trying to come to this one conclusion and he didn't buy it. But I'll, I'll check it out. But also like, there can be in inconsistencies are also part of incompetence or not communicating as well, can't it? Inconsistencies. Yeah. But these seem like, I mean like people Having different reports that don't, or even him trying to force something like, I mean like, I just think sometimes like the thing has to be like nothing's perfect and there is like a lot of, like, I also don't, Lee Harvey Oswald acted, I think Lee Harvey Oswald was a part of it.

(2h 18m 47s):
Yeah. I don't think he acted a, I don't think he acted alone Though. You think he was just like The CAI think he was the guy that they were pinning it on. Well, he was definitely active with the ccia. A he had, he'd gone over to Russia, he'd married a Russian woman, came back to America. He was doing a lot of weird communist shit. He was involved in a lot of weird stuff that seemed to indicate that he was some sort of intelligence agent. Yeah. Yeah. I not, yeah. Or at least a Patsy, a guy that could pin this on, which is probably what they want to do. I'm not, Yeah. I'm not denying it that it could happen. I guess that it's a possibility. I guess for me it's just like, usually when there is something at conspiracy, it it, it does get found out. Yeah. But this is, there's concrete evidence, You know, they, There was no internet back then. That's true. And they didn't even see the Zapruder film until 12 years later. The Zapruder film. Nobody even saw it until it was on the Geraldo Rivera show in 1975.

(2h 19m 30s):
And Dick Gregory brought it on. So You know what I read in the seamer ca What is, what's his name? He did a book about Camelot that apparently Kennedy was fucking someone at the pool and pulled his groin. Have you read this Two days beforehand? And he had like a back brace on Hmm. And when he got shot, because he got shot twice, right? He got shot. Well, yeah. At least twice. It was, they think three times. They think that's one through the back, one through the neck and one in the head. But I heard they said like, because of the back brace when he got shot the first time, it didn't push him over. So it's kinda like a sitting duck. Mm. Have you heard that? No. Read That, that it kind of makes sense. So like the Back brace almost kept him up with the shot. Well he had, he was all fucked up. He had a lot of like real physical problems. He was in constant pain. And he was also a guy that was getting treatment from Dr.

(2h 20m 12s):
Feelgood. Oh, was That, yeah. That's where Dr. Feelgood came From. My, my psychiatrist. Yeah. Real similar. Like this one doctor and I think a lot of that was meth as well. It was a habit of wearing a, a tightly laced back brace that may have kept him from recoiling to the floor of his car after the assassin's first bullet to the neck, setting him up for the kill shot. The brace was from. So this is, there you go. There you go. Yeah. This is not the back shot either. There was a shot in the neck. The, again, the fir initial autopsy said was an entrance wound. Yeah, that makes sense. Tightly laced Could have been that. Yeah. Makes sense that it kept him stiff. He was all fucked up though. He had like, yeah. See portrait of pain. See, he had like some real serious problems, numerous back surgeries.

(2h 20m 57s):
They, he, so they hid, they, it's hard to hide news photos of him walking on crutches before and after one of his numerous back surgery. It wasn't until 2002 when historian Robert Dallek was allowed access to a collection of documents spanning 1955 to 1963 and 1963. The specifics began of emerge Peyton, his co-author, neurosurgeon, just Dr. Justin Dowdy, poured over d subsequent book, numerous other biographies and scores of documents and X-rays at the JFK library in Boston to prepare their paper. So I was taken aback by the depths of Kennedy's pain. He said how long he dealt with the pain, despite his short life, how it affected his life. I was able conceal most of that from the public and certainly from his political adversaries.

(2h 21m 37s):
So I wonder what he, what back surgeries were they doing in 1963? Good lord. It's gotta be brutal Oh. yeah. Had scarlet fever at age two. Spent his teenage years in and out of hospitals with abdominal and joint pain, food-like symptoms and extreme weight loss. Age 15, weighed a mere 117 pounds by the next year worried he might have leukemia doctors began regularly checking his blood. So he was all fucked up, man. So he was a sick dude. But so like sometimes I think there's like Colitis, Different explanations that like, aren't that sexy? Like, like Here's not sexy. Look at this. Yesterday I went through the most harassing experience in my life. An iron tube 12 inches long and one inch diameter up my ass.

(2h 22m 19s):
Oh Jesus. My poor bedraggled rectum. Rectum. Oh my God is looking at me very reproachfully these days. Oh my God. He was great with words, Bro. He was fucked up. He Could have been a comic. Jesus Christ. So he got a football game and got tackled from the side, possibly damaging his spinal disc. Began regularly using a corset brace to stabilize his spine and control his discomfort. So yeah, he was all fucked up. But It's like, there's things like when things don't make sense, there are sometimes an explanation that's like kind of like almost boring or random. It's like the thing with the pudder, I think it's his Pru, the person puts the umbrella up. That's pudder. There's a guy who has an umbrella up and it's not raining.

(2h 23m 0s):
And for years they thought he might've been involved like signaling and they finally find the guy, they bring him in front of everyone and he's like, I'm British. And in England it's a real, fuck you. When You like raise your umbrella when a car, like a car's driving by. Oh. And he hated Kennedy. So he was just doing a fuck you. But then for years, people were like, oh, that one's part of the signal. I just think, I mean, I'm not saying some conspiracy aren't true, I just think there's sometimes other reasons that get that get lost. Like Yeah, for Sure. You know. Certainly people look for things that aren't there. Right. You know. I've read conspiracies about me and I'm like, this is hilarious. True. Well, You know, it's, they're not true when you read. But it's weird when you read 'em about you and you're like, oh, this is how this works. People just make shit up and they just run with it.

(2h 23m 40s):
What's the One about you? Oh, just nonsense being handled by the CIA being a part of the Illuminati. All kinds of stupid shit. Throwing people off your trail by being into conspiracy theories so people don't realize you're part of the ccia. Well they just want think you're controlled. Yeah. They they want us to think that it's certain point someone comes to you and you get controlled, but that's not real. No. In terms of the reality is no one's in control. That's, That's the, To me, that's the dark reality. Also, the reality. MK Ultra was real and they really were trying to teach people how to kill people. And they, they did it with Charlie Manson. No. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I mean there's definitely real horrible fucked up shit. I'm not saying that, I'm not saying there's not fucked up horrible shit, but I do think no one's really steering the ship.

(2h 24m 20s):
And that's like the really scary thing. Right. You know. I think the, our idea is that this, there's this one group of people that all agree with each other. That's, I don't think that's real. Yes, exactly. The collective, There's competing factions even at the top levels. I think they're always battling with each other. Yes. You look, the people in the Navy sometimes don't like the people in the army You know what I mean? Exactly. Like this is the CIA and the fbi, The not communicate with FBI in Nine 11. Yeah. That's 100% real. And That's why when people look at all of Israel, it is not to bring it back to them. Right. Like at j as like a Zionist conspiracy, you're now doing that. You're believing in this collective thing when really there's so many different types of Israelis. There's extremists, there's racist, and there's, there's peaceniks. There's people who believe in peace and it's like Exactly.

(2h 25m 1s):
You, I think you always have to be wary of like thinking everything's monolithic. You know. Absolutely. and I feel like that about the intelligence agencies as well. I feel like, yeah. You want the ccia you want someone who's paying attention to terrorist plots. Of course. Yeah. You want, you want them, you want the FBI to be able to investigate when someone's done something horrible. Yeah, of course. Of course. You want those things. You just don't want them outta control. And the problem is absolute power corrupts. Absolutely. Definitely. Definitely. And when some people get into certain positions of power, they use whatever means necessary to maintain it. Definitely. I mean the, the Nazis have the ultimate conspiracy. When they invaded Poland, they like killed a bunch of their own like prisoner wars and had them dressed as Polish like soldiers and like concocted a whole fake attack by Poland.

(2h 25m 42s):
Of course. I mean it's the ultimate conspiracy. Hitler burned the Retag You know. We actually never know Who did it. No. Well Some people actually do think it was the Marxist, but we don't actually know for sure. Yeah. I Thought it was just generally assumed that it was Hitler. I think there's still some mystery. I think some people, There was one guy who they say might have lit the fire, I forget what his name, I read this in a book, but like Hitler definitely jumped on it Right immediately. Well, it was a time old tactic. Yeah. I mean, Nero burned Rome. You know. I don't, he might've, but I, I think there's still some mystery about what, 'cause some people think it might have been someone else, but then he just kind of jumped on it. You Mean Hitler or Nero? Hitler. Nero You know what El Nero did when his wife died. He found some slave boy that looked like his wife and had her castrated and paraded her around as his wife.

(2h 26m 27s):
Did he fuck The kid? I don't know what he did. Probably did. I mean, imagine he decided you're gonna be my wife now I'm gonna chop your dick off and bring you out in public. Whoa. Yeah. Back then he was probably, and the kid probably Excited, I believe kid killed himself. Oh really? A couple years later. Yeah. See if you can find that story. It is a crazy story. That's insane. He found some slave boy that looked like his wife. And so You know back then you're looking at him at the fucking on the balcony. You're one of the peasants in the You know what he knew. Yeah. He was just like, wasn't his wife anymore? Like he didn't want anybody to know His wife died. So he decided to make this fucking this slave boy look. His wife. Did You find a woman who looked like his wife? I don't know. He was out of his Fucking Did ask that kid if he had a sister.

(2h 27m 6s):
Look, This is Nero dude. He's Caligula. This dude was out his fucking mind. I actually don't Know much about Nero. Spora was a young slave boy whom the Roman emperor Nero had castrated and married as his empress. Oh my God. Under his tour of Greece in 66 to 67 ce allegedly, in order to, for him to play the role of his wife, papaya Abena who had died the previous year, ancient historians generally portray this relationship between Nero and Spora as an abomination. How do you say that name? Ston. Cton places his account in the neuro neuro SSPORs relationship in his scandalous accounts of neuro sexual aberrations between his raping a Vestal virgin and committing incest with his mother.

(2h 27m 51s):
Something Nero used his marriage to spo us to assuage the guilty fed he felt for allegedly kicking his pregnant wife Pompeo to death. At least. He hopefully he was really, really sorry. Jesus Christ. Dio Casios in a more detailed account rights, it spores born uncanny resemblance to Pia and that Nero called Spora by her name. Oh my God. That's insane. Oh my God. Wow. You shouldn make a movie about that kid. Oh, look at this. Scholars have deduced, his spora was likely an epithet given to him when his abuse started considering it to be derived from the Greek word spora, meaning seed or semen, which may refer to his inability to have children following his castration.

(2h 28m 36s):
What the fuck dude? Oh my God. How crazy is it? How crazy was that guy? They should make a Movie about that kid. That'd be a good movie. Right? From the kid's perspective, first he finds You do like dark things. That'd Be a good movie. That's the Darkest man First he has to accept that he may have some girly features and he has to. Bro Could make it a rom-com. But It's just like, what was society like back then? Because they all had sex with kids. They Fucked a lot of kids, fucked A lot of kids. It was normal for like an intellectual to have a young boy that he would fuck. I Think it was gay to fuck your wife. I think people would be like, I'm going beholding to my wife.

(2h 29m 18s):
They're like, what are you gay? Go fuck a little boy like us. It was like, it was like a gay thing to fuck your wife. Yeah. It was in fucking kids was like fashion. Well, And also how about the Spartans, the, the greatest Warriors ever? They all fucked each other. Yeah, They were, it's Greeks were like very tough and very not homophobic. They didn't, they didn't care who they fucked. They were just fucking anybody. But That, that was a part of masculinity. Like fucking a guy was masculine. Yeah. Like you're like, I'm tough. I Fight Hide. Did that Flip I fuck Guy. I Know. Imagine if that kept going and guys were just fucking guys today. Well, in the Nazis, what was the guy who was gay? Eric? I mean, what was his name? Ro general er or whatever his name was The one part of the original essay that they killed in the night of the long knives.

(2h 30m 1s):
Oh Really? He was gay and he was the toughest as they came. And There was a bunch of gay people in his, his division. Yeah. Well that's the, the idea of the Spartans was that you would fight for your lover much harder than you'd fight for a friend. Mm. So like this man. Oh really? Yeah. This man beside you. Not only is he your You know com he's, he's with you in this war. He's a fellow soldier, but he's also your lover. So are you saying, I was thinking they wanted to fuck each other. Is it more like the general was like, I need you all to fuck each other? I think they wanted to fuck each other too. They wanted to fuck each other too. I think they just got used to fucking guys. I think it's probably one of those like, guys are so gross. Let's, that's the thing about prison, right? There's no women around.

(2h 30m 41s):
We just fuck each other. Fuck yeah. Fuck. I'm reading further into the porous thing. It gets a little weirder, I guess. Yeah. I mean he, he was already married to someone else after his wife died. Oh, Lina, miss Selena. And then later married SSPORs that year Us said to bear remarkable resemblance to Pompeo. But then He took SSPORs to Greece and then back to Rome making caa ca Caia serve as his mistress of wardrobe to spor porus Nero. Then Nero had earlier married another Freedman Pythagoras who had played the role of Nero's husband. Now Spora played the role of Niro's wife.

(2h 31m 22s):
What? Yeah. I mean he was just Wild. Niro died before SSPORs died too. Oh my God. He was just wild. And Then Spor went to somebody else As, as the wife still 'cause it. And PEO was married to this person before Nero got her and Niro made them get divorced, took Papa. Wow. Apparently killed her. And then SSPORs went back to this guy. Whoa. NIUs. Binus. Oh my God. Nifo who had persuaded the pretorian guard to desert Nero Nphi treated SSPORs as a wife and called him Pompeo. So called him Nero's ex-wife who Nero kicked to death. Who he used to be married to.

(2h 32m 4s):
What the fuck? Imagine that poor kid. He just blessed with good genetics. You got a pretty face. I know you got a pretty face by this king. Cut your dick off and just fuck you. And they pass you around. Talk like my wife. I'm gonna change your name again, kid. This Is why he killed himself is because someone else who beat that guy was gonna use Spor as a victim in public entertainment as a redact. They're gonna redact it after all that shit Of a rape of the, of a someone in the underworld is what that is. The rape of prosperity. Prospera. The rape of Prospera at a gladiator show instead of going that. Oh my God. So he avoided this public humiliation by committing suicide. So they were gonna violently rape him and kill him in front of, in a gladiator show.

(2h 32m 48s):
So he Finally gets free of the shit. And then they're like, we want you to reenact it now We're gonna, we're gonna make you die in a gladiator Show. I guess that's not the first time they did that. He probably knew what was coming. So he is probably like, fuck that. I'm not Going through that. Right. He probably saw so many people get fucked up in gladiator Shows. Why did they feel the need to publicly humiliate him? Haven't he been through that? Why kick Him man, while he is down? I guess it's Just like he's getting a little cocky. Let's Oh, oh. Life back then. I mean, this is the thing. It's like they thought they were pretty progressive when they were just spanking women. Yeah. In those stupid movies. Well, you Don't know. Yeah, you don't know it. Gimme gimme a little hammer a spanker in the ass. Oh, here you go.

(2h 33m 28s):
It was normal. Yeah. No. At Least he didn't cut her dick off. Well You Know we are, we, we do move at our own pace and it's like people act like people suck now. Like we're awful. But like we are, we are getting better. We are way better than those days. We are getting better. Way better than the ni if you just read that account. Yeah. And imagine if Biden we're did that. Imagine if Biden did that. Imagine Biden's wife died. So he found some fucking page that looked like his wife and had him cut his dick off and brought him to Greece as his wife. He'd be like, this guy's a maniac. Right. These guys out of his fucking mind We're freaked out when he sniffs hair. Yeah. Or like he getting two cliffs to that hair. Look how he's smelling those kids.

(2h 34m 8s):
He fucking Oh. yeah. Imagine. Oh, That was insane. it was I mean. It was good to be a king back then. you know, you really could do whatever you wanted. It didn't last long. Eventually came for you. He got what happened to him. He got executed or poison. What happened to Nero? How did he die? Now I'm looking into this a little more. It says this like, because of how crazy it's sounding, I'm starting to go like maybe it's whoever killed him is just like, You know we're gonna, we're gonna smear him and we're gonna make up all this shit about him. That's not maybe accurate, but who's gonna fucking defend. Right. But the, that's like in historical record, the store. That's it. Took Spor and did that To him. I found a New Yorker article from 2021 that says like, how nasty was he really? Isn't that notorious? How nasty was Nero? Really? Yeah, it might, oh he got neuro apologies.

(2h 34m 49s):
They gotta be writing out about Hitler someday. it might have been a smear. It was just the oxycodone. It wasn't Hitler. Yeah, sorry. He was on really good pot. Really poaching pot. It made him fuck his wife. He got some, she was 29% THC. The Weed was strong and he only had taken weed a couple times. Yeah. You can't fault him for killing all the Jews. He really did think they were evil boy. He was tripping balls. Sorry. That's a crazy face to be like kill 6 million Jews. Well, I was on painkillers Oxy. I was on oxys guys. I was on a lot of painkillers And a bad doctor. What Jamie were you saying? Saying He, after he had sex with his mom, he killed her too. They didn't mention that in the first Thing. Oh, whoops. Thing we read. Yeah. Bad guy. I'd say bad guy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I said pretty safe to say that's not a conspiracy.

(2h 35m 31s):
I'm not into the, I'm not gonna try to You can't conspiracy. Here you go. Conspiracy competence for that one. I think that guy was probably a really bad guy. No, That was a bad guy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, he was think when You were the king back then, you could do whatever the fuck you wanted. Which is part of the problem. Yeah. That's the other thing's. So much power over People. I think anyone put in that position was just do whatever the fuck they Wanted. You know. You know the Elizabeth Bathie story. No. Elizabeth, this, so this is a very controversial story I know about Hitler. I don't know about it. This lady apparent. So this, this is the folklore. There's two different versions of this. So the folk, the story that gets handed down was this woman was so evil that she was a serial killer and she was beautiful when she was young. And as she got older she would slaughter young maids and put them in a bathtub and, and and bathe in their blood to try to rejuvenate.

(2h 36m 16s):
Oh, I remember this. Yes. Yeah. I mean reading this. But then the revisionist approach to it was that they accused her of all these things so that they could take her land and they imprisoned her 'cause she was a royal. So they imprisoned her and under house arrest, they locked her up in a castle. You know they locked her up in a room in the castle for the rest of her life until she died. And they think that this could possibly could be false accusations against her that were so horrific that no one would question them so that they could take her land. Oh, So she didn't do it or I don't Know. We don't know. we don't know. I mean the stories, I mean if they did smear her with this fake thing, You know. It's, it's a crazy accusation too. You Want it to be true though, don't you? Of course You wanna think there's some lady that is so vain and evil that she slaughters all the beautiful young ladies.

(2h 37m 1s):
Yeah. And that they, these women started going missing and they said, see if you can find that story. It's kind of crazy. I used to be super into serial killers, like before it was cool. Oh, back In the Year. When did you start? Who got you first? Well, first of all, I was really into Kemper. The guy in the Mindhunter series. Oh, I was a dim before. Now he's like, everyone knows it. But I'm a little disappointed. I was into him. He's mainstream now. He's sold out. He was Back when I was into it. I was creeping people out. It was cool. It was old school days. My favorite story is Ed Geen. Mm. There was story that someone came to like to his house once to like get borrow sugar or some shit. And he came inside and There was a skull that ed gain of someone who had killed like on a shelf.

(2h 37m 41s):
And the guy's like, what the fuck is that? And Ed gain You know is like fifties, right? Ed gain just kind of like freaks out and just lies. He just goes, oh that's a Japanese guy killed. And the war brought him back. And the guy's, the other guy's like, huh. Thank God for a second. I thought it was something creepy. Jesus Christ. Isn't that crazy? That is crazy. Imagine you could take a Japanese guy's head home with you And everyone's just like, and I was like, Yeah, it's fine. As long as a Japanese guy. Case of Elizabeth Bathy inspired numerous stories during the 18th and 19th century is most common motif of these works that the countless bathing in her victim's, virgin victim's blood to retain beauty or youth. The legend appeared in print for the first time in 1729 and the Jesuit scholar who laslow tur roi, maybe tragic a historia.

(2h 38m 26s):
It was written, the first account of the ery case story came into question 1817 when the witness accounts which had re had surfaced in 1765 were published for the first time. They included no references to blood baths in his book Hungary and Transylvania published in 1850. John PGE describes the supposed origins of batteries, blood bathing, although his tail seems to be fictionalized recitation of oral history from the area, it's difficult to know how accurate his account of events is. Sadistic pleasures is considered a far more plausible motive for RYS crimes. Oh, so she they they're saying that she did do it. Rys been labeled by Guinness Book of World Records, the most prolific female murderer.

(2h 39m 10s):
Although fair, the number of her victims is debated. So this Wikipedia though. Yeah, I think I found, think There was another article that Elizabeth Bathie was like, go Google. Elizabeth Bathie was innocent. I Found this, but this didn't have a link. It's just someone talking about it on Reddit, which says Was never a serial killer. The myth and stories about her were made up by the Hungarian nobleman who first falsely accused her, then prosecuted her based on false evidence. That was mostly hearsay. Later they got her servants to make proof against her by forcing them to say they saw the killings of young girls while they tortured them. This was because the wild dislike she got in those circles because of how well she treated her.

(2h 39m 53s):
What is that Joe Baggy? I don't know how to translate. Basically farmers who worked for her on the land for house and a portion of what they made making a bad example. And she was simply kind to commoners something. Nobleman, just loath. It's also helped them. She was actually just like a Good person. After she got locked up, they seized her estate. So she was actually just like a nice person. Yeah, that seems a little fishy too. It's Disappointing though. you know Who fucking knows? you know, it's too many years ago for Really, we don't even know what happened with 1963 with the Kennedy assassination. Right. You know. I took a, I take a bath every day. Not, not a blood bath, but I love baths. Baths are nice. I Love them. Yeah. They, it's like my way, place away from my phone and stuff.

(2h 40m 33s):
I Really, yeah. if you could live a hundred years ago, a fucking hot shower is a miracle. Oh. yeah. A hot shower is a wonderful pleasure, Oh. yeah. And we just completely take for granted Oh. yeah. Just sit in that shower like, ah, soap and lather up. Wash your feet and wash your face. And ah, you're underarms. Ah, right. Bathe in this preheated warm water. It's wonderful. We do cold plunges for fun. That's like all people had back then. That's it. I love the cold Pl. Yeah. if you wanted to wash your dirty ass, you had to get in that fucking lake. Well, hey dude, it's been really fun talking to you, man. It was a really good time. Thanks. Thanks for doing this. That's such a blast. I really enjoyed it. Can I plug a couple things? Yeah. Plug away. Plug away. What do you got?

(2h 41m 13s):
But this was awesome by the way. Thank you. I hope you, I I hope You had fun. I did. I had a great time. I enjoyed it very much. Well definitely check out. My special brave came out like not too long ago on YouTube called Brave also. I just made a movie. Oh. yeah. There it is. Dun. The The comedy seller. Nice place to film Special. Jason and James. We Web Filled it. Great. Directors Beautiful. And I also just made a movie. I have the, we just kind of made the trailer. It's about a serial killer called Memory Room. You do like it dark, huh? I like it. Dark and Memory Room. Yeah. It's a movie I made with my brilliant co-director, Dan McCabe. Is it a comedy? No, it's about a caretaker.

(2h 41m 53s):
It's like a 25 minute thriller about a caretaker who was taking care of a guy with dementia. And one day they're listening to like music and he seems to really like the song. And she's like, oh, do you remember that song? And he's like, that song was playing the night. I strangled Rosie. He kind of just says it outta nowhere. Oh gee. And she starts like investigating whether he actually killed someone or not. And yeah, we just filmed it. Are you the serial killer? No, I, we got a great actor, Hal Robinson. And did you Think about playing it? You did. Well I, that's why you're laughing. I tell You at one point he was talking about killing someone in it and he was like, he looked a little too upset and I was like, you gotta look like, it's like not a big deal. Like I was giving him my serial killer wisdom. Like, you should be talking about this. Like, it's nothing You know. Right. But he was great.

(2h 42m 34s):
And you can learn about it or where, Where's someone watch it. You Can watch a trailer now@memoryroommovie.com. We just kind of put it together. And there's also like, if you went 13,000 over budget. So if anyone wants to be an investor, go to memory room movie.com. And when will it be available for people to watch? Well, we're gonna, we're gonna, we're finish editing and then send it to all these film festivals and try to get in. Yeah. I made a movie with Joe List earlier this year and I'm, I'm trying to start making more movies. I've movies Oh, nice. My whole life. And I've written screenplays with my partner Dan McCabe, who's great, great writer. And we just finally started like making this and look, raising money and making it, it's awesome.

(2h 43m 14s):
Cool. All right man. Beautiful. But it, it was so nice talking to you. Nice talking to too, man. It was a lot of fun. Easy. Yeah. Good time. So I enjoyed it. Thank you. Bye everybody.