
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan. Experience Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. What's Up, Luke? How are you? Hey, sir. I'm doing better than I deserve. Yeah, well, that's a good statement. You know there's an old, old military saying any, any day above ground's a good day. There you go. So tell everybody what your official job was. Wow. I had a lot of official jobs with the government in regards to You. know You, know You, know those you be, you know, those things. Sure. One of these things that's a, allegedly, that's a replica of the one that Bob Lazar worked on the sport model.


I I've heard that before. Yeah. Designs by Perry. The, the e with in Perry is a a three and he's a, a dude on Instagram has sent me that. Very cool. Pretty dope, right? Yeah. We have another one that looks just like it. At the mothership at the comedy club. When you walk in, you walk right through like a, a giant suspended UFO. Very cool. So obviously I have issues. Well, You know. You know what? This is a, a neat town. I, I, I was strolling the streets yesterday and I came across the, the Texas Toy Museum. Now, I'm not one for museums usually, but something I saw was all automatically transported me back to when I was a kid. I'm, I'm an old guy, so I grew up seventies and early eighties.


How old are you? 52. I'm 57. You are? Yeah, man. Well, I look 10 years older than you. I got a lot of, lot of long, hard miles on me. Unfortunately. I do too. So, believe it or not, well, you'll have to share with me your secret. 'cause unfortunately, I tell people this is as good as it gets. I'm about as attractive as a cement truck, you know, so, so I, I, after the Army, I went into the federal service and had a lot of jobs, mostly in counterintelligence and which is looking basically what the bad guys know about us from an intelligence perspective. And in 2008, I changed my job. One of my jobs, I was working at the director of National Intelligence, which for most people may or may not know, it's kind of outside of DC And where I lived, I was on the other side of DC living on a little island in the Chesapeake Bay.


And so my, my commute was terrible. I mean, it, it really, it really frankly sucked tough to take a ferry every day. No. But it was about a three hour commute each way. Wow. because you have to go right past Langley. Yeah. It's brutal. Why didn't you move closer? Well, I You know I wanted to, I wanted to give my kids a really good quality of life, and I did not wanna work in the city and then kind of expose 'em to kind of the craziness, if that makes sense. Especially DC DC's crazy, especially with kids, right? Yeah. So anyway, kind of nuts that they don't clean up the capital of the fucking country. It seems like You know brother. It's, it's kind of indicative of the rot, the whole country's involved with it. It's such a disgrace because you bring these foreign in dignitaries and the first thing they see is, is just the, the, the dereliction Yeah. Of it. And it's a, a very poor reflection on really what the American spirit is about.


But You know that's, that's for another conversation, guess. Yeah. It seems like they could fix that. Yeah. Especially in that place. Yeah. One would hope, right? Yeah. Jesus Christ. It's the nation's capital. Yeah. So I was offered a job to go back to the Pentagon in 2008 for a little while, and basically run the, the integration between national level intelligence information and local and state and tribal law enforcement. So after nine 11, the country realized that we had a significant problem getting national level information down to, to the cops on the ground that could actually do something about it. Why? Because he didn't have security clearances, so they couldn't, they weren't allowed to be provided that information.


So one of my jobs was to try to help fix that. And shortly thereafter, I got there in 2008. It was probably early 2009, is when I was approached by two individuals who came to me and they said, look, we'd like to consider you for, for, for a program that we're, we're part of. It's a very nuanced program, very secretive program. Now, when you're into government, you hear that all the time. It's not You know. People look at, they, they say, oh, you have a secret clearance or a top secret clearance. Millions of people have have some sort of security clearance in the government. And a lot, a lot of people have a top secret clearance. So it's really not that uncommon. It's really not that sexy. It just, so You didn't really know what you're getting involved in? I didn't at all. Not at all, in fact.


So, yeah, great question. So, no, I didn't know what I was getting involved in. And after several conversations, it occurred to me that their interest in me was some of my background I had in my early career as a special agent in counterintelligence, I was protecting technologies, critical technologies, critical avionic technologies, for example, and some aerospace technologies. So think of first stage solid rocket motor booster technology, tomahawk cruise missiles, stuff like that. Apache Longbow. So advanced avionics was something I was kind of already formal, kind of familiar with. And at the same time, I had the counterintelligence background. So I was asked to come in and run the counterintelligence and security aspect for a particular program, at which time I had no idea what the program even was.


So what does counterintelligence and security mean? It just simply means making sure that our adversaries like Russia and China can't penetrate our, our organization and steal our secret. That's all that is. It's kind of a fancy word for just saying security, information security and operational security. So I remember I had a, a meeting they brought me to go see their director. And it was in a, i in, I would tell you the location, but I was told by the Pentagon, not to say the specific location of this office, but it was somewhere in the DC area. It was a facility that wasn't known publicly to be a, an intelligence, to have an intelligence office in there. So I can't say that the, the specific location, but I went there and I went up to the, to the top floor.


I think it was the top floor, almost the top floor. and I met for the first time, a gentleman named James Leki, Dr. James Leki PhD. And this guy was the epitome of a rocket scientist. And when I say the epitome, I mean he was probably, and that there's no exaggeration, the number one rocket scientist in the US government. Now, he's a humble guy, so he'll probably tell you he wasn't. But he, he really was. He's an amazing human being and very smart. And after a very brief conversation, he looked at me and he said, I wanna ask you a question, okay, sir. And he said, what do you think about UFOs? I said, well, I answered truthfully, I said, I, I don't.


And he said, well, what do you mean you, you don't believe in them? And I said, no, that that's not what I said. You asked me if I think You know, what do I think about UFOs? And frankly, I don't think about UFOs. I really don't have the luxury to think about 'em. I'm too busy. You know, working intelligence operations and whatnot. And I remember him looking over his glasses and very seriously staring me straight in the eye and says, well, don't let your personal bias get the best of you, because what you may learn may surprise you and may challenge any preconceived notion of what you think something is or is not. And so, let me backtrack for a minute. I've never been a UFO guy. You know people come up like, oh, you're that UFO guy.


I'm really not. I I was never really into science fiction as a kid. I wasn't into the Star Trek or the Star Wars, like, like a lot of people were. So that was not my disposition. You know, I, I grew up, I guess playing GI Joe and stuff like that. So that wasn't, that wasn't my background. And certainly in college, I, I studied microbiology and immunology with a focus on parapsychology, not parapsychology, the study of parasites parasitology. So the scientific method has always been something that has been near and dear to me. And then of course, later on, as a, as a special agent You, know that when you're, when you're conducting investigations, for me, I was always very fact driven, kind of the old gum shoe, if you will, just the facts ma'am, sort of guy.


So I was never really prone to any type of, if you will, affinity towards science fiction or even the UFO topic. I just, I just never really considered it. Hmm. So he says this to you. And then how, so we're talking about like, what, 16 years ago? 15, 16 years Ago? Yeah, I do the math. Right? So it's 2024, 2000, early 2009. So this is the beginning of your journey towards this sort of bizarre subject of whatever these things are. Yeah. So you don't have any real previous interest. He says this to you.


And, and then what's the steps after that? Like how do you get introduced to this idea that these things are alien crafts? Yeah, so great question. So for some people, there's, there's kind of two ways people process this information, at least in my experience. And there may be others. This has just been my, my observation. Some people have this kind of revelatory moment, this epiphany where it's this aha moment where, oh my gosh, this is real. Right? For other people, it's kind of more of a slow, gradual realization. and I think for me, I was probably in the second category more of a slow, gradual realization that this isn't You know a cover for something else. This is really about, oh, UFOs about.


So How do you first get introduced to these things? Well, it, so It wasn, I didn't get intrude to these things. It was, first of all, I was introduced to the reporting, right? Right. So There was these, these official reports that We were getting from the field. There's official videos and and whatnot that describe vehicles, doing things maneuvering in ways that frankly outperform anything we have in our inventory. Now, keep in mind, my background was at some point in aerospace, so I, I knew all the capabilities of an F 16 or for example, a, an F 22 or the F 35. And at the end of the day, as advanced as are, they're, they're still conventional aircraft. You know, they still have the old, there's a, there's a, an adage they use for jet engines.


It, it makes, may seem a little awkward here, but it's suck, squeeze, bang and blow. That's what a jet engine does. Yeah. Forgive me. That's what it does. Right? you know, so it's a convention conventional type engine. Of course you have a propeller two that can, can displace air and whatnot. These vehicles were different. These vehicles, for the most part, didn't have any type of associated characteristic that you or I or any normal person would associate with, with a plane, with an airplane, an aircraft. Right? That, but, and yet it's flying. So how does an airplane work? Well, let's say this cigar, for example, is, is an airplane. And there's four fundamental forces. And so you have thrust, lift, drag, and weight.


And if you understand those, you can create, you can build wings and you create lift and you can fly. And then you have to have an engine for that thrust and whatnot. The things that are, are military pilots who are encountering, didn't have that. They didn't have wings, they didn't have rudders and ailerons and control surfaces. They didn't have cockpits. They, they didn't have engines and no obvious signs of propulsion. They were, they were doing things and maneuvering in ways that frankly defied anything that, that we had in our inventory. And We were pretty certain the enemies didn't have either. Our adversary didn't have these technologies either. And even more perplexing is that they were being encountered over controlled US airspace and over sensitive military installations.


So You know from from that perspective, you've got a real, you've got a real national security concern on your hands. So you said video. What was the, do you remember the first thing that you saw? Boy, there's so many. you know, I think part of the, the challenge is that most people here in this country, they're familiar with the three videos, right? That have been famously released by the Pentagon. The Go fast, go Fast, gimbal, flir. Correct. Right. But those are, those are the least compelling of all the videos that the government has. Those were unclassified. And so those were the ones, those were kind of the low hanging fruit that could be released to the general public. There's stuff out there that's like 4K, ultra high definition.


Right? So when you see something like that from a, a certain military platform or a certain military equity or an intelligence collection platform, you have to look at that and say, well, what, what is that? What the hell is that? And more importantly, that data's being backed up by radar data, right? So you've got, you've got electro optical data, like gun camera footage or potter or flir FLIR video. And then you've got radar data that's, that's, that is actually confirming what the video is picking up. And then you've got eyewitnesses that are also watching it, right? So you've got trained, trained observers, pilots that, that can recognize the silhouette between an SU 22 and a MIG 25 from 20 miles away and make a split second decision.


Is it friend or fo Do I kill it or is it, do I let it live? And they're reporting it. So you have now You know three separate, if you will, collection platforms. The, the human eye being one of them. You've got gun camera footage and you've got radar footage all describing the same event at the same place at the same time, under the same circumstances. Right. And so, keep in mind with my background as a former special agent and counterintelligence, if this was in front of a jury, You know, I, as I've said before, I I think we're well beyond reasonable doubt. That's, that is something there. I mean, that is real. That's not an atmospheric aberration. It's not a, a You know anomaly. That is, that is something there. It's tangible.


So was there an aha moment for You? like the first thing that you saw that you looked at and you go, what the fuck? No, like I said, for me it was more slow and gradual. I didn't, what Was the first thing that you saw that made you realize that there's something going on here that defies conventional wisdom or conventional understanding of propulsion systems? I think for me, one of the most compelling moments was when I attended, boy, lemme go back into memory banks. I attended a dinner with some individuals who were already associated with the, the larger umbrella program called osap. and I attended dinner at a Washington DC hotel and a Brazilian general attended this, this dinner.


And the dinner was sponsored by a gentleman named Robert Bigelow, the famous billionaire hotelier. Yeah, I've met Him. Yeah. Had him on the podcast. Yeah. And, and by the way, he's, he's an American hero. He's a patriot. He brilliant a lot. He is brilliant. And he's, and people don't realize that he funded self-funded a lot of this stuff on behalf of the US government for by himself. Like he, he paid it to do it himself. He, he really is a, a You know, an American patriot in my opinion. But anyways, he flew in, this guy named General Ochoa. General Ochoa was a Brazilian general, very, very senior in the Brazilian government who led an investigation about a, an event that occurred over several days.


Is this The VAR incident? No, it's actually called es. Oh, another one in Brazil. Yeah. And the COIs incident, and they had an overwhelming number of eyewitnesses and There was even some, some video and, and photographs that they had produced internally there to Brazil. And it was overwhelming the evidence. And for me that was, it was more listening to him and explained the concern they had and some of the interactions the, their, the Brazilian government officials had with these UAP that really, i, I left there that, that dinner scratching my head. And really at that point, beginning to absorb the profoundness that we're, we're dealing with something that like, is is real.


This is not a cover plan for some other technology we're trying to protect. Did he show you this video Evidence? So he was, it was, I was sitting at the, kinda like a table like this. There was a whole lot of people at the table. He was sitting at the head, I was kind of way down over here and he brought a, a manila envelope and he was showing photographs to everybody. Right. And, and some reporting as well. I think he brought, if I recall correctly, his daughter to translate. 'cause I don't think English was his, his You know very good. It wasn't his language. But for me, that was, and I think for one of my colleagues too, which I probably can't say his name right now 'cause he hasn't come out publicly yet. But we both left that dinner, I think scratching our heads and saying, wow, this is so, this is legit.


This is real. The US government is interested in this and there is interest by our government. As after that dinner, attending more meetings and beginning to read the reports, the field reports, and, and speaking to the scientists, it became evident to me that this was a very serious issue. We had near misses over some of our, our, our areas of operation. In some cases, literally these, these UAP splitting a, a combat formation. Now if You know how planes fly, they fly very close in combat situation. These things were splitting the formation, right? That, that there were reports being, being provided through the Air Force, mostly through the Navy, about air safety issues.


Where, where pilots literally could, could run into these things, right? There were, there were, they were pervasive. It wasn't like a onesie and twosies. Was There ever an incident where a pilot or a jet did run Into something? Not that I'm aware of. What I can tell you that there has been incidents where there's appears to be some sort of provocation where one of these things seems to be coming deliberately close to an aircraft. Not necessarily trying to hit it, but maybe trying to demonstrate performance capabilities. There was one video in particular haven't been cleared by the Pentagon. So let me see if I can speak about it in gen general terms. There's a pilot flying and a a a, you can hear on the radio, this chatter back and forth.


Do you see it? Do you have eyes down on it? Pilot? Nope. Negative, no. Eyes down. Okay. You should have on radar. Yeah, I got something on the radar, but no eyes and I can't see it. And then all of a sudden, a a a craft a an object goes whizzing right by the cockpit. and I mean probably like 15 feet away. And you can hear the pilot, the expletives of the pilot You know, I, I won't see it here on air, but you can imagine right? What what a pilot would say when they're very, very surprised. That was one. There's there, there's, can you Describe what he saw? I think I can, I wanna be careful that I don't, because again, I haven't had a, what I, what I have approval to talk about. I've, I've spoken about, let preface it by saying I still have my security clearance and on occasion I still will consult for the US government.


And so I wanna be very mindful. I I have no problem going up all the way to the line. Right. Understood. But if I put up, you know, a pinky toe over that line there, right, right, right. Get me. But it was a wedge shaped craft. Wedge shaped, wedge shaped like triangular, but yeah, like a wedge. Like I don't know how else to describe it. I could draw it for you if you want me draw It. Sure, you can, yeah. Gimme A second. So just like a wedge that you would like split wood with, like that kind of a wedge. Yeah, but it was, it was silver metallic and like a, like a diamond, maybe that's a better way to describe it. Like a diamond almost. And it looked kind of like, it looked, looked kind of like that.


Really. Okay. It was just a, just a little, And that, that kind of shape is something that's been reported multiple times. So that was the first time I ever saw something like that. To me it was, keep in mind, I, I never followed this topic. So every time I'm seeing one of these videos, I'm kind of seeing something for the very first time. So lenticular, whether it's a disc shaped craft or it's, it's a, wed shape craft or a diamond shaped craft, or a triangle shaped craft. Boomerang in some cases, these were all new to me. So it was very, very perplexing and, and obviously to our military pilots, it was very concerning. and I think when you, when you look at some of the gold standard cases we had, like the Nimitz for example, that that that case You know you, you have this overwhelming number of sensors looking at the same thing going on that the pilots are reporting.


And for, for me, that was most compelling. Like I said, more than eyewitness testimony is important, but at the end of the day, You know grandmas seeing some lights in her backyard doesn't really do it for me. You know, I've, I'm, I'm a fact oriented kind of guy. I've, I've gotta see the data, let the data provide us the information we need so then we can make a conclusion. Right? I'm not, you know, if you start seeing UFOs in the sky everywhere, well chances are they're probably not You know it's a quadcopter, it's a balloon, it's an aircraft. It could be all sorts of things. That's why I think from our perspective, having the the fundamental categories, the observables we call them, was so important because they are so beyond what, what a normal aircraft, a traditional, conventional aircraft can do.


At that point, you realize you're, you're dealing with some, some sort of beyond next generation technology. And that's when it gets compelling for, for guys like me, right? Right. When you're, when you're seeing, when you're seeing performance capabilities that far exceed, far surpass anything we have, and I'm talking even the very, very best technology we have, we don't come close to that. And no visible means of propulsion. No. Or obvious signs of lift. Right. And not even a cockpit, you have to scratch your head and say what's going on? Interestingly, I'll share with, but, So no windows, No windows. Well, in some cases no windows. Other cases people will report what they think are windows. They say, oh, I saw windows. But at the end of the day, You know, we're, we're, we're looking that in terms of what we think a window is, right?


Right. So you see a car, you see windows or plane, those are windows. I didn't see any information to suggest that there were actually windows, even though an eyewitness might describe a window because we are describing in something of, of something that we recognize, right? And so we say, oh, that might be a window or whatnot. Right? But it might not be a window. And so I, I wanna be very careful to, to say there were no windows. It there Could have been. But the ones that I was privy to that I saw, I didn't see any obvious signs of like a windshield or a window. I didn't see anything like that. I saw vehicles that were doing things that were, were just left you scratching your head. And, and they were real like I said, because you're, you're, you're backing it up with all this other sensor data and some of the best sophisticated sensor data, by the way, at the time on the planet that we had, right?


Like the spy one radar and the E two Hawkeye and, and some of the other radar capabilities and technical capabilities that other intelligence agencies have that I can't discuss here. You know that this, this is the stuff that that helps us put, forgive the analogy here, but warheads on foreheads, we, when we're going to take a, a strike against a terrorist, these are the same sensor systems we use to, to, to, to prosecute that war that, that, that act both in combat and, and not in combat. So yeah, that's, that for me was, was, was very compelling. And it's lots and lots of videos. People think that there's only three videos there. There's those are those, those don't even scratch the surface.


There are hundreds and hundreds of videos that, that the intelligence community and the Department of Defense have on on these things. Has there ever been any discussion about releasing any of these? I don't wanna speak on behalf of the government. I I, colleagues of mine, like Chris Mellon, who have been very, very, very active in this topic and have actually been responsible for a lot of what we see now happening in Congress has been championing that. He is the one who says, look, we need more videos to come out so the American people can see for themselves what we've been dealing with. When I had Chris Mellon in the Pentagon, he saw those videos and up to that point, he You know he had been, when he was a senior person at the Pentagon, like very senior, one of his jobs as the senior intelligence official, he asked, Hey, do we have any UAP, UFO videos, investigations, anything like that?


And he told him no. So when he came to the Pentagon and saw what we actually did have, you can imagine someone like Chris Mellon, right? He wasn't Very happy. He was, he was actually pretty, pretty disappointed saying, why, why was I told no, I can, I can see these videos clearly, I see the reports, they're clearly this is something that we're interested in as a Department of defense. And yet when I was one of the senior guys, he got the Heisman right? He was, he was being, being told no. And so that's, that was I think a, a point for him that really, that's probably the, and I don't wanna speak for my friend Chris, but I, I I suspect that was probably the spark that got him to the point where he said, okay, we have to do something about this. This is, this is, this is bs.


Yeah. When I was talking to him, it seemed like that was his perspective. That this was something that really should be in at least in some way, shape, or form released to the general public, just to solidify the conversation, just to let people know like, these are real, this is a real thing. These are not just, have you seen the one that people were filming just a couple of days ago in Palmdale, California? Yeah, I think they said those were drones though, if I'm not mistaken. Oh, yeah. I think the jury came out, if I'm not mistaken. I I could be wrong that it was a, it was somebody using drones with some LED lights, which by the way, we can Do wild things with drones now, obviously Absolutely. Can create images in the sky, 100% dragons and stuff with drones. Yeah, absolutely.


So You know, we have to be careful as, as our own technology begins to advance, there's gonna be pranksters out there, right. You know. And that's one of the things that for me, in, in, in AATIP, I always went into an investigation or a case assuming that it was manmade. Right? And, and until I saw the compelling data that said otherwise, We were always going to assume or presume that this was something that was conventional. It was probably misidentified, but it wasn't, it wasn't exotic. Yeah. And then once the data suggests otherwise, then you kind of go into that, that, that other motive. Okay, now what, what are we dealing with? Again, especially on the backdrop of the five performance observables, that's when you start to say, okay, yeah, this is, this is not a, this is not an F 16 You know, this is not a, this is not a Chinese aircraft.


This is, this is something different. Right? What is the oldest video footage or film footage that you have ever seen or heard Civilian or military? Because It doesn't matter. Like what is the oldest where you, it's like, okay, what the fuck is this? What's the oldest stuff that's compelling? Ooh. The point is, what I'm trying to get at is a lot of people point to the possibility that there's some sort of a secret program, some sort of secret propulsion, gravity based, whatever it is that's completely different than conventional propulsion systems that the US government has and that they're operating these drones. And the problem with that is always the, like the Kenneth Arnold sightings, the Sure.


The Roswell, the sightings from a time where that technology just wasn't available at all. Joe, I'm so glad you asked me that question. It just so happens I brought you something. Oh, I brought You, when the glasses come out, You know Serious. No, it just means, it means I'm old. Me too. Yeah. I'm going to provide you a document here. It's a, it's a short document, but the portions I think are highlighted that you're gonna wanna pay attention to. And let's see here. Okay, so if this is just for you and if your audience is interested, it's this paragraph here you're gonna wanna read. Okay. And then it's the last one that's highlighted. And then take a look at the date and the subject line.


This is it right here. Jamie brought it up here. Oh, great. Yeah. So, okay, which One do I wanna Read? Paragraph six right now. So if you wanna scroll down to paragraph six. Okay. Here we go. This summary of observations of aerial phenomenon has been prepared for the purpose of reemphasizing and reiterating the fact that the phenomena have continuously occurred in the New Mexico skies during the past 18 months and are continuing to occur. And secondly, that these phenomena are occurring in the vicinity of sensitive military and government installations. And if you wanted to go back to like paragraph two, there you go. The, the highlighted part. Yeah. The observers of The observers of those phenomenon include scientists, special agents of the Office of Special Investigations, the US Air Force Airline pilots, military pilots, Los Alamo, security inspectors, military personnel, and many other persons of various occupations whose reliability is not questioned.


And now scroll to the top of the very top of that document. And That was, it says that it was determined. There you go. Above that, the summary of observations of aerial phenomenon in the New Mexico area, December, 1948 to May, 1950. And the date of that document, if you scroll A little bit higher, you are going to see the date of that memo. 1950. Oh, 1950. Yes, sir. May 25th, 1950. Right? It says that the, it was determined that the frequency of unexplained era phenomena in the New Mexico area was such that an organized plan of reporting these observations should be undertaken. Right? So this is the beginning of Project Blue Book. So this is the, the recognition that we have a serious problem over our sensitive military installations.


This is nothing new. This is not 1970s reverse engineered technology or some sort of special technology, Right? 1950, they're talking about this. So We had just broken the sound barrier and we had not yet entered into space. And we have these things that are performing in ways that frankly we can't replicate. I've, I've brought a few more of these later on to emphasize that point you just brought up at some point if you're interested. Yeah. But it highlights that these are official government documents through official government personnel raising the alarm bells, just like we did in, in, in OSAP and AATIP. And so this is nothing new. Now let's, if you want to look at this from an adversarial perspective, let's, we, our government has already said that's not ours.


Right? if you look at a 1950 saber jet, for example, it wasn't even supersonic. And yet these things that we are observing in some cases are doing, I brought some more documents here, multiples of, of mock at, at, at and doing velocities and doing things that we frankly could not do back then. And frankly we still can't do in some cases. But temporally speaking, the only two countries in the world may, may have a chance of doing something like that would be Russia and China. And now in 1950, where was China was in the middle of a famine at the time. And where was Russia? Russia was trying to develop the atomic bomb and still was using horse drawn carts for a lot of their military operations.


So temporally speaking, it doesn't make sense. This is, this is the analogy I've used before, Joe, that It would be like, sir, the Carter going into King Tut's tomb for the very first time in the 1920s discovering King Tut's tomb. And when he goes in, he finds a fully assembled 7 47 jet. It, it doesn't make sense temporarily speaking, right? They, they did not have that technology. So is it possible, and I'll be very careful what I say, that the US government has some sort of exotic technology. Well, my answer is, I sure hope so, because You know we want to have an advantage over our adversaries. But in 1950, that wasn't the case.


Right. And do they have any film of these crafts from New Mexico? There is film of many craft, and not just New Mexico per se, but over many military installation. Here, I got another one for you. I'll, I'll provide you, you don't have to waste your time reading it, but the, I think you'll appreciate this. Take a look at the date of this and who it's to and who it's from. and I think you'll find the subject line very interesting. Okay. Which one? What part am I reading here? Just the highlighted portion so you can see the top of the document, who it's from, who it's to, and the date and what the subject line is. Director of special investigate. What does it say? It's, it's hard 'cause it's all Scratchy.


Yeah. You know. It's a, it's an old reproduction of official government document. Bottom line. It's a, it's a document from j Edgar Hoover. Oh, oh, I see. From Director of director General Department of the Air Force, the Pentagon. Yeah. J Edgar Hoover, director of Federal Bureau of Investigations. And the subject read the subject line of that memo Flying. It's God, it's God, it's hard to read 'cause it's all screwy Flying discs. you shouldn say flying discs over the Savannah. It's a, there's a sensitive facility that we had where We were doing atomic development and Yeah. Flying dis reportedly seen the vicinity of the something river Plant Savannah river plant.


Yes sir. Okay. That's correct. And so that's just Atomic energy. Yeah. Commission. And the date of that being You know 1952. Right, right. So, so, So this is an of, this is verified, this is, That was released by the government. That is a, those are all official, all these are official US government documentation that anybody can pull up anytime they Want. Did they let you see any of these ancient films? These films from the 1950s of these things? So, Great question. Our focus was really more modern time. It was more like taking a picture of where we are now. I mean, but Wouldn't you want to just like, if you, if you really think this thing is from somewhere else, the best example of it definitely not being ours is something from the 1950s.


Right? Sure. And anecdotally that that's, that's great. But keep in mind on the backdrop of national security, when you go to a general and you Say, just clean this up, by the way. Yeah. It's crazy. Those, it's like half the things are blotted out and scratchy. Yeah. That's Uncle Sam for you You know when you go to a general or You know, it Makes me suspicious. No, you can find it. I know, I know, I know. But it was just like Oh. yeah. The Government released that. I mean they, they, they admit that downstairs They fucking shitty old 1920 fax machine. Look at that. It's Terrible. Well, they remember they were using typewriters back then too, right? Right. And then ink smears. Yeah. Bloche. and I'm sure the original is probably much, much cleaner. But that's what the government put out online for people to review. So when you're going back to, to your answer your question, when you are going to a general or you're going to a military leader about this topic, if you go back to anecdotal stuff like, oh, this is something from 1950s, they're not interested.


They're like, look what is going on now? Right. Of what is, what is the threat Now I've got a carrier strike group out in the water, I'm getting reports. These things are, are are coming in and interrogating the ship. You know what, I wanna see that. I wanna see the videos, I wanna see the reporting, I wanna see the, the deck logs and what the commander says. and I wanna know the pilots. I wanna talk to the pilots, the radar operators. Right. That's their focus. They're not interested. And by the way, we've tried a few times and the further back in time we go, the less interested they were. So it was really interesting, the current, yeah, it was really the current information, what's going on now, I'm not interested in what happened. They're Just taking a pragmatic approach. Yeah, yeah. And it's You know, it's understandable from a military perspective, a national security perspective. The other stuff is interesting.


And from the general public's perspective, You know they're, they're interested, but from a national security perspective, they're like, Hey man, that was three decades ago. Right? Makes sense. You know I need, I need now. So Right. It's, it is understandable. A little frustrating. 'cause you want to, you want to demonstrate, look, boss, this is, this is nothing new, right? This is, this is a repeated pattern that we're seeing here, but they're more interested in the here and now. So do they have repeated footage? because you, you're saying three decades, but obviously we're talking about 1950. Did they have stuff from the 1980s stuff From the 1990s There was Reporting? Yeah. And again, I gotta be careful because some of that stuff I haven't been cleared to talk about. But there, there are reports we call foreign intelligence fi, foreign intelligence reports.


and I can't say where or who or anything like that. But on classified systems where we know without a shadow of a doubt, UAPs, were encountered in other countries, adversarial countries. Why? Because we spy on 'em and we know. Mm. Again, I can't say how we know and and whatnot. I understand. Get in trouble. But just So we know, this is not a, a United States phenomenon. Precisely. It is not a US only phenomenon. And in fact, in other countries, whether it's in Latin America, south America, or in Europe or Russia, China, there is an extreme interest in this topic. In fact, the Chinese, it was in the newspaper, I think it was a China Morning sun. They has something called the Five Continents Initiative where allegedly they were trying to broker a deal with the United Nations that would allow China to run all the UFO investigations for the United Nations.


Right? So we also know that Russia, they've come out and said, yeah, we're interested in this topic. There was some released old KGB footage that showed MIG interactions with these UAP. And there's also, in Latin America, you have the same thing. if you go to Latin America now, they don't have the same level of stigma and taboo associated with this topic like we do. And so they talk freely about it. They, they have no problem talking. In fact, when I was in, in the Patagonia area of Argentina, there is a near town called Barce and Las Laja, one of the chief of police was telling me they have, there's an area there called Lair, Miranda Lair. Miranda means to see, to view. And they call it that the town. And because UAP are so frequent there, that local law enforcement actually built an observatory, an observation post to look at these things 'cause they were so frequent.


So this is not a new phenomenon. This is something that's been around for quite a long time. The problem is, in my opinion, and I could be wrong, but this is my assessment. The reason why it's so difficult to have the conversation here is because our government had placed so much emphasis and interest trying to stigmatize this topic that it almost worked too. Well now we're at the point where we should be having this conversation and people still don't want to because they think it's crazy. You think of tinfoil hats and Yeah. Elvis on the mothership, when in reality we're talking about a real national security issue. I mean these, these things are here. You, you have Joe, you have a former director of National Intelligence Radcliffe, a former director of CIA Brennan. You have former presidents all coming out and saying, yeah, there's something to it.


It's real right now what it is, where it's from and all that stuff. I'm not sure we're quite Ready To go there yet. But the acknowledgement is, hey man, yeah, this is real. It's not ours and we probably should do something about it. So if we go back to the history of the debunking of it, You know, like the Project Blue book stuff. Jay Allen Hynek, after he had left Project Blue Book, he became a proponent of UFO disclosure during Project Blue Book. He, it was his job to ba essentially dismiss everything and to come up with some sort of a reason swamp gas, mass hallucinations, whatever it was to attribute all these sightings to something that was very easy to explain.


Did they ever ex, is there any documentation or any discussion of why they did that? Why they chose to debunk everything? Yeah. My my understanding is if you have to look at where America was at the time they were doing these investigations, it was at the height of the Cold War. Right. And You know, despite what some people think it, the Cold War wasn't very cold at all. It was pretty hot. And we had Russia and the United States engaging in these proxy wars. Neither side wanted to let the other side know what we had and what we didn't know. Right. So if you have these UAP coming in and out, the last thing you want to do is tell the other side broadcast, this is what we've learned from it. And more importantly, this is what we don't know about it.


Right? And so both sides were keeping this very quiet. But There was an interesting agreement at the classified level, I believe in the late sixties where There was this relationship with the United States. We were putting up our northern tier radar system to detect then Soviet Union ICBMs. And they were doing the same thing, right? 'cause none of us really trusted each other, but we trusted each other enough to say, look, before you hit that button, if you see something coming over the horizon before you hit that button and launch, give us a call because it might be a UFO. Right? And we don't wanna start World War III because either side mistakes A UFO for an ICBM. Right? And that's how serious they took the topic. I mean, that's real, that's, that's a real memo that, that that existed between the United States and Russia.


So that's, that is an indicator how much both sides took this topic. Seriously. Jesus. And so when Philip Corso was dismissing all these different things, did they have anything, any film footage, any, any stuff from that time, from Project Blue Book that was like definitively not ours? I'm not privy to. Well, I am, I'm aware of the fact that people say it does exist and people have been briefed on it. I wasn't privy to that. I was, again, more focused on the here and now. Right. I was aware of people who had attended certain meetings, very senior level meetings where that was discussed, where they saw certain footage.


But that's, I'm hearing that secondhand. I I did not see the old footage. My, my focus was more on the, on the current, what's going on now. But back to your point, why was this effort to try to create so much stigma and taboo? I think it was because of that. I think because you had Russia and us had this weird stalemate where neither one wanted to tell the other side what we know and what we didn't know about UAP. And, and the really the, I think the focus from a national security perspective, let's say you're a general, and I'm a general, look, we've got a real cold war going on here right now. As long as these things aren't coming in and zapping my people, that's gonna be my focus right now. That's, that's a real potential threat that I have to deal with. Now I've got Russia pointing nukes at me, and I'm nu pointing nukes at them at any time we could launch, let's focus on that.


Right. More so than the other stuff. And that was, that is, that has been my observation on why they didn't want to address the, the, the, the problem, the challenge openly with the general public back. And they also were worried There was a There was several studies that suggested that most people would be very uncomfortable with that idea. That there's something else in the cosmos potentially, or even right here on Earth. And that It would create some sort of societal disruption, right? They didn't wanna cause panic. They were afraid that people would kind of like think of a run on Wall Street, right? When people get panicked, they do kind of strange things sometimes. and I think the government was very worried about that. What's the most compelling modern thing that you've seen?


Oh My God, I can't talk about it. Unfortunately. That's what's, that's this is my frustration, Joe. Mm. Because I know what I've seen. I know what my colleagues have seen. Right? And to this day, there's, there's video that's coming in on a regular routine basis that is very, very compelling. And if, if the, How do they hide this stuff from the general public? Well, we have classified systems. We hide a lot of things. Right? But how does it, how is it getting filmed? Is any of it getting filmed by the general public or is all this military stuff? So let me backtrack A little bit. This, there is there, there's a general public that is filming stuff. But from a Department of Defense perspective, our focus now arrow is a different story. But when I was in the government, we had to be very, very careful of something we called intelligence oversight back in the sixties and seventies.


The US intelligence apparatus, particularly in the Department of Defense, was kind of naughty. They were doing things they shouldn't do. They were spying on students and they were spying on American citizens. Don't say they were things, don't say Yeah. Crazy. Say it isn't. So, so Congress passed some laws and said, okay, you, you can no longer do this kind of stuff on, on, on, on American citizens, right? You can't conduct intelligence operations on American citizens. You can't do it. It's illegal. Right? So you have executive order, 1, 2, 3, 3 and all these other rules and laws and DOD 52, 40 0.1 that all come out and say, no MAs. So Department of Defense is supposed to focus on military. That's it. You don't, you don't bring in US persons information and ingest them into a Department of Defense database, especially a Department of Defense Intelligence database.


That's a super No-no, that's called US persons information. And it's pretty much for boden. So our focus was looking specifically at military sourced information. I was not focusing at all on what the private citizens were seeing, because at the end of the day, we couldn't use it. You can't, you can't do anything with the data. And it seems like you got plenty of compelling footage from the military. Overwhelming. Overwhelming. It's, it, there's absolutely no doubt that we didn't have to look at civilian data. 'cause we had better collection sensor systems from the military that was looking at stuff and giving us better insight. if you, you Can't tell us about, can you give us some sort of an understanding of like what you're talking about? Yeah, sure.


Without being specific. Yeah. Let me see. Okay. Yeah. There is a, a video, high resolution video of, I can't say what platform it was taken from. I can't say where it was taken from. Okay. But an object that You know. Do You know how large a an offshore shore oil derrick is? They're huge, right? Yeah. They're like a, they're almost like a small city, right? They're like one city block. They're huge. They're enormous things. There is a video that shows one of these objects underwater that goes by the speed was calculated between 450 and 550 knots underwater.


And it was bigger than the offshore derrick that it was passing. 'cause you could see in the video the offshore Derrick and you could see this thing zip right by it. Jesus. Yeah. So that's a lot of them, right? A lot of them are reported as being transmedium. Right? So that exactly why, why do we use the term UAP right now? It's unidentified anomalous phenomenon because it's all domain. Initially it was UFO unidentified flying object and for several reasons they changed the name. One of 'em, not just because of stigma, like people think, but because the word flying object means flight, right? And you have to have wings to fly. That's flight. And these things don't have wings. So that term we're not even sure is even accurate anymore because they're not necessarily flying.


We see them underwater, we see 'em super high altitude. So the term was changed to unidentified aerial phenomenon. But again, that did not encompass all the observations We were seeing. So now the term UAP, I think the latest description of it is unidentified anomalous phenomenon to help describe this multi-domain or trans medium characteristic that we are beginning to see and record that these things can do. And that's, that is, I'm gonna, if I can digress for a second. 'cause that's super important, Joe. We have transmedium vehicles, right? We have things like sea planes and it's a plane and it can float on water.


But let's face it, a a sea plane is neither a really good plane or a really good boat because it's a compromise. It's a design compromise between an object that you want to perform in the air and in the sea. And that's why it's neither really good at both. Same thing with, for example, the space shuttle. It goes out into space and it can glide down, but it's not a very good airplane comes down like a brick You know, right? 'cause there's design compromises and performance compromises. But what we are seeing doesn't have any of that attributable compromise. It's not, these objects aren't slowing down. They're not changing their, their, their, their performance capabilities. They can do the same thing that we're seeing in the air and, and, and possibly in space and, and even underwater.


So that is a, that is a fundamentally different type of technology than we are used to dealing with. Is the assumption that they are doing something with space time and gravity around them, rather than using something like a, a jet propulsion engine that blasts fire out the back and it makes it go fast forward, right? That they're doing something that alters the gravity around them. Yeah. So, and that's why they can go through everything. Yeah. So we had had some of the best scientists on the team, folks like Dr. Hal Poff and some other folks that, I'm not allowed to say their names, Dr. R Davis and some others that were doing the calculations, mathematical calculations on, on how this is possible.


And the consensus was by, by the scientist, not me. 'cause You know I'm not a, I'm not a physics expert, I'm not a astrophysicist. They were saying that. So let me back up here. Initially, the government for years was trying to identify the different exotic technologies that could explain the different performance characteristics. And it was during the AATIP years that the scientists had this consensus that if you had one type of technology, if you could do one thing, all these other observables now become possible. Kind of think of like a unifying theory. And so if you had the ability to, to create this bubble around you in a localized area that insulated you from the effects of Earth's gravity.


Now what is gravity? People think that You know when I drop my glasses, that's gravity. That's not gravity. That's an effect of gravity. Gravity is the warping of space time. And that's important because people don't, they, you hear the term thrown around a lot, but they don't realize that space and time are actually connected. They are, they are. They're one and the same. They're opposite sides, if you will, of the same coin. And so you can't have one without the other. And so you have this ability to create a bubble around you that insulates you from the warping of space time, let's say in this case earth's gravity or something like that. Then the way you experience time inside that bubble is perhaps fundamentally different than the way you might experience space time outside that bubble because you're not, you're not subject to the effects of gravity, which would explain potentially, potentially why things don't need wings and why they don't need propulsion systems like that.


Right? So it's, it's a completely different way of looking at, at how we understand physics and how we as humans move about. Everything we do is fundamentally force equals mass times acceleration. F equals ma, right? Mass times accelerating force. This may be something A little bit different. This is, this is not using a, again, conventional thrust or if I put You know a Newtonian, right? If I, if I push this way, I have an equal and opposite reaction that way. Right? That's how that, are There any theories as to how it's accomplishing this? There is a, actually Dr. Hal Poff about three years ago, gave a speech on this, a very interesting talk lecture about this technology.


And if you ever had the chance, you really should have him on. 'cause he's a, he's a, he's an incredible human being, being he's also the one who helped start the government's remote viewing program and a bunch of other stuff for the government. He's been involved in a lot of our nation's, probably most, most classified efforts. But he was working with us on, on AATIP as one of our scientists. And he gave a lecture about three years ago to some other scientists about the specifics on how this is possible. I am not a scientist, so I'm definitely not gonna speak on behalf of Hal Rudolph 'cause I'm sure I will muck it up. But I do recall a time when he came into our skiff and gave us about a three hour lecture on this unifying theory. And at that moment it was very much for us, the epiphany that a lot of us had been been searching for.


He's like, look, at the end of the day, this is how it's possible. And that was kind of this. Wow. So it's really not, Can you give us a moron's view of how it's possible? Yeah. Explain it to someone like me. Yeah. Well I'm I'm in that category, Joe. So You know. Good. Are we speaking The same Language? Yes sir. Yeah. Single syllable grunts, right? Yeah. So you have, you have an object like this cup on your table, and you want it to be insulated from the effects of earth's gravity. So you, you, you create this bubble artificially using a, a, a certain energetic source at a certain frequency, and it interacts with certain material.


Certain metamaterial and I have, again, I gotta be careful exactly what I say, but certain skin of the craft, this aluminum via the cup here, and all of a sudden, boop, you have this bubble around you where what you see on the outside is not necessarily what you see on the inside. In fact, may, may I do it one more drawing for you? Sure. Yeah. Okay. And forgive me, I'm, I'm not an artist, so I'm gonna do this upside down for you, and then I'm gonna kind of scoot this just a little here. Alright, let's do this. So, unfortunately, I know your audience can't see this, but actually it's Probably, that's okay. Some people can, there's a video form of it. I'm sure this will get on, it'll be on YouTube as Well. It's probably good that they don't, 'cause I'm not an artist.


Okay. But let's say this is a two dimensional representation of a three-dimensional space. Okay? And in essence, So what you've done is essentially you've, you've created a, a three dimensional looking grid stacked, it looked like stacked boxes on top of each other. Yeah. Right? And so you have this, you have location A and location B, and let's say go from Los Angeles to Baltimore. Okay? And it takes me five hours to fly at 500 miles an hour. That's a function of distance over time. And in essence, you can mark that linearly like this. So I fly, it takes me five hours.


There I am. Okay? if you had the ability to compress space time and not a lot, just A little bit, and you were able to allow these points to be a little closer together. Now in essence, what took you, let's say five hours and 500 miles an hour to do it. You can do it in one hour and you can do it in much less time. But to the observer outside, 'cause we're still in the same universe, we would see something like that. We would see this incredible hopscotching ability to, to, if you will, take a shortcut through space time. And so what would appear to be instantaneous acceleration, hypersonic loss, and other things now becomes a reality.


And so that is, that is fundamentally what, What The scientists had discovered. And so it seems like science fiction, but when you understand the mathematics and some of the theorem that they've proposed, a lot of these other observables become possible. So these are essentially just theoretical explanations of how these things are moving. Yeah. And I'm, again, I'm not, I'm not right. I'm not a scientist. I understand. I wanna be very careful. I You know I don't wanna misrepresent anything. There's a whole lot of other stuff that if you can do that, all of a sudden now makes sense and may describe the observations that people are, are, are seeing and why they're kind of hard to see and they seem obscure.


Right? And so I think from, from a, from a governmental perspective, that it was kind of a revelatory moment for, for the folks in our, in our program. So they realized one of the reasons why these things are weird looking is because they're literally, they're creating want light. Do you mind? I'm sorry. No. Yeah. Take this. Thank you. So the back thing, the other side. Ah, push that down. There you go. Bam. Thank you very much. No problem. So how, how much of this is theoretical and how much of this is observed from recovered vehicles?


I am not allowed to talk about what the government may or may not have in its possession other than that I have, I I, so I went through a very lengthy Pentagon review process recently. I, I, I wrote, I won't talk about it here, but I, I, I wrote something and I had to go through Pentagon to have a review process. And it took almost a year in this, this thing I wrote, I I, I talk about up to the ledge, up to the part I can talk about. And they approved for me to talk about up to that point when it comes to what the government may or may not not have in his possession, all I can simply say is that there's very compelling evidence to suggest that the US government is in absolute possession of exotic material that is not made by humans.


Now, beyond that, I can't really expound upon, I haven't been given permission to talk about it. But what I can say is what I've already said for the record, which is been approved by the Pentagon, won't get in trouble by saying it, is that, that, that we are, there's very compelling data to suggest that we are in Possession of why is the Pentagon teasing us? Why do they tell you? Why are they allowing you to say we are in possession of something that was not made by human beings, but not allowed to elaborate, not allowed to show these very compelling videos that you're talking about that you've seen. I don't th well, two reasons.


I don't think they have a choice. I think with now the introduction of cell phones and ring cameras, the cat's outta the back. It's, it's the worst kept secret at this point. Two, there is a faction unlike before in the Cold War. I believe there is a faction of people inside the government that do want this conversation to occur. But equally, there's still a faction of people that are very mad with me. They do not want me having this conversation and mark my words, just by me being on your show, it is gonna cause an absolute storm. Inside, the Pentagon and I am sure the other shoe's gonna drop. I promise you it's gonna, you're gonna hear all sorts of stuff. People make stuff up about me trying to discredit this topic because as many people are in the government that want this topic to be discussed.


Now, there's still some people that do not want this Conversation. Could you steal man their position? Say, say again. Steal Man their position. Meaning, could you argue it from their perspective? Absolutely. Like why Sure. and I, what would be a good reason to keep this stuff quiet? Sure. and I want to preface here, I'm not, I'm not fear mongering. No, I don't think you Are. But look, if I was, if I was a military person, right? I would look at this from the perspective of there's three options. They're good, they're neutral, or they're bad. So let's go down this road for a second. Let's say they're good, right? Well, we've got nothing to worry about. The problem is there's no nothing to suggest that they truly are benevolent.


People say, well, you know, they're like, they don't want us to nuke ourselves. Well, you know, I discuss it in, in, in what I wrote that there's no, there's no, there's no data to suggest that they, they didn't stop us from dropping atomic bombs on Hiroshima, Nagasaki and vaporizing, 500,000 living souls. They didn't stop us when we started developing nuclear weapons from the atomic age. They didn't stop the proliferation of nuclear weapons. They didn't stop the, the testing and the Nevada range of, of, of atomic and nuclear weapons. And now how many countries have atomic weapons and nuclear weapons? A lot, right? They didn't stop Chernobyl, they didn't stop Fukushima, they didn't stop three mile Island. So to say that they're here to help us, I'm not sure there's, there's data.


People say, well, You know in, in, in Minot. And, and, and North Dakota and Montana, they, the UFOs came in and they stopped. They, they interfered with our nuclear weapons and they brought the entire echo flight offline, which by the way, I have the government report on that if you want it, but in Russia, a lot of people don't know they turned 'em on. Right. So that's equally scary. They're interfering with our nuclear capability whether to attack or to defend ourselves. So When you say they turned him on in Russia, this is a, a Russian report? Yeah. So this is a, I don't know if you remember the hearing, congressional hearing that occurred last year where the, with David Gros? Nope.


The other one with under Secretary of Defense for intelligence, Ronald Moultrie and some people from the Navy, and I think it was Congressman Gallagher that asked the very specific question and he said, are you aware of UFOs interfering with our nuclear capabilities? And the response was something like, no, I'm not really familiar with it. Never heard of it. And then the question was, I think we asked specifically at these locations and the government's response was, no, not familiar with it. Well, here's the actual report from the Department of Defense. This is the actual intelligence report that was released through foia. There's a, there's a gentleman out there who runs a site called the Black Vault. His name is John Greenwald, and he's probably the World Authority on Freedom of Information Act.


And he has a wealth of data that is out available to the public that he has received from the government. This is one of those documents, this is the document that our own government has no idea apparently exists. I like how they write it in all caps. Yeah. Yeah. That's the, the old reporting. So obviously there's some people that don't want this to be released. And obviously there's some people that think that the, the general public has a right to know. I believe So. That's, that's my, that's been my observations and my experience. Well, that makes sense. You know. I mean, like when everybody says the CIA does this, like, okay, who, well, who in the cia A I didn't finish though the other parts. Right? So if they're not here for friend, if they're not, if they're not friendly right.


That leads them neutral like us, right. Or benevolent. Benevolent. Now from military perspective, and I just wanna caveat, I don't agree with this, but I can respect the understanding you, sir, or general. and I say to you, and I say, we cannot prove that they're not here to do something bad. But what we do know is that they can interfere. They, they're very interested in our, in our military capabilities, and they have interfered with our nuclear capabilities, right? From a military perspective, that looks an awful lot like something we call IPB initial preparations of the battle space, or perhaps even ISR intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance. Whenever we're gonna go into a foreign country and invade, we do long range surveillance, we wanna know how the enemy operates, how they react.


So even if there's a 2% chance, 5% chance that these things are, are here to do something malevolent, right? Then we probably should not tip our hands to the fact that we are aware of it publicly. Because what happens the moment that the bad guys in a foreign country find our surveillance team over the border, we've got 12 hours, we got, we gotta invade because the element of surprise is now over. So some may feel under government, the mere fact of acknowledging this, if there is some sort of mal-intent may push up artificially a clock that exists somewhere for these things to say uhoh, okay? The, the, the, the foolish humans are now the, the cat's outta the bag, they know, know, we're, we're, we're here, we need to go in now for whatever reason they may have.


So that is the military mindset potentially of some of these individuals who want to keep this secret 'cause So they're worried about an actual invasion. Well, but, but they have to be, that is, that is the role of, of our national security apparatus, right? Even if there's a 1% chance, right? They have to consider that in their planning and in the decision-making matrix. So again, going back to what I said, I respect that. I don't agree with it, but I can respect that. If that is the reason why, then I would say, okay, look, in your heart, you really do have the best interest of the American people. You are a patriot. I can accept that. Again, I don't think it's your decision to make, I think it needs to go to Congress. I think it needs to go to the President, let the American people decide. I think, I think America can handle the truth.


I think America deserves the truth and let the American people decide if, if it's in their best interest to know more about This. I agree with you, but I also could see it from their perspective. Like they're probably insanely busy already. And the last thing they want to do is get involved in this thing where now they have a PR campaign where they're trying to let people know about this thing and not cause mass panic. That's Right. That's right. But You know what though. I'm also very optimistic, Joe. 'cause you and I are having this conversation and people aren't making a run on Wall Street. People are still paying their mortgages. Right. And going to PTA and meetings and, and After the 2017 New York Times report, which was probably one of the, the biggest moments in UFO disclosure because It wasn in the New York Times.


And then you see something like that in the New York, especially the New York Times in 2017, people really respected it. It's like, this is right. This is a real story. Well, and this is, this is apolitical. Yes. I mean, how many topics can you go to, to Congress and have, that's not polarizing. Right? Right. Right. This is one of the only ones where you can have literally have Congressman Bechet and, and, and congresswoman and a OC side by side agreeing that this, this is important. Right. This is, this is, it's a very rare opportunity. And so, you know, my concern, I'm doing this because I, I believe it's the right thing to do. And my concern is that we're at a point now where I've said before, You know secrets aren't like a fine wine, where the longer you keep a cork on it, the better it gets.


I think secrets are perishable. I think they have a shelf life. I think they're like vegetables in your refrigerator. And there comes a point where if you leave them there too long, they start to rot and they start to stink and it becomes a big mess to clean up. Right? And so that's my perspective. And what I'm trying to do is give the government an ability to work its way out of a corner that it's put itself into for the last several decades and with no seeming way out. Right? Right. They look around like, well, how do we get ourselves outta this trip? Is there an issue of legality, like, of con of spending and like Issues? A hundred percent. A hundred percent. There's issues. So, So there's people that be liable for Yes. Not being straightforward with Congress. Yeah. and I know people want their pound of flesh.


I know there's people out there, you, we've been lied to for decades and I want. Right? And then they make it a political issue. Right. And they go after someone for Yeah. And I think that's the wrong approach. I, I think You know There was a time where we needed to keep this secret and I think what you do is you, you, you give those guys awards, give those guys and gals awards who, who did it. Right. Don't, don't make 'em enemies, make 'em friends and say, okay, look. But those were different times. Now's the time to, to, to come clean. Talk to the members of Congress. Right. Talk to forgive all the past sins. Yeah. Truth and reconciliation To prosecution. A hundred percent. And let's just get clear with all this. Yeah. And understand that it was all in good faith that you did it in the first place. 100%. Now All in the interest of the United States security, You talk about legal issues.


The problem is there are though real legal issues. So let's say you have, again, these cups, forgive my analogies, you have two aerospace companies, company A, company B, and let's say I am in the Department of Defense back in the fifties, sixties. and I come across this interesting technology. I have no idea what the hell it is. It just came out of the sky and I go to company A and I said, tell me what you can figure out about that. Right? Right. 10 years later, company A becomes a multi-billion dollar aerospace company. Company B goes bankrupt, 200 people lose their jobs. And now people who have stock investors in that company lose their money. Right. Unfair advantage, keep in mind, you're supposed to have fair competition in the US government, right?


So if you give an unfair advantage to company A to B, you're talking a serious liability. There's SEC violations there, there's all sorts of concerns one has to pay attention to because someone somewhere gave an unfair advantage to one company over another. So there, there's, there are legal liabilities that we have to, we have to recognize. It's not just clear cut. Okay, forgive and forget You know. There's gonna have to be some, some additional protection and, and understanding for if, if that occurred. We need to figure out how we deal with that as well. Mm. So that would be an impediment to release. That makes a lot of sense. Yeah. These are big companies, right? With PD pockets and a lot of lawyers.


Yeah. Well, I mean also this is a discussion that we've had on here before. if you did find something, who would you bring it to? Well, you bring it to the people that build your fucking jets. Like, Hey guys, what the hell is this? Like, you know, you make some sort of a top secret agreement. You, you bring it to them in some sort of a undisclosed facility, best and brightest, secured, best and brightest, and bring the guys in and go, what the fuck is this thing? Yep. Yeah. You kind of have to. Otherwise, like how, what else would you do You know. I mean, how else do you find out how these things work? And if you were going to do it in a secretive fa ma manner, you would have to bring it to defense contractors. 'cause those are the only people that are capable of making things. Right. They make your jets right.


They make, they make the You know every stealth bomber, every, well, whatever the fuck it is, they make all that shit. So going Back to, you know, a a a colleague of mine made the comparison. He said, look, Lou, imagine being during the days of Da Vinci and all of a sudden bringing Da Vinci a garage door opener. You have no idea what it's used for. Right. You've never seen plastic before and you don't even understand electromagnetic radiation. Right. Right. But, and, and, and infrared You know, where do you start on the analysis Right. And exploitation of a technology that the physics hasn't even been discovered yet. Right. Right. and I mean, garage door openers seem like magic. Right. It really does. you know?


Yeah. I press a button and a door opens like magic. Wait, where's the horse? Where's the strings? Where's that, That, right, exactly. Yeah. So it's kind of bananas. You press a button on your car and all of a sudden your door opens. Right. And you drive in and you press another button and it closes and it's all done through the air. Right. Which is bananas magic, but we're just accustomed to it. That's right. Yeah. So this kind of technology, I'm sure you're aware of the Bob Lazar story. I'm aware. I I don't know Bob, I've never met him. So you never got into that? I've I did not. How could you not with your line of work Be because, you know, I, I always wanted to be insulated from prejudicing the jury. and I know, it sounds kind of strange, but I didn't ever makes sense. You know. It's, it, it's, it, it's kind of something I impose on myself because I didn't wanna have any preconceived notions of going in.


Most people kind of, I suspect would be tempted to say, well, I'm gonna learn everything I can about You know UFO lore. I wanted the opposite. You're a better man than me. I, well, all of, I'm better. I fucking chasing That shit down. You know. I think I just, I I just wanted to be very, very careful to preserve the investigative integrity. Right. And we're, look, we're all humans. We're all bias. That's, there's no way around it. We all have some degree of bias. Let's, let's be honest and truthful here. It doesn't matter what type of bias it is. We all have some sort of bias somewhere, whether it's food or it's the people You like to date or whatever. I wanted to avoid that as much as possible. And so I I always kept it very, very focused on the here and now.


And You know what, what can we see today? Right. You're aware of the story though, right? The basic Tangentially I that, that he worked at a particular facility and at that facility he was exposed to some sort of UAP technology, that Thing. Right. That thing, that thing right there, the sport model. And that he was brought in as a propulsions expert and to try to, they didn't know how it exactly worked, but they, they sort of just said, tell me what this is Roger. And then along the way he realized, oh, this isn't even ours. Yeah. I'm, I'm aware of, again, the, the overarching story. I, I don't know any of the details and I've, I've never met him personally.


So I'm, I'm, it's A very, very interesting guy. I had dinner with him with my friend Andrew Schultz and Jeremy Corbell. We, we went to dinner and You know informally talked and had a fascinating conversation. And Jeremy's a great guy. He's a great guy. Yeah. He's, he's really You know. He's done a lot to, he said To say hi. Hi. He's pumped that we're talking. Yeah. He's Done a lot. He's a UFO nut. And he got me really way back in with his documentary of Bob Bazar flying saucers, whatever, whatever the actual title of it is. But that, that documentary's fantastic. And it's essentially going over Bob Bazars from the 1980s to today, which he's told the exact same story, which is nuts that you have one giant lie your whole life.


Like, come on. There's a lot of weirdness to the story, obviously, like there is with everything, there's a lot of people that want to discredit his, his background and all sorts of other things. But the reality of what he's saying is essentially what we're seeing in these crafts, which is very strange. So he described how these things worked and how they moved and how they would turn sideways and sort of like project this, whatever this reactor that they have inside of them. And he, he talked about this element, element one 15. They have a stable version of it that was essentially theoretical at the time in, in 1980. No one, no one really knew whether or not that thing actually even exists 89 or whatever it was.


And that It would douse this thing, project radiation upon it, and It would create this warp, this gravity warp, this, this thing that allowed this, this craft to move in ways that defied our understanding of Hell. That's a hell of a lucky guess a hell of a lucky guess Hell of a lucky guess in 1989. Wow. And he drew it, he is diagrams of what this thing looked like and You know how it worked. And, and it essentially looked exactly like that little model that's on the desk there. And that he felt like the whole, it didn't make any sense. He said the whole thing. It didn't have any seams, which now we understand 3D printing. Right. So now we know that we can actually given, But, but only now, not back then.


Right. Of course, everything had rivets. Exactly. You know the skin of a craft was the skin of an aircraft. Exactly. And it had rivets and had nuts and bolts and Exactly. you know, but now, you know, obviously now we have carbon fiber, we have a bunch of different ways of constructing things. But back then he didn't know what the fuck that thing was. He said it looked like it had all been melted, like into place like that had been like almost like smooth, like wax, like melted wax and that it, it had no instrumentation inside of it. And it was designed for very small things, like something that was like three feet tall and that all these things seemed to operate through the, the being itself had some sort of connection to the craft. Some sort of strange way of interfacing with the craft that didn't have anything to do with pulling levers and moving things.


Sure. But Joe, is that really that much of a, of a, of a stretch? Let's, let's look at this You know, we have, we've done experiments where we've had pilots be able to control aircraft thousands of miles away with a helmet that interprets thought. Right? Right. So it's You know. Again, How does the helmet interpret? Is it similar to like a neural link setup? Have you seen the new video of the second neural link patient? I, I have not. Is this video of him playing Counterstrike, is it Counterstrike or is it, is that it? So Counterstrike, which is a very popular online 3D game, and this guy who does not have use of his body has this Neuralink implant. He's the second Neuralink patient. And apparently with each iteration it gets more and more sophisticated and, and better.


So this is a, from this person's point of view, he's playing this video game entirely with his mind. So He's better than I can with my, with my hands. Well, better than anybody can. Who has the first guy, who the first Neuralink patient we had him on, and he said essentially it's like having an aim bot because you, you don't miss you look at the thing you're trying to shoot at and instantaneously your crosshairs go there. Wow. Yeah. So he's, all this stuff is taking place entirely. This is all him doing this entirely with his mind. But is Is that right? So if we can do that now, right. Right. Is it really that far of a stretch? It's not to think that You know someone who's a little more advanced than us.


Right. Our friends from out of town realize that's the way to do it, that's more efficient. Right. Right. The speed of the processing of the brain, the processes of the brain is much faster. It takes us longer to then have to mechanically use our hands of course, and manipulate and do things. This is almost not quite, but almost instantaneous. You don't have that lag. Right, Right. Of course. And so that would certainly make sense. You know, modern warfare not the game, but actual modern warfare is beginning to turn to that. And we're using AI and all these other augmentation to enhance performance. And so I, I don't think that's out of the realm of, of possibility. No, certainly not. I mean, just go from garage door openers to You know 500, 600 years ago Right.


To today. And then cell phones, the ability to send video across the world instantaneously. All all the sophisticated stuff that we've just completely take for granted. Right. Because it's become a normal part of our everyday life That that's You know. I used to, I used to give a briefing to some folks, I'm so glad you mentioned this because it's, this goes back to the whole stigma and taboo issue. I used to have a slideshow and I still, still have it somewhere. and I would, I would discuss the word the, the Latin word prefix of para PARA and it means above or beside. And so what I would do is show up, I would say the word parachute. And I'd ask people, what do you think of when you hear the word parachute? And people would describe obviously something that deploys over your head.


And hopefully you hit the ground with a, with a thump and not a thud. Right? But something that's normal we use every day. And then I say, what about the word paramedic? And then people would look at it and say, well, I think of a first responder. Someone goes, some You know some sort of medical lifesaver that's gonna gonna be there for your benefit. And then I say the word, when I say the word paranormal, what do you think? And people will stop for a second. Maybe they kind of give you a little slice, smile. And you'll say, what do you mean I said, what do you mean? I mean that paranormal, the, the only reason why you're reacting the way you are, because you've been conditioned that the word paranormal is is cookie stuff. Cookie stuff. When in reality, in science, by definition, everything is paranormal until it becomes normal.


The cell phone that I use every day 50 years ago, absolutely paranormal. And so I would go through this exercise of things that were once considered paranormal. For example, when the Inca first saw the Spaniards coming from the, the re conquering, they saw them on the shores of the beach and they saw these, these humans in armor riding on a horse. And they assumed, because they'd never seen a horse before, they assumed it was a single entity. It was a single monster. Mm. And that for them was paranormal. They didn't understand it was actually a human riding on a horse with, you know, metal skin. Same thing with acupuncture. I remember a time when I was growing up as a kid, people thought eastern medicine, acupuncture was nonsense. Well, now at the Veterans Administration, the va, for some of my guys in combat, they actually prescribe acupuncture as therapy.


It's not paranormal. Right. And so there's all these examples in history where we think something is kooky and weird when in reality it's not. It's just we don't understand it yet. And we have done such a good job of stigmatizing this conversation that the moment you even say the word paranormal, or you say the word UFO or anything like that, people are conditioned without even thinking about. It's reflexive to react a certain way. And we have to first deprogram ourselves first A little bit before we can start moving forward. Okay. Let's, how do we de de-stigmatize this conversation? Well, first of all, what's kooky You know what, what, what do you think is kooky about something that's in our airspace, that's performing in ways that we can't replicate?


You know that people say, well, You know, we wait a minute. We spend millions, if not billions of dollars putting a probe on Mars to try to find microbial life. And by the way, it looks like that might happen. That looks like there, there actually may be some evidence to suggest that we spend lots of money trying to find techno signatures of intelligent life radio signatures in our own Milky Way. Right? Well, is it possible within the four and a half billion years our planet's been here that maybe intelligent life maybe found us first? Is it possible Could be You know, we, we, we have to stop putting these, these limitations. Joe, when I was, when I was in the medical program, when I was learning to be microbio, microbiology and immunology in college, we learned from our professor that homo sapien sapien as a modern species has been around roughly between 100,000 to 200,000 years.


Now, I'm not an expert, but that's, that's what they say. It was only the Greeks 2000 years ago that introduced the idea that there's only two types of life forms on this planet. And either you are either A, a plant, or B, you're an animal. And it wasn't the last 300 years. So if you look at a 24 hour clock, roughly the last five minutes in the 24 hours towards midnight, we discovered another form of life that is neither plant nor animal that's been here with us on this planet. And that is the world of fungus. During the Renaissance and the days of Newton, we discovered that There was this other life form we've been sharing all along. And we, so we pat ourselves on the shoulder. And it wasn't the last 120 years, think about it, the last 10 seconds of our existence on this planet, so to speak, in a 24 hour clock as modern species, we actually discovered the true dominant life form on this planet.


And in fact, if you take all the biomass of every planet and the biomass of every animal and the biomass of every fungus and add it all up together, it still will not equal the biomass of this hidden kingdom of life that's actually the dominant life form on this planet. And that wasn't until We were able to curve glass and look through a little steel tube. And famously shout Little Beasties, little beasties. Did we discover the world of microorganisms that yes, live inside of you and yes, live on the skin of the ISS space station. Yes. Live miles underneath the Arctic ice. Right. That is the true dominant life form on this planet. And it always has been. And it wasn't in the last, until the last 120 years, we discovered that. So is it possible that there's something else that is just as normal to this world?


Is it possible? Well, the answer is a resounding yes, of course it's possible. 'cause we're always discovering new, new, new, new ways life can exist. When I was growing up as a kid, I was told absolutely. As a matter of fact, all life form is derived from photosynthesis. Ultimately, when you go all the way down, it turns out that's not true. It wasn't until we discovered the, in the deepest, deepest depths of our oceans or these things called black smokers, we discovered there are creatures that thrive with no light and they thrive off of something called chemosynthesis. A completely different way to metabolize energy, to sustain life. Right? So every time we put mother nature in a little box, she always finds a way to wiggle her way out.


and I think that's important when having this conversation. Because if there's one thing we know as human beings, we're usually wrong at first. Well, we exist and we do send things to other planets. We do send things into space. It only makes sense that something far more intelligent than us that would be doing that. And if they did, they'd probably watch an emerging civilization, which is essentially what we are right in, in, like you said, 200,000 years, which is nothing. The existence of homo homo sapiens. They've gone from things that use stones and flint map to things that can fly things through the air.


I mean, if you look at Orville Wright and Wilbur Wright, when they flew the first airplane, you go from that to the Apollo 11 launch. That's only like what, 50 years? That's right. Something crazy like that. That's right. That's nuts. Right? And you just take that and everything moves exponentially. You take that and you would imagine a civilization that's been around 10,000 years longer than us, a hundred thousand years longer, a million years longer than us. Something that doesn't exist in how about A hundred years? We have evolved more in the last 150 years than we have in the last 150,000 years. Sure. Yeah. And so You know. And then you have the other, other, for me, I find You know when people say, well, the, the space is so huge and, and You know, is it possible that things are coming from outer space?


My, my response has always been the same. Look, I I don't know where they're from. I, I just know that they're here. And, and could they be from outer space? Sure. They can be from inner space or even the space in between. And, and I say that because the universe is far more complex than, than we give it credit for every time. You know, There was a time we had Newtonian physics. We thought There was a solution. Then all, all of a sudden Einstein comes along and we realize that wait, space and time are actually connected, and then everything's relative. And all of a sudden now you have quantum mechanics, which is You know this spooky action at a distance, right? Where the whole universe is behaving in a way that it shouldn't. And yet that looks like the real way the universe works. I I often tell people we are, as humans, we, we have five, only five fundamental senses that we can base our reality upon.


And if you can't touch it, taste it here, it, smell it, et cetera, we can't interact with it. And so where I live in Wyoming, we have these beautiful night skies, kind of kinda like you have here in your, in your studio here, 300 days of occluded night skies. And as beautiful as those night skies are, if you were to look at that same portion of the night sky through a radio telescope, you would see a whole different reality around you. You'd see nebula and you'd see things in different spectra that we can't pick up. You pick an ultraviolet and infrared. So you would see a whole different reality, just like our cell phones, right? if you could see in cell phone vision and see in wifi and 5G and GPS, you would interact with your environment completely different, right? 'cause you would see reality. So we can only interact with a very small sliver of the reality that we can perceive because we're humans.


But most of reality is actually beyond that. And then of course, you have scalability issues. The universe is, is is immensely huge. And what scientists are now saying, if you look in any direction, you can see roughly within the visible, let me emphasize visible horizon of our universe is about 13.9 billion light years plus or minus. So that means in any direction I can see 13.9 billion light years with the right equipment. What's a light year? Well, it's, its fast. Light can travel in a year. Well, light travels pretty fast. In fact, it travels at 186,000 miles per second. So seven and a half times around our planet in one second. So imagine how far you can go in a year now, multiply that by 13.9 billion and that by scientists estimation.


So that if the universe end to end of our visible, we're stuck in the middle, is roughly 27 billion light years. Scientists are now saying that's only possibly only 10% of the known universe because the universe is so big and so vast and so far light will never have time to reach earth. So that's, that's a hundred at, at a minimum, 100 billion light years. Right? And so we are this little speck in the middle. And as, as, as crazy as that is to, to even try to conceive, if you compare one atom inside the hill, one hydrogen atom avogadro's number, right? One times 10 to the negative umpteen all the way down. It is roughly the same level of scale as we are to the universe.


Meaning that atom is the size of a human as we are the size of the universe, as we are a human to the size of the universe. So there is this, and we as humans can only interact plus or minus with one order of magnitude up or down. Otherwise, the universe is simply too big or too small. Meaning most of the universe and reality lies in those scales. We, we live in this little tiny, tiny sliver. And so You hurt my head. Well, yeah. We live in a tiny sliver. Yeah. And the idea that we're alone, I think is preposterous. I really do. and I and I know people, they constantly chime in with this. Where's the evidence of, you know, Elon's famously said, if they aliens are real, they're very subtle.


I don't know why he says that though. I think, I think he probably says that. 'cause he doesn't wanna sound like a kook while he is working with NASA and SpaceX. You know. I'd probably say some stuff like that too. Well, let me ask you this. As human beings, right? How many times do we fly over the Serengeti in a, in a helicopter, right? And let's say you wanna monitor the health of a particular You, know a herd of elephants, right? Right. And so what happens, or wilder, besst, we fly over, we pick one, we we shoot it with a tranquilizer, it falls asleep. We go down, we do some tests, pull its blood. Now think about it from the perspective of the wildebeests, right? It wakes up, kind of meanders over to the watering hole and says, bill, you're not gonna believe this man, but right. Something outta the sky came down and all of a sudden they were touching me and You know I woke up and my butt hurt.


Right? What the hell was that? Right? To this day, even in China, when We were into a zoo, right? And we have the panda bear exhibits, what do we do? We put, so we don't disrupt the pandas, we wear panda suits. Now it sounds silly, but you can actually get online and see zookeepers wearing panda suits because they don't want to, they want to interfere as least as possible with the natural flora and fauna there inside the exhibit. Right? Plants and animals. Do think then, could you, was it, was it reasonable to theorize that there's aliens amongst us When you say, well, two things. So I, I don't wanna be evasive. Let me, but I also wanna be very specific when we say aliens, and then we also are, are we, are we saying something from another planner?


Or are we, we saying non-human saying Non-human intelligence that looks like us Okay. Moves around with us. So is it possible? Well, we're doing it already with the panda bear, right? So, you know, I don't, it's not that we, we Do it all the time. So doing strategy, that'd be very simple. Sure. And especially if you have the technology now as far as The panda bear. Yeah, there you go. Right. Carrying little baby pandas. Exactly right. Yeah. It's, boy, those are shitty panda bear outfits too. They're Fucking terrible looking. They're pretty terrifying. Aren't they? Actually, like, Put that in front of my dog, he's gonna bark if like a dude, a dog costume. He'll be like, Uhuh, that ain't a fucking dog. Yeah, well he has a wild panda bear. Not, no, that dude's not a panda bear. That's crazy. See That?


He's a panda terrorist. That Looks like a fucking alien. Like if it was really dark out and that guy grabbed you and and zapped you with a tranquilizer, you'd have an alien story. But Yeah, my point is that we, we always You know, use camouflage, right? For obvious reasons. We do it in the military, right? Sure, sure. I mean, camouflage, camouflage uniform. I stealth aircraft You know for camouflage. Sure. You do it when you go hunting. Absolutely. I do. Absolutely. So, so it's not, it's not a stretch of the imagination to suggest anything coming here that doesn't wanna provoke us. Probably wants to blend in. Now, of course. Do I have any type of empirical evidence to suggest that they're living among us? I don't what I can say definitively that whatever it is, it's here. And, and by the way, you already have very senior people in our government that have said it.


It's here, whatever it is. Right? But these things could also be from under the water. These things could be something that is as natural to earth as the little beasties were right. When we first discovered them. Maybe. Maybe they've been here all along. Right? Right. So The, the, the ocean is largely undiscovered. One of the things that people need to understand is that most of the exploration of the ocean is really essentially around the outside edges. That's right. It's around the shores Less than 10%. So, which Is nuts. A buddy of mine who is up 90% of the ocean. That's right. Like what? We know more about the moon than the bottom of our own ocean. And so that's so crazy. Yeah. That's Fact. And these underwater crafts, like this enormous one that apparently was near this oil rig, how many of them have been, has there been more than one of those videos?


So let me tell you what I can say from open source. Okay? Yeah. Okay. And then I'll tell you about a conversation I had without attribution. 'cause I don't want, don't wanna get in trouble. Everybody's, well, I say everybody, a lot of people are familiar with the Air Force program called the Fast Walker Program, which is a program that was started by the Air Force. Among other things was to detect UFOs. That's a fact. To actually, that's, that was part of their mission. Okay. To detect a lot of things. Adversarial technology. But UFOs was one of 'em. It was called the Fast Walker program. There was some information that was released publicly about a similar program. The Navy has, I I, I can't talk about it 'cause I I don't have approval to talk about it.


But obviously they're interested because they have equities underwater. They're interested if there's anything underwater that can perform beyond anything we have. and I remember speaking to one individual who pulled me aside very privately, and he said, Lou We, were tracking this thing doing, and I won't say the exact speed, but hundreds and hundreds of knots underwater. And it was bigger than our own submarine. Right. And You know how bigger our submarines are right there. Huge. Yeah. and I asked him naively, I I just kinda came out, well, what do you do when you encounter that? And he just said, very honestly, he said, we go around just like that. We go around. Have there been interactions with these things?


I I, I would not at liberty to discuss any details about that. Right. That's not for me to discuss You know, I, you And I gotta get drunk. I'm a lightweight You know I gotta get you drunk. Let's Go have some whiskey, find out what the fuck is up. So this thing is bigger than the sub. And they, they followed it for hundreds of miles. Let me give you another a, a a great, great event that occurred. Okay? And I'll talk about this because it's not classified. Okay. The portions that might be I don't know about. So you shouldn be fine. There's an individual who I'm aware of who was a helo pilot, a helicopter pilot back in the late nineties in the Caribbean.


And they were doing missile recovery. So what happened is that the Navy would test fire missiles and then they kind of run outta fuel. They hit the water and they sink that a predetermined time. They, they popped to the surface, we grab it with a helicopter, bring it back to shore, and we, we test it for telemetry and make sure that the You know this cruise missile was doing what it was supposed to do. So they're out there in the helicopter Frogman hanging down the line. You got the helo pilot, you got the crew chief and a and a other pi, the co-pilot looking all down into bubble. And as they're about to grab this, this cruise missile outta the ocean, something huge and round, and what was described to me as black as the devil starts to rise to the surface, the water begins to churn.


Very much like David Ferber's description of the tic-tac incident and the roiling water. The frog man is so freaked out, he's literally trying to climb the line back up. He's like total panic at the disco, right? Yeah. And the helicopter's, like, do we do like an emergency ascent? What the hell's going on here? And right as this thing is about, and by the way, it's the size of a small island and round right? As this thing is about to break the surface, it sucks the missile down and disappears. Jesus Christ. And that was Yeah. And Dave Fravor could probably tell you that story a little better than I can Fuck. But when you compare that to other things, you gotta say, Hmm. Imagine Being that guy hanging from that line. No, no, thank you. We call that bait.


Yeah. But it didn't do anything to him. Nope. I would've loved that experience. Yeah. So that was, that was one of the anecdotes that was revealed to us by one of the, God, imagine, who's that Seal Navy helicopter pilots? Who's, who's that guy that was hanging from the east? The was A seal? I, I, I don't know. I only know the Pilot, bro. Come, come talk to me. Please, sir. I only know the pilot. We'll put you in a fucking panda outfit. Well, Wolf disguise your voice. Tell me what the fuck you saw. I want to hear that story. Oh my god, small island. Yep. Black is the devil and a small island and round. Yeah. Submarines look like this. Right? They're not Round. Right. Right. So yeah. So that was, that was one of the anecdotes that was shared with us.


You know, obviously Puerto Rico with the other, there's been some UAPs that have been recorded off there. Everybody knows about aia, the AIA incident. I don't know about it. Oh, I'm sure you do. I, you know, I tell me, wow. Trust Me. So you can look it up online. There's a video taken by a DHS helicopter of a very interesting object. At first it appears to be like a, perhaps a balloon, but then it does all sorts of weird stuff. And as you're tracking it, it enters the water without making a splash. You can track it underwater, then it comes up and splits into two. And it's called, and it's been analyzed over and over again by a lot of experts. It's called the AIA incident. Maybe I have seen this. Is it kind of blurry looking night Vision? There we go.


That's it. Oh wow. And so keep watching that. and I'll tell you a little story about this. This is a customs and border protection release. This, How fast is this thing going? Well, so if you look here, they're looking at this through a, a form of night vision. I don't know the exact velocity all that is available, but if you keep watching this, something interesting happens. So here it goes. You're gonna see this thing, enter the water here, there it goes under water, and then it pops back up and splits into two, keep the, they're tracking it, see no waves, no wake, and then it surfaces and then does something pretty, pretty interesting here. So keep Watching. So it's going high speed through the water underwater. That's underwater. Then it breaks the surface of the water.


Again, keep watching boom, underwater over water, boom, underwater outta water. And then you'll see it split into two. So I didn't See it split into two. Did You see it? if you watch the rest of the video, the video, there it is. Oh, there it is. Okay. Yeah, the video's actually really long. But that's just one example. you know, this is, these are, you can see all these videos. They're, they're, they're prevalent. They're everywhere. You see the, the eight, the aircraft on the bottom right, you see the UAP on top that's tracking it. Yeah. Yeah. No wings, no control surfaces. And it, it keeps up with the A 10 and does all sorts of interesting maneuvers. Right. So that's an a 10 wart hog And this thing's just following it.


Yep. Like it's nothing. Do you think they're trying to let people see them? Like if you had a guess You know, I, I, I don't know. I mean, could it be a demonstration of capabilities? We do that right? Every time a a Russian surveillance aircraft comes by, we launch two F 20 twos and we get real close to it and say, Hey, you know? Right. Be careful. But, but not even from a military perspective. Like if a civilization was trying to alert another civilization about its presence, wouldn't it like go towards whatever military vehicles it has and and show itself. And then I would imagine that if they understand human beings, they understand our psychology and they understand that some giant size of an island, black as the devil, circular craft that lands next to the Pentagon would fucking end the world.


We would freak out. No one would know what to do. It would, that would be stock market crash mass chaos. No one would know what to do. The way to introduce yourself, I would imagine would be gradual over a long period of time to allow this, this civilization to accept the fact these things exist and then slowly but surely show versions of themselves. Yeah. We call that sensit sensitization. You sensitize, right. The population or environment. But You know, the counter argument to that is that's a very human thing, right? We have, as humans, we, we always, it's, it's almost innate. We look at everything through anthropomorphic eyes. We, we look at You know our, our, our pet dogs and, and we give them human names and we do things like that because we assign human value to things and because we have intentions and motivations.


But most of nature isn't that way. Like for example, when a shark bites a surfer, he's not wanting to hurt the surfer. He's just hungry. The shark's hungry. I don't care if you're a sealer, whatever, You know. I don't wanna, I'm not trying to inflict pain. I'm just wanna feed my belly. Intent. And motivation is a very human thing. And we have to, we have to, I don't wanna say resist the urge because it's almost impossible to do it. But we have to recognize that there are, there are things that may exist that aren't, don't have human motivation meaning Right. Maybe they don't care about sensitizing us. Maybe they do, but maybe it's like a, like a computer. Right? Maybe it's binary. Maybe there's some sort of binary thought process. Just information in and, and information out. So that's the one, one of the aspects I've always been very careful with is to assign human traits to something that is very likely not human.


Right. But would you have to assign human traits to it? Or would you have, if you, you could look at it from the perspective of these things are aware of our psychology, they're aware of how we function and they're aware of the fragility of our worldview. No Good point. And that you don't have to have human intention to have a strategy for doing the least amount of harm to this emerging civilization. Touche. In fact, there's examples of that. Let me reinforce your point because there's examples of that. My background being science in nature. You know when Lionesses stock, the zebras You know they get very low into the grass. They don't want to be seen. Right. They're not motivated necessarily.


Right. 'cause they don't wanna spook the herd. But they they do it. It's, it's, it's a, it's almost instinctual, right? Its, it's part of their DNA part of their wiring to have a low profile, low observability and to get closer to their target, whether it's pre or anything else. So you're right, that mean there is, there are examples in nature that also can suggest that. So it's a very good point. Yeah. I mean it just makes sense that if it understands us, if it's Ober, look we understand the behavior characteristics of sloths. Right? Right. We, we study them, we know what they do. And It would just make sense that if they're studying us, they would understand our behavior characteristics. Like, I mean, the tiger recognizes the behavior characteristics of the zebra, doesn't it?


Right, exactly. It studies it and so it knows what it has to do to get close to the zebra. So Yeah, that's A very fair point. Yeah. There's no way they would come here with ignorance. Yeah. and I think also, it's very likely that what we are exists in many, many places in the universe and that what we are is what they used to be. So they probably understand what we are. Well, we do that in the Amazon, don't we? Yeah. And in, in a tribes, there's lost tribes that are remote. Right. Separated by outside human contact. We study them. Yes. We study them from afar, but we do the same thing. Yes. Yeah, no, no question. And obviously, if they are these super intelligent creatures, they evolve to become super intelligent creatures.


So there's probably some sort of universal process that takes place amongst all intelligent, creative life that has a lust for innovation. They consistently make better and better versions of these flying crafts until they figure out how to make this warp drive thing that these things apparently have. Another thing that's odd is that you see the same kind of things that Kenneth Arnold saw in 1950. You see the same kind of things today. It's almost like, you know, going somewhere in the 1950s and seeing a 55 Chevy, and then in 2024 seeing another 55 Chevy. They're still driving around in 55 Chevys. Like, what the fuck? Well, they do do that in Cuba.


Right. But that's just because they don't have access to other cars. They don't have a choice. Really good mechanics. That's your people. It is, it's my, I'm really resisting the urge of continuing to smoke this thing right now. Okay. I Feel terrible. Look it Up. Don't feel terrible. You feel Terrible with cigars. My wife is gonna gimme hell for this. 'cause I told her, I don't think there's anything wrong with cigars, man. Like I was saying before, I never heard of a single person dying from cigars. You don't inhale 'em, take A little bit of smoke in your mouth. It's pleasurable. It's nice. I would just think that that's what they would do, because that's what we would do. and I think that's what intelligent life would do. We recognized something that wasn't quite as intelligent as us. We don't rush into these You know remote tribes and vaccinate them.


Right. What, what do we do? we don't give them, but the, you know, the thing is like, they have done some things, like they gave starlink to this one tribe, and the kids all started watching porn. You you hear about that? I heard. Yeah. It became a real problem. Yeah. They're all lazy, hanging out on their phones all day, which makes sense. Yeah. It's like, that's what we do. Yeah. You know. Tribal leaders are not happy. You bring up a another very interesting point. Is there a natural glide slope or a natural evolution to evolution? Meaning any species that reaches a certain point, is there a natural progression of any intelligent species to progress to the point, like, 'cause all life is expansive, right? Life doesn't, contract life expands, whether it's bacterial life, whether it's animal life or human life.


It is, there are certain biological functions to procreate, multiply, and continue to expand. Right? Right. So is that a, is that a universal norm? That is, is, is that part of like fractals and geometry throughout the universe? Is that part of the blueprint of all life? Or is it only specific to life here on earth? And that's a great question because there's probably arguments to suggest that yeah, there probably is a natural, there's a natural blueprint for physics in the universe there. Probably, since life has to abide by physics, probably a natural, potentially natural blueprint for the evolution of all life, whether again, bacterial or, or animal or human or anything else, non-human, It makes sense.


It makes sense that everything moves into greater levels of complexity from single celled organisms to human beings that pilot drones. Yeah. I mean, it just keeps going in the, in the same general direction, observably here. And if the universe is infinite, that means there's infinite versions of what we're seeing here with us. Yeah. That exists throughout the cosmos and probably in infinite steps along the way. Right, right. A hundred years from now. A thousand years from now. Yeah. Well, not to make light of it, but I'll tell you recently, I, so I've, I've learned over the years, it's, it's, there's nothing more expensive than a, than a cheap lawyer. So I've got a, a couple good lawyers that I, that I work with on just contractual stuff. And one of 'em is named Ivan Nel.


I call him the bull. And I've learned to appreciate the Shout out to Ivan, The shout out to Ivan, the infinite complexity of law and legal. Right? Oh, very. So, right. So if, if there is this natural progression as we're talking about life, I mean, we even see it in our, in our own human interactions, right? This, this, this intricate complexity of how things work and how even in, in the way we behave with each other socially. You look at a, when I was in the, in the government, you could look at a terrorist link analysis. And that link analysis still follows those fractal patterns. That the patterns in our, our, our lungs, the patterns of lightning, the patterns of super melin clouds and galaxies, super clusters of galaxies all have that same pattern.


And it's not just a physical pattern, it's a social pattern. Right. And so, again, I, not to make joke of it, but I You know I'm learning that it's, it's beyond, these patterns are beyond just physical patterns. You know, You know, even in something as, as, as, as silly but fundamental as law, there are these patterns that continue to spin off and, and whatnot. So yeah, I can appreciate that. I think, I think we're at a point now as a species where we probably should be having these conversations. And I'll also say this, Joe, there are parts of this conversation. I don't feel the government has any place. There is definitely a national security conversation here. But the conversation we're having as, as you can tell, is far beyond national security.


Right? We're talking philosophical, psychological, sociological, theological implications that I'm not sure I want my government necessarily dictating for me. What you shouldn think about this. Well, the government's supposed to be working for us ultimately, and they're supposed to be us You know. And the problem is when you have access to information that's above and beyond the normal person's realm that could affect everyone on this planet, this understanding that we are not alone. But not only that, we're probably not even alone here. It's not even that something is visiting us. Something's probably here all the time. You know. And this is the main thought about these underwater vehicles. Well, life is abundant on this planet, isn't it? Yeah. And it's, and it thrives in places that we thought life could never thrive before.


It's, it's everywhere. It's almost seems like a natural function. if you have certain situations and circumstances on a, on a rock somewhere, then life pops up. It seems like if we can actually find it on Mars, and they're, like you were saying before, they may have found some sort of an evidence of microbiological life. If we find it on Mars and we find it somewhere, they think maybe Europa underneath the surface. That's right. That's right. And and Europa probably is powered by volcanic vents the same way, the bottom, bottom bar ocean is that there might be some sort of life Form there, chemosynthesis not photosynthesis. So, and this is just what we know about here.


you know, imagine all the different potential realities in terms of what a planet's atmosphere could be. Like You know, you're dealing with larger planets that have more gravity. You're dealing with different kinds of temperature variations. Look at Titan, it's got a meth, it's methane. And by the way, that's organic chemistry. Right. It's, it's got methane clouds. Right, right, right. So there are things that thrive in these types of environments. Maybe They have cow farts up there too. Yeah. Maybe there too many. But yeah, I mean you're, you're, you're absolutely correct. Yeah. I think we have, again, this goes back to the original point of every time we try to put mother nature in a box, she always finds a way to wiggle her way out of it. Right. And prove us wrong.


If the one thing we're right about is that we're always wrong. Right. How much, whatever, I don't know if you could talk about this, but how much of an effort is there to try to detect things under the surface of the ocean? I would defer that to the United States Navy and maybe Noah, not oceanographic. Tric. Yeah. No, no. Yeah. Not the biblical Noah. Oh, Jesus. Yeah. No, no. I mean, Noah meaning it goes that far Back. National oceanographic and, and atmospheric. Speaking of going that far back, I mean, how much of, I gotta think that when people are delving into the stuff, they, they look at ancient scriptures and ancient, these different depictions of things, whether it's the Ana's in the, in the Hindu texts and whether it's the, in the Bava Gita, there's all these different stories of, in Ezekiel in the Bible, there's things Yeah.


That seem to, if I was a person living thousands of years ago and I encountered a flying saucer or encountered some spaceship from another planet, I would probably describe it in a way that they're describing it. Yeah. I mean, I mean Like, just like sort of the, the Aztecs Described today's magic on horses today is tomorrow's technology. Right? Right. So I can tell you, when I went to Italy, I spoke to one of the senior, I think it was Monsignor, one of the Senior Vatican academics. And he said to me, he says, look, the Vatican doesn't have problem with this topic. This is something, in fact, in the six up until the 16 hundreds, it was heretical to presume or assume that mankind was the only, if you will, incarnation of God, representation of God.


It was actually 'cause. But in essence, you're putting limitations on the dominion of what God can and can't do. Right. And there are these, the scrolls, in fact, that are in the Vatican archives that discuss, it's a conversation between a, a Roman soldier and a Roman general where they describe, there's something called pus. Pus in Latin means like sun eclipse. Right. It's the shape of the Roman shield. And they talked about these flaming Roman shields in the sky that would follow them from battle space to battle space. And, and, and Mr. Jacque Vallee could probably expound much more upon that than I can. But this was just a brief conversation I had with, with someone there. V Jack is very slippery. He is, he very Slippery.


He, he don't commit to anything. Oh, well, he lives hit you sideways and Yeah, he You know he's, he did a lot of, lot of good stuff. Oh. yeah. And He's a incredibly smart guy. Great, great researcher of just phenomenal You know big Brain. Well, he's the reason that guy in close encounters of the third kind, the guy, he's the inspiration for the French guy. I heard that. Yeah. I never had the guts to ask him. I figured he probably, I'm sure gets tired of that being heard that I'm, it's, and I mean When you're talking to him, you're like, oh, that's the guy. But You know, there's, there's, there's a lot of, and when you look at what the Vatican is, I mean really it's probably the world's oldest, most capable intelligence organization because they have priests around the world that people will report miracles to. Right. And or confessions to.


And eventually that gets filtered up to the Vatican. So, you know, talk about You know the world's first CIA and KGB. It was the, it was the Vatican baby. Those guys had a, had it going on. And so no wonder they have all this archival, excuse me, archival information and some of it relates to UAP. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. It only makes sense that these things, if they're here now, they've probably been visiting us since back when We were on horseback. Yeah. And probably quite a bit before then. And maybe that's the scariest thing for people. They might be responsible for us being humans in the first place. Well, you remember the stories, right? Of even Christopher Columbus coming over to the New World. There were some interesting accounts when they were on the water of potentially some sort of UAP interaction.


I did Not know that. Yeah, you can look it up online. This is all open source, but you can look, type it up. And there There was some very interesting accounts. And even, you know, old, old, old sailor accounts You know of, of, you know, people say, well, you know, old sailors also talked about, you know, big giant crack and, and stuff like that. But There was always an element of truth to it. Now we realize there are giant squid of the Pacific. Right. Well, not only that, Krakens, they think likely did exist. Yeah. Well they, Because octopus, when they rot, they don't leave anything. But they did find fossilized suction cups from, They still do. It's called the Great Squid of the Pacific. We find it. Yeah. That that for sure. But they think maybe, perhaps even an enormous octopus. Yeah. So that probably actually did go after boats.


You know, we call, we, we, we called them sea monsters back then, but really, You know, we, we laugh about it now, but turns out there are sea monsters. There was called Great white Sharks. And Mega You know that's a fucking sea monster, You know? Right. You know that Was a real thing. A great white shark is now, I mean, absolutely. Go swimming with a great white shark and tell me that's not a monster. Right. Exactly. So You know, it's, we just realize though, it's just part of nature. It's part of our existing paradigm. Right. Tigers are monsters. Right. Absolutely. Exactly. you know, especially at night when you don't have a flashlight, that thing behind the bush, that's a monster. Right. You know. So did you find anything on the Columbus stuff? The only thing I'm seeing is from an ancient aliens episode. No, There's You know it's legit. I saw A crash, something crash into the water, but I I can't find the Yeah.


There was some reports of some interesting lights that the crew had reported, and it was actually, he put it down in his log book. Something about some interest. Now some folks will come back and say, well, that's St. Elmo's fire. Which absolutely could be You Know what is Saint Elmo's fire? Exactly. St. Elmo's fire is a static charge. It, it occurs on the wing tips of aircraft. Even the old sailors would report it in certain environmental conditions. There was this weird greenish blue plasma glow that will often sometimes be seen on the tips of wing tips on aircraft. You could, it's actually, there's some really good pictures of it online. And even on the old Mariner ships up towards the sails and the mast, and they believe it's, it's, it has to do with a static charge.


And under certain environments it creates this, this energized plasma and you can see it. And so is That similar to like Ball Lightning? Well, it could be. Here you go. So, and they call it St. Elmos Fire. Wow. See, That's fucking badass. Yeah. And so that's whoa. Yeah. It's either around the cockpit of the aircraft. Whoa. And by the way, you see the patterns, it's fractal. Right. Look at that ship. So very, very interesting how St. Elmo's Fire You know can cause some people to You know, perhaps see things and say it's, it's, well Also they might be seeing that. Yeah, They might. Right. But there there is some accounts of, of ancient Mariners who, who report strange, bizarre things.


Yeah. Again, it makes sense. That was one of the more weird parts of Bob Lazars story, was that they've always been here and that they, they view us as containers. Containers. Interesting. Yeah. Those, and he said there's a very thick document that relays to the, the implications that it has on religion and like what, what they, the way they talk about us. Well, Religion calls us vessels, right? Yeah. It's religious Scripture in, in a lot of different religions refer to humans as, as vessels You know. I'm certainly not a religious expert. So I You know, I don't wanna pontificate here and, and say something that's inaccurate.


But you know, that, that doesn't surprise me. Well, I think that the term was, I think there were saying vessels for souls. But if you imagine that it being transcends its physical limitations of biological reality. Right. So the biological evolution that led us to become homo sapiens over the course of You know X amount of millions of years. That's a very slow process. But technological innovation and technological progress is very quick. Very quick. Especially when you add in artificial intelligence. Exponential. That's right. Yeah. So if something comes along that is a life form that exists outside of biology, like something that we create, which it seems like we're doing right now.


Like Ai. Right, right. When does that become sentient? Right now? Is that a life form? You know, not biological. Maybe that thing in order for it to ever occur, maybe that thing needs a thing with a soul, that has a creative desire, that has a, a lust for innovation and continues to make better and better things. And maybe that thing only exists in biology. And maybe the problem with artificial life is that it has no motivation and that we have, especially if it's self programmable. Right. So one of the very bizarre things that was recently discovered about artificial intelligence, they gave artificial intelligence a certain amount of time to, to code something, to figure something out.


And when it didn't have enough time, it changed its code to give itself more time. Fascinating. Yeah. Like what, it's fascinating. What the fuck are you talking about? Yeah. It, it is deciding that it doesn't like its limitations. So it won't have any of the biological motivation we have. Right. It won't have ego, it won't have materialism, it won't have a desire for status. It won't have all the things that lead us to do some of the horrible things that human beings do. I could not agree more. And also some of the great things that human beings do. Yeah. But maybe it also doesn't have any desire to create, and maybe the only way for its kind of life to exist is for a human being, a biological thing that's super intelligent in comparison to the rest of the animals on this planet that innovates to the point where it creates this artificial life.


I'm, I'm gonna share something very, very personal with you. and I know, when I say with you, I know it's with everybody else, but You know, I, Part of my struggle is I can't, I can't urge the government to be transparent and I'm not transparent myself. Right. It's, it's hypocritical. So let me share with you a very personal story. 'cause you bring something up that I think is fascinating. I'm a human being, but if for whatever reason I get into a car accident and I lose an arm, I'm, I'm still Lou Elizondo. Right? In fact, if I lose my legs and all my arms, I'm still Lou. So my body doesn't define who I am and my intellect. Right? If I suffer a traumatic brain injury, let's say I'm in Afghanistan and a TBI and my, my, my brain is compromise.


I'm still Lou. And so, so what makes Lou, or what makes Joe, Joe? Well, it's not, not your physical self and, and probably not even your intellectual self. My, my mother, I was very close to my mother. My mother was, was, was incredible human being. And I'll share this story with you and take away with it what you want. I was very young, maybe two, two and a half, three years old. and I remember watching a show with my mother, one of my very first memories. And in this TV show, I don't remember what show it was, but I remember that a shark had eaten a dog. and I was shocked. My first understanding that what death was. and I looked at my mom, I said, mom, what just happened?


And she said, well, son, the shark ate the dog. I said, what does that mean? She says, well, the dog's not coming back. The dog died. I said, well, does everything die? She said, well, yes son, everything dies. I said, well, mom, you're not, you're not gonna die. You're mom. Right? You gave me life. She said, no, son, one day I'm gonna die. and I remember spending from that day forward, Scott is my witness. I spent every single day of my life knowing one day my mother was going to die. And it terrified me. I was very, very close with her. And one day that day came, my mother was diagnosed with cancer and she started, her body started failing.


And despite the best efforts, she, we knew she wasn't gonna make it. And you know, when you love somebody, sometimes it doesn't sound right, but sometimes you deceive them. You know. They wanna know, they were in a, in a bad state, physically and mentally to say, You know, am I gonna make it? And you say, yeah, of course you're gonna make it right. Knowing full well that there's probably not a good chance you're gonna make it. And so We, were in the hospital and my mother had at this point been in probably a state of coma for about a week. And it was just me, my wife, and a couple members of the family. Very, very sad moment.


And my mother began this process of death called You. know when someone's gonna die, there's something called a death rattle. And it's when the mucus begins in the back of the throat to, to congeal. And it makes breathing. It, it can be very unnerving for the people who have to witness this. It's very, very common. It's called a death rattle. It's the body beginning to shut down. and I knew something told me, my mom, my mom was gonna go very quickly within the next 30 seconds to a minute. So long story short, my mother's body was at that point, it was a husk, an empty husk. It was broken. Her brain had shut down.


And yet the very moment she passed away, within five seconds, I knew it There was just something weird. Something reached and said, this is it. She's going. And I reached over the bed and I looked at my mom. Her eyes all of a sudden opened up and she looked right at me. And even though her brain had been compromised and wasn't working, her body was, was, was nothing anymore. And she was a beautiful woman. She was. She was. She was. She worked for Playboy. She was a beautiful lady at one time, a model. She was, her body resembled nothing of what she did. She looked at me and she passed. But we communicated.


and I knew There was something else at that moment. More to a human being. More than just a body, more than just a brain. There is something that is, that is beyond the physical and even intellectual part of what it means to be human. and I felt it. And everybody in the room felt that it was undeniable. You can call it a soul, an it, a cheat, whatever. I, I You know, you can put a label on it. I don't know what it's called. I don't know what it is. But I do know that was the essence of my mother. And the moment she passed, it was this weird feeling because as my mother laid there, dead in the bed, It wasn't my mother anymore.


That essence, whatever made my mother, my mother. And and you could see the light in her eyes. It was, it was like someone turning off a light switch. It was very, and I've been around death a lot. It never You know. It's a terrible, horrible thing, especially in warfare. But, but this was something, something visceral. This was something far more intimate. This was this cut to my soul and I could recognize it. And she recognized me and I recognized her even though that the brain functions were gone. So, so I guess my point is I absolutely believe there's something more to the human experience than simply a tangible body and, and a brain. and I and I witnessed this firsthand. Now people can say all sorts of stuff they want off. you know, I, I don't care.


You know. I got enough haters out there anyways. You know if they wanna think that I'm trying to You know hope that my mother has a soul. And she goes somewhere, I'm just telling you what I experienced and other people experienced too. And it was, it was proof for me at that moment that there's much more to, to us as, as as human beings. I had a very similar feeling when I went to my grandfather's funeral and I saw him in the casket. 'cause it was, it was, it was an open casket. and I knew he's gone. I'm like, that's not him. That's right. It's just a shelf. You and you can sense it. You Feel it. Yeah. It was a very strange feeling. Yeah. you know, and obviously he's wearing makeup 'cause they've got him in a suit and the whole deal.


But I was like, that is not my grandfather. Right. He's not there anymore. And it's not like you're trying to override this acknowledgement that they're dead You know they're dead. No. Yeah. It's just that whatever made that person, that person, it's not in the body anymore. Right. It's gone. There's a bizarre feeling that we have that you don't, I don't think there's words for it. Yeah, I I agree With you. It's a feeling. It is. And you can, and it's, again, it's not an intellectual or even a physical thing. Yeah. That the, the idea that we're containers for souls are just so goddamn creepy that this is a farm of souls.


I'm not familiar with that hypothesis, but it sounds interesting. Also scary, perhaps. Well, it's scary for us because, you know, but it, like you, you gotta wonder why we are so different than every other creature in that we have this insane, insatiable desire to change our environment, constantly build bigger skyscrapers and to move the earth. And we're, we're constantly inventing new technology. I mean, it seems to be an instinct that's a, a part of us and I agree, if this gradual progression of life is, life goes from intelligent biological life to super intelligent, whatever it is, whatever, whatever kind of technology creates it, that life is not as simple as this natural selection model that we have here that we think applies to life.


That li this is a type of life and then there's a life that this thing creates. Well, You know, evolution isn't just a physical thing, is it? Evolution is, is the ability to change with within one's environment over, over time. And that's a, that's a that's a fascinating concept you bring up because some speculate that it is inevitable that human beings will eventually evolve into something. We are just a, a link in a much longer chain. Right. And that all intelligent life potentially goes through this process. And that this is a natural process where eventually we actually make ourselves extinct. Not not in the way where we kill ourselves, right. But we wind up creating a life form, whether it's AI or we start enhancing ourselves with more and more machine interface and inter and, and you know, life doesn't have to necessarily be organic.


Right. You could have pot potentially. I mean, silicon is very, very close to carbon in some cases. So, you know, is it possible that, that life, it is, it is destiny for all life eventually to evolve itself out of existence and bring in or usher in a new type of life form. Yeah. Right. Is it possible? I, I mean certainly from a technological perspective, I mean, ask Elon Musk, it seems that we're You know, we're, we're making a lot of advancements right now to augment the human experience. And given, as you said to how technology progresses exponentially very quickly in the next 200 years. I mean, we might be there Is this sort of conversation being had in the government about what these things potentially are I not to my knowledge and I Sure.


Hope not. Because I don't think the government, this is a conversation, this is where I go back to, this is a conversation that involves a lot of people. You know, whether it's your, your priest or your rabbi or you're a mom, or it is your philosophy teacher at the university. I think, I think we're getting into an area now that is beyond national security. And I'm honestly, Joe, I'm not comfortable with my government taking that aspect on because frankly, I don't trust my government to manage what you shouldn think about something, tell me what is I'm okay with. Right. But don't tell me how to, to think about it. Don't tell me how to process with that You know. Because now you're, now you're overstepping your bounds.


And It's also other human beings. The government is just human beings. That's right. And human beings shouldn't have this insane knowledge and keep it from other human beings. Well, in fact, it's, it's not, it's illegal, especially in our democracy. They're su this type of stuff is supposed to be discussed with certain members of Congress and certain elements of the executive branch. And when somebody, I don't care if you're in the government or in a religion or anything like that, this goes to the, to the fundamental pillar of, of something that, that agrees me, which is corruption. Now, when I say corruption, let me, let me backtrack A little bit. My father recently died this, this last father's day, not this one, but the one before. And I had the privilege of, of knowing he was sick. And so we took a road trip down to Miami about a month and a half before he died.


And he never told me he was sick, but, but I knew something was, wasn't right. I knew my father for a long time and something wasn't right. He started losing weight and I could see he wasn't eating as much. And there were telltale signs and he didn't want to tell me. and I asked my father, almost, almost flippantly, I said, dad, I think We were probably somewhere by St. Louis. And I said, dad, what is the greatest threat to humanity? To humans? What is the greatest threat? Now I say flippantly 'cause I'm thinking You know terrorism. Right, right. This and that. My father thought for a second, he looks at me, he says, son, it's corruption. And I said, what do you mean corruption? Like, like, like financial corruption. Governmental corruption. He says, no corruption at its heart is when you are willing to bypass your own moral code, your own ethics for something else.


And whether it's it's financial corruption, religious corruption, governmental corruption, or even moral corruption, when you start to compromise on your own values, it's a very quick downward spiral to, to utter chaos. And I, he knowed that firsthand. 'cause my father was in the Bay of Pigs invasion. He was a, a political prisoner of Castro. He actually fought with Castro against Batista. And then when Castro went communist, my father joined the, the folks here and the friendly folks at the CIA and was part of the invasion of the Bay of Pigs. He spent two years in Castro's prisons being tortured. So when he came to this country, this country offered us opportunities that no other country could or would.


And the reason why Cuba failed was because of corruption. And he said, look, corruption will be the end of all. And, and if, if it's a very quick downward spiral with democracy, that if democracy becomes corrupt, you now have tyranny. Right? And so every time someone in the government is willing to compromise A little bit on the value of what it means to serve the American people, and they forget that they become corrupt. And that actually erodes the very essence of what democracy is and what this country is about. And that is why it is so important that the individuals in our government that don't want to have this conversation and don't want to talk to Congress and are making the unilateral decision on your behalf and the American taxpayer and my behalf, that's wrong.


They don't have the right to do that. There is a process of rules and laws we have in this country that we've all agreed to are gonna abide by. And that includes them. And they don't have the right to bypass that, even if they think they're doing it for the right reason. I disagree with that. I think, I think this democracy only works because we all agree it works. Right? And the moment you begin to compromise on that, all of democracy is at risk and I mean that sincerely. It, it, it's not a, it's not a, a slow downward spiral. It's quick and you can hit rock bottom very, very quickly. And the only reason why this government works is because we all have faith and, and a commitment to what we consider are the American values and, and, and serving the American people.


And You know for the people by the people. So I think it's very dangerous when, when elements in the government and I want, I don't wanna villainize the whole government. 'cause the government's full of great people. They do great things. They keep us safe. So I'm talking about the minority few. Some of these people who have actually gone after me will probably continue to come after me to try to discredit me and everything else despite the volumes of documentation that I have in my possession and others because they don't wanna have the conversation. And they, they, they are happy with the status quo. And to me that is a greater threat than any UAP could ever have on humanity. It's, it's the greatest threat is how we perceive ourselves and what we are willing to do to keep this a secret in violation of the commitment.


And, and, and what we have done to, we, we've sworn in some cases to uphold the values of this country. and I think that's a concern for me. And that's why I don't want certain elements having this conversation of what this means, You know the bigger macro level conversation because I don't think they're qualified. I'm not qualified. I know that. I'm damn sure they're not qualified either. So this is why I think this type of national level conversation is so important. At the end of the day, it's not up to me. People say, Lou, what do you think You know what the hell, what I think doesn't matter what I think what matters, what you think. Here's the information, here's the data. You figure it out. Don't ask me for what this means because I'm not entitled to that. I didn't, I didn't earn that privilege.


and I would definitely never take it away because that is, that is, that is sacred. That's you, that's up to you to decide for yourself. And this is, this is part of my frustration with this overall conversation because there are elements that don't want you to have this conver conversation. Well said. Lou, thank you very much man. Thanks for being here. I really enjoyed it, really enjoyed our conversation, Joe. This has been fantastic and truly, truly an honor and privilege. You have one hell of a responsibility. You are, you are. Look, I gotta tell you, I don't ever get nervous doing an interview. You are the first one and probably the only one I will ever have been nervous coming in. Just simply because, not because of me, because of you.


The responsibilities you have on your shoulders to have a communicate, you reach a global audience. People are listening to this conversation right now. And by the way, they're part of this conversation. Very much so. Right? That is an enormous responsibility. You have a voice in some cases that exceeds presidents. The technology you now have at available to your fingertips and, and this wonderful staff you have, you are influencing the world. and I can't imagine that type of responsibility. I mean, there are world leaders that don't have the voice you have. And so for me, it is a profound, profound honor and privilege to be with you here today.


And your, your, your wonderful audience. you know, if I never see you again, I, I wish you the best of luck. You are, you're doing America a great service. Be honest, be candid, speak your mind. That's all I can say. As a You know little chicken here in, in, in, in, in the United States. You, you've got big shoulders man. You got a big weight on a lot of responsibility on your back and I mean that sincerely. You're freaking me out, man. I'm telling you. But thank you very much. Thanks again. I, I really appreciate everything you've said and I appreciate your, everything you said about disclosure and how important it is. I I couldn't agree more, Joe. It's been my honor and privilege sincerely. Thank You. My honor too. Thank you very much. Thank you. Yes sir. Alright, bye everybody.