
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The. Joe Rogan. Experience Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Do it. Headphones. Why not Oxy NI can't live without the headphones. Every time someone does wanna wear headphones, I'm like, okay. We don't have to You know. Some people don't wanna mess their hair up. We don't have that problem. Yeah. That's my hat. Look, it looks Good. I like it. I like them. Paperboy hats. Yeah. I love those. It's my favorite hats. Yeah. Well, the reason I do it is because I started wearing hats. 'cause after the show, people would take photos with me, with my shaved head and the light would just bounce off my chrome.


And you couldn't see me in the photo. So I realized that I wore baseball caps. But then when you're on stage, it puts a shadow over your face. Right. Can't see your face. So I started wearing these. Yeah. I love those. I like shaving the head though. I started during the pandemic. Yeah. You should have done that a long time ago. What's that side hair bullshit. I know, I know. It's nonsense. It Feels so much better like This. Also, you have to go to a barber, Matt. Right. And listen to some stupid stories. Oh, shoot. Fuck Off. Dude. When I was a teenager, There was a place in New York called the, it was called the Stag Brothers. And There was these two Italian brothers. And they cut hair and you go in there and they had the, the, the reason we all went, like our moms would drop us off out front.


We go inside. And then they had penthouse magazines. Why you waited. Mm. So you hope that you got to wait for a while and then they, then they call you. And like, you got your little 15-year-old erection. You're trying to hide. Put the cape over me. Cover me. I always felt like barbershops where guys hung out. That's all. Just for people who don't play pool. That was always my thought. My thought like, I see what you're doing. Like you're getting a guy's place where guys can hang out and just talk. Right. But this is not the way to do it. 'cause people come in, people you don't know come in. You can't tell some dirty story. Right. You know. You can't, you can't. you know what I mean? Yeah. It's like, That seems to be big in the black culture.


Oh. yeah. Oh. yeah. I mean, obviously there's those movies, barbershop, but I mean, it really is a place that people hang out. But now you got cigar, do You like hanging out in cigar shops. Yeah. Cigar bars are good. Yeah. I, I like it. 'cause it's one, it's one of the rare places where if you go to a cigar, I used to have that place, the Grand Havana room in Beverly Hills. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Right. It's A great room. People had their own humidors in there. You Could, yeah. I had a humidor for a long time. And you, you could eat like nice meals and smoke cigar. Yeah. Because it's a private club, so you could have a steak, some pasta, and you're smoking a cigar at the table and everybody's doing it. That's awesome. Yeah. It was cool. Yeah. And it was a cool place. You like, oh, look at that guy. It was in Beverly Hills. Oh, It was a power spot. I remember like Michael Rottenberg, remember from Three Arts?


Yeah. Dave Becky. He brought me there once. And he had the humidor and he was just pointing up. He was like, yeah, that guy owns Warner Brothers. Yeah. That dude is a Oh. yeah. Eight picture deal. Oh. yeah. Over at Columbia. Yep. You know who I saw there once and I was, I was kind of starstruck. Remember that dude from, what is the New York blues? What was it? That that NYPD Blue. Yeah. Remember MYPD Blue? Yeah. Yeah. What's the dude's name? Jimmy Smit? No, no, no, no. The first guy. Jerry Beck. The first guy Dennis Something. Oh, Oh. yeah. The guy Dennis Franz. No, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. The the redheaded guy. Oh. Yeah. Oh, oh. Oh. He ended up quitting to make, to get a movie career.


That never happens. Fuck, man. They, I tell, I think they tanked that guy. This guy? Yes. What the fuck's his name? The guy was good, man. No, he quit because he thought he had a big Career. But this is the thing. It Didn't happen. But You can't do that. What's, what's the guy's name though? Wasn't possible. No, not, not that guy. That's Andy Sitz or that's the character he played. Right. But the other guy, Jesus Christ. This is David Caruso. Is that his name? No, that's the guy who produced the show. Right? Oh, I don't know. That might be right. Is that his name? David Caruso. It is his name. Right? Maybe. But doesn't it say the cast down there?


He's not one Of the people showing that's Him. Yep. That's Oh, that's Oh. yeah. David Caruso. Oh, it came down hard on him. Oh, It came down hard on him. Came That guy should have been a giant movie star. Yeah, dude. He was really good on that show. But if you have that thing where you're like, fuck this, I'm quitting. I'm gonna be a star, bro. They want you to fucking fall flat on your face. They're like, fuck this guy. Yeah. There's like 15 more guys like you in theater school right now. 15 more troubled guys from the inner city You know that have a, a gritty past and scars on their face. Go fuck yourself. And that's what they did to that guy. Yeah. Also, he is a redhead name, name a lot of redheaded leading men.


But he Could have been the guy, he Could have been the first one. All the redheads, like one guy gets cocky. We had our guy, We had Our major lead. We had A shot. We had our fucking guy, Man. And instead they started the phrase, the word ginger, and took them all down. That was brutal act. Crazy fair. They were just redhead. Before it was normal to be a redhead. You weren't a freak. No. You were just a person with red hair. No one cared. No. Now They beat you up. There's literally like bullying if you're a redhead. I was a redhead. Were You really? I was a fucking coppertop until I was probably about 11. I was That's so bizarre. Your hair changed color. Yep. How weird is That? It happened to my kids too. Both my kids were redheads and their hair changed when they got older.


It's God letting You know. I could have fucked you, but I'm gonna let you slide. It's like he got me in a headlock. Yeah. And then he let Me out. I'll let you go. Yeah. Right. Ooh. He gave me a little dick. And then it grew bigger. Oh. Oh, I remember having a little dick. Oh no. Oh, that was the worst feeling when you were a little kid. And You know, you're just like, well, You see your dad's dick. Yeah. You like, what the fuck? I know. What is that thing? The fuck. And why is it always hard? Men's dicks, like when you're a boy, they're terrifying. Mm. Like, oh, like see some guy pull out his fucking this sausage roll when he's pissing right next to you and you're a little kid. You're like, what the fuck does he do with that thing?


Yeah. And his balls are hanging like six inches down. Like Ari's balls or Joey Diaz's balls. Yeah. Joey's Diaz balls are like grapefruit and old lady's panio. Like, what the fuck am I looking at? Those are your balls. His balls look like him. Yeah. Just like cartoonish. They just saggy. Just fucking hilarious. Yeah. His balls are hilarious. Oh my God. Balls are hilarious. They're Joey. Joey's balls are hilarious. They, it's amazing that a woman, why would they have sex with us? Our penis is, it's awful. Everything about us is Gross. Yeah. We're not soft. No. We're, we're not squeezable and lovable. We're not, we're not comforting.


We're grunting. We're we have an agenda. Yeah. Thick, Dense, heavy thing on top of you that can kill you. And you want it to fuck you. What? Right. Why? Why, why they trust us. Trusting us to not kill you. Yeah. I know. Imagine like if every woman could kill you. Yeah. All of them. Every woman that you ever date can literally just strangle you to death and not a damn thing you could do about it. That's what's like being a woman. Well, Or a gay guy. Well, gay guys could be strong. No, and I'm just saying, it's weird that there is this accepted power dynamic between a man and a woman when they make love. Because well, like, like you said, the woman trusts. But when you have two guys, it's kind of like, I don't know what it's like, but I think it might Tell me what it's like.


You know what it, it's son of a Bitch. You were just about to tell me what it was like. You, to, you were about to break You know. I almost did once. Right. How close did you get? I've told this story on my podcast, but I'll, I'll give a brief version of it. I went, when I was in college, I was an English major and I studied like Alan Ginsburg and Kerouac and Yeah. All these guys that were into Homoerotic stuff, they, a lot of them were gay. And, and then, and even Emerson and Whitman, like all that old stuff. It was all, all gay imagery. And then There was David Bow. I love David Bowie. I loved Iggy Pop, Mick Jagger. And these guys were all fucking around with each other. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And so I was like, all right, this must be kind of something you do.


You experiment with this. That's How they get you. That's how they get you. They get a couple mascots. They get the coolest guy, rock and roll. Right. The three coolest guys in Rock. The Singing Stardust. Yeah. And so, so I was not attracted to men. I never have been. I can appreciate a handsome man. I think you're not hard on the eyes. Thank you. And then I was like, all right. So I guess I'll, I'm not going to take it up the ass, but You know. Right. Maybe Kiss A little bit. No, I didn't even wanna do that. Suck a cock. Suck a cock. And then I realized like, I'm gonna do it. And, and when I do it, it's either gonna be like, Ugh, or it's gonna be like, oh my God, this is fucking amazing. This is Incredible. Yes. This is what I've been missing.


And, and so, so I was drunk one night. I was like a junior in college and my apartment, remember the Fenway in Boston? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. The Fenway was like a wooded area. Like every city has a small wooded area where they grow trees for the reason for anonymous gay sex. The brambles in, in Manhattan, you got Griffith Park in LA there's always like a little gay area. So my apartment happened to be, it was on Boyleson Street. It was across the street from the Fenway. So I'm stumbling home one night. It's like three in the morning. And I'm, I look at the woods and I go, fuck it, I'm gonna do it. Wow. So I, I walk in and I'm looking around. I'm like, I don't know the protocol.


I don't know how it works. And You like, I'm, I'm just waiting. And then all of a sudden it's like, fucking leaves are blowing and there's shadows. And then this guy just pops out from behind a tree, like a little gay leprechaun. He's like, I'm the guy. He is like, all right, I guess he is the guy. Wow. And he walks over and we look at each other and then he unzips his pants. He pulls out his cock and I'm just looking at it. And then he pulls his balls out and I look at the balls. and I was like, Nope, No interest. I'm fucking out. That's the ugliest thing I've ever seen in my life. And so I got scared 'cause I'm now, I'm alone in the woods with a guy with his dick out. And so I just pushed him away from me. Oh Jesus.


And he fell down and then he jumped up and he just sprinted back into the woods with his dick flopping around and I just, oh Jesus. I just stumbled out. and I was like, well, I guess Branches. I guess I can't do that. Ow, ow. That's a poison Ivy. The next day, What did people used to do when they didn't have covers over their dick and they had to run through the woods? Right. Like There was a That's a real problem, man. Yeah. Bow Ow. Ow. Like how many, if you have pants on you and you run through the woods, your dick gets whacked by twigs and ship. It's kind of Okay. And the vagina's got protection. It's got curtains and walls and blinds. And a Girl got kicked in the pussy the other day in a UFC fight and sorry for using the term pussy.


Mm. Ladies in this term, it's really not a pussy. It's a woman's vagina. Right? Yes. Cage fighter. Yes. And they went down and You know they stopped the fight and give the person time to recover. and I thought about it. I was like, that's interesting. Because I guess it's just, you can't hit genitals. But there's a giant difference between balls and girls can take a pretty good shot to the pussy. Can they? Yeah. Unfortunately. Yeah. Yeah. Like if they fall and, and it hurts. Just like it hurts your ass bone. Yeah. It hurts. if you You know you hurt your dick, your dad hurts. But the balls. Yeah. That thing, like, I was trying to explain to my wife and daughters were asking me what it's like to get kicked in the balls.


and I was like, I've been been kicking in the balls a hundred times. At least I've been kicking the balls so many times. 'cause I grew up kicking. Yeah. So I got kicked in the balls by dudes who are really good at kicking. Yeah. So I, Like, I There was been many times in my life where I wasn't sure if my dick was gonna work anymore. Right. Like, one time I got kicked in the balls so bad that one of my nuts sw up. So my right nut, I think it was my right nut. Sw I got in a tournament. Yeah. I, I threw a kick and this guy threw a kick under my kick and slammed it into my cup. And this is a guy from the Korean national team. He was really good. He kicked me fucking hard man. Yeah.


The, they gave me time out. I continued the fight, but I knew it really hurt. I lost the fight. And then as I was driving home, I was with my girlfriend and I was, I was thinking at the time, I was like, I don't know if this thing works anymore. Yeah. Like, I was, because it was so painful. So I got home and jerked off. And as soon as I jerked off, I'm like, oh, we're good. Wow. Yeah. Victory. It works. That Was the best orgasm in your life. Yeah. So that's the weird thing about the cup, isn't it? Is I've done that. This is how stupid I am. I've done that twice. Another time. I got need in the dick. I, I was doing juujitsu and I didn't have a cup on the last time I trained without a cup on. This guy is passing my guard. And he sh You know it's a standard technique.


He wasn't doing it maliciously. You shove your knees through the guard when someone's passing your guard, that's the guard is the legs. So your legs are wrapped around a person. You're trying to work a submission from the bottom. And they're trying to pass to get to a better, because in the guard you, it's very difficult to submit someone when you're in their guard. You want to get out of their guard. And then it's a more dominant position to submit. So he's trying to pass my guard. So he shoves his knee through and his knee caught my dick flat, just like smashed my dick. I'm like, ah, it fucking hurt like hell. But I didn't think anything of it. It was like kind of normal for that stuff to happen when you're training hard with guys who are really good. And then afterwards I go to the, to the locker room and there's blood in my jock strap.


Oh my God. Fuck. So my, my dick is bleeding out my dick hole. So I'm like, okay, what would I do if this was my nose? I was like, I would just go home. It's just a bloody nose. Like, am I being a pussy? Because it's my dick. It's a bloody dick. Let's just like, we'll give it the, the night and if it feels bad tomorrow, we'll go to the doctor. So I get home and I'm like, well, how do I know if it works? So I jerked off, I jerked off and Blood came out with it. Oh. yeah. and I. This is how, 'cause I did it kind of clinical. 'cause I wanna know. So I did it into the toilet. So I jerked off. And while I'm doing it, I'm like, what the fuck is wrong with you?


You're so ro you're so broken. You're such a crazy person. My God. and I was like, I think works. It's all good. Wow. And so I, I made the next day, made sure it didn't get infected. Next day it was like, just checking, make sure everything's good. Didn't hurt. Did you jerk off again? No. I let it go for a couple days. Just leave it alone. Yeah. I didn't want it to be sore, but it was fine. It was fine. So some blood vessel burst just like It would burst in your mouth. Yeah. I get fat lips all the time, you know, you know, always getting cuts in somewhere. Damn. Just treat it like that. And then, but it was scary. I wonder if I hurt that guy's dick in the woods that Night. Probably branches whacked That down. Yeah. Ow. Fucking squirrels thinking It's nuts. Diving at it.


Imagine a fucking goer just grabbing a hold of your dick. A gopher. They could chew through a tree. Yeah. And it just You know people have died from gophers before. No. Yes. A lady died recently. She got bit by a gopher. Just bled out. Wow. Bro. They chew through trees. Yeah. And their, their, their teeth never stop growing. They have to chew on Things. Oh no shit. To wear their teeth out. Yeah. Otherwise it'll just go right through their fucking face. Yeah. Gophers will, fuck. We went upstate. We just just had my 25th anniversary this month. Congratulations. Thank you. So we went up to Vermont and upstate New York. Me and my wife just, it's Beautiful up there. Oh my God. Except for the people. Other than that, it's beautiful. Yeah.


We didn't see a lot of them. People are, we saw, we saw very few people. People That live in those states are odd. We went to a Farmer market. We with 50 people. Yeah. They're Odd. We went, We. were staying in a little town. Some friends of mine moved out there. They kind of retired and decided to take up farming. So they moved out to this farm in Vermont. In Vermont. They looked Like they're from Vermont too. Right. They all look like you could pick 'em out of a lineup. Well, we went to the farmer's market and it really was like, it was like a caricature. It's like Yeah. you know the dudes that look like you, if you push them, they would just crumble. Yeah. They have like Birkenstocks on Everybody looks, looks like Bernie Sanders. They, everyone's got tie eye shirts on and it's just like, good for you guys. You got your spot. Yeah. They got a spot. Be you right here.


You Just gotta tolerate the winters. Yeah. if you could tolerate the winters you're in like the most Uber progressive, like, but really kind for the most part. Yeah. It's like an an idyllic sort of environment. Yeah. If you're douche bags everywhere you go. But I've No, and they're like involved with all this communal farming. They're kind people. Yeah. They all pitch in. They help each other out. Like, my friends have a bunch of land. So they let these other farmers graze their animals on the land. And dude, then we went up into the woods and my friends become an expert on hunting for mushrooms. Oh Jesus. You ever do that? Those people will get you killed Oh. yeah. Yeah. Because there's some that look good. Yeah. And they're not. I know there's a whole nursing home incident a few years back.


Some guy, like I'm an expert mushroom picker, got some mushrooms and cooked them up for everybody and they all died. No. Yeah. Some of them would kill you quick. Yeah. We stuck to the chanterelles. Yeah. Those are obvi. Morels are real obvious. Yeah, those are Great. Then they have these ones called lobster mushrooms. Oh. That actually look like lobster. And they taste like lobster. Really? Yeah. It's freaky. Did you eat eat 'em with butter? We sliced them up and sauteed 'em. We had 'em with pasta. Wow. Yeah. There it is. Sacramento bee. In addition to the untimely deaths of Barbara Lopez and Theresa, should I say that name? Alice Nuit. Four Others were sickened after they given a wild mushroom soup prepared by a caregiver who also consumed the poisonous potage caregiver.


And three elderly residents were hospitalized. Huh. Boy, that guy's never cooking for them again. Fuck You get, you can get really sick from mushrooms really sick. Like you could die like quickly from some of them. Some of them are, isn't It amazing? Super toxic when you think about with the death penalty, how they can never fucking do it. They zap people and they survive or they shoot 'em up and they survive and it's like, really? Gimme some fuck. Oh, it happens all the time. Yeah. Really? I thought they all just died. No. A lot of times they fuck up and they have to, they have to do, they have to do a few passes after. Isn't it funny that they don't shoot him? Yeah. But I don't That's what I'm saying. Why there? There's, there's so many ways to kill somebody effectively.


Yeah. You just need a tarp and a shotgun. Yeah. And it's over. And like the old days, the shooting, shooting squads, only one person would have live ammunition so that nobody felt the guilt. You'd have like four or five shooters and they didn't tell you who's was the live round. Oh really? Yeah. I thought it was a couple guys had Dougs. Yeah. Maybe a couple. Yeah. because you need more More than one guy. Yeah. What if that one guy just hits him in the ear? Like the guy did Trump. Yeah, I know. Fuck. And the guy's like, what the fuck is going on? You all missed. This is crazy. Maybe the God has spoken. Yeah. God. God has said, I I shouldn't be killed. I Said some of these action movies, you see them fucking running around shooting at each other and you go like, wait a minute.


This guy was just on a rooftop with a sight and hitting somebody from 300 yards away. And now he can't hit him from he's fucking running down the street and they're missing each other with 20 shots. A lot harder though. Yeah. A lot harder. Yeah. A sniper shot is all just about not having any excess movement. Right. And controlling your breath. Yeah. So when a sniper shoots, they're prone for the most part. Meaning they're lying down. So the, you cut out all the movement. Yeah. Your, your shoulder's rested. You ever seen like a sniper? Yeah. Shoot. Their shoulders rested. you know, they, they have the stock pressed against their body and all they're doing is controlling this finger and not flinching and controlling their breathing and keeping the, because You know a lot of 'em, a lot of these guys can shoot from a mile away now.


It's insane. A mile away. And do they factor in gravity on the Bullet? Yeah. They factor in a bunch of different things. They, a lot of times they're using apps. You can use an app and you also, you use an app for the wind. So you wanna know like which way the wind's blowing and, and how where to hold. You know. And then you have a, a scope that's dialed out, like it's zeroed out at a very specific yardage, whatever it is. So you could just put the cross here, whatever it is. May a lot of times if someone's hunting, they would do it like zeroed out at a hundred yards. So it effectively would be up or down maybe four inches and 300 yards or 400 yards. Wow. Yeah. So really fast shooting, flat shooting rifle.


You zero them out. So this guy's got a zero this thing out at a fucking how many thousand yards is a a mile. How long is that? What is that? In yards? 1280. 12. 12. So I've, I've heard of guys shooting 1500 yard shots. 15. No shit. Yeah. So there's so much equipment and so it has to be so dialed in. and I mean they're, they're siting in these things on ranges. And it's so specific. It's 1700. Sorry. Just 1700. Okay. That's so crazy. That's so far away. That's so far away. You could barely see it. That's a mile it, yeah.


So they're looking through this insane scope on this rifle. Yeah. And they've got this crosser on some dude's head that's a mile away. Wow. And they go boom. And then you just wait. Takes a second. Yeah. I think it takes two seconds. Wow. How, how many seconds does it take for let's say a 300 wind mag, 300 wind mag at 1700 yards? A standard like high powered rifle round that they would use. I don't know if that's what they would use for snipers. You. like, those guys are very, the long range guys are very different than any other kind of shooter. Yeah. They, they're all about the, the science and the tech and all this stuff that's involved in getting the win.


Like I have a buddy of mine who does long rain shooting. Mm. He's not a tactical, he just a gun enthusiast. He likes long rain shooting. He does competitions. Yeah. And they just shoot steel and you hear boom dink it's like quite a long while afterwards. Yeah. So like, if you're shooting an animal and it's walking, it's super unethical. Yeah. because you don't know what that thing's gonna do. And the time between you shooting the gun and it, like with a bow and arrow, you never shoot at a walking animal. Okay. Because they're moving. Right. Or if you do, you have to be a real expert and you would lead, you would like shoot them in the front of the shoulder to get into the vitals as they're walking. But that's like, that's an added element of woo.


Anything can Happen. How much, how much adjusting do you do when you're shooting the crossbell? Like as far as wind and distance? Crossbows are A little bit more accurate and they shoot a bolt instead of a, an arrow. So it's smaller and it, it's probably because it's smaller, it's not gonna have as much effect by wind. It's gonna have less to move around. Less mass to move around. They're very fast though. Those bolts are way faster than an arrow. Like an arrow. if you have a really fast bow, your, your arrow's probably gonna go between 300 and 340 feet per second.


That's, that's normal. That's normal for like a high speed bow. But for a, a crossbow, what's the fastest cross bow? I bet it's like 500 plus maybe. And then you also have a scope on a crossbow and a trigger. It's much more accurate. Like you could just put that, that thing on bang, bang, bang. You know you. It's way more accurate out like at a hundred yards And you can go pop, pop pop fast. Nah, you can't. No. You'd have to reload it. I I was just Oh, you reload Each shot you have To, yeah. You have to reload each shot. There's one guy who invented a thing for a compound bow. It's kind of crazy. It's like, it's all these arrows stacked in.


He's got like this device and you draw it back and you can shoot one arrow after another 600. I found 600 feet per second. That's like when you took me shooting. Remember when we went shooting up in the valley? Yes. At that guy's ranch. Yes. And he had a, it was a shotgun, but he set it up like an AK 47. So you could go, you could shoot a shotgun, but like Pop pop. Yeah. Tear a tactical. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Dude, that was the cra You're like, that's John, you shoot tomorrow. I was like, yeah, I figured we're going to some range with a bunch of You know yuppies shoot and, and I and Izod shirts and flip flops and I walk out and we drive down. I I get off the highway, get to a dirt road down the dirt road, get to a fucking dirt driveway.


I'm like, where the fuck are we going? And we get to this place and it's Ukrainian chicks in yoga shorts and, and like crop tops. And they are the most badass. They are, they are fucking master shots. Yeah. And we get down there and what was the guy's name that runs it? tn? Yeah. Holy shit. He taught Keanu Reeves for all the John Wick movies. He Taught Halle Berry when she was in John Wick. He teaches anytime like a celebrity needs to learn how to look like a real assassin. Yeah. They go to that guy. Yeah. He's a multiple time champion. And, and those You know when they do those, they have a course and you run the course and You know like deep and they time you and you, that guy wins all those fucking things.


Really? Oh, he's a wizard. Yeah. Yeah. He's like revered for his, his crowd. Is he a military guy? No, I don't think so. Mm. He's just a psycho. And what about the, what about the women? Where do they come from? I Think that's his social media ploy. And then a lot of those women are real actual competitors. They, they do those same sort of competitions. They just Happen to be Tense. Have you ever seen those gun competitions? No. Well, I, they're fun to watch. See, see if you can find one of those where they, they run a course so they time 'em and You know, and it's all about accuracy and speed. But if you're a hot chick and you can get involved in something that's of like, primarily male thing. Like what is the, the ratio of male gun enthusiast to female gun enthusiasts.


Is it seven to three? Like what do you Oh, Way more. I'm being nice. Yeah, You're being very Nice. I'm being real nice. Yeah. So if you're a hot chick in yoga shorts Yeah. And you're also awesome with a gun. Yeah. You like get a lot of Attention. No, there's the, one of the biggest social media accounts is this girl who's a re she's super hot, full figure golfer. Oh, of course. Yeah. Oh, She's huge. Of course. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. if you can get, if you're hot in that world, You know a world of like dopey men. That's a great ploy. It's a good move. It's like being a one of those women that attracts like Cher or Bette Midler That attract gay guys.


Yeah. It Checks gay guys. That's the best draw. Chelsea handler. Like they all get all these gay guys showing up And they spend Money. They got that, they got that You know no, no children money. Yeah. Kicking around in their pockets. Yeah. No children. Money's real money. Although now they are now most have Children. Do you know that those guys get divorced the least? I love that. Yeah. That's Amazing. The ratio is, correct me if I'm wrong with male female, it's like 50%, but it's skewed. It's not really 50%. What it is, is a lot of people are serial divorces. Okay. So they get married and get divorced, get married and get divorced.


Like the amount of people that stay together, it's probably higher than 50%. But there's a bunch of, Jennifer Lopez is out there fucking up the curve. You know there's a bunch of people that get like four or five marriages, 5, 6, 7 marriages. People are outta their minds. Right? Yeah. Then there's lesbians that's real high. That's like 70 plus percent Of divorced. Yeah. 70 plus percent. But then there's gay guys. Gay guys. I think it's 26% divorce ratio. No shit. Yep. Super low dude. Because you get to hang out with a goon, you get to hang out. I would love to marry you. We would've such a good time. We have So much fun. We'd have fun all the time.


Yeah. It's just like chicken out. Every time it was time to suck your dick, I'd be like, sorry man. I don't like how that thing looks. You'd be like, shit balls. You shouldn have dressed my balls up Nice for Greg. Yeah. Gay guys. They're hanging out with guys. I mean, I joked around about it, my special, like, I wish that, I wish I was gay. Yeah. Because it's like, if that's what you liked, like you're hanging out with a bunch of guys. Sounds fun. As long as they're not annoying. Right. you know, because an annoying, like an annoying girl is not as annoying as an annoying guy. Annoying guys can be re they can be a real problem. Like agro annoying guys. Yeah. Yeah. They're the worst. Yeah. They're worse than anything. How much you, because you, you never feel comfortable.


Yeah. You like always in this state of, oh God. They're always trying to one up everybody. Something could happen here. Yeah. Something stupid. Could this guy could break a bottle and drink from it. You know there's morons out there. Yeah. Annoying guys are dangerous. Annoying girls are just usually just annoying. Right. Just an just an annoying human. They don't have that element of this could be dangerous. That's a good point. Yeah. Especially if they're big, big drunk guys are scary. Yeah. They can fucking, they get those gopher eyes, their eyes, their pupils go away. They just look at a fucking zombie. Big Zombie. I wonder what the stats are on drunk driving between men and women. I bet it's so much higher with dudes.


Just crazy dudes. Because a lot of girls like, I can fucking do It. I can fucking do it. Yeah. You know, but then men are like, oh, I'm not even drunk, bro. Yeah. My dad used to drunk drive crazy. He crashed a car into a tree and died and they brought him back to life. He's in the emergency room for Weeks. Men are four times more drunk driving four times more drunk driving related accidents than women drunk male drivers. Cause 80% of the drunk driving fatalities documented. Holy shit. Yeah. 81% of people arrested for drunk driving were men. Only 19% were women. How many of those women just had big tits?


And they, ma'am we'll, we'll take you home. You live by yourself. Yeah. Cops have a weakness for drunk women. For sure. Oh. yeah. Yeah. Well there's some fucking hilarious body cams out there of girls going, I'll do anything. Please, please don't arrest me. I'll do anything. Yeah. What was the one where she goes, she goes, don't you wanna help out a pretty wom pretty woman? And he goes, well, if I see one, I'll help her out. You never saw that? I didn't see that one. Yeah. I never know how many of them are real these days. Yeah. 'cause I think these days there's a lot of people who fake police interactions and they do stuff for clout.


They stage things for clout. They'll, they'll make a viral video of like a fake fight. People throwing things at each other all for clout. I like the one where the fa the father and the son, he, it it, they always do these big crazy physical stunts where like, they destroy the living room and have a fight and they scream at each other. But it's so real. I bought it the first two times. Then I was like, oh no, they're not fighting this often this hard. They wouldn't still be living together. Right. But it's so funny. Oh, that's funny. Yeah. You can trick people today. There's a lot of fake stuff going on. You know. Yeah. A lot of fake. And how many war footage videos were out people go, that's from a video game.


Like what? Well, I guess Faces of Death. A lot of those were fake. Yep. Yeah. A lot of them, the war footage stuff is crazy because that's how good the video games are. Those video games are so good today that you watch, especially if you're looking at it on your phone. Right. Like, especially my eyes. My eyes aren't that good. And I'm looking at some fucking jet getting shot down. Yeah. I'm like, wow. That's crazy. Yeah. Look at how high res that is. Who Kudos to the camera guy. Really? And then I'm like, oh, it's a video game. You fucking idiot. Well, how much longer until like, You know, the AI nudes are so fucking real Oh. yeah. And now they're making AI nude videos, not just stills.


Yeah. Well they can do AI porn for sure. Yeah. I mean, I, I haven't seen it, but I I'm sure it exists because they can do AI scenes with human beings that are indiscernible you. You cannot tell it's gone. The Sora, the newest technology. Have you seen it? No. Google that will bring that one up. Jamie of the Tokyo Street. So they have this footage that is all just prompt. Right. So they put in a prompt this ai like drone footage of Tokyo Street while it's snowing. And this video is entirely fake. And it looks exactly like someone flew a drone over Tokyo. The people are moving in random manners.


They're moving at different speeds. Yeah. They look, they look natural. Right. Look at this. This is all fake dude. This is even six months old. I Think newer stuff Now too. So it's even better than that. So even better. Look at that. Oh my God, this is insane. It's, look how good the texture looks on the snow. Like on the, how it varies. Yeah. I mean look, all the people, the fucking the, it's just wild man. Yeah. Yeah. And this is the stuff that we know about You know this is the stuff. I mean, for sure. They have some new version of this that they just haven't released to the public yet. Well, and also how it's affecting the entertainment business. Like Tyler Perry just was about to build a billion dollar studio in Atlanta.


It's because that, and then he saw No, then he saw that he canceled the plans. He's like, what? We don't need Yeah. Physical production any longer. Yeah. It was an $800 million facility he was putting down. He saw Sora. That's what he saw. Oh, okay. And they realized like, oh, we don't need any of this anymore. They're not gonna need actors either. Right. Which is like, part of the strike was that they were trying to own the digital rights to a person. Like say if, if they paid you, you're a background extra. They don't wanna have to keep paying extras. So what will own all their faces. Yeah. They stand and they get shot. Yeah. In a green screen from like eight different angles for a half an hour. And then they own them for life. This is newer. This is 11 days old.


It says it was posted by open ai. Jesus Christ. Man. They're look, they're all looking at a UFO. This is bananas. This is completely bananas. Yeah. This is all AI generated. Not to mention the scripts are gonna be mostly AI generated Oh. yeah. A hundred percent. But this, that's the thing I'm saying about this, that when they're doing this stuff and like putting this stuff into a prompt, it's easy. It's like instantaneous. Yeah. And so what they were trying to do with these background, like imagine you're a background guy. You know you just moved to Hollywood. You know you want to get work as an actor. So you decide to take a background gig in a movie.


You sign this thing off, but then you wind up becoming successful. That's how almost all actors get started. Sure. They start as background people or work on the crew. They get auditions. That's Harrison Ford. He was a fucking carpenter Right. Then. All but they, now they have your likeness Yeah. For the rest of your life. And then you just shove you in a movies. Hey, why is Harrison Ford in that fucking movie? Yeah. Oh, well, Harrison Ford was an extra You know. Wow. Yeah. Fuck That. So they don't need to shoot new stuff. They can use old footage of people. Dude, they don't need anything anymore. They could do John Wayne movies, but really sophisticated like Tarantino, John Wayne movie. Like they could do that right now. Yeah. Like someone in AI using this program, maybe not now, maybe five months from now, can make a John Wayne Tarantino film.


Like Make a a Western. But in the style of Quentin Tarantino with the same type of dialogue Like that Robert Rodriguez would direct with him. Yeah. And put that together. And they could make it in the style of these. They just look at Kill Bill, look at Reservoir Dogs. Okay. We kinda know what he's into. Okay. Eh, eh, eh, eh. Bam. Yeah. And it's moody. It's dark. There's rain dripping from the ceiling. You're looking at the gun before he shoots the guy. The pupils dilate. Yeah. The fucking the, the Pores guy's got a pockmark face from Acne scars. I mean, they can do everything man. It's, it, it looks like a real movie.


And a movie is a little easier to do than video I would think. Because in a movie you make the background blurry. Right. It's a little softer. Yeah. That's a weird thing. Like, we like films where we, that doesn't look real. We like a film where when you are talking, everybody in the background's blurry. I don't wanna see everybody in the background cl crystal clear. Like in real life. No. I remember the first time I got a high def tv it threw me, I was like, this looks fake. This doesn't, everything looks fake. Yeah. Everything was too much in my face. And I think Tarantino still shoots on film. Yeah. Well I think his films are all, all all done on film. I think the problem with video is it's too good.


Yeah. It's too good. Right. Like soap operas, like, don't they shoot those on film or on video? They shoot 'em on video. It's probably cheaper. I'm sure it's video because the editing is so much easier when you edit film, you have to convert it and then edit it and then you convert it back again. Oof. And so when You, like I've written on TV shows that were film and first of all, you can't do as many takes in a row because you have to change the reels on the cameras. Yeah. So you get to get in You know two or three takes and you gotta stop down for five minutes and reload. I'm pretty sure News radio was film. Yeah. I'm sure it was. Yeah. 90%. and I think Fear Factor was not, I think usually multi-camera is when you're in a studio like a Everybody Loves Raymond or something like that.


Right. That's, that's usually shot digitally. I think they tried to do it digitally. Like one episode or something. God, maybe I'm remembering. Maybe it was something else I did. But I remember they were trying to make this transition, but people didn't like the way it looked. There was a video on advertisement the other day with Tom Cruise and someone else, and they were talking about the settings on your television that if you have the settings on your television set from the factory incorrectly, it can make these brilliant films look too much like video because of whatever funky You know shit they're doing to make the film, the television look clearer and crisper. Right. Which is great in most things, but it's not great when you're watching a film that's been sort of designed to get you to focus on specific things.


Yeah. And have the background more blurry. Right. Like I remember the first time I saw I one of the Star Wars films like Star like Return of the Jedi or one of those. and I, I saw it on a high resolution, big screen tv. I was like, this looks like dog Shit. Mm. Yeah. The background was so fake. It was like so clearly like a painting of a spaceship in the background. It looked so corny, but in the movies it looked perfect. Yeah. Right. Yeah. I was gonna shoot my special on film. I actually was talking to Kodak and get like, get in the reels and it ended up, it was gonna be three times more expensive to shoot it on film. Oof. But but think about like live at the Sunset Strip or Oh. yeah. I mean just, it felt like you were in the room.


Right. You could smell it and feel it. You know. It's also a time capsule too though, right? Yeah. Like there's something about that where you're like, God, Richard Pryor's like 35 back then. Look at him. you know? Look at the crowd. Look at the audience. This is wild. Yeah. What was it like back then? Yeah. Imagine being alive back then and and sitting in that audience back then. Like fuck. Right. Is there any good footage of Lenny Bruce? There's some, a lot of black and white stuff. I would Love to see that. Yeah. There's a lot of unfortunate footage. That was him when he was kind of going crazy at the end of his life. He was just reading from transcripts of his trial. Yeah. Yeah. Did You ever see those? Yeah. That's bad. They're weird. Yeah, They're weird. Yeah. 'cause people don't know what they're listening to.


Like why am I listening to this? He became obsessed with his trial. Trial. You know. They were just, they were putting that guy in jail for doing something we do every night. Which is really crazy. Yeah. Really crazy. Yeah. There we go. From 1965, I'm happy alone. Don't you see? I've convinced you. I don't know, I get so dramatic about you. Better off alone, man. I got, that's it. I'm gonna get a whole bunch of new suits. You know I've had the same dumb suit for 10 years. You walk in her closet, you can't even breathe.


That's it. I'll get a whole bunch of suits. I'll get a chick that likes to hang out, man. I'll get a, I'll have little vodka parties. That's my vodka parties. Swing it up all up. I'll get a chip. I'll get a chick. Likes to drink. Boy, my wife sure used to look good standing up against the sink. She's the lowest though. I really put her down. No, no. I really miss her. I don't want some sharp chick that can quote Kerouac and walk with boys. I just want to hear my old lady say, get up and fix the sink. It's still making noise. All alone.


All alone. Like a near side of dog Where has the bone? This isn't probably the best example that, I don't know why you picked that, but the oldest version of him. I like that fucking suit. Yeah. The rest of It wasn. It is a sharp suit That is and all that shit. You know what's great. The Dustin Hoffman film where he plays him. Oh. yeah. He did a fucking phenomenal job. He did. He did a fucking phenomenal job. Dustin Hoffman nailed it. Mm. He nailed. It's, It's tough to play a comedian when you're not a comedian. There's something you can't put your finger on about the rhythm of it. Well, You know they're faking it. Well, You know who's not bad as, have you seen that Show Hacks?


No. Jean Smart. No, she's fucking good. Yeah. She's a great actress. But she's, she, she pulls it off. Well The lady who did Marvelous Mrs. Maisel Oh. yeah, yeah. Yeah. She pulled it off. Yeah, yeah, yeah. She pulled it off. Yep. Yeah. I believe that that was Joan Rivers. It's based on basically Right. I don't know. It seems like it's the same time. It seems A little, I think maybe, yeah. Maybe an influence. But I think it's a pretty unique fictional story of someone who's friends with Lenny. Bruce Hacks is definitely based on Joan Rivers. Oh really? Because she has a whole QVC line and it's, it's a lot of the same stuff. But then the woman that plays, she's got like this writer who's like her. She writes for her and goes on the road with her, played by Lorraine Newman's daughter.


Oh wow. I can't remember her name, but she's fucking great. You know what the best conspiracy theory. What about Joan Rivers is what? That she was killed because she outed Michelle Obama for being a man. Oh gosh. Midge Maisel for the Marvel Vista Maisel was inspired by real life comedian Joan Rivers sharing similarities in their upbringing, education, and performing at the Gaslight Cafe in New York. Mm. She nails it though. Yep. Rachel Brosnahan. Is that how you say her name? Yeah. She's so talented. She nails It. Nails It. She's won. I think she's won at least two Emmys for that show. Yeah. She nails it the first season. The second season are amazing. I I, I trailed off in the third season.


I bailed off in the third season also. Yeah. So You know what it got it, it got very sh sticky. Yeah. It got very Jewish sounding like. Well it's also like, almost like a Neil Simon play. I wanna see the struggle in her trying to make it, because it's kind of crazy that this housewife decides to become a comedian. Yeah. And she's actually really talented. Right. And kind of wild and crazy. But then once she starts making, I'm bored. Yeah. Because now you're in nonsense land. Right. Right. Now she's gonna be glamorous or she's doing USO tours. Like shut the fuck up. Yeah. You know who's great in that show is Kevin Pollock. Oh. yeah. Yeah. He's really strong. Yeah. He's he is great in that. Yeah. He's one of those guys that just like, He could do anything for a Lot of you ever see his IMDB page? He's like hundreds of roles. Oh. yeah. Yeah, yeah. He's played bad guys.


Good guys. Yeah. Yeah. He's a good comic too. He Is. Yeah. It's, it's hard for people to pull off because you gotta really be doing it. Because if you're not really doing it, I know you're not really doing it. Like if, if it's not really making the audience laugh. Like even if you had to do your act and There was a crowd of people that were paid to laugh at your act. So you have to do your act. They see you do it over and over and over again. Take five. And they do. And they have to ha ha ha ha. I'm gonna know you're not connecting with them. I'm gonna know they're not connecting with you. Right. You're never really gonna be able to do that in a movie unless the guy actually does standup. Yeah. Like if Louis Cck was gonna do a movie about a comic and he, he would have to like do standup and You know he used to do that in Louis, right?


Yeah. And Louisie at the beginning of the show, he would do a little standup. Well they, if you He actually did the standup though. That was actual real standup. I think Seinfeld too did that. He got real audiences. The only way to do it, if you have a movie and you have a bunch of people that are being paid to sit and be audience members, like the whole dynamic is fucked. Yeah. It's never gonna be real. It has to be. You'd have to just have, bring in crowds. Yeah. Just bring in a bunch of crowds. Like have a comic do it and film it at a theater. Film four shows. That's the only way you're gonna do it. Yeah. You have to actually do it this way. And You might have to swap out the crowds. 'cause you're doing multiple takes. Yeah. So just bring in a new one after two hours.


Yeah. Well instead of doing multiple takes, what you would do is you would just film all the standup and then splice it into the show or the movie. That's what you would do. Oh, right. Right. That's the only way to do it. And make it real. Tom, remember, remember what was Tom Hanks punchline Was so bad. Terrible with Sally Fields. Oh my God. They had, they had lockers at the comedy club. We already had their own lockers. Remember We were like you and I had just started back then. Yeah. Because that was like when that was going on. and I remember thinking, God, the difference between real life and these fucking movies is Socra. But it was also when they were doing standup, it wasn't funny. It wasn't real. There was nothing. It wasn't locked in You know. No. And he hadn't. and I, it's always that same storyline. Every comic, which You know, like there's an element of truth to it.


But like they, they're starting out, they've got a shtick and then somebody, an older person pulls back and go, Hey man, you gotta just be yourself. Yeah. You gotta lose your own voice. And then all of a sudden they go up with no script. But they just are themselves. I mean they did it Maisel, but it's true. I mean it is true to a certain extent, but they just hit it so Hard. But she had material in Maisel. Yeah. She had a lot of shit that she was on her mind. She had stories. Right, Right, right. Yeah. She wanted to tell those stories and she thought were hilarious. Yeah, that's, that was a little different. But punchline was just nonsense. Oh my God. It's, but although I heard a story, you remember Lucian Holt from the comic strip? Look At the wall. Wait there. Oh, that's Taylor. It's the locker room. I on you Taylor.


Something. He was, he was super talented. Yeah. He was a super nice guy too. Yeah. Fuck. What was his last name? He died a few years back. Yeah. Negron Taylor Negron. That's It. That's it. Yeah. That's it. Funny dude. Yeah. Very Nice guy. Came up to me, the improv one night and we had cool conversation, But Lucian Holt brought me to his apartment. And Lucian Holt by the way, I mean some people, he had mixed feelings because anytime you're a club booker, you're gonna have a certain number of people that just are not a fan. 'cause they didn't get passed Oh. yeah. But Lucian was an amazing guy. He was a curator of Eddie Murphy, of Chris Rock. Like he was the guy that brought people through the strip.


Yeah. Adam Sandler. And he brought me to his apartment one time and he had wall to wall video. This is back when everything was half inch V you know, VHS tapes, walls of everybody's first times. Wow. And so he showed me, when Tom Hanks came in for punchline, he only did standup for like three nights and he came into this strip and he did it. and I, gotta be honest, like he came in and he had some written material and he fucking did good. And then someone heckled and he like annihilated them and then got back into the team material. I was like, fuck this guy. This is him. Yeah. Oh, is that, is that the tape?


1987. Yeah. Farting for the love of his son by arm wrestling. A above guys still on his back. Stallone Henry, an arm wrestling competition. Now the eight Stallone wins the competition. Body Chance. Is this the most exciting thing to make a movie about Arm wrestling? Ha. You know. you know, you can bet this bald guy who's gonna get Stallone over like this at some point, You know. And then you're, they're gonna have the, the, the closeups, the hand, the eye, the hand, the eye. First time it's pretty Fucking good.


Pretty fucking good. But the pauses, Yeah. Timing closes. The flashback sequence to his son Poppy. Poppy over the top place is gonna go nuts. See, they should have used that in the movie. Exactly. So that was Good. Make it look grainy, but No, no, no, no. It doesn't have to be grainy. Yeah. But that film him film him actually doing standup. Yeah. That's what you should have done. Yeah. So it's not that he sucked. 'cause right there, he just did it. But he was at Flipped the Top. Nobody knows how to use these goddamn things. It's amazing how many people, you give 'em a Collibra lighter and they just, who? Well it's like man Discovering fire. So if they use that, I would've bought that movie.


That would've been a much better movie. How did they not know that? Yeah. If you're doing a film on standup Yeah. And you're gonna have comics, you could have just had them doing standup. Yep. Actually do standup. Just get a comedy club. You say Tom Hanks is gonna perform. It's gonna sell out. And you say, oh, and ladies and gentlemen, you guys are gonna be in a movie. Yeah. Please do not Hackle and have a great show. Right. You like, oh my God, we're gonna be in a movie. This is amazing. You'd be extra excited. All Happy It would be great. It would've been a great movie. Yeah. But maybe You know Sally feels jokes were terrible in that movie. That awful. I like to see her set You know who wrote all the jokes? Did jokes. Who? Barry Sobel.


Did he do it on Purposely Bad? No, I think they gave him like five Minutes. He joke Thing, I dunno. But Barry, he was in it. He used to kill it back then. Barry Sobel Used to Oh. yeah. When I first started coming to the store, he was one of the big names there. Yeah, He was on MTVA lot back. I remember that was the guy from Punchline. But it was quite a while afterwards. Right. So this was like 94 and that movie was like 88 and he was still kind of doing that same kind of character. And it, that was the weird thing about the store in 94. It's like You know when a wave hits as shore and then pulls back. You see like driftwood and shit just gets stuck on the beach. That was the story in 94.


Yeah. Because Kinison was this wave and Kinison and that movement was this wave that washed over comedy in Hollywood. And then Kinison left the store and then Kennison died in a car accident. Yeah. And then I came to the store like two years later and it was like Beachwood, you know, it's like fucking driftwood and bottle caps and shit. Right. It's like There was a lot of guys there that should have not been doing standup anymore. They had been doing the same act for 30 years. It was weird. Bo Acts guy, like I was like, this is the comedy store. Like this is weird. And There was 18 people in the crowd. And then like Don Marrero would go up or someone legit would show up or Damon Wayans would show up and then you'd go, oh, there's still some good guys here.


There's still some good guys here. But it was when Kinison was around, it was packed because There was like this vibrant energy to comedy in Hollywood. and I missed that wave. God, I wish I could have seen it. Imagine That Robin Williams popping in Nuts. Fuck going. I hope he doesn't do my material. Yeah, he was in the crowd one night. I was at the Comedy Cellar and he was in the crowd. Yeah. Just sit. For some reason he was, he was drunk. It was like he, he had had a lapse and he started heckling me, but like in a playful way. Like he wanted to, like ipro wanted the fuck around. Yeah. So I, we, I did, I played with him. I couldn't, wow. I don't know where I got it in me, but I was like shitting on him for being Mork from work.


And he was laughing. He didn't jump up on the stage, which would've been fucking sweet. But, and then he hung out after I met him a few times. Fucking sweetest guy in the world. And not at all how he is on stage. Like very sweet. Yeah. Very calm, very minimal calm. Very, very much. Like interested in You. like ask you questions. Yeah. I met him once at the improv and I didn't know I was talking to him until like a couple minutes into our conversation. Oh shit. So I was, I did a show at the Improv. Then afterwards I was taking pictures. So I was in the front bar and there's a line of people, I was just taking pictures saying hi to people. And this guy comes up and he's, he's, he said, that was really wonderful. I really, really loved this one bit. And he's talking to me about this bit.


He's like, that bit, it's like, God, the courage to say that. and I'm like, this is Robin Williams. Like, because he had a big white beard and a hat on. and I didn't realize, oh well thank you man. I go, I really appreciate it. Thank and thank you for coming goes. Yeah, I really wanted to watch your set. It was really fun. Wow. Wow. and I was like Pretty cool. Wow. It was cool. But I was like, this is the craziest thing is he didn't introduce himself. I'm Robin Williams. He waited in line. Nobody noticed that he was in line. 'cause he had this big beard, a big beard and glasses and a hat on. Yeah. And it took me like, I was like, oh shit. Super nice guy. Yeah. Super nice guy.


I wish there wasn't that joke stealing thing connected with him, but I think in his defense, I think he was kind of crazy. I don't think he remembered he was doing it. I think it was just like, it was sticky. Jokes were sticky to him and then they came out because it was improvising. Yeah. and I read this article about him. That's A nice, that's a hopeful way of think. You hope he didn't know he was doing it. It was like, fuck it, I'm doing it anyway. I wanna make it. He used to steal so much from Rick Overton that he was getting, he would just call his manager and be like, he did it again. And they just cut him a check. But it was like, You know money doesn't cover it. That's your tool belt that's taking somebody's, Now he, it could be the difference between you making it and not making it.


Right. You can have one bit. Like sometimes for a comic, it's one bit that you base an entire career on. Yep. And you have this one bit and this bit shows you that with the proper focus and a subject where you're really connected to it, you can come up with a banger. So I, I, I can fuck. And you can headline and close with that. And if some guy just does that on tv, they have just hamstringed your act like you don't have a closer anymore. And maybe you base other stuff on that bit. Like maybe it's like it point, you point to it at previous times so that the end part, it's even funnier because it's kind of a callback like Oh. Yeah. And you could, I've seen it happen to guys where their career just Yeah.


Just tanked. You remember Larry, Larry Miller's closing bit on the 10 Stages or how many stages of being drunk? He closed with that shit for years and people demanded it because it was just a, it was an act out so you didn't get sick of seeing it. Right. Right. And he honed it over the year. I mean, he's such a craftsman. He's such an exacting performer and and such an a precise writer. And then I saw some guy doing that bit and I was like, dude, I mean I hate to bring up Mencia, but like, it was like that thing with Cosby with the football thing. Like Yeah. Like dude, that's like exact, Not only that, it's a legendary bit.


Yeah. That's what's crazy. But I think people did things before they understood the internet because they didn't understand that there's gonna be real consequences. It's not just some people talking about things. It's a video that shows the Bit by Cosby and then your bit back to back. Yeah. You could, there's a thing that happened because of the internet where it wasn't a rumor anymore. It was like you could just see it right in front of your face and go, oh, there's no way. Well, especially when it's more than one bit. Yes. And they put a compilation together, then it's like, wow. There's also, there's a thing that happens with those guys where you see there's a stark contrast between the material they steal and the material they write themselves.


Like the material they write themselves. It doesn't make any sense. It's like they're doing a caricature of the, the guy who is killing with the jokes with that same attitude. But now you have nothing connected to it. But you have all this confidence, but it doesn't make any sense. And when they get caught, then they have to do their own stuff. And you usually, it's a fucking drop off a cliff. Yeah. It's a drop off a cliff. The difference between the early stuff where they weren't stealing or they were stealing rather. And the later stuff where they have to write their own stuff. Well also when you get guys that aren't just taking and not, and not just guys, women obviously, obviously who aren't just taking the jokes, but they're taking the persona.


Like, how many guys did we see being Bill Hicks back in the Day? Oh. yeah. Well There was a sign in the green room of the punchline in Atlanta. Quit trying to be Hicks. Oh really? Yeah. No. Yeah. Somebody the back, the back green room of the punchline Atlanta or Yeah. In Atlanta was awesome because There was a bunch of people that signed the Wall. You know the walls were all signed. And it was like, wow, that guy like Mitch Hedberg and, and there's big sign somebody wrote, quit trying to be Hicks. That's awesome. Yeah. That was a great club. Atlanta Punchline. Oh, perfect Club. Oh, perfect. Old wooden club. Yeah. Perfect club. And it had, they must have done comedy 30 years there easily Oh. yeah. They moved to a, they moved to a, it's funny because it's not as big of a place and it's connected to like a diner, but it's still kind of got the magic Oh, of the old punchline.


Yeah. That's great. Atlanta crowds. We did a nice theater in Atlanta one time. Yeah. Remember that? Yeah. Yeah. That was fun. That was funny shit. Yeah. Atlanta's great. It's a great comedy place. Yeah. It's, you know, it's, it sucks. They had to lose that original spot though. That original spot was so perfectly designed. I think it was literally crumbling by the end. Was it? Yeah. I think, oh, the building was falling apart. I think There was a tear down. Yeah. and I just like, there's something about old clubs where you really can feel the history Oh. yeah. Like Zanies Zanie in Nashville. Yeah. Yeah. And the punchline at San Francisco Field in the walls Denver for comedy works. Oh. yeah. I'm there next week. Yeah. You feel it in the walls. Yeah. It's like so many people have laughed there.


So many people have had good times there. It's like burned into the building. And also I think the, the staff, you can tell a great club because you go back year after year and it's the same staff. Yeah. You know you got people that, you know, it's a waitress that she's been working there 20 years, but she's got a day job. But she's like, fuck that. I'm come, I'm still coming in on Friday nights because these are my friends. You know. Right. and I get to see all the comics that I've loved over the years. Yeah. And yeah, the the, all those clubs that, and then you go to some of these bigger clubs where they're like a chain and the turnover is fast. Yeah. It's a big difference. Yeah. It's also, it's like if you have a regular job at a restaurant or something like that, like Yeah.


Isn't that boring? Yep. Isn't that boring when you rather go see comedy? Yeah. Have fun, laugh. Everybody's drinking. It's like festive environment. Yeah. Even if you're not like listening to the comic, if someone's killing you in the room and someone's killing it feels good. Yeah. Yeah. She's got some good energy to it. I know. And it's also, my niece moved out to San Diego and I got her a job as a waitress at the Comedy store in La Jolla. Oh wow. And so she hit the ground running because like You know you don't know people. And all of a sudden she's working with a staff of people that are all funny as shit. And they work together and then they all go out for drinks afterwards and, and now she's got a real job and she's, yeah. She's still working there one or two nights a week. That Comedy store in La Joa is another one of those places. It's a classic room.


Classic room. You can kill That Room. Oh. yeah. I know. Quite a few people have done specials there. Albums there. The, well, I think stores. Yeah. I think the store is actually setting out to do a bunch of specials down there. They've got great place to, they've got some good people that they've kind of hired to do a production wing of the store. It's a Perfect room. Yeah. Perfect room. Yeah. It's like, it's actually even better than the OR because there's less people going in. Yeah. Like there's less noise like the, or has the problem with that hallway. That hallway sucks. And it's also not la. Right. So you've got A little bit of a better cross section of people. Yeah. Yeah. More fun. Yeah. Less pretense. Yeah. Yeah. That's a problem with la Everybody in the audience wants to be on stage.


Yeah. If even if they're not fun, they wish they were or they Could have been. And maybe that Could have been me. Yeah. You know where they, it's not like, this is Mike You know Mike has a fucking, runs a John Deere factory. He likes to go out with his wife on the weekend. You're right. And laugh. That's it. Like a normal guy. Yep. Just a human. Yeah. You know everybody wants, like, that whole town is at least poisoned by people that wanna be famous is at least some aspect of it. The radiation from that Chernobyl is in everything, in everything that everybody does. There's a certain percentage of bullshit that exists in normal conversations in Hollywood that just doesn't exist in the rest of the country.


No. I was just in New York last week and all anybody talks about in New York is they talk about politics in a smart way. They talk about culture, they talk about writers and, and then you go back to LA and they just all talk about show. Like even though your doctor, your doctor wants to talk about his famous clients Oh. yeah. And he's got head shots on his wall. It's like you're a fucking doctor. Yeah. I don't care that Leonard Nemo used to come here. Yeah. He's dead. You failed All headshot. Hmm. All over the wall. Yeah. It's so Strange. My shrink said to me one time, he goes, I was telling him about how I was down, I dunno if you remember this, but I used to do Stern a lot and Stern.


I asked him to write the forwards to my book. And do you remember the story? I do remember. Yeah. Yeah. So he basically ran me through the mill and it was, it was a bit, it was a radio bit You know. It wasn't mean-spirited, but it It was a little mean-spirited. Well It came off, it came off way worse than the reality of it was 'cause he, well Explain it to people that don't know what we're talking about. Well, So I asked him to write the forwards to my book and then he, he said on the air, there's a million things I'd rather do than sit down and write this for. and I think the, I think the, the intent was he didn't want people coming to him and ask him to do things like this or he'd be doing it all the time. So I, I asked him to do it and he just starts busting my balls and calling me at home and saying, I don't wanna do this and blah, blah blah. So I go to my shrink and I'm talking about I depression.


Just let that sit for a second. And he says to me, he goes, it's so weird. I have a, he should have never fucking told me this. He goes, I have a patient that came in and he said, he's having a hard time lately. And I said, well what's going on? And he goes, well my boss at work is a fucking douche. My wife keeps telling me that I'm not You know emotional enough. And then there's this guy named Greg Fitzsimmons on the Howard Stern Show and they're just torturing him. It's just so, and I go, you shouldn't fucking tell me that. Oh my God. He shouldn't have told you that. I know. And now you're walking through the streets thinking everybody stares you. He is like that fucking loser. Yep. Look at him. Yeah.


That's the problem with having that kind of a platform. But, but I'm better now. My depression is never been better. What'd you do different? I got way more disciplined about working out. You could probably see it. Look at That. Guns I guns. I'm doing yoga. I'm doing Well. They say that that is 1.25 times more effective than SSRIs. Yeah. Regular exercise. Yeah. Regular exercise. I meditate just meditated before I came here every day. I think that's 90% of what's wrong with people. Yeah. I know that.


It's such a meathead perspective, but I think everybody should do something physical. I think we have requirements. I know you don't want to do it, but I think we have requirements. Just like you have to brush your teeth. Just like you have to eat food. Just like you have to take vitamins. I think we have requirements. I think you have requirements to move or it fucks with your head And gym class used to be in 10 at school. Oh. yeah. Used to, used to have a fucking locker and shower after third period because they just made you run like an army obstacle course and do pushups and jumping jacks. Bro. We played dodge ball. Yeah. Yeah. We Grew up with dodge ball, which was crazy. You were whipping balls into people's faces.


Yeah. Your heart was racing. Yeah, dude. And you're chasing people with the ball. Yeah. And if you catch some kid who fucking stumbles, he's getting it right in the face. Right. That game was nuts. And Nuts was co-ed and the girls went down fast. It's horrible. Yeah. You see the big red welt on the side of the leg. Yeah. The Irish girl with the pale skin gets fucking tanked. It was horrible. It was horrible. She got varicose veins on her neck to this day. Yeah. There's some people that were really good at throwing that fucking dodge ball too. That shit was terrifying. Yeah. Those kids with the long arms and They got rid of that. Yeah, they got rid of that. But Dude, we used to run laps. Oh. yeah. We used to fucking Run laps. Sure. And then, and then you felt good and you went back to class.


I taught my kids their gym classes weren't shit. They didn't have to do anything. The hardest thing I ever did when I was a kid was wrestling. I did one year of wrestling and it was, but I couldn't do both that and TaeKwonDo at the same time. Yeah. It was just too much. and I had to make a decision and so I, I, I picked TaeKwonDo mostly 'cause it's easier. Yeah. It was way easier. Right. To, the training for wrestling was so hard that I would be like in school, I'd be like, my brain was like half on. Yeah. I was just thinking, oh my God, we're gonna have to run stairs tonight. Right. Oh my God. We're gonna have to do live drills and fucking firemens carry, carry each other up the fucking stadium stairs.


Like There's no tougher training, man. Wrestling is brutal. But my, my son, he was having trouble when he was in, I can know preschool. He was biting kids. He was like crazy. And so the teacher said there's this place called Marina TaeKwonDo in Venice. Great program for kids. So he started in preschool and he went all the way through eighth grade. He got his black belt, his junior black belt. And it changed him. Fucking changed him. He became disciplined. It calmed him down. Yeah. He used to go like three or four days a week. Yeah. I think it sounds crazy, but I think it's a requirement for kids to do something physical and really would help if you did something scary like a martial art.


It's just good for developing your brain and developing your ability to do difficult things. When he, when he got his black, I don't know if they always do this, but when he got his black belt, they had a, he had to do You know certain, what do they call 'em? Katas? Is that the, Depends on Kass. A Japanese word. Yeah. He was, he was, I think Ja, he did his katas and then he had to break some boards and then he had to do whatever. And then he had to fight to black belts like at the same time. And he had to go like three rounds at the same time at the same time. They fucking sicked him on him and Mr. Jones, Keith Jones shout out. And it was tough. And he, they came out and he started crying and Mr. Jones sat him down and he goes, you're gonna get back in there, you're gonna finish this.


And he went in and he wiped his tears and he fucking finished. And then he got his black belt. It was badass. Oh. yeah. How old was he? We started in kindergarten since this would've been in like, I don't know, sixth or seventh grade maybe. that was kind of crazy. Kind Of crazy to give a kid a black belt. Yeah. Little Kids. Yeah. Because it's not real. Yeah. You know, it's like different schools have different requirements and different belief systems when it comes to that. But somewhere along the line, that's where the term Mc dojo comes from. Oh. Somewhere along the line they developed these strip mall karate places. It Was in a strip mall That would, they would graduate children all the way up to black belt.


And they would also, they, they made it real easy for you to do it where you didn't spar. And they do started doing a bunch of stuff to make it less realistic but less attrition. So less people quit and so they make more money. Ah, I see. And so like some of these schools that have hundreds and hundreds of students, they'd be making bank. And then There was like, There was like a place called Fred s when I was living in Boston. And Fred s was a karate. It was a chain. They were, they were all over the place. But the people that came out of there, if they had to fight, they'd be, maybe some of them would be good, but it's not the best place to learn. It's a Mac dojo. Yeah. you know, it's a, well the good, they taught you karate, but Yeah.


You Gotta do it in a real place. You gotta do it in a, a fucking real place with real savages. Yeah. That's the only way you're gonna get good at it. Right. Right. You gotta get to a real scary place where there's a bunch of people and they're fucking sweating and kicking the bag and, and you gotta, that's where you gotta go. But I do think there is something to giving a kid a goal. Yes. Like you're gonna get your blue belt. Yes. And you trained for that and you're gonna get your red Belt. Junior black belt's not a bad thing to call it. Yeah. As long as you're calling it a junior black belt. Yeah. It's like you are not a man yet. You don't really have the ability to hurt people. You know, most people don't really have the ability to hurt people until they're like 15, 16 to 17. Then you can really hurt people and it comes quick. It goes from you being a boy. Right. When you are 12 years old, you are a boy.


When I was 15, I was fighting men. So from 12 to 15. Yeah. So when I was 15, my instructor was crazy. And he would, he would put you in like you were young teenagers. He would put you in tournaments in men's tournaments. 18 and over. Wow. Yeah. Just say you're 18 and they'd just put you right in there. No shit. Oh my God. It was terrifying. Wow. Terrifying. So you go from not being able to hurt people to knocking grown men unconscious in a, in a short period of time. It was the first time I knocked a grown man unconscious. I was 16 years old. Wow. I head kicked this dude and knocked him unconscious and I was like, this is crazy. Was that legal?


He was snoring. Yes. A hundred percent. Yeah. It was full contact. He was snoring and I was like, this is nuts. and I was 16. Yeah. I was like, this is cra. So that's like a real black, I was a black belt when I was 17. That's, but it was a real black belt. I was fighting black belts. I can hurt you. You can't really hurt anybody when you're 12. Yeah. But that's what's so nuts. In five years you become a fucking machine in five years. Five years go. I've been here for four years. I've been living here for four years. Nothing's changed. I'm exactly the same person. Yeah. But from 12 to 17, you're a different fucking human being. Yeah. Yeah. And also when the fear of being physically hurt is driving you to push yourself to be better.


Yes. That's real. Yes. Yeah. Well, it's also, you don't have your responsibilities. You have nothing to do. You have hormones for the first time in your life. So you have all this fucking energy and this fucking rah and you're, your whole day. You can just dedicate to this crazy thing and go around kicking people and then, and learning something and getting better at something where everybody else is just listening to Led Zeppelin, smoking cigarettes and trying to figure out if they're gonna go to college. And you're out there doing something nuts. Yeah. My, my nephew Rowan, he grew up in South Africa and he was like, You know had every letter, a, DHD, whatever. He had it all.


And he was, he was the, the number one most, he, he got the record at his school for the most detentions. They kept track and they like gave him an award. And then he found rugby when he was like 14. He started doing rugby hard and he's a big thick kid. And he became an animal and it straightened him out. He's, right now he's at Columbia University. He was, he was in the Navy. He went out for the Green Berets. No, the Navy Seals. Have you seen? And he just missed it. He was, he made it all the way to hell week and then got dropped from the program. That's crazy. But because he was in the Navy, they gave him a full ride to Columbia. They pay him, they pay him to go to school at Columbia on, I guess it's the GI Bill.


Is that what they call it? Probably Something like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think putting a kid who's got some, because you get anger when you, when you have all these learning disabilities, you get very angry. Oh. yeah. You know because you're not fitting in, you're not doing as well. You're trying your hardest and you're coming up short and you get fucking angry and you need something to focus that on. I think all kids need something to focus. Yeah. They just need something. It's too easy to just be lazy and boom. My life is terrible. Yeah. Because you're not doing anything. You're not getting excited. You do stuff. Yeah. Like how many kids were depressed in the 1920s? They were only depressed if they were starving. Mm. They were running around. I think the whole country was depressed.


It was the Depression. Yeah, that exactly. Oh, that was the thirties. Yeah. Let's go with the, the teens. What the thirties was the depression, right? Yeah. So the Roaring twenties was before the depression. Everything was going pretty good. Was good time. Yeah. Pretty good. But they were ruthless. Yeah. We, we call bullying. It was like normal life. That's everybody was fucking horrible to each other. Well, because they were recent immigrants. Yeah. And they were fighting for turf. They were fighting for jobs. The Irish and the Italians were fucking fighting each other. They need food. Yeah. Yeah. They weren't exactly sure they were gonna get food. And they and they had 11 brothers and sisters. Yeah. So they were fighting at home before they even left the house. Yeah. And good luck getting something that has a vitamin in it in the winter.


Everybody's malnourished. They were horribly malnourished. Yeah. if you lived in the city in the 1920s and it was fucking 30 below zero out, there's nothing coming in or out. You ain't getting no tomatoes. Right. Like where are those coming from? You're gonna get a horse to drag those from New Jersey. Like, what are you talking about? Yeah. There's no food here. Cabbage. That was your only vegetable. Yeah. You got canned food. You ate canned food for six months. Ah. Back then before shipping. You think, just think how nuts it must have been to live in a city before there were any trucks. Yeah. You had the Ice man, the you. Every couple days an Ice Man would come to your house and put it in your box. You, That's what the ice in Pasadena was.


Oh no shit. Yes. Wow. Before the Ice House was a rock and roll club. It was a, I think it was briefly a rock and roll club then became a comedy club. It is the oldest running comedy club in the country. Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah, the Ice House was the oldest and the Ice house before it was any of those things was a place that would store giant blocks of ice. Wow. So you'd go and get a chunk of ice. They would take some ice from fucking Greenland or some shit. They weren't even making it. How Did they even keep that thing cold? And they got it to America. Crazy chunks of ice. And they would get it to the cities. Yeah. You can get it in the July. They get you a chunk of ice. How the ice man coming.


You know what, how much loss did they have in ice? Like how big does the ice have to be when you start And how heavy is that shit to ship it Over? Oh my God. if you, if you got a truck filled with ice. Okay. Like what year did they start bringing ice around? Let's find that out. Yeah. Like what year did that become a thing? Because You know it wasn't a thing at f like during the pioneers days there wasn't an ice truck that would show up. There's no way to get the fucking ice. you know, when those people were trying to make their way across the country, no ice. I'm Gonna guess 1890. I think it's gotta be after trucks. I think it has to be. 'cause you gotta get it around so it, you can't put it on a train. 1910.


When, when did trucks start? Oh, 19, 20. I'm watching Peaky Blinders. And as the years go on, their cars get better. Yeah. It's interesting. You know because it's kind of historically accurate in terms of the cars they were driving at the time. It's really interesting. 'cause in the beginning they just like a, a bikini top over this shit box. Little fucking eh, little rattle machine. Yeah. Then at the end they have like Bentleys. Yeah. And they close the door and it's luxurious inside and You know. But I would say trucking probably early 19 hundreds. When do we got, I wanna say like 1910. So what year was the first ice delivery? In which country?


In the, in America. When did they start delivering ice? Well, Scandinavia, they just fucking walked outside. They brought, I think they brought the practice over from England because it says it started in England in the 16 hundreds. Right. Oh right. But I'm saying when did, when were they able to do it in America? Because You know, even if they do it in England in the 16 hundreds, you probably get a, a fucking cart dragged by horses from the mountain. Like how far away is their ice? They did, it sounds like they grabbed it from lakes here In America. Yeah. Since it was a major part of the early economy in New England and the United States saw fortunes made by people who transported ice and straw pack ships to the southern states and throughout the Caribbean. Oh, so they only did it in the winter I guess.


Yeah. You just get it from Canada. Wonder How long you keep ice. if you have like a Yeti cooler, you can keep ice for about seven days and then it's In the summer. It's pretty amazing those How much you write a book about the history of ice because Those big thick ass coolers like a Yeti cooler that you would take camping. Yeah. You can get, those are amazing. Yeah, I got one of those. You can keep ice for 7, 8, 9 days. Which is nuts. Yeah. And if you, if you take a Yeti and you take like a milk jug filled with water and freeze that and put a bunch of them in there, it'll stay cold forever. It'll stay cold for so long. It got large block of ice like that. This Is it from the seventies. But this is just says like ice extraction. Oh this might not be them selling ice. This looks like these guys are gonna die.


Die. They got axes on the edge of the water that does not seem that thick. Ah, take your ice and you put it in an ice box. Which Ice box used in cafes of Paris in the late 18 hundreds. Wow. It's a box to store ice. So How did they get the ice to them? Well this is, look at The first recorded use of refrigeration technology dates back to 1775 BC in the Sumerian city of Turca. That's why I asked which country. 'cause this goes back further than England. It goes all the way back to Yeah. Seventh. Same, same Time I was off by four people. This is the same story Years. Because that's CUNY form. That's that's exactly the same story. This it's Mesopotamia ice, the same country ice Pits. Ice pits from the seventh century.


BCE Wow. Alexander Great stored snow and pits that they dug for that purpose. Wow. Imported It from the mountains. Straw covered pits. So they, they recognized that they could kind of insulate it. You'd sell it at a snow shop. Wow. Ice that formed the bottom of the pit sold at a higher price than the snow on top. Oh. yeah. More expensive for ice Because it didn't have piss in it. That's the, that's the delineating factor. How many guys pissed In that pit? At least one. Yeah. The French is serving up some chocolate ice cream. Did you mean this to be chocolate? At least one guy pissed in there. Yeah, for sure. Yeah.


There's not a chance in hell. Nobody pissed in there. All not a chance in hell. Do you eat snow? Like when you go out hunting in, in the, You can eat snow. I mean there you're gonna have a certain amount of pollution depending on where you are. Yeah. Right. You're, you're eating, you're eating what's in the air. Right. It's amazing how bad it gets in New York in the winter. How fast that shit falls in an hour later. It's gray. Well there's in New York you have a lot of things going on and one of the things that people don't take into consideration is brake dust. You have a lot of brake dust. Ah. So you have all these cars that are constantly doing stop and go traffic. So the brake dust in the air is, it's pretty significant. That's shit that you get in the inside of your wheels, your car wheels and you have to clean off that black stuff.


Yeah. That's brake dust. Ah. So that's spraying out from every car in the 4 0 5. So like when you're riding your bike, I'm being healthy You like literally breathing in brake dust. You fucking psychopath. Yeah. You're just no filter. Taking it right in the face. This looks Like, is that central park or something close to it? It says it was the first one in the United States. The first ice pit. Ice pit. When was that? 13 feet in diameter and 18 feet deep. Many times of ice were cut from a nearby river in the winter transported by wagon to the ice house deposited into the ice pits. The blocks of ice fused into one giant mass gravel at the bottom of the pit. Drained water from the melting in the thick stone walls and straw insulation minimized heat loss from the ice house above.


Morris claimed he was able to preserve ice from one winter to the following October or November. Wow. Whoa. That's crazy. So utilizing the 40 54 degree constant temperature underground people have been storing ice in caves and pits since at least the Roman times. That's pretty dope. Oh look at this. It relied on a natural phenomenon but also an overwhelming, massive ice. Good drainage and the super insulation of the building above the ice pit to provide refrigeration through hot Philadelphia Summers. Pretty fucking dope. Yeah. 16 feet deep. And they would just store ice. And that's how you get your ice For nine months.


That's pretty amazing. Yeah. People are pretty goddamn ingenious. You know human beings ingenuity to figure things out. How do we keep this fucking ice when it gets hot as shit out? Imagine if we can keep the ice, what do we gotta do? Yeah. How about dig a hole? How cold is it down there? It seems colder down there. And just experimenting how long you can keep ice. You you putting massive blocks of it from the river. Yeah. And stacking it and then you're gonna sell it. Right. And people Yeah. And all these experiments, people are dying. Well that, that didn't work. Right. But You know everybody died A nice whiskey with a couple of ice cubes in the middle of July. That's worth it. You know with your friends at the country club clink.


you know how they get this? I got a guy Maybe they call, that's why they call it on the rocks. 'cause it's surrounded by rocks in the pit. No, I think it's ice cubes like rocks. Right. Well there's a lot of schools of thought on this. Isn't it funny when you go to some restaurants, they give you a hot rock. You cook yourself on what? Like Ooh. Exciting. You never done that? No. No. A hot rock. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They like, they'll give You like a, it'll literally be a hot rock that you can't touch. And then you have little strips of steak and you lay them On the rock. Oh. Like a Korean barbecue place Like Wagyu. They'll do it at a, at sushi places. Yeah. Where they give you a hot rock and you put your little strips of I Love it.


Of beef on there and you flip it over. Yeah. Isn't it exciting that you're cooking for yourself? Yeah. And yet it's super expensive. Like You know. You know and they make you clear your own plate and go in the fucking kitchen and wash it. No they don't. No. You made that part up. But it is funny that it's exotic to cook your own food. Like how can't you do That? Yeah. Right. Isn't This what I'm here for? Yeah. Why am I cooking? I remember There was a Seinfeld episode, which Kramer was pitching a, a pizza place where you make your own pizza and he, he had a friend invest and the guy had a restaurant. He went outta business. Korean barbecue's fun though. Yeah. I like Korean barbecue. Yeah. That's fun. Yeah. But You know what you're getting into when you get there. It's not one dish that you have to cook for yourself.


Yeah. It's the whole experience. That's fine. Yeah. I know what I'm getting into. But if I go to a restaurant and you gimme a hot rock and like, here's your meat. That's the hot rock cooking on the rock. Like what the fuck are we doing here? Hey. But people love it. Like, I'm kicking my salad. Look. Should I flip it now? Yeah. Wait, shall I wait? When do I flip it? Yeah. And then you gotta go to the salad bar. I gotta, I gotta walk to get my salad. Mm. Well that's Brazilian Steakhouse. That's the the the sneaky move they have is all you can eat. Everything's all you can eat. But the salad bar is too. So before you eat, you go to the salad bar and you're eating fucking oke carts and cheese and this. And then they come by with as much meat as you possibly can eat.


And then you have a card, you flip it. If it's green on top, they keep coming by with different meat. And when it's red you tap out And I remember that we went to one of those places in Vegas? Was it Fo Decia. Fo Decia. Yeah. Fo decia Oh. yeah. That Was awesome. This place is the best. Yeah. because you just start eating like you don't have to wait for the food to like, the worst is when you're really hungry and you're in a slow restaurant. You're like, oh my God, this is killing me. Yeah. But if you go to a place like Foggo de Chow, that food's coming right at ya. Yeah. You could be stuffed in 10 minutes. Different cuts. Oh. yeah. That's when you gotta take a little walk. Yeah. I've never seen anybody go harder than Ari at Fog de Chao. It is insane how much he eats there.


Yeah. Insane. and I go, why? He goes, it gets a Jewish thing, free food. I go, are you serious? He goes, yeah, that's all I can eat. I just keep eating. I go, you kidding? He's like, no, not kidding. I can keep eating. Doesn't cost any more money. That's awesome. He's so Funny with it, but he's like, he's shameless. Yeah. Shameless. What the lamb chops? Yeah. Bring 'em Over. Yeah. I I thought I could keep up with 'em. I could not keep up with them. I was in South Africa one time and We were at the, at a game park called Palanas burg or something and they had a restaurant next to the game park and you would go there and I remember it was called carnivore. And you go in and they come over with skewers.


But it was like, you want some giraffe? Jeez. You want some hippo? You want some buck? Everything. I tried everything. What was Giraffe like? Giraffe is giraffe's a tough one? 'cause they seem to not wanna fuck with anybody. They're cool. You could, your baby could feed them at the zoo. You know. Yeah. It's the only animal at the zoo. Yeah. It's a giant fucking animal. It's 50 feet tall and your 2-year-old baby Yeah. Can give it lettuce and the little tongue comes out and wraps around and takes the lettuce and no one's worried about the giraffe doing anything harmful to people. That's a weird one to eat. Like if I could avoid eating a giraffe, I would like to.


Yeah. And how are they not dead? I mean they, how do you, how do they protect themselves? It just, well They stomp things first of all. 'cause they're, they're like a wild horse. It's like a giant antelope thing. Like what, what species is a giraffe? Like technically, what is it? Is it an antelope? Like what is it? you know, like a moose is in the deer family. Do You know that? Oh, okay. Moose is the largest of the deer family. It's like elk is in the deer family. Giraffe is a large African hoofed mammal belonging to the giraffa genus giraffa, the tallest living terrestrial animal. And the largest ruminant on earth traditional ruminant on earth.


Traditionally giraffes have been thought of as one species. Giraffa camels Camel With nine subspecies. So is a camel related to it is. Right? That's what I remember. I think it is related. Is a camel related. Just said as put in as a camel related to a giraffe. What do you think? I think they probably are. Yeah. Hmm. Okay. Giraffa kamila ar No Kaila Dallas camelo bardis.


Oh fuck that last word. How's that one go tip Giraff get part of their Latin name. Camelo Camelo. Barda from the long camel, like necks and leopard like spots. But they are more closely related to oka pies rather than camels or leopards. So they're not related to camels. Oh, look at that fucking thing. Oh, we've seen those before. Oh it looks like a a like a zebra fucked a deer or something. Doesn't it? Like It's like the bottom half is one animal in the top half is another animal. Beautiful Though. I don't know how you giraffe. How do you mix with a giraffe? Because how do you fuck it if you're Another animal?


Well you have to be another giraffe. Yeah. Yeah. That's why they don't mix with anybody. Draft. Do the fucking Yeah. I don't think anybody fucks the giraffe. The giraffe has to do the fucking has to decide. Yeah. It's gonna get down there. That's right. Yeah. You know trees like the acacia tree when giraffes eat them, all the trees that are downwind recognize that a tree upwind is being eaten by giraffes. And so it changes its flavor, flavor profile. It starts releasing these phytochemicals that makes it taste like shit. No shit. Yeah. This is an antelope's, the closest living relative to A giraffe. Okay. So it is an antelope species. The weirdest antelope is the one that we have in America.


'cause we have a, a Jurassic animal in America. The pronghorn antelope. Yeah. It's not like any animal in North America. It's literally an animal that was a part of the giant group of animals that lived in North America like 65,000 years ago. But it's one of the rare ones that's still here because it evolved to get away from a North American cheetah. Yeah. So it's, it runs way faster than anything. Nothing can catch those things. Wow. You ever seen them? No. Pronghorns? No. They, they're cool as shit looking. Yeah. They, but when you see 'em, when you, but that's not a good picture though. You, you want like a picture of the males Just pull up pronghorn antelope. The males have these crazy horns and these eyes that can see like probably all almost to the entire back of like behind their ears.


They have a crazy range of vision. It's big. It's like a deer size. I've seen them in the wild. They're really cool looking. I've seen 'em in Utah. Beautiful. Really cool looking. But when you see them run, you realize like, oh this is not from around here. They run so much faster than anything else. Wow. So like mountain lions, coyotes. Good luck bitch. You're not catching that guy. That guy's fucking insanely fast. See if you can find a video of one running. That's what this video is about. So it says Born to race cheetahs. So There was like 65% of North American megafauna was kill off somewhere around 10,000 years ago.


And these motherfuckers made it. But they're a part of that old group that included like the North American lion, north American cheetahs, There was a bunch of crazy shit that was here. Just You know 15,000 years ago. Yeah. Right. Crazy Shit. Dude. There was a lion that lived here that's bigger than the African lion. Like the biggest lion ever was in North America. No shit. Yeah. We had a crazy big lion here. Wow. That's pretty wild. It would make sense though, right? if you think about all the buffalo you'd probably like, there'd probably be a cat big enough to kill that thing. Yeah. You know some giant ass lion. Right? Like way bigger than the African lions. Yeah. I just saw a video on the internet of sloths having sex.


How Was it? It, well it was as, as exciting as you would think. It was like, first of all, like the mating call, like the female was like a mile away. And There was like, this is this little, like this little noise. And he just perks up. He goes racing down the tree, which takes like a day. And then he has to go through these like crock infested waters and he just keeps hearing the noise. He keeps going. Then he gets the other side and he climbs up the tree. There's another male, they like go to battle. There's like a sloth battle with their three little claws. Whoa. And then the guy gets to the top and he and the female's there and he gets on top of her and it's just like one stroke. Thi g done.


That was the whole thing. Wow. Like think about how horny those fuckers are. Like, like the average married couple. Like what does it take to get laid? You just, you just gotta listen to your wife for a little while. Yeah. How was your day? Yeah. And just listen and you're in. And even then men are like, ah. I dunno that just, it's a lot to ask. But just imagine having this strange urge to go where that sound is and not having any reference like the first time it happens to you. Right. Say your sloth, you're two, you get your first heart on like, this is crazy. And then you hear You like, yeah, why do I need to go towards that sound?


Like you don't even know what you're doing. You have no idea why you're going there. Yeah. Right. If the sloth has never been laid before, it has no idea. Yeah. Why am I being drawn to this sound? Why is this smell? It's all just instincts. And And That's the noise. Yeah. He's like, I'm getting some Is that all the sloth or was that one sound? The sloth. Oh there It is. It's Oh, that's pretty loud. Yeah. You Hear that? That's the bat signal for dick. Yep. And then, but, but the amazing thing is like, when you think about that, what drives animals?


Us being animals to do the things we, I was thinking about this when I watched this law thing. Like all the things that gratify us, that nature has taught us to procreate in order to You know whether it's eat your, your stomach hurts and, and the joy of the taste of food. All these things that are built into us as animals that keep us procreating the fucking even like, like you got an itch and you, you take your nails and you scratch it. Well There was probably a reason because there used to be bugs embedded in your skin or dry skin or like, everything that that we do is somehow built into rewards and punishments that, that are unconscious to us.


Yeah. You know. And are they gonna be able to pro can you program that into people eventually? Yeah. A a hundred Percent to alter behavior. Not just that, to eliminate all the things that make us human, unfortunately. Like you want the good with the bad or do you, what do you want? Like, 'cause the only way to have the good is you gotta appreciate that it's good. And how do you appreciate it? 'cause you've experienced bad. if you only get good, you get a spoiled rich kid and they're, they're a nightmare. Or you get Joffrey the king You know that's what you get. Yeah. Right. Yeah. No adversity. All the power in the world. Terrible for everybody.


So it's like you gotta have some down. It's like it's a part of the program. It's part of the program of becoming a better person. Like you have experience. Good and I think even in the world, unfortunately, we have to see evil to recognize that people are capable of evil. To really understand what kind of game are we playing here. Especially when it comes to like international conflicts. Especially ones that don't have any day-to-day effect on your life here in America. And whether you support them or you don't support them, like you're, it's not affecting you. Right. But it's affect, it's somewhere. if you were there, if you were in Yemen and you watched those fucking drones launch hellfire missiles into this wedding party, like you would recognize like there's a lot going on that's evil.


There's good and there's evil and it's real. And there's this weird battle going on with human beings and I think that battle almost has to take place to motivate people to be better. You think that's where there's war, cyclical war. There's no reason why. but shouldn exist today. There's no reason why as educated as we are in history, that we should be willing as a people, as groups of people to ever invade other places to steal their resources. There's no way we should be doing that at this point. With the kind of communication that human haves, human beings have with each other around the world. There should be a way to reasonably communicate and share goods and ideas and compete and take part in each other's commerce.


I sell to you, you sell to me. Everybody gets along. This should be totally doable in 2024. The fact that it's not, and that no one thinks it's ever going to be is what's terrifying about being a person. 'cause that's the thing that keeps you up at night. The thing like if, if one of these fucking assholes, one of these greedy cocksuckers that's under the boot of the military industrial complex decides to push it a little too far and someone decides to shoot a nuke off and then we're in this new thing where cities could just disappear. You know it's not, not just a September 11th where two buildings disappear and a bunch of people died and it's a horrible tragedy. No, no, no. The whole city gone boom.


One city down now shut the fuck up or will bomb all your cities now your power doesn't work anymore. Oh no. Where do you get your ice? Well you better go back to the old ways and get a fucking ice pit. Yeah. because you don't have electricity anymore. That's not hard to do. Like someone could take out our electrical grid pretty fucking easy. And these assholes that are in charge of the world in all countries that are still playing this fucking game of maybe will kill you all. Yeah. It's like a big game of chicken. And there's no like when We were kids, I don't know if that this happened in your school, but like we had drills Oh. yeah. We had nuclear war drills. Yeah. And like it was a day-to-day existential worry that people didn't sleep because of nukes Oh.


yeah. Those same fucking nukes are tenfold today in terms of the arsenals and way More people have them, Way more countries have them. Yeah. And there's way more when you look at what's going on in the Middle East, like that is a fucking, that that is gonna explode at some point. Yeah. And it's gonna happen fast because there's all these alliances where if, if one country does it, eight others are gonna do it the same day. Peter Thiel was talking about that, that it's the ultimate dilemma when it comes to nuclear power. 'cause nuclear power is more efficient than other power, and it's actually greener. It's probably safer for the environment, especially with the kind of nuclear reactors they're capable of build, building and designing today. But they didn't realize that if you give someone nuclear power, it's really easy to turn that into nuclear weapons.


They thought it was a lot harder than it was, and they did it for India. And he was saying, then they realized like, India got the nuclear weapon. It's like, oh, okay. So now we can't just give everybody nuclear power because then you have, everybody has nuclear weapons and what if it's some fucking warlord who's on amphetamines in the middle of the Congo and he decides he's gonna nuke his neighbor. Yeah. You know people can get crazy. Yeah. Especially if they have a lot of money. You know they're, they're selling drugs or they're, they're kidnapping people. Whatever they're doing. They got a lot of money and now they have a nuclear weapon. North, North Korea. Man, once North Korea has it, it's a fucking They have it. Do they? Yes. North, North Korea has nukes. No shit. Yes. Oh, they don't have the long range delivery systems. Yeah, They say they do now.


Yeah. Who knows. But they, There was a, a famous nuclear bomb that went off that they kind of denied in North Korea a while back. What was that? They think it might have been an accident. It's hard to tell, you know. 'cause North, North Korea is pretty tight with their propaganda. But I remember there There was some nuclear detonation was detected in the mountains and they were trying to figure out if it was on purpose or if it was a underground thing. Like, 'cause they do underground nukes too, which is crazy. Yeah. Just may trigger an earthquake, but let's find out. Yeah, let's just detonate a nuke a mile under the surface of the earth. Fucking psychopaths. Well, we did it in Oklahoma in, I guess it was like maybe the fifties or sixties Oh.


yeah. And they, they, the, the fucking, they didn't, they didn't tell people to leave the neighboring towns. And there's all these people, the cancer rates were through the roof. Here it says, okay, comprehensive test band treaty has been detected seismic activity of more than two dozen stations around the world, confirming that manmade explosions have occurred near North Korea's nuclear testing sites. For example, in 2016, the C-T-B-T-O detected a 4.85 magnitude seismic event, which North Korea claimed was a hydrogen bomb test in 2013, the C-T-B-T-O detected a 4.9 magnitude seismic event, which is about twice as large as the 2006 test.


So they just keep making them more powerful. Well, what magnitude was like Hiroshima? Oh, look at this one. In 2024, south Korea's Weather Agency estimated that a nuclear weapon blast yield was between 50 and 60 kilotons based on a magnitude 5.6 detection. The South Korea's government initial estimate was a hundred kilotons. And the N-O-R-S-A-R seismology center estimate was 120 kilotons. It's so crazy that a nut a crazy person. Just some fucking maniac dictator has that, like, you can, you could take, oh, you fuck my cousin.


Guess what? It's like, I'm gonna fucking, I'm gonna nuke your town groceries. Or they want a legacy. He or she was only about 15 Tilton Nagas. So four times size Naga, 25. Holy shit. Isn't it funny that Hiroshima gets all the credit, but meanwhile they got the bitch ass bomb. That's right. One was an atomic and one was a hydrogen. Right? I, I don't know. Is that the truth? I think so. The little boy, Is that the big one? Is that the one that was on Hiroshima? So a little boy was Hiroshima and Fat Man was Nagasaki. Wow. Imagine you get your fucking, your instructions.


You're a fighter pilot. And that's what they tell you. Yeah. That's what you're gonna do today, right? What are we doing? You're gonna be the guy. What do you mean? You're gonna be the guy that drops the bomb. Yeah. What bomb? We have a nuclear bomb. Yeah. What does that mean? Like, what does this thing do? Well, you're gonna drop it and then you gotta get the fuck out of there. Right, right. Because the, and Don't look back as it'll rip your eyeballs out. Explosion. That might be my tea mug that you just grabbed. Oh, is that it? I think so. Oh, I'm sorry. I just poured coffee in it. I'm sorry. Yeah, No, I'm done with it. I thought it was My coffee. I'm onto coffee now. There's too many mugs. I got confused. I I was not seeing my mug because the microphone was like, perfectly shielding it.


I was like, oh, that must be my mug. The, there's a great series on Netflix right now about the Cold War. It's like three, three episodes, but it goes through, you know, just the espionage that went behind it all. And you know, how, how they, how the nuclear codes got to Russia, because was it the, what was the It was the, the couple The Rosenbergs. Oh. yeah. And There was a few people that basically got the information to Russia. And then once that happened, like everything fucking changed. Like after World War ii, basically in World War ii, the, we bombed Japan. Not because they weren't gonna surrender. There was like, this is what this documentary talks about. That There was an end in sight. That they were, they were crawling, they were on their knees.


But Russia had sent forces into Japan as, as our allies to help You know finish the, finish the war. We didn't want them getting any of the credit. So we bombed bef while Japan was on route. While Russia was on route. We bombed Japan. Whoa. So once we did that, Russia was like, oh, it's on. Fuck them. We need, we need, and they, and they basically just, they realigned their whole military, their whole budget. Everything was about getting nukes after that happened. Those bombs didn't need to be dropped. That's So Crazy. Yeah. How complicated is that too? Because if they don't drop those bombs, we know the bombs exist and no one's dropped them.


Would, do you think it would've been worse if the world didn't see the horrors? You're probably right. Because as they keep getting better and no one's dropped one on anybody yet, and they went talking, shit, I'll fucking do it, man. I'll be the first guy. I'll be the first You know if Hitler had a nuke, you don't think you would've launched it. Right? A hundred percent. 100%. He's cranked up on all kinds of fucking drugs they had. They were shooting animal hormones into him. He was, they were experimenting on him. Oh, that's right. I heard about that. Yeah. This book, Norman Oler. Norman Oler. I've sold your book so many times. He's It's crazy story. Yeah. When he was in here explaining it all, he Hitler, this one doctor that he trusted. Yeah. He didn't trust the, the SS doctor. 'cause There was a lot of like, people wanted to get rid of Hitler.


There was a lot of attempts on his life. And this motherfucker had one doctor that was giving him all the goods. Yeah. And he was just out of his mind. Fuck If you gave that guy a nuke at that time. Yeah. 100%. He's new. Somebody. Of course, of course. 100%. What wouldn't he do? Like what was he not capable Of? Exactly. Exactly. And I think the same thing is true of Kim Jong-Un right now. I don't think he, I don't, I don't. He was friends with Trump. Trump went over and shook his hand. That's right. They're pals. Yeah. Seems Like you just need a friend. He's friends with Dennis Rodman. Maybe Dennis Rodman can be the like official Envey. Maybe Trump wins. Dennis Rodman becomes the official envoy and we fucking settle things out.


Smooth. Imagine things over. Imagine that. Imagine if that was how it all worked out. Yeah. Smooth things over. Yeah. Give the people electricity. Dude, it's so mysterious when you hear about people that escape from North Korea and they talk about how you literally, it's the thought police. You say, I just sent Jamie something. Oh. yeah, Oh. yeah. So funny that we're talking about this Oh. yeah. I sent Jamie something this morning that I saw where this guy has one of those crazy satellite dishes in his backyard and he picks up a channel from North Korea. So it's a guy in Ontario and I sent it to you on a text message. Yeah, but you sent That's not what you sent me. So the wrong link got copied. No way. You sent me like the football Video Stepsister, but didn't I? No, I sent you something before that. No I didn't. Oh my God.


I didn't You moron. What did I do? Did I save it? God, I thought I sent it to you. I must've accidentally sent somebody else. What? North Korean Guy that picks up satellites. Yes. It's Ontario, man picks up North Korean television. Fuck. I thought I sent it to you. Fuck. But he'll find it because it's, it's becoming viral now. 'cause it's really nuts. You see the propaganda? So this guy just tunes in to this broadcast of North Korea. 'cause he's got one of 'em. Remember when people had those? This the guy, they had those crazy dishes like that thing in their backyard. Yeah. Yeah. I remember a guy had that. I thought that guy was a wizard. Like look at em. He's getting TV from Ireland. He's watching snooker on the BBC.


So this is, this dude tunes into the North Korean broadcast, like whatever it is where they, that they broadcast through North Korea and it's all propaganda. And Kim Jong-un is like literally people fall down. Like he's the Beatles. Like when, when he shows up. Well, He, he shot a round of golf. He shot a 27. No, that was his dad in 18 holes. That was his dad. His father. Look how people freak out when they see him. Yeah. Yeah. He shot like nine holes in one. Right? Yeah. But also if you don't react like that, the police see you Oh. yeah. And they put you in a fucking gulag and they Yeah. For like five years. Yeah. You're fucked. You better cheer. Yeah. The, the power that he has is just absolute.


And then if they find out that You know you have a relative overseas that's badmouthing North Korea, your family gets put into a fucking camp. Yeah. Yeah. And not only that, it's a generation after generation thing. Like the children, if you have children in the camp, they're punished as well. Oh. yeah. It's terrible Shit. Yeah. It's so mysterious too. But basketball he does Maybe, Maybe Dennis Robin can choose it all. Dennis Robin. Yeah. If I had to pick one, eloquent, NBA star It would be Dennis. Dennis. Send him over there with like a bowling bag filled with mushrooms and just those two get together. Yeah. Meet God. Just like he'd fix this thing. He Fix it. He'd take that nuke like, like it was a fucking three point shot.


He'd just reach out. Stop it. Well, what he's gotta do before anything in that country is let those people be free. Like that. That is literally like a cult. It is like a cult. Like the, the power that that one guy has and that government has over their people. Have you ever seen Yume Park talk about her experiences in North Korea? No. She, oh, was she on here? Yes. Oh. yeah. I did see that. She escaped North Korea when she was 13. Yeah. That was crazy. It's crazy. Yeah. It's crazy Dude. And it's going into China. Like there's China uses, I don't wanna say which supermarket chain, because I don't wanna malign somebody, but one of the major supermarket chains, they have meat processing plants where they bring China brings in North Korean slaves.


They are kept in barracks with barbed wire fences. And they work for 12, 14 hours a day, seven days a week. And they get, they get paid like a hundred bucks a month. And then they come back to Chi, they come back to North Korea after like four or five years. And their families get this little fucking tidbit of money. But they don't have a choice because North Korea picks what they think are the best examples of what North Korea is because they wanna look good to China. And they send those people over and they're held, they worked as, as slaves for years. And they, and the American companies are buying food from these plants in China.


Jesus Christ. You know it's an article in the New Yorker about it. Well, if we're buying things that, I mean, that's one of the weirdest parts about manufacturing going away in America. 'cause so many of the things that we buy are from mysterious places. Like when people found out about what was going on at the Foxconn factories that we're making iPhones, that they had fences and nets all set up around the roof to keep people from jumping off. 'cause so many people Suicide nets. Suicide. Yeah. Oh. yeah. You never seen it? No. Fuck show those images. It's, it's bananas. So instead of fixing it, they said, You know, let's just make it harder to die. Like these people, they just, they don't want to work here.


Does The net, do you bounce off the net back, back into The factory? Do those nets. Oh My god. That's to stop suicide. Wow. That's all to stop suicide. That's how many people are trying to kill themselves because it, you're working 16 hours a day. You sleep there. They have dormitories. Yeah. And this is why your phone costs X instead of Y. And if we had American factories making all these things, you wouldn't have that consideration. You would know. Oh, they have to abide by regulations. And they, Well, and this doesn't even factor in the African mines where they're pulling up the, what's the metal that they need? The cobalt mines Oh. yeah. Where they You know. They send you, they send people into these mines that are like a mile deep and you maybe make it back up.


Maybe you don't, the elevator sometimes stop working. Oh, those you go, you go down there for You like two or three days at a time in the blackness. Yeah. Have you ever seen the video of a, the Chinese mind collapsing? No. See if you can find that. There's been a few, but there's one really good video of this collapse of this mine. It's fucking terrifying. Yeah, It's terrifying dude. Right. 'cause it's basically, they're dick, they dug into the whole side of this hill and then it just falls on them. Wow. This massive amount of dirt and land. And the smoke and the dust. You're like, oh my God, how many people are dead? Just crushed to death so that you can have an iPhone. Watch this.


Look at this. Holy Shit. Holy shit dude. Where is this mine, Jamie? What did it say in the beginning? Yeah, Mongolia. Mongolia. Here. Mongolia. Fuck dude. Fuck. Mines are terrifying. Yeah. You know you hear noises like Creek Creek and You like get The fuck outta Here. we go, fuck. Just get outta here. That was the Irish, we all came over, went into the mines. Well, all the people. The Appal ages. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Do You know why they say those people in Appalachia are more violent? Why? Because they come from hurting populations.


I think it was in, was it in Sapiens or whose book was that in Maybe one of Malcolm Gladwell's books. But it's basically they're saying that the reason why there's more like, like when they used to have feuds, You know like the the hat fields and the McCoys, that type thing. Yeah. And they would kill those, Those people Oh. yeah. Yeah. I think that was Sapiens. Yeah. Yeah. So the idea is that these people who are farmers, well it's very difficult to steal all your corn. You know you can't steal all your corn, but you could steal someone's sheep, all their sheep. And so if you're a herder, you have to be on guard constantly of thieves who come in and take all your animals all at once. You have to be super violent to protect your flock. And those guys came over here with that sort of attitude, Huh?


Yeah. That's funny. 'cause you think of like the shepherd is this like kind of archetypal figure of this guy who's just kind of laying back with a piece of hay seat in his mouth, chilling out. But now they're warriors. You Have to be Yeah. Because you'll lose all your food. Yeah. Like if you, if your family relies on those sheep, you have 20 sheep and you, you gotta follow them and graze with them. You have to bed down with them. Yeah. If someone comes along and tries to, that's why cattle wrestlers, they, they would kill them. They would kill horse wrestlers. People stole horses and cows in the old West. It was one of the worst things you could do. Yeah. You steal a man's horse, they'll fucking kill you. Steal a car today. Like you get a slap in the wrist. There's guys out there there stole 14, 15 cars. Nobody gives a shit. Yeah.


You know There was this comic. I did kill Tony last night. This comic came up and he said he is got a Kia. And it's been sold, it's been stolen four times this year. I guess Kia has some kind of a defect and you can, you can read about it online, but it's like, it's like super easy. Like old school hot wiring. You can just grab a Kia. So Yeah, I've heard about this. They get stolen a lot. Kia thefts. It's a big deal. Yeah. I mean the only downside is once you do it, you've got a, you've got a Kia. Right. That's the payoff. It's mostly kids Though. Mostly kids doing it. Yeah. For Joy rides. Yeah. Yeah. They can do it In like 10 seconds. It's happening all over the country. It's been happening For a few years. So they take it, go on a joy ride. Beat the shit out of it.


Yeah. They're just driving crazy. Oh. There's nothing more joyful than driving a Kia. Oh Well, I mean, if you don't have a car. Yeah. And you're just trying to have fun. Beat the Fuck outta They're not For it. Yeah. That's kind of hilarious. They could just steal Kias. I know. But there's Junk You know, but they're cheap and they don't break that much. Like if you just need something to get around. Yeah. It just sucks that they could steal 'em. So Easy. So you're going to, you're not gonna congratulate me. Bought the Mustang. Oh, that's right. I sent you a picture. That's right. That's right. I finally did it. I've been talking to you about, it's for 15 years. and I wanted a Mustang. and I always had kids in college. I, I always, I, I get fucking worried about money and I always spent my money on like trips.


Like our family travels a lot. Like that was a, cars were never a big thing. But yet There was always a teenager that fucking wanted a Mustang. And then finally I just fucking did it. Like, Which one did you get Two weeks ago? It's just a Mustang. Which, what? What model Eco is The bt the Eco Boost. You got the six cylinder engine. I don't know what It is. How is it? It's Funny shit. Yeah. I took it up into the Malibu Hills or Santa Monica Mountains the other day with my wife. And you've got those little like right serpentine roads and fucking, it handles unbelievable. And it's so low to the ground. Yeah. You turn and you just feel like you're turning with the car. Yeah. You're not used to a car like that, huh?


No, no, no. I was driving a Prius and a Subaru. It was awful. Now I feel alive for the first time. I knew you were gonna ask me if it was a fucking GT or Something. I was, yeah, if you're gonna get a Mustang, you gotta get a V eight. That's, that's a great Simmons move. Get that eco boost. Baby steps. So now you're hooked. I'm in. Now you're in. Yeah. Well now I got a little more money too. Yeah. My kids are out. Yeah, you're fine. Yeah. Spending money now I'm spending it like a fucking, like a main, it's been a good, I've had a good couple years, but like it's all going back. I put a lot of it into this special that I shot at your club, by the way. At the mothership. I heard. It's Great. It's out today. Oh did you? Yeah. I heard It's great. Oh, that's nice To hear the guy guys who saw it when you filmed it.


Yeah. Killed. Yeah. It was fun. It was You know because I was gonna do it before the pandemic happened and then that stalled it out and then I came back. I shot it at one place. Didn't, it meant too much to me to put out a bad version of it. So I edited for three months and then I just fucking scrapped it entirely. And then when I did, there we go. And then the great Adam Ott said, Hey, we'd love to have you, Joe would love to have you do a special here. and I was like, are you fucking kidding me? and I came in and I didn't have to do shit. I didn't have to like build a backdrop. 'cause old Brian Simpson, I think is the only guy that's put a special out from this place. So like that backdrop is, is beautiful.


And people haven't seen it much. Yeah. So I don't think it matters anyway. Like how many fucking times have you seen people do stand up from the cellar and you see the brick wall. Yeah. You don't go, oh, that brick wall. Yeah. I can't even enjoy these jokes. Right, Right. Yeah. But at the same time, like I wanted it to be special. It's been a long time since I put a special out. And this material is like, again, I've been working on it for like eight years. Mm. So I wanted it to really pop. And so I got in, I bought in 800 pound Gorilla. They shoot a lot of the specials and they just You know I spent some money and I did it right. And fucking psyched about It. Nice. And what's, is it gonna be on YouTube? It's on YouTube right now. It comes out today. YouTube Is the move man. Yeah. It's, it's such a good move for like getting your stuff out there.


You know you can, you could get millions of views and everybody can get it. You can get it on your phone. You could share it. That's the thing I love about YouTube is like someone can send it to me like a link to your thing and I can just watch it Right. Right away. Right. Which is nuts. Yeah. But there's no other platform like that. And it's Also you cans. I love that. I can see the comments You know Oh. yeah. I mean if you put it on Netflix or Comedy Central, I guess there's gonna be some conversation on certain places. But YouTube it's right fucking there And you can see how many people are watching it And You know, I just don't want my wife and kids to watch the last 10 minutes. That's where I start giving it The old lady A little bit. Yeah. Tell 'em to steer clear. Yeah. They don't need to see that. They Don't need to see your act.


Come on. No. Stay away from that. That's my business. Yeah. You can see the, That's for the rest of the world. Yeah. You can see the trips I take you on. That's all you need to care about. Dad's Mustang. That's all you're concerned about. Yeah. Now that you're hooked, I'm gonna get you into something more crazy Oh. yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Next one. We're gonna step you up A little Bit. No shit. Yeah. Yeah. You need to feel like you need to feel some real excitement. Feel the Rumble under the Balls. Yeah. Real rumble. Yeah. You either hear a V eight, you need to roll the windows down and rev it in a parking structure. Rumble. What was that Mustang? You drove into the comedy store one night. You had an old, you had like a 68 Fastback, was It? No, no.


That was probably my Corvette. Is That what You know? No. You had a Mustang. No, I definitely did. Oh no, no, no. I had a more modern Mustang. Oh, maybe That's what it was. I had a Shelby GT 500. Mm. It was like a 2012 convertible. It was great. Nice. It was very ruly. Yeah. Yeah. That was fun. That car was ridiculous. Any gas at all, when you're making a turn, the ascent kicks out any gas at all. It was so overpowered. Didn't have the fattest tires in the world. But god damn it was fun that like, that was the first one of those cars that I had ever gotten. Whereas a modern muscle car, I hadn't had muscle cars before. Like the old school ones. Yeah. But the modern ones are even more fun to drive. 'cause you can actually drive 'em. Yeah. Like they actually have good brakes.


They actually have good suspension. They're designed well. Right. Like if you get like a modern, like Mustang has a thing called the Dark Horse. So the dark horses, their like top end car that you can get with a manual transmission. It's fucking great. It's like 500 horsepower. It handles. Really. See if you can find Mustang Dark Horse that's the top of the line before they get into the GT 500, which is only automatic. So like the, I think the Dark Horse is the last one that you can get that's got a standard auto, a standard transmission. Right, Right. I need that. Yeah. You have a muscle car. I need that fucking, Yeah.


Yeah. I need that. That's it. That is a sick car, man. That's a sick car. I just love that they're still making cars like this. They're just full on muscle cars. But with like performance suspensions and great breaks. Now look At that fucking, I know. 'cause that was the wrap on old mustangs as they were fast. But they, you went into a corner and You like got slammed against the side of the car. Yeah. Look at that thing. Yeah. Nasty. Yeah, those are fun. I don't know what it is about Mustangs Drive. It just, it's just the American car to me. Yeah, Well they're fucking incredible man. And they've been around forever. Yeah. I have a 68. I have a a 68 like one that looks like Steve McQueen's one from Bullet Bullet. Yeah.


Yeah. Fucking Great. Yeah, that's the, that's the one. The 68. The great. Just, it's an American car, like a truly American car. Is it all new guts? The Oh? yeah. It's all new. It's for this company. Ology makes them, they take it from the ground up. It's basically a 2023 1968 Mustang. Yeah. You mean even clo, the doors close really well push buttons start like you, you feel like you're driving a new car. Yeah. But it sounds, sounds right. It feels right. Yeah. Like it's exciting. Oh. Yeah, I know. My wife wanted me to get a Tesla and I was like, I, I wanna feel it. I wanna feel that fucking rumble. Tesla's actually faster though, isn't it?


Way Faster. Yeah. My Tesla's my fastest car for sure. By far. Not even close. Yeah. It's 1.9 seconds. Zero to 60. Damn. That's insanity. Well it's insanity because then people don't hear you coming. Right. And you're going that much faster. That's true. That's true. But it's also, it gets you away from things like if you see something about to happen, you could, you could, you could get outta there quicker. You can merge on the highway like instantaneously. You never have to worry. Am I going fast enough? Like if I merge in this lane, am I, am I cutting this too close? You can just, you're gone and Are the brakes that much better? No, no. You could get upgraded brakes though. There's a company called Unplugged that will take it and they put upgraded brakes.


They widen the fenders and put wider tires on it and change the suspension and make it totter. But the brakes are good. The the brakes on it's, they're not the best brakes on my Tesla. Not, it's not like, like a Porsche's brakes like a Porsche with like ceramic carbon, ceramic brakes. Those are incredible. Like if you get like a really good modern brake set up, you know, six piston, six You know front brakes, there's big calibers. Those things can really fucking slow down a car quickly. So the Tesla's not as good as those. But it's good enough. It's, but it's a heavy ass car too. They're having a problem with guardrails. I was reading this thing about electric cars, like they drove, drove one of those Rivian trucks.


It just goes right through those guardrails. 'cause it's way heavier than a regular car. Oh no shit. Yeah, you have to think about that. Yeah. Rivian had a big callback I think. I think they're okay now. But they, they called back like every one of them at one point. Oh like a year ago. I can't remember what it was. But You know what's incredible. Have you seen a lucid, lucid Sapphire? No. Lucid Sapphire is, the company's kind of struggling. They're, they're having a hard time selling these things, but I think they have some Saudi Arabian money now, so maybe they're gonna be okay. But they have a thing called a Sapphire that's one of the most insane electric cars ever built. Wow. It's like a Mercedes. Like incredible attention to detail. Like incredible interior luxurious.


And zero to 60 is even faster than my car. I think their zero to 60 is something bonkers. Like 1.7 seconds. Whoa. Yeah. Scroll back up where it says the, the acceleration. Here it goes. Okay. 2.2 seconds to 60 miles an hour quarter mile of 9.28 seconds. Which is bananas for a car. Oh My God. Which that is so crazy. Yeah. I mean it is so fast. But it also has incredible, so it says the timer backs this up with more outrageous numbers. Zero to 60 and 1.9 seconds and then a 9.05 second at 154 miles per hour for the quarter mile.


Which is bananas. That's so fast. And it handles really well. Great breaks. Have you taken While on The Track? No, but it's a lot more expensive. I think those are like the, that one, the Sapphire. I think that's like a quarter million dollars. Where is it from? It's an, I believe it's an American car. At least it's made in America. I think they make 'em in Arizona. Insane car though. So They're they're doing 250 grand. Yeah. So they're doing cars like that now where it has all these things but you still have to charge it. But now Samsung apparently is coming out with a new battery for electric vehicles that they've apparently been working on that can charge in nine minutes and it has a 600 mile range.


I heard About that. Yeah. That's a game changer. Game changer. Yeah. Nine minutes is a game changer. That's a game changer. Yeah, but I'm gonna plug it in and I'm gonna run away because who fucking knows how long the amount of juice that's going into that batteries. Who knows if a gas gets loose or who fucking knows man, I don't wanna be nowhere near those batteries. Yeah, right. That scares the shit outta me. I know you seen those videos of guys getting in elevators with ecar batteries or e-bike batteries and the batteries explode. Yeah, I've seen that. And they just fry And people's houses burned down. 'cause they leave the, if you leave it charged in your garage, Oh.


yeah. It will ignite sometimes. And it Blasts fire. It doesn't just light on fire. It blasts fire. It's like it's all condensed in there. Yeah. And when it goes, it goes like a fucking fire bomb. There's a video of a guy in an elevator. It's horrific. He sets it down on the ground and it just like sparks and then just full on fills the elevator with fire. Wow. There's nowhere to hide. This guy, guy just cooks alive inside that Elevator. Imagine that you're trying to save a few bucks by getting an electric bike and you burn your house down. It's also, this is this ridiculous thing that we have where we think that that's eco-friendly. I'm gonna be eco-friendly. I'm gonna drive my electric pike.


That is not eco-friendly. Like you're using electricity. That electricity probably requires somewhere, somewhere someone's burning something to make that electricity. Whether it's coal or You. know, it could be natural gas. Something's happening where there's a combustion and that's how you're getting this electricity. What is that putting into the air? You lazy bitch. Not just ride your bike like a regular bike rider. Yes. You fucking lazy bitch. That that, oh, don't show me this. That Also doesn't even get into what we're talking about with the cobalt mining that has to go into it and the disposal of the batteries, which nobody really understands. I changed my mind. Show it, show it to Greg. Tell if you wanted. I was saying don't show it to me, but show, show it to Greg. Greg needs to see this. So this poor dude, he sets it down Now.


Look. Oh, it's before he even set it down bro. It just, yeah, death. Just death. Oh. yeah. It freaks me out. Jamie, stop it. I was looking in, they couldn't the, someone looked into what this was and There was a lot of stories on what it may have been. I'm not really sure what the was I'll tell you what a l was. you know what luxury her hotel is. You, you put me up in this beautiful hotel and the elevators are always there. That's the difference between a good hotel and a bad hotel. Right. When you have To wait, no matter what floor you're on, you push the bus. I swear to God, two seconds. The thing is there. And then I'm in the middle of, I'm on the road for a month right now. I'm home for two days 'cause I'm out promoting the special and doing road work on the weekends in between.


So I was like, yesterday I was like, fuck, I gotta do some laundry. And so I, I look on my Google maps. Is there a place for drop off service? Nothing. I, I would have to drive like 15 minutes in an Uber. So I was like, fuck it, I'll just do the hotel laundry and it's like a luxury hotel. So I put my clothes into the, into the bag. It was five pairs of socks, five T-shirts and five pairs of underwear. I came back, it was $105. Jesus. Like fuck man. You could have bought those. I Exactly. That's do Marre used to do that. He used to buy fresh underwear and fresh socks everywhere he went. No Shit. Yeah. Yeah. He goes, I don't wanna wash 'em. Yeah, that's great.


He made good money. He Didn't care. I did. That's if you're gonna spend money on Something, he socks Throw 'em away. Yeah. Right, right. and I don't buy expensive socks, you know. But I had already Again, who's making those socks? That's right. All right. You know the sheen. Is that that clothing company that sells stuff real cheap? I Don't know. Heard of that Jamie Sheen. I was just reading something today about people finding like letters like please help me. I have dental pain. Like that kind shit. Like I'm forced to be stuck here. Did did Sheen get in trouble for using child labor? Is there something about that And what store is selling sheen? I mean I know, I think it's an online thing. Okay. Because I know sometimes the big ones like Walmart, they get in trouble for some of the places they shop.


Well That's the thing man. It's like if you're buying something from an American store, you have no idea where it was made and how it was made. Conspiracy theory claiming she workers sent pleas for help and clothing has tens of millions of views on TikTok. There's no evidence to support this particular theory despite criticism of Sheen's business model. Yeah. But Google Sheen in trouble for child labor or confirms child labor. There was something about that today. There was some something in the news child labor. Yeah. Okay. This just says two cases.


Sheen says it found two cases of child labor and it's supply chain last year. So you gotta think, right? Like they send their stuff to factories to get those factories to make their stuff. If they found two in China, I mean China, they protect what's going on in these factories. Do you think, I mean does this count the North Koreans that are being held Right? Well maybe it's not for this company. Company said it did not find any cases of child labor in Q4 of 2023. That's real specific. Mm. Did you look start off. That was only found during Q1, Q3 or something earlier in the year. Okay. So in Q4 they weren't doing it anymore.


Which is weird 'cause that was one. but shouldn be, that was the kid's name that they caught with doing China. But shouldn be made in America. but shouldn be able to buy American stuff. And there's not that many companies that are selling things in America, unfortunately. Tom's shoes. Tom's shoes. Yep. Is that what you buy? It's called Tom's. Yeah. They, they, they sell your pair of shoes and they donate a pair to a third world kid that has no shoes. Oh that's nice. you know those barefoot kids? Yeah. That's nice. Not barefoot anymore. There you Go. What are the companies are, I guess Patagonia. They're very conscious about where they manufacture. Well I would imagine any of those like Rocky. Yeah. Mountain climbing people, companies.


Yeah. You. like North Face. Right. They'd have to be pretty ecological. Yeah. I heard RE i's not doing good. What do you mean The company? Their Practices or The company? No, the company's not doing. Doing good. Dude. I fucking love that company. Love that place. They got, they got one in Marina Delray. That's huge. and I don't know. I get so excited just walking through the aisles, finding cool shit. It's the only place where you buy waterproof matches on a whim again. Might need those. Right, right. I need a canteen that I can also take a shit into. I need a 100,000 lumen flashlight in case there's of fucking raccoon in my garbage. Boom. Motherfucker. I need a, do You see those flashlights? They have Oh. yeah, they have crazy flashlights.


Yeah. Yeah. Like some of those like LED flashlights. They, they're so powerful. It's bananas. How fast. But we used to have flashlights. They were bullshit. I know It. Like you had that one stupid bulb and that silver reflective area on the outside supposed to amplify the light from this one shitty light bulb. And you have to put in those like giant double D batteries that weigh like eight pounds that carry it around. I think they all need those now for, well I think with these really high lumen lights, the LEDs don't draw much electricity. Dude, all my camping stuff is solar. Really? Yeah. My lanterns are all solar. It's great. They and they, oh wow. They collapse. It's collapsible and then it pops up. I think it, it's a Coleman.


Mm. It collapses and then it pops up and then charges and it's got nice light. My Friend Adam Greentree, he does a lot of these solo hunts where he goes into the back country for like a month at a time. Just him by himself living off the land. And he has this, it's like a tarp. You lay out, it's a solar tarp, like you unfold it and he uses it to charge his phone. Charges cameras. Like anything he wants to charge. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. I bet you those boats, those people that take a boat from You know Hawaii to mainland us. They must have everything Must be solar. You have to have something solar. Yeah. Right. You have to have at least some kind of backup. Yeah. Like if your generator goes down, you're stuck in the middle of the fucking ocean. You can't even rescue You know like send a, a rescue message.


Yeah Dude, if you told me we're gonna send you on a sailboat to Hawaii, I would be like, I'll just die. You could just, you could kill me. Going into storms with 20 foot waves on his sailboat in the Middle of the ocean. Dude in the middle of the ocean. How about that guy that died in Italy? Do you hear that story? That crazy story? What happened? So There was this guy who was on trial. He was some billionaire character who was on trial for, I forget what the the charges were, but There was a very low probability of him beating the case. And he wound up beating it. And then he's on the island of Sicily.


He's around Sicily in the ocean and a water spout outta nowhere, hits his boat, sinks him and kills him. and I believe killed his daughter and maybe a few other people as well. And then some people swim to safety. Oh. But what are the odds that this water spout takes out this one guy's yacht? Right after this guy gets off on, apparently allegedly ripping off a bunch of very wealthy people. Oh. yeah. Now his co-defendant gets hit by a car. He gets killed too. No Shit. Nothing to see here.


Not in Sicily. That shit never happens in Sicily. I don't know if the co-defendant got killed in Sicily. The co-defendant might've got killed somewhere else. But I know they're both dead. Oh damn Quick. Yeah. It makes you wonder like don't fuck with rich people. Do not. Yeah. They 'cause they can make someone rich to get rid of you. Like what do you, how much do you think you're worth? Like if someone's worth $80 billion and you rip 'em off for like $5 billion, you're like I want this motherfucker dead. Yeah. And you have a, you go for a walk on a beach with a guy and everybody leaves their cell phones at home and you explain how it's all gonna get done. Yeah. And then a water spout just shows up in the middle of the ocean. I mean what do they, you they using satellites.


What? Access to fucking killer weather technology. They really have. Yeah. What do they have? Like let's assume this is a conspiracy 'cause it might not have been, it might be God. God might've said fuck this guy. Yeah. Which is horrible because he also said fuck the guy's daughter and a bunch of people working on the boat. But if God did that, it's pretty crazy. Right? Yeah. That's one option. One option is it's some strange karma that God just decided it's your time. Another option is just co complete coincidence. Just this took place to this guy. He's just on the ocean and shit happens. It's just crazy. Just circumstance. And people are gonna attribute it to a conspiracy. The other possibility is that they can do that. That some force in the world has the kind of technology that can direct a storm to a very specific spot that can create a water spout.


Seeding the clouds or something. Something probably more important, more complicated than that. Yeah. Like some sort of a direct energy weapon. Like something where they can do something with the ionosphere, do something with lasers. I dunno what the fuck they're using, but some kind of technology that can amplify weather and point it to a very specific place. Which is crazy to think like imagine if there's a hurricane machine out there. If we know that like Japan starts talking shit Oh. yeah. You wanna talk some shit. How about we saying the hurricane your way and you don't even know you could do hurricanes. So if you don't know that we're creating the hurricane, you think you just got hit by a hurricane. Right?


Like how much control do they have over storms Or sieges? Like a siege used to be you surrounded the city and you kept any food from coming in. Now how about a drought for a year? Right? Right. Maybe they can do that. Well they know. What does This say? The story says the potentially Could have been avoided if the ship had been, I don't wanna say treated or cared for correctly because they knew that a storm was coming and they didn't do some things they should have done. Including button down all the hatches, lift up the anchor and a few other things were on the list. I saw. So they're like, there's a investigation going in. They might have Interesting Manslaughter charges or something.


Probable the offenses were committed because of the way that people set the boat up. Yeah. They're Not even positive if like they could have survived that storm if those things were done is What they're saying. Stop trying to be a party pooper. I'm trying to promote a conspiracy Theory over here. So imagine if you do have control of the weather, what would you do? You'd start a storm first. Can't just have this water spout appear outta nowhere. Let's start a fucking storm. Guys out there boating. Okay, let's start a storm. Like can they start a storm? Well How much control, I mean I don't know anything about it except like, what do they call it? Cloud seating? Like is that that cloud seating's real? How much, how much control do we have over the weather now? Well cloud seating is real. They do it in Abu Dhabi once a week.


So they have, it rains once a week in Abu Dhabi. 'cause they're insanely wealthy. Right. And they're like, wouldn't it be nice if it rained? So let's fucking make it rain. So there's chemicals you spray in the clouds and there it's something about it changes the weight of the water vapor. But there has to be clouds. Yeah. I think there has to be clouds. But there's kind of always clouds. Like some clouds in Dubai though. Recently they had a disaster where they, they fucked up and they overamped and they got more rain than they've had in seven years. And so there's like supercars like floating down the street like mad flooding. 'cause they don't really have the in infrastructure to deal with that kind of water. Like just pouring down. Did you see any of that footage?


No. I'm pretty sure this has all been, they, they've all tied this into cloud seating. See if that's true. But the footage of the the flood is fucking bonkers. And So if there's cloud seating, will there not be fighting between places about who gets to pull the water from the clouds? 'cause you'll exhaust the air and the water eventually in the, in the sky eventually. I wonder if that's true. I wonder if there's more up there than we think there is. and I wonder what the negative consequences are. Like does it have an effect on other parts of the world? So that heavy rainfall continues to pound UAE. Several flights canceled. So it was, I had some friends that were over there while this was happening.


They said it was nuts. Mm. Like they're just not designed for that. So buildings were leaking, like everything was flooded. Like these buildings are not really set up. Oh wow. Look at all those cars like sunk underwater. These buildings, some of 'em are not really set up. Look at the fucking airport. That's nuts. It's like a swimming pool. Did they're not set up for this kind of rainfall or any kind of rainfall? They probably did a shit job building them and they didn't weatherproof 'em. They didn't think it was Gonna rain. Yeah, when you're in the desert sometimes that shit backs up. Yeah. But this is like raining for days. So was it because of cloud seating? Does it say, I mean, I dunno. Google that.


See if it's I, I'm pretty sure they attributed it to the cloud seating, which is nuts that they can do that. That's Wild. So we can make it rain. Do That. Yeah. Yay. No. So that's kind of simple though. That's not starting a storm and it's certainly not directing a storm. So it makes you wonder like, okay, that seems pretty straightforward how they do the cloud seating. But is there any sort of technology that's even feasible that would allow you to manipulate the weather? So like if we understand the conditions in which certain storms emerge, like hurricanes, it has to do with the warming of the ocean, the like the ocean water and, and Then a cold front coming in above It.


Yeah. There's a bunch of different factors that happen. Like would it be possible to mimic those conditions or to artificially stimulate those conditions? Is it even feasible? Like how would you warm the ocean? That's insane. It's so big. How are you gonna do that? Saying this is just a crazy weather event that happened with like a low pressure system not moving. Right. They had forecasted that it was gonna happen. Did they do any cloud seating though? That There's reports that cloud seating may have had the thing, but BBC says they're unable to independently identify whether cloud seating took place. Right. Because if I was working for the Uua, I'd be like, I don't know what the fuck you're talking about. Clouds seating. Yeah. Like, you know how much insurance is involved in all this? No, no, no. This just happened. Do you know how much money is lost there?


Just think of that. Think of how much repairs, how many cars got drowned? How I didn't do it. I don't know what fuck you're talking about. Yeah. Clouds heating. Yeah. What is a science fiction movie? Bitch? It's 20 people. That's the department of cloud seating. We're not cloud seating. And they fucked up. We're not cloud seating. We just Yeah, it rained. Yeah, it rained in the middle Of the desert, by the way. The B, b, c. Like when I think about, 'cause everybody talks about like, which news sources can you trust? And neither side trust the other side. BBC kind of feels like the place we can all go. That's pretty good. That's They're pretty good. Yeah. It's real hard with anything that's a corporation. Mm. if you really want to get news, I get some unbiased news.


I I there's a thing, what is it called? 1492? Is that what it's called? Oh? yeah. Well they it's basically just fact driven news stories. Not no editorial bend to it whatsoever. Not owned by a board that's on one side or the other. Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. So I, I get that, but Somehow I trust like BBC's pretty good Guardian, B, B, C. But Anybody that's got some sort of an agenda, any one way or the other, you You know whether it's to minimize one person's activity or maximize another person's. Like what are, just tell me what happened. Tell me who did what and what, what took place.


And just don't, don't gimme any words like far right. Don't say extremist, don't say any of that stuff. Just tell me what a human being did. What another human, like what started this? Well that's why I prefer People magazine over us because like when I see Ben Affleck with a giant Starbucks cup and it says he's just like us. I'm like, fucking, that's it. That's the real deal. That's facts. I used to read People Magazine every week. My wife was working in a doctor's office and I'd say, fucking steal that People magazine. So nuts. I just, I just love, I don't know why it's 'cause it's so much after all the other bullshit news that you're looking at just to go like, all right, just, I wanna see a country singer who's got a new fucking baby and it's sweet.


It's all just super low frequency. Yeah. Information. I used to love those fake ones where they were like, was it, which ones were the ones that were talking about Bigfoot and UFOs all the time? Oh, the National Enquire? No, No, not that one. National Enquirer was like gossipy stuff. Oh, The something World News. World News Report. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's the one that was The, those were great. They had the worst like Photoshop pictures. Yeah. And I'm like, gimme that. What did you do? What did you do? My father was You know my father was in broadcasting and he did a lot of voiceovers. And so one of his accounts was the, it was the National Enquirer. And, and his voice would come on every week. All the commercials for National Enquirer would come on.


And, and that was my day. Yeah. That's it. That's it. Gimme some, gimme some. I don't wanna caught the story. Sorry. Just let me see some of those. Look at the Bat Child. Look at that. Look at the Bat Child founding cave. Hillary Clinton adopts Alien Baby does look like Chelsea A little Bit. There's bat, bat Child found in Cave. Look at that. Bat Boy leads cops at three State chase. First Photos of heaven. They're Amazing. That's amazing. Computer virus spreads to humans. Princess Diana alive. Princess Diana is alive. Alive. Bat Boy side in New York City. Bat Boy got a lot of coverage. He must have sold a lot of episodes. Yeah.


Pregnant Man Gives Birth Look. That was ridiculous back then. Now it's like, of course, of course. He gave birth. Oh my God. There's Bigfoot Runaway bride. He he's running. But look at the bride. It's so clearly like a holograph. It's not, didn't even try. It's A drawing. It's a Bigfoot with a fucking veil on. Oh my God. Fat Cat owns 23 old ladies. Titanic Captain found a lifeboat. Did you see that one? Oh my God. Oh, that's amazing. It's so funny. Oh, that they were so good. They were so good. Yeah. It was just, they it was just ridiculous enough.


They were like, gimme that. Yeah, gimme that. You, what did you do? You son of a bitch. It was the Onion before The Onion was Yeah. Yeah. Oh. yeah. There was always Bigfoot stories. A lot of Bigfoot there. There. Oh, Jackie with crippled Kennedy proving he didn't die in Dallas. Oh. yeah. He just got crippled. Yeah. And getting shot in the head will make you crippled on your It's funny. Just circle a blurry photo. That's him. How the fuck You know that's him? It's so stupid. They just lied to you. But they lie. The lies are so ridiculous. It's like, it's okay. Yeah. Like some kind of fraud. We allow, like, we allow like preachers that like televangelists, You know, like the preachers.


How about fucking religion? Oh. Yeah. How about the, the this, this new kind of like the Christians are taking over the country and forcing us to put the 10 Commandments on the sides of fucking courthouses and get it taught in schools. It's, who's doing that? It's a fantasy. Wait A minute. Who's doing that? What the courthouses? Yeah. Where's that happening? What state is that? Maybe it's Texas. I don't know. Really. Yeah. Was the 10 Commandments always there or did they, are they trying to reintroduce it or are they trying to introduce it? Well, there's different 10 Commandments. First of all. Like there's the, there's the Catholic 10 Commandments and then there's the Lutheran 10 Commandments.


Oh, I don't, so I don't even know which one they're using. But I mean, is it Alabama? One of the, one of the states is forcing them to put the 10 Commandments. Really Find that inside Of courthouses Courthouse here, A CLU sues over 10 commandments in courthouse saying biblical text violates religious liberty. And this is from 2001. 2001. Now this is, this is in the last year. Huh? Are you sure you haven't been just on the liberal news report? Positive? Probably get it in Venice. You guys all lie to each other. All homeless people. And the 10 Command There was a story about a monument in between the Texas State Capitol building and the state Supreme Court building. But I don't know if that's, oh, it's just a monument. It stood on grounds between Texas State Capitol building and the State Supreme Court Building Monument was one of several scattered around the Capitol grounds.


Its location. Did not draw special attention to it, Huh? No, that's not it. Do You know what scholars from Israel think The 10 Commandments were what? Moses and the burning bush. Like that whole thing? Yeah. They think, they think it was DM t. they think that the, that the Acacia Bush is very rich in DMT. Yeah. And they think it's, it's indicative of a psychedelic experience. And this is the idea, instead of smoking this compound, it's a burning bush. Like this is how you would get that analogy. Especially when you're dealing with a story that's told over a thousand years. Right. Before it's ever written down. Yeah. And it's translating all these different languages. But if you break it down to what it is, these scholars now believe, I love that. Some sort of a psychedelic experience where comes back and said, God has given us these rules to live by.


In that case I'm in, I'm in on those 10 commandments. They, they came from somewhere real then. Yeah. Well, I think all of it, if you stop and think, I always bring this up, but it's, it's a good point. Like, in the beginning, There was light. Well, isn't that the Big Bang? I mean, we believe in that, like all scientists that are studying the origins of the universe believe in the Big Bang. There's new people like, well, not new like Sir Roger Penrose, who has been on the show before, who now believes that the Big Bang was the end of another universe. And that it's probably this endless cycle. And it's not as simple as There was nothing. And then There was something that there's always this expansion and contraction.


And then these, these cosmic events take place and they birth new, new Universes. They just manifest different types of life forms at different times. That's All completely speculative. Right. What they do know is what they can see. Right. So what they can see is some sort of evidence, some sort of a background evidence of this event that took place. It's, they're still arguing about how much time ago it took. 'cause because the James Webb telescope, they've seen some structures and some galaxies that are so far away, they shouldn't have been able to form the amount of time that it took from the current understanding of the Big Bang. And some people wanna push the Big Bang back 22 billion years now instead of 13 billion years.


but It could be that that's just as far, 'cause it's, that's 22 billion years it takes for light to get there to breach us. But if it's a hundred billion years, that shit's never gonna get there. We're never gonna see it. Yeah. So if it goes back further and further than that, it's just not available to us. we don't have the ability to see it yet. But we might Yeah. You know. Now they can, with the James Webb, they can see far further back. And with new telescopes they invent and new methods of detection, they, they might be able to realize like there's no end to this thing. Yeah. And There was no beginning. And it just keeps happening. Makes it's more logical than it not being true. I mean, there's obviously, I mean, all the laws of physics are about the, the, you know, energy and mass not disappearing.


It exists and there's different wavelengths that all life exists. We we're in such a slim You know frame of energy that, and now I feel like, I don't know what the fuck I'm talking About, but I know what you're saying though. Yeah. Yeah. But it just, it, it's not logical that there would be just this and No, it's Not infinity. It's, it's silly, but it's also, even if there wasn't, the universe is so crazy, just what we know. It, it is. Even if we said, oh, it's only 13.7 billion years old. Like, you don't even know what that means. Just You know how fucking big that is. And by the way, we're not at the end of it. It's not like we're like, it blew up and we're as far away and we look back.


That's what we see. No, it goes that far that way too. So it's, it's fucking immense beyond imagination. You could put it into numbers. You could write it down a billion. This, that, it doesn't even register. You can't imagine how long It would take to get there. You, you can't imagine if you're going the speed of light something taking 13.7 billion years to arrive at, it's so big that even if that's it, if that's the whole thing, even if it's finite, even if they define the universe as a structure, it's finite. And it is X amount of billion years of light year travel until you reach the end of this structure. And maybe it like rotates into itself. Who knows? It's still insane.


So the idea that it's not, it doesn't have a boundary that there's more of them. That there's a multiverse, that there's an infinite number of them that they const. There's one of the theories is that in the center of every galaxy, there's a super massive black hole. And if you go through that super massive black hole, you will find another universe. Right. With hundreds of billions of galaxies. Each one with a super massive black hole in the middle of it. Go through that hundreds of billions of universe like that. It's never ending in fractal. Yeah. And it, it, and also the fact that You know we can travel at a certain speed and the fact that there isn't another life force that can go instantaneously through incredible distances. Probably for sure they can. Yeah. I mean, We were talking the other day. I had this gone and We were talking about, imagine if you were living in the Roman Empire and you showed them a garage door opener.


They'd be like, what the fuck? This is crazy. You're nowhere near that thing. You press a button, it goes up. Yeah. That's nuts. Yeah. It's a radio frequency. Something you can't see, feel, or touch. Oh it's, we think it's so crazy, but it might be how we travel through space in the future. Right. You just, just zip to some new spot. Yeah. And be super normal for us. Like, well you gonna fly there like an idiot with a jet engine. You're gonna need stopovers to refuel. Yeah. And you hope you don't get hit by a micro meteorite along the way and you get annihilated. Yeah. You hear about those people that are stuck in the Space station. Yeah. Burrow, Elon has to go rescue them. Is that what's gonna happen?


Yeah. Boeing can't get 'em. Wow. They're having failures with their jets. Can we? Apparently Boeing at one time was talking shit about SpaceX and now Elon's talking shit to Boeing. Oh, That's Great. Because they're gonna have to go rescue those people. Yeah. Is there is Russia or China? Is anybody else gonna, the Space station we can catch a ride from It would be nice. Yeah, that would be nice. I don't know. I, but I know you can't stay up there too long. It's really bad for you. I heard it's like nine months is the forecast right now of how long they can stay up there. You know. How am I supposed to Be there for no eight Days? No, no. And how long are they saying I heard something like nine months.


It's no fewer than 240. The Starliner, it will amount to no fewer than 240 consecutive days since the Space. Nine months. When did they run out of food? When do they run out of food? When do they start eating each other, Bro? When do they run outta food? How much food do they have up there? How can they have enough food? How is it even possible? What do they do with their shit? They shoot it out into space. Can't do that. What if it lands on somebody? You can kill them. Right. That's happened before windshield. Really? Yeah. They dropped it outta planes. Frozen turds have come through people's fucking house roofs. Yeah. Like a brick of shit from the sky. Boom. Imagine you're watching the Super Bowl.


Like this is amazing. A brick of frozen shit from 180 passengers comes crashing through your kitchen roof. Damn. Who do you call for that? Oh. yeah. Their ride is wisdom. I always admit they just can't safely take it back. Why? The, the helium leaks and several issues with smaller thrusters. It's been docked with the space station. It says on, so like earlier this week they announced that it will undo without a crew in early September and come back to Earth while they wait for their ride sometime in 2025. Oh my God. In 2025. We are in August right now of 2024 talking about this.


Would You wanna not just get on the thing and go with it and be Like, no, you Get left In space. Would you take your chance? I don't know. Oh, you might take your chance. What if you're almost out of food, right. You might take a chance. you Know what's so fucking crazy is that it takes this long. When you think about like, what was it, 1969 when we went to the, when did we go to the moon the first time? Allegedly 69. Allegedly. Allegedly. Allegedly that they basically took with no real computers with You know none of the technology we have today. They took picture a 1969 fucking Camaro Oh. yeah. Going up into space. They got up to space in You know. And they, they had a space program that was very accelerated.


They did this shit fast because Russia had had thrown down the gauntlet. They had already gotten there and we wanted to get on the, on the, on the moon first. Well, We all had Nazi scientists. Oh, that's right. Yeah. Yeah. Russia got a bunch and we got a bunch. But dude, they got up there and then somebody hit a wrong button when they, I think the, I guess this was, what was the first one? 13 Apollo 13. Yeah. They hit a wrong button on the computer and they went off course and they self-corrected on a fucking onboard computer. 'cause You know if you miss the gravitational pole. Yeah. You just fucking spin out into space and it's over. And these dudes somehow made it with a V eight engine. They just got to the moon V eight engine, I think it was, I think it was an eco boost.


And, and then now today, how is it that it still takes us this long to do the same thing that they did 50 years ago? Well, do you know that the Apollo missions were the only time that they ever sent a living thing into deep space and had to come back alive? What? Yeah. They never sent anything into deep space. Like they never sent a monkey to the moon and had to come back alive to see if the people could survive. Huh. The first time they did it was with people. Wow. Yeah. Seems odd. Damn. Seems odd that no mission other than the Apollo missions has ever been past Earth's gravity. Yeah. So the way all of these missions like Space station mission, they're all like 300 miles, three 50 miles.


Space shuttle missions. Everything's inside 300 miles because it's inside the Van Allen radiation belts. Yeah. So this, this immense band of radiation that covers the earth that lasts, I forget how many thousands of miles, but it's, it's outside of where all the space travel is. Yeah. Except the apostles. They went through it No problem. And they tried to blow a hole through it once they actually ignited a nuclear bomb in space, it was Operation Starfish Prime. So they shot a nuke up into space to try to clear a, a pathway so they could like shoot a rocket through it and have no problems. And it made it way more radioactive. Whoa. They, it had the opposite effect. Instead of blowing a hole through it, it just supercharged the belt.


No shit. Yeah. It was a, it was a crazy experiment. The idea that they would shoot a rocket into space and blow up a nuclear bomb. Damn. Yeah. Pull up our operations. What year was that Start? What year? Oh, say like pre satellites. 67, 68. Somewhere around then. Maybe slightly earlier than that. Okay. Because now you fuck up all the telecommunications if you did that. No, no, no. Well maybe it depends on where you do it, I guess. Hmm. But a solar flare could fuck up all of our communications. Yeah. One good blast. And all of our satellites are down. Yeah. Starfish Prime is a high altitude nuclear test conducted by the, it's just a test.


Gregory. A joint effort of the Atomic Energy Commission and the defense atomic support. Oh 62. It was launched in Johnston. A toll in July 9th, 1962 is the largest nuclear test conducted in outer space. And one of five conducted by the US in space a Thor rocket. Imagine your name on your rocket Thor. Yeah. Thor containing a W 49 thermonuclear warhead designed at Los Alamo Scientific Laboratory. And a mocked MK two reentry vehicle was launched from Johnston Atoll in the Pacific Ocean about 900 miles west southwest of Hawaii.


The explosion took place on an altitude of, Ooh, 250 miles. Not that high. No, that's not that high. That's like right at the border of where I think the, the belt start. I think the belt started like around 300, 3 50, something like that. Starfish test was one of five high altitude tests grouped together as operation fishbowl. I think in Hawaii. They had power outages because of it. Wow. But did they have power outages that say they have power outages in Hawaii? I, that was just, does it say anything? This is the whole Wikipedia on the thing, right? Yeah. Hmm. I believe they did. I think that was one of the issues after effects.


Okay, here it goes. While some of the energetic beta particles followed the earth's magnetic field and illuminated the sky, other high energy electrons became trapped and formed radiation belts around the earth. The added electrons increased the intensity of the electrons within the natural inner Van Allen radiation belt by several orders of magnitude. What? There was much uncertainty and debate about the composition magnitude and potential adverse effects from the trap radiation. After the detonation, the wagoneers became quite worried when three satellites in low earth orbit were disabled. These included the T-R-A-A-C and the transit four B. The half life of the energy energetic electrons was only a few days.


Oh. At the time it was not known that solar and cosmic particle fluxes varied by a factor of 10 and energies could exceed one MEV, whatever that means. In the months that followed these manmade radiation belts eventually caused six or more satellites to fail as radiation damaged their solar arrays or electronics. Including the first commercial relay communications satellite. Telstar Telstar. Yeah. As well as the United Kingdom's first satellite detectors on Telstar, T-R-A-A-C engine and aerial one were used to measure the distribution of the radiation produced by the tests. So we fucked up England satellite. Those are outta their fucking mind.


That's insane. Hey, fuck it. Let's try this. They're so crazy. Oh my God. Oh wait, look at this explosion outer space. The fallout from Starfish Prime was less than other ground tests estimate for its health impacts and excess deaths, including from thyroid cancer are hard to find. But overall excess death impact of thousands of above ground tests have likely amounted between 10,000 and 100,000 lives. Whoa. Just from the, the tests they, that's what killed John Wayne You know. Oh is that right? John Wayne and the whole cast of a movie he was on got cancer and they did these westerns out in Nevada.


And what? Oh, that's what I meant before when I said Oklahoma, I met Nevada. That that test went off. Yeah. Nevada had a bunch of 'em. Yeah. That's why they got gambling. Like let's make a deal. The Conquer 220 people on the set of the Conquer 91 were diagnosed with cancer, including both Wayne who died at 1979 and 72. And his CoStar Susan Hayward who died in 1975 at 57. Dude John Wayne looked a lot older than 72 by the end. That was a different time. Yeah. They didn't have no vitamins. They ate May I know. I know. They had no sunblock, no vegetables. They just came up with margarine. Yeah. Mar was big You know they non, non-stick surfaces on pans were made out of fucking toxins.


That Was him at the end. 72. Look at 'em. Wow. Rough, rough time dies at 72. The Duke, whoa. I'll tell ya. AI Quentin Tarantino movie, John Wayne, the Last Gun Slinger. They say when, remember when Brando had the, the indigenous woman go up and accept his Oscar and she Wasn't really indigenous. Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah, She was a conman. Apparently John Wayne when I had, they had to physically restrain John Wayne Oh. yeah. Oh, he went nutty. Yeah, he went nutty. Yeah. That lady was crazy. Oh. yeah. Her sister's like we're not Indian. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That wasn't her name. Yeah. She was like outraged. John Wayne had to be restrained by six guards during the Marlon Brando Oscar win.


I'll tell you what, find out that lady that that lady was not really Native American. Wow. She had made it all up. She came up with a fake name. She got up there with the whole poncho on and everything. The ponytails, she had the big tails was Halloween At the Oscars bro. She was like one of the first people that like stole culture. And she spoke in like a broken English too. Yes. Amazing. Yeah. Amazing. That's amazing. Yeah, her sister rat her out. Wow. I'm pretty sure it was her sister. Well that's what's, I mean, talk about, do you find that story pre-internet? Like the, the woman who was ended up like being a leader for the NAACP and she wasn't rat. Oh, Rachel Doze.


She was Jewish. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know back then you couldn't be transracial. But I think that's coming. I think she was ahead of her time. Yeah. I think she's ahead of her time. You, I think you could probably be trans white and no one will call you on it. Trans white's like let her know, let him be white. That's fine. Yeah. I identify as white. Okay. No one cares. You know. Like no one gets outraged when a woman turns into a man. You're like, well probably shouldn't have done that. But good luck to you. Nobody gets mad like you're appropriating male culture. Yeah. Like women get mad when men become women and then want to go in the women's room and appropriate women culture and then join women's groups and tell women what to do. And they're biological males who identify as women. Women get real upset. But if like a biological woman wants to hang out with the guys and want to pretend to be a guy, they're like, ah, You know I want get on the board.


Like no one's getting threatened. Okay. Frank, join The board. That's a good point. Who cares? Yeah. The gentleman thing isn't true. What do you mean it's not true? That He didn't rush the stage. Oh that's fake. While I'm looking for this thing, I found the story saying that they did, he had to debunk it every few years because it kind of comes back up. Maybe. Maybe knew she wasn't really Indian so he didn't charge a stage. Maybe it's one of them Q anon things. So what is the lady though? The story about the lady? That's what I really wanted to hear about. Because that's kooky. There's a kooky thing that people do with, they printed, they always pretend to be Native American. No. Pretends they're Polish You know. No, I've got Polish roots. Like no one, no one does that. No one pretend To be Irish.


Yeah. No. No one says I'm I'm German. Yeah. When you're actually not You know you just, although some people pretend they're not German. Yes. That's shortly after the war. Yeah. Yeah. They moved to Argentina. Yep. Yeah. A lot of them. Yep. Yeah. And Brazil, this is the communities of Brazil. They speak German Boys from Brazil. Oh. yeah. The the Argentina thing is crazy. Yeah. Like they had that show finding Hitler and they go down there and there's like these people that have like photos of SS troops on their wall. That was grandpa. And they wear a leader hose in and they have fucking October fest down there. Yeah. Yeah. They All escaped. Fuck. It's crazy dude. It's crazy. They got out, you hear the story. Yeah, but I'm making sure it's accurate. 'cause it, that was going around in 2022.


And then more recently There was a documentary made and someone hired someone to look into all of this stuff and that's what I was just reading through to see what they found. 'cause they might have found something that says that there is some sort of link, but Yeah. But I'm pretty sure the, the gal was, she had some issues and was kinda like making stuff up. Yeah. I'm pretty sure That's fun. Yeah. Wild lady. Bet she's fun to hang out with. Yeah. Wants to pretend to be an Indian. Like okay, little imagination. Let's go, let's go camping. See what you really got. Yeah. Show me how to start a fire. Go catch two fish. Here's Two rocks. How Do you do it? How do you guys start fires? Show me how.


Yeah. Her sisters were saying she was a Front. Yeah. Her sisters rat her out. Yeah. So pull, pull the story up so we, I'm trying, it's covered by God damn it. Ad blockers. Yeah. It's just that thing of people wanting to be something other than what they are is very weird. You know but the, it's the grass is always greener. God, I wish I was a Native American. That'd be so fucking cool. You know, like you pretend you hear things You know like there she is. Yeah. Sachin little feather. What a great name. Lie lying about Native American ancestry sisters claim it's a fraud. It's disgusting to the heritage of the tribal people and it's just insulting to my parents. She was a nutty lady. She was pretty though too.


Yeah. She was gorgeous. That's Probably how she tricked Marlon. Brenda Oh. yeah. It's probably hot. She rubbed it up against him. He is like, I love Indians. A little feather. Why Don't you do me a favor? Yeah. That guy was out of his fucking mind. Yeah. Got an island became 350 pounds. Yeah. Hung out by himself on an island. But that's probably why he was so good. you know when you talk about like original comics, like he's the original actor. Yeah. you know Streetcar named Desire watch that movie. Yeah. Like nobody acted like that back then. Well it was part of that whole, he went to the neighborhood playhouse in New York and his class at the neighborhood Playhouse was James Dean Paul Newman.


What was Paul Newman's wife's name? She was very famous. Actress. Actress as Well. Yeah. I don't remember. But There was this one group that started and it was You know Stanislavsky taught Meisner. Meisner started the the Neighborhood playhouse. Mm. And that whole voice in acting that was based on, it was based on listening and answering and being in the moment. And it was about finding emotional truth and coming from that rather than from the dialogue. You didn't study the dialogue and recite it. You found where the emotional truth of where this character was and then you just unleashed it and you found the moment in that. And that started this whole kind of like realistic acting.


Right. Because before that they were like, say get away from my girl. He was on Rhythm I'll so ya. Yeah, yeah. Right, right, right. Why I Oughtta. Yeah. They talk so weird back then. Yeah. And they talk fake. It was like fake. Like he was the first guy to like, oh that seems like he's really experiencing that right now. He's really upset. Yep. Yep. Yeah. and I think on the Waterfront. On the Waterfront was incredible. Yeah. It was great. I Could have been a contender. I Could have been somebody. Yeah. Instead Of a bum, which Is what I am. And everybody was like, whoa, who's this guy? Yeah. Marlon Brando, James Dean. Same kind of thing. You know. Yeah. They just broke down on stage the, the emotions they had.


Yeah. And Newman too in the Hustler. Oh my God. Incredible. Incredible. Yeah. That was amazing. Yeah. Incredible. And that's 1963. That's the year Kennedy was shot. That movie came out. Oh no shit. Yeah, I just re-watched it recently. It's fucking dark man. It's so good. So good. Jackie Gleason was fucking amazing. First guy ever to play a pool player that you could say or that guy actually play pool. Right. He was the only one. Yeah. He's the only one where I buy it. Hook line and sinker. You watch him play the balls, you're like that guy can play. Yep. But Paul Newman You like come on Tom Cruise. You weren't buying Tom Cruise Rudimentary. It didn't move the ball. Yeah you could, anybody can make a straight in shot if you teach him. It's like, can you move the ball?


Yeah. How do you move? It takes so long to be able to stroke a ball to be able to like get a get draw a stroke. Full table, full length draw. Yeah. Put English side spin, adjust for the way it's gonna deflect off the other ball. Get position on the next shot. That's what I wanna see. And you don't see that in movies where guy's playing pool except for Gleason. When Gleason's making those shots, you're like, that guy can fucking play. Yeah. Yeah. He's going into the rack. He's moving the ball around. You're like, that guy's a player Now he could run a hundred balls. Was he based on, was that character based on William Moscone or on No, Neither one. Oh no. Minnesota Fats used to be called New York Fats. Okay. And he changed his name to Minnesota Fats after the movie.


That movie was all about me. Oh no shit. Yeah, he was a conman. Oh. yeah. That's hilarious. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He was a hustler. A real hustler. Minnesota Fats was a very good pool player but not nearly as good as Willie Moscone. Willie Moscone was in The Hustler. He was one of The Yeah, that's right. He was one of the guys racking the balls Right when they had the first big match. But Willie Moscone was like a real world champion pool player. But Minnesota Fats was just a really good player. I heard he was a good gambler. Yeah. I heard that Willie was a better like tournament player and that Fatz was a better money player Perhaps. Well, Moscone was just a better player. Yeah. Period. All around. He'd beat him in everything that they would ever play in.


There's not a chance in hell that except there's a game called One Pocket and that was one of the games that Minnesota Fats was an expert at. And one pocket is a a complicated game where like You know how to play it. No. Okay. So if it's a six pocket table, you have the pocket on the left, in the corner, I have the pocket on the right and you must make all your balls in that pocket. There's 15 balls in a rack. Right. When you get to eight balls you win. That means you won the rack. If I get to eight balls I win. And so you can make a spot too, like say if I'm a better player than you, I say I'll spot you 10 to five, you only need to make five balls and you win. I need to make 10 balls in my hole and you win. And so it's all about moving balls around. So you wanna keep the Q ball in a position where you can't possibly make a ball in that corner.


And you want to nudge balls slowly towards your corner. And it's all about not making any drastic moves and understanding how to play the game. Super complicated gamblers game. So a lot of times when people are playing for a lot of money, they like to play this game. Wow. The games take forever. A game might take three hours for one game. Damn. Yeah. So if you pot a ball in another pocket, does it stay down? No. if you pot a ball in a side pocket, it comes back up and it gets spotted. if you pot a ball in the other guy's pocket accidentally, that's his ball. Oh. And then you lose your spot and he shoot. You should play that one day. It's boring as shit. Oh is it? Yeah. You, you'll go mad, you just take wild shots and then you fuck up and you scatter the rack and then the guy runs out.


I too a DD for that. I need to be moving the ball around. I like to play position on the next shot and then that to the next shot. And, but it's a very complicated game that like really good players play and Minnesota Fats, the real New York Fats, his real name. He was Rudolph Wander. Deone was his name. He was a really good player at that. And that, that's the gambling game. Yeah. Like to this day, like when guys match up, one of the things that happens, like if there's big tournaments, certain guys will show up where these big tournaments are that are just one pocket players and they try to entice one of these pros into a game of one pocket You know. And then they, they'll bet 50,000, 60,000, a hundred thousand. You hear about these things. Like this is a place called the Derby City Classic. It happens every year in Louis, I think it's in Louisville still.


But these guys go down there and it's a like a 10 day festival where road players just go down and meet each other. They play in tournaments and they try to gamble each other. Play like two day games. Oh. yeah. Yeah. They, they do fucking meth and stay up for three days in a row. I bet that's what they used to do. They used to all do do amphetamines. Like back in the seventies they were all real skinny. Yeah, right. Real skinny and wired and couldn't miss a ball. No. That's the thing about pool when you played for a long time, you know, in one, in one match is you just lose focus for a second and then all of a sudden the, it's like golf is the same way. You have to go from hyperfocused totally present to like relaxing, shooting the shit. Yeah.


Listening to music, whatever. And then Hyperfocus again. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's a, it's a complicated game. Unfortunately it's not that popular anymore when We were You know, it's just video games are too good. It's too easy to entice people into video game land. You Mean instead of pool in general? Yeah. Yeah. If There was nothing but pool, all these young kids would be into playing pool. 'cause it's so exciting. My daughter's obsessed with Pool. Really? Yeah. So I used to bring her when she was like 19 and 20, she was into pool, but there's no fucking pool halls on the west side in la. And so she had a fake ID and I isn't there House of Billiards in Santa Monica closed. When's It go? Under Like three years ago.


So I would bring her, she had a fake ID and we would go shoot bar pool and we'd play as a team and I taught her everything. And we would go in and it was so funny because like we'd play against another couple. There was two guys and we'd start shooting and, and she got pretty good. And You Know Me. I'm okay. And so we would, we would, we would win some games and then she would say something like, Oh. yeah. My father was saying. And they would go, oh thank God that's your father. We thought it was, it was your boy. Some old creep. Some old creep who found some young talented pool player take under his wing. But that's what she does. She goes out at night with her friends and she just, she's like that. That's great. She's like that pool junkie.


The one that's all night long hanging around the table. Well Where, where does she live now? On the west side. Okay. Yeah. Is there places that you can go to? No Pool halls. None. Just bars with tables. God damn. I think there's one in like Brentwood, but that's far. But Hollywood Billiards was the place. Yeah. That place. Remember that place was great. Yeah. Yeah. There was an original Hollywood billiards that I went the first time I went to LA it was in 94, but that place got condemned after the earthquake. Oh. So then they moved it to that big place with the parking lot. Yeah. And that place I think was like hard to keep Up. I used to shoot with Adam Ferrara over there sometimes. Yeah. He's a good player. I used to shoot with him in the house of billiards. And the one in Studio City, is that where it's at?


Maybe it's on Studio City. Somewhere in the valley. There's a There was a house of billiards. God dammit. I used to do the Monday night tournament there. Oh really? What is it? I just saw it when I was looking. Is nine ball tournament. Yeah, It's in Sherman Oaks. Sherman Oaks, that's right. Yeah. We used to go there. I used to go there with Dom too. Yeah. Yeah. I used to shoot with Dom. He's fun to play with. Yeah. That's how Dom and I became friends. Dom and I did Montreal together in like 93. And then I was at Amsterdam billiards when it was on the west side. And I showed up and I had my own cue and I was putting my cue together and Dom Marre walked in and he goes, oh hey Joseph. I go, you play pool. And he had his own Q2. I'm like, let's fucking play.


Ha. And we played for hours. That's Buddy You know who owned that. you know who owned that pool home? David Brenner. David Brenner. Yeah. Standup comedian. Yeah. So listen dude, let's wrap this up 'cause I gotta, Pete, you're special. It's out. It's called You. Know Me. It's on YouTube and you can go to fitz dog.com and link to it from that. I got some tour dates coming up at Denver Comedy Works this weekend. And then Fit dog.com, calendars up there, Do com calendars up there. Tacoma and Tulsa This coming weekend. You're at the Comedy Works, which is one of the best clubs that's ever existed. The So much Fun. Amazing place. Yeah. And great history to it. And Wendy's the best. Yeah. Wendy Curtis, shout out. Shout out Wendy. Alright, anything else?


Instagram, Sunday, Papers and Fitzdog. Radio were the two podcasts and Childish. And you can catch those on my YouTube page as well. Alright, my Brother. Yeah, it Was Good to see you all. You too man. Thanks. Bye everybody.