
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The. Joe Rogan. Experience Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Well, All right, we're up. Mr. Baker. How are you, sir? Really? That's It. We're just jumping right in. Yeah. Fucking, oh my God. I just sat down. Well, there's so many things to talk about. Is There something, anything happened? A few things happened until I saw ya. One guy got shot. Yeah, Some guy. And the, the guy who shot him just his body vanished. Yeah. No, no. Now, now did he get shot? 'cause I, I've, I've, I've seen a lot of people talk about this, like, no, he didn't get shot. That's hilarious. Oh my God. Do you think that he cut his ear like a pro wrestler? Yeah. Ah, I got shot.


Like it's all fake. The guy behind him who got murdered, that wasn't real. I saw exactly. That would, again, you know, you would think that would be a clue. But I've, I've seen things where say no, he didn't have any blood on him. And then he ducked down behind the podium just long enough not thinking, are you fucking psycho? They are psycho, but You know. But then You know, to be fair, then, well, no, that can't be fair. How can you be fair about that? There's no fair. There's no fair. There's no fair. Yeah. We heard gunshots. We saw a guy get shot who was shooting at him. The guy behind him got murdered. Yeah. A couple other people got injured. Life, Life changing injuries. Yes. Yes. Serious injuries. Yes. Serious Injuries. I mean, it 100% happened to say it didn't happen is insane. And then you had Joy Reed on TV saying, well, Biden got over Covid, which is basically the same thing.


People are losing their fucking minds and they're afraid. Everyone's afraid to be objective. 'cause if you're objective somehow or another, you're helping the other side. Yeah. Oh, no. if you, if you even try to walk a line that's somewhere near the middle of anything nowadays, that's me. Yeah. Yeah. You'll get Well, there you go. Then you get your ass kicked. and I. But I, I, I was telling Emily, I was telling my wife the other day that I consider that a really good thing. 'cause like, oh my God, this is like, I'm two minutes into it and I've already mentioning the podcast, the President's daily brief Look, I'm getting much better at this Good plug. So on the President's daily brief, we try to just walk kind of down the middle. We just tell you the news. Here's the top things that are happening. What I find is I get angry messages from both sides.


Sure. 'cause I'm not staking out a position. Right. Right. I'm just saying, here's what's happening. And You know, for the most part, we try to avoid context or atmospheres for the most part. But you're just pissing everybody off. People wanna get mad. First of all. That's the thing. This, like Andrew Huberin was talking about that today, that the things that when they study, like what excites people, what people gravitate towards, it's 100% like more potent to get angry about things. Yeah. Yeah. I think you're right. There's a, there's a some sort of, there must be some sort of chemical release and being outraged. Right. That makes people feel, I think it's good. It's in our wiring in our DNA because we always had to look out for threats.


So you find things that you, you perceive are threats or things that are gonna be a problem, and you get angry about 'em and you do it on social media instead of in, in the jungle. Yeah. Yeah. I, yeah. I, I I think with the Trump thing though, I was surprised at how 'cause There was, There was about a day and a half. Maybe, maybe, maybe it was 36 hours of Oh fuck. How could this happen? Look, look what we created. Yeah. This environment, we have to be more civil with each other. Yeah. And that was a big push from the Democrats. Right. You remember Biden and, and, and, and, and Harris talking about, we've gotta be more civil. We've gotta dial it back and turn, turn down the temperature. And that lasted for that, for that side. That lasted almost no time at all. Less than two days.


Yeah. And they were back calling him in a piece of shit and a liar. Yeah. And, and I You know a threat to democracy and he's gotta be stopped. Unbelievable. And You know. Now. Now, to be fair, n you know, neither side really stuck to the idea. I would argue if Trump, if Trump had had just said You know what, from a strategic point of view, maybe it's not me. Maybe it's not what I want to do. But from a strategic point of view, if after that attempt had happened and he had just walked that civil line and said, You know I've had a reflective moment. And, and if he had kept the high road, think about the disparity there. Because the Democrats, they would've, first of all, they would've gone crazy 'cause they wouldn't have known what to do. But they also wouldn't have been able to help themselves. So they would've turned into You know, they would've thrown the hand grenades again, and as usual.


And then you would've had Trump over here being the reasonable one. Yeah. And being the reflective and civil one. That would've been a good strategy. Yeah. But it didn't happen. No, it's not in his nature. No. No. That's the scorpion and the frog. Yeah. I forgot about that story. That's right. The scorpion needs a ride across the pond. Yeah, Exactly. It's the, it's the same thing. I mean, that guy loves to talk shit. He's calling Tim Wal tampon. Tim now. Yeah. Guy. He's so good at it. It's such a good nickname. He's so good at it. He's so good at that shit. Oh my God. Tampon Tim, man, look, look at what we're getting. We're getting, we're getting Harris and we're getting waltz. Unbelievable. And What do you, what do you think about Waltz's descriptions of his military career?


Because there's, there's some issues there. Yeah. That people have, I don't know if he flat out ever said that he served in Afghanistan, but he certainly didn't dissuade people Right. From saying that he was dep when they were saying he didn't correct them. Right. There was things He didn't, and he didn't. And you can look at at interviews and, and there's no pushback. There's no, like, excuse me, you know, I didn't go to Iraq. Right, exactly. And I, retired You know as my unit was deploying. And so You retired a couple months before she Deployed, a couple months before, right? Yes. But what is the whole story Behind it? But those guys know, they know that they're going Right, right. It's not like, it's not like they suddenly get a paper, you know, on one day.


There's, there's a buildup to that. And they're aware of it. And so You know, even his, even his personnel were saying, look, we all knew We were going. He knew he was going now, okay, fine. He made the decision. Right. But I think with his, his, what do you wanna call it? Padding of his resume for political purposes, obviously, when he was running for, for Congress. Well, there, there's more than one thing too. Right. He said he was a head coach. Yeah, he was a head coach. He was, He was not a head coach. He was an assistant coach. Which is an honorable thing. There's nothing wrong with being an assistant coach. Yeah, Absolutely. And He also inflated his, his actual rank. Right. He was slated to achieve a certain rank. Right. And what, how did it go?


Like he, he, He Was a, he had to commit the, to the fact that he wasn't gonna retire in order to achieve his rank. Is that what it Was? He didn't finish the, essentially the, the program, the coursework, you know, for a command sergeant major. So can You, can you explain how that works? Well, I mean, he, he, he had the, he had the rank, right? He was awarded, I think he had gone to, where did he go? I think he went to Italy on an assignment. Look, he's, so, he's in the National Guard, right. So, right. First of all, There was sort of this, I've served for 24 years, or he's not really saying that his supporters and the people on the Democrat side. Well, he served for 24 years. Yes, he did. Okay. But it, it's a national guard. That doesn't mean I'm not disrespecting at all anyone who serves in the National Guard. It's a very honorable thing to do.


I'm just saying they're kind of conflating, just like he did with his rank or these other things, the idea that somehow he was You know over there For 24, Full times, 24 years in the military, you know, and he was working as a school teacher, as you pointed out. He was working as a coach. Look, the guy could be a great You know who knows He could Be a great guy. I'm just saying that There was statistics that said upwards of 70 plus percent of people have padded their cvs. So what he's done isn't unusual, but it's very much You know highlighted now. It's like it's 70%. Yeah. Yeah. It's a, it's a, and look, I've got a, I've got a service line in the, in the company. Portland Square Group. I am a marketing machine. Good job. Thank you. And, but we have a due diligence group that does nothing but Right.


Background investigations, due diligence. And so they spend a lot of time looking at people's cvs or, or resumes. And it's a shocking number of people. And sometimes it's not, it's not really nefarious. It's just, okay, I, maybe I misspoke or maybe I did put something in and I, I just, I I I over the putting A little bit, but then like 10 or 15 years down the road, you've kind of ridden on that Right. For all that time. And we've seen that happen where people suddenly get called out. Right? Yes. And so You know, I don't read too much into the fact that he patted his resume. I think it is dis very disrespectful that he didn't push back on the idea that he was overseas deployed in combat, or that he claimed that he retired in a position.


He would, I mean, I think they gave him a master sergeant title or a rank when he retired, which is just one step below, Which is still honorable. Very honorable. Yeah. And it's nothing to be shameful of. Like No. Saying that just stating the actual rank, it doesn't change anybody's opinion of them at all. Yeah. So You know Again, so it's a, it's a lie that doesn't really elevate you. It do. It doesn't. And when you get called out on it, it just kind of makes you look like a dip shit. Right. You like you, and, and that's Right. Something that he's gotta deal with now. But He did once say he was talking about assault rifles. What? Assault air quotes, assault rifles for the, for the gun nuts out there. I, get it? I'm on your side.


But he said, but what he was talking, I mean, you could kind of assault somebody with a BB gun, right? Yeah. But when he was talking about them, he said, the weapons of war that I carried, I don't know exact quote, but it was essentially alluding to the fact. Yeah. Yeah. And again, was it, was, is it, I I don't understand it. Is it necessary? No. Did he feel that it helped in his early days running for a political office, obviously. Right. Well, he is also seen Joe Biden get away with it. Right. Joe Biden has gotten away with lying about his record, lying about his accomplishments, li from the beginning Right.


Back when he was running for Senate. Right. I mean, you I'm sure you've seen that old video where he confronts the guy and tells him he's got a higher IQ than him and how he graduated at the top of his class. Oh. yeah. All lies. Yeah. No abs. Absolutely. And and you're right. He's gotten away with it just like, yeah. You know apparently the plagiarism and, and other issues. And, and certainly now the mental decline. He's still president, I guess. I guess he Getting, but he's kind of not, he's kind of quit Who is in charge. That's the question. I think a lot of people are wondering, Well, Kamala's on tour, so she can't beat doing, she's out there doing concerts. Oh. She's gonna do an interview tomorrow night With Tim though. With Tim. With Tim because she's a strong woman. So she wants a strong man by her Side. Yeah. She does not want to be alone out there. No. Which is wild.


You have to be alone. Yeah. Who the fuck has ever done an interview? The only interview since they have been Yeah. Nominated by their party. Right. Since they've been chosen, who has ever not done an interview for this long. Yeah. And, and, and then they, I get why? Because they get away with it. Yeah. Look, they got a very compliant and incurious media for the most part. Right. And they're just letting it go. Compliant. Compliant. It's more than compliant. I know. I'm trying to, I'm Trying to be Yeah, you're trying to be nice. Yeah. I'm trying to be nice. Complicit isn't a better word. Yeah. And, and so, and it's on CNN and it's taped. Yeah. It's not even live. Right. And it's the two of them. And there is no way in hell, maybe I'm gonna be wrong.


I hope I'm wrong. I hope it's a hard hitting interview where they ask, I I tell you what actually I, what I would love to have them ask first is, okay, vice president, I guess you have to say, Madame Vice president, how long were you aware of President Biden's mental decline? Yes. 'cause right up until the last minute, you were talking about how sharp his attack he was. Right. And how vigorous he was and how he was You know better than, than men half his age. And what I don't understand is how people aren't marching on Washington with pitchforks and torches over the fact that this small group, her and who else?


Anita Dunn, the chief of staff over at that White House claim a variety of that cabals not that big of people who had daily contact with President Biden. And they just lied to the American public for a significantly long time. They just deceived the American public and nobody seems to give a shit. Right. Well, it's also why was anyone believing it? Right. That's what was crazy. And We were getting shit on left and right during the campaign where I was like, when I, when I compared him, I said, Biden being president is like having a flashlight with a bad battery going for a long walk in the woods.


Like, it's, it's no fucking way. Bang on. It's not working. Couldn't make it. Yeah. And, and people were saying, no, don't You know stutters. And they were saying all the, well, there's no evidence of him stuttering when he was younger. This is crazy. This is, yeah. There's a mental decline there. There's nothing wrong with mental decline. We're all gonna experience it someday kids, but to say that it's not happening, just because you don't want the other side to win is bananas. And that's what was, it was anytime you called it out, because we all saw it, like you said, it's, we're all heading in that direction. It's probably the one thing we all have in common. And we all know what it looks like. Everyone's got aging parents or aging grandparents. Yes. And so we knew it intuitively.


Right. Every time you saw him and he made a slip up or he faltered, or he just kind of started staring off into space, or he moved the way that he was moving. Yes. Like, you've seen your grandpa move. We knew it, but if you dared bring it up, you were just, I mean, you were just kicked in the ass Right. As a, and, and suddenly somehow you were ageist and you were You know hyperpartisan and you were just, and and you were a maga and It would the Epitome of Gaslighting Yeah. Gas lighting to the absolutely extreme. Absolutely. Because it was so obvious and in your face it's like, no, it's not raining out like what It's fucking pouring. Yeah. Like whatcha talking about full gaslighting right in front of your face. Yeah. And, and so that, I would love that to be the first, very first question.


Can you explain to us at what point in time you actually became aware that he was in significant mental decline? Right. And again, that's, I feel bad for the guy. I feel bad for anybody who's in that position. Sure. But he's the fucking commander in chief. Right. He's the leader of the free world. So I think we have a right to expect more from that, that situation. But yeah, I don't think there's, there's gonna be none of those Questions. Well, I think his, his last fuck you was saying that he wants Harris to take his place. That Was his last fuck you. Yeah. Because from what I understand, they wanted to have a primary and they wanted to pick their own person and they didn't want to have Harris. Yeah. She was nobody's idea of, of the best, most competent, most qualified candidate up until they orchestrated this, whatever you wanna call it, anointment or coronation or coup Coup used to call it A coup, call it a coup.


It Seems like a coup. Yeah. So until that point, she wasn't the, the, the, the preferred. But now she's fucking Beyonce and Joan of Arc and, and, you know, well, She had that one speech where she really fucking nailed it when she was talking about Trump. And this is after Trump even got shot when she didn't even address the fact that we have to be more tolerant. And You Know. You mean that teleprompter speech? Yeah. That Teleprompter speech. You fucking nailed it. Yeah. Yeah. She nailed it. But when you get her off teleprompter, she's fucked. Yeah. She's Fucked. Well, I, I don't know this, and this is sheer speculation on my part, but I would be su suspicious. I love she speculation. I I know. As opposed to all the other times that I'm not speculating. I don't need facts Oh.


yeah. But there's a chance maybe that they will know the questions for tomorrow night's interview ahead of time. Oh, Come on. I know, I know. Do you think CNN would do that? Mm, You're right. I I take it back because I'm sure it will be a series of hard hitting questions and they won't let her get away with anything. And it's all gonna work out fine. Look, all she's gotta do is beat the Biden debate bar and people are gonna say, yeah, she nailed it. Yeah. Well, they're supposed to have a debate Right. On a b, c September is gonna be interesting. Yeah. And isn't the woman who moderated a part of the Biden Harris administration? Oh my God, I didn't know that. Who, who is the woman?


Well, she has some sort of a connection to the Biden Harris administration. The woman who is Find that out. Jamie, the woman who's moderating the A BC debate. Is it Joe Biden? Ha. You did great, Joe. You answered all the questions. And what did he do? He lied. Poor bastard. God. Yeah. That poor bastard. If that was my dad, I'd be so fucking angry at her. I'd be like, what are you doing? A dad that're Just dragging him around right up until that moment. Unbelievable. Just drag him around and hope that Juicing him up with Adderall and having him talk or whatever they're giving him. Yeah. I wanna try what he's getting. Good Boy. It's gotta be good. Right. It's Gotta be tremendous. I like, imagine if you have a day when you're kind of tired and sleeping and your brain's not working that good every Yeah.


Well I have several of those every week. Which By the way, you shouldn say this, if you are having one of those days, there's a study that came out about creatine. Creatine, which most people think of as like a muscle supplement, which it is. But creatine actually helps performance when you're sleep deprived significantly. That's interesting. Yeah. Okay. Well that's good. 'cause I'm constantly sleep Deprived. It's also great for cognitive function. Yeah. My, I started taking it on a regular basis. My boys take it for, for their workouts. It's great for that too. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I didn't know that about that. But I, I will definitely jump out because I, I find myself like this, this month, August, I've been traveling like a son of a bitch and I'm probably getting three and a half, four hours asleep at night.


Yeah. That's not good. Yeah, It's not good. That's not good. As we get older too, Oh. yeah. When I was young, I could bounce back from four hours sleep. Not that, not that bad. Yeah. Yeah. But at 57 it's rough. Yeah. Well try my age. Yeah. Cine, get on some Cine Two. Yeah. Me and Joe Biden. God, it, but it is, it is remarkable that when you look at what's happened over the past month and a half, I mean, nobody, it doesn't seem, because again, the the media is, is, is playing along with this. Nobody's asking questions. Who's running the free world? Who's, who's making the decisions at the, at the White House?


It doesn't seem to be a major concern. Right. Which is bizarre. Which is bizarre. But the Democrat, I get the Democrats right. The Democrats are like, well, but, but Trump, you know, it's always their answer. But Trump, and when I You know, if I point out that maybe Harris, you know, is, is somewhat of AWI You know, but Trump and I. So what is your argument back? I mean, what do you say? Well, look, I maybe you should focus on just having the best qualified candidate rather than saying, well, we just gotta beat Trump. Right. and I, that's, I dunno, that's not gonna happen. But the fact that there's just nobody asking questions about things like that. When did You know that President Biden wasn't lining, who was actually making the decisions?


Controversy surrounds a, b, c news anchor Lindsey Davis as debate moderator due to alleged bias against Trump. But doesn't there, doesn't she have some sort of a connection to the Biden or Harris administration? Didn't see anything about that? No. No. Okay. What is, who is Lindsey Davis? Find out who she is. And it could be That could, it could be speculation on your part. abc. No, I read something, some connection that someone had made. I you shouldn have saved it. I tried Looking for that directly. Huh? I Didn't see anything. Yeah. So that's the 10th. But again, I would say that, hey, look, it's, it's much like this You know this upcoming interview. Right. She just gotta get through it without a major screw up.


and I think they're gonna say, look, she did it. She's had her interview. It's all good. Yeah. I I just don't think that You know people are that curious anymore. And certainly on the Democrat side, the one thing they're always very good at is just doing what they're told and following a message, sticking to the message and worrying about winning. Yeah. I saw Bill Maher and Quentin Tarantino talking about it, whether or not she should do interviews and Quentin Tarantino's, like, it's really important that we just win. Yeah. That we just win. Like, who's, who's are we the dolphins and are we going against the Raiders or is this the united fucking states of America? Like, what the hell are you talking About? Yeah.


You, you'd like to think that people are really concerned about the quality of their leaders, but I think it is more about, about winning. Again, at least on the Democrat side, sometimes I question whether Republicans understand that. Right. I think It's on both sides. I really do. Because There was some people that posted a deceptive video, deceptively edited video that made it look like Tim You know he has a son that has Yes. Yeah. Has some disabilities. And it looked like he was yanking his son, like mean in a mean way. Yeah. Yeah. But he was really just trying to get his son to not hit his head on the teleprompter. Yeah. Yeah. So the teleprompter's this clear thing, the kid's walking towards it and he just gives him a pull this way. Like, let's go this way. And they just took that clip like, oh, I bet he's mean.


Look, he's mean to his boy. Yeah. It's creepy. It's, it's the level of disinformation and misinformation right now leading up to November is astounding, astounding. And it's becoming more and more difficult 'cause of You know generative AI and, and just a willingness to kind of disappear down a rabbit hole and believe whatever you, you wanna believe. Right. Nobody's questioning all this shit. So, but it is, whether it's coming from outside influence and, you know, we know the Iranians are very active right now. The, obviously the Russians and Chinese are always interested in screwing us up. So, but, you know, people, if they don't do it themselves, you know, it's not as if You know this idea that the government is going to You know, tell you what's good and what's not to read is amazing.


Right. They just arrested the telegram CEO over in Europe. Yeah. Isn't that crazy? Yeah. Yeah. I was gonna ask you about that too. Yeah. So it seems like they wanted access to telegrams messages because there were certain people that were posting things that had been a part of There was a, a terrorist attack in Russia that they tried to get him to give up information about. But then they, they gave up on that and they left him alone. But now in France, they've arrested him. Yeah. They picked him up three days ago, I think, four days ago. And unfortunately he's got this social media girlfriend who posts pictures everywhere she goes, yeah. So they can fucking find him everywhere. Yeah. Telegram, CEO released from custody in Paris.


Aha. Great. Yeah. They extended his, they extended his detention for 48 hours and then they had to make a decision, I think it was by today Oh. As to what to do with him. Okay. There you go. Judge him Wednesday warranty to charge him or release him. Yeah. So they released him. Well, I think the outrage of the world. Okay. So this said dual citizen of France and Russia was taken into custody Saturday. He was detained on an arrest warrant over accusations. The platform was used for money laundering, drug trafficking, and other offenses. Guess what? You could say that about Gmail. Yeah. Yeah. Should we arrest Google? Yeah. Because Gmail is used for money laundering and drug sales. 'cause it certainly is. Yeah. And, and I think, well, look, honestly. So I think there's some people in the States that if you could, if they thought they'd get away with it, they would, that's what they would be pushing for.


But with this, with, with Paval Dav, they, I, I think they were, they were really upset with a couple of things. One is that they, telegram has a history of not cooperating with criminal investigations. Right. Not releasing information or complying with requests from whomever it may be. Right. Europol, Interpol, anyone. And, and so they, they basically figured out a way to say, look, because of your inability or your failure to moderate the content on your platform on Telegram, we're gonna criminally charge you perhaps right now, I, I, I suspect that's what they're gonna do with this. But I think you're right. I think the outrage said, okay, well let's, let's let him go for now.


But he's not, look, he got sideways with Putin. So he's a, he's a dual citizen of, of Russia and France? No, France and United Arab Emirates. Oh, really? Yeah. And although the Russians Putin regime was very funny, when he got arrested, they were outraged over, you know, the fact that they You know, they, they viewed this as a limit on free speech. That's cute. That's a Putin Regime. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my God. 'cause You know how, how much they value civil liberties and shit. Especially Dissenting opinions. Yeah. Oh, they Love it. There's nothing better. Yeah. It's all about free expression over there in Russia, But, oh, God, Russia.


So let me ask you this before we get off top topic about the assassination Oh. yeah. Is it normal for there to be an assassination attempt and then no press conference? It is because we don't have assassination attempts every week. It's kind of hard to say that. Is it normal? But If there's a major world of that. Right, Right. Generally, don't they have press conferences? Yes. And it was, look, the whole thing, the, the protocols that weren't followed, the process that the, the fact that it was a cockup of monumental proportions leading up to Thomas Crooks taking those shots.


And then the afterwards, right. Then the way that they handled it was another series of, still to this day, this series of mistakes that there is no justification for it. You can't look doing security at a, an event like the Butler rally back in July where the, where Trump was shot. Right? Now, there's people out there going, I don't think he was shot. I'm pretty sure he wasn't. So I think that's, it's not rocket science, right? It's, it's very labor intensive and detail oriented. But it's not, you're not building a spaceship.


Right? You're, you're going through the same process that you go through every time you have one of these events. Right. And so you have a political rally like that, and it's not a national security event. So it's not the DNC, it's not the RNC, it's not the Super Bowl, it's not the Olympics. That, those are national security events. You have a year plus to plan and prepare, get all your resources together and figure out your, your game plan, your site surveys, all the rest of it. You still have time with these political events, don't have a year, but you've got sufficient time. And they do it over and over again. And it's not tough. So you do a site survey and, and you say, okay, he's gonna show up at Butler.


Let's get out there. And the Secret Service has primacy. They work with local state resources if they need to heavy up the security, and they don't have the available resources, but they have the primacy. So they go out and the site survey, that whole process, the risk threat assessment and the survey is where you identify your timelines and your resources and your deployment of resources and all the various things. Your command and control center, your communications protocols, all those things. But it's over and over and over again. It's a method. There's a methodology to it. And the Secret Service You know, they, they do this all the time.


So it does lead you to wonder how many more events in the past have they been You know, not buttoned up. And they just got lucky because there wasn't a shooter. But there's no way to excuse what happened because it was such a breakdown of, of events. And, and then afterwards in the Hot Washington, the, in the, the briefings that they did provide, then going up on Capitol Hill and Kimberly Cheadle, the now departed director, it was a, a classic lesson in how not to do crisis communications. And she should have been the director who's now gone. She should have been out on the, on the rally grounds that afternoon, that evening, sorry.


And with a team and with the agent in charge. And, but shouldn have been very clear to the press all around that they were out there doing the investigation, assessing what had happened, and people would be responsible. And they were talk, but it, none of that happened. It was just a fucking goat rope. So It's because it's Trump if it was anybody else Yeah. Like if that had happened, if there's an assassination attempt about Biden Yeah, yeah. Oh. yeah, yeah, yeah. It would've been crazy if Biden got winged on the ear the same way and they took him out and the whole deal. And You know, they, they shoot the guy and, and there's an investigation.


It would've been on the news constantly. Oh yeah. Constantly for weeks and weeks. It would've been lead story every night. More information in the assassination attempt on President Biden. Yeah. Day 22 Oh. yeah. It would've been the same thing. Right wing far right. Activist registered Republican Thomas Crooks. Yes. Because Apparently he was a registered Republican. Yeah. He had donated, I think $15 to a democratic or a progressive group. And he had, he had registered as a Republican and he was, he was all over the map. He had done research on Biden, he'd done research on Trump. He'd done, so he was, You know, they're, they're trying to po a, a motivation. 'cause they haven't been clear about that yet. They're still trying to figure out a motivation that he was just looking for an opportunity Right.


To carry out his, his vision. Does he, Did he have a, we don't even know. Does he have a history of being mentally ill? There was some talk, they're starting to develop a narrative that says You know, for the past couple of years, people were concerned about his mental health. There were a couple of people I think that had a, a acquaintance with him that were saying, well, we just assumed he was bipolar or depressive. He had researched depressive disorders that was on some of his electronic gear. And so, yeah. I mean, that could be, that could be it. But again, the bottom line is the, the whole process, command and control, resource deployment, communications process, all of it just completely fucked up on that, on that day.


And usually when you have a problem with that magnitude with security, it's never just one thing. It's a series of things that compound and You know. But then You know the acting director, RO You know, he goes up there and you know, Earl, it was a few weeks back now, but when he first showed up to say, I'm the acting director and I'm called up to Capitol Hill and answer your questions, which he didn't really do You know. They're talking about. Well, it's, it's, it's almost impossible to, to get all the elements talking on the same frequency. Right. The local police are talking on their frequency secret service, talking on their frequency counters, sniper teams. Maybe they're operating on a different channel. You know you can't combine those. Well, of course you can.


IIII just telling you for a fact that you can, there are capabilities out there and available to allow you to get everybody talking on the same sheet of music at an event like that. Of course. And To say otherwise is nonsense. Yeah. Yeah. And it's, and it, it's also Yeah. Device logic, but it also, and that, I think that was the thing about this is why people were so shocked, is because you didn't have to, to be a security expert to look at this thing in real time. Well, how About the sloped roof thing? Oh God. We couldn't get agents up there because the roof was sloped. Yeah. And it could be dangerous. And it sloped like five degrees.


Yeah. That was, that was the nail in her coffin when she came out with that bullshit. It Was, the whole thing was insane because you had snipers on another roof. So what are you talking about? Yeah. You had, you had, what do they have? Two counter sniper teams. And, but again, when you go out to a place like that and you walk the grounds and you stand and you survey Right. And you, you fly drones around and you, you get a real sense of what you're talking about in the early stages of a survey or an assessment like that. There are just certain things you look for. Right. You know. Okay, there's the stage, there's a tall building over there. Right. How about the water tower? How about the water tower? Maybe we cover that down too. Yeah. And, but, and, and You know and I think the transparency that we have on this right now is pretty much thanks to the local law enforcement.


I mean, that's where we've gotten most of our information. Right. Right. They've shared body cam images, they've shared radio conversations. and I think in part they're doing it because they're so pissed off. Right. Yeah. Well, they, their conversations were about how they saw this guy in advance and they alerted people. He was walking around with a fucking range finder. Yeah. Yeah. You thinking that's, is that a clue? That's You walk around with a rangefinder, they should just arrest you. Yeah. That's It is, it is. It's shocking. And then he was there a couple hours ahead of time flying a drone. Insane. Yeah. And, but I think that the Secret Service, their go-to in the immediate aftermath was to point fingers at the local law enforcement. And so I think local law enforcement was like, fuck you, fuck you. Yeah. Yeah. And so they've been, they've been transparent where Secret Service hasn't.


Right. Government, I, I tell you this government hates to hold a press conference when they don't have all the facts. Right. They're just not comfortable with it. And particularly something like this, the idea that Ro kept saying, the acting director kept saying about, well, we're not gonna get out ahead of the investigation. Well, You know what, sometimes there's, there's times when you need to. Right. And, and, and the fact that they, they failed to understand the optic of this Right. In the immediate aftermath and say, man, we gotta be so fucking proactive here. We gotta be more transparent than we've ever been before. There's a lot of other things to disturb me. Here's one. Was there, is it normal for CNN to live stream, A Trump press event or a Trump campaign event?


They normally, I mean, if they, if they show it, they normally jump out of it after the first 10 seconds or so. So always Lying again. Yeah. We've counted five lies. But I do have to say this, and I say this as a credit to CNN, it seems like they have made a concerted effort to be more balanced. and I think this is in the aftermath of firing Don Lemon and Brian Stelter and all those people over there that people were frustrated with. I think they have made a concerted effort. Like There was a gentleman who was on, who was talking about that everyone's blaming Trump for things, but that the Democrats have been in control of the White House for 12 of the last 16 years.


And when he said that, it was like, whoa. Yeah. That, that was a big moment. And no one had an answer to that. They, they were like, yeah, but they, after the undermining that Trump has done to our democracy and the threats and what he said, he's gonna be a dictator. He said he is gonna be a dictator On day One. Holy shit, man. Yeah. He's joking around about closing the border. Yeah. Like that's, he's not gonna listen to anybody. He is just gonna close the border, the 12 of the last 16 years. And You know what Kamala Harris, if she wins, she's gonna fix the problems she She's in right now. I know. And That's, Which is so crazy. Another part of the whole e equation that I'm sure they won't get asked tomorrow night. Right. When you talk about fixing the problems and, and making America, what are you been doing?


Maybe they will, and maybe they've already prepared for that. Maybe they have some sort of fucking spinny Yeah. Spinny spin they're gonna put on that to make it seem like it makes sense. Somebody as I, I guarantee you put everybody on the, on the, on the polygraph over there and You, like somebody could just be a, a researcher or a producer, whatever. They're talk, they're talking because You know the DNC and, and the campaign team ha have been ever since they agreed, okay, let's do this interview. Somebody's been, been beaten on. Somebody to say, okay, well where are you gonna go with this? Yeah. What questions you gonna ask? And somebody's slipping that under the table. There's No way they're not Yeah. If they're all Democrats, there's no, I mean, if you're working for CNN, you're a Democrat, most likely.


There's very few Republicans over there. Yeah. It might be some independents, there Might be Libertarians. Yeah. There's a few, there's a few That are, that a handful. Even though they're liberal leaning, I think they're Jake Tapper I think is very fair. I think he's probably the most objective outta all of 'em. Even though I'm sure he has his own opinions and biases. Yeah. But they're not acting like journalists. They act like advocates for the Democratic Party. And that's where it gets weird. 'cause you're supposed to be the news. Yeah. Well, I think what happened, a couple of things is, is with CNN moving, possibly this idea that they're, they're moving A little bit towards the center, and I will say, you see more negative comments from, from the, the left. Right. About C Nnn. I think they're pissed off sometimes with CNN because they're not as harmful because they're objective, because they're, because they're trying to move A little bit more.


I think that's a, a, a, a revenue issue for them because I don't think they've made money since, since they've been around. Right. But I, I think they're realizing that maybe there's, there's more profit margin A little bit further towards the center than where they been sitting. Well, if they could convince people that they will actually be objective, people like me will listen. And that's the thing. I'm much more center than I am. Anything. Well, remember you used to tune in CNN when shit was hitting the fan right? Overseas Oh. yeah. And took Yeah, because they had more field offices. They had more bureaus all over the world. And you'd turn on CNN to see what it was the best news. Yeah. Well, what's going on? Yeah. We, we used to have it to be on, if you walked into a station overseas, CNN was always on.


Right. I mean, it still is for the most part. But was It when Jeff Zucker got involved? Is that when things changed? You know what? I don't know. I'm not qualified. 'cause he put on some good stuff too. He was the head of NBC when I was over there. Okay. When I was over there for News Radio and Fear Factor. Well, maybe not news. No, not News Radio Fear Factor. He was the head guy over there. And when he went over there, he did a bunch of great things like the Anthony Bourdain show Oh. yeah. They were doing those interesting shows. W Kamal Bell had a show on there. They were doing some cool stuff that was not just the news. and I was like, oh, I like it. I like it. But then when they became like Don Lemon at one point in time, do you remember when Don Lemon had that famous speech about what black people need to do?


Pull your pants up, get your shit together. Yeah. I was like, fuck yeah. Don Lemon and where's that guy? Yeah. Where'd that guy go? No. That guy fucking vanished. There was no money in that. No, no. There Is. You just gotta go to Fox. Oh God. You can't hang out at CNN with those kind of fucking Come on. Objective Opinions. God. Yeah. It'll be So, I, I think again, I I, I think this interview that she's gonna do I get it. I understand. Why wouldn't you want to be in a, in a comfortable spot? Right. I think it's very bizarre that she's doing a joint interview with Waltz. You know, if you wanna show that you're ready for the job on, and, and you're You know, gonna be, could possibly be the first You know woman, vice p or President of the United States.


And then you say, okay, my first big interview, I'm gonna do it. Sit here with his, could you Imagine if Trump did all his interviews with Pence? What, What the fuck? What, Where is Pence? He's hiding. That dude's hiding. I don't even know where he is. All those Q Anon people, they don't like him. Oh God. No. No, that's true. Yeah. Oh, they, they think he's a traitor. Yeah. Yeah. They think he's responsible for Trump not being still in office. There is nobody in the middle anymore. Oh my God. No one's in the middle. And if you're in the middle, you're an enemy. Yeah. You're the enemy. Pick a fuck side. Pick A side. God damn. You Guys need to stop. Cut the shit, man. We need about five different parties that are all relevant. God damn. Right. And Right now we have two. Yeah. And one of 'em is way more funded, like way more funded.


Fucking way more funded. You see, they made, they, they've raked in the Democrats have raked in something like half a billion dollars nuts. Yeah. And they'll probably spend it all too. But have you seen the Project Veritas Deep dive into that where they, they go to, to people's houses and they ask them, did you donate $150,000? He's registered donors. And he's like, goodness, no. Like, I didn't donate any of that money. 50,000. So there's all these donations that at least Project Veritas is claiming, okay. And these people are claiming we're not theirs. And this is that they're throwing money into this pot and they're attributing it to all these people that probably don't even know.


Right. Is being attributed to them. I think that's what they're alluding to. If They, if if, if they can, I mean, if this, the cost of this campaign is You know it's gonna be north of a billion. You have to assume That's so crazy. And you think about, yeah. If There was a way to take, if way to take money out of it, if There was a way to take the term li or enact term limits, and There was a way to have a, a meaningful third and fourth party completely change the landscape here. Yeah. I would think and I think for the better. I don't think there's any, I mean, in my mind, I mean, I, I I don't think I can be persuaded otherwise, but I, I just don't see that happening. Who's gonna vote against their own best interests? Right. Right. You look at the, at the money that these politicians can make and they can walk out the door multimillionaires on salaries.


And where that doesn't make any sense though. That's the other thing you need to get outta there, is insider trading. Yeah. Well, I think It's important that we all participate. It's free market. I gotta Go. I gotta go. Oh, you know what? You know what my wife is, is so damn smart. A lot Hell of a lot smarter than I'm, She's very Smart. She is very good. She's kind Of spooky smart. Yeah, I know, right? You talk to her, you're like, yo, yeah. Yeah. This lady's operating on a very high frequency. I know. Which makes you wonder how did, why she's still with me. That's what they like a nice dumb guy. A dumb guy. Right. Yeah. You know I'm good at picking things up and putting 'em down. That's all they need. Yeah. I can fetch things, but, but You need to open up mayonnaise, jars.


Look At this hand, mic the Pickles. Every now and then I walk over there and I just show her, just so she knows what I'm around here. That's right. For Yeah. I could fucking open shit. God damn it might, I, I, I'll say this. The other thing about this is like all three of my boys, like, like I just, I just got in from, from Florida this morning and I was dropping our middle boy back at IMG. Right. He plays basketball down there and he's constantly, and the older one, even the youngest one, they're constantly just hitting me. They're beating on me. Right. Every time they walk by boy stuff. Yeah. They can't walk by me without hitting me. Right. Yeah. And and I mean now they're really putting some effort into it. Right. and I, we got testosterone now.


Yeah. They got testosterone. And they want to, they want Yeah. They want a title shot. Right. Yeah. And so they're all kind of getting to that point and they're just like, they, I, I'll walk into the elevator yesterday with, with, with, with Sammy. And we get in there and the door's closing, and he just go, whales on me. They go, what the fuck you doing? I was talking about this with Huberman, that the difference between a boy of 12 years old and a boy of 17 is only five years. Yeah. So you and I in five years basically probably be pretty close to the same, but hopefully we won't decline too much. Yeah. But from a boy at 12 years old, they can't hurt anybody at 17 like a fuck up grown men. Yeah. And it happens quick. It happens quick. And they, they all of a sudden, yeah. It's like, it's like with the, the two oldest ones. I, I look at 'em if I'm away, You know I travel a fair amount.


If I and I come back and they got muscles in stage, they got muscles, they're bigger. They're all I'm thinking. Holy shit. But I just, it's like, it's like, it's like living in a house with, with Cato. Remember when, when, when he would like, We're really dating ourselves now. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. But he'd leap outta nowhere. Yeah. And attack you. Attack you. and I'm thinking, what the Fuck for the Pink Panther? God. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. But so yeah. Anyway. Yeah. We dropped him off yesterday. He's back there for, for his next, next year. and I will say that. You know, but I was talking about AM mg they told me a fact yesterday, and I was just talking about it with the guys outside before we started, which astounds me. They graduated 88 ball players last year, basketball players from seniors and, and their post grad program, 88 of them, 82 of them are now playing college ball.


Wow. That's astounding. Right. That's pretty astounding. It's amazing. And that's just the one sport there. They've got You know, they cover most of the sports. That's Pretty Incredible. It's an, it's an amazing program. And so anyway, but moving on, you were, I interrupted you, you were about to say something smart that your wife said, God dammit. I was saying we We were talking about the Trump thing and the, the, the, the objective thing with the news and all that jazz. Fucking hell. I'm having a Biden moment now. What was I talking, Jamie? You remember what I was gonna say? No, it'll come to me later on. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I don't even remember what We were, what, what I was about to say. Well, we made a diversion. Yeah, we did. Did We were, it disappeared down a rabbit hole There. We. were essentially just talking about the, the problem with narratives that people, there's no one in the middle.


And that everyone is, if you're not on one side, you're, you're a traitor. Yeah. Yeah. You're an enemy. And you, and you do, I don't know. There's, there's no way. I don't think there's any way to walk that dog back. Right. We look, we, we had that moment after the assassination attempt and, and like we talked about earlier, people were saying, yeah, we gotta be more civil. It Was like a mini nine 11. You remember after nine 11? Yeah. Everybody was so nice to each other. Yeah. For like weeks. Yeah. Weeks. That one lasted a long time. Yeah. Yeah. I remember coming to New York City and we filmed Fear Factor after September 11th, and everybody was so nice. They were so, and firemen were treated like fucking heroes. Yeah. Yeah. Firemen got laid more than any other time.


I mean, everybody wanted a bag of firemen. They wanted to help those guys out. Yeah. I grew a mustache and pretended I was a fireman for a While. All the first responders, cops, EMT guys, they all got mad respect. Yeah. And everybody was a lot more peaceful and civil. And in Los Angeles, it was palpable. You had American flags on everyone's car. Yep. It was, it was kind of cool. And then you had the same with the, with the military, right? Yeah. I mean, shortly after, and then we went into Tora Bora, and then, and then that, that whole thing kicked off. And, but There was a period of time. You're, you're, you're right. And usually not that you want something like that to happen. I mean, look at the, look at the pandemic. I mean, the pandemic brought people together for a while. People were so nice to you. Yeah. In the beginning, every I thought it was gonna be like nine 11.


Yeah. Where everyone's gonna realize, Hey, we're all together in this. Let's help each other out. Let's get through this. Yeah. That didn't last. No. Well, pe the thing that didn't last is in spite of all the evidence that it's not as bad as everybody's saying it is. Everybody wanted to say it's killing everybody. Right. Like, did you see Kamala Harris's speech where she said 220 million Americans died? Yeah. Yeah. And she didn't just say it once. Yeah. She said it more than once. I've got it saved. I could pull it up if Jamie wants to find it, but there's two different instances where she said 202 different speeches. 220 million Americans died from Covid. Yeah. Yeah. Which is just insane. That's a, we're we're now just a country of 110 million.


That's so crazy to say. Yeah. And yet we still have a housing shortage that you Speak and may maybe say 220 million Americans were infected. Yeah. Fact check Kamala Harris said 220 million people in the US died of Covid. Here's what she meant to say. Oh, She meant to save Oh, snow. It was to hold her hand slip Of the tongue. She meant she's saying million instead of thousand. Okay. No, no, that doesn't work. Anyway, that doesn't work either. Because even if you're saying 220,000, that's 220,000 died with Covid, you're, you're not, you're not looking at it correctly if, if it was four plus comorbidities for somewhere in the neighborhood of 75 or 80% of the people that died.


Yeah. I, but what we just saw there with that headline Yeah. Is, it's very subtle, but it's important. Right. What she meant to say, how The fuck do You know what she meant to say? She said It twice. Right. But it, but it, you, you see this constantly, right? Yeah. And again, it's very subtle. It's not, it's not straight up disinformation, but it's framing it, it's, it's shaping a narrative. It's softening it. And it's definitely taken aside. But a lot of people would read that and, and It would just go right past him, but It would be back there somewhere. Right, right. As You know, if it was Trump, You know Trump lied about the following. Right. Right. and I think. Okay. Okay. I mean, that's, that's, look, it's, First of all, you're gonna be speak if you are doing those kind of things and you're working off a script.


You don't have a script, and you're just out there talking to people, explaining you're gonna misspeak. Yeah. and I say the wrong name all the time. I'll say someone's name and then Jamie will correct me. Did you mean it? I go, what did I say? Like, I don't even realize it when I'm saying it, that I'm saying the wrong word. People misspeak. Yeah. It's a normal thing. But that's a goofy One. It's, and, and to repeat it. Yeah. Right. But look, and, and that's why again, everything that we've seen leading up to tomorrow night's interview needs to be factored into this. Right. I just, I understand why the Democrats are so wrapped around the axle because they just, they, they're so worried that Trump might win for whatever reason.


Right. They just can't fathom that. And so a lot of them are just willing to overlook it. A lot of 'em, I think, understand that she's a You know a halfwit. But I think maybe that's not fair. She's, but look, I, every time I I, I talk about her as people will say, well, she's so well experienced. Look at her. She was an attorney general and a senator and a vice president. And I'm thinking, have you never seen people who have failed upwards? Right. I've met a lot of people who've had a lot of experience. And they're fucking adults, right? Yeah. They're gormless. Oh. yeah. Oh. Yeah. Especially in Hollywood. Right? You, you work on television. How many fucking executives have you run across? Oh God. You're like, how the fuck did you get this job? And even the people under them don't respect them. Yeah. But yet they're in control For the, for the time being.


Yeah. Talk about then they're all living in fear. Right. They're all living in fear of losing that office and those snacks. Yep. And, And the assistant And, and they will, they eventually lose it. Yeah. They eventually do. Yeah. 'cause they, they, but they're so paralyzed by fear. Nobody's buying shows anymore. Right. Right. And it's, it's a remarkable industry right now. That's not what we're talking about. But it is, it is fascinating. 'cause it's, well, It's been gutted by the internet. Yeah. It's Completely gutted. People, they, they lived in fear before, but now nobody wants to green light anything. And if they do, they'll say, well, we'll buy six episodes. Right. You, like, really? Okay. That's, that's where your head's at. So Yeah. And then they're terrified of AI Oh. yeah. Because AI is gonna come along and that's gonna take away who knows how many jobs.


Mm. I mean, I think Hollywood is gonna get hit first. Well, maybe not. No. Probably a lot of industries are gonna get crippled. Yeah. But I think Hollywood has got a real problem. They got a real problem with writers. They got a real problem with video editing, all that stuff. It's gonna be done through computers way quicker. Yeah. Way more cost efficient. Probably better. You're gonna get exactly what you want. Yeah. It is, it is shocking. I, I, I was A little bit late to the game as I usually am on, on the technology side. Right. And so I didn't, I, I don't think I really understood just how invasive, or what's the word I'm looking for, for AI in its abilities. Right. Even now. Right. Yeah.


It's gonna be exponentially better here shortly. But the ability to craft a, a very tailored message in almost no time at all Right. Is, is, is shocking. And, and so you're right. And, but where my head goes is 'cause of, you know, I mean, anybody with kids I think goes there is that You know what I worry about is, okay, so at what point do, do we just, humans don't know how to fucking analyze and write shit anymore. Right? Right. And you'll have the people who, okay, sure. You've gotta, you gotta program this shit and you've gotta You know, curate all this stuff that it's, it's picking up, but now it's, now it's collecting just AI generated shit.


Right. Right. It's not, it's not like it's going out there and getting the world's greatest human literature. Right. Anymore. It's just now it's just scooping up all this shit that AI produced. But I worry about kids. Right. And You know the ease with which they can now put together an essay or a college application Mm. Or whatever the fuck it is. I think we're just raising, you know, maybe we're just raising the next generation of, of morons. Well, Definitely the next generation of people that are completely dependent upon technology. I mean, kids can't even write cursive anymore. They stopped teaching that. Yeah. Yeah. Which Is bizarre. I that I know. That was always my favorite class. That was the only class I did really well in, was cursive and phys ed.


I did really well in phys ed. I guess people think there's no reason to be able to write quickly, because now you just type things out. Yeah. You type it out. I still write, I You know Emily's much better at it. I'm, but, but I still write a letter occasionally. Well, You have to write your name. Yeah. Is in cursive. Yeah. But have you ever seen kids write They sign, you say, here, sign this. They, no, they just, they, they You know. Spell it out. You know they're not cursive, so they don't have a Signature Anymore. That's, they don't have a signature. You know. Mm. That was a big day when you decided what your signature was gonna look Like. Oh. yeah. I used to practice mine. Yeah. I did mine at, I, I modeled mine after JFK's. Really? I really did. Yeah. Yeah. I thought, 'cause no one knows anyway. Right. And, and so I just like, okay, John F. Kennedy signed it like that. And so I, I practiced for a long time just to get it looking like that.


And that's a little piece of information I don't think anybody ever had before. Now They do. Now they do. Yeah. But we are gonna be definitely dependent. My kids have had kids in their class get busted for papers that they wrote on ai because they're so dumb. They don't realize, like someone could just put the same prompt into AI and get the exact same verbiage. Yeah. And they, and they do have, I mean, professors and teachers have You know the ability to use certain apps that will scan and, and see whether these things have been pulled together by ai. But I, I think it's, it's like a lot of other things, the offensive capability is gonna stay ahead of the defensive capability. Right. Right. So you're gonna, you're gonna get better and better and better at, and, and, and the defensive ability to judge what's AI generated for in, in the world of academia is, is gonna lag.


But it is. Yeah. I, I do think, and then going back to what We were talking about, I, this, the level of disinformation coming into November is gonna be shocking for, I think for some people, even if they haven't been paying attention. But a lot of people don't because a lot of people don't have the time. But Yeah. I think when we get there, when, when, when we wake up and the election results are announced, You know three weeks later, well, Pennsylvania's already saying they're not gonna be able to do it on election night. Yeah. What the fuck they used to, what'd you guys do? Yeah. You know. We used to Remember you go to bed and you knew, you knew when you went to bed if you stayed up late. Well, not only That, there's no pandemic. So why do we have all these mail-in ballots?


Well, That seems kind of silly. Yeah. Yeah. We know what else seems silly. and I, I I don't consider this to be voter suppression. Have a fucking ID to show that you're a US citizen. That's racist. I I know, I know. I apologize. But, but I do think it, it makes sense. You go to, you go to A hundred percent Makes sense. Yeah. I couldn't vote in another country. You should not be able to vote here without an id. Yeah. Just like, you can't, dr get a driver's license. You have to have your fucking birth certificate. You have to, like, we have paperwork. Yeah. It's, it's there for a reason because people are full of shit. There's a lot of fraudsters out there. And if there's a way to mitigate fraud in the most important thing that we do, which is choose a leader, it's one of the most important things we do.


We, we exercise our right to vote. And if you're gonna fuck with that, and if you are willfully making it so that it's easier to deceive people, that's crazy. That's crazy that we don't put a stop to that. Yeah. You would, you would think that, that, that would be the default position is how do we mitigate the risk. Right. And let's do it again. Fine. Without voter suppression, don't make it You know difficult for a particular community or a group or whatever to vote. Of course not. But I don't think it's, it's asking too much to just say, okay, proof of citizenship, please. That's Not, yeah. It doesn't seem like a big issue. And Texas, they've, they've canceled out a million potential votes that would've been illegal.


See if you can find that. Wow. So they found a bunch of people, I think a half a million that were registered to vote that were dead. And then there's a bunch of other people that were registered that were ineligible. There's a, and so the way they're framing it in Texas, the way I saw it framed in one newspaper that Ken Paxton is going after Latinos. 'cause he doesn't want them to vote. 1.1 million ineligible voters removed from Texas voter rolls. So Texas has removed 1.1 million. That's a lot. Folks. Look at it. 457,000 were deceased. Yes. 457,000 deceased people. 6,500 potential non-citizens. And so the top Texas Republicans have dedicated significant time and resources to targeting voter fraud, though cases in Texas are exceedingly rare.


Well, I mean, the thing is just the fact that that's going on Yeah. That they found a million people that shouldn't be eligible You like that. God damn. That could shift an election. How many people vote? Well, look, Georgia was decided by, what, 12? 12,000, 1200 votes. Yeah. It was some ridiculously small number. Yeah. Right. And that's the way this is gonna be in November, is the, the only people that matter going into November, frankly, are You know the undecideds You Know. When you look at the accusations of voter fraud in 2020, does any of it stick? Does any of it, will you look at it and go, that is we, I would say that in our current system, I don't have any evidence of, of actual, you know, I can't point to actual moments and say, yeah, look at that.


That was voter fraud. But I will say this, you may have heard me mention that I You know I have a company, Portman Square Group that, that does a lot of things including fraud. Fraud. Are You on podcast Too? You know the President's daily brief, by the way, our YouTube channel at President's Daily Brief is killing it. I'm told, I'm told. Oh, Congratulations. I'm told I'm not sure. Yeah. So you what, in terms of our system, I interrupted you to tell you how awesome you are. Yeah. But the, your, the system that we have, is there any evidence that you can point to that says, this doesn't look right? Well, what what I was gonna say was that while I don't have evidence to a particular moment in time, as someone who's done a lot of fraud investigations, you look for the opportunity to commit fraud.


Right. And it's like what you were just saying a moment ago. Right. if you can button it up and make it more secure, why wouldn't you? Right. And so we've created an environment where there's definitely potential for fraud. Right. There's no doubt about it. More so than if you had voter You know ID or just you had to provide ID to show citizenship. And if you did it in person and if you got the results and you didn't have massive early vote voting and you didn't have drop boxes and, and You know ballot harvesting. But so we've, we've got a, we've got a, a, a process now that has created a wider playing field if, for people who may want to commit fraud.


Right. And so I am a cynical person, so that to me says, yeah, there's gonna be fraud or there has been fraud. Don't have specific examples, but I just know from looking at a lot of fraud over the years, that's the way it works. Well, Voter fraud has always been a thing. Yeah. Right. Voter fraud has been a real problem from the beginning of voting because people are creepy and people like to game the system and they like to cheat and they like to steal and they like to do things where their side wins. Right. And if they can figure out, look, just think about the way they talk about Trump, the existential threat to democracy, kleptocrat, all these crazy terms that they use. They like, they can call him Hitler.


And then everything you do to keep Hitler from being in power is a good thing. Right. Including fraud. Yeah. You're justified because you're saving democracy. Yeah. That's where it gets scary, because then guess what? Fuck face you set a precedent. And now if the Republicans get in power and they do the same thing and use the same playbook, then they're stealing it. Yeah. Yeah. And you can't fucking do that. if you care about America. if you really are a patriot, you can't do that. We had a moment in time with the pandemic where obviously you had to make some adjustments to the way that people could vote. Right. To, to accommodate the fact that you had a once in a generation, hopefully pandemic, although I'm sure we're gonna have another one.


God damnit. The WHO has declared a global health crisis for Africa, for monkeypox. They Released that. They stopped. They stopped it. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Good. Let's try it. Because I think, let's look at that because I think that's also because of pushback. 'cause people are like, what? First of all, what are you talking about? Yeah. Who's getting this? Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's, I I think they even pushed back on the, on the, on the, on the, the, the name Monkeypox. So I don't know. It's MPOs. Yeah. mpo MPOs. Okay. 'cause it's offensive to monkeys Okay. To blame For this. So Yeah. Well it Was, it was a primarily an issue with the gay community in the beginning. So in the beginning when they tried to call it a national health emergency, they tried to do this a couple of years ago in the middle of Covid when people were starting to be A little bit more active.


Right. And less worried about covid. They tried to push this monkey pox thing. Yeah. But there's only four people died from it. Yeah. And it was primarily spread sexually. Yeah. And they have a, they did say that the, the most recent, which was just You know within the past couple of weeks, I believe alert or crisis alert for the entire continent of Africa was, was because it was more virulent. It was more, it was more aggressive. I think they're saying aggressive. It spread airborne now. Yeah. And so because it was going to be more aggressive or because it was proving to be more aggressive than they, they called it. But I, I forgot that they changed the name to Empac.


Did they ban, did drop the national or world health emergency? Did they drop that? I was reading something that said they did. I haven't, some I Google when I Googled, it's only showing me like a two days ago, There was some uptick in New York City. Oh God. Yeah. I wonder where some It's a bathhouse disease all of a sudden Wall Street. Yeah. Where I just see from like two weeks ago they had the alert, but I don't see anything about a recall or like a withdrawal or anything. Hmm. Yeah. But It, would the word be a Withdrawal recall? Recall, yeah. Yeah. I mean I googled that, that, that Came up. But I digress, which Maybe try withdrawal. So we expanded the voting parameters or the ability to vote for that moment in time for the pandemic.


And yes, you would think reasonable people would say, we don't have the pandemic. Let's at least go back to where We were before the pandemic. Right, right. In terms of when we could vote and, and how. But that didn't happen. And so then you have to ask yourself, being You know a reasonable person. Well why, what was, were they, would people just love the new process so much? They thought, oh my God, we have to keep this? Or was there some benefit to it that they saw? Anyway, I, again, it, it, I would be speculating if I pointed to a particular state or incident and say that was You know, obvious case of voter fraud. But I do know for a fact that when you, when you expand the playing field for fraud, someone's gonna fill that gap.


They're gonna come in and take advantage of it. And You, like you said, You know people wanna win. I'm just scared because of the rhetoric and I. and I'm not just scared because I want one side to win. I'm scared because I think that by Overzealously wanting their side to win and doing it, so in a way that really isn't fair, that you set up a precedent where anybody can do that in the future. And they think they're justified in doing that. And they feel like there's a lot of people that think 2020 was stolen. And Trump has said it over and over again. But by the way, Hillary said it in 2016. Yeah. Over and over again. Love it. She, she for several years. Yeah.


They said Russia. Yeah. Ru And then, you know, there's always people saying he's a, a Russian plant. Russia put him into power. Russian disinformation is why he got, and meanwhile, You know they were actively doing disinformation on their own, especially with the Biden laptop thing. The f with Zuckerberg coming out and saying that thing yesterday was fucking huge. Yeah. Yeah. That was huge. And releasing that statement. 'cause Mayorca didn't he, when he was testifying, he said they didn't do that under oath. Oh. yeah. So is that perjury? Yeah. Well, I You know not being a lawyer, but I would, I would think that you had, you had conflicting things because you would also have, you would also have someone in government You know almost bragging about the fact that You know, look, we're getting this disinformation taken down during the right pandemic.


And so Yeah. Zuckerberg coming out and making this statement. I agree with you. It is huge. It's sort of Zuckerberg going, eh, What, are you gonna do, we're gonna do better next time. Well, He said, we're not gonna engage in that anymore. We're gonna push back. And he said they're not gonna promote one side or the other. There's a brilliant thought. Crazy. Yeah. It's a crazy thought. Oh my God, really? So you, you run a, a, a free speech platform and you're not gonna promote one or the other. Well, what a fucking douche bag to now come up with the idea. Right? Yeah. So I, and I'm sure he is a smart fella, but He is a smart fellows. But I think he's also in a enormous corporation. Yeah. And it's not like he's the only guy pulling strings over there.


Yeah. That's, I'm sure that's true. That's like when Musk took cover Twitter. Yeah. And he had a lot of people jumping ship just, oh, I'm so upset. Yeah. You know, because now I can't engage in this censorship that I've been engaged in. Right. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. So, but It is a cesspool over there now. Yeah. You see some wild shit on Twitter, but you have to see the horrible shit if you wanna see everything. Right. if you wanna see everything, that means even things you don't agree with and don't like, that's part of free speech. And this is what Musk has been saying, and I 100% agree with him. and I wonder where we would be if he hadn't bought Twitter. I really do. 'cause there wouldn't be a platform like that where anybody can freely talk about anything and not worry about being your account getting taken down and getting in trouble with the government.


Yeah. Because I, I mean, I don't think people would've migrated and en mass to what's Trump's thing, truth, social. I don't think that didn't work. That didn't work out. And then he's got 90 million followers I read on X now Oh. yeah. He is back on X, he's back on, But, but he's already up to 90 million. Yeah. It's not shocking, which Yeah. No, it's, Well That's, and you look at polls on X when they've done, I think Musk might have done one. I think there's a few of them. It's like 73% said they're voting for for Trump. Yeah. But you look on the polls that you see on television, but Harris is ahead. Yeah. A Three points, Four points. I was gonna say it's it's neck and neck. Or Trump may have a two point or three point lead in a place like Georgia, but for the most part, she's pulled even and is slightly ahead.


Yeah. Yeah. I But who the fuck are they polling? This is the problem. Yeah. I again, and, and I, I though a lot of people arguing about how, how accurate any polling is anymore. Well, Look, in 2016, it wasn't accurate at all. Yeah. Right. Because Hillary Clinton was like 84% to win. Right. Well, somebody knocks on your door, they call you up and say, are you gonna vote for Trump? you know, there's a lot of people out there that You know may decide, okay, I'm gonna vote for Trump, but I'm not gonna tell you I'm gonna vote for Trump. Right. No, I would never vote for Him. No, no. That seems unreasonable. So, yeah, I, I, again, I don't know that you can trust a lot of the polls for either side, but I will say there's gonna be one unhappy group regardless of the result.


That's what I'm scared of. Yeah. I'm scared of the violence. Yeah. I'm scared that whichever side loses they, they might erupt. Yeah. You know. They just gotta keep their shit together. But I think even above and beyond, if people can do that and keep their shit together and not, not, you know, not get in into a violent situation, we're still going to be dealing then with four years of just dysfunctional bullshit. Right. From, from one side or the other. Right. Just, just harping on this and people having investigations and committees up on Capitol Hill, and you get to this point where it's just paralysis. Right. Shit doesn't get done. and I, you know, I don't know. I think this, this, this one, I say this and then I piss off a lot of people who are very pro-Trump.


But I'm really worried that You know, because again, I You know I don't have a dog in the hunt for either individual. I just like policies. Right. And particularly, I like national security issues and, and homeland security concerns and things like that. You can't really argue that the Republicans or the, the, the party of, of small government or fiscal responsibility anymore. But I think certainly for border concerns, for national security that I'm, I'm definitely on that side. So I'm worried that, you know, Trump is, is he's got a ceiling. Right? He's got, he's got all the people who are always gonna vote for him. There's no doubt about that. But you don't really have to care about, I mean, you do care about them, but you don't have to worry about them.


Right. That ceiling only gets higher and allows him to win if he gets some of those moderates. And the undecideds, the people Who, well, I think that's where RFK JR comes in. It could be. Yeah. And Tulsi Gabbard now as well. Tulsi Gabbard. Yeah. What do you think about that? That's Interesting. It's pretty powerful. Yeah. Yeah. You mean a democrat senator for She was a congresswoman for eight years. Yeah. I think she could actually move the needle more than than RFK Junior. But she definitely moves the needle. Yeah. You know and I think maybe either one of those would be a great choice for vice president, which I was kind of surprised she went with Vance. I think Trump and RFK Junior together would be a wild ticket. That's a wild ticket.


It would definitely be a wild ticket. That's A wild ticket. Yeah. I don't know that It would, I don't know that it would've opened the door for a victory. And look, I like, I like RFK Jr because I think that, you know, he, he believes what he believes and, and that's hard to find anymore. That's, I always said this about Bernie Sanders. Right. Which is crazy. But I at least appreciate the fact that Bernie Sanders is consistent Yeah. In his socialist beliefs and his Right. You know. But, but I think I was JD Vance the best choice? Eh, I don't know. I mean, he's Ohio. Were we in danger of losing Ohio? I don't think so, but I Think Trump likes weak middle act.


I don't think You know as a headliner. I don't even think that wants someone to upstage him. You know, it's like a lot of comics like that to take a guy in the row with him. You want him to do okay, but not great. Yeah, I don't want exactly, because I don't want be back there and hear Yeah. This standing ovation. Yeah. Yeah. Ron White will fire a strong middle act. Tells me he's open about it. He talks about it all the time. I wanna be the funniest person on that stage. And if I'm not, you gotta go. I love the honesty Oh. yeah. So maybe, yeah, maybe that was, maybe that was it. But I, I I was puzzled. I thought he might pick a female for his running mate. Yeah, I thought so too. Maybe. Yeah. Yeah. But I think maybe he's worried about You know some Republican men don't want a female or some people that are on the fence don't want a female.


Yeah. Yeah. It depends. Was a hot female? Like who? Scarlet Johansson. Whoa. Yeah. I don't think she's voting Republican Oh. Yeah, good point. She's not gonna, she's gonna not gonna flop over to the other side. Well, who's Like a, a hot Republican female that's famous Amber Rose. She's all pro-Trump now. Never Heard of Her. You don't know who she is? No. Sydney's Sydney Sweeney is Sydney Sweeney Republican. Don't I doubt it. She was host dammit. SNL. But meanwhile Trump did at one point in time too. Yeah. Yeah. That's what's really crazy when you watch Trump on the view from like 2015 when they all loved him. Yeah, that's right. Played That the other day. It's Fantastic. Yeah. It's Nuts.


Yeah. They're all like Nuts. It's cute with 'em and You know. How about Oprah? Oprah was talking about her and Trump running together. Yeah, I Know. And now he's a, and now she's speaking to the dnc that he's a threat to democracy. It's Gonna end It. And she's up there talking about income inequality. Like, Hey lady, Yeah, I know you're rich as fuck. Like, how is that equal? And also when Michelle Obama was saying You know, I think she was saying her mother or grandmother was always suspicious of people who took more than they needed. Yes. Like, you are worth so much money. I'm kidding me. That's So crazy. And you did it on a civil servant salary, which is insane. Oh, they all do, right? Yeah. Look at, look at You know I'd be, I I, I haven't seen the latest figures, but I'd love to know the, the current personal wealth of a OC You.


know the bartender Oh. yeah. Who turned Congresswoman Probably doing pretty well. I think she's doing quite well. Ilhan Omar, I think they're all doing fair. Look, even to be fair, Bernie Sanders, who I just said stood on principle, but You know, Hey, he's making bank. Yeah. I, I, I don't know, maybe I'm, I'm drawing a blank on, on hot on hot Republican women other than my wife. Wanna see a picture? Amber Rose? Sure. Show member Rose. Oh, I thought you were gonna show me your phone. No, didn't know, didn't know where you were going with that. Take out a piece of a photograph that you tore out of a magazine. What does she do? What is her actual job, Jamie? She was, she had a baby with Whi Khalifa.


I would say you could call her a model. Probably a model. A model. Influencer model. Okay. Influencer slash model. Okay. Maybe model first, influencer second. Does she have Vlogger here? That's a thing. No, no, no. She's got a forehead tattoo. What does it say? Bash? No regrets. No. Something Slash bash. Stash. Stash. The that slash bash slash slash Bash slash slash Anyway, pretty hot. Yeah, well, no, for sure. I'm not sure about the forehead tattoo though. Yeah, I think that's gotta go. But they can laser that off later. But she likes Trump, so that might be like the hottest one currently available, but there you go.


Okay. Oh, she spoke at the RNC. Look at her there. Okay. Pretty hot. Yeah, there You go. Look, her forehead tattoo was in Cursives. So You know There was some tattoo artist out there who still knows cursive Back in the day. Yeah. Probably an older guy That's some grizzled guy. Popeye on his arm. Yeah, yeah. Anyway, yeah. Middle East on fire. Yeah. Which we probably talk about that A little bit maybe. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Gimme some Fucking Middle East. Yeah. Well, obviously there's Gaza, but there's also a lot of hotspots popping off. Yeah. Yeah. There's, there's a, there's a, this is a, a shit ton of hotspot going on right now.


And it's all down to Iran. I think we've talked about this once or twice before. and I think I've been accused of promoting regime change, which I'm not. I'm saying, well, okay, I am as long as You know, but, but shouldn happen inside. Right? Right. From, from within. And you'd like to think that one day, and I'm sure that every administration in the US for decades now has been imagining that It would happen. That'd be a popular uprising that would actually change the regime. And then you might actually get something that could resemble long-term peace. But right now, all this crap that's happening related to Hamas, Hezbollah, LA Houthis, Islamic Jihad militias in Iraq and Syria, it's all down to Iran.


Right. And just over the past, God dammit, but over the past four days, this past weekend, Hezbollah and Israel had the largest exchange of fire that, that they've had in, well, in ages. Right? In in, you have to go back to actual war between the two. and I will say, this is the amazing thing, and this is why I think people always say, well, how come Iran hasn't retaliated for the death of, of Ishmael Haer when they took him out in Tehran? And part of me thinks that the reason they haven't is because that operation to take out Kanye in Tehran, he was in a safe house on an an IRGC compound in Tehran.


Right. So you would imagine it's a pretty secure place. Right? It's pretty buttoned up. And it's a safe house that Kanye had had been to in the past on a handful of occasions. So the idea that Mossad and, and other elements of Israel, Israeli intelligence could develop assets in Tehran within the IRGC that allowed them to carry out that operation if they did. I'm not saying they did, but if they did right. Is remarkable. And it shows the depth of their abilities in terms of identifying targets for possible recruitment and then working those targets and then recruiting them and then tasking them.


You had to inside a safe house in an IRGC guarded compound in Tehran, they had to have assets who were willing to walk in there with explosive devices. 'cause There was more than one and put them in there. Those folks, You know, got off the X, they got outta country You know, you would think. And they had to have a trigger there. They still had to have an asset who could say, you know, go or no go, because Kanyes now is back in the safe house at You know at midnight, or 1:00 AM or 2:00 AM And so it's time to, you know, You know cross the red wire with a green wire. And that's You know amazing. And so I think in part that has completely You know, freaked out.


Maybe it's, it says, how old am I? Freaked out. They're so freaked out. The Iranian leadership and the IGC, they don't know what the depth of that penetration is by Mossad and others. And so the idea that You know this is happening, and I and I, guess the point there is then you look at what they did to the Hezbollah commander for Shuker in Beirut and getting him to move. He was in a building, a multi-story building, and they wanted him to move up to his residence, which was on the top floor. And he was in his office, which was I think the second floor of that building. And they were able to orchestrate a call to get him to go up to the top deck so He could Be an easier target and they could minimize casualties and took him out.


Right. So now you've got that ability, you've got that sort of thing going on. How did they do that? Well, you, you have to have assets. You have to recruit people who are, are in a position to be able to do that, who have access, who can tell you things, who can, who can identify something as simple as, you know, his routine You know, he, he typically goes upstairs to the top deck, seven o'clock or whatever. Or you have to have someone who's willing and has got access to, to make that call, to get him to go upstairs. And how'd they get him when he went upstairs? Drone strike and drones have completely changed everything. Changed the game, everyth everything. But then this, this, this massive barrage that took place over the weekend between Hezbollah and, and Israel, amazingly the leader of, of, of Hezbollah fellow named Raah.


He has said in the wake of that he, he's talked about their attack and he said that the, the timing of it was like a quarter after five in the morning, five 15 in the morning, we're gonna launch his barrage at 4 55 in the morning. Israel sends about a hundred jets over the border to attack launch sites. Right. So once again, they had this, this intelligence, this advanced knowledge. Right? So I think all that, and a variety of other hits that they've been able to accomplish, Mohamad di and some of these other characters, they, I think that the Iranian regime and the rrg C are, they're just right now, there's a level of paranoia. It's like the old IRA days, the I RRA was worried about infiltration, You know back in the troubles.


And it created a lot of infighting, right? It created a lot of disappearances. And you're getting that too. After that Hane hit in Tehran, a number of IRGC people were interrogated about You know, they were trying to figure out where's the leaks here? And, and that's, that just leads to a, an ever widening circle of, of, of, of interrogations and disappearances. So, and that infighting, I'm not saying it's bad, eh, you know, it's like, it's like getting a cartel to in fight. Right. Started killing each other. Anyway, so that's, that's, that's a, you know, one thing that I'm thinking, 'cause people are always asking, how come Iran hasn't retaliated for the, for the haer hit yet?


Right. And, and part of it is also, I think they, they're worried about legitimately getting into a direct conflict with Israel. They understand that the US regardless of where the Biden administration may be and how less they would like not to be in that conflict, they're gonna have to be in the conflict. And so Iran can't win that. And so I think they're worried about that as well. So there's reasons behind it, but You know, there's, there's a lot going on. Israel has just launched a, a massive operation in West Bank. So they're up in the northern portion of the West Bank going after militants up there. And Hamas and Islamic Jihad, jihad and some others operate in the West Bank, even though the Palestinian authority runs it.


So they're up north, they've just moved in overnight basically. And they're going after terrorist elements up there. But Iran has been shoving weapons into the West Bank. You know, because what they want to do is, if you think about where Israel is, you think about Gaza's on the west side, Hezbollah's up North West banks over on the east, they wanna create more of a, of a front on the east side. Right? Then they basically got 'em, You know engulfed, right? And so they want to, they've been funneling weapons in, in resources into the West Bank for, well, for several years. They've got smuggling routes going through Lebanon, going through Syria, going through Jordan.


So I guess my point being all this shit is down to the Iranian regime and the IRGC. So when people talk about we gotta get a ceasefire, we gotta get work for lasting piece. Unless you get rid of those guys, there's no lasting piece. Now what happened during, when Biden was in office, I guess he's kind still in office, you see, you see, but where they released somewhere in the neighborhood of $6 billion to Iran that they had, they had tied up. Yeah. Yeah. They, they released it. And, and their point was it's, well, we're controlling it. We're not really releasing, it's sitting over in You know Cutter and it can be used for humanitarian purposes only.


And we're doing that in part because look, they've had a policy of appeasement towards Iran for, for the entire Biden administration and You know they've been desperate and they, they've been very open about wanting to get back into the You know the 2015 nuclear agreement that was created under the Obama administration. But the idea is, look, they essentially gave $6 billion. They advised the Iranian regime that you now have $6 billion available to you for humanitarian purposes, which You know it's all fungible. So it frees up other money, right. That they can now use to help to resource the Houthis or help to resource Hezbollah or Hamas, whatever it, they don't make a secret of it.


Right? It's like Putin talking about how he wants to recreate the old Soviet Union in some fashion. The Iranian regime has stated over and over again, they want the destruction of Israel. Right. And that's why they built up the, all these terrorist elements. They've got the same objective because they're puppet masters Iran. So I don't want, I don't You know, I don't wanna oversimplify this, but it's, it's not that hard to You know oversimplify because it's just the way it is. Iran is at the top of this thing, and they're causing all of this instability because ultimately they wanna see Israel removed from the map, which sounds to me like genocide, but You know, it's, it's Israel that's constantly accused of genocide. They're driving the narrative. The other side, Palestinian supporters and others are, are been very good at driving the narrative.


And so, I dunno, but that, so anyway, point being is the Middle East is a bit of a fucked up mess. It is a bit of a fucked up mess and it's kind of always a fucked up mess. There's never been a time in my life where you weren't worried about something popping off in the Middle East. Yeah. Well, in part because we've had the same bad actors there with the same objective for all these years. Right. And there's You know, there's no indication that that's gonna change anytime soon. Right. I mean, we're not, we don't, nobody wants to get in the, in the game anymore of, of regime change Never seems to work out so good. It's a problem sometimes we have Olivia. Yeah. Oh God, I nobody ever says Libya.


Right. So I I give you a lot of credit 'cause nobody ever talks about Libya anymore. It's a, it's a hot mess. And we kind of agreed with the French and Italians to go in there and get rid of Kafi. Even though he was You know for a while he was helping us out and counter-terrorism. I don't wanna make more than that than it is, but he wa You know he was there and, and he would provide some assistance related to counter-terrorism. But suddenly It would say, oh sure, we'll help the French and Italians. They were the only ones with any national interests in, in Libya to speak of. And now it's a disaster To do that. Pissed them off. Well, God, I'm having a Biden moment that you'd have to go back and, and I'd have to look and see what they were, what they were arguing about.


It has to be something with money. Yeah, yeah. I'm sure it was. you know, look, Libya was You know, it's been a kind of a, the, the, the revenue stream coming out of Libya, such as it is for oil and gas has always been mostly in the hands of the French, the Italians You know their oil companies. So Total and others, I You know. I think right now, look, the the place had a hundred or has 130 plus tribes. There's no central government. It's a massive place. Right. To be fair, there's no central government. There's warring factions now constantly. But I guess the point being that nobody ever talks about it anymore. Yeah.


So we just disappear. We just let it, let it go. It's like Afghanistan, ah, I'm tired of it. Let's get the fuck out. It really got highlighted for two very specific reasons. One, the Hillary Clinton moment where she was being interviewed and she got a phone call or a text message saying that there is apparently an un There was, it wasn't completely confirmed an unconfirmed report that Kadafi had been captured and then he was dead. And so while she's doing the thing, we came, we saw he died and she's laughing, which is just Yeah. A terrible look for anybody. Forget about someone who's a secretary of state, but someone who Yeah.


Is a person who's talking about some guy that they just had killed and she's laughing. It was just a crazy moment. Yeah. So then everybody's like, well what the fuck happened in Libya? And then There was the video of Kaddafi actually being captured by the rebels where they stick that band a up his ass. Yeah. And you're like, yo, Yeah. Yeah. Like that is a crazy video. It's like hanging Mussolini upside down and You know beating them. We Don't have high res photos of that. We don't have video. No. Now we, the video is Crazy. Yeah. When they, when they're parading him around, you see the look in his eyes when he knows it's over. Yeah, yeah. When they've got him. Yeah. Well look, I mean it was nobody's idea of a benevolent leader. Yeah. There He is right there. Yeah. They're beating him up. See if you can get the video.


The video is what's crazy. Yeah. The look in his eyes. The fucking terror in that guy's eyes. What's the real reason why they killed more Mofi? But if you could just go to videos or anything of it. There Was a bunch of other videos. That's why it, it looked like it was people doing their own commentary on it. Yeah. Hold on. Killed by a bullet in the stomach and, and a bandaid up his ass. Yeah. It's a crazy video man. The video is very str Who shot Avi but like, probably everybody shot him eventually. Yeah. I no video all the still frames.


Interesting. Well, video certainly exists. You probably get it on Telegram of all places, which is where I would go. That's where I go with like when There was Ukraine footage. A lot of crazy shit that you could see. Yeah, yeah. You would get it on Telegram because they wouldn't censor it. and I don't exactly know how Telegram works 'cause I don't use it that much. But I guess you could start a channel and then anybody can kind of go to your channel and you could post things. Is this it right here? Yeah, this is it. Decoding Gaddafi's death. I can help you with that. Yeah. So this is just them having him captured and he's pleading and they're beating the shit out of him.


Yeah. They're not it Are they showing the thing or are you doing that? I'm not doing it. It's all in motion. Oh. So it's all, it's almost like stop motion video. I think Someone's probably talking. It says decoding the thing. That's why I was Yeah. This is the end when he is already dead. That video that said the real reason suggestions. Say he was trying to start a global currency for Africa or something. Ah, well that'll get you killed. Yeah. But that's just God, that's why I never got into that project. Yeah. Fuck all that. Holy Shit. Yeah. Fuck that. Yeah. But yeah, I mean, to that, to the, to that point, You know, we do tend to, you know, get in kid out. it might be a mess left behind.


Yeah. It never works out well. Yeah. So, I mean, even Iraq, look at Iraq for the, the chaos, the, the fact that they didn't know that the Sunnis and the Shia were gonna fight is nuts. Yeah. Like how do you not understand there's two competing s Yeah. Of Islam that are there. Or the idea that we would think, okay, well I guess the Taliban's gonna keep their promise and they're gonna You know, worry about women's rights and That's important for them. Yeah. Yeah. That is, that's been, that's been one of their cornerstones of their organization. Well, what's Really important, we left them $6 billion worth of weapons when they had that parade the other day. Yeah. When they're flying around. Oh. Of, of a lot more than that in terms of, of how much monetary value. I mean, you could, shit, you could go upwards of maybe $80 billion in gear.


You know really all in. Right. All in. And When they had a parade the other day and they got tanks and black hawks, you're like, what? Yeah. Yeah. And they parade so they know how to fly that stuff. So maybe You know. Who knows? Maybe they, they'll ask that tomorrow night. And because I think it was Biden who said that. You know. Yeah, here it is. Yeah. Here's their parade. It's like, this is fucking bananas. This is all our stuff. And they're all driving around with our stuff with fucking missiles. Like they have missiles. They didn't have missiles. Now they do Exactly that. This is fucking bananas. The fact that this is all our gear taxpayers paid for all this stuff they keep in and they just left it There.


Keep in shape too. Yeah. It looks good. Pretty. Yeah. Looks nice. White, nice white walls. Look at that. Yeah. Clean tires, armor all. Well, it's a parade. You Know what the fuck? It's a parade. What the fuck? They have so much stuff, God damnit. That's so crazy that these people were basically like tribal mountain warlords and now they've got Blackhawks. Yeah. Yeah. Well, like it's again, going back to at the beginning and, and what kind of interview we're gonna be looking at for tomorrow evening with, with Harrison and Waltz. You'd like to think that. They say, look, you, you've been here now for a while and you've been around and, and you've kinda seen a lot, you know, would You like to talk about the Afghan withdrawal? you know, maybe just, you know, talk about where's your policy towards, you know, the Middle East?


What ask some serious legitimate questions. But I You know, who knows? Again, I hope that happens. I I just don't think it, I don't think it will. I don I think they don't think they picked this for a reason. Yeah. I I think this is gonna be a, a nice little softball pitch. Nice underhand. Yeah. Underhand LOBs where You know where the ball's coming. You can knock it outta the park. They're probably, they're game planning right now and planning it out. Yeah. I just, I again, it's the lack of, it's that thing that I don't, I understand it. I keep saying the same thing. I get it. Their argument is always the same. But, but Trump. But you would think, okay, set that fucking thing aside for a minute and, and ask yourself, is this the best choice you've got?


Does this make sense compared to what you thought a month and a half ago? But now again, they're very good at this. So that's, that's the, the thought I have is if, if the Republicans think somehow and they, they, they thought it was a cakewalk. Right. You know when it was Biden Yeah. To be fair, it was Right. Yeah. And then, and then everything Got real complicated after she had that one good speech. Yep. Yep. So I think it's because That's all people need to see someone who seems younger more vital and acts presidential. Right. Or acts like a leader. Yeah. Yeah. That's the part I'm having a hard time with. Well just act a leader, a Leader act, act like one in this small speech. And most people are low information voters. Right. Yeah. Wouldn't you think the majority people are headline readers?


They're not reading the whole article. Low information voters. Yeah. Well, and certainly yeah. Look, yeah, you're right. You get consumed with this. Right. But you have to, then you have to assume that the vast majority of people, to your point, don't. Right. They're just like, they, they take a couple of headlines. Exactly. Take a couple of things and they go, fine, I've made my choice. Yeah. I I can't be bothered to think about it anymore because it's fucking boring. Or it's, I got too much else to do. I gotta put food on the table. So Yeah. I suppose so. Yeah. And they, they're also ideologically they're committed to a team and it's very difficult to get people to switch teams. Yeah. Yeah. Especially when the guy, the other side is someone like Trump.


you know, if you have someone who's like, A little bit more balanced, like Vivek, let's say Trump didn't exist and Vivek makes it to the, like, that's a much more reasonable person for most people. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Very. He's got great temperament. He's really good at staying calm in, in the middle of like heated debates and recognizing a person's point and then adding onto it. I think he's right. Amazing at it. Yeah. He's much more And he also, he, he sounds more familiar in the sense that he's You know, he's eloquent about when he, when he talks. Right. I was surprised. Took that Trump didn't pick him as vp. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe He didn't want to. He said he didn't want to be vp. Maybe he's telling the truth. Maybe he wants to be president and he feels like this is not the time if he doesn't get the nomination, but Yeah.


Yeah. That guy's brilliant. He's, I think he said that, didn't Trump say that he's gonna put Gabbard and an RFK junior on, on his campaign st on his advisory or something. There was, it was more than just like an advisor or something like that. There was a, it was a fairly senior role in the campaign. Yeah. So, Well they're out there with him. Yeah. So it seems like that's the case and that's a, that's a wise move on his part. Yeah. You know because they're, they're dealing with a massive propaganda machine that's been propped up to support Kamala. And they've done it in a weird way where they were just a few months ago talking about her as being a problem.


She was a liability at one point in Time. Oh. yeah. No, for, for quite a long time. Openly discussed her as a liability. Yeah. Well, and now and, and, and, and just in the short period of time, if all you do is look at, at what she's You know saying in a limited fashion, 'cause she hasn't said much about her positions on things. Right. Compared to what she did. Say again, same thing leading into this interview. You would think that's a lot of fodder for the, the person that's handling the interview, Dana Bash or whoever Yeah. To say, well, okay, wait a minute. You were all in on pick something. Oh, tax on tips. Tax On tips. Yeah. Yeah. She was the deciding vote. Yeah. Where they were gonna go after waitresses. Yeah.


For taxes on tips. He comes along and says, I'm not gonna tax tips. And then she comes along just a short time period afterwards and parrots the exact same things that he said. Yeah. And now the most recent one, she's gonna build a border wall. She's Gonna build a border wall. She's all in on the, on the border wall, You know, $685 million, You know, get that done when she had called it a complete scam and waste of taxpayer money. Yeah. Just a handful of years ago she was all in on EVs. Right. We're gonna get rid of fossil fuels. You're not gonna be able to drive that fucking gas truck. Right. Yeah. And somebody smashed into my truck, by the way the other day. No, almost. Yeah. I just got completely t-boned.


This guy just pulled out into the road, didn't even look. I was staring at Him probably on his phone. Pull Up. Yeah. I think watch some tiktoks about Kamala Harris. God, I love that. Kaa Harris. And he just bam, right into my truck. And I swerved, luckily There was nobody on my left hand side, but I had, I swerved so I wouldn't hit him head on You know. Engine block. Engine block. So he caught the, he caught the right driver's side front panel and, and because I was swerving it just took the whole side of that truck because he was still, this was in Idaho? This was in Idaho. Yeah. Normally I, I always think we got great drivers in Idaho. But anyway, so that happened. How was the interaction between you and the guy? I was really angry. I was really angry. I pulled over and he pulled over and I was fucking livid because I could look at him and I, but I was moving, I was doing about 35 miles an hour on, on a decent sized road.


Right. And there's two lanes on that road and two lanes on the other side going the opposite direction. And he just didn't even bother to say he was gonna exit and come out onto the road and join the traffic. He just didn't even bother to wait. He just, he just pulled right in front. So he Yeah, to your point, he was, he was busy doing something else. And so I park and I'm just steam and I, I'm getting out of the truck. And, and luckily Emily was there. Luckily she wasn't hurt 'cause she was in the passenger side and she said, no, no, no, you, you sit here, I'll take care of this. Oh wow. Because I was just so angry and, and in part 'cause she was in the car. Right. And in part because I was driving to the vet to pick up my big dog, the golden retriever, and thank God he wasn't in the back of the truck. Right, right. When, when we got hit.


So anyway, but I calmed down after a while. The guy was, the guy was You know funny. He was nice enough. He was very apologetic and all that. But anyway, so, but man, I can disappear down a rabbit hole quicker than anybody. So, so she's all in on EVs just a handful of years ago. She's, she's, God damnit, we gotta be all electric vehicles by 2035 or 2040. And she's on news shows talking about this. This is my policy, this is what I want. And now her staff is saying, oh no, she ne she never did that. They just, they don't see anything wrong with telling people that You know, here's the truth. You just, you don't pay attention to anything that we did before.


Don't pay attention to the fact that she's been vice president for all this time. She has nothing to do with the Biden administration decisions even though she was there. Even though President Biden said, oh, usually she's the last person in the room when we talk about these, the important things. And now they just want everybody to buy this bullshit. Right. Because she's younger and she's a woman and there's a good vibe. I wish that he would go and do a tell all I wish he was like Little Biden. Yeah. Yeah. Tell us what happened. If you could remember How'd they get you outta there, Earl? I was in Vietnam and I was fighting the Smurfs. I was in a, I Was in a foxhole with corn pop and Cannibals ain. My uncle, Uncle Zy, I think it was Uncle Zy Posey.


I mean, but if you could get him lucid enough for him to explain what they did and how they did it. Yeah. And who came to him and what they said. You know what they did You know what it is. It's the Democrats. I hadn't thought about this before, but they got a kind of a habit of this. Look what they did to RFK Jr. Look what they did to Bernie Sanders. Remember him Oh? yeah. Pushing him out in 2016. Oh. yeah. And then again in 2020 Oh. yeah. So this is kind of in their playbook. Yeah. Right. So pushing Biden out was they just, You know, turned the chapter back. Let's see, what did we do with Sanders? I Would've to say that it's very undemocratic. Oh. It seems They're just doing this to save democracy by Subverting democracy. You gotta save, save democracy. Yeah. By putting someone into the position to be running for president that nobody voted for God.


Which is really wild. Yeah. Yeah. Nobody voted for that. Well, yeah. I I think Biden fucked him. I think by endorsing her when he was leaving, he fucked them. Yeah. Well, That's just my theory. But Think about this. How, how would they, how would they have come up with any other decision? Right. Because if you think about Tim, what's his name? Shapiro in Pennsylvania, or Wes Moore or these other candidates, even Gavin Newsom, although he doesn't have a hope in hell, Pete Buttigieg, who I think always fancies himself to be president. Good luck. Right. All these people though that, well, what do they have in common? Well, they're white men. Okay. How could they possibly throw their hat in the ring against Kamala Harris?


Right. Right. And have a political future for the next election. Right, right, right. So not get labeled. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And so they would've gotten the RFK junior treatment. Right. And they knew that was probably You know, the, the, the, the sort of the, the death call for their political career in the Dem party. So they may not have had really any option. But wasn't there also something about the campaign war chest? Mm. Like to get access to the money that was already in there. You had to be a part of the ticket. Yeah. And so that was that. I, I'm sure I Well, okay. This sounds odd to say the cash might have played a role. Right. In politics, You think?


I don't, it doesn't sound right. It's legal, isn't it? It doesn't sound right. I think it's, yeah. So you're right. That was, that was a poor a part of it. But, but the point being is maybe it's, it's You know, it wasn't so much a, it was a very calculated, obviously thing that, that nobody really cared about on the Democratic side. They were just waiting for someone to tell 'em what to do. Right. Right. And once they did and said, okay, Gamala, everyone was like, oh my God, she's fabulous. She's the best Ever. She's the best ever. I know I said she was awi who's failed upwards spectacularly before. But now she's fantastic. And they've all lined up in Yeah. In in really impressive fashion.


So anyway, that's, that's their Previous statements are all on record, unfortunately. Yeah. Yeah. Nothing dies anymore. Yeah. On the internet. Except for Gaddafi. He's definitely, he definitely died on the Internet. We came, we saw He died. He died, Remember? Although I remember Trump, he dar Like a dog. A dog dar like a dog. You ever see Shane Gillis's bid on that? Yes. It's fantastic. So good. It's so good. He has the best Trump impression. Yeah, it is. It is really fucking dead on. Good. I wonder how long he to work on That. He's really good. Yeah. He's really good at impressions. But that one in particular, he doesn't do a lot of impressions, but the ones he could do, I mean, it's Not like rich little Right.


But he can make the noises, the Trump noises. He does the sucking in the, showing the lower teeth. Oh God. That's good. Yeah. Bag so good. Owl bag Daddy Died like a dog. We have beautiful dogs. That's the name of his specials. Beautiful dogs. I know this sounds wrong because what I really want is I want, I want the Republican policies for, again, for national security and other purposes to be in place and, and to actually You know, focus on important things down the road. and I don't want price controls. That's another thing. Yeah. By the way that she's walked back, or her team has walked back.


Right. She came out with a price control idea for, for food, for Groceries, Which is fucking communism. Fucking communism. And it also, we've got plenty of case studies. This show it doesn't work. Right. And not only does it not work, it fails really badly. And no case studies that show it does work. And they're walking it back. Yeah. Already they're walking it back. That's a week ago. Yeah. She reminds me, There was a, There was a Peter Sells. We talked about Pink Panther. There was a Peter s Sells movie called Being There. And she reminds me of, of his character in being there called Chance the Gardener. And he was basically just this adult, but people kind of poured their ideas onto him. Right. And then imagined that he was brilliant and insightful.


Right. And a visionary Right. Back to Cato. Yeah. Back. Yeah. I can never get enough of that. So anyway, God, we haven't even talked about Russia. Russia, Russia. Yeah. Yeah. I, well, that's spooky shit that's going on now too. 'cause Ukraine is now in Russia attacking That's a, Yeah. if you had said, when we got together the last time, if you said you think Ukraine might invade Russia, right? Yeah. First time they've had an invading army on their turf since World War ii. Crazy. And now apparently it looks like they hold up to Ukrainian military is holding up to about 500 square miles of territory.


Wow. So, and they've just made some moves in a different section of Russia. Not, not the cursed region, but the Belgar Road region. And so they've had some incursions into there, like they may think about, maybe we're gonna open up a second front. And it's, I mean, it is fascinating. The Russians have had the, the Putin initially kind of dismissed it A little bit, you know, he was sort of like, ah, it's just, it's just a one time thing. Then they, they, they hung in there and then they've established supply lines. And now there's 200,000 plus residents in that region of the KIS region that have been displaced. So what do you got, you got a lot of population upset about this. Right? So now you got more news internally that isn't a good thing for Putin.


He's always worried about You know, sort of popular unrest like any dictator would be. And so it's, I mean, it is, it is fascinating. And they've been You know they've been using us and NATO munitions. Right? So remember There was a first two years. The Biden White House was like, Nope, you can't, no, you can't use us. Munitions, You know for striking targets inside of Russia. And then recently it was okay, just along the border, and now You know, fuck it. They're well into the cursed region and You know. So it is, it's a, it's a, it's very fascinating. It's also very worrisome, right.


You've got, Belarus has put a third of their military on the border that they have with Ukraine. And, and Belarus is run by a guy named Chenko, who's a, basically a Putin puppet. So you have to wonder are are they gonna try to You know stretch Ukraine resources thin? How long can they hold territory inside Russia? I mean, I I would argue that basically this is a ploy. And it seems like that's the way it's playing out with some comments from Zelensky over the past couple of days, that it's a move to try to strengthen their hand, You know, to force Putin to the table to come up with some type of negotiated settlement. Right. And Zelensky came out and said, look, I've, I've got a proposal that I'm gonna present to Biden or whomever's in charge at the UN General Assembly Week in September, I think it is in New York.


And he's being more open about now in the past day or so of talking about how this move into Russia is all about creating a better negotiating situation for them. And he's Right. Right. The only way you get Putin to the table and and get something meaningful for Ukraine is if he's feeling pain, and this is causing him some pain. Right. This is causing him to kind of rethink strategy to worry about against sort of internal, some dissent. So it's, it's a fascinating time. Now when Trump has said that he can solve this quick In the first day Yeah. First day in office Solve this. How would that, how is that possible? I don't think it is. I think he's, I mean, he's, look, he's, he's, he's speaks in hyperbole, right?


Right. So he's just doing that again. He's just like, I'm gonna solve this problem, but that, that's a self-inflicted wound. 'cause then it gives the Democrats a chance to say Oh. yeah. He's just talking crazy. You know. And so Also, if he gets into office and he doesn't solve it in a day, then it's Yeah. More of a problem. Yeah. I mean, maybe it takes him two days, in which case You know he'll be criticized. He really would be. Yeah. Oh, he will. Oh, course. Yeah, yeah, yeah. A full 24 hours after he promised. Yeah. Once again, he lied. Would, do you, do you think it's possible to resolve, like, what would be the ideal resolution? Well, I think it is possible to resolve it as long as, again, as long as Putin feels like he needs to, he needs to find a settlement. If he was, if he was making headway, Hey, look, don't get me wrong.


They've had some successes in the, in the eastern side of Ukraine where they've been You know, making a, an offensive against the Ukrainian military. So while the Ukrainian military has been advancing and, and, and having some success taking and holding some territory inside Russia, at the same time they've been having some real difficulties in the Danette's region and on the eastern side of, of Ukraine. And, but if Putin feels sufficient pain, then yeah, he'll, they'll find a settlement. and I think that settlement's gonna look frustratingly like what the lines looked like before this whole conflict started.


They're not gonna give up. Russia's not gonna give up Crimea. They're not gonna pull all their military, all their, their, their personnel out of the eastern side of, of Ukraine. And so I think at the end of the day, and this will, this will, you know, probably frustrate a lot of people who have been, you know, putting Ukrainian flags on their Twitter handles and waving flags and saying, we stand with Ukraine. It's not gonna look like Ukraine gets all its territory back. It's, it's not realistic. Right. So I think, I think that's what the settlement's gonna look like. But look, the, I look at this from, there's a lot of people out there, right?


Rightly so. There's a lot of people who dissent with the whole idea of why are we helping Ukraine? Right. I'm I not gonna wander into that minefield. Right. I'm just looking at it from an operational perspective. If the US wasn't helping Ukraine, Putin would own Ukraine by now. For sure. There's just no two ways about it. Right. Even with NATO support, and NATO's been very good. EU has been very good. Without us support, Putin would have Ukraine. So some people could care less about that. Okay. It's based on your experiences. Other people think that's a horrible thing. And so, I dunno, I'm just saying operationally, you know, if you look at it and you go, okay, our decision is we can't afford to lose Ukraine to Putin, so therefore we're going dump a lot of resource and assistance in there.


You know. So, you know, Bob's your uncle. I personally don't think You know Putin's the sort of person who stops when he gets something. Right. His next thought is, okay, now what? 'cause he's been very clear, just like the Iranians are clear about wanting to destroy Israel. Putin's been talking for years about trying to rebuild the Soviet Union in some fashion. Right. Not the whole thing. So I You know, I take him at his word. I think he's pretty serious about it. But I also get the point why people say, well, holy fuck, why are we spending all this money on Ukraine? You know. That's why I'm not running for president. Yeah. I mean, it is a lot of fucking money and it's a lot of fucking money. We have to pay that money.


That money's not. I mean, just printing money, it has consequences. It's not that simple. Yeah. You know what I love though is I do love Democrats. Now I've, I've heard some, some Democrats say, well, but actually look, this is a good thing. And these are Democrats saying this is a good thing because that money, well, in reality, the things that we're providing Ukraine are manufactured by US companies. So they're making money. And that's a good thing for the economy. Yeah. That's what Eisenhower warned you about. Stupid. Exactly. Fuck are you talking about? I do love that argument that I'm like, oh, well, that's a new tact to take for the Democrats is to Yeah. Argue on behalf of the military industrial complex. It's, it's such a strange way of rationalizing things when the left has always been anti-war.


Yeah. I mean, that's where things got real weird. The the left has always been pro-free speech and anti-war. And they're essentially the party that's trying to silence people under the guise of misinformation and disinformation, which a lot of that shit turned out to not be misinformation and not be disinformation. Right. Right. Especially the covid stuff with Jay bad and all the, the different Martin Koff, all these different people that got removed from Twitter and censored, Completely erased Alex Berenson, who's in a lawsuit right now with the Biden administration, You know all those people without Elon Musk buying Twitter, they would've essentially have been silenced. So all these dissenting opinions were legitimate people from Stanford and Harvard and all these people were labeled as kooks.


Right. Which is just goddamn crazy and very fucking dangerous. Very fucking dangerous. You're allowing corporations to dictate what is true and not true, depending upon how it's gonna reflect their bottom line. Yeah. That's scary. I think people, people hate having this pointed out. I mean, people on of a certain persuasion, when you say things like You know what a lot of the things that, that people on the opposite side from where the progressives and the left sit, they turn out to be. Right. Right. Whether it's Hunter Biden's laptop, whether it's the, the bullshit of the Russian dossier, whether it's issues related to covid. Right. And the idea that people aren't able to speak their mind.


Right. And that somehow the Democrats have decided that they're okay with censorship because really the government needs to tell you what's safe to hear. It's like the Democrats You know, supporting the war and the Republicans questioning whether it's a good idea. Yeah. It's everything's, everything's topsy turvy. Yeah. It's bass ackwards. It's an upside down world. It's an upside down world. That's what I'm, I'm trying to say. Very strange. It's just strange to see how people just immediately abandon all their principles and side with whatever their party's saying. That's when you realize that it really is just a tribal thing. 'cause because the left, the left silencing free speech and the left not recognizing that they were lied to by these corporations because they had originally sided with them and they had made these statements and they don't wanna walk these statements back.


And it's too difficult to say that you were wrong. And then the pro war stuff, it's just the whole thing is, and the fact that you didn't have better use for that $175 billion, you don't think they could have done it to help up What about our infrastructure? What about our inner cities there? That money couldn't have been invested in the United States. Yeah. You want better policing, invest in better training and hiring. Right. More consistent training subsidies For manufacturing incentives to have manufacturing kick. That's something we really should have learned during Covid. Like, oh my God, we're so dependent upon other countries for our goods. Oh, For pharmaceuticals. Yes. Holy shit. All that stuff. Shit. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. It's fucking super difficult to get during covid.


Well, and it's still difficult to get, there's still shortages of, I I was reading about Iser shortage. Adderall. Adderall Shortage. Yeah. Well, I think I know why there's an Adderall shortage. I think some people are taking it that really don't need It. Is that like ozempic? They're just, it's just, yeah. God Ozempic at least is helping people that are super fat lose weight. Yeah. Which is really important. We, we have a, a gigantic health crisis in this country. We're eating poison food and too much of it. And people are, they mean the obesity crisis in this country is unparalleled. There's never been a time in this country where half the people were technically obese. Yeah. And I'm not talking about the body mass index thing either, which is like, I'm obese according to that. Are you? Yeah.


I'm five eight, not even five eight. I'm under five eight and I weigh 202 pounds. I'm, I'm fat. Fat. Damn. It used to be five eight. I'm shrinking. You're shrinking. Yeah. Like disc degeneration, which is what happens to old people. It smaller and smaller. and I wanna deny that I'm older, but God damnit I'm fucking shrinking and my back hurts. And one of the reasons why my b It's like years of juujitsu too. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And weightlifting. But your discs get smaller. They get smushed her and your, your spinal column gets closer and closer together. And like There was a race car driver and they, he was one of the guys that did LeMans back in the day. And they got him in his original race car to take a lap around Lamonts and he couldn't fit the pedals anymore.


'cause he had shrunk four inches God. Since the time that he had. 'cause everybody just shrivels up. Yeah. Again, it's gravity, it's aging. We all, it all happens. Gravity wins. yeah. One of my brothers flew jets in Vietnam and, and that fucked up his back man. Oh God. His discs. Good god. The G forces and all that. Yeah. Oh. yeah. I couldn't imagine. Yeah. So, but the point is like, we have a massive health crisis in this country. The, the obesity crisis is really legitimate and it's, it's terrifying that it's so prevalent and that no one's doing anything about it. And this is one of the things that RFK wants to do when he gets into office and he's talking about seed oils and he is talking about a lot of different things that are like terrible for health or ubiquitous in our diet.


And to put some regulations on that stuff and to recognize that these are real issues and to inform people that these are real issues and not just let these big food companies just keep, I saw a fucking article today in Time Magazine is, Wait a minute. This Time magazine is still Time still out there. Magazine is still out there. Wow. See if you can find the, the, this this cover, this article. It was our super processed foods really bad for you. Oh fuck. Seriously. This Is the question. Instead of saying, Is fentanyl a bad thing? Yeah. Wouldn't he be better to eat healthy? Yeah. Which everybody would agree. Our super bad, our super processed foods really that bad for you?


Well, I can, I can help you out there and real quick. Yes. No, it says why they Are. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's not what I saw. That is not what I saw. I saw something very different than that. and I can find it. I'll find it in two seconds. Hold on, gimme a second. 'cause I know I saved it. 'cause I was like, what the fuck are Ultra processed foods bad for us? Hold on. Here's one that says, what if they aren't as bad as you think. Think Here it is from Yesterday. Aren't as bad as you think. Yeah. Oh, what if ultra processed food aren't as bad as you think? That's it. Well, they're not, they're a lot worse.


They're fucking terrible for you. What kind of bullshit argument is this? This is real. Look, they are really bad for you. Jessica's passionate about the papoosas from Costco. Oh God. Jessica, how about have a banana? You get on the treadmill, you fucking idiot. Like, what are we talking about? I got a bag of papoosas. It's fucking, We're eating shit. That's terrible bad. That's really bad for you. Sort what The next thing says, I guess. Okay. It all started the summer of 2023 when author an infectious disease physician, Dr. Chris Von Tuan was promoting his book Ultra Process People while writing it. Von von Tuan spent a month eating mostly foods like chip soda, bag bread, frozen food and cereal.


What happened to me is exactly what the research says would happen to everyone. V Von Tuan says he felt worse, he gained weight, his hormone levels went crazy. And before and after MRI scans showed signs of changes in his brain as von Tuan saw it, the experiment highlighted the terrible emergency of societies love affair with ultra processed foods. Okay. But you have to, this next part is really, is also really Wilson Who specialized working with clients from marginalized groups. Oh, marginalized groups, yes. Was irked. She felt that Van Tui's experiment was over sensationalized that news coverage of it shamed people. Yeah. You wouldn't who regularly Eat processed foods shamed them. That's what you got.


That that kind of fucking language drives me goddamn crazy. In other words, the vast majority of Americans, particularly the millions who are food insecure or have limited access to fresh food, they also tend to be lower income and people of color. Yeah. They fucking cover the whole spectrum. Wilson felt the buzz ignored this food apartheid, Food apartheid. Oh God fucking crazy. As well as the massive diversity of foods that could be considered ultra processed. A category that includes everything from vegan meat replacements, which by the way, are really fucking bad for you. And non-dairy milks, which by the way are really fucking bad for you to potato chips and candy, which by the way are really fucking bad for you.


How can this entire category of foods be something we're supposed to avoid because it not fucking food. Yeah, I can, it's not nutritious food. If you eat non nutritious Food, you get fucking sick. Imagine like linking that to racism and inequality. It's, it, it also said she got, she got 80% of her calories from processed foods. Yeah. I like to see what that lady looks like. Naked Oh. yeah. Yeah. She didn't experiment what she did. I'm trying Oh, she didn't experiment. Oh, I was an experiment. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah. Just an experiment for 40 years. I'm still, I'm still running with Data. I'm experimenting with cheeseburgers today. God. And I'm gonna have a, a experimental Coke It marginalizes and shames people. Yeah. Look, Marginalize that kind of fucking language is so divisive.


I Will say there's, there's a, there's obviously a problem with what, what do they call 'em? Food deserts, right? Yes. Absolutely. With the inability of, of communities to access fresh foods. There's no doubt about it. if you want to eat healthy, it can cost more. Right. But the solution is not to not tell people those foods are bad. The solution is to try to figure out maybe that some of that 175 billion could have helped. Yeah. You know how many free meals they could have given people free healthy meals with $175 billion if you really cared. Yeah. The problem with this is real problem. Those foods are delicious. Oh, they are delicious. Cool. Ranch Doritos. Oh God. And a nice cold Coca-Cola on ice.


A McDonald sausage McGriddle. Oh my goodness. Now you're talking my language. Yeah. Those fucking McGriddles are delicious. Oh, I got You know. It's a dessert with sausage in it. I'm Gonna tell you, I'm gonna tell you a quick story. I won't bore you with this one. Well, I will probably bore you with this one. I was in the airport in DFW Dallas-Fort Worth airport. I was transiting through the airport with, with my wife, and thank God she was there. And we're kind of running to get to the flight to go to Puerto Rico. I was gonna give a, a speech there and we hadn't had anything to eat all morning. And, and so we passed by McDonald's and I go, God dammit, I'm just gonna You know. Stop. you know, I'll just, I'll get a quick thing. So I got a sausage McGriddle and I, I, I take a bite of it as we're kind of dashing towards the, the next flight.


and I and I took a bite and I thought, oh no, no, it tastes too good. Right? Like, I can't eat this whole thing because I, I, I have this this mentality that says I, I'm gonna have to throw this away. Right. Because it's, it's so damn good. I'm gonna want one every day. And so I literally tossed the rest of it in there. That was the last thing I'd eaten. I, I eaten. I got on the plane, had a, the widow maker massive heart attack went out. Right. They had to get the plane off the tarmac. Oh, That was when that happened. Yeah. That was when that happened. The last thing I had I'd eaten was a bite of that fucking McGriddle. If you ate the whole thing, it would've Survived. If I ate the whole thing, I probably would've been Okay. You would've had a heart attack. I couldn't believe it. So I haven't had it. I haven't had anything like that ever since. Right.


God, They're so good though. I remember. I still, to this day, I remember it. McGriddles are fucking delicious. Crazy. But they're so good. I would, if I'm just gonna have a cheat meal of a breakfast food, do that. I'm going McGriddle all the way they nailed it. Yeah. I know it's bad for you. I'm not saying you should eat it, but God damn. It's good. Yeah. They knocked that one right outta the fucking park. There's something about the cheese with the sausage and the, the Syrup in the, the The Muffin thing Know muffin thing. God Dammit. I know. It's a, it's a beautiful invention. Someone online took, took the McGriddles and went to Chick-fil-A and got a chicken breast to put it in the middle. I made like a almost chicken and waffle Sandwich. Oh my God. That must be incredible. It sounds really good. What a great idea. I'm, I'm been making note of that.


That's what a great idea. Yeah. Chick-fil-A is so good that even gays buy it. They know that the Chick-fil-A people don't like the gays and they're like, I don't give a fuck. Give me that Chick-fil-A I would like to know how many of the gays avoid Chick-fil-A I bet it's like a very small percentage. They're like, fuck these people. They make a hell of a chicken sandwich. God Damnit, you shouldn be more upset than I am. Too good. They's Too good. Where are we gonna go? Let's go. They're so good. They close on Sundays and no one gives a fuck. Yeah, yeah. No, they don't. Don't, they're Like, we don't even want that Sunday money, which would be billions of dollars. Oh, I know. They pass on billions of dollars of profit.


One seventh of a potential revenue stream for the week and they just throw it to And one of the most successful fast food chains in the country. Yeah. And they're like, Nope. We like Jesus more than we like money. And the case are saying, And we're not really into the, We like Chick-fil-A more than more than we care about. I went into a Chick-fil-A the other day and the fellow that was serving me, I have a feeling that fella might have been a part of the, the Alphabet posse. Really? Yep. And he's working at the Chick-fil-A so maybe he doesn't care. No. Or he's an asset. Right. They they, they put him in there. He's an Intelligence asset. They show. Yeah. Or maybe that could be. Yeah. Or maybe he's like Uncle Tom You. know that kind of a deal. Can you have Is that They probably don't use that term.


It'd be Uncle Bruce. Oh, my uncle. Yeah. Was, Remember Bruce used to be a name for gay guys? Yeah. I It's not really anymore. It's not, it wasn't in Australia. 'cause everybody's a Bruce or a Sheila. Oh. So so you couldn't do that. But you know, You know what el Well, nevermind. I was, God, I was about to start Where gonna about go. I was gonna, talking about words. You can't say I got, I got in trouble with my kids. 'cause I was driving down the road and I I said something and, and the oldest boy was like, dad, I don't, I don't think we can say that anymore. And I said, really? And then I found myself like George Carlin driving in the truck with the, all, all the, all three of the boys saying just, just reeling off words. And they were horrified. They were like, because they've, they've grown up now in this environment. Right.


This woke environment. We Didn't have that shit. I'll tell you what, they don't have that in Texas. High school kids are the most unwoke kids I've ever been around in my fucking life. It's crazy. Listening to these kids talk. Yeah. Yeah. They're they're, they're saying wild shit because it's a rebellion. Yeah. So they're like little punk rockers. It's also crazy to hear 'em talk because they, they've invented a whole new fucking language. Oh. yeah. Like Sc Oh. yeah. Sc what the hell? Sc Bty. Exactly. What is, what is do You know? I don't know. I don't, I know. Also Sigma. Sigma. Yeah. I've Heard that they say sigma, which apparently is cool. Yeah. I think It's Confusing. You're so Sigma. Yeah. Yeah. I think Sigma is good.


I think it's good. Yeah. I'm confused over what SC is, but there's, I just, there's a whole language yacht I Like. Yeah. Yacht. I like suss. I like they say su Suss su. Yeah. That seems like, oh, Here. we Go. Do you understand the meaning of ski? Sc is a term relating to restlessness, paranoia and inescapable dread. Oh, what? I don't think they're using it the right way. That Doesn't sound Right. I think they're with a weight. Oh. It could also mean good or best. I've heard Skippity toilet come out of a couple of my kids. Oh Boy. The best shit. They took a skitty toilet. The hell sc toilet Oh. yeah. What does that mean? Page not found two parts. Not government is not found. They're censoring the sc information. This is not good. So are you SC Ohio? Risler Risler.


Riz. I know about this. Riz, what's that? Riz is when you got game, when you're a player. Charisma. When you're a player. A charisma. That's right. The Slang for charisma. And a riz has a lot of, oh, I wanna be a Rizz. Wow. There's a kid that's he, that's his name. He's the, oh wait, the Rizz. The little, little Max person. Nice. He's always doing like this. He's always kinda like looking at the camera going like that. Yeah. I I I like that. My kids have pointed that out to me. I like some of that. There he Is. Yeah. That Fell. And his buddy Justice, I think is his buddy's unstop Named Justin Untoppable defense Lineman. Costco boys. Look At him. Look at him. I think he's got the pose. He's got the rib. Right. He's a little concerned. Hmm. Quite concerned. He Looks like a jersey mob boss in a way. Like A son of a jersey Mob boss. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Like John Gotti the fifth. Yeah. So they, yeah.


But I, going back to that fucking thing about processed foods, that sort of shit is what I hit. Because you're absolutely right. Rather than try to help people by talking the truth, God forbid. Right. We're saying, well, we gotta protect them. We don't want to, we don't want to shame them. we don't want to, we wanna marginalize them. So instead of talking and saying, look, we know that you have You know that it's costs more or whatever, but here's the honest to God's truth about it, these foods are Yeah. It's a slow walk to, to death. Right, right. And so, yeah. But You know, I think there's, when, when, when, what's her, what's her name?


She's gonna be doing an interview tomorrow night. We've talked about it. Dana Bash. Kamala Harris. No, Harris. Yeah. Kamala Harris. Oh. I just, You got A Biden moment. That's why. See, that's why I, I can't criticize Biden because I can, he creatine. I walk along, I I do need creatine. Yeah. But anyway, so she talks about these price controls on food as if somehow that magically is going to, is gonna sort problems out. Right. It will just make this whole issue of access to food worse. Yes. It just fucks things up in terms of the supply chain. It And, and so that's why, I mean, she's not doing it, but her team is already walking this back a, an idea that she had just thrown out at the DNC Yeah. Saying, we're gonna do this and the other bullshit.


All these other ideas, about $25,000 for first time home buyers. What are they doing in California? Have you seen this proposal to give loans to illegal immigrants? Yeah. I I I are flat. I saw A top line headline For it. Are they buying votes? Like what are you doing when you're doing that? Oh? yeah. Well, what are you doing when you, when you You know, cancel debt for students. Right. But what About the citizens that want home loans? Yeah. Like how are you giving, you're incentivizing people to be illegal aliens is what you're doing. 100% full stop. if you allow that, you're incentivizing people to become illegally aliens. Well, you're also incentivizing people to raise the price of their home. Yeah. You tell me that We got a program now to give $25,000 first time home buyers. Now suddenly my $300,000 house is $325,000.


Thank you very much. Exactly. So it's a nonsense proposal. Yeah. But Yeah, it's all these things they're saying it just to win the election. And that's what it's Oh. yeah. And that's why they're walking 'em back so quickly. As soon as people push back against it, there's a wild thrashing going on right now publicly. And it's so fascinating to watch, like them just trying to lick their finger and find out which way the wind's blowing, which Is what they're doing. They're throwing ideas against the wall. Normally you would do that in, in, you know, behind closed doors and come up with a platform with all your policies. Yeah. You still go to their website. They still don't have, you know, their, their platform with all their policies and what we're gonna do for You know major issues of the day. So they're, instead they're just throwing this shit on the wall in public.


And if the public likes it, then they stick with it. If, if, if they don't like with the price controls or the the EV idea, then they back it off Right. In, in, in full view. Right. As if we're just supposed to go with it. And a lot of people do, and a lot of people do's thing, the the blind allegiance towards your party is so real, particularly from the Democrat side. It's so fucking real. At least Republicans have a thing called a rhino. Right. Republican in name only. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So At least they're suspicious of people that aren't re like, they seem to think that there's some infiltrators into the organization. They're not entirely on board with everything that all the Republicans agree with. And they'll, they'll have some infighting about that.


Well, We got all sorts of, I mean, we take categories now. We've got the Never Trumpers. Right. We've got them Yep. Outfits like the Lincoln Project, which I, as far as I can tell, is just a grift. Right? Yeah. These guys have just figured out that there's cash to be made by lining up with the Democrats. Right. And, and we can get all sorts of donations by saying, look, we're former Republicans and we'd never want Trump. Right. There's money in those hills. Right. Yeah. You can mine that for a while. And they've managed to, Especially politicians. Yeah. Yeah. Which are not exactly the most, I mean, there's some fucking shenanigans going on there. I don't have to tell you. It's like, these aren't the people that Like, that speculation again, the most Character driven statements.


Yeah. They're like, Oh God. It's just, but you can't, you can't. There's, I guess I, I get cynical because I don't see how it changes. I look around and I think, well how do we You know? How does it get any better, I guess is the question. Right? And it's certainly not gonna get better in the next short term cycle. Right. and I maybe, maybe if, well I don't know. I dunno how you, I dunno how you get people outta the trenches right now. It's like World War I and, and you get them to kind of stand up and at least make A little bit move towards each other and say, okay, we gotta, we gotta figure this shit out. We got a lot of serious problems. There's more crises overseas right now that we've had in a very long time.


Shit that could really, really get fucked up pretty quick. Right. Whether it's, whether it's what's going on in Russia and you know, something happens and next thing You know, you know, Putin decides, ah, fuck it. You guys are lobbing us missiles deeper into Russia. I think it's time for us to, you know, deploy something. Yeah. And you know, whether it's that or whether it's Xi Jingping deciding, screw it, you know, time To go into Taiwan, Time to go into Taiwan. We don't even know who's running the White House. So let's give it a go. I don't know. you know, You know you got the, got the Middle East, which I think people always assume, well, that's a self-contained problem. It's just there. But the, the chance for that to go sideways, You know right now.


Right. I mean, if, if they're successful and, and you know, and circling Israel by meaning that, you know, they dump enough weapons into the West Bank and they get some of their militant elements there to say, suddenly you got a three front war with Israel. Right. At some point there's gonna be some really undue pressure on any US administration to step in. Right. And that get, that shit gets ugly. We got thousands of people crossing the border who probably have really bad nefarious intent that we don't even know who they are. Right. Millions. But I'm just saying You know in terms of actual people who may be on the terror watch list. Right. You got a lot of people who have come across, we have the vetting that goes on, on the southern border is minimal at best.


Right. They, they don't have access to international databases. It's not like they're, they're getting people crossing in from China or crossing in from, you know, Turkey or Pakistan or I You know, I'm not picking on any particular country, but pick a spot and, and, and work with those home country liaison personnel to say, what are, what do you got on these people? Right. They simply are checking to see whether they're listed in the US criminal database. And if they're not, it's like, fine, here, here's your appointment. You know, we'll see you in court in a year and a half or whatever. Yeah. You know you're free to go. It's not even a year and a half. It's like five years. Five years. Yeah. It's, it's, it's, it's really, it's sad. There's tens of thousands of kids they can't account for. Right. There's just, it's a, it's, and and again, the, the White House or the Harris team wants to act as if she had nothing to do with anything.


He was the border za Remember when they were trying to say that she wasn't the border za Yeah. The same people who called her the border Za Yeah. On tv. But this Is what's so crazy is that they don't know that they said that. Do they not know that people are gonna find it and they're gonna post it? Did they think that somehow or another, those those videos are hidden from the public? I think they, again, they don't care. Right. They don't care. They, they, they, they understand. I think that You know, most Americans have a very short attention span. And we live in a world where you can ride out just about any storm. Right. I mean, and, and redemption is just around the corner. Right. I mean, you know, look, what's his name? Jeffrey Dubin wax off on You know a Zoom call and It wasn, it wasn't that long ago Really?


In the scheme of things. And he was off TV for like a year. Yeah. He is back. Right. He is back. you know, so You know that gives hope to all those people out there who can't control themselves. God, that was a weird You know and I, I suspect he's not the only one. Right. But Oh, they, they dropped like flies. Yeah. It was, it was a big problem. Yeah. That's the problem with like, working from home. You got a camera on a guy with a computer in a locked office. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean, I've never been on a Zoom call where I felt like that was, that never, you know, you know, not like, well, What makes you wonder? Like how, how, what, what kind of control do you have over your life if you have to whack off so bad that you do it in the middle of the day while you're on a call?


On a call, you don't even wait till the call ends. All right. Now Bob's gonna run through the second quarter numbers. Oh fuck. You. like your second quarter fucking numbers. What, What is in your mind? You fucking psychopath. Oh God. It's Weird. But it's, it also just shows you that these people that are holding themselves up to be these like moral authorities. No. You're just a fucking pervert. You're just another nut. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's, it's another nut who's putting on a mask when you get on television and pretending you're something great. Yeah. I, I, so I, I think that's what it is. I think there's, there's this sense that it doesn't matter, right? You can say anything, you can get away with it.


'cause people aren't gonna really care at the end of the day. Right. And You know. So while Common Sense would make you think, well, I'm sure actually they'll be You know, they'll be fact checking themselves and they'll be thinking about these things and they'll be more reflective and more analytical. That's just, that's all bullshit. It doesn't actually work that way. Yeah. It's all bullshit. Yeah. Yeah. It's all bullshit. But I think that there will be, I I, I think I, I dunno, I I, I'm, I'm just thinking about the aftermath of, of, of the election and Well, I'm scared, what I'm scared is that people have become accustomed to the fact the president's not in control of the government anymore. And that that's okay. That's, that's a scary thing too, because whether You like Biden or don't like Biden, like Trump or don't like Trump, at least you attributed the commander in chief, you were like, that's the guy that's the president.


And now it's like, well, if he's not the president, 'cause like he keeps going on vacation now. Yeah. He's like, he's not even Yeah. Talking anymore. He's just, he's probably disgruntled. And, and we got a bunch of months to go kids. Yeah. We're here sitting here talking in August. We got whole of September whole of October into November with no president. Yeah. And, and, and again, You know, I guarantee there won't be that, that question tomorrow night with, with, with one of the two potential successors Yes. To be the leader of the free world. Supposedly that question won't exist. It won't be Well, who, tell me, tell me about the decision making process. If the president sometime ago said that, or the, the White House said that he's really good from 10 to four, You know 10:00 AM to 4:00 PM and things don't get better over time, they get worse.


How is he doing now? And if that's the case, You know, what's the decision making process like at the White House and what kind of role are you playing in it? And by the way, can we ask one more time, when did You know that he was in declined? And were you just telling the American public the complete opposite? Right. And he, he's not fucking sharp as attack. So when did You know that? And what was the decision process around that in terms of deceiving the American public? What was your Thinking? How did they go with him even back in 2020? Like how did they do that? Like what, what was the thought? How did they not see what everybody saw? How would, how was that the best option to win? Yeah. It wasn't as bad. It wasn't as bad to be fair.


2020. It was not as bad. It was not as bad, But it was bad. Yeah. It was, well it, you could kind of predict it, right? Oh, I predicted it. Yeah. Yeah. I saw it coming. I was like, come on man. He's not gonna get better. He's not as good as he used to be. Yeah. When he was a vice president, he was way better. Yeah. Not as good as I once was. Yeah. As good once as I ever was. Thank you Toby. Keith. Yeah. I, I think he was the safe bet, right? They certainly weren't gonna go with Sanders. They already kicked them out once, four years before. Yeah. They Weren't gonna go with Sanders. But there's a lot of other people that could have stepped up. There was a lot of governors who could have, I mean, bill Clinton kind of came outta nowhere. Yeah. Yeah.


But You know Bill Clinton. Yeah, that's true. That's true. It was, but it was, I would also argue it, was it even that mo that recent time? It was a different time. Right? Was that long ago? Well, not only that, but I think Clinton probably wouldn't have won if it wasn't for Ross Perot. Yeah. I think Ross Perot, a lot of people who were more conservative, right-leaning went with Ross Perot and afterwards they changed the whole criteria for being involved in the debates. 'cause they're like, we can't have this happen again. Right. Right. So they Changed. They gotta shift that game. Right. Yeah. The whole commission for presidential debate shifted, which is, by the way, a privately funded thing. Yeah. Which is crazy too. I think there's, there's also that this upcoming debate, look, one of the things that, that Trump should be very thankful for is the rules that they established for that first debate with Biden.


The only debate with Biden where they said, okay, we're gonna cut the microphones off. You're not allowed to speak. That worked like a charm. Right. It Did. Kept them in check. Yeah. And so I, I'm not sure whether that's the case for the 10th September debate with, with Harris, but it does look like now her campaign team is arguing that she should be able to have notes. Right. And they didn't have notes previously. Right. They were just like, she needs show up notes. She needs notes. So I think they're pushing for that. Now. I, I, that's, you Know, let me tell you something as a comedian, notes are not good. Here's the problem with notes. You know you have those notes. Yeah. So you're thinking about those notes while you're talking. Yeah. And you go to those notes. You think about the, I mean, you can write notes while you're debating, like they gave 'em a pad.


You're allowed to write things out, but it's a blank pad. Right. Right. But if you have those notes, you're gonna be looking for them. And that's an added distraction. You gotta be so dialed in that you don't need those fucking notes. Yeah. Especially on television. 'cause the pressure is clearly something that gets to her. Right. Because Apparently Yeah. That, that laugh comes out. Yeah. Well she's, well it doesn't come out in debate, but she's much better at talking if you don't have pressure and lights on her. I know people that know her that say she's intelligent. Okay. So it could be That's good that she locks up when she has to talk, which is a real thing. People they freak out with. Also imagine the kind of criticism that lady experiences on a daily basis.


Yeah. If she just reads comments on Twitter. Right. Her fucking head would spin. Right. Like so all day long, she knows how many people hate her. How many people think she's an income poop? People? You could say the same thing for Trump though. A hundred percent. But it obviously it doesn't affect him. It doesn't affect him. She used to being famous. Fair enough. Yeah. It's been famous his whole life. So for him, he is like just fucking water off the duck's Back. But she's been in the limelight for a long Time, she thinks. Yeah. But she ain't good at it. She ain't good at it. No. Some people are not good at it. Like, there's a lot of people that are famous forever. And the anxiety accentuates over time. Yeah. It heightens it gets worse. Yeah. Because they, now, the pressure of all these people hating them actually starts to freak them out. You know, it sounds like you're gonna vote for, Is that what it sounds like? That's what M-S-N-B-C did You know what MBC did?


What? Do you know that? No, they took a clip of me talking Well, about Tulsi Gabbard and they tried to attribute it to Kamala Harris. They edited it and they posted it on their TikTok. Holy shit. Yeah. Oh, they, and then my stepdad called me up because he, he texted me that I'm glad he was glad that I was suing M-S-N-B-C. 'cause there's this article that I'm suing them. God. I was like, I'm not suing, I'm not suing them. But they did do that. They did do that. I saw that point that people were losing their minds because they, they said you would endorsed RFK Jr. Yeah. I said, I like him. Yeah. That's all I said. I said, he speaks reasonably and he talks about the issues. He doesn't attack people. I think we could all use more of that in this world. That's all I Fucking fucking said. Shocking statement. Yeah. And they're like, he's endorsing.


He's endorsing. See, they want they want you to have a side. Yeah, exactly. And, and again, going back to what you said, it's tribal, but, okay. Well that, you know what, Hey, I'm glad to hear that people that know her are saying she's intelligent because one of 'em is gonna win. And so for the good of the country, You know She's gotta have some intelligence to have climbed the ladder the way she climbed the ladder. Like at least some intelligence, knowing Willie Brown's a good guy to become friends with. But other than that, I mean, she's gotta have, there's no way you get that far without something going on. I just think she's real bad at talking. Yeah. And especially talk Well real good in that one speech though.


That was another thing. People got mad at me because I was talking about how great that speech was. Yeah. Because it was fucking great. Say it to my face and the whole place. But You Know. Yeah. But if you've got a teleprompter Yeah. And you've rehearsed it. Yeah. And you've got, you've got speech You know instructors there talking to you. Yes. And say, emphasize this. Try it again. Try it one more time. Hold, of course you're gonna give a great speech. Sure. You hold, oh, you gotta give a knockout speech hold. Yeah. That's all people need in this day And age. But that's not critical thinking. It's not the ability to analyze, it's not the ability to make quick decisions. It's not the ability to show leadership. And that's all of those things. And, and again, people will keep going the same thing. Every time I say this, You know Trump. And I'm going like, look, I I'm not talking about Trump right now.


Right. I'm talking about over here. Right. I'm talking about the other contender and I don't know. I just, it, I I don't, and and more than that, I just worry about the policies that, again, they haven't enunciated many of 'em, but I do worry about what they've thrown against the wall so far. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of these socialist leaning ideas are very disturbing. And there's another thing that she's talked about, about equity as opposed to, as opposed to equality and literally talking about equal outcomes, which is fucking insane. That's insane talk. Yeah. That doesn't work. 'cause you're not gonna have equal effort. The whole reason why this country works, the whole reason why capitalism works is because of competition.


That competition should be fair. But there is a reason why some people succeed more than others. And a lot of it has to do with effort. Yeah. There's a lot of luck involved. There's a lot of nepotism and law. There's a lot of shit involved, but also hard work. Yeah. And if you wanna have equality of outcome, you, you're gonna have no incentive for people to work hard. Yeah. You know what to, to that point, my youngest boy Mugsy was, was telling me he came home from school, this was towards the end of last year. And he was kind chuckling over myself. So what, what are you, what are you laughing about? He goes, oh God, it was funny. And he talks just, just like this. He says, guy, it was, it was very funny. He says, we had a, we had a project in class where the teacher, I forget which subject it was, but anyway, the teacher handed out a paper, a test.


And he explained, okay, well here's a test. I know it's a snap test. I know you guys weren't expecting it. You know, just You know. But I want you to You know, do your best. He says, and You know you weren't expecting it, so I'm gonna take all the scores and I'm gonna average 'em out. Right. And, and that'll be You know how you do. So, so my boy sits in the back there and just doesn't do fuck. All right. He got like one question answered and he was like, well, fuck it. 'cause he's smart enough to think, all right, I You know fine if, if all we're gonna do is take all the results and smush 'em together that and everyone's gonna So crazy. Yeah. And so there were, there were some people in there that were really pissed off, which was the teacher's point.


Right, right. And when they found out what had happened, 'cause they had really tried and they'd gotten very good grades. And then there's Jack with like a two out of a 100 and he gets the same result that they did. Exactly. He was like, look at me. So he said, no effort. I got what you got. But he saw it. Right. and I thought, well, I'm not sure whether I'm proud of that or not, but I think it's entertaining. Well if he's not dumb and he doesn't like the class and he thought it'd be fun to just like get a good grade by doing nothing. It's he game the system. He Game the system. Yeah. And the system sucks. Which is how, which is how this whole thing would work. When you talk about You know Equal, at the end of the day, You know. It's just nonsense talk. And it's only talk for voters. It's talk to try to get people who aren't doing well, to say, well, sh with her, I'm gonna do well.


Yeah. Everything's gonna be fine. Look What they're giving me. They're, they're canceling my debt. Oh, they're talking about canceling my debt. They're talking about giving me a first time home payment. I, they're talking about You know, you know, sticking it to the rich people. They're talking about price controls. They're talking about rent controls. Yeah. Good guy. We start doing all that shit. You know. You think, you think the economy has some issues? I mean, I, so Yeah. No one who's an economic advisor thinks that's a good idea. Yeah. No one who understands the economy. Yeah. I mean, I think that one thing that, that they're obviously probably somewhat happy about, they gotta be happy about it, is that moving into the election, You know it does look like the Fed's gonna cut rates.


Right. And I'm sure there's gonna be a lot of people on the right who are gonna say, oh, of course the Fed's doing that for political reasons. Right. And You know when Well, It's good for the country. It's good for the Country. Yeah. And that's, that's, that's where we've gotten away to Right. Interest rates are fucking crazy right now. Oh God, you Yeah. They're crazy. Home buying and car loans, everything. It's fucking nuts. Yeah. And that is, that's another problem you talk about, you know, sort of the perception. Everybody's got, not everybody that's not right, but right now, the, the, the perception of the economy is, it, it, it sucks. Right. Or it's not good. Right. It's not good. I'm not, I'm not comfortable, I'm not You know. I'm not saving money. I'm spending more money on, on everything. And but for the past year or so, you've had the White House telling them just the opposite things are looking good.


Right? Right. We're, we're really, we're really doing well. And You know. So there's this lack of credibility, right. That exists not just from the White House or from this particular administration. You know, I guess a bigger point is people just don't have You know a lot of trust in a lot of things related to the government. Right. They don't believe their politicians, they don't believe they're government agencies. Right. The various, I mean, look at everybody talking about we gotta, we gotta disband the FBI, we gotta shut down the Secret Service Now. The Secret Service didn't do any favors for themselves. Holy fuck. But yeah, the CIA, they're talking about CIA. Yeah. Getting rid of the IRS, like Okay. And substituting it with what Yeah. What are you gonna do? Yeah. What you gonna rebuild it from the ground up? You don't think you're gonna have the same problems.


Yeah. Yeah. And whatcha gonna do with all the things that they're investigating overseas, What, are you gonna do, whatcha gonna do, whatcha gonna do with all the national security threats? Yeah. We're gonna, we're gonna tear down. We gotta shut down the CIA. Okay. So you think we live in a benevolent world. Yeah. Right. You think that, okay. Of course. It's, it's a, it's a human endeavor, so it need, it can always stand improving. Right, of course. And same with all the other government agencies out there with everything. Yeah. But You know this idea that you just gotta, you gotta tear institutions down because you're pissed off about, you know, whatever it might be. Let me ask you this, when he was speaking of that, yeah. One of the things that Trump said was that he was, I think it was Pompeo that talked him into not releasing the Kennedy files.


Yeah. Yeah. And he Trump said that if you saw what they showed me, you wouldn't release it either. Yeah, yeah. I know, I know. I, I, I saw all of that and honest to God, I don't have, I don't have a a a a secret that I can reveal. I can't. But What do you think it is though, when you hear things like that? Yeah. Do you get concerned? What's In there? I mean, to me it sounds A little bit like You know National Treasure, that movie with Sink Louis Cage where You know the secret book that they have. And they, they, they open the book and they read what all the presidents have told 'em about things. I, that movie, it's, you should watch it. It's actually a very, it's a very funny movie, but yeah. What do I think it means? I dunno, is Trump speaking in hyperbole or is there some Well, There's gotta be a reason why they don't wanna release it.


Well, Yeah. So what could the, what could a reasonable reason be? Yeah, I I think part of it is, I think that there's, there's this tendency on the, on the government's part, right? Once they classify anything, you, it's really tough to get them to back off of that. Right. It's really tough to, to get them to declassify information. I would argue they should. Right? Let's, let's, at this point, nobody is still alive, right? And so you would think at this point they'd say, ah, okay, fine. Right. There can't be a sources and methods issue here. Right. They can't be like, well, we're worried about if we, if we open up this file, even if there's not like some smoking gun that said, you know, they did it.


Right. But, but even if it's just on the margins, like Lee Harvey Oswell went down to Mexico, we know that because You know meet with a Russian embassy down there. And we know that because we had an asset who You know, reported on it from inside the Russian Embassy, whatever it may be, they're all dead. Right. There's no, so, right. I would argue just yeah, fucking declassify it. Let it go. So I, I don't know, I don't have a good explanation for it. But what If it says that the I a killed Kennedy, If it says that and it's backed up, then you know, I I I, that's a come to Jesus meeting for me. Plus literally I'm gonna, yeah. I'm gonna have to, I'm probably gonna have to You know, rethink my position on a lot of things.


Yeah. Well, I think that's what they're worried about. Yeah. And if that's what he's saying and that's what they're actually worried about, that maybe that would be a real problem. It would be a real problem that could undermine a lot of the national security issues that we do have. Oh, fuck yeah. Surely power the CIAS. Yeah. Yeah. I if, if, if that was the case, but think about this, we talked about this before. I've always felt like the MLK, like Martin Luther King's was, was more There, was there, it, it more unsettled that There was just something from an intuitive point of view from a, from an investigator's point of view, and it's Not investigated the same way JFK is, Was not No, no. And you don't hear about it the same way you hear about JFK And There was, it was more of a, There was more of a, of a sort of a local thing.


Right. It was There was, you just felt like You know the There was more of a, of a element of, I dunno, various local players engaged in it, local police, state, police, whatever it might be. And, you know, and possibly federal side and all kind of There was just something unsettling about that whole incident. So, yeah. I mean, look, any of these things would significantly undermine past where it is now. I mean, already people have distrust, but, But if it was proved yes, beyond a shadow of the doubt, shadow of a doubt, the CIA killed Kennedy, that would be a giant issue. It Would be a giant issue.


And then that would be what happens then what do you do then? At that point? You know. Who knows? Because look, there's, I'll be honest with you, look, the agency, of course, I'm gonna say what everybody expects me to say, the, the agency and I can only speak from, from that point of view of, I can't talk about the Bureau or Secret Service or others, but, but the agency does some tremendous work in, in pursuit of protecting national security interests. I believe that, And, And I believe that most of the people that are involved are patriots. Yeah. But I will say, if that were to be proven without a doubt, because they declassified that paperwork, none of that shit's gonna matter. Right. All that good work. Right. Right. All that. I don't even know where you'd go with it.


Right. I mean, the church You know, they, they basically wanted to disband the agency at that point. Right. They Wanted That was in what year was That? That was the seventies. Yeah, that was, and that was You know. Look, they put, Carter put Stansfield Turner into the agency basically to try to, you know, I would argue dismantle it. Right. And, and that was so There was a period of time when, when there, and, and also after, of course after World War ii, they just shut down OSS it was like, yeah, we don't need it. Right. So would that create a moment where the public's just saying, fuck this, we don't need it. We'll just maybe, you know, we'll see, but I guarantee you something bad would then happen and they would say, well, we need to reconstitute it in some fashion.


You know. Right. Let's do it. So It would, It would end, Especially if it's publicly known that it's not there anymore. Yeah. And then foreign actors know this. You, you gotta have, you gotta have these organizations. So that's, that's a hypothetical that, but It's like every organization, you're gonna have bad apples in the organization and You like cops. Yeah. I think cops are overall very important and very good. Right. But when you have a bad cop, that bad cop, especially if it's on video now, people think of cops as only being that one bad cop. Right, right. And defund the police. Yeah, Same. And by the way, Kamala Harris. Kamala Harris, yeah. She was, she was a big part of That You know what, you know what that, that this part always surprised me. Defund the police.


So we don't want as many police on the streets. Okay. First of all, the logic train on that one because somehow what all the bad guys go away then? Well, there's no police, so I don't need to commit any crimes. Everything will be better. Or we put community people in there, social workers and whatever, instead of saying in a logical fashion saying, okay, clearly we had some bad eggs, what we need is better police. Yeah. What's that gonna mean? That's gonna mean more money. We need to actually fund the police. You need more training. The police need more training anyway. Right? Yes. Look, look at the Secret service. Good guy. Those guys in terms of their amount of actual consistent on the job training they get is, is minimal at best.


And so it's the same with the police. The first thing to always go is the training budget. Right. So it to me that, that, that never made any sense. But you're right, Harris was also on the, on the side of Defund the Police. I don't think she would ever bring that up again. I think we've pa that moment in time has passed. Well, We've seen the disastrous results. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And Tim wa speaking of You know look at Minnesota. Minneapolis. Right. That was kind of ground zero for defund police, But at least he put tampons in the boys' room. Yes. You know because Yeah, my God, don't get me started. That was another thing. My boys, all boys constantly thank God for them because that's how I learned what not to say and get myself in trouble.


Right, Right. You gotta know the temperature. I gotta Young the kids today. Yeah. I gotta say, look, is this sc or is this not You know? Fuck is this Sigma, what's going on here? I got, got the ribs going. Yeah. Well, Mike, I don't know if we resolved anything. I think we might have a couple of, I think so. A couple of small issues. Yeah. Alicia, what's your, what's your prediction? I can I ask that? What's your prediction for the election in November? What do you think is gonna Happen? I don't know. Because I think there's a lot of time between now and then. Yeah. And look, someone, whether that guy was acting alone or whether or not he had help, someone tried to kill Trump at least once. There was a a, an interview where Trump was outside talking to someone and said, we I've been told we shouldn't even be out here.


We shouldn't be outside. You know that there's some issues. So there's probably other threats. We know that There was an Iran assassination attempt. Yeah. There was something involved in that, that was stopped. I guarantee there's people that want him gone and to say, now I know what's gonna happen. You know November, things change so quickly and it's so nuts. And our memory's so short and everything happens so fast and the news cycle is just flooded with new things constantly. Yeah. I don't know what the fuck is gonna happen. Look at that. The short window of time from the, say the, let's go with the 13th of July.


The, the rally when it was shot through the, the RNC. Right. When There was from, from the perception I was out in Milwaukee for something else, but I was out there during the, the RNC and everybody, a hundred percent was convinced we got this in the bag. Right. Short period of time later, Harris is supposedly in the lead. Yeah. You know. Biden's gone. He's, he's pushed off the, the, the, the surface there. And, and, and she's in. So you're right. You know and between now and then fucking anything. But maybe the aliens visit, Maybe that's the only thing that's gonna save us the Aliens. Yeah. Maybe that's the only thing. God, I don't even know how I feel about that. The more I talk about it, it, the more I feel like someone's lying to me. The more people I have on that talk to me about aliens, the more I feel like there's some nonsense going on.


There's a, there's a layer of nonsense in that stuff. Yeah. I saw that interview you did with Lou Elizondo. Yeah. Elizondo. Yeah. Yeah. Well If what he's saying is true pretty fucking fascinating, there really is something bigger than an oil rig that's going 500 knots underneath the ocean. Yeah. And they have video of it. It'd be kind of nice if you released that. Yeah. They really do have 4K video of these crafts moving at insane speeds that are very high resolution and yeah. You could see exactly what you're looking at. That'd be nice. I saw his, I mean I I I saw his explanation for why they wouldn't was because, well we don't wanna tip off the aliens You know that we know about it. I'm thinking, Is that the explanation? Yeah. Well it's sort of like if, if we do, if we say that we You know if we alert the public, then suddenly they'll know about it and they may move up their plans to attack us sooner.


And my my thought was, I'm pretty sure if, if, if they can build what they're, they're building and move that way and and develop, they probably know what we're doing already. Right. So. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And they probably have the ability to stop anything we're trying to do. Yeah. Or We're talking about something that can get here from another galaxy. I have a feeling they're A little bit more advanced than us. Yeah. you know, when you go to the Amazon jungle and you visited an uncontacted tribe, you're not really worried about arrows if you have a tank. Yeah. Yeah. You Know. Yeah. God damnit. I was promised in the sixties, late sixties, admittedly I was young. A jet pack. Oh. yeah. We. were all gonna have jet packs. Flying cars, remember Flying cars. It didn't happen to this day. I am still pissed off about it. Yeah, yeah.


But anyway, Can you imagine how bad people drive? They were just flying around thinking about that idiot that t-boned you, God with that idiot's in the sky checking his phone and he slams in you and you both go crashing into a target. My truck would be a fucking mess at this point. Both sides. Both sides. Not just one side. Both sides. No. you know, I think we did solve a couple of things, but I think we had a fun conversation. Yeah. That's all I expect. But I always wanted to get your perspective on things. 'cause you're one of the few people that actually knows what they're talking about with these things. Yeah. So I appreciate you very much. No, and thank you. And, and you know, if you don't mind me mentioning one more time Yeah. Thank you for the invite that we had for UFC 3 0 3.


Oh, I took my boy out there. Nice. He had the time of his life. It was, he, he hadn't been to the fights before and he is a UFC fan, so he You know he, he knows what he's doing or he knows the players and everything. Yeah. Had a great time out there. So it was Oh good. It was a Great card. Glad you had fun. That was a great card too. Oh 3 0 3 it looked like it might not be right, right. But It pulled up Yeah. Yeah. Pulled up at the end. Really? Yeah. Very nice. Yeah. That, That final one with, with Pereira was great. Yeah. God damn. That's fucking Terrifying. Holy shit. He's So terrifying. Oh My God. Yeah. Yeah. No, that was, it was really good. And what's it, I thought one of the best ones was, what's her name? Macy Oh. yeah. That was a great fight too. Yeah, she, yeah, she did, she did really well. Yeah. It was a great card. Yeah. Anyway, the Vegas fights are always fun.


Yeah. But thank you. Appreciate glad you And boy, have a good time. My pleasure, brother.


All right. Tell everybody one more time your podcast, how to get ahold of everything Oh. yeah. It's the President's Daily Brief. It's available on all podcast platforms. It's twice a day you're in, you're out. We tell you the key things. we don't, we don't take up a lot of your time. And, and then Bob's your uncle, and then we do a weekend show. And you can find that on our YouTube channel at President's Daily Brief. And it's also on the first tv. So we're kind of all over the place. It's doing very well and I think it's doing well 'cause of what we talked about. It's just the news, right? Yes. And it's concise and it's just the top three or four issues going on at that moment. But it's just the news. It's not like some opinion thing where I'm, I'm spending a lot of time telling people how to think about it. Yeah. You know. I mean, occasionally I might let something slip, but for the most part, so I think there's a, an appetite for That. There certainly is.


So there's a thing We were talking about yesterday. I said the name wrong. It's the 1440 project, right? Isn't that what it is? For 1440? This is like objective news. I get a, an email. I'm on the email list. Yeah, that's it. Okay. I, I recommend that. It's very good. Excellent. Mike Baker. Thank you very much brother. Appreciate Mr. You. like We, bye everybody.