
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan. Experience Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. So Before you press record Okay. I have, I'll go most places. and I'm here 'cause I want to tell people the truth about the last 80. I've had a pretty shit two years. 'cause top gear ended in a way that most Americans won't know. But my colleague nearly died in a crash and then they left us in limbo a bit. I've never told anyone anything about it. Oh. Largely because my friend and colleague, who was nearly killed in the accident, called Andrew Flintoff, who was a presenter on the show. Again, no, Americans will know who he is, but he's a massive sports hero in the uk.


He plays that weird game called Cricket. Mm. He was like our best cricket player. Can we use this or, Yeah, no, we can. I just wanted to give you a quick forward foretaste of it. and I, I'm not, I'm here to, I'll say some things that people wouldn't have heard before and they'll make them gas a bit. 'cause we're recording now. Yeah, that's fine. Okay. Yeah, that's fine. Yeah. Alright. I wasn't On him though, because What's that? I wasn't on him because you said the Okay, that's fine. Well, So, But I'll, we on me? Yeah. Yeah. We're Good. I'm gonna, I'm gonna go into it all. Okay. But it might be that what seems quite electric to me, it's Good to see You since we're rolling. Cheers, sir. 10 years. Yeah. It's been a while. And do You know what I, I don't, I don't ever listen to what I say or, or watch what I record. I don't watch my own shows. Good for you. You probably don't either, do you? I don't. No, no. It's good for the soul.


Yeah. Once it's done, it's buried. Exactly. But I think I came to see you about a month before I received a phone call saying, do you wanna do this television show called Top Gear? Yeah. It was before Top Gear for sure. Yeah. And I think it was then. and I and I think at that point I'd been fielding a lot of questions about, well, why, why would you follow Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear? And I'd gone, eh, no one would do that. They'd be an idiot to do that. And then, and then I looked at the sort of monthly payments that I needed to live my life. and I got offered a bit of, not much money, but some money. I thought I'll give it a go. But most importantly, I thought the 17-year-old me, if he saw me say no to this job, would punch me in the face. Right. 'cause it's my dream job. Right. and I know that Top Gear is a weird thing in the US because I think many us people are aware of it that it exists, but they've never really seen it because it never was put on a big network here.


Yeah. But it became very popular on YouTube. It did. Yeah. I mean, it's a great, it was a great show. Yeah. I mean, I, I, whether, whether my era of Top Gear will be considered great. I don't know. I had lots of fun making it. But following in Jeremy's footsteps was on reflection of decision. I I, I made the wrong call. I shouldn't have done it. Oh, really? Really? Yeah. I had a great time. But you try following him in the UK Just because of how much he's loved and Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I just, I didn't realize how deep rooted it was. I still get hate mail now. I still get hate mail. Yeah. You could have had the exact same show under a different name and people would've loved it. Yeah. Yeah. And I think we made some good films. and I and I love what I did. But even if we made a good film, it was always shit because it wasn't Jeremy.


I really enjoyed it though. I enjoyed you being on it. You know it's very kind. You're you're great. You're my favorite automotive journalist. Well, that's very kind of you and I've just, I've just seen what you've arrived in as well. and I thoroughly approve your taxi motor vehicles. Am I allowed to say what it is or not? Yeah. Yeah. It's a, it's a raptor r that John Hennessy jumps up to a thousand horsepower. It's fucking ridiculous. I think. I think I'm often asked, if you lived in America, what car would you drive? And It would always be a raptor comes under the heading of always drink the local beer. Mm. You know if you go to a city, don't order a Heineken or a Bud drink the local beer. Yeah. And the F-150 Raptor is your local beer. Yep. That's about as American as it gets Dodge Rams and Ford F1 fifties.


Yeah. Those are the most American vehicles. A thousand horsepower in a truck. It's ridiculous. We never thought It would be possible, Did we? No, no. Zero to 60 in three seconds for a giant pickup truck. It's awesome. And it sounds great too. Just has this beautiful rumble. Do you think you'll be allowed to drive that in 10 years time in this state? No. Maybe in this state. Yeah. But if you leave, they'll like have people at the border waiting in the bushes to arrest you the moment you cross over. if you don't have an ev and you know, in California they have a mandate in 2035 You know at, at after 2035, no internal combustion engine vehicles are allowed to be sold in the state. Same in the uk. Although they, no, they, it was 2035, then the last administration moved it back to 2030.


Good luck. So they're not even ready. They're not ready. The grid's not ready. I'm so torn on this. 'cause everyone looks to me as the ultimate petrolhead. And I'll sit there and go, they're all shit. They're not all shit. They have a place. And the most sophisticated assessment of this that I've come across was just a, a very normal person I was talking to one day in an airport who said, sure. The solution is that you just use what's pertinent to the energy that's easiest where you live. and I think it's the best way of explaining it. You know if you live here, you drill a hole in the ground there, there's oil around here. Yeah. if you live in Iceland, you drill a hole in the ground, there's loads of geothermal. So why wouldn't you have an EV there? It's brilliant. It's everywhere. Right. It's quite a small country and it travel large distances.


We just, but iceland's cold and the battery capacity when it gets really cold, diminishes pretty rapidly. Yeah. But if, but also if you, if you live there and you've got loads of batteries and you have a cartridge system, we can sort them in and out. It's doable, Isn't it? Oh, okay. Yeah. I just think we need to be a bit clever about it. Yeah. But at the moment, the subject's approached with this is good. This is evil at the moment. We live in a Star Wars reality. So effectively you're either the, you're either the rebellion or the, or your Darth Vader and his crew. Yeah. And I've been, and you will as well, I've been pushed into the corner of being Darth Vader. Just don't think I am. I, I You know when I can, I use the train. If I'm in a city, I quite like riding a bicycle 'cause it suits me. I like it. It works. Yeah. But when I wanna go out on an open road and enjoy a nine 11, I wanna enjoy a nine 11.


Why can't I, I don't see, I, I find it very difficult when I'm told to do things that I don't think are rational or reasonable. No. And there's this religious ideology that's attached to climate change. That's it. It has that sort of fever pitched religious aspect to it. And most people, when you corner them, if they're even the, the real zealots, most people really don't understand how much data there is on the impact that human beings have on climate change. How much is being done in China and India that will not change at all and is only gonna get more extreme and like what little impact you have. Yeah, comparatively, That's a really interesting point because on the one when you talk, it's like being a parent on the one hand.


You can respond, respond to that by saying, well, yeah, I'm gonna make no difference. I'll just carry on driving around in my raptor. But then it could be suggested that that means that you should make a difference. But I, I find it really difficult that we can't understand that if, if there has to ultimately be a change at some point, if it's rational, I dunno if it's now or it's certainly not 2035. That's not reasonable. No. We need to prepare ourselves to make logical and progressive changes. Yeah. I don't, I don't think you can mandate those changes. No, you're quite right. First Of all, we have a long history of internal combustion engines as recreation vehicles and we love them. And we're not, I don't, I think it's completely unfair if you're still running coal plants that power electric vehicles, which is a fact in America.


They have coal plants that power electric vehicles. They do far more damage to the environment. And if you tell me I can't have an internal combusted engine while you're doing that to power electric vehicles, I'm gonna say, fuck you because fuck you is the right thing to say. 'cause that doesn't make any sense. Yeah. And there's also this weird thing that is attached to this. This is a business, the green energy business. And these people that are involved in the green energy business have done a tremendous job in pushing these politicians to promote this very specific propaganda about what you can and what you can't do and what we need to do and where we need to get to and what bills we need to pass in order to get to this position. And they're all profitable.


And that's the problem that nobody wants to talk about. This is all business. And like most businesses, like the business of vaccines or the businesses of infrastructure, there's, or military, there's a lot of money being exchanged. And that's why it's being promoted. It's not, this isn't some completely altruistic. We need to save the world. And this is what's wrong. That's not true. It's not true. I think I, I think I agree. and I and I and I, there are some basic tests you can apply to it. if you gave most people that are, that are that love the internal combustion engine, an electric vehicle that could do exactly the same thing as well, but be electric, they'd take it. But they can't.


We, we cannot. They're, the technology doesn't work at the moment. you know, It just doesn't sound the same. It doesn't feel the same. But but's, that's the non, I'm talking about the non enthusiast, the non enthusiasts people like you and I that don't care about that. Right. Okay. if you gave them an electric vehicle that did exactly the same job that could do it as well and could be as flexible to their needs, they'd take it. Yeah. 'cause it's as good. But Right. But no one can do that at the moment. They don't exist. They don't exist. It takes too long to charge. You can't just pull over and charge. It takes hours. And also, there are so many other industries that pollute so heavily. Why aren't they the subject of so much sort of pernicious legislation? Right. I mean, you talk, we talk about shipping. Right. if you start to look into to cargo ships Yeah. What they emit is extraordinary.


Extraordinary. Absolutely extraordinary. Well, do You know that they, the, I believe it was the un passed some sort of regulations on cargo ships and because of these regulations to make them more pollute less, the, the side effect, the unintended consequences were the ocean got warmer. The surface of the ocean where it was measured got warmer because there's no longer a pollution layer over the ocean where these things are traveling. Which is so crazy. So I know. Do You know that there's more green on earth today than There was in the last 100 years?


No, I didn't know that. It's Because of the carbon dioxide. Because trees eat carbon dioxide and I. I have to say I'm, I'm completely torn on it all. 'cause I, some, some days, but you don't have so many diesel vehicles here. But some days I, I drive around in, in, in the UK and I see a diesel throwing some shit out the back of it. And I'm like, that's not good. If I can see it, I don't like it. We have a lot of diesel trucks here. Yeah. and I don't like it. You Hit the gas on the highway and you see black smoke And I and I do want, I want things to be different over time. and I can see that, that that, that that's the way that we might be heading. But I hate, I hate the fact that the timeline is determined by politicians rather than scientists.


Exactly. and I and even the scientists are all bought and paid for. That's part of the problem too. Yeah. Scientists aren't just scientists, they're scientists that are influenced by the university they're in, influenced by whatever research group they're a part of. There. There's a lot of shenanigans going on. And the internal combustion engine has ironically reached a point where it's really quite efficient. you know? Yes. It's quite a clever thing. if you were to invite an alien down in that vehicle there and try and show off what we're capable of, you might show them a rap Dara and go, we did that. Yeah. We're quite clever. You Know. But I think they'd be like, you're not using gravity. Why don't you guys just go use gravity. Manipul it be like gravity. This is so stupid. I have a Tesla, I have a Model S plaid and it's fantastic.


Yeah, it is so fast. It's like a time machine. Has it got the not real steering wheel? Yes. I don't like that. Hmm. I don't like the yolk. I ordered a new one. I get it in October. No yolk regular wheel. Yeah. Wheels better. I like a wheel better. But I get it. There's some benefits to the yolk. It's like you get a clear view of the dash. You basically put your hands on there and he's moving towards like completely automated You know you can press do, do you press a button? It'll drive, drive you just based on The navigation. Where do you stand on that? I don't trust It. No. Nor do I, I mean it just doesn't feel right. The few times I've been in one of those things with the most advanced, they've all got levels now, haven't they? And I've let it drive me. I'm there thinking I'm hovering.


I don't like it. It's the exact same feeling that I got when Joe Biden was the president. Like, is this okay? Are we I I just, I have to say I don't And and in this city there are a lot of jaguars with sort of radar e things on them. Yes, yes. Yes. And and I presume they're driverless, are they? Yes, they're driverless. I, I don't know what they're called. Wavo. Waymo. Waymo. So I, I view those like, I do that sort of bloke in the corner of the bar that's just a bit shuffling. Gets up, does the one-legged walk comes back from Theh with a bit of pissed down his leg. I'm like, I'm giving you a wide birth mate. Well, There was a bunch of them.


And they got into a sort of a, a situation where they created a traffic jam. 'cause they all came into an intersection together and no one wanted to move. And There was a bunch of 'em because there's quite a few of them in the city. You'll see, I've seen, Seen several today. Yeah. So they caused a traffic jam. I I don't, I'm not, I mean, probably one day it's gonna be the way to do it. The way to get around. But I think you can't deny people the joy of driving. Just like you can't deny people their ability to ride horses. If someone wants to ride a horse, they should be able to ride a horse. People have a long history of enjoying horse riding. Okay. Let 'em ride horses.


And I have a 9 19 90, I guess it's a 93 RS America and it That's A rare car. Oh, I love it. It's so beautiful because that was the car made Power steering made. because you weren't allowed the real 94 Rs were you? Yes. They did a special one. Yes. Yeah. So this one I had as sent to Shark Works and they juiced it up to somewhere around 300 horsepower. Nothing crazy, but Oh my God. It's so tactile and it's alive and it just, well you, when I drive it, I just, I'm smiling and I have this big smile on my face. Like I'm on a fucking ride. I was gonna bring my Gunther works here today, but it's raining.


Have you got one of those? Yeah. Has it got a roof or not? Yeah, It's got a roof. I mean, so where do we stand on the rest of mod scene? Do we think it's gone too far or, or do we believe it's the way Forward? Well, I like the ones that look old but drive new. Yeah. Because they're less dangerous. That's The, that's the whole idea, isn't it really? Yeah. But I don't think there's anything dangerous in that nine nine th the 9 6 4. That's mine. That's beautiful. Four. It's All good That, how much power has that got? Four 60 and it's You know 2000 pounds. I've gotta, I've also gotta raise my hand here and say that I work for Singer, so I've gotta Be very careful. I love those too. Well I, I actually have a, a little contract with them. So I've got, I've actually professionally got to say I ignore that vehicle.


But, But actually I, I, I think I, I love the rest of mod thing. I think it, it might, we might be at peak resto mod. Yeah. 'cause so much of it going on. But it does, it segues into a point I wanted to make about the, the way we're traveling. One of the ways I find to appease myself if I do wake up some days and think I'm pretty wasteful individual or whatever it is, You know. Even I have moments where I think just have a look at yourself in the mirror. Just buy a used car. Then you don't, you're not having another one built. Right. There are so many great old cars out there. Right. I just go out and buy someone that's 10 years old. Go and look at a 10-year-old a MG. Right. What a machine. Yeah. And if you do, that's a vehicle that's already been built. Right. It's, it's, it's wastefulness has already been absorbed into this weird world we live in.


Yeah. Go and buy it. Yeah. It's there for you with its 500 horsepower. It's Ready, To go. Yeah. That's the the greenest thing you can do is to go and buy an old Ferrari. Right. You'll do no miles in it 'cause you'll never use it. 'cause it might work now. And again, it's the greenest thing you can do in your life is buy a used Ferrari or a Lamborghini. Right. It's just best thing. So, but no one seems to express it this way. And the other way is to rest ho mod is to You know buy something and make it, make the car that you wish new car makers built now. But they can't 'cause they've all been drawn into this need. Right. To, to spend mon billions on, on these electric SUVs. There's the other thing that's ironic. They're all SUVs.


So you're telling me we've gotta have these efficient new EVs, but we're gonna make them three tons. Shouldn't they be that big? Not only that, there's a problem with guardrails. Jesus. They're too heavy. Yeah. They go right through the guardrails like butter. I saw that. I I saw that on Instagram too. Yeah. It just goes straight through it. Right through. Yeah. They're twice as way, They twice the weight. I I do think that, that people love cars. Just look to old stuff. Yeah. There's so much of it out there. Yeah. And there's so, and they're so good. I have a 2005 M three. It's an E 46 Peak car. Peak Car. It's such a great car. I know. It's not too powerful, but it's so delightful. Like as you, it doesn't have a radio. It's got cloth seats.


I've cloth Cloth seats. That is Rare. Yeah. Yeah. Cloth seats. I Just bought the V 10. So you had the E 60 V 10, M five over here. Crazy machine. Yes. We had the touring in the uk they built a touring, which is a, a state car or so a station wagon. and I've got one of those that I bought earlier in the year. And I'm just, do You know what I've, I paid 27,000 pounds for it. I probably spent more than that on it already doing, just making it right. But actually the journey of, of just reconditioning and renewing something like that to use for the next five years, I find more interesting than most new performance cars now. Yeah. Is that, is that a sad statement or not? No, No. Because there's something about like seeing the improvement on a vehicle.


Like getting a vehicle and going, yeah. You know these suspension is okay, but these shocks are like, I could adjust this and maybe this and maybe I can get a little wider wheel in this. And Hmm. Can I, do you remind me so much of one of my favorite colleagues, Mr. Leblanc, 'cause Matt is a much bigger car guy than anyone realizes. And that's, He actually grew up in the same town. Did you? Yeah. I had friends that knew him and, but I never met him. I've still never met him. He's A, he's a wonderful man and he's brilliant car guy. He he would, he would agree with you. He's, he's like that. He can never quite leave something alone. Yeah. In fact, I and he and with motorcycles as well. Motorcycles. He had a bizarre, working with him was wonderful by the way. I I loved him to bits.


I'd like to make another TV show with him. I I got one of these gangs that steals motorcycles in the uk Got me. Really? So I was, I was doing a voiceover in the center of London. I've probably told, I might have written this story. I told it or not. and I had a new Ducati I'd bought. I, I like bikes. I'm not very good on them, but I like bikes. and I was trying to get better and Matt's a very good rider. and I had this Ducati Pali anniversary with all the, it's the kinda shit you buy when you've just got a TV job, You know, and you think you're the dog's bollocks. And looking back, it's fucking embarrassing. So I've parked it up in Soho in right in the central of London by the, where the voiceover studio was and I, I was, I was a bit early, so I was milling about wearing my leathers still.


and I saw this bike moving past me and I thought, that's a nice bike. Oh shit, that's my bike. and I saw these guy, these these guys all in black with stuff sort of tinted visors, black everything. What they do is they, they basically angle grind off the, the steering lock the male part that goes into the headstock. They angle, grind that off, break the steering, and then they have a moped behind or something quite powerful with a leg out and another guy and push your bike away in neutral. And they get it around the corner into a van and away it goes. Wow. And they did it right in front of me and I. So I walked up and I was like, this is my bike. I'm not a You know, I'm small. Not a very big guy, but I'm You know I don't present any kind of a threat.


And There was three of them. and I challenged them and I said, this is not on You know. and I started swearing and one of 'em had a hammer, claw hammer. And we had a tussle and the bike fell over. And as the bike fell over, I'm like, well that's wrecked that then, hasn't it? Because I could just see the faring squashed. And then the guy tried to hit me with the hammer and I was like, I remember screaming you, you're trying to steal my bike and now you're trying to hit me with the hammer. And then they'd be like, whoa. And then they left. and I was really shocked. I'd never had anything like that happen to me. So I picked the bike up and I walked it down to the voiceover studio and I rolled it up and I walked in and Matt was there. It's a long story. And I said, well, he went, how are you?


I said, well, someone's just tried to steal my bike. And they tried to hit me with a hammer. And he came outside and he looked at the bike. He's got the most lovely deadpan voice. And he goes, you wanna get those dati performance levers. Those are too long. He was trying to mod, I didn't even care. He almost got killed by a hammer because he is like You, he's like, obviously You know tough. He's he's a big boy. And he's like, he's, he's like, he's fine. But those levers are too long. They don't suit that bike. It's like, oh, those levers are too long. Yeah. I I think this the mob thing is, is really important to me. I love it. Yeah. I can't, I cannot leave stuff alone. I, yeah, I, I enjoy messing around with stuff too.


It's, it's, it's, it's part of the fun of the older cars. You know, particularly like car, like I have a, a Nissan GTR and that is 35. Yeah. That Is the ultimate mod car because they've been around for so long in exactly the same form and there's such an aftermarket and everybody just goes crazy. Find me a standard one that don't exist. Yeah. It's very hard to find the Stock. R 35. Yeah. The unicorn. Yeah. Very hard to find. How much power does yours have? Well, I got a nmo, I got last year's model, the nmo. So I got it new. It was still laying around and, but I got it because I know you can fuck around with 'em. So I'm, I'm never gonna get rid of it. I'm gonna keep it forever and I'm gonna juice it up to probably a thousand horsepower, something stupid.


And If they make another one, it'll have to be a hybrid. It'll have to be. Yeah. Yeah. It'll never be the same. There. There's, there's, I mean they're about to do that to Porsches probably. They're about to do that. They're already doing that with the M five. Right. The new M five is a hybrid. I've driven that. The new one. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not sure whether I can say I've driven it or not Say it. I'll probably get, well I think I signed a piece of paper saying I'd get sued for 60,000 euros if I said anything. It's, yeah. There's a point in this, in this process where you have to acknowledge that the, the main criticism of hybridity in cars is mass is weight. Right. So everyone says it's too heavy. But for me, mass is just a number Unless you can feel it.


Okay. Right. It's really important. You can't just criticize something 'cause it's heavy. Right. You can't because actually it might, it might affect the way the car drives, but you have to drive it to tell that first. That's where I have a job. So that's, and I, I won't talk about the M five 'cause I think I might get sued, but, but I can tell you now, the B BMW M two is, is a, a small performance car that came out 1750 kilograms. My friend Tom Segura had one of those that he sent off to get juiced up. Yeah. I forget A dine-in did it? Or I forget who Did it. Well the new one came out and it was 300 kilograms heavier than the last one. And the whole, the internet had a massive collective baby and went, oh, it's fucking ruined. I ran one for six months.


It was better than the last M two. Of course it was really? Yes. Because someone German with a massive forehead and a white coat made it that way. 'cause these are really clever people. Right. And and actually mass only matters if you can feel it. Right. So if you drive a car and you can feel it's too heavy, fine, I'm with you. And that's, and that's the clue as to what I think about the new M five mm. Judge it, get in it and judge it before you, before you actually or drive it. Before you Judge it. And that's what it looks like. God, it looks good. It's a 700 and something horsepower sedan with A BMW badge. Look. Seven 27,000. When is that coming out? The launch is at the end of this year. Mm.


It is. It's a beast. I could only imagine. I had an M five. I miss it. It was Every 10 or the V eight one. It was V eight E 39. Yeah, I had it in what year was it? 2015 or something. What was that? Which, which one would that be? That would've been the V 10. It wasn't a V 10, was it not? It was the one after the V 10. Oh, that would be the F 10. Yeah. The F 10 M. Yeah. I'm a real nerd. I loved it. I loved, it's a good car. It was great. And actually it, an mcar should be And your E 46 is the, is the definition of this an mcar should be a a car that the non-car nerd can't spot it from the normal one. Right. But the car nerd can spot it just for the camber A.


little bit of ride height, A, little bit of shoulder. You can see an mcar. You and I can see an mcar. Yeah. From a mild Little hips. But a Civilian cannot see. Right. An M car from the Mile way especially need 46. 'cause it's such a plain looking car. That's a gorgeous Car. We actually had someone reach out to Jamie. That's how I bought it. 'cause We were talking about how great they're, I was like, I'd love to find a low mile one. And this one is super low miles. I forget what it is, but it's really low miles. Mtech cloth is rare. Yeah. I look at the cars I missed out on There was a white manual Mtech on 18 inch wheels. E 46, M three and I. Why I didn't buy it? I don't know. But then I suppose I could say that about a thousand cars that I wish I'd bought or I hadn't or I hadn't sold. I wish you never sold that green Porsche.


Do You know what that I know who owns it. Yeah. It It appears in the UK now and again and I See it. It was a cool thing. And, but I had to realize early on that I couldn't afford to keep all These things. The dad thing was a masterpiece. It was lovely. But but look where that was done by Tuttle. Yeah. Right. And look where they are now. Right. They just come back from Pebble Beach with this GT one amazing looking thing, which you might have seen. You Googled GT one tu Well, Doesn't, doesn't he have a car that goes to 10,011, 11,000 RPMs? That's so nuts. Yeah. It's a, it's a lovely thing that he developed with a friend of ours called Philip Kori, who obviously runs the quail. And it's a K so K has, it's a very good name, isn't it? It's a nine 11 k developed by a guy called Kaori, K for Kaori.


And it revs for 11,000 rev. 11,000 Rrp. M nine 11 K. It's my favorite car name ever. I've driven it. There's a video on online of that in this gold thing. How Is it, You need to sit down after driving it. 'cause it's just, it's just so visceral. You're, it's one of the few cars that you're aware of just how fast that crank is spinning and you have to keep it revving and it just keeps going. And your eye says it's gone to eight, you've gotta stop now. I'm gonna have bits of metal coming out the side of the engine, but it, it never does. Wow. And it's so light. Everything's carbon. So it's, it's about 900 kilograms. Wow. Yeah. You'd love that. That's really, that's very basic intravenous performance. That is How light did you get your green card down to? Is that it?


What is that? That's so that's what they've just done. That's GT one. Soill did the GT one. He's just launched that at Pebble Beach. Wow. Look At that. That looks, I hate the wheels, but God Looks, but again, I gotta be careful. I work for Singer. I love singer. I Love singer Too. Singer amazing. But that's my friend. Richard's just done that. Can you get me a picture of a singer? Why are the wheels so gross? Those are gross. 'cause they're supposed to look like eighties wheels from Lamont. Yeah. Let that go. Yeah. I think you might be right, But a hundred percent right are disgusting. The, the nine 11 K is a, is an amazing thing. And maybe if I was Porsche or another car maker, I'd be starting to cry foul. Because what's happened is the Resto mod thing is actually a movement that reminds car makers that they're not being given or being offered a fair crack at the whip now because they, because you can come along, you and I could establish the Monkey and Joe car company tomorrow.


Right. And we could find a car, we could say, right, we're gonna make an E 46 M three, we're gonna get, we're gonna buy a hundred good E 46 M threes and we're gonna turn them into the Joe and Monkey M three and we're gonna sell them for $300,000. They're gonna have a nice new interior. They're not gonna stray too far from the original philosophy of the car. Everyone's gonna love them. And we wouldn't have to meet any kind of crash legislation. Smog would be according to the vehicle age in, in Europe there's even less to do. It comes under very low volume approval. You don't have to do anything. Mm. We don't have to meet any emissions regs really. In Europe, you can do what you want. But if you're a car, if you're called, if you're called BMW, you cannot make that car. Right. And I'm not sure that's fair.


Right. Like what rough does. Yeah. So They don't even, that's not even really a Porsche. Well it has its own chassis plate. It's, it's a really gray area. But I think it's unfair on the car companies in many ways because they can't go out and do that. Right. They can't make a rest. Ahmad, they can't, Porsche could not make a singer what They could. But they have to establish sell. They'd have to establish a NewCo or they'd have to buy a company. But could Porsche make Resto mods of their vehicles? I think they potentially could, but they'd be terrified. I suspect of the potential litigation. Right. You know. 'cause if one of them went into a wall Right.


You know you're suddenly, you get to sue Porsche. Right. Also, especially if you're selling something like one of those old widow makers where, and people don't understand that if, I mean I have a 2007 GT three R RSS and it's still like around corners. You let off off the gas, it'll whip around on you. Yeah. The new ones don't really do that that much. The new ones are much better. They've Got, well they've got this rear steer on them, which definitely helps. But they'll still rotate. Yeah. Just a engine out the back. But you add that to an old like design, it's, It's, it's less prominent now. 'cause tire technology's moved on so much.


Right. Remember the first time I got to drive a lot of these things, I didn't quite understand the widow maker tag because They had new tires. They had These new tires. Yeah. Tires are everything. Yeah. I'll tell you what a top gear story is fairly interesting. My colleague who called Patty McGinnis, who's one of the co-hosts who's, who's claim to fame for me in America is he had to be subtitled in America for top gear because his accent is so broad from the north of England. He had subtitles. It's like watching Peaky Blinders. Yeah, No, it's worse than that. Anyhow, he, he, he crashed a Lamborghini when We were filming and it, it was all over the press in the uk. Oh. It helped. It was red, like proper dog knb red Lamborghini goes off the road anyhow, at the end of it, all the car's on a low loader and I look at the tires.


They're 20 years old. Oh God. Yeah. Well That's the, it had been borrowed for the job. You know you old tire technology matched with age as well. He's terrible. That's the story with the guy from Fast and Furious. What's his name? Paul Walker. Paul Walker. Paul Walker. That's the story with him. They had old tires on that car. Well, Pad gets so pad gets eviscerated in the press 'cause he can't drive and everything else I Could have been in that car. I'd have crashed it. Mm. I can drive a bit. Anyone you, you, you cannot. And that's that. if you get in these old cars with old tires on them, yes. They have nothing. Yeah, absolutely nothing. It's incredible how much the technology has come along in that regard. I'd say Michelin at its best is You know.


It's, some of it's like witchcraft. if you, if you go, if you get in a new Porsche GT three Rs now the tire they've developed for that probably has four compounds across it. You know. So the, the high wear stuff where it needs the grip, they're so clever. They, they really are the performance they add to the vehicle. No one knows how come No one can figure out how to make a tire without air. So It's a really, really interesting point. They must have done it must for me it comes under the same heading as someone must have made a light bulb that you never need the Replacer. But why would they make it? Well the tire without air thing for safety purposes.


There's a lot of reasons why you would want a tire that, I mean I know they did bake them. They do have them. There's this tire that looks like a, looks like a sort of spring You know that added that shoe that has the sort of lattice. Yes. Yeah. You can see through it looks a bit like that through Yeah, I have seen those. But I, I suppose you're still dealing with a, at that point it's a sprung mass which would interfere with suspension. I have an answer for you. You think that's what it is? It's like it's heavier. I dunno. I would because There's no air in it. That makes sense because you wouldd have so much more rubber. But that, I think they tried to mitigate that by having it clear. So you see through it, you know, There Was some shots of one recently. I have to assume the only reason you would, there's only two reasons you wouldn't make it. One, it doesn't work.


Two, it it gets in the way of your ability to make money. Right. Normally the latter. Yeah. I don't know. It's probably a performance issue too. Yeah. because you, by manipulating the tire pressure, you can get it just right. Whereas you're not gonna be able to manipulate anything once the compound is. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Tires are a, the, the more you get into cars, tires are a fascinating subject. Mm. That's that's a good opener when you meet a, some of the opposite sex. But, but I, I has never worked for me. But, but actually they are 'cause they're the only contact you have with, with the, with the ground. So it stands to reason they're the most important part of the performance package. Yeah. F1 commentators and I'm, I'm actually probably slightly less so in the us but in Formula One, the commentators spend most of the time talking about tires.


Mm. Because it's what it's the main factor. But they're not sexy. Tires are not sexy by definition. Right. So You know car makers will tell you, I've got, we've got a new damper system that's got eight settings and we've got this and this and this. They can't tell you that they've spent five years developing a tire. Right. That's revolutionary. Nobody cares. 'cause it just looks like a tire. Yeah. It just looks, Just looks terrible. You like Whatcha are showing me. And when they come the Replacer, that tire, they'll just, just gimme the cheap one. I don't, I don't wanna spend that money on that one. Right, right, right. So your experience at top gear. Yeah. That's interesting. So I've, I've never really spoken about it 'cause I'm, I keep my mouth shut.


I like to remain dignified. It's been, it's quite a journey. It's come to an end now I really feel it's a full stop. The show has been put on hold in the UK indefinitely. Is the, is the terminology from the BBC. That means it's an end. But strangely it exists in other formats around the world. So there's, there's, there's been an American one, there's one in Finland, there's one in Australia, there's one in France. So the, so the the, the license and the brand exists elsewhere, but not at its home in the uk. And it came to an end for me one day in December, 2022 in a way that I'd like to say I hadn't expected. But, but I had and I think that's the bit that I've found very difficult to deal with over the last couple of years.


Fundamentally, I'm quite happy go lucky person. I'm very privileged with the life I've had. and I love the fact that I earn a living doing what I love. You must have the same thing to wake up. Sure. What a joy. I don't push a desk. I get to, I get to wreck other people's tires. And and also my subject is the one that is surrounded by joy. No one wants to hear. The last person you wanna hear from is the miserable car road tester. Right. He can fuck off. Yeah. Dead fuck off. You know he can and I don't wanna be that guy. I hate those guys. Yeah. But actually I, this I would be lying if I said I've, you know, I'm feel good today. I've, I've had a good few months, but the last 18 months I have been bad 'cause I just didn't, I didn't know what to do.


'cause 'cause I'd like to sit here and say I never saw it coming. But I did. So what happened, The, the accident that, that my friend Andrew had known as Fred. I won't go into too much 'cause it's, it's sort of out there. What happened? He rolled a Morgan three wheeler. He wasn't wearing a crash helmet. And if you do that at, even at 25, 30 miles an hour, the injuries that used to sustain are profound. I was there on the day, I was the only presenter with Fred that day. I wasn't actually right by him, but I was close by. I remember the radio message that I heard. I always used to have a radio in my little room at the test track where I was sitting inside so I could hear what was going on.


and I heard someone say this, there's been a real accident here. The car's upside down. So I ran to the window, looked out, and he wasn't moving. So I thought he was, I thought he was dead. I assumed he was. Then he moved. I can tell you now that he, if it, unless he's a physical specimen, Fred, he's a big guy. Six foot five, six foot six strong. And any, if he wasn't so strong, he wouldn't have survived. He's a, he's a great advert for physical strength and conditioning. 'cause if, if you hadn't been that strong, he'd just snapped his neck, he'd be dead. So I can't believe he's, I couldn't believe he survived. And that sort of, that, that moment of realization that he survives has kind of defined my thoughts on the subject since.


'cause I believe that anything after that is a bit of a bonus. You know he should be dead really. And the fact that he survived it is remarkable. And it's given him and his family a a chance to move on under very difficult circumstances. So that day was very difficult. Made even more difficult by the fact that the buildup to that particular shoot, I knew that We were at the last minute. I knew We were using a Morgan three wheeler. It's a very, it's a difficult car. You know, it's by just the name tells you it's physics is complicated. It doesn't mean it's inherently dangerous. You just drive it according to what it is. It has to be aware of its limitations. and I think that that really was difficult.


There were, and you need experience. There were two people that had driven a more than three wheeler before present that day. Me and someone else, a pro driver and We were sitting inside at that time, no one had asked us anything about the car. They'd just gone on and shot it without us. and I think, if I'm looking in the mirror, I find it very difficult even now that Andrew, who I, who I loved a bit, a lovely man. He, he was a pro cricket player. He wasn't a automotive guy. And he, but he was a real enthusiast. He was great. Much like you, he'd love cars. And he, he would always come up to me before a shoot and say, tell me how it is.


You know I've, I've, I've got all the advice. Give me the last bit of advice on what you shouldn do what you shouldn expect. And that was the first, because of the call times that day, that was the first time we'd never had the chance to talk about how he might approach a difficult vehicle. And that was the one day that it went wrong. I find that very difficult to live with. and I feel partly responsible because I didn't get the chance to talk to him. But, but my situation is nothing compared to his. Anyhow. The bit that I find really difficult is that in the aftermath of that accident, the show was put on hold. Andrew had to recover from frankly awful injuries and has done so.


But profound injuries, we all kept quiet. We said nothing. and I I said nothing because I wanted to look after him. It wasn't my story was it, I was, I was caught up in the collateral damage. I lost my job immediately 'cause they canceled the show and my contract was up so suddenly I haven't got a job. But again, you look in the mirror and think I'm alive. I've got three beautiful children. I'm not in Fred's position. Andrew and Fred are the same person. Sorry, that's his nickname. and I just sort of got my head down. But I had seen this coming. There was a big, There was a big inquiry, a lot of soul searching. The BBC's good at that.


But what was never spoken about was that three months before the accident, I'd gone to the BBC and said, unless you change something, someone's gonna die on this show. So I went to them, I went to the BBC and I told 'em of my concerns from what I'd seen as someone as the most experienced driver on the show by a mile. I said, if we carry on at the very least, we're gonna have a serious injury. At the very worst, we're gonna have a fatality. Let's explain to people that aren't aware of what Top Gear is and how Top Gear works, because I know there's a lot of Americans Yeah. That had never watched the show. You guys do a lot of really crazy stunts with automobiles. Not necessarily just cars, but big trucks and all, all kinds of crazy things.


And some of them are quite ridiculous. Yeah, It There was a bit of a arms race, but between us and maybe the other big car show, the Grand Tour at the time to go Ever more stupid. And we did some, we did do some big stunts and a lot of the time And the Grand Tour is the original cast. It's the original cast of Top Gear Show. Jeremy Kof and Richard May In their Amazon show. Yeah. Which had, they've just ended Great show. So, and and also I'm James May, Sorry. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm not of the health and safety world. I'm not risk averse. I love a bit of risk. and I also absolutely believe that if you enter into a show like Top Gear, you know what you're taking on. you know? Right, right. I I believe that that you, that there is no such thing as great risk free television like that.


It's, you just gotta You know. I just turn up and I assess what I see and I do what I'm comfortable with and, and I wanna make great television. That's it. And if I, if sometimes it got a bit sketchy, so be it. We've all done that. Right. You know, that's, that's the way the world lives. and I think what happened with Top Gear was I saw repeatedly too many times my two co-hosts who didn't have the experience I had in cars. This is the critical thing. I'm qualified to make those decisions 'cause I've done it a long time. They weren't, they, one of them is a active comedian, the other guy is a pro cricket player. Brilliant entertainers. They were great hosts, but their roles were to make people laugh. And my role was to tell people what cars were like.


And all too often towards, towards the, in the last year, I saw situations where it got too dangerous. And it culminated actually in us being in Thailand. Myself and Patty were in Thailand and we went, we did a go-kart race down a hill in just compacted mud on wooden go-karts with no engines. and I just looked at 'em and I said, this is just this. So it is not a question of whether we get injured, it's how injured we get. So just have an ambulance at the bottom 'cause something's gonna go wrong. Sure enough, I broke something in my hand, broke a finger or what have you. and I just thought, which sounds ridiculous from your background. 'cause you, you're You know, you're all super tough guys. But it Hurt. No, I don't wanna break my fingers. I I, I didn't, I and I also, it was a shit piece of television. So I I I always said, I don't mind breaking my hand if we get a BAFTA for it.


Right. But, or an award. But this was just the shit skit. Right. and I ended up damaged and it went on too much. So anyhow, I went to the BBC and I said, I wanna have a meeting with the head of health and safety 'cause this is not good. And what, what's what's really killed me is that no one's ever really acknowledged the fact that I called it before and I, it's very difficult to live with that initially for me, when I knew I thought I'd done the right thing, I'm not very good at that. I normally just go with the flow. But I saw this coming. I thought I did the right thing. I went to the BBC and I found out really that no one had taken me very seriously. You know, I did a bit of digging afterwards.


The conversation I had with those people was sort of acknowledged. Then they tried to sort of shut me down a bit and then they didn't look after me at all. They just sort of left me to rot and I. Even now I'm totally perplexed by the whole thing. It's, I I to to, to actually say to an organization, this is gonna go wrong and then be there the day that it goes wrong is a, is a position I never expected to be in and I never want to be in again. It's, it's strange and, and pretty heartbreaking in many ways. I love that show. So Did the conversation between you and the network completely stop after the accident? They just sort of left me to, to sweat really.


I just didn't really, I just sat in my, where I live and drank whiskey. I I didn't have much contact with them at all. Everything went quiet. They had two inquiries into the accident commissioned, neither of which I had access to. I, I pushed very hard to have access to the second one and saw some of it. and I had this, this is one of the most bizarre interactions I've had. I sat down with someone from the BBC who, who, who was gonna talk me through bits of the second inquiry into the accident. And I'd already been told that I no longer had a job. So I'd been told that Top Gear was done. And at the beginning of it, he said to me, I won't name him, he said, I wanna thank you so much for taking part in this 'cause it's really gonna help us as an organization going forwards.


I said, well it doesn't really help me. I've lost my job. and I, I'm always reminded of that old adage from a very brilliant BBC comedy show, which was never commission an inquiry that you dunno the outcome of in the first place. So I don't, the whole thing, the whole situation was ridiculous. And I've never told anyone that You know, I think and I wanna tell people that I did. 'cause I, a bit of me thought as the experienced driver do members of the public think that I didn't do enough to protect Andrew. But I, and and Patty as well, they both had, they both experienced other incidents on that show that I think were unacceptable.


And, and that's coming as someone who loves a bit of risk. you know, if, if you and I went outside now and there were two quad bikes, I'd happily roll it for a laugh with you. I'm that guy. And even me as that guy thought it had gone too far. Which I think is important to say. Right. Well there's, the problem with those shows is they always want to keep pushing the limit. And it's generally the producers who don't quite understand the limitations of the vehicles And not Yes. They don't have the experience of, of what it's like to actually be in control of that vehicle or what is possible. Right. Right. So all, all too often it's, can you just do that? Right. And, and then you wanna be a crowd pleaser. You know you, you wanna be the guy that can do it. We had that on Fear Factor. Yeah. When I was hosting Fear Factor, There was a, a couple of times where I was like, what the fuck are we doing?


Especially the Second Sea, like Fear Factor started in 2001 and went to 2007 and then we came back again in 2011 and we only did six episodes and they tried to make it just really ramped up. And when it was canceled, it was actually canceled because people had a drink. Donkey sperm. Yeah. Which was pretty minor. And consider, I mean, it's disgusting, but it wasn't anything that was gonna risk anyone's lives. But I was really feeling like if this keeps going, the stunts are so spectacular and so big. We're launching cars through moving trains. There was a moving train and then the train had all these like cardboard boxes in it. We launched a car off a ramp like sideways, and it goes through the train.


You have to time it just Right. So you don't hit the car into one of the, the big metal, it's someone In the car Yeah. Driving it. Yeah. Oh. yeah. I, I, my, my experience of that now is that if you establish really big stunts that have big vision and are ambitious, they tend to come with them a level of rigor. That means they are executed well. The difficult area is the kind of just being at a test track with a smaller crew and someone says, give that a go. That's when it goes wrong. Mm. Because no one's really thought about it. They're saying, wow, we've done that. We've done the risk assessment. But just give that a go while you're here. Yeah.


I think that goes wrong. And also, my, my experience, and this is where I'm, I, everyone that's shot with me will, will be, been reminded of this now and again, close a play end of the day. That's when it goes wrong. If you're a test track, it's just You know the light's coming down, there's 10 minutes to go, and the director says, just do that. I go, no. 'cause everyone's tired. Someone's gonna have ignored the lockdown on the circuit. There'll be someone coming, driving the other way with the coffee cups over the, or it's the end of the day, right. I if it's six o'clock, five 30, I'm gone. Right. I'm like, I'm not, 'cause I'm work shy. I'll stay around and pick stuff up. Right. But don't the end of the day, when you start rushing and I, think There was an element of that day at Dunsfold.


That was a shoot that was rushed For me. That was, and I, I know that that was a, we need to use this day. Shoot. That's another one. That's another red flag for me. We've got a day at a track. We need to fill it. Well, that's, you've reversed engineered that You know, right. Your, your priorities are already to fill something up and I, look back some of the stuff that we did on top of your, I look back, that was dangerous, visually dangerous and, and definitely was in, in practical terms, I'm very proud of. 'cause we executed it well. Like Andrew, Fred Flintoff went off a dam in a, in a metro and did a car. Bungee was extra extraordinary piece of footage. You could see it, it was just amazing film, but it was rigorous.


It was done properly. That has amazing stunt crew that did it. I mean, I couldn't have done it. It was, it was brave and it was a, a really memorable piece of television that this Is it. Oh, What a legend. Oh. And he's got me in his ear. He sat like that for 45 minutes. Look how far down that thing goes. Oh God. And I think I'm very proud of what the team did there. And Andrew was magnificent. Dude, fuck that. Can you imagine? Fuck. Look how far down that is that because if it goes wrong, you're dead. Yeah. And he's got that chirpy little shit in his ear as well. I, I think, and There was, there's other stuff that we did that I can't understand what We were doing. So we also did, and I, you won't find this, I think they've removed it from YouTube, But there's a, oh my God, how about That?


That's so insane. How about that? Look at when it goes, it goes over itself like that. Oh my God, that is so ridiculous. And then the yank. Oh, But that, do You know, I, when I said to you earlier, I, I bit of me regrets doing it. I look at that and I think what a, what a thing to have been part of. It's, it's ridiculous. Yeah. And I'm, I'm proud of that stuff. One thing we did do, which again on reflection was just madness. We, there's these, there are these guys that go to motorcycle meets and shows in the UK that have these titanium skid plates on their boots and they hold onto the back of the bike.


You might have seen them and they go really fast and the sparks go out the back And they would be, we decided we'd be good idea if we did this. So each of us had a vehicle We were using, or You know you were the person that was pushing that vehicle. You're an advocate for that car in the film. and I. Think I had the new Land Rover defender. You've seen those. I had a short wheel base defender and I had to hang off the back of it wearing these. We had to wear these shoes. The big problem with some of these ones is Andrew was so brave. He would go first and set such a high benchmark. You'd have to go, shit, I need to really go here. So he went out and did like, I thought he'd do 40 miles an hour. I think he did 75 miles hour hang on the back wearing these titanium shoes.


Anyhow, Paddy gets in and tries to go really fast and he falls off and he's okay. But he's, he could, someone goes, Paddy's over. I looked left. The ambulance driver was having a cigarette at our end of the runway, and he was two miles down there. and I, that was the one of those moments where I thought, this has got a bit loose. You know. Yeah. If you're gonna do these things, that guy should have been running parallel. 'cause those and I didn't like that. Right. Although About two minutes of two miles. It's a long time. I know. Although the end of that was quite, I can give you some levity there. I did my run, I got, I didn't get quite as close as I, I think I did nearly 80 miles an hour or something. and I and I fell off at the end and it hurt a bit. and I got in the back of the crew car, which I think was another Land Rover.


and I was sitting there thinking, this smells terrible. Have I done something wrong here? A really accurate smell. Not from the colon, but definitely. I thought this is not a good smell. Like a chemical smell. Yeah. and I. And then I was told to get out. What had happened was the shoes were red hot and I'd got in the car and they just melted, melted The straight through the mat, Straight through the carpet. And it was just smoldering on fire. I looked like a shit Marvel superhero. Yeah. I think I, I'm, I'm Very happy and proud to have done Top Gear, but I I'm so sad at the way it ended. Yeah. You know And no one, that's the ultimate, no one had control of that that day. That's what the insurance industry calls an act of God, whether you believe in him or not.


But what happened afterwards was really sad because I've, I've arrived here. You've got your crew You know you've got your people. They were my people. And from that day, I've never really spoken to them. Oh, the producers, everyone else, no one really, it just, it just went like that bang done. And that was, that was very hard because I just couldn't believe it happened. Yeah. So like, whereas they're just gone and you spend five, six years of your life more in daily contact with people and they just stops. I was always torn on those type of moments on Top Gear because I just wanted to watch car reviews. I wanted to watch people have fun with cars. But then for the casual people, you have to do something stupid.


Like bungee jump off with a car off the side of a dam. It's like, I don't, I'm not interested. Maybe it's 'cause I hosted Fear Factor for so long. I've seen so many things like that. They're not interesting to me. I want, I want to hear a car enthusiast rave about the fun they're having while they're driving an automobile. Maybe you should Produce a car show. I've got an idea. I'll pitch it to you afterwards. But, but you are quite right. There's plenty of market for that. There Is. And and actually this is the country for it. Yeah. You know. Maybe in Europe it's less. But I know that when we did geeky car stuff, that was very, you know, for you and I the numbers did that. Yeah. And the moment you did something hyperbolic and ridiculous, the numbers did that.


But what about online? Online? Did they put Online is totally different. Yes. Right. So that's where it belongs. Like what, where I found about You was online. Yeah. You know and I. I don't remember what was the first video that I watched of you, but I do remember that Green Porsche. Yeah, I remember. That's when I was like, that's A long time ago. Oh My God. and I I met mate and that's where I started out. and I suspect I'll return there. You know. I've got plans to, to relaunch the YouTube channel in the next month or two. And there's, and there's content coming and, and I'm YouTube's a very different place to when I left it. Yeah. And it's pretty surprising. There's so much motoring content out there. It's almost saturated. It's very, very saturated. And there's so many different types of markets now too. Yeah. And the algorithm, I, the idea of being at the behest of an algorithm is terrifying.


if you, if you've just received You know check from a network for six years of your life, suddenly going, oh, I'll, I'll go in with the algorithm. That's quite scary. It is. But all you need is one thing to take off and then all of a sudden you're being suggested to millions and millions of people. Yeah. Which is interesting about the algorithm. And if you just look at one type of vehicle, then you're like, I really just got interested really recently in the Iios Grandier. Yeah. I was like, what a fascinating idea. Take the, I mean, what a limited market by the way, too. Well That actually ironic, ironically, is a, is the only example of a brand new Resto mod, isn't it really? Yes. Yes. Similar. I mean, it's essentially a new vehicle.


But if you, for the casual it looks like a, a defender. Yeah. It really does. But it kind of better kind of quite a bit better. Yeah. And You know really interesting BMW six cylinder supercharged engine. And so now when I open up YouTube, it's like, oh, Grenadier. It's all Indios. You just being pushed up. It's just constantly all these off-roading Australia dudes and all these different people like sending me these things. I, I think you're right. It does belong on YouTube. I mean, linear tele, I joined a TV show when linear television still survived. Well, You know, You know un understand destination television. Sure. It's gone now. It's gone. It's, it's, yeah. The world's changed completely. Top Gear still has a place in it. you know, many of my previous colleagues make a lot of online content for Top gid.


They do a great job. There's some really good films. But There was a, there's something quite romantic for me about the sit down squid onto the sofa with your, with your with as a family and watch eight o'clock Sunday night. It was a, it was a, it was a qua of religious experience really. But It was in a time where people didn't have smartphones. You're quite right that, that that's gone, that's that waiting for a very specific time to watch a program. No one is interested in that anymore. I know, it's, it's strange, isn't it? 'cause it's logical that they wouldn't, because no one has any patience 'cause of the immediacy of these things. Yes. But there's equally something quite lovely about what we used to do. Right. IIII can't really reconcile it. I I, I totally acknowledge the excitement of the new, but I'm slightly wistful for the past.


Is that fair enough? I see what you're saying. The only thing that still exists that you have to wait for is live sports. Yeah. So live sports, when you're watching a game, the game starts at 8:00 PM Yeah. You have to be there at 8:00 PM It's not gonna wait for you. There it is. And the Po the podcast is a, as a concept is amazing as well. I've gotta be a bit cheesy. I have got a podcast, which, which I don't, when is this gonna go out? Is this going out a day after we record this? Yeah. Pretty soon. Well, the day after that, my new podcast launches. I didn't realize that. So what's it called? It's a really, really interesting name. Chris Harris. Chris Harris on Cars. Chris Harris and Friends Car Podcast is what it's called. 'cause I just thought, well, he's perfect. Heinz tomato ketchup. Yeah. So that, and that really is a nerd product. So one of the things I did as by way of therapy was I did a car podcast in the immediate aftermath of this accident.


'cause I realized I wanted to have contact with this world. I think that the moment your life gets difficult, you regress to what is your comfort food? My comfort food is cars. Right. and I and I and I love cars. They make me happy. Well, I would Much prefer you without producers and network executives and all these different people telling you what to do. I like, I like what I like about podcasts. What I like about YouTube content from people like Matt Farrah is I know it's one human being. This is their perspective. This is what they enjoy. They really do love these vehicles and they talk about it without any influence of other human beings. So you're getting this singular viewpoint, which I think is the most attractive thing about it.


And, And, and what the thing you pointed out there, this idea of of having to alter things or add sort of ancillary comedy to them to then make them appeal to the masses. Yeah. Is, is what I found very difficult on top gear. 'cause I came there as the, I arrived as the rigorous car tester. You put me with some comedians, put me with whoever. I don't need to do that. They, they'll do the heavy lifting. They'll make people laugh. But if you want to know whether the new m two's any good or not, please give it to me and I'll tell you. Right. And the m two's a good example. When the first M two came out, I was given it to review for top gear and I just said, well, I'd love to just do a review of the car. We've got a test track. I'll slide it round and tell you what it's like, then move on. Someone else can make them laugh. But that wasn't enough.


And they had, they, they had a section of this where I, I had to, I was given this sort of piece of testing equipment called the Panter 3000 or something just made up. I had to put on these underpants, which were going to tell people, You know whether my sphincter was moving faster in this vehicle. You know, I dunno what it was, but it, I look back and I shouldn have just said fuck off. Yeah. But I, I don't do that. You know. It's just an embarrassing moment in my life. I, but that was exactly, it was, they had to org They felt the need to augment the test with something stupid to draw in the casual viewer. And that's where YouTube is brilliant. 'cause YouTube doesn't feel the need to that. Right. It can just to do that, it can just cater for us nerds.


Yes. You know, whatever you're into YouTube can, can deliver it without someone from a network messing with it. What's Really spectacular about YouTube is there's only one YouTube. Yeah. You think about how big the internet is. Ah, there Is in China though. Well, that's different. I'll tell you a one, a good story about that. Okay. About, I dunno, eight years ago or so, I was at the Geneva Motor Show, the biggest car event in, in my world. And this Chinese guy comes up to me and he's like, really, really grateful. I said, I'm so glad to meet you. I wanna say thank you. I went, why don't say thank you. He said, because you made such a difference to my life. I'm like, I'm not the second coming. I dunno what I've done to you. He goes, because, you know, I host all of your videos on a channel in China and they've made me like loads of money.


Iceman. Sorry. Yeah. So I did a bit of research. He has, he's made lots of, he just, he just took, he would just rip them all off YouTube and host them. Wow. But there's no regulation. Wow. So he's just telling you he ripped you off. But, but he Had but he thought he had no, it wasn't like he had no shame. He couldn't even see what he'd done wrong. Right, right. He was just like, Thanks. Well, China has Apple stores that aren't even Apple does it. Yes. China has full Apple stores where they're selling counterfeit laptops, phones, everything. None of it is really, I don't even know though they do phones anymore. But it was all, they had Apple stores that Apple found out about that weren't even, nothing was Apple.


It's, it's creating content in the last 10 years has become a really fascinating situation. Because I'm sure you felt the same when you started out. if you produce something, you own it by definition. Doesn't matter whether you are within a network or have you, the international property in your head is, that's mine. Right. And content producers over the last five years have had to accept the fact that that is no longer the proposition. People can do what they want. You cannot, you can't hunt them down. Right. And it, and it's shameless and I. I still get occasionally get engaged. I don't look at the Instagram message thing very often, but sometimes I'll just see someone saying, I I'm just gonna post this. Do you mind? And sometimes I'll go, well, yes I do.


I I I went out there at three in the morning. Right. I nearly crashed that car. I paid for those rear tires. Right. Why should you get the chance to monetize that for your channel? Exactly. What are You offering me? Right. Nothing. I Just find it really odd. It's very odd. Yeah. And it's also, they feel like they could just say a few things. You know like, Hey, look at Chris Harris doing this and that's enough. And, And also that's Enough of an alteration in Their professional world. Could you imagine if one of them was an accountant and I walked in and said, right, right. I've got my books. I'm, I can't add up. I'm really dis nuer and I'm an idiot. Just do those for free. Will you? 'cause just do them. Yeah. Well, no. He'll say I want some money for that. No, no, no. Just, just do them. Just, and also shut the fuck up and do them.


So what, How does that, no other world works like that. No. The the content world's very strange. It's very strange where people can use your stuff and, and do entire shows based entirely on your stuff. Oh. It's just extraordinary. Yeah. But the, It's interesting. And The Chinese example was the best for me though. I love that God comes Up the, they didn't, he had no shame about it. But he, But Actually, so he was doing nothing wrong. Culturally, they don't think there's anything wrong with that at all. I mean, do you remember, I mean, you have to take the Chinese car industry seriously now. But 15 years ago there used to be a sort of underground recess of, at the Detroit Motor Show where the Chinese car companies would be. And it was a, it was a sort of, it was a grim CCU of, of imitation.


So you'd go underneath and there'd be like their version of A BWX five, which was literally like someone had gone with a BWX five to, to draw one and done their own version of it. They would just shamelessly copy stuff because There was no, there were no IP laws over there. Culturally. They didn't acknowledge imitation. You just do what you want. I, I've, I reacted terribly at the time. I sort of understand now that if you don't get that from the, from the age of one, you can't learn it afterwards. Right. But they were shameless and I can remember being, again, at the Geneva Motor Show. You'd go to the, particularly the Japanese cars and you'd wanna sit in the back of a new one. You couldn't, 'cause there'd be Chinese engineers from car companies measuring them there.


Wow. It'd be like 20 minutes. They'd have these laser rules out going, just getting all the measurements of the interiors and of the engines and stuff. He'd go, can I look at that? No. They, they'd be there for 20 minutes shamelessly just copying, scanning the car. Wow. In broad daylight. It's amazing. They make incredible electric cars now though. Oh, they, they've, they've stolen a march on everyone. They Really have. China has made, they, they make some unbelievable cars. I've watched some of 'em reviewed online. You can't even get 'em in America. But I watched some of 'em reviewed online and they're just fucking fantastic. Yeah. Th they, they are, they've definitely had an advantage over Europe. I can't say for America. 'cause you have Tesla, which is You know, the only other global leader in that area.


But the European car industry has been caught napping. And, and it's a bit of a worry for someone like me that You know I'm very fond of a lot of the European brands. But they're struggling. They're struggling to respond to this. There are boats full of very impressive, very good value electric cars that have landed in Europe in the last six months. There's also a problem with European cars in that European cars are always known for having a great resale value. Yeah. Like, particularly like Lamborghini and Porsche and like Ferrari. You could actually make more money off of them in a few years than, but not electric ones. Nope. That's the problem. Like electric tie cans, You know those things are gorgeous.


That's an incredible vehicle. Good luck trying to sell that thing. Nobody I saw Lucid. Hes, which is a fantastic Car. Have you been in one of those? No, I Haven't. Wow. I've heard their heard. The Sapphire is magnificent. It's extraordinary. You can't, you you, you're gonna get like half the price of that thing. Yeah. In a year. Yeah. It's fucking nuts. I know the ty in Amer in, sorry, in the u uk early one 30,000 pounds. Unbelievable. Someone Paid one 20 for that three years ago. Crazy. And it's still really good. It is. It's a very, again, for particular people. Yes. Maybe the thing I, the point I didn't make earlier, I have to excuse myself for a bit jet lag for my confused thoughts sometimes is that the electric car has one unspoken fact about it.


It's for rich people. That's what I find quite difficult. Right. There's a meritocracy about the motorcar that I find appealing is that you, you can have a Bugatti Veron or Sheron or you could be some guy that lives in India that's got a little thing that costs a hundred quid or a hundred dollars. You are ultimately getting the same thing. You have the, you have the freedom to travel to choose where you're going. and I think in a, in a i I like you, I like to, I don't wanna be told what to do. and I think it's really important that that vehicle can take you where you want to go. But the electric vehicle is for rich people, isn't it? Yeah. You think about it, you, you show me the, the electric vehicle for, for normal people. Well, it's terrible for people that live in apartment complexes.


It doesn't exist unless you have some sort of a charging station where you park your car and everybody has one. So you could leave it charged overnight. It's rough. But look at the cost of Them. Yeah. You know it's very expensive. Terrible resale value. Yeah. I I I it's, it's a very flawed concept at the moment. But but as you say, the performance of them can be your, your plaid is a great example. It's a time machine. Yeah. It's a time machine. It really is. It merges in traffic silently. Like it goes faster than anything. It doesn't seem real. It's incredible. And I'm sent the new one that I'm getting, I'm sending to, or it's already sent to Unplugged performance. Are you aware of those guys?


So they tune them, do they? Yes. Because it needs to be faster, doesn't It, Jeff? No. Well, they, they changed the suspension. It, it's not any faster. Okay. They, they use the same powertrain, but they change the suspension. They widen the front and rear and they just, they upgrade the brakes. They make it much more just agile. I think the main thing it needs is some sort of jet washable pressure, washable floor. 'cause I think passengers will eventually shit kidneys out. They're so fast. Yeah. Well He's gonna come Up up that Roadster, which is gonna be insane. Which is basically vaporware. Now didn't people like pay full price for those things like five years ago? He, he's, he's fascinating.


I know he's been on your show. I, I, I, I dunno what to make of him. I I I just love the fact that he's he's the ultimate disruptor. Yes. He's come along. Yeah. He's just, he's seen an industry. He's gone That's ready for a shakeup. Yeah. And he is had and he's had a go and I I With multiple industries. Yeah. But, but that's what's crazy. But the But the one that's pertinent to me, I, I'm, the two questions I'm asked most are, you know, what do you think of the electric car revolution and its effect on, you know, the environment, but also what do you think about Mr. Musk? I always don't really have an opinion on him. I just love, I just let him do what he does. What I, what I do know is I'm always fascinated what he's gonna do next. Yeah. And that's, that's all you need to know.


And the, the, the stuff that he's produced 10 years ago, there were not many Teslas on the road in the uk Now they're everywhere. I don't know any other vertical That's ha that's witnessed penetration like that. you know, if I walk into a white good store, I'm not seeing fridges made by companies I didn't even heard of 10 years ago. But there's the second most expensive thing you'll ever buy as a civilian. And he's managed to have that level of penetration. Yeah. That, that will go down in the history books. Yeah. It's undeniable. Yeah. It's undeniable. And it's also, he's doing that with rockets. And he's also doing that with the internet. Right. He bought X or Twitter and turned it into X. And that's a massive disruptive too, Too. Do you do Twitter, do whatever it's called now? Yeah. Yeah. You So I, I left it 'cause I got so much abuse initially when I did Top Gear, that's when I got You.


know, you Get, you can't read comments. No, you can't. But then you, then you'd get drawn into conversations. Oh shit. I was, I and I actually leaving it was the best thing I ever did at that time. Mm. and I haven't gone back. 'cause I, I didn't really need it to, to promote anything. And it was, the toxicity was long before he bought it. For me, The toxicity is just an inherent quality of people being able to post anonymously. Yeah. You're never gonna get away from that. Yeah. But you just don't read it. That's the most important thing. Like, people are always gonna, if you're a public figure, people are always gonna have opinions of you. And there's a lot of shitty people out there and they're, they're most vocal and they're the most persistent. Let 'em talk. Do You think in 50 years time you won't be able to post or comment without your identity being revealed?


I hope that's not the case, but probably. Yeah. I I think they would like to do that in America. Yeah. you know, but I think it's important for whistleblowers, it's important for You know people that work in an organization. They wanna expose corruption, they wanna expose something, they wanna expose some illegal thing they're doing in regards to the environment. It's very important. Yeah. You, you, you have to have people, they wanna expose the government. It's very important to allow people to be anonymous when You are, when you're in a dark place as I was 18 months ago, you can feel that very pertinently There was a lot of very unkind things said about Andrew's accident and top gear afterwards. and I did want, I thought to myself, all those anonymous keyboard warriors, fuck you.


Right. I was, I was, and you know this. Yeah. I was almost at that state, which is the ultimate low, the kelvin of, of, of human behavior, which is I'll meet you in that car park so we can have a fight Oh. yeah. you know, you know how bad that is, Oh. yeah. Yeah. I Could do it as well as you, but when you step back from it Yeah. But I, I'm, I don't engage in any Of that stuff. No, you're Quite right. I never, I don't read negative things and I don't engage in it. It just, I, I'm not afraid of it. I just, I know what it is. and I don't like it. It, I don't think it's necessary. I don't think it's good for you. I don't think anybody gets any benefit out of it. I don't think the person gets benefit outta you calling them a cocksucker and I don't think you get any benefit outta calling them a cocksucker. I don't think it helps. and I just look at it.


I do what I call post and ghost. Yeah. I post things and I go away and I don't care what happens in the comments. And, and also I'm very aware of bots. I'm very aware because we've done a lot of research and research, we've done a lot of con we'd have a lot of conversations and done a lot of reading about the amount of con content that's on, especially Twitter that's not organic. And it's an extraordinary amount. It's, there's an FBI analyst that estimated it to be in the range of 80%. Yeah. 80% of all the accounts he thinks are bullshit. And they're used to promote specific narratives. They're used to argue and shame people. They're used to attack certain political figures and public figures.


And, and then that conversation becomes completely changed because there's a swarm of people that have a very specific narrative and then the casual person reading, well maybe they're right. Well, hey, this guy is a piece of shit. Come here. I always thought he was a nice guy. And then it, everything changes. And just don't engage, don't, it's, I'm interested in reading people in their toxic opinions sometimes, but oftentimes I'll, I'll go, that doesn't seem real. And then I'll go to their account and sure enough, they have 39 followers and it looks like they're probably in You know fucking Russia somewhere. And in a troll farm. And it's not a real pun, The pernicious side to it is like all the aspects of life that we know are bad and we shouldn't go there.


Mm. Be they alcohol or You know relationships, whatever it is. if you are, if you're in a bad place, you are susceptible. And that's what, that's what I, I find very difficult about that side of the internet. Sure. If you're in a bad place, especially you after that accident, then, Then it's a magnet. Yeah. It's like, it's just there. It's the crab with its claw open. You're like, I'm, everything's saying, don't put your finger there. You can't, but you do. I don't, I I, I, I and I did very briefly, and I'm very glad actually. I, I, I'd actually left Twitter before then, but I was very, I I couldn't believe some of the heartless comments that were made afterwards. It's 'cause they're not there. It's like, it's a very inhuman way to communicate. We're communicating in text to a person that you're not, you don't see their face.


You don't look in their eyes. You don't feel the pain of what you're saying to them. It's not the way human beings are meant to communicate with each other. Yes. We were meant to communicate with each other like this. I know. This is, that's one of the reasons why podcasts are so successful. And one of the reasons why I only do 'em with people in the room also is 'cause the only person I've done without that re recent in recent times, Edward Snowden for obvious reasons. But you don't want to, that's, that's not a good way to communicate. It's not even a good way to communicate with your friends through text message. No. You wanna be there talking. So the person says something and go, oh, okay. I get it. I get it. So you, so how, why did you think that? And Then it's, but it's the cadence of conversation and also the, the the quality of silence and the way that you respond.


Yes. And actually, I'm now gonna say something terrible. My podcast is done over Zoom, but it's the same voices every week. So people become used to the cadence of conversation. And and they can actually, they can, I do believe, relate to it for the comments. Confirm that. Well, there's nothing wrong with doing podcasts over Zoom. The problem is with guests. Exactly. It doesn't work with guests. Yeah. It doesn't work with, you can do it. But I know people that do it with guests and they're fine. They just, they adjust. And they're very good podcasts. I listen, my friend Duncan does a lot of people through Zoom and they're great, they're great conversations. But if you had, If you had to sit down and speak to a room full of young people about how to manage third party opinions of you on the internet, what would you, would you say to 'em?


Just ignore. Yes. Yeah. Well, you have to be self-assessing though. You can't be a person that is clueless about how other people see you. Yes. He goes, that's not good either. So you have to be a person who's objective and introspective. And you, you have to be able to honestly assess whether or not what you've done is good or bad. And we've all done good things and we've all had bad work. And when you put out bad work and You know it's bad, just, just accept the fact that it's bad. Feel that pain grow because of it. Use it as fuel to be better in the next thing that you do. And that's it. But don't wallow in other people telling you you suck or other people attacking you.


There's no benefit. There's another Side to that that I've, I had to teach my other cohost on this podcast who weren't from a media background at all. I, I personally believe that to ignore the negativity, you can't wallow in the positivity either. I just think you Exactly. You don't have the right to just pick and choose what people say about you. You can't just absorb the nice stuff Absolute and ignore the Bad stuff. Absolutely. That's just as bad for you. Yeah. Because then you're like, oh, I'm pretty fucking amazing. Like, You know that's bad for everybody too. That's not good. Nobody benefits from being told they're amazing. You know if you did something that's good. So congratulations. You worked hard, you put out something that's good. Leave it alone. Keep moving.


Keep moving. Yeah. Don't, don't read all that positive shit and blow your head up. And that happens to a lot of people. They get like enamored. It's called audience capture. And you see it, one of the things that happens, particularly with comedians, you see, especially if they start getting involved in political comment commentary, they, they start getting audience capture. Like you see it a lot with people who lean. Right. Because there's not as many right wing voices on the internet. You get a tremendous amount of support. All these people say, you're, you're the only one out there speaking the truth. And like, and they You like, oh, there speaking the truth. And you start believing that bullshit. And then you change your perspective. Yes. Audience capture.


Yes. Yeah. That's dangerous too. Yeah. When you're, when you, you're becoming conditioned by the environment you're in without realizing it. Exactly. Actually with an out just segue back to the BBC. I've seen that with, with that network I work with. I think there's a lot of high quality people that work at the BBC and I. And at the moment they're under a lot of pressure. And everyone's took, everyone's judging them as individuals within the organization. I think the organization is that environment is, is is almost impossible to work in now. Mm. And it's changing them. And they almost have nowhere to go. Well They're also, it's like, it's an unhealthy relationship in the first place. 'cause you have executives and producers who want to make a thing, but they're not the talent. And so they're also not the experts.


So they have their own ideas and they have to have some sort of an impact on it to justify their position. So you see people having ridiculous suggestions that everybody has to entertain because Bob is an executive. Okay. Bob is the fucking co-producer. We gotta listen to Bob. And Bob's got some stupid fucking idea that you have to hear out. And if you say, Bob, it's not gonna work because of this. Now you're in an argument with Bob and Bob's mad at you and Would you ever make television again like that? No. No. Done. Think I've just finished something for the BBC, which, and this podcast is gonna be, he's gonna put the CATA of the vision. So I've got one thing I've just done with the BBC, which is not correlated, which will be my last thing I've done for the BC probably. I, I did it with Pad. I loved it. It was actually about wellness and, and trying to You know, which is a word I fucking hate.


It's, it's Not captured word. It's not even a word. It's like mindfulness. I can't believe if I just said it. So I apologize to you. And Wellness and mindfulness have both been captured. Spirituality as well, doesn't mean Anything captured. Basically it's about, it's about me being, having let myself go. I'm shit. I let myself go. I'm a bit better now, but you should seen me a year ago. Oh. and I. And we've gone off and done three one hour shows about You know. Was that in as a response to the top? Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I just, I sat, I sat and I drank world class quantities of single malt. I had made, I had, I like a, I like a single malt. and I had built up a nice little collection. You know, a really nice little collection. and I was quite, I was quite disciplined. I'd pour myself, you know, a beautiful Glenn Farleys 25.


And I'd, I'd enjoy it and I'd put it away. I did that collection in the first month after the top gear incident. The whole lot gone. Oh wow. And then I, then I slipped into the fall. you know, it was terrible. and I Alcoholism. Yeah. and I and I Strange. and I and I. I, I don't look back on it as being, I now realize how bad it was. But I'm a bit of a box ticker. Like, you have to, you can't talk about it unless you've done it. I've done it. So that's the box you wanted to tick. Let's try, try to be an Alcoholic. I didn't want to. I didn't want to. But now I've done it. I get it right. I get it. Yeah. And, and I You know. and I also, I was doing a weekly podcast. My, my sort of decline was quite publicly documented. Mm. And some people saw it, some people didn't. But I, sometimes someone would, I'd see someone say, is he all right?


And I'm like, no, he really fucking isn't. Where was I with that? But, but, but I, I do think that the Yeah. That the, the, if you, if you start going down that route, it's a problem. Yeah. It really is a problem. Yeah. It's a real problem. you shouldn say Mindfulness wellness. What other words? Wellness is worse than mindfulness. They're both the same to me. We went to, so this show we did. All right. And this is, I'm not promoting it, it's just, it, it was interesting 'cause I, I like cars and the BBC had me, all I wanted to do was present stuff about cars. And this organization decided to send me off to go to Sweden to, to see what it's like. Why they have a good quality of life. I know they do.


I've got lots of Swedish friends. I've been to Sweden. It's a fucking great place. It was a, it was an amazing experience. I loved it. But it didn't involve cars. Right. and I wanna be making shows about cars. Right. That's what I love doing. I'm Anything else's. Being hired and doing your own thing. There you go. And I'm grateful for it. and I think that's a really entertaining television. Although we missed out one bit. You talk about having to drink donkey semen. Yeah. There's A, there's a clip from this show that's, that doesn't make it, but I'm given this substance to drink by this guy who's got an infant grin. I'm like, and I'll do, I'm that guy that'll eat most things. you know, if you filmed top and you've been around the world, you've eaten stuff you shouldn't have eaten. And as long as you've survived, you just, it's another box ticked You know. Right.


I never thought I'd eat a sheep's rectum. I, but it's fine. It's a bit chewy. But I was given this, this vial of liquid and I drank it and it tasted a bit like a really Petey single malt. Imagine an odd bag that's like really Petey and I was like Cool. And on the label it said Beaver and I was like, okay, what's that? and I and I, this Swedish guy said it's, yeah, it's a essence of a beaver that we make liquid alcohol with. So you flavor like a shine with beaver. 'cause it was strong. And he went, he sort of fudged it and moved on. I was like, whoa. And it was strong and it was, the flavor was in my mouth.


I couldn't get rid of it. Transpires, this is a secretion from the anal gland of the beaver. So I ate beaver ass. I drank it. I was like a Secretion Of a, so someone milked a beaver. Oh boy. and I drank. It wasn't that bad. What's the benefit of this? Supposedly it has some quality. It does. And you know, if you see the average Swedish guy walking around, you'd, I'll have some of that beaver juice if I look at it. Are they all Drinking it? I don't think they're all drinking it, but I think Are some Of 'em drinking It? Yeah, I think so. Really? It's popular over there. It was, it's for sale And I. Does it have to be fresh? I tell you What happens if you get a, a tainted one, here it is. Tails from the fringe beaver gland vodka.


Wow. So that's the beaver's butt right there. And It's the gland in the vodka. 10 days later I was in Japan doing some other work. and I, I remember the, my host saying, what do you think of that food? And all what I wanted to say to them was, I can just taste beaver ass 10 days later. Wow. All my old, my olfactory system such as it is, was only registering Beaver For 10 days. Every food I ate tasted of beaver. Did you try to like wash it out with Alcohol or anything? I tried everything. Wow. It's an incredibly pun. What about Fire spitting? Didn't do that.


I must try that. I was thinking how did you burn it off? I know. I dunno. You'd have to have to just get a new head. Wow. So it eventually just dissipated in Time. It did disappear. and I After 10 days, you still had it. It Was still there. You know when it's just there as a sort of residual taste. I would've been so upset. Yeah. You motherfucker, you ruined 10 days worth of meals. But also when I found out I hadn't made the cut, I was like, come on. Has not made, has not, I went through the voiceover for the, and it's not in, I'm Like, that's so crazy. But I, I, wellness as a concept is, is something that I, as a word I hate and I and I'm, I'm, I'm proud of the show that will come out at some point.


But I, but I am, I like cars. I wanna make shows about cars. Yeah. and I will go, of course I will go back to the internet and I will. That's where you belong. You, you belong doing your own thing. Chris Harris on Cars was awesome. We might bring it back. Yeah, lets do that. It, it'll, I've got some, we've, we've made some films and I'm gonna give it another month and then we'll give it another go. Well, A bunch of people were trying all these different things. Like they were trying to monetize it. So you had to subscribe online or to access the content. We Did. This doesn't Work. Doesn't work. You Lose 99.9% of people. There's too much good stuff for free. Yeah. People have, that's another thing. We come back to that idea of this Chinese guy going, thanks for educating my children or whatever I'd done.


There is no monetary value placed on content. Now there's a few firewall systems that work. I think New York Times and the Times in the London Times works. I pay for that. And, and I think they make money. It Works. Barely. But It's, they've had to work so hard as It, they have been diminished greatly by the, the lack of people wanting to buy paper newspapers. Yeah. It's been a big impact on them. And it also changes the way they do journalism. 'cause now everything's very clickbait, you know, which is a real problem as well. But the expectation is that content is now free. Right. Yeah. You know how many, how many listeners would you lose do you think, if you put a paywall up for this? Well, I lost 50% when I went over to Spotify. Did you? Yeah, initially.


Yeah. We lost like half. But we got it back pretty quickly. Yeah. Yeah. I, I think the way that we relate and interact with content is fascinating. It is. There's an ever bigger appetite. These devices mean that the immediacy means that there's, there can never be too much content. I was pointing that out when I first saw you here, that you have the tiniest little iPhone, the little baby mini that they don't, my friend Yoni has one of those too. Yeah. I admire it. I admire that. You don't even have a case on yours, which is even crazier. Well, I, the iPhone's a funny thing because it's, it's a bit like a steering wheel in a car. That's your contact point. Right. It was designed to, to feel brilliant. And the iPhone with that metal ridge is one of the most pleasing objects you'll ever pick up.


Right. So why put a condom on it? I don't, I Want because you don't want it to break. I want it span outta glass, But it's still working. and I want an Unsheathed Phone also. Mine has a nice little kickstand look at this. Oh. Oh, what's that? Yeah, look at that. Oh, so you could, yeah. Okay. I like that. Yeah. When I'm sitting at the kitchen table. Oh. But, but when I sit down, when I get in a car, I don't want something Oh. yeah. Thing around my disgust. Steering wheel Oh. yeah. Disgusting. I judge people so harshly when I get in their car and they have some stupid fucking thing on their steering wheel. I'm like, what is wrong with you? Who are you? Would you wear mittens on top of that? You fucking idiot. What are you doing? I've, I've Come here briefly for two reasons. One 'cause I wanna be on this podcast. See you. The other thing I've come to do in this state, and I'm gonna need some help with this and I'm not here for much longer, is I saw a bumper sticker advertised that I think is the greatest bumper sticker ever created.


And it simply says Texas is bigger than France. That's it. It's the statement. and I it's for sale online. And I've got a, I've got, I've got eight hours now to go and find it before I fly back. But I have to get this bumper sticker. Oh, we get you one. It says it didn't, she just says it's a statement. Yeah. It's the greatest statement made by any state or country. Well, it's Quite a bit bigger than France, isn't it? Where is it? Yeah, I, okay. I Just love it. Look at That there. Yeah, it's kind of funny. It's Brilliant. and I want that. I have an, i I have A, well really We, were talking about this at the beginning before we got rolling.


But it really is its own country. Yeah. It's very different than the rest of the country. Yeah. It's very independent. And one of the reasons is the history of this place. Like for the longest time the Comanche dominated this territory and you couldn't get across the land. And so the people that eventually figured out how to fight off the Comanche and settle down, they're the craziest, most rugged individuals ever. Yeah. It's the Texas Rangers. They figured out how to cold camp. And there's a, a photograph of Jack Hayes who's the original Texas ranger out in the lobby, and that's why he's there. I was like, without those psychopaths that figured out a way to fight off the most ferocious band of Indians that ever existed in the plains.


We would, no one would be here if you, so they were very reluctant to join this whole union thing. Like, what the fuck are you talking about? Also, they've, they've been conditioned to become animals. You know to be extreme fighters. Once they've, once their battle's finished, they don't stop being fighters. Right. Well, it just flavors the independence of the entire state and the pride of the state. It's very different. How does Austin fit into that? Because I think it's viewed as this center of cosmopolitan life and within a state that's known to be a bit different. So how does that work? It's good. It's a balance. So Austin is this preposterous, progressive blue city that's surrounded by ranchers with guns.


So this is saying Keep Austin weird and surrounded and I. Think that's accurate. 'cause you got a lot of ver You know these universities here. You have some really intelligent, interesting people here. Great restaurants, great nightlife. But also you're surrounded by Texas. Texas, the real Texas, the, the, the majority of Texas is like ranchers and small town people. And they're heavily armed. That's the thing about being an English person. Sorry, a British person. This, the, the gun thing is totally foreign to us. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna offer any opinion at all other than say that it's just foreign. It really is. Yeah. And at, at times, I'm sure people in the UK would quite like to feel the security of having that about them.


But it is, it's amazing driving around here as a British person thinking that person in that car has almost certainly got a gun. Yeah. Almost certainly. we don we Don't have that. Well, we also have the First amendment and you see the consequences of not having the Second Amendment in the UK because they can tell you, we're gonna lock you in jail for a Facebook post. Yeah. And You know you can't really do that here. You, you can't just force people to go to jail. You can't, like, that was an issue also in Australia. Australia, they took everyone's guns away after one mass shooting, I think in the 1990s. And they were able to round people up and put them in camps when they found out they had a cold.


It was crazy. You can't do that in America. No. The the Second Amendment protects the First Amendment. It's, it's, it's maybe the, the what's transpired for me, having traveled here so many times and worked here so often in the last 25 years, is that because we speak the same language and we all look quite similar. We assume our countries are really, really similar, but they're not, they're really quite different. We Have a real caste system over there. Yeah, you have a class System over there. and I actually, they're, they're both wonderful places. I love coming here. There's, there's a, there's something about all of the states that I visited that I love and I have no strong opinions. Maybe there, the older you get, I no longer have strong opinions really about the way other live their lives.


It's like, that's your, it's what you do. I don't, I don't have any opinion about that at all. Really. It's what you do. It works for you. And in the UK we are different as well. and I, I I've, the older I get, the more emollient I become. I think about that. I, when I was younger, I would've had stronger opinions about that. But You know the way that Texas operates is, is Texas's stuff. Mm. It's, it's, it's the way you do things and I don't, I don't, I'd have to be here a long time to fully understand the layers of it, the nuances of it and I. And if you came to North Somerset where I live, there's, there's aspects of it that look, because we speak the same language that look like they're straightforward, but they're not. They, everything has subtleties, doesn't it? Yeah. That's, That's, that's why I see it.


I I don't, I think maybe to come back to some of the comments, it's when people become partisan without any real information that we get, that we have problems. I people always giving me their fucking opinion about stuff, but they haven't stopped to consider it. Right. You know, and that's not, I'm not trying to dodge issues here. You could probably tell I'm, I'm not completely apolitical. I, I I just don't like politicians. I don't, I don't, I don't care what side of the fence they sit on. I'm deeply suspicious of people that go into a career of politics As you should be. As you should Be. So, so I, I'm not, I'm not, I don't profess to be one side or the other. I just, all of them tend to be inexpert. I think the idea that we've created a system where you get promoted because you, you're inexpert is ridiculous.


And in my world, that manifests itself in transport. I've never come across a transport minister in the UK that really has any idea what's going on or any interest or even uses fucking transport other than being driven around, They're just bureaucrats. It's ridiculous. Yeah. So, so that's my position on it. So I just sit there bewildered by what's going on. And maybe, maybe where I am a total soft cock is, I, I don't, I don't have the spine to stand up and shout about it, but I just, it's bizarre for me. And that, that we, that, that we have inexpert people making decisions for us, hence our discussion about electric cars. Yeah. But also we have people that have the right to say whatever they want online without having stopped to think of anything that they were talking about or to, or to research what they're saying.


It's, it's remarkable. But there's also this, because of that, because of there's these shitty opinions and nasty people and all this information flowing around and in bots and all this other stuff, it, it makes you consider the nature of speech and it makes you consider like what a what? It gives you a choice. Do do I choose to engage in this kind of stuff? Do I choose to read this kind of stuff or do I just recognize it for what it is? Like I don't drink moonshine if I don't go to the, if I go to the supermarket and there's a jug of moonshine. I don't go, well, I need to buy that and start drinking it. No, I don't drink. I don't want it. I know it's there. I don't drink it. Right. So you can choose to avoid the things that suck in life. You can, but through the prism of parenthood, I've got three kids.


I, I I do as well. Yeah. I, I, That's where it gets tricky. Yes. Yeah. And, and I Dunno whether you've, you've probably experienced this as well, but when I was first on Top, gear, There was a lot of hate flying around. And You know, I was just hated. 'cause I wasn't Jeremy, which is odd. 'cause Jeremy's one of my heroes. I think he's one of the greatest broadcasters out there. I love top gear. And to suddenly be the enemy was really weird. I, I loved what he did. I loved his top gear. I was just trying to do my own top gear. and I just got shot on for it. But when my children started taking heat for what I was doing for a living, it was very difficult. Yes. I found that very difficult. Yeah. and I and I, I, it's Crazy that people go after someone's kids for a television show about cars.


Like what kind of a piece of shit are You? If I, if I was a political broadcaster or someone that was talking about the NRAI can understand it. I'm talking about the motor car. Yeah, exactly. Not the full world debt. It's, it's a to it's ridiculous. But It doesn't matter. It's just shitty human beings with bad lives that When they go your kids. Yeah. I tell you something, how about this? I never said this publicly. I had a phone call one day from the, from family home saying that my youngest child had been out skateboarding. He's a farmhouse middle now. He's been skateboarding on some little lane. I said, when I heard that, I thought, why would he skateboard there? It's really rough. He'd just fall over. But two people in a car had approached him and said, and, and tried to coax him into the car.


It turned out it was two tabloid journalists that were trying to get some dirt on me. But they tried to coax my child into the back of the car. Oh my God. And I and I, I've, I agree with you that I want to be, have a sensible view of this world we live in. But when you've, when you've experienced those things or when you've had to sit down and speak to your, your kids' teachers about the awful things that are being said to them, just because their dad happens to present a TV show, it does change you a bit. Yeah. You don't come back from it completely. Well, You recognize the real shit nature of some human beings. Yeah. And when you're confronted with it, we we're kind of always aware there's bad people in the world. But when you're confronted with it over such a superficial thing, You are so Right.


So refreshing to hear you say that it's just a car. Yeah. Are ideal in the least serious subject on the planet. Yeah. It's a motor car. It's just being attached to that iconic name. That's all it is. And then also the way that show was canceled. 'cause Jeremy punched a producer. Did you have to work with the same producer Jeremy punched? No, he, he, that guy had left. I met. I I can't, I met him once, shook his hand. I never didn't know who he was. Come On team Jeremy. Yeah. He, he's, he's, he's brilliant at what he does. If He punched the guy, the guy probably sucks. Oh Jesus. I'm not, I'm not coming to you on that. I'm gonna get in trouble. But, but I, but I do, I've always, if no one's ever really asked me what I think of Jim, I think he's just the best. He's He's quite a fucking character.


And I shouldn't, I shouldn't have. Maybe I shouldn't have tried to follow him, but I wasn't trying to follow him. I think what I, what I, I now realize I was trying to do is I was trying to be part of the solution. I knew I could do the driving bit. Right. But I thought the other people could, car could carry off the Jeremy bit. Right. Right. And I now realize that's very difficult. Yeah. It's a difficult act to follow. Yeah. You're not gonna follow that. You, you're just gonna be different. He's a completely unique person. Although I, I think they did Elon dirtier than anybody ever did. Oh, they were naughty with that. They did a terrible thing. They were naughty with that. They did a terrible thing. and I talked to, to him about it. And he was furious. They pretended that his car died and they did it for a sketch.


And this is the early days of Tesla when Tesla had just that little tiny car that was basically a lotus with an electric engine. Right. Yeah. Right. That was called the Roadster. That was the original Roadster. Yeah. The original one, which is a cool looking little car. And they pretended that it died on them. And they did it for a sketch. And they got away with it because it's entertainment. And they were allowed to create a script. And apparently someone had got ahold of the script and read in the script before they even filmed it. Then the car dies. And then we have to figure out why the car dies. So what kind of an impact do you think that had on the sales of his car? I mean, had to be extraordinary. You're watching the most popular automobile show in the world, and they say your car sucks so bad that it died when they were testing it, when it didn't die.


Look, I gotta be careful what I say here, but without wanting to shatter anyone's illusions, that's the way those car shows are made. That's The way a lot of reality shows are made, unfortunately. So ultimately you reverse engineer Yeah. An outcome. So you're being told this is what you're gonna find. Right. This is what's gonna happen. All we need to do is you've gotta help us get there. Now, in reality TV I can understand it, but if you're reviewing a product as you say, that tens of thousands of people make and, and they rely on that thing selling for their livelihood. It's Not, and you're just lying. You're lying. You're lying about this car breaking. Yeah. It did not break. One of the biggest problems on top gear for me was when things didn't break.


So the You know, often the producers and and I understand why they'd want stuff to break. That was the joy, particularly normally with the older cars we'd buy and mess around with. But actually older cars are quite reliable now. Yeah. if you buy something and expect it, the engine to blow up, it won't. Well, how many of those 1988 Toyota Land Cruisers are still on the road with hundreds of thousands of miles? You, you, you Tried. Well, they did a brilliant film about that. And they trying to kill a land cruise when they just couldn't ended up dropping off a building and it drove away. They, it's the cockroach of the car world. They're Incredible. I have a, I have a 200 series land cruise of V eight diesel, 157,000 miles on it. I have an 80 series. It's Just They are, yeah.


They're brilliant vehicles. And actually, I lobbed a bomb incredible on Instagram the other day by saying, I drive round in my Land Cruiser feeling sorry for Rain Rover drivers and I just got a whole lot of I didn't read it. Yeah. But I, but I do think that I have some sympathy for people that make television. Because, you know, if you, they say don't work with children and animals, but working with cars can be difficult. and I one side of top gear that I found unpalatable, not just the sort of the silly comedy bit, which I didn't like, was quite often you'd be given a script. I'd be given a script and my review was in it. And I'd be like, well, I haven't driven it yet. So this is the part where you say it's great, but what if I think it's shit?


Right. But for, but they, they, the, I can understand why the producer and the director's thinking, well, we've gotta get all this package together. That's our hour there. That's our hour there. But we haven't stopped to actually evaluate this thing. We're supposed to be evaluating and I have some sympathy with people that make television. 'cause actually that bit's just that they don't care about that. Yeah. But for me, that's all that matters. Right. I want, I want to give an honest opinion of the car. Well, that's where you shine. And that's why you should only be doing things on your own. I think I will after this. Yeah. You know. Fuck, fuck that wellness show too. I said, I have to take a leak. Let's come back. Cool. We'll take a little quick break. Dogs in cars is a good subject. Yeah. I love having my dog in the car.


My dog loves going in the car. He knows we're gonna go do something fun. The dog. So is it sensible to suggest that the dog is the ultimate car companion? Sure. 'cause they're never upset. Yeah. Yeah. They're like, yay, we're in the car. It must mean we're going somewhere. I love, so my, I've got a GT three touring 9, 9 1. You bring the dog in that What kind of dog? He's an English bull Terrier. How Big is he? Quite a size. But he You know he's, he's on with the shark face. He just looks like he's gonna kill you. But all he'd do is lick you to death. He's a gorgeous animal. And from the very, from as a pup, I, he all, all dogs have access to all cars. It's really important for me, if you've got a really, if you have a car that's a million dollars dog's going in there. Really for me it's a, it's a, it's like a, that's the, it's closest gets to religion for me, I love it.


'cause I, it's a, for me, it's a demonstration of, of who I am. I want my things I love the most to share the things I love the most. Right. So the dog goes in it. And the do and I love patternation on cars. So my cars are known for being not that clean, let's say. And they just live in them. And You know the handle on a GT three under the bucket seat where that lovely handle that you move sit falls backwards on mine. They're all chewed where he chewed them as a puppy and I leave them like that. So when people get in, they go, fuck, what was that? and I go, oh, the dog chewed that. But the only time I've come to grief is that I, now I'm very, I'm very suspicious of switch gear that's laid on the horizontal. Because I was on a slip road in an, in an M three of mine last year.


No, sorry. No. It would be the GT three. and I came off a slip road and I accelerated. It was wet. and I thought I'd lean on the systems. You know when you just get that you lean on the traction or the a BS and the cast went fully sideways on a SL road in the middle of the day. And it looked outrageous. I mean, I'm, that's what I'm quite good at. So I went, well, there you go. That's sideways. Wound it off again. The dog had put his paw on the ESP button. Oh no. And turned, He had turned all the systems. Oh no. Without me knowing. Oh no. So now I'm aware of that. He's not allowed to do that. Yeah. They shouldn't be right there. But That's, I suddenly thought that's, there he is. That's A dog. Aw, what a cutie. And that's in the back of the M five. The VT M five.


That's pip Dog. Ah, that's nice. He's an absolute legend. He is. I I, I And, but he's a great dog companion. No dog sickness. Just, I just love going With Well, as long as they're accustomed to it, that's the thing. Yeah. When, when I have had dogs in the past that I didn't take in cars often. Then you take 'em in a car, they're kind of freaking out. Why are we moving? They start throwing up. Yeah. But It's awful. I don't wanna see a dog like that. Right. No one's seen animal stressed. Right. and I, I have rejected cars because my dogs didn't like them. I had a big, I had a thing called a, I had a thing I bought, I, I borrowed one and I bought a golf R estate. It was a, I'm not sure you got 'em over here, but they did a combi sort of station wagon. You've got, there's athema.


I love station wagons. Why do You like station wagons? I, I ha I think long roofs and curtailed arses look better. Really? Yeah. The the three box thing doesn't do it as much for me. I like long down. I Dunno why. Oh, I think they look gross. Yeah. I Love them. I see them. I'm like, what is, what'd you do to that fucking thing? I bought, so I, this is the new one, one That's actually good Looking. I bought, I bought the old one. So you type in the click in 2015, golf, fire, estate there. and I. There's and I. and I. Any one of those. Yeah. That will do. So I, I went and bought one of these, so that would be good. And that's not, it's not too showy. And it'll do the job. and I at that point, I had my old dog boss, Ana. And, and I put him in the back and he just got out again.


I was like, he hasn't done that before. I put him in the back again. And he was quite evident. He did not like the car. I dunno why. I dunno why. So you didn't like the car? Because he didn't like car. So I, so I took the car back and the guy who sold it said, what's the problem? I said, dog doesn't like it. And he went, What? The dog, what do you mean? I said, well, the dog doesn't like it. I can't live with it. 'cause the dog lives with me. So he goes, absolutely. Wow. Yeah. No, the, the, the dog's Opinion. What could it possibly have been? Who knows? Dogs. Dogs are, as we know, the most incredible things. We don't deserve them. They are wonderful, but they see and they perceive things differently to us. Yeah. He knew it could be that he didn't like the cologne that the German guy that assembled the boot interior with You know dogs.


Dogs offer operate and level of perception we can't even understand. Right. So I yeah, your fascination with bears You know, could a, could a man beaten be beaten up by, could a man defeat a bear? I always love that. It's like, well, what you thinking of? I love, I often like walking around trying to think what my dog's seeing of a situation. What's he smelling? Oh, they must be smelling just so many different things. I know. They apparently can, if you have a hamburger that has like cheese, pickles, onions, ketchup. They can smell all the individual items in the hamburger. They smell everything. They have like a, a reference of discern ability. A menu. Yeah. It's just very different than ours.


So Do they have like Terminator vision? Is there red code going across? And they're like, Because they have no language too. Right. So it's all on instincts. Which is fascinating because You know nobody taught my dog to pee on things. No. He just knows that you step, what's this pees on it. You know when I like take him on trails and he finds out where all the other dogs that pee You, like, oh, I gotta pee there too. But my, there's an emotional sensitivity to these animals as well. That thing there, you just seen the picture of I mean it was bred to fight bulls and bears. That was, that was what it was bred to do. But if, let's just say at certain times in the month, if my girlfriend is feeling down, my dog will go and cuddle her and sit with her all night and provide heat to the part of her body that's in pain.


Really? He will do that consistently. Wow. Every single time he knows. Wow. He just knows. He knows She's uncomfortable. Yeah. They're empaths. Especially when they really love you. There's something about them. Like, my dog understands language. Like he under, he, he doesn't know. Just like, sit, gimme your paw. Lie down. Stay. But To, I bet you he knows tone. Yeah. He knows things like, like we could be going towards the house. I go, nah, let's go around the back. And he's Okay, we're going around the back. Like, he knows what I'm saying. He, he's, it's like real subtle, real simple. I wonder if we over project on them. 'cause when We were discussing earlier about some of the, this sense of being just so disappointed about our fellow homo sapiens.


I over project onto my dog. The, the more I get disappointed by human beings, the more I revel in dogs. Well, they're like human beings though, in that it depends on the life of the dog. Like people get killed by wild dogs. Yeah. Like in Georgia, some couple recently was attacked and somebody was killed by wild dogs because the dogs are fending for themselves. Yeah. They live horrible lives. Now. People that live horrible lives are shit people. Right. They're, they're dangerous shit people. Yeah. Whereas a dog like Marshall that said nothing but love and he's a golden retriever. He is bred that way. He's just a genuine joy. Yeah. Every, everyone he meets, like you are my new friend. Everybody, he just assumes You know. But you've met dogs. Or like they see people. Oh, of course they're sketchy course they're scared of men.


They're You know those, maybe they were beaten. They're reflective of the environment. Which they Exactly. Exactly. Which dogs are just like us. They're just like us. You get a dog like Carl. Carl thinks everybody loves him and he just, everybody wants to play. And that's what he does. He just runs up to you and tries to play because that's his whole life. That's all he's ever experienced is being taken care of. I want some bear chat. So I have, I'm slightly fascinated by these really large bears. Big and I do find myself sometimes at four in the morning when I can't sleep. Googling just the size of them. Their potential power, the potential statistics of what they can and can't do are, are they as awe inspiring as you shouldn think they are?


Oh Yeah. And beyond. Yeah. There's a great story that you can find that's on YouTube. There's a clip of my friend Steve Ella, and he was on a fog knock island and they were elk hunting and they had shot an elk and a fog Knock island is an incredibly difficult place to traverse. The, the bush is dense and thick and the bears are enormous. A fog kn is connected to Kodiak by a small land strip. I believe it's, it's certainly like right next to Kodiak. I might be wrong about the, I think it's maybe used to be, I'm not sure. But the point is, they are coastal brown bears.


And coastal brown bears are the same thing as a grizzly bear. But their diet is very different. So their diet is so rich in protein from salmon. They have, so they're enormous. They could be 1800 pounds, they could be 11 feet tall. They're fucking huge. Their preposterously big. And you can't imagine how big they are unless you, you really encounter them. So my friend Steve, he was with a group of friends. They had shot this elk and he was filming it for a television show called Me Eater. They shot this elk and they put most of it up in the tree and they carry some of it back to camp. And camp is six hours of trekking through the train.


So then they come back the next day, they trek six hours, they find the spot, they sit down and they start eating lunch. They don't realize that a bear has claimed that meat. And so the bear charged through the camp and one of the guys winds up on top of the bear. The bear barrels through the people. And this guy's literally riding the back of the bear for about 30 yards before he falls off of it. One of my friends, my friend Giannis, it is gnashing its teeth about 18 inches from his face as it runs by.


Now. Imagine a head this big foot, I mean the head is foot. The is like this, isn't It like this in norm? I mean, so big. Just impossibly big. And it's gnashing its teeth 18 inches away from his head as it runs by, he hits it with a trekking pole. Like wax it with a trekking pole. They're all, he said, Steve, the way Steve described it, he said, the most reptilian part of your brain is ignited. Where you no longer have, like, what should I do? There's no, there's no thinking in terms. There's no language. So With the flight Chaos, full chaos. Full chaos, terrifying chaos. No one had their gun in front of them.


No one, no one knew what to do. They were all the gun like pistols were in the packs. Rifles were sitting down over there. No one was prepared. No one thought the bear was there. They didn't understand that it was there. Yeah. I think, I think as a northern European, we are always fascinated by the shit we haven't got. Right. And grizzly bears are up there with Chevy Suburbans most muscle cars. Honestly, the, the idea of the other, the foreign is really fascinating for any, any person that doesn't have that. Sure. and I and I it. Same with Australia. you know, you know, you go to Australia, it's a very different thing. They have little shit that will kill you.


Right. Spiders, Snakes, you go there and they'll, and someone will casually go, yeah mate, that'll, that bites you. You're fucked. You're like, what do you mean? It's just spider? No mate. Jesus. It's not like a big furry thing. Right. But in South America, it's big and furry. It, it's, its, its whole presentation is, I'll kill you. Right. These ones are not quite like that. Right. So I do have this fascination with this stuff. And again, that's why YouTube's great because as, as a kid growing up, if you wanted to find out about this stuff, you couldn't really, you had to go and get a book. Or There was no VHS. if you had to Blockbuster, you couldn't buy documentary grizzly bears could you? Right. You didn't get it. Right. Now it's all over there. But even a documentary's not gonna do it.


You have to experience them. Yeah. You have to actually be around one and see it. Have you been, So you have been up close with these things? I've only seen one grizzly bear in the wild. And it wasn't big. It was about six feet. But it looked at me so much different than any other animal that I've ever seen. It looks right through You. like, am I going to eat you? Yeah. So you were a food source. Yeah. Are you a food source? Am I going to eat you? What are you, One of the best things I've done with Top Gear was with Matt LeBlanc, who, as you can tell, I'm very fond of. He's just a, he's great fun. But he had this idea around Bigfoot. So he's a believer, he's a believer in, in his own way.


He's not an, he's not a believer, but he presents a really strong argument. I like people that, as you can tell, I like, I'll shoot that argument full of Holes, but I like, I like to apply tests to things. Right. He's not a believer, but he likes to apply tests. He said, stand in the Washington State Forest and tell me that we know everything that's in there. and I, if you come from a little island off Europe, the size of your forests are awe inspiring. Yeah. And the idea, there's so much stuff that we might not know about does interest me. Okay. There probably at one point in time was something. Yeah. That's what it really is. And there's an actual animal called Gigantopithecus that existed alongside human beings that was an eight to 10 foot tall bipedal ape that lived in Asia and could have come across across the bearing land bridge.


Yeah. Well, there you go. Its Possible. It's possible. So, and there's also, native Americans have some enormous number of names for these creatures. Different tribes of enormous. So they don't have fake animals. They don't have a bunch of like dragons and stuff that Does Yeah. It's not a mythical creature. Right. So, and I don't wanna, I don't wanna pitch Matt into something You know. He's not, he's not some crazy believer. But, and and actually the premise of the whole film was fun. It was, he was there going, there's, I think there's something here that's gonna have a look for it. and I was just acutely aware as We were in as we shot it in, in Cal, Northern California. So North San Francisco, the forest at night is a sketchy place. You know Oh.


yeah. It, it, it really reminds you of just how insignificant we are and how vulnerable we are without our manmade objects to defend ourselves. Sure. and I and I in the context of that, A bear for me was terrifying actually. I, I just thought they were creatures I'd seen on nature programs. The idea There was something out there that viewed me as food. That if you live in England, we don't have that. We simply don't, we don't have mountain lions. I'm not gonna eat by a badger. I think the largest carnivore in the UK is probably a fox or a badger. We don't have these things that you have. Right. Difficult for you to understand. There's nothing that views me as a food source. California killed all the bears. All the grizzlies. They did, they used to have, well the California state flag is a grizzly bear.


Yeah. And their bears were similar, I believe in size to coastal brown bears the, the grizzlies, the, the brown bears that used to live there. And there's a place in California called Leveque is a town called Leveque that was named after, I believe his name was Steven Leveque. And he was the last man to get killed by a brown bear in California before they eradicated them. So this is in the 18 hundreds I guess. So they just started killing 'em all. They just killed 'em. Fuck these things. They're killing everybody. Yeah. Which just kill 'em. You can sort of see why Oh. yeah. They were a polar bear is even more madness again. Isn't He Oh? yeah. Have you ever seen that BBC show where they put the guy in the glass cube? Oh my God.


I mean, what was going on there? That is so terrifying. The thing is just smelling meat inside that cube and trying to get through it to get to him. Yeah. It's biting it and you see it's massive jaws and they don't eat anything but meat. Yeah. So they're, they're the most dangerous of all polar bears. And ironically, they're the ones that we make the, seems to be the cutest. This this fuck that thing. How do You know that's gonna work by the way. I know you try that out on a bear. It Looks like a shit X-Wing fighter doesn't it? From the inside. Yeah. And this bear just gets to it. It's like, oh, there's meat in there. How do I get to that meat? I just, That's, And we make those things out to be our friends You know.


That's, that's the You know. What would you do for a klon dike bar? You know they sell Coca-Cola. They sell Klondike bars. And this, this bear is just a fucking super predator. Ballou Balu was a bear. It's Systematic. What's Balu Balu Jungle book. Oh. yeah, Yeah, yeah. The friendliest. It's amazing, isn't it? That the Yeah. We anthropomorphized bears. Yeah. More than just about any other creature. Yogi Yogi Paddington bear. Sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Friendly cuddly I think. I think. 'cause they, they do look quite appealing. And they are dog-like aren't they? They're slightly dog-like snout. Sure. Shape of head. Well, we put hats on them and shit. Only you could prevent forest fires.


And they want to, they wanna eat You. Yeah. They want to eat you. They want to eat anything that's slow. I mean, that's what they're there for. They're nature's cleanup crew. Friend of mine walked to the North Pole for some reason. I don't know why. And, and he was, and he had a lot of training beforehand. This is a long time ago. But the, the, the polar bear training was that he talked about was quite difficult to absorb really effectively. It was that There was no, There was no gun that you could carry on an expedition like that if you're just on your own or with three other people with sleds. Right. There's nothing you could carry that you could immediately produce that would stop a polar bear, an adult polar bear. So the best thing they had was a, is a, a short shotgun that had a solid bolt. Just a solid bolt in it.


And if you could get that one thing off, you could stop it. But there's no gauge of shotgun that was gonna stop one of these things. It was coming at you. So they carried this thing, they carried this thing that had a solid bolt in it. That's all he had. I dunno much about guns. But that's what, that's what they said they were given. Ugh. There's some pistols that you can effectively unload into a bear and stop them. A 50 cal would stop It. would it? Yeah. Well, sure. A 50 cal I don't think have a 50 cal pistol, but they have 40, you know, 40 magnums. 44 magnums. Well, that would stop a bear. You'd have to shoot it multiple times. Yeah. Not one. And You know. And like, if you have a 38 or a nine millimeter, good luck.


Good luck. Is that just a, like a bounce right off its head? Their heads are so thick. You could literally shoot it in the forehead and it'll probably bounce off its forehead. I mean, they bite each other. You've seen them go to war with each other. When they bite each other. Oh God. They have insane amounts of power and, and bite force and they're just clamping down on each other's face. And they'll do it for half an hour. Walk away like it was nothing. Okay. That verse a big gorilla. That's a good question. We've had that question many times. What is it? I think the gorilla is at a severe disadvantage because it doesn't really kill anything. Yep. So the gorilla just nashes its teeth at other gorillas and makes like he's a badass and they have incredible power, but they don't even eat meat.


Whereas the bear, all it does is run around killing things. It's all it does. Kills things and eats dead things. And it's what it wants to do. I got my money on the bear. I love it. I love it. What I know about is cars and I'm here to asking questions about bears, but Well, they're fascinating. It's a fascinating part of our world. And it's all the anthropomorphizing is a really fascinating aspect of it. and I think in America. It happened with Teddy Roosevelt with the teddy bear. I think that's the beginning of the end. And then Disney movies were a huge problem. Disney movies are a huge problem. 'cause all the bears are your friend. They all talk to everybody and hey. And it's like, why would you kill the bear? Like that is a giant forest dog that's an evil animal that it doesn't give a fuck about you or your kids.


It'll pull you outta your tent. It'll eat you. 100% you. And and they're wonderful and they're beautiful. And we should definitely keep a healthy population of them. I'm not saying we should eradicate them, but know what they are and don't be influenced by these goddamn cartoons. Cartoons and movies, which have fucked people's heads up. Yeah. I I I it's as a parent you realize it as well. Particularly in the uk we have You know we don't have dangerous species of animals like that. But we, we do through anthropomorphizing them in films and cartoons we make, we make things cute that might not be cute. Sure. Yeah. But You know we have a real urban fox population in the uk.


And it start, they actually started in my hometown of Bristol. The fox is a clever creature and it worked out that it was much easier to come into town and raid bins. And it was out there trying to find rabbits in the countryside. And these nighttime foxes would, they were very clever. No one really knew where they were. They were there. The BBC made a fantastic documentary, I think against Attenborough in the early eighties about urban foxes. And they've spread throughout the UK and the foxes. This, you know, in, in, in most cartoons. It's a lovely cuddly thing with a bushy tail. It's a beautiful color. But they're You know they're, they're predators. They're a real problem for, for farmers. And they, they eat a lot of poultry. I'm not even going into fox hunting.


That's not my world. But, but there's been a few stories recently of foxes going into people's houses and, you know, attacking babies and, you know, stuff like that. And you, and you then, then you see on Instagram, people feeding the foxes in their back gardens. And you think this, that's not a domesticated animal. Yeah. You can't do that. You can't You know. You've gotta make a you've gotta decide one or the other. Also, if you feed them, then they become accustomed to getting food from that particular area. And then you, you kind of fuck them up because then they lose their ability to hunt. Yeah. if you do it too often, if you provide them with food every day, you're gonna fuck them up. I've been, I've just had my holiday down in new, on the new C north coast of Cornwall, which is just one of the most beautiful places on the planet.


And when you buy fish and chips from the fish and chips outlets, they all have a seagull warning now on the shop front saying, when you buy your fish and chips, protect it. 'cause all the seagulls just dive on people. Wow. So You'll it's, it's like that scene in the ju that Jurassic Park film when the rad tools are coming down. Ever seen a seagull eat a rat? Yeah. Hole Hole. Just I know what They are. Just throw it down. Theyll do it to pigeons. They'll do it to everything they can catch. There's, there's A wonderful Instagram clip. I'm, I'm admitting too much about my search history here. I think it's a coran just being given like a black oily thing just being given fish and it eats like five. Yeah, I've seen that.


Yeah. Actually, you think that the volume of fish you've eaten there is greater than the mass of your body. A hundred percent. There's no way that, I didn't think you could eat that. No. There's so many videos of like, different birds throwing down a whole large mouth bass. And it's like, how is it even getting in your mouth? It doesn't. They have these skinny little necks and they swell up and they have the, the fins popping outta the tails popping outta their mouth. Yeah. They're pretty extraordinary creatures. And they're essentially dinosaurs and, And actually to come back to the content discussion, YouTube, whatever it is, I do love the fact it's all out there. Yeah. I love the fact it's being recorded. I, I had never seen this stuff. I've got a particular phobia and it is a phobia.


I hate crabs. and I'm not talking about the STD style. I'm talking about crusta. Why? I think they're horrid to look at. I think I don't eat, I won't eat them. I'll eat all other seafood. Really? I'll eat all other seafood, but I won't eat a crab. You'll Eat lobster. Yep. Interesting. How is that? That's great. So insight into the, the adult brain. I hate the crab. I also think it's an totally unnecessary looking creature. They're So delicious though. You love them. Everyone I know loves them. My children adore them. But if you, if there's a big brown crown on a plate, I can't even sit in a room with it Really Fuck off. Just an awful thing. Also, and this is a good example, right.


In the pantheon, in the pantheon of hateful aesthetics. Right? Right. You have a ske. You have an exoskeleton. So you, so you are inside out, you this thing or someone or something's decided that's gonna be inside out. Right. So it has, it has a shell to protect its soft. Right. Cuddly. And as you described, delicious innards. Why would you make that exoskeleton hairy? That's unnecessary. It's also disgusting. This thing has hairs. Right. Growing out of a shell. What are that's the worst aesthetic of anything. Well, very lucky. They're small. It's also interesting that people, they catch them and snap their claws off and throw them back in the water. 'cause their claws will regenerate And they'll grow another claw. Yeah. That's from a film that's not real. No, it's real.


No, it shouldn't be allowed. In other words. but shouldn be but shouldn be fiction. It It, that's right. That's From a horror movie Saying type Type in coconut crap Oh. yeah. Those are crazy. They're huge. Like anything that you're scared or you're fascinated by it. Someone did a, someone did some research into the claw for forbit force of these things and they were absolutely shocked at the, at the torque and power they could generate. Look at that guy holding one. You get a perspective. What Is that Size of that thing? What is That? Come on. That's unnecessary, isn't it? Well, so Type in, type in claw strength of coconut crap. And you'll be absolutely horrified at what they found.


Wow. Look at the size of that thing. They are freakish. Where do they live? They live on a couple of islands. 3000, 300 Newtons. That's so nuts. That's, that's that could take your hand off Oh. yeah. Wow. The bite of mo. It's stronger than the bite of most land animals, including leopards, bears and wild dogs. And it looks like something from a horror movie. Do You know? There's some speculation that that's what the fate of Amelia Earhart was. Yes. So when I read that, I just Yeah.


That she crashed, got on this island and the coconut crabs ate er. That's insane. I mean, luckily I think they clamp slowly. They don't Yeah. But more than a leopard. What the fuck, man? So what is that thing biting through? Is that metal? Oh, They're just horrendous. There's that, there's that lovely guy on Instagram who's a fisherman who does the experiments with the lobsters and he gets the lobster crushing claw and he puts stuff in the claw. Yeah. And works out what they can chop in half. I find that thoroughly addictive. But crusta like that, that's my ultimate nightmare. It's a hard life. It's a hard life for them. You know. Yeah. Like, and you can't make 'em pets. No.


That's how they're wired. Did. But the stats of that so stronger than a leopard bite. That's so bizarre. I would've never imagined that. I would've never guessed. No. and I and I, I stay up at night worrying about this. Sometimes there's something called the Japanese with the giant spider crab. So when I used to go on holiday as a kid, was this lovely old sort of Victorian style hotel in Cornwall that was run a bit like 40 towers. In fact, it was like 40 towers had the guy that run it that was the curious guy that made lots of jokes that people found a bit rude. But he was wonderful. And they only had about three magazines in their very smelly lounge area where all the old people would sit. And one of them was a national Geo Geographic magazine from about 1975. But I'd always sit and read when my parents were doing other stuff.


and I had an ask about Japanese giant, these giant spider crabs. And There was just one picture of one in a tank with, with its legs, like seven feet apart or something. Well, lemme See this though. And it, it stayed with me. It stayed with me for years. What is it I was reading about these crabs. Sorry, I locked into the Crabs there. Giant, giant spider crab. Okay. Spider crab mate. Japanese Spider crab. Crabs. Just, just chop. That's where these are from too. Giant Spider Crab. Oh, the coconut crabs are from Japan as well. Yeah. Nina, Pacific Coast. Giant, giant spider crab carbon. I'm sharing all this. I I Crabs are a huge problem for me. They really are my children. No, look at, Look, look at This. What's that?


Wow. Are those things, do they taste good? Look at that. Are they coconut crabs? Delicious. I don't think, I've never heard of anyone eating a coconut crab. I wonder why That one in the Pool or on Jesus Christ. That's insane. That's so big. I had no idea that There was a crab that's longer than a human being. Absolutely disgraceful thing. Can you eat a Japanese spider crab? Oh, I think, I think you do. Yeah. It looks like they got a lot of ice. So it looks like they're preparing a Japanese spider crab is no easy task. Oh, You gotta, you gotta find a big pot. Yeah. Right. You gotta break it up, I guess. Wow. Now what about find out about the coconut crab.


Can you eat coconut crabs? I might want to eat one. I I'm gonna send you a picture. If I get one, I I'll, I'll, I'll be glad to see that it's no longer moving. I, I just, I just cannot get my head. Can you eat them? I once Yes. It says above that, above that afr adi and Aphrodisiac an aphrodisiac. Oh, but look, it says yes. Coconut crabs are eaten as a delicacy on some islands and are considered an aphrodisiac in other places. Some say they're tasty and don't need any extra seasoning or cooking and can be eaten after boiling for about 10 to 15 minutes. However, the species is threatened by intensive hunting. Oh, poor babies. They ate Amelia Earhart. Whose fucking side are you on?


Says they don't, when I was reading, they don't have shells. That's why their, their claws are like their protection. Oh. And they mostly on one island only eat other crabs. Oh, wow. They're cannibals. Yeah. Oh. Like they eat red, red crabs, I guess Crab. Oh, they eat other crabs. Well, we mostly eat other animals and we're animals. Dear me, well, I've shared too much there. So that, that's my ultimate fear. Crabs. I can remember several times we'd be asked on top gear when We were going away. You know. Are you okay with everything? And I'd be thinking, I'll do anything. I'll eat my own feces. But if there's crabs there, I've got problems. And only once did we go somewhere where There was, we had to go and We were just in Cuba filming the opening for this film.


And We were in Bay of Pigs. So We were actually there. We were right there with a, with a Maserati and an old Camaro filming this intro to a film. Totally random. What Is it like being in Cuba? I'll give you that in a minute. Okay. And, and I. and I. I didn't, well, you know, you and I was so punch drunk with just travel and filming. Then I working so hard, I you'd almost just wake up and go, it's another mad place. I We were in Kazakhstan today. Right. It was like, okay, we'll get on with it. And looking back, I was in Kazakhstan for 10 days with Matt, Matt LeBlanc from friends. That's a mad thing to do. That's pretty mad. you know? But at the time it was just like, work. Anyhow. So Bay of Pigs and I looked at my phone and I thought, this is, this is the Bay of Pigs.


Fucking hell. you know, this is where You know, this is where it all went a bit wrong for America. This is historically quite a significant place. It Could have been a real problem. Yeah. Anyhow. and I, look, I'm looking around and there's lots going on. and I look left. I'm filming the opening piece to camera, which was typically bad for me, but the reason why it was really bad. But the look left There was a crab down there shuffling around. And I'm like, I, I need that gone. But I can't admit to people that, that that big is worrying me. Like is really worrying me. I'm not, I'm thinking that's gonna crawl up my leg or something totally irrational. I think we all have a creature. Maybe a bogey man or a bogey woman or whatever it is that maybe we fear. Do you have one or all? No, but I think where that comes from, I have a feeling it's genetic memory.


I think that's where a video phobia comes from. And arachni phobia, fear of snakes and spiders. I, I think 'cause some people we, we've exper we've experienced that on fear factor as well. Yeah. Some people have a real, it seems like a genetic irrational fear of certain things. and I really feel like that is some memory from either an ancestor getting bit or seeing someone get bit and die. I think there's something to that. There's a reason why it exists in some people and not in others. Because it Can't be completely irrational, can You? Right. No, I think it's, I think it's completely a genetic memory. That's my my number one guess. Cuba Was fascinating because I suppose as American citizen, you can't go there.


Can you, Can you go there now? I think you used to be able to go there. I think during the Obama administration they made it so you can go there. It's an amazing place because it's, it's one of the few, Which is kind of crazy. A government can tell you can't go somewhere like fuck You Know. Yes. Someone that's so close to you as well. Yeah, Exactly. You can go there on a rowboat. It's a, it's a museum is what it is. It's a fully functioning museum For automobiles, For, for, for life. In many ways. You know, it's not, it's not something that's been allowed to develop the way that a country should have developed over the last 40, 50 years. Right. So you have a society that is, has limited technology and as has evolved the way that it, that it, that it does.


and I then you see how resourceful human beings can be with, with reference to the automobile. Yes. It's fascinating because there's really, it's a strange mashup of weird Soviet intervention and Americana from the fifties and well up to fifties. Yeah. So they, they've kept these American cars going that should have died. They've also got a whole load of Soviet era ladders that came in when the Russians wanted to help them out. And and also that's where their power stations come from. Their power station. They have a coal fired power station on the north side of the island that when it's operating, has a plume of smoke that goes as far as the eye can see. I mean, it turned on me.


It is an amazing thing. I couldn't believe it. It's sort of slightly hidden from, from all the tourists. Ah, it's, it's, it's a, it's a country that hasn't been allowed to develop at the same speed as the rest of the world. And it's, what, a hundred miles from the coast of the US or something? I mean, it's, I think it's 90. Is it? Yeah. It's amazing. It's a, it's a well worth visiting if you can go just to see it. Just show, just shows you what happens when human beings act absurdly. Did you feel safe over there? Totally. Yeah. Totally safe. I, I had a, I had, I I I, in many ways I loved it. In many ways I wouldn't wanna go again. It, it's one of those curious places where I, I thought I've seen the right side of it.


If I scratched too deeply, am I going to see something I don't wanna see? Right. maybe that was it. Well, You certainly will. I mean, there's a reason why people are escaping there. Yeah, of course. you know, of course. you know they're trapped. Yeah. They're trapped in a communist dictatorship. Yeah. It's not good. Yeah. But but as a tourist, you obviously presented something completely contorted, aren't you? That's what happens when you're making a TV show. It's Also a communist dictatorship that's in a very unusual predicament because they're not allowed to trade. Right. So China's a communist dictatorship, but we buy everything from China. Yeah. They're arguably worse than Cuba. But we're not allowed to trade with Cuba. 'cause some shit that happened in the sixties. But Cuba can sell stuff to other countries other than America. Right.


So You know, we're full of their cigars and their rum and, But not America. It used to. I think you can get them now in limited quantities. But it used to be if you got ahold of Cuban cigars, you would I would got, I would get them. I'm gonna tell you a thing I did that it was illegal. I used to get them from England. Yeah. and I used to get Cuban cigars. I had a friend who lived in England and he would send me Cuban cigars and then later he would send me the labels. So he would, he would send me the cigars with no labels. Yeah. Like in a, like a Ziploc bag. Send me a few cigars. And then he would send me the labels in an envelope a couple days later. The pollution in Havana was the worst I've ever experienced of a, of a city. I think when the wind changed that, that power station, oh, that just bloomed straight over.


Well there's a place, was it in Indiana? There's where there's three coal-fired power plants. And if you go outside, you can run your finger over someone's windshield and you have black cold dust on your finger. And all these people in that area have all sorts of weird fucking diseases because they're just breathing in particulates every day. We went to, one of the best things I did with top gear, again, I, a repeat phrase, maybe I need to reconsider my negativity was was the Kazakhstan thing with, with Matt. So we went there and Rory was there as well. And we, we, we ended up at Bi Andor, which is the cosmodrome where they You know where the Russian space program is based. And it's an incredible area.


I mean, it's just mind bendingly brilliant. The vastness of that part of the world. The Soviet Union. If we think that am America, the United States, America is big. The Soviet Union was, was on a scale that you cannot comprehend. Kazakhstan was just a small Bolton to, to Russia. Right. But in itself has, I think the fourth longest border of any, any country with Russia. It's, it's enormous. And by this area of called Baikal, the way that the Russians worked was once they'd used the launch site, they'd just go somewhere else because it was so big. They'd just abandoned that one. Move on to another one. It's a bit like rabbit Warrens You know. Just move on. And they plotted all of it in a map. Anyhow, we went there and we watched, well, when we got close, you were aware of the amount of heavy industry.


It was just the place was as the first place I've been to where I thought, I'm not sure you shouldn be breathing this. Mm. It just felt like you were breathing in stuff that was hurting you. I'd never, I've been to You know Indian cities where there's heavy pollution, but that's just sort of diesel and petrol fumes. There was something else here. You know, you're like going, what is that? But they, it culminated with us watching a Sawyers rocket take off. And they let us get much closer to film it than you would normally be allowed to be. and I, I've never watched a rocket take off before. I haven't been to Cape Canaveral or, or anywhere in the us It was one of the most awe inspiring things I've ever seen. Sounds like such a cliche. But watching a vehicle that has enough power to leave our atmosphere is something I'd advise anyone to do.


If they have the chance. It, it's, there's a, there's a sort of ripping sound in the air that people will have seen. It will understand. It feel, it does feel like just the power of this thing is shredding the atmosphere around you. And it hits you in the solar plexus. You have no control over this sort of rattling in your chest. and I, think We were less than a kilometer away from where it went off. It was absolutely sensational to witness. Wow. Just power, raw power. Wow. And the idea that Mr. Musk has got something that's more powerful than Saturn five about to take off, is that, that fascinates me. That all of that side of things just, we talk about power and engines.


Right. Your rat's got a, a bit of grunt, but these things, they just rattle you. But the smell afterwards is interesting. Oh, it's Gotta be horrible. Yeah. Like every time they launch, I mean, how many cars does that account for? You think about like, the amount of pollution that's put out, amount of carbon that's put out by the burning rockets. I, I I can't even begin to quantify it. And also hundred Thousand cars. What are they burning as well? I mean, what's, what's in there? What's in there? I i talking about ropey fuels, I was talking to some guys that used to race sports cars and Formula One back in the eighties when they were using some very funky fuels. 'cause they, they had There was lots of technology left over in the Second World War that the Germans had for jet engines that they had pioneered, that had weird lubricants in them that allowed them to run at You know very high temperatures or, or have properties that normal fuel didn't have.


And they would use it for qualifying, particularly in Formula One. And the drivers after one lap were gone. They were just spent, There was also great stories about the fact that they would, they'd sometimes have a sort of area outside the Formula One garage. It wasn't as a developed a sport then. But they still had sponsors and guests and one particular team had You know all the trees they put outside just died in an afternoon. 'cause this fuel was so obnoxious. and I and I think actually a guy called Andy Wallace, who's a fantastic racing driver, who, who's now the chief test driver for Bugatti, tells some amazing stories about literally being hauled out of Group C race cars after qualifying. 'cause the fuel was just impossible, just poisoning them.


Wow. But it gave them an extra a hundred horsepower for that lap. Well, How about leaded gasoline? Leaded gasoline has been studies that show that in the places with higher amounts of leaded gasoline, there's a, you can see the lower IQ in the kids and they think that it is dropped people's IQ by a measurable amount. Like people that grew up around leaded gasoline, which is me. Yeah. Like during that time have, are we are dumber because of leaded gasoline. The pipes, the pipes in our homes 150 years ago were made of Lead, lead pipes. Well, my friend Shane Gillis is in a hilarious bit about George Washington and George Washington had lead dentures.


So he had this lead thing where these fake teeth were pre, so he had like lead in his mouth. So he's getting lead poisoning all day long. I have a, I have somewhere in my house, something I bought from the internet, which is boots chemists. So our chemists, your CVS, we have Boots, which is our standard chemist. It's a logo of, of healthcare, of, of stuff that's good for you. Boots used to sell cigarettes for coughs. I've got some, I've got a tin somewhere. It's brilliant. So it, and it shows you how you should smoke them to get rid of your cough. Oh boy. So I think that Wasn't that long ago.


No, that's probably after the Second world. No, before the second World War. Crazy. I would've thought that a hundred years ago they thought cigarettes were good for coughs. Of course they did. But, But then someone, I just Googled it, something like it to see if I'd find the art. The, the, the ad and it. AI says that menthol cigarettes are flavored, which to help with coughs. Oh, come On. What It says it can, the menthol can decrease the cough reflex. I've, Which can help with coughs heard of that. By reducing airway pain and irritation, menthol can reduce the pain and irritation caused by cigarette smoke. Decreasing the cough reflex menthol triggers cold sensitive nerves in the skin, which can decrease the cold, the cough reflex soothing a dry throat menthol can soothe the dry throat feeling.


That's funny. That AI is willing to say something that's very un-PC. You think the AI fucked up here? Yeah. Because I've never heard that. Well, it's probably true. It's terrible for you. Yeah. Say hover smoking can make you cough more. Duh. Interesting. That's weird. Yeah. Can't You take menthol without it being in the format of a cigarette? I'm sure. Yeah. It's a cough drop, I think. Yeah. But the, What we, what we've learned about metall is, is fascinating. And it does, it does mean that, that's why we have to apply that to what we currently witness in the motorcar in the Osborn industry. That there is, there's technology out there that will change something at some point. We just dunno what it is yet. Right. It's gonna happen because we're having to relearn so much of what we thought was fact in, in other areas of our lives.


and I think, maybe that's what I get frustrated by, is that you can't wait for that unprecedented change to come necessarily. But you have to assume at some point someone's gonna make a battery that runs on wasp piss or fucking water or something, aren't they? Right. It's gonna happen. Scientists are clever. They have big foreheads for a reason at the moment. The argument is where there's not enough cobalt or waiting. You get the lithium from, it's a slightly speechless argument because I think it won't always be like that. Someone will, someone will invent something that means that we won't need the cobalt and the lithium. Well Some guy invented a water powered car a long time ago and he was murdered. Do You know that story? It's one of the great conspiracy theories. He yelled, he, he met with some people, you know, that wanted to talk to him about this design.


And then he yelled, they poisoned me and he ran outside and died. Jesus. Yeah. And then nobody ever heard about the water powered car ever again after that. So what is all that? I don't know. Fucks all that shit. So the mysterious death of Stanley Meyer and his water powered car. It's a wonderful conspiracy theory. I haven't looked into it enough to know how much of it is true. It Looks like a Tamia model underneath. Look at it. It looks like the rough, it looks like the, the wild one. So this guy had developed this water powered car that You know had incredible mileage and Interesting messaging on the side of the vehicle. Yeah. Jesus Christ. A lady Lord.


No, it says it's Lord. It's Lord. Oh is Oh. Jesus Christ is Lord. Oh, okay. Cursive Stanley. Did Stanley Meyer die because he knew how to turn water into fuel. This is a British newspaper. Is it The Express? Mm. When was this? Go back Up at, I can't remember. This thing is ridiculous on The screen. What kind of shit website is this? It's some really bad one. See if there's another art. I'm sure there's other articles about that. The car That ran on water. This is where it happened. Happened in outside of, in Columbus. Oh, okay. City. So his bizarre death at age 57 ended work that if proved valid scroll up could have ended reliance on fossil fuels.


People who knew him said his work drew worldwide attention. Mysterious visitors from overseas governments buying and lucrative buyout offers and I know that he was offered money to sell. I think the Y files did an episode on this. The Meyer's death was laced with all sorts of story and conspiracy cloak and dagger stories. Gross city police, Lieutenant Steve Rob Robinett, lead detective on the case. I told them that Stan had died and they never said a word. He recalled absolutely nothing. No condolences, no questions. Hmm. How did it, but how did it run on water? I don't know. Steven Myers featured a numerous internet sites significant portion of the 1995 documentary.


It runs on water narrated by science fiction writer Arthur C. Clark aired on BBC focused on his water fuel cell invention. It's A fuel cell. Okay. Who was ignored, called a fraud and died without his hometown even remembering him with so much as a plaque. Hmm. But I have to believe that a piece of technology will emerge in the next 50 years. That will make us all wonder why we all got so freaked out. You know That's Yeah. Right. Especially over exhaust. Right. It says the basis for Myers research electrolysis is taught in middle school science labs. Electricity flows through water cracking the molecules and filling test tubes with oxygen and hydrogen bubbles.


A match is lighted. The volatile gas explode and prove that water is separated into its components. Meyer said his invention did so by using much less electricity, then physicists say is possible. Video show his contraption turning water into a frothy mix with within seconds takes so much energy to separate H two from the O said Ohio State University Professor Emeritus Neville ye physicists for more than 41 years, that energy is pretty much not changed with time. It's a fixed amount and nothing changes that. Meyer's work defies the laws of conservation of energy, which states that energy cannot be created or destroyed. Basically it says you cannot get something for nothing.


He may have had a nice way to store hydrogen and use it to make it very effective motor, but there is no way to do something fancy and separate hydrogen with less energy. Hmm. So who knows if he but ah, when he said the Lord sent me. Okay, now it gets odd. His first few words were The Lord sent me here to this home. I'd like to use your home as an experiment. Okay, hold on. Meyer's creativity seemed to peak when he met Charles and Valerie Hughes truck drivers who lived in the Jackson Township. Julia Hughes, the youngest of the seven children, was five years old. When Meyer rang the doorbell of her home on Marlene Drive, his first few words were The Lord sent me here to this home.


I'd like to use your home as an experiment. She said, maybe it was just a two story garage shop or the privacy of towering oak and sycamore trees. Julia isn't sure what Meyer saw there, but she knew her parents didn't have room for a struggling inventor. Yet. After visiting with the family for several hours, Meyer stayed the night. And then the next few years in the late 1970s in return, Meyer built the family a solar silo designed to both heat and cool the home. The structure required thousands of clear resin light guides, a crude form of fiber optics which Meyer baked and molded in the family kitchen. Jesus. Julia Hughes recalled the chemical stench. The system was supposed to channel the sun's rays into the tower base to heat water and generate electricity for an air conditioner.


Despite extensive efforts that included replumbing the house, the invention never worked. Oh. So he might have been a kook. Hard to tell, but, But I'll tell you what, you love a conspiracy theory. Oh, I love them. I know you do. I'm less, I'm seduced by some. Yeah. But, But I'd probably less into them than you are. I will say this, the more you delve into the relationship between business and science and the way that our lives run, it's very difficult not to assume that many ideas are quashed because they're not helpful for certain businesses. and I, I think unquestionable and I think the automotive industry is, is and has been at the forefront of that.


Well, the Oil business. I know. Just the oil business in general. Speaking of before we go too far, one of the kids remembered some people showed up at the house and offered him, quote, $250 million to stop. Yeah. The Arabs wanted to offer me $250 million to stop today. You and this lovely family can live in peace and prosperity the rest of your days. Meyer told them this, the army officials meanwhile had questioned Meyer about what foreigners wanted. Thinking that a, that a deal might have been struck. Charlie recalled Meyer telling the family. Meyer discussed the offer in the Clark documentary many times over the last decade have been offered enormous amounts of money simply to sell out or to sit on it.


The Arabs have offered me a total of a billion dollars total pay simply to sit on it and do nothing with it. Hmm. Part of me goes, I Think I'll tell you, I'll tell you why. Sure. An event that that definitely, I knew people like that. An event that happened here that did shake my, I'm, I'm less cynical probably what I'm, I'm less likely to, to be as interested in conspiracy theories mainly 'cause I, maybe I lack your imagination. I dunno what it is, but I, I like, I like, maybe I'm terrified of the fact that I'm being taken for a ride in too many areas of my life. But Dieselgate, the Volkswagen thing that happened in this country Right. Really shook me. 'cause I didn't think something could have happened on that scale.


Explain it to people because it's pretty crazy. Well, effectively Volkswagen were able to put software into their vehicles that allowed them to cheat in emissions tests and a load of vehicles that were, had stated emissions qualities didn't have them when they were not on the test rig. And actually that, that process had been going on in many different ways for most motor cars forever. But their, but the scale on which they offended and the fact they did it in the US meant they got absolutely hammered for it. But You know, if you, if you have an Audi RSS four from 2007 and you start the engine up, it idles in an odd way, the car feels very aggressive for the first 30 seconds that you started.


That's 'cause there's an air pump inside the car that is basically forcing air through the exhaust faster than it needs to. So that when you put it on a test rig, it has lower emissions than, but shouldn do. This had been going on for a long time. But the scale of it was, I suppose, an sort of an industrial subterfuge that I, I didn't think was, I didn't think it could happen. Right. Especially with a large corporation like Volkswagen. I know. And that did shake me. 'cause that I, I always, I I'm a flag bearer for my industry. I'm proud to be part of the wider car industry. and I didn't think that could happen. And it, and it was, it wasn't just a bit of naughtiness. It was lies.


And how many people knew about it. One has to assume quite a few. Yeah. You would assume. But I Think, I think I think they would've, There was a moral complication to it because they were still making very clever, really quite clean vehicles. They weren't You know, they weren't trying to cover up something absolutely hideous. It it was, they were in the margins, but it was still wrong. It was morally completely wrong. And once they, and once they got away with it, they were stuck with it. They couldn't suddenly sort of backtrack on it. Right. And there's, and I think the, it shook my confidence in, in the, those large corporations.


I thought they were being more honest with us and probably made me more likely to believe conspiracy theories wards. I thought, well, if they're capable of that, what else are they doing? Conspiracy theories are fascinating because some of 'em are bullshit and some of 'em are real. And it's hard to figure out what's what. Yeah. You know. There's some crazy ones. Like the earth is flat. And then there's some ones like the CIA might've killed JFK. Yeah. And you're like, Oh. yeah. They might've, they might've. It makes very good listening. I love listening Oh yeah. To talk about it. Oh. yeah. Oh, They're fascinating. But I suppose I am, I tend to sit a bit further back and just, I'd like to hear other people talk about them. But when it enters your world, suppose when something becomes pertinent to you. Right. You suddenly go, hang on a minute.


What else have they been doing here? And how bad was it? And how many of 'em did they get away with? Yeah. For everyone that gets cut, it's not like they catch every conspiracy. No. There's no way. No, no. Some of them sneak through and manage to be effective. Do You know the latest one about this gentleman who is a, a, a billionaire who had apparently overvalued his company and went to court for it. And the possibility of him winning this court battle was something like one half of 1%. This is Mike Lynch, is it? Yeah. The guy who on the boat just died on the boat. And then right after he gets out, the guy who he's with the co-defendant gets hit by a car and then he gets hit by a freak water spout and sinks his yacht.


I was discussing this over a few glasses of wine. It's a good one with some friends. It's a good one. It's, it's got Rogan written all over it. This one has Oh, that's good one. It's perfect for you. It's so juicy. I'm gonna, I'm not gonna pass any comment. I'm gonna be a soft cock again, but I'm gonna say that I read it and my eyes, well, my eyebrows raised. I thought that seems like a coincidence. Didn't the lawyer die as well? I'm just, I'm looking Who else died? The co-defendant was hit by a car In, in, in Cambridge, I think in, so the, the one one incident was a cycling incident in the UK a few days Before. Was it hit and run? No. They've got, they have the person that hit the cyclist. I think they have got, but they were asking for information around it.


Did the person that hit the cyclist have any connection to anybody? That I don't know. Was It, I don't know. Suspicious, But I just read it and just thought, like you, I'm like, oh my God. Yeah. Billionaire autonomy, co-founder Mike Lynch and Steven Chamberlain's careers were intertwined for years in a fraud trial. Then they died on the same day, miles apart, Struck by a car. Oh. I think, I suppose the difficulty I have with that is that's a tragedy. They, They fucked over some billionaires. Well They, they Fucked over some very, very Packard. Yeah. So they sold, they sold autonomy to Eli Packard and There was a big, he was extradited to the US and, and I You know.


I know. I don't know. It's not my world. I suppose the conspiracy theory thing is fascinating, but then when it's in the context of people losing their lives like that, I'm like, do I wanna comment? Because it's so awful what happened. It's awful. And, and, and also going down in a boat was right up there for me of You know Jesus Christ. Right. Also a freak water spout. if You seen the size of this boat. Yeah. It's extraordinary. It's like 300 feet long. Yeah. How, Yeah. How did it sink? What happened? I know you love it. Don't you love it? You absolutely love it. Don't you love It? Yeah. Because I gotta think that there's people in this world that have the ability to do certain things to certain people that fuck them over.


I think you're right. Yeah. And that seems like that would qualify. We're talking about they got ripped off by billions of dollars and then somehow or another this guy gets off and then dies right away. Yeah. And dies in the weirdest of ways. A freak water spout. How many people die every year and freak water spouts on 300 foot yachts? I'm doing my uncomfortable face. I just, I It's so, it's so out there. It's so out there. Yeah. Yeah. It Really is. Yeah. and I and I, I'll bring it back to something more mundane. There were quite often things that happened in Formula One sport that I follow the most closely, probably in the nineties.


And naughties that. Looking back, you think there must have been a, someone had a button that could make things happen. 'cause it was so beyond a coincidence. and I and I never, I never stopped to think of the implications of that thought. But if someone could do that in a sport, they can do it in the rest of your lives, aren't they? And They've always rigged sports. I mean, people have been rigging sports since the beginning of sports betting. But the Sport that you are involved with, you can't. Can you rig that? Oh yes. People have rigged it. Yeah. People have gotten in trouble for rigging it. Yeah. Yeah. Certain fighters may have an injury. There's a controversy about a certain trainer that was involved in betting and then an online discord server.


And they would talk about bets and they, he'd make a lot of bets. And he was making more money betting than other things. And There was a fighter that he was taking care of. And that fighter apparently had a knee injury and went into the fight. And then all this money got bet on this guy losing in the first round. And so he throws a kick in the first round, falls down, gets beat up, loses by TKO in the first round, blows his knee out. His knee had apparently already been fucked. And so this guy who is the trainer, has now been, he's being investigated by the feds. He gets kicked outta the sport. No one from his gym is allowed to compete in the UFC anymore. And he's under investigation.


And if it turns out that they're, what they're saying about him is true. He's really rightly fucked. Yeah. I think actually there's a crossover here between conspiracy and cheating. Now, I think the greatest book that's not been written and never will be written is the greatest cheats in Motorsport. Mm. Some of the stories I've heard over the years are so good. Just 'cause what they do is they reveal the competitive nature of human beings, but also ingenuity that you, you'll see people that are most ingenious when they're cheating. Not when they're abiding by the rules. Right. And Formula One is about the phrase that the great Mark Donahue, one of your great drivers, mark Donahue was a Canam driver who did a bit of Formula one as well.


He coined the phrase The Unfair Advantage. Which a phrase I love. 'cause it just defines so many sports. You, whether we like it or not, we're searching for the unfair advantage, aren't we? Right. And in motor sports, some of the cheats I've heard about are just, just brilliant. Like what kind of stuff? So I, I can remember hearing a guy called Win Percy, who was a touring car driver from the UK in the sort of sixties and seventies describing how There was a famous commentator about, called Murray Walker. He was the voice of our motor sport for 40 years. He had a very distinctive voice. He's a, he was a lovely man. Met him a few times and he'd often describe Wyn Percy getting out of this particular car.


He'd been racing covered in sweat 'cause it was such a monster to drive. But it turned out that it was a V 12 and it was very, very thirsty. So to make sure that when they did a fuel check at the end of the race to make sure they were abiding by the rules, he would be furiously pumping a hand pump underneath the seat to inflate a bladder in the fuel tank to cut off a load of the volume so that it ah. And he told this story about, I don't think I'm misquoting. He saying, well, that's why I was knackered. It wasn't, it was V 12. 'cause on the warm down lap, I knew I had to pump this thing like 40 times to fill up the bladder. Wow. And there's amazing stories of just, just ingenious cheats. I mean, there's so many of them. I mean, formula One is about not getting caught.


That's really what, that's what it's about. You know you. What's the line between interpreting rules and not getting call? Mm. And I love all of that. And I've, I have a few times said to people I know in the, in those sports, can I write that book? Will you tell me they went, no, I won't tell you any of the stories. I'll Tell 'em to you now as a friend. But if they're ever published, I'm a dead man. Right. Because all the money involved, But the ingenious cheating, I mean that's, in 1995 Toyota was excluded from the World Rally Championship. 'cause it, it just had a brilliantly simple piece of cheating. It, it there, all the cars were tur the world rally cars were turbocharged. And you have what's called a restrictor. You know an intake restrictor.


So you, you actually make sure that you can't take more than a certain amount of air into the turbocharger, which should limit the power and make it a level playing field. But they created this brilliantly simple bypass valve that meant that when the car was running, the air would just go round. And it wasn't, the intake restricted was completely redundant. What they didn't realize was that the, the World Rally Championship had a couple of situations where the cars would run side by side. It'd be a drag race. And so the Toyota just fucked off into the distance and everyone went, well, they're cheating, aren't They? And then they found it. But it was, this was You know perpetrated by a by Toyota, by a car company. Mm. and I, I suppose those things I find fascinating.


So Wouldn't you tell them to don't get ahead in the straightaway. They didn't tell the, the driver drivers didn't know. The co-driver didn't know. Ah, dirty. They just knew that sometimes when they got in the car, someone did that with a lever. Wow. So they didn't know. And Formula One is not big in America, which is odd. And so how Do you feel about it here in Austin? Because obviously, Well, I saw it in Austin. It's amazing. I love it. Yeah. I went to Coda. That's, that's, we have that up there. Yeah. That's Coda. Yeah. So my friend Bobby owns the place. So You know he took me around and showed me. And we went there for the races. It's incredible. They put on one of the best races of the season here. This is awesome. The track's incredible.


And it's so fast. Yeah. They're going so fast. It's so wild to watch. Yeah. and I find it amazing how huge NASCAR is here, where they're just going around in an oval. Just they Do have some street circuits, don't they? They do have some shorter ovals, but yeah. Formula One is, is more complex. Way more complex. And the, the, the vehicles themselves are so incredible and they're so expensive. It's just unbelievable how much money is involved in Formula One. So it makes sense why people would cheat A little bit. I think it's this interpreter, this this gray area of interpreting a rule book that's complicated, but also try not to get caught. Yeah. And, and some of the, just the way that they've, through the years and it, it creates subterfuge, it creates games.


Another great story, we covered this on top Gear, was one of the great interpreters of the rule book was Colin Chapman, who was the man that founded Lotus. And he had found a way in something called the Lotus, I think it was 77. It was a car that Andretti won the championship in. They've created something called ground effect. So it's now a common thing. But he worked out that if you sealed the sides of a car on the road, you could effectively accelerate air underneath the car and create a low pressure area, which basically sucked the car to the ground. So you were generating downforce not through wings, but through accelerating air, under, under the car. I'm, by the way, any engineers listed this. I'm not an engineer, but I, I basically understanding of it having driven these things.


But if I'm, if my terminology's wrong, I apologize. But effectively you're generating downforce in a way that you can't see it on the vehicle. It's not got wings. And what they would do is they'd lower these There was a sort of a handle. They'd lower these skirts when they went out onto the track. So when the car went out on track in the, and in in the paddock, it looked like a normal car. But he, he, he, they were going so much faster than everyone else. He needed to find a way of diverting the attention to the other teams. So what he would do was, at the end of a test session, quite often he'd have a guy scuttle from the back of the garage with something underneath a piece of like cotton or something or a blanket and run over towards a service truck.


Everyone would see him do it. So all the teams were like, they've got a trick differential. They've got something special. But it wasn't, it was a kettle. It was a kettle. This guy was running around with underneath the towel. Just so everyone thought it was a component. It was a total diversion. and I met the guy, the guy that used to just run around with this. He had a, it was like a, like a tea potty kettle thing. He was just told at the end of the session, put that under there and run away with it. So everyone thinks it's like a differential or something. and I, I think that's where I'm, I love motorsport 'cause it, it brings out these bizarre human competitive human behaviors. But it's also the margins of victory are so slim. if you have the same horsepower, same compound tires, just different engineers putting it all together in different drivers, But they treated of vehicles.


Yes. They may have the same tires. Right. But this You know, these are a bunch of people, 400 people in different parts of the world are told This's quite, you know, this is the rule book away you go and the margin of, and they are within a 10th of each other on a track. Yeah. It's amazing. Amazing. It is amazing. Yeah. But they, but they're all at it And, and they're all are. See there's always some conspiracy at the moment. Red Bull, apparently they thought they, everyone thought they had some special brake system that they've now had to get rid of. 'cause the a was aware of it. Now Red Bull's complaining that McLaren and Mercedes have got flexible front wings. It is, it is, it is the politics of the playground being played out with billions of dollars on a racetrack and I.


And that's why I've, I'm totally addicted to it at the moment. And how much of that engineering and technology gets to consumer cars? That's a good question. I think direct crossover. There's some, but not as much as you'd hope. But it's undeniable that the brains that are involved in that sport, when they go over to the road car side, carry with them a curiosity and a skillset set that's been so enhanced by what they learned on the racetrack that we all benefit. Mm. I believe that. I think if you look for direct crossovers in all of these places, you come away disappointed. But you, if you tell me that the person that has run Max for Stephan's car for the last three years, if he went to be involved in the next Tesla model three, he's gonna have a profound effect on it.


He's gonna know shit. He's gonna have a way of looking at that project that's gonna make it profoundly better. I believe that. Mm. I once wrote a story for some in-House magazine, I think for BAR racing when they had a race team about the crossover between a nautical engineering and Formula one. That's profound. That really is. I mean, the way a Formula one cast sucks itself to the track is an upside down plane. But there were further things as well. The carbon ceramic brake disc was developed for what? Concord Really? They had, they couldn't stop Concord. It was just, it was going through breaks obviously. And someone went, well, why don't we use different material for the rotor? And that's where the carbon ceramic bri, the, the, the break came from.


Oh. So There was this huge crossover in Metall. And actually, you know, to, to broaden that. What's what's the greatest legacy of your frankly amazing mind boggling national space program? You know, it's, it's, it's what we learned about materials, isn't it? It NASA served to teach us all about materials. There's, we, we, we are benefiting now the car, you, there's something about the raptor you'll go home in that wouldn't be there of NASA hadn't needed to have some weird material with a property that hadn't been required before. Mm. I really believe that. That's, that's the incredible corollary of, of projects that are ambitious projects on that scale.


Well It has to be with like the defense department and the construction of fighter jets. Oh, aren't they up? I'm just fascinated by them. We did a film with the F 35. I raced an F 35 in a McLaren speed tail. And the level of classification around the vehicle was so difficult. 'cause I didn't realize that we don't, as a British government, we don't own those planes. We lease them from you. We're not allowed to own them. Really? Yeah. So the IP stays with you guys and what we do with them is kind of up to you. But we weren't allowed any cockpit shots at all. We weren't allowed to see inside it. Ah. I just got a description from the, from the pilot of what the aircraft could do. Well You know they're doing those fighter jets now with AI running them and they beat human pilots 100% of the time in dog fights.


Do they? Yeah. That the F 35 was one of the coolest manmade objects I've ever seen. They're Incredible. We had to go Up there to, to, actually it was a bit like that bungee jump thing. This was so serious that we had to be rigorous. For example, with the, in the theater of war, I'm not sure you can decide whether the ground is full of chips of stones or not. But this, they have a decontaminated area. The runway has to, you're not allowed to go in there and drop litter 'cause it could get sucked up when it's doing that hovering thing. So you go in there, you're decontaminated and we spent several days working out how to run this drag race. It started out with a genuine drag race between me and a McLaren and this F 35.


And they had their data on how it accelerated and we had McLaren there with their data and we worked, they worked out that the car would get off the line much quicker than the plane would overtake at a certain point. But I was told very clearly that I couldn't get in the wash of the aircraft as it took off. 'cause It would just flip the car backwards. Oh. And we had to sort of choreograph that bit. Not fake it, but choreograph it. So anyhow, first run we did, I was told that I'd be absolutely safe. I'd be so far ahead of the plane that the plane would then be in the air by the time it went over me and we'd be away anyhow. First run we do, I'm like this in this McLaren, it's fucking fast and it accelerates and I look left and I hear a noise. And there's a plane coming past me on the ground.


and I thought I'm in trouble here. And the, the front wheels of the car came off the ground. Whoa. At about 130 something miles an hour. It didn't do that. Oh my, I was fully, God is any racing driver would tell you, and I'm a pretty poor racing driver. you know, when the front wheels aren't on the ground, What do you do? Well, you just shit yourself and, and you are so invested in it. You're like, well it's, if it's going over, if it's going over, this is the greatest piece of television ever. and I hope it doesn't. And the thing just, the thing went, it just went next to me. And again, I, this is why I You know I want to be someone that expresses joy. What thing to have done. And when an F 35 comes past you and it's just got off the ground.


This right here. Yeah, you were, when this thing comes past you, it just started screaming, fuck Does it show wheel. Look at that. Look at that thing there. That's incredible. It's so nuts that they put you next to that thing though. When it Go, when it was right by me, it Fucking, We never showed You're going 218 miles an hour. No, That's kilometers. Oh kilometers it comes past me like that. Bang. and I just thought and the as it did it, the front wheels just went. and I thought, well I'm in trouble here. Wow. But the power and the sound You know you talk about the internal combustion engine.


Why they, these electric things make no sound. We are amateurs compared to what they get to play with. Yeah. And they have like what, 30 minutes of flight time before they run outta gas? I don't, yeah. I don't think that thing can go very far. But, but You know all this fing the way it can just, it can just decide to be hanging like a helicopter. Yeah. Incredible. It's remarkable. But they don't share the IP at all. You're not allowed to We were not allowed to see inside it. That is so wild that it can do that. Just hover in the air like that and shoot its draft down fucking crazy. Maybe that's the, maybe that's the TV show. I just think there's a whole, There's a, Is it boys toys? There's gotta be more sophisticated thing. There's a whole load of stuff that's got moving past.


I think you're overthinking it. I just love, I think you and your passion for automobiles is all you need. Do it on the internet. It'll be huge. I hope so. I think so. I don't think you need anything else. I quite like those things though. They're pretty badass. Yeah. if you can get ahold of one of those, that's great too. But I mean F 22, if you been to an air show and seen one of those I flew in an FA 18. Did you? Yeah. With the Blue Angels. Wow. It was insane. Insane. Yeah. Insane. Just the G four, the physical effect on your body is so extraordinary. Yeah. You know they don't use G suits either. They don't use gravity suits. So you, you have to hook, it's close. So you hold onto the, and then you Do that breathing Thing Ho Hook. You're forcing blood into your, you feel your consciousness closing like an elevator door.


You see it, you see the darkness coming from the left and the right and you're fighting it off. I, I wasn't very good at it. I thought I'd be, I always thought I'd be quite good. 'cause people of our height Yeah. Should be quite good at it. But I felt it. I I got put up on one of those extra three hundreds. The cart, the stunt planes. It's a prop thing, but You know they're the ones that they using in the Red Bull Air races and I, once he got to sort of six, seven Gs Yeah, I, I started to see, Yeah, you have to fight it off. I think I got to seven and a half Gs. But those guys can go to like nine, 10 Gs like that. It's fucking insane. The, the pressure and the, the maneuverability of these things. The, the, the pilot took me through like this canyon and you're You know, a hundred, 200 feet off the ground just flying through this canyon sideways.


It's fucking insane. Insane. I Did a, a ridiculous film looking back with a guy called Andy Green. Do You know who Andy Green is? No fastest man on earth. He's the one that still holds the world's land speed record. So he, he drove thrust SSC, he was the first man to go supersonic in a car. And he, and they had this thing called bloodhound. And this is the last thing I bo you with on this podcast. So they had this thing called blood hand, which was supposed to go a thousand miles an hour. And they were gonna drive it in on a, some salt flats or some, some something dried out in South South Africa, I think. Anyhow, it was, it was supposed to be funded by industry. They lost all those sponsors and they decided to try and publicly fund it and they couldn't.


And Andy during that phase said, I've, I've got an extra 300. He's an ex pilot. Fighter pilot. 'cause they need people that can drive these things. Racing drivers are useless 'cause the decision making so quick and profound. They identified early on they need pilots, not racing drivers. He said, I've got an extra 300 and it's got, this car has got various stages of propulsion. You start off with a jet, then it goes to a rocket and it, and he goes his madness. He goes, I've got an extra 300 and I've developed a way of doing a aerobatic moves that will demonstrate the change in GForce during the run. So he's put, there's a bore yourself with it. He's put, he's put, there's a film. if you type in my name, Look at that fucking thing.


Type in my name and his name and you'll, he'll, there's a film on YouTube of him taking me up in this stunt plane to put me through the Gs that he'll have in the park. and I, honestly by the end of it, How fast did he go in this thing? Oh my God, look at That. He had over steer at over 600 miles an hour. Look At it. That was in the US. Wow. So he, he and he, but the way he put me through the G forces, I would've been a terrible fighter pilot. I couldn't, I just, I I kept getting gray. Kept graying out. I was pumping and Everything. Yeah. Well those guys are all jacked. That's one thing I found out about the Blue Angels. They had like when you go to their training facility ripped are they There was weightlifting equipment everywhere.


Yeah. You have to have muscle because you have to. You're literally, Yeah. It's like Brute force. Well you should, but you should have been brilliant at it then. Yeah. It's not fun. It's a lot of work. So when I, when I do some YouTube videos with cars, can I come and drag you into a car? Yes, let's do it. Okay. I'm in. Okay, let's go. I'd love talking to you. Thank You very much. I love talking to you too. Thanks for being here, man. It's great to see you again after all these years. Yes. I'll, I'll, I'll be back in 10 years. Nah, let's have it quicker. And let's definitely get you on YouTube, on the internet. Do your own thing, man. It'll happen soon. You don't need other people. Thank you both. Fuck those people. Bye everybody.