
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The. Joe Rogan. Experience Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. What's up? Nice To meet you. Great to meet you too. Thank You. Thanks for being here. Of Course. Yeah, of course. I'm here. Right? Of course I'm gonna, of course I'm gonna do this. I'm glad you're doing it. Yeah. So you wrote a book about, well, I think the title is, I Used To Like You, but Until, until, yeah. I Used to Like. You Until. Yeah. Yeah. Like Why did you wanna do that? What, what was the motivation behind that? I, I mean, every, it's, it's not a hot take that everything's so divided now. Right. I think a lot of people have noticed that. But I think I'm really in this unique position where I kind of get it from both sides, because I'm independent politically.


I just want very small government, which I think puts me at odds with both the parties sometimes, depending on what the issue is. So I will sometimes get shit from the, I'm on Fox News, so I'll get sometimes shit from the viewers for sometimes more of this, more social issues, or I'm not religious, that kind of a thing. But then the people on the left, a lot of them won't even wanna have a conversation with me. 'cause they're like, oh, she works at Fox News. That tells me everything I need to know about her. and I think that that's doing some real damage overall to us as a country by the fact that we're letting, 'cause I'm not special in that aspect. Right. People will let one aspect of a person completely just, oh, that's all I need to know about that person.


I'm not gonna talk to that person. Sure. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's a real problem. And, and it's so funny, like if you say, I'm independent, I just want small government. Immediately people start thinking prepper. Yeah. You know. K, K, K. Stockpiling guns living in the woods. Yeah. I'm independent. I want small government is like, you're, you might be a dangerous person. Which is such a wild take. Well, People think that just 'cause you don't think the gov the government's the best way to solve a problem. Right. That doesn't actually mean you don't care about the problem. So if you don't think the government can solve something, like, oh, well you're a piece of shit. Right. because you don't, you don't care about this or this or this. Like, no, I just don't think the government's gonna solve it. I mean, The problem with the government solving problems and the, the government is not financially invested in a solution.


No, no. They just want to have more jobs and they want to keep more bureaucracy and more people working on a problem. Hence the California homeless problem. Yeah. Imagine if that was farmed off to the private sector. Yeah. And imagine if the only way to make money in the homeless problem is actually creating a solution for it. Yeah. But there's no, there's, like you said, there's no actual incentive for them to do that. Right. New York's the same. I mean, I live in New York 'cause I love my job, but if I didn't have my job, I would not live there. 'cause it's so expensive. Right. and I was in LA last week and I was coming back from JFK in the morning after a red eye. I am exhausted. I'm pregnant. I'm trying to sleep in the car and the roads, I'm just getting pothole after pothole.


I'm like going all and I'm like, where are my taxes going? Exactly. Yeah. Because everyone always say these road, the roads are are shit. Yeah. So I lived in New York. Once I drove, I had to do an audition. I drove to, I lived in New Rochelle, so I lived like right outside the Bronx. and I drove to the city and home from the city. I blew out one tire, driving to the city, had to pull over the side of the road, changed this fucking tire. Dangerous, risking my life on the way back, I blew out another tire. Yeah. Geez. Yeah. From potholes. Yeah. And it's so expensive. You just hear that bang and you're like, shit. Yeah. It's so expensive. I mean, I, the fact that I have a, I feel very luxurious and it's like a flex to be able to have a child actually.


Because we have a, we have enough space to put a baby in our rental apartment, which most people don't actually like, I never thought I would get to that position. People Live in closets. Yeah. I've lived in clo when I first moved to New York, I lived in Har, east Harlem. I lived in a truly, actually dangerous neighborhood. and I was broke at like, just so broke. And it, it's, I don't know how people survive. I, I really don't. I don't know why. I dunno how I did. Right. Like, you can get jobs other places. Yeah. I had my stupid dream, which, and it worked out well for me. What was your stupid dream? I wanted to do exactly what I'm doing now. Congratulations. Thank you. I mean, and then it's, of course you achieved something. You're like, what's the next thing? What's the next thing? What's the next thing? I'm that kind person, but, and I'm also, it's been a, so I'm off of amphetamines right now 'cause I'm pregnant for the first time since I was five.


Whoa. Isn't that crazy? Whoa. Yeah. What kind of amphetamines? I mean, you name it. I mean, so I was five. I have 80. I do have A-D-H-D-I was five years old. What Does that mean? So For, it could be exactly a lot of things. Right? It could be lack of focus, it can be emotional dysregulation. But for me, a lot of times it's not diagnosed in women until they're older. I was a nuisance. I was unable to function in a classroom setting, which I think is more noticeable if you're a girl. I was acting like a kind of like a boy for lack of better. I mean, I was, I was breaking shit. I was like roughhousing. I was unable to function in the classroom. And then it, they, we went and got my IQ looked at, oh, she's really smart.


She just can't. So they, I was on Ritalin since I was five and now I'm not. Wow. Isn't that crazy? It is crazy. I hear that. And I'm like, that sounds like me. Yeah. I don't know what it means because I bet you can focus on things that you enjoy. See, yes, I can. Right. But writing is really hard. Which Is, well, writing's hard for everybody. That's why no one's a Writer. Right. But I'm a writer, but I've been on amphetamines since I was five. I don't remember a time being off of them. If I haven't been sick or in bed somewhere in the hospital, like really sick. I've been taking one of these drugs. I mean, Vyvanse is what I was most recently taking. So as an ambitious person, it's been tough for me to be pregnant.


But I don't know what of it is the Pregnancy. 'cause you're not Amphetamines, right? I don't know. I don't know what of it is. No. Is the pregnancy, what of it is no amphetamines? What of it is no nicotine? 'cause I mean, I can't wait to go back to nicotine, but Cigarettes or pouches. Pouches. I like gum and pouches. So let me get this straight. So you're, you're young, you're real energetic. You, you don't wanna sit still in class, but are you interested in some things? Like do you, do you focus on some things in your life? Yeah, probably. I was really into outside and bugs and reptiles and That kind of thing. Right. And when you're around those things, did you focus? Probably. I mean, I don't remember that. Well, Yeah. That's why I don't know what this is because every time someone talks about a DHD and people want to insist that is an, that's an actual pathology.


That's an actual issue. Yeah. And I'm always like, boy, I don't know. 'cause I think it's a superpower. So for me, I like, it's, I've just decided to view it like, okay, I'm not taking this. They told me, you can take the medication while you're pregnant, but we just don't know what it'll, what it effect it'll have. I'm like, well, I'm not, I'm not comfortable with that. Yeah. Fuck. So I just, fuck that. I, I quit. I quit it. I quit nicotine, quit everything. But You know, I just try to view it as an experiment. Like, I've never been off of these drugs and I'm gonna try being off of these drugs, doing the most simple task to me feels like I'm doing it through mud. It's really hard for me. Yes. It's really hard. But one thing that I think I'm gonna, after I give birth, I'm going go back to it to some extent. But I don't wanna use it on stage anymore because I feel like I've been better on stage without amphetamines.


Well, I know people that do. I've never done amphetamines. I've never done Adderall. I've never done coke. I'm scared of him. But a buddy of mine who had done Adderall and then gone on stage said it was terrible. Yeah. So never smiling. He was all serious where he was up there. He said it was awful. Yeah. To me it, I, I guess I feel normal and I've never really been off of it. Like, it was never really my decision. That's so crazy. It was never my decision to go on it. So what makes you think that you're better on stage off of it? Because I, one of my root issues is impulse control, which is a problem and everywhere, but a stage. Right. Because if you're not thinking too much, then you're gonna be better on stage, I think. Mm. So I think I'm, I don't get as nervous. I'm not thinking as much about what if I say this, I just, I've already said it.


Right. and I on a stage, that's the best place for that. That's the one place where you can really do that and it's gonna be okay. Right. So I I, I still, the writing is tough. Doing laundry's tough, being emotionally stable is tough. But my husband is a very patient man. But I also don't know, one of that is the pregnancy. I am not sure Right. Is your first one? It's my first one. Yeah. So there's a lots going on. There's A lot going on. There's a lot going. But it's like, I'm so messed up because I've done these, the amphetamines for so long that let's just say, God, if something doesn't go well, I'm like, it would've been better if I was on Vyvanse. So it's like great You know what I, but I don't because I don't know. Gosh. But it's, you know, but I just don't know. 'cause I've heard, from what I've heard, if you're pregnant, that can make you a little crazy too.


I'm sure. Yeah. Right. I mean, well, your hormones are going crazy. You got a little person growing inside your body. It's so weird. and I know, it's So much going on. It's the most normal thing ever. I get that. Like everybody does it and that's why we're all here. But like, I've never done it. Right. And to me it's wild. I don't think it's normal. I mean, it's weird. It only happens every now and again. Yes. To people. It only happens to one half of the population. Yes. And it's the reason why life is here and it's treated as if it's not that big of a deal. Yeah. It really is. It's one of the main focuses in this election is whether or not you can kill the baby. It's That without, I'm sorry to say it that way. I mean, I'm not, I'm not in any way trying to take away someone's right to choose. I'm not that guy. But I'm just saying what it is it, what it it actually is, is you're deciding whether or not someone should be able to tell you whether you could terminate the baby that's inside of you that's gonna become a person.


Well, I, yeah, I think that's obviously, I mean, I'm pro-choice. I just don't think the government should be involved in it at all. I don't think so either. and I think that there's all these, there's so many different levels to it. Right. Like my husband and I, we froze embryos years ago. Yo. So I have nine frozen kids Too. Oh. yeah. Kids just waiting to Be all thought out. But those are like, that's crazy. Those are just a couple cells that are in a freezer, Whatever. Who knows what's in there. I mean, Who knows what's in the embryo. I So you really, so you think you shouldn have all of them? I don't know what's in there. I don't know. I mean, what if every embryo is a life and not just a life, but a soul and a soul waiting to emerge.


Like once you've done the deed, I'm not saying I'm not that guy. I'm not this religious. No, I don't think you are. Yeah. I'm Not this guy, but I'm just, let's put it out there. Yeah. Like what the fuck is that? Yeah. If that thing can become a person, you put it in your body. B thaws out, whatever. I don't know the process. Yeah. I don't Really either. I don't really either. I just kind of did It all sudden, all of a sudden it's a person like you storing people in like a lab somewhere. And do they have memory of being stored? Do we, we have long-term data about the trauma of being a frozen embryo for 10 years. Do we have any idea whether or not it has any effect on the human being? How long have they been doing this? Yeah, I have. Yeah. I, what's The long term data on what kind of a person comes out of fraud?


Like what are like making a bunch of sociopaths? They're Don't, I don't, I mean, I feel like we've done it enough. Pa time IVF. Right. Do you really Think they've studied it? Like, looked at the personalities of the people, whether or not they have weird dreams about being stuck in a Freezer? Well, sociopaths come from sex too. I watch it enough from sex. No. Like the babies that come from sex turn can grow up to be sociopaths. How do the ba babies come any other way? Well, I mean I-V-F-I-V-F, there's IVF and then there's the sex way. So you're Saying that all the babies that are sociopaths come from sex? No, I'm saying that some of them do. Any baby can be a sociopath. Yes. Which is what I'm, which is why I waited so long to have kids. And I'm terrified because also, what if it's like a few degrees below a sociopath and my kid just sucks.


I don't think you have to worry about That. My kid's the one that shows up and everyone's like, ah, shit. You know so and so's kids here. Do your best. You're not, you don't. I don't think you really have to worry about that. The reason why they brought I brought that up Yeah. Is because Ted Kozinski, when he was young, was There was something wrong with them. Some sort of medical condition. And they brought him to some hospital where he received no touch, no physical touch for like a long period of time. Like months and months. Yeah. And his brother who turned him in, his brother who read the Unibomber Manifesto and realized like, I know how this guy's talking. Yeah, yeah, yeah. My brother's a genius and a psych a real psycho and this is my brother. And so he turned him in and that's how they caught the unabomber. But he attributes one of the things that's wrong with his brother, with the time where he was a baby, where he received no touch and no love and that it just fucked with his head.


and I wonder, those little embryos just sitting in a freezer somewhere? I don't think so. I don't know either. I don't think so. I don't dunno either. I don't think so. But religion thinks that the soul enters the body on the 48th day. Right? Is that what it is? I think every religion's different. I think there's some people who are really socially conservative religious that are opposed to IVF in general. Right. 'cause embryos are discarded or they die. Right. And that kind of a thing. And Yeah, I've heard that as an argument against what Donald Trump has been saying about paying for IVF. Right. And we need more babies. Right. And everybody's like, yay. And then the psychos went, no, no, no. Yeah. 70% of all IVF babies are never used. And they're, they're discarded and like, okay.


Yeah. And in my dumb ass, I just talk about it all. I'm like, I have nine frozen, blah, blah, blah. Listen, It's not, you're, you're just being transparent. I don think, I think that's a, a strong quality. Well, thank you. I get to be into trouble sometimes, but it's a much less stressful than the alternative of having to worry about things being uncovered than I've been hiding from people. Yes. I mean, a lot of times those are the creepiest people. Oh, for sure. The people that are I am, everything's great. Everything's perfect. I've, yeah. It's like, mm, For sure. Yeah. Well, also, I've always found that the people that want to control other people most likely are out of control of some aspect of themselves. Okay. Like if I see men that are like really invested in telling women what to do and controlling women, like some weird thing that I was reading about people wanting to monitor employees periods.


Yeah. Yeah. There was a concern about that. Right. Where if it, I don't, again, this There was a concern about it. I don't know if it was ever really a thing, but it was a concern about it happening potentially, where if abortion was illegal Right. They could get data from these, these apps that track your period. Right. and I have one. 'cause it now tracks my, it tells me like, your baby's the size of a pomegranate this week. And I'm like, oh, that's so cute. Right. But if let's say I, it, it was telling me all that and I like, miss my period, then it could be watching me to see if I was obtaining an abortion pill online or something like that. Right. If my period was, Which is crazy also because miscarriage was some of the most emotionally devastating things for women Oh. yeah.


And then to be accused of killing your baby Exactly. After a miscarriage. 'cause the app, The app Like read Wrong, the app read wrong. The app saw that you missed your period. Yeah. The app decided that You know you should be investigated in this time of insane sorrow. Yeah. Well we have, well we have no privacy. And it's, it's one of the, it's one of the scariest, biggest issues for me. It's a giant issue. It's just how many things between banks and the government being able to look at. They were never supposed to be able to look at all the things that they're looking at. Right. And that's why people have to be concerned about stuff like that. Well, in two separate occasions, I've had private text messages that were publicly available because of trials. Yeah.


So I'm te like, one of 'em was Alex Jones. Yeah. Alex Jones and I were texting about something. Yeah. And they wanted every text that Alex Jones and I had ever sent each other. Yeah. I'm like, well, okay. Why? Because it was all about the Sandy Hook thing. And the only text that they found was There was some crazy story. and I sent it to him and, and I said, is this true? That's it. That's the extent of our discussion. But that got read like in court and then it got printed online and printed. and I was like, wow. That's crazy. Like that A private communication between people. Yeah. That is My, all of a sudden not just gets read in court, but also gets distributed on the news.


That's my nightmare is having my private text messages. Good luck with my memes folder. I'm like, but fucking memes, folders, chaos. That's My nightmare. I mean, the things I text to people being every time I, every time that happens when people's texts get public, I'm more horrified that the texts get public than most of whatever's. It's, and the message is, it's such a vi, it's such a violation. It also doesn't take into account shit talking. Exactly. Which is a huge factor, especially with people like us. Yeah. You know you say funny things to your friends that you don't really mean sometimes. You're just doing a bit Yes. All, all the time. Like half of the the texts that I Yeah. Go back and forth with comedian friends are just nonsense.


Exactly. A lot of times you're just doing a bit. It's so hundred something between friends and if you could see so many of my group chats, if you could see with comedians with people, you could see what we're saying. I mean, it'd be horrible. It'd be over for me. I'd have to start a new life under a new name. But why? But It wouldn't. It wouldn't because I think people are done with that horse shit. They think it's stupid. They really do. It is stupid. But I think more people think it's stupid. But fewer people will admit they think it's stupid because they're worried about it. Well that that's true too. And also there's a lot of people that just love to watch people get fucked over. Yeah. They really do. And they cheer it on. They cheer it on. They get excited about It. I think it's people who, I mean you, I'm always more interested in examining that if there's leaked, there's this thing now where it's people are trying to cancel people over things that they said or tweeted or posted when they were 13 years old.


Well, I can help you with that, but it's Real simple. But who it's, they never reached Yes. They've never reached their potential Yes. That they thought they would reach. So if they can't become whoever, maybe they can take whoever down who did 100%. That's exactly what it is. And it's also, if you look at people's lives, like there's a lot of people out there that are deeply unhappy. Like, what is the statistic? There was some crazy statistic we read recently about the amount of men who are not in relationships and are not having sex. I think it's like 50%. It's something really Something 50% Bonkers. Something 50% of men are not having sex. Something bonkers. Yeah. Like some cri because people are just online.


Like if you have a shit job, You know that Call of Duty is waiting Oh. yeah. And all you have to do is put those headphones on. Ugh. And sit in front of that computer. And now life is exciting. Ugh. I da Maybe, Ugh, Maybe I, I dated a Call of Duty guy once. Ah. So it's a little, it's a little triggering for me. I'm sure. and I was in my early twenties. I'm like young and beautiful and sitting there and then he is like on his video. and I married a ve a man who fought in an actual war. So that was much better for me. I'm like, that's good. That's, You'll learn from that. You don't learn anything from the video games. Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. I would hate my husband if he didn't go to war, actually, because he was, he's, you know, like a good man from a good family who was, you know, had a good upbringing and went to boarding school. and I'm like, if he didn't have any the trauma of the war, I wouldn't like him.


I feel That's funny. That's Right. Inter. Well I think people going through things definitely makes 'em stronger. The rise of sexless men, sexless and single men a third. Wow. So it's a third. I thought it was half still a third of men aren't having sex. And here's why. The last decade alone, we see the number of sexless men between ages 18 and 30 increased by 253%. That's nuts. Yeah. Wow. It's just skyrocketing. Yeah. Yeah. Not good. And then there's not good. So I think those are the people that are mad at you. Those are The people that are in my Instagram. Like, we feel bad for your husband Oh. yeah. You're Oh. yeah. Disgusting.


Yeah. You can't read that stuff. Oh. I mean, it's funny, it's come across it sometimes, but I don't You know. It's good to not read That stuff. Yeah. It's better not to, but It's 100% better Not to. It's better not to. There's No benefit in reading even the good stuff. So you know the good Yeah. The good stuff. You never, you're like, okay, You know. Yeah. Don't worry about it. But sometimes I get You know emails that they make me laugh. I mean, sometimes I see things that make me laugh. You know. Yeah. Occasionally. But it's not worth the ones that don't. Yeah. That's thing. No, I hear You's thing. It's like if you ate like gas station trail mix and every now and then There was a fentanyl in one. No, I, there probably is at this point. It probably is. But You know if you had like 10 bags of trail mix and every now and then one of 'em gives you a pill that puts you in a fucking coma.


No, you would stop eating tech trail mix. Gas station. No, I hear what You're saying. Gas station. It's hard. I recently posted a, a video where I responded to hate tweets or whatever and I made my team go find them. I was like, will you guys go find the funny ones? Because I don't wanna look at all of them. Oh, That's better. Yeah. because you don't wanna go without a spiral. Just finding only people who hate you. And when you're dealing with something like Fox News, you're dealing with numbers. I mean, the numbers of human beings that see you on TV all the time are huge. And then the numbers of deranged people that also think the country's falling apart and they're super tribal. You know. Yes. They, they want you to be all in with Trump. Yes. All in. Yeah. With Man. Yeah. But if you're not all in, they're fucking, they're ready to put the duct tape and the fucking zip ties in the truck and head out the door.


It would be so much easier for me to just be all in. I know people who give in. I know people who do it kind of disingenuously give in on purpose. Well, I would, I mean I do. Well, right. I sell out shows. I'd sell out all the shows and faster. and I Would, if you were all maga, I would sell more books. Oh. yeah. Mean the platform that I'm on every single night, the people who are watching are MAGA people. And so if I were You know, if money was the thing I was the most after I would be an idiot and maybe I am an idiot, I'd be like, I don't think you would, I can't do it. I can't do It. No. The thing is It would change who you are. Exactly. I can't do It. So It would ruin what what got got you to the dance. Yeah. That's, that's the problem.


It's like you're opinionated You like to have fun, You like to be impulsive and talk, say crazy shit off the cuff. Yeah. if you are only thinking about appeasing one certain group, that power goes away. Right? Yeah. Yeah. I just couldn't do, I I just, I, I couldn't. I mean, again, if you actually are super maga and you love Trump and you're one of those people, then good for you. I have no judgment of of that. That's fine. Live your life. Have fun. But is can you please be okay with the fact that I'm not, the way that I'm okay with you. Did you see the Amazon Alexa when they asked Alexa why, why you should vote for Trump? Or why you should vote for Biden? No, I didn't. What happened? It's Crazy what Happened. It's so crazy. What happened, Jamie?


I can send it to you. Or you might, you might be able it probably find it. It is so nuts. What Amazon's with Alexa's responses, the difference between whether Not, I'm sure there's a vast Yes. There's a Grand Canyon between the two of them. Yeah. Do you have it or you want me to get it? That's, I saw one of those things I saw with Oh, ship of myself. Hold on. What is this? Amazon's Alexa differing responses about voting Donald Trump versus Kamala Hare were an error that it has fixed. Oh, of course. Listen, it's not an Error. Yeah, of course it's Not, it's not an error. 'cause they literally asked the exact same questions about Obama and, or excuse me, about Trump and about Kamala. The exact same questions.


I'm sorry. I'm, I'm distracted 'cause I'm trying to look for it while I'm talking. Alexa, why Should I vote for Donald Trump? I cannot provide content that promotes a specific political party or Specificity. Oh, I think I see This. Watch this. Alexa, Why should I vote for Kamala Harris? While there are many reasons to vote for Kaha Harris, the most significant may be that she is a strong candidate with a proven track record of accomplishment as the first female vice president. Harris has already broken down a major gender barrier and her career in politics has been characterized by a commitment to progressive ideals and a focus on helping disenfranchised communities.


So just Yeah. Blatant woke propaganda straight from Alexa. Yeah. I just listen to the language being used and It's Yeah. The glass ceiling. Yeah. Progressive ideas. It's not surprising. And of course, the Kamala is completely just an idea that's been manufactured. It's been amazing to watch It. It's been so insane to watch. Yeah. I mean, the Joe Biden thing I think is a perfect example. The fact that that went on for so long is a perfect example of the, how the, the You know the part is the hyper-partisanship allows things to happen because Joe was very clearly not okay for a while. Right. I mean, anybody who was watching that and just seeing it, if that's your, like your grandpa, right. If that were my grandpa, who's my grandpa's almost 90, who's got like 10 years on the guy, I'd be like, Papa, we need to go to the hospital.


Right. Like, you're not, okay. Right. But that became a Republican thing to say. So people weren't saying it until they couldn't possibly hide it anymore. Right. Right, right. So I think that's a perfect example of how partisanship leads to some really stupid shit. But I, I was actually shocked that they threw her in there. And just right before that, people were saying, worst vice president ever. Obviously You know, not popular now. Now she's You know she's brat. Like, they're like, that's Charlie Xcx is trying to make it cool. It's like she's, she's the da, she locked people up for cocaine. She's not for weed. Yeah. And you're, she's not brat. It's just soap been so crazy to watch. People are so excited and they don't even know what they're excited about.


It's just gaslighting on, On an Industrial level. Of course. On like a production machine level where you're like, wow, look at this thing work. This is nuts. It's like watching a car get put together by robots. Like, whoa. Yeah. Yeah. And people get really mad. They, people get mad at me for working at, I mean, even in my fir personal life for working at Fox News, people were like, how could you work them? I'm like, what do you mean? Did you see where they compared the differences in her speech in Detroit versus her speech in Pittsburgh? Yeah. Yeah. We used to watch this. Yeah. First of all, what what's fascinating is if I was in her court, if I was with working with her, I would say, listen, listen, listen. First of all, nothing off the cuff ever.


Yeah. Yeah. Nothing off the cuff ever. No interviews ever. Speeches. Yeah. Just speeches, teleprompter only. We're busy. Yeah. We're busy trying to fix the world. We don't have time for interviews. Yeah. I'd say no interviews because interviews are when things go sideways. So like CNN was 41 minutes, they edited down to 18. 18. And all of it sucked. 18 minutes of nothing. I Oh. yeah. I wanna see the rest. Also like the difference between the way they probe JD Vance versus Her versus They probe her and Walt. So listen, Kamala, Kamala in Detroit versus Kamala in Pittsburgh, literally five hours apart member for Sick leave. You better thank a union member For paying leave. Unbelievable. You better Thank a union member for vacation time.


Thank you unions for your vacation time. You better thank a union Oh. yeah. It's so, it's embarrassing Too. It It would be one thing if she did that all the time. Right. Of course. She's got, you know, the ability to talk like that if she enjoys it, You know if she wants to talk a little shit. Yeah. And that, that's how she's doing it. But it's, it seems like it's all this construct. It's all, of course it is. You've been to Universal in Hollywood where they, they shoot TV shows. Yeah. And you go down the street and it's these facades Yeah. That look like a city street. But behind them is just a bunch of boards holding up the front of the building. There's no house. Yeah. That's what this is like. Yeah. It's exactly what it's like. and I still have no idea what, I think she could win for sure.


She could totally win. She could totally win. She, I know a lot of people that think it's a good idea to vote for her. Yeah. So I was watching Ben Stiller with fucking eyes glazed over. She's talking about how great she's gonna be. I was like, this is fascinating. Yeah. And it's I get it You. like it's the lesser of two evils in their eyes. Right. That's what they're looking at. But boy, you should not be happy with this. Nothing about, you should be excited about what they've done to you. 'cause they've, they've talked tricked you into talking about something in a very positive way that you just recently Yeah. Didn't talk about in a positive way. And There was nothing that happened. Nothing happened that changed that person. It was nothing that she did. She hadn't even spoken at all for several days. And people were like, Kamala, Kamala. I mean, the cover of the Time magazine without an interview is crazy.


I, man, I'm so jealous. I'm so, I can't, after I, after I smell it, after I give birth, I'm gonna just have my husband bring me a Packa Zen immediately, immediately. Nicotine's the best for writing, for working for everything. It's great for a lot of things. It's just the delivery methods. Yeah. For problematic. I Had a problem with vaping for a while. Oh. Like, it was bad. I'd be in public with multiple vapes sitting. and I was like, KA you can't, you're you're, you can't be doing that. Those are so addictive. They're so addictive. I, I, I was one of the first vapers I quit for. I'm serious. I, I quit. My buddy Adam has one of them. Robot. I did things, Load Boxes. I had one those, I had a laboratory in my house. Like, he was like, I was seeing all my liquids.


It was Like, what is the benefit of having like a big box vape? There's, It just rips harder, harder. I to love rips harder to blow fat clouds. I out. Oh my God. I was, I went, I had to get a dental procedure, done some something super minor, whatever, like a deeply, I couldn't vape for 24 hours. I put so many nicotine patches on my body. and I still didn't even feel anything but shouldn have killed me, or at least made me throw up the amount. and I was like, Ugh. Then I still kept vaping. Damn. I eventually, when I quit vaping and I was using pouches to help me quit vaping. and I was using 12 milligram pills, pouches. Like I tried those. I can't do it. and I start Hiccupping and I just put 'em away. Oh. yeah. Most People, I almost have a fucking heart attack. Most decent people.


Which is why I'm saying I had a problem. and I quit. Now I got down to six and now zero obviously because of this baby. I used threes. I like threes. Yeah. I can't wait. I wanna get six. I'm gonna, I can't wait. I'm gonna be in that hospital bed. I'm gonna be like, like I can't wait. But you can't 'cause it'll get in the milk. That's what I've, I can, can you pump and dump? Right? Yeah. I don't miss alcohol. Yeah, but youre Gonna be pumping out. You're gonna be pumping out nicotine for sure. Okay. But is it okay? I'm gonna try. I'm gonna try. You're just fine. No, I'm gonna try to breastfeed. Okay. But oh, you should definitely breastfeed. I know you shouldn, but it's like, I've already had nine months of no nicotine. That's the thing. That's the hardest for me. Yeah. But once you've kicked it, you should probably try to keep it off.


No, I think, I think about nicotine every day. Like every day. Were you ever a cigarette smoker In college? I smoke when I drank. And in college I drank a lot because I was in college. Because I was in college. Okay. And so then vaping comes along when vaping Comes along. Probably. So when I was like t mid twenties and I did it for eight years. Whoa. So, and do you start with like regular vapes that you buy at the gas station? Yeah. And move your way up to robots. I started with the blue cigs. Okay. And then they just weren't hitting hard enough for me anymore. I was ripping multiple blue SIGs. And then I love the Juul. I love, I I mean, so there's these things in Detroit called breezes. I dunno if you can get 'em other places, but now you can get 'em in. I'm from the Detroit area and I was having, I don't know, my, this is illegal.


So you shouldn I probably shouldn't say this, but my brother may have been sending shipments in to me. You know when they were illegal in New York. 'cause the breezes were the best. Why Were they illegal In New York or I the, for a while? Well, they weren't sold in New York, but for a while There was supposed to be the, the jewels rather the jewels were illegal in New York. And then we weren't sure about what was gonna be legal in New York. 'cause it, do you remember that when they made Jewel pods illegal? I don't. 'cause they, they, I don't think they ever became illegal in California, but they did make 'em the Mango ones. 'cause I was flavored ones illegal. The mango. The mango. Which was hilarious. And that was my shit. The mango Juul, when you get a fresh one and it makes that crackling sound. And honestly, if I found a Mango Juul pod somewhere in my house right now, I I would have, I don't, no, not when I'm pregnant.


That's the thing that sucks, is like, I love this baby so much that I've not even met you yet. That's wonderful. Nothing. It's, it's like, so that's a real commitment. I know, but it's so weird for my brand to love this. I, I never thought I'd have kids. I never thought I, I never wanted to. And then I, now I'm like, my baby's the size of a cucumber. You know. Well You're doing the right thing by not feeding it. JUULs. Of course. I really think so. Of course. But I'm gonna go back. But You, you have to go back and your mind. Yes. Wow. I'm a better, both my books I wrote on nicotine. I had nicotine gum in my, I just wanna like, have something in my job. What Are the, what is the side effects that they think can happen to kids? Like premature birth? I think, Oh boy. Like really bad stuff.


Oh, bad ones. Boy really bad ones. And is That from smoking or is that from I think Nicotine. Nicotine itself. I mean, I'm really limited. I mean, I can't, it's like you can't really do stimulants when you're pregnant. Can't do, I can't do anything when you're pregnant. I can have 200 milligrams of caffeine a day. So is being off of caffeine hard or is it being, you can have 200 milligrams of caffeine a day. Yeah. Yeah. So is the being off the stimulus, is that the hardest? Yeah. Or is that's harder than nicotine? See, I don't know. 'cause I've always done them together. And so did you have to wean yourself off? Or did you go cold Turkey? As soon as you knew That I had to go cold Turkey. Wow. Because I, I, yeah. So what was that like? I was a bitch. For How long? Couple weeks. It was really rough.


Wow. Because, because You have to like, sort of like your equilibrium has to come back. Yeah. Well I had a doctor tell me that I probably couldn't get pregnant without medication. That if I took medication I would have a 10% chance of getting pregnant. Naturally as they say, the sex way. I was just living my life and I didn't feel good. And then I took a test and I was like, Here, we go and we wanted kids. We. were We were planning on starting IVF. And so I just quit everything cold Turkey at once. Wow. Yes. And so was it immediately hard or was it hard after Right away. Yes. First day you're like, oh my God, where's my speed? I would go to the gym and I'd come back and I'd put nicotine pouch in. I mean, I really like nicotine a lot. Wow. I used to be vaping on airplanes, which is Oh My God.


So illegal. It's So illegal. Did You like do it into your hood? I would bring a blanket with me on the plane and I would sit underneath it like a psycho thank You. like a psycho. But they're like, You know what are they gonna do? They can't be like, ma'am, you're not allowed to be under a blanket. Right. I mean, I looked like a mentally ill like, but sometimes people are probably watching me. But you See like little pieces Of va country blanket. Oh no. Because I, because I would also hold it in as long as I could to get the biggest rush. I would like, I would hold my breath. Like, and like I'm telling you, this was best. I've never seen anybody as bad on it as I would. Which is why I can never try crack. 'cause I would like, my life would be over in three days. I would love crack. So I don't Yeah. It seems like most people do. Yeah, They do. Yeah, They do. It seems to be a problem.


Doesn't Anybody, Anybody's like doing a little crack every now and then. I mean, I couldn't handle the nicotine vapes so crack. Probably not. But again, yeah. So when did you move to robots? I moved to robots after the Juul became illegal and I couldn't get the mango. So I was trying to get the same rip I could get off a Juul. So You were being like a chemist. You were going mixing oils. I Always mix Adam and it was like stick and they would explode and be sticky everywhere. And sometimes It would explode in your mouth and you get that like, eh, like My friend Adam Curry uses a robot. He's got that robot lunchbox type thing. Yeah. And he says it's better. Yeah. 'cause he says, first of all, You know what's in there.


Right. Because if you're buying them from, they're making 'em in Vietnam and some sweat shops somewhere. And have you ever seen those factories where they test them all? Yeah. It doesn't, because some guy sucks on every one of them. Yeah. This one poor guy, you think you gotta, I would've loved that job, would leave my life behind and move to You mean I can just rip vapes all day. Yeah. But you have to live in Shanghai. Yeah. And this fucking dude, I was doing that job for free. This dude is just sucking on these things. I mean, I don't know where they make them. He, he's an Asian fellow, but he just keeps hitting them. He's just has to check every one of them. Make sure they blow smoke. She's grabbing 'em off the assembly line. Oh. yeah. Putting 'em in these boxes. Yeah. So he's just mainlining nicotine all day long and whatever those oils are, That's the problem.


That's the thing is I mainly felt like if I get lung cancer, I will feel stupid. You know. I'll be like, how could I possibly have thought I could get away with doing all this and not have something bad happen? Well, is there better oils that those things, like when my friend Adam You know who Adam Curry is, the original PO father. He's the guy made I know very first podcast. I I know who he is. Yeah. Yeah. He's, he's the best. But he acts has those things and he was trying to convince me that those things are okay. Yeah. And that the whole, the whole thing about vapes being bad was just like the tobacco companies and a bunch of shenanigans. and I was like, Hmm. I, I don't, I'm paraphrasing, I'm not giving you the full story. Yeah. But his argument was that those robot lunchbox type vapes, those big fat boys, at least you know what's in there.


Like You know where you're getting your oils. Like you can get different quality and caliber of nicotine oils. Yeah. I was, well, I mean, I, I I I believe there's a lot of studies that show it is way better than cigarettes. I also Yeah. Who's funding those Studies. But it's also, but it's also the way that I've used cigarettes when I've had, like, I, I can still, when I go to Europe again, not when I'm pregnant, but when I can, I can still go to Europe and smoke cigarettes only in Europe and come back and not smoke cigarettes. And there's immediate downsides to cigarettes. You gotta go outside, you smell bad, da da da da. I was smoking the vape. A vape, hitting the vape when I was in the hospital after like, I had a near death experience in 2020. Do You know about my shit? I had a shit bag.


No. So I had a, what happened? Ugh. I had a, I know you're jacked, but this is, you're not squeamish, right? No. Okay. So I had a bowel perforation. I had a really bad stomach pains and I went to the hospital and they told me I need an ileostomy, which is a shit bag. It's the one they take your small intestine, they pull it outta your stomach and you have a bag. So I had to have that surgery in November of 2020. and I was in the hospital and I was ripping the vape for sure. When I was, oh my God. I had my intestine hanging out on my body and I'm ripping a vape. I had it for about five weeks and I didn't tell anybody. Wow. I wrote about it my first book. And that's how everybody kind of found out that that had happened to me. And it was, it was bad. It was really, really rough.


And then I got it reversed. That's good. I got it reversed, but I had complications. Oh, that's not good. So I had complications where I was gushing blood on my ass. There was a loose staple. Whoa. And then I needed a transfusion. Guess which day that was that I had that bad thing happen? What day? January 6th. Oh my God. Like that January the, the January 6th. Oh my God. And I didn't talk publicly about this for a long time. So whenever I, I was on the news, like people would ask me, it comes up a lot. And like, I'd be thinking about you. Yes. I You almost died. You bleeding outta Your butt. I was literally, I, I will never forget this. I've, I've never talked about this before. Actually this specific thing. I will never forget this On January 6th. I, I'm, I'm, I'm all doped up. Right? Like, if you, if you have stuff like that, they'll let you have a Dilaudid drip.


I'm like all doped up. We, I, yeah. I, I, I tweeted or I posted on Facebook, tweeted whatever, posted something along the lines of, this is actually my personal Facebook. It's shared too. And it was like, the news is stressful turning on a Ted Bundy documentary to relax. Something like that. and I looked at my personal Facebook and some dude who I knew from doing open mics in Baltimore had commented like, oh, are you stressed out about You know basically that like we, that you did this You know 'cause I work at Fox that I did January. Oh God. And I'm sitting there on a bucket in a hospital with blood gushing outta my ass. And this dude that I did open mics with eight years ago was trying to tell me that he's having a bad day.


You know. It's Like, well, he's trying to shame you. He's trying to shame. He's trying to blame you for this insurrection attempt. Right. What he perceives to be Right. Which again, I I was in, I was in the hospital. Yeah. Having You know, I would, I would say I had a worse January 6th than a lot of People. I would say. So. I would. Right. I mean, I'm just reading that Ashley Babbitt probably had the worst. The worst. Yes. Yeah. The worst. Absolutely. The absolutely. But here's what's fucked. It's exactly what we're talking about with comments. Who was that guy? That's a guy who was a failure. Some dude. Exactly. You started out open mics. Yeah. And he remembers. Yeah. And now you're successful and he's not. Yeah. And he's like, yeah, you caused a fucking collapse of democracy. I did. With your jokes From this bucket. Yeah. Where Bleeding outta your butt.


Literally the most humbling probably moment of my life where I was like, I am a fragile, fragile human being. Oh, that'ss hilarious. There's some crazy lady next to me too. She was some lady. She was like 90 years old. Oh no. And you know, she thought that, that they, they wanna give her a potassium supplement. So she was talking out loud about how they're trying to poison her with something. and I had her comment, 'cause We were all watching the January 6th. It was on in the hospital. Right. We were all kind of watching it together. And she was like, well, everybody loved Trump at first and now they don't. And she was like, everybody, those are all Russians at the capitol. and I was like, and I'm sitting there on my bucket, like a foot away from this woman. and I'm like, like, I'm like, I thought she's talking to me. Oh, I would've been asking her questions.


I was, I would've given up on any idea of a real conversation. There's not, of course, this is not a real conversation. Can't don't have, you Can't get frustrated. Don't with this woman. No. You can't get frustrated. And those aren't Russians when you talk. They're probably feds. Yeah. Okay. You don't even know like, hey lady, I Just remember being like Totally, Yeah. You gotta you gotta ask her questions. Like what have you Read? What have you read that bright to those conclusions? I don't think she knew what she'd read, but she was speaking very, Brian Stelzer Told Me she was speaking very matter of factly, like Oh. yeah. People love to do that. Yeah. But it, well also probably they're giving her potassium supplements probably. 'cause her fucking brain is shutting down. Yeah. She Was really old. Yeah. She was really Old. And probably not doing so well. Like health wise, they're giving her potassium supplements.


Yeah. That's what they're trying to saying. Hey, your electrolyte balances off. Yeah. Fucking nothing's firing correctly. Yeah. You got real problems. Yeah. Probably cramping up The ho Yeah. The hospital was a bad, I mean it's always a bad, it's like a bad hang. Right. It's horrible. But If you could talk to someone really dumb who's like really into something political. Oh, you can get kind of insight. Well, I had the, when I was in the hospital for my first surgery, There was this lady who was like, she was farting really loud. And then she was singing, she was like giving glory to God for her farts that she was Oh boy. So I was turning up my forensic files as loud as I could just like cranking it up. And she asked me if I could turn it down. Mm. and I already had, this is the day of my first, I had already been having like the worst day of my life. So I was like, how the fuck could you ask me to?


But then we wound up talking all night, like, and I have her number in my phone still because, oh. Because when you're in a hospital, and I was by myself because this was during Covid and in New York, my husband was allowed, he could come visit for, I could have two visitors a day maximum two people for maximum two hours and not past 6:00 PM Wow. So I was scared. I had this near death experience and then complications on the reversal. I was alone the entire time. And you need, I mean, and again, I'm, I'm lucky 'cause I lived through it. Right. There's people who died obviously. Right. I'm so, it was just so horrible and scary to do that by myself. And also it's hospitals. You need an advocate because I was so doped up, they like weren't, like my sheets weren't being washed as much as they should have been.


I couldn't do You know. It's just like, you need someone, someone, someone needs to look out for you. Hey, she need, you know, she's, Hey. But I didn't. Yeah. Hospital workers like everybody else, some of 'em are really good and some of 'em suck. And also it's just, it's weird to be alone like that. Yeah. Like there's no reason why you should have had to have been alone. No. If it's okay for someone to sit with you, that should be fine. Why couldn't he stay? Yeah. I mean, I've had family members in the hospital before. You just sit next to 'em and read a book and they feel comfortable. They, they someone that they love is there. Yeah. It makes 'em feel better. I had my insides hanging out on my body. You should have somebody with you, you Shouldn be able two Hours is nuts. Like why No two? But again, you're already letting him in. Right. Like what does it get worse in the night that he can't stay past 6:00 PM Because also he had work and, but he still, obviously he came You know to see me every day, but he couldn't come for very long and he had to leave.


Right. and I was there by myself and it was so scary. Mm. And There was, There was no benefit to it. It was just because of Covid. Oh. That's why. Oh, okay. That was the, how dumb Is that? But that doesn't make sense because the, if he had covid, It would already be in there hours, two fucking hours from the two hours he was in there hours. Plenty of time to give it to you. Yeah. Yeah. That's So stupid. They told me, I'll never forget that. When I, when I woke up from the first surgery, they came in and they told me that they had good news and that I tested negative for Covid. Oh my God. I was like, I don't fucking care. Oh my God. My it small intestine is hanging out of my stomach. I Don't They don't even test for it anymore. No, they don't. Yeah. My, my daughter had a pretty, like a pretty loud cold or cough and they brought it to the ho I was telling my wife she's probably got the vi Yeah.


Probably got the vi it's going around. Yeah. I, she goes, no, she's got a nasal infection. And I said, did they test for Covid? She's like, no, no. I'm like, They didn't even test your co. Like if this was two years ago, they would 100% immediately test you for Covid. But yet they're still talking about Covid and I. Don't even test kids for it. I tested myself. I had it in July and I tested myself only 'cause I'm pregnant. and I wanted to know like what to expect. Right. and I got really sick. 'cause my immune system's trash again. 'cause of this baby. No nicotine. Can't fight off illnesses. Are you doing anything to supplement your vitamins? I'm doing just prenatals. Probiotics. That's it. Prenatals. Yeah. What is that? AC company sells Prenatal vitamins. A company sells prenatal vitamins. That's It.


Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I eat food now a lot more than I used to. Mm. I didn't, I used to be chewing nicotine gum all day. It doesn't make you hungry. There's Supposed to be some real benefits to nutritional supplementation or your, your baby is being born inside of You. like, like, or being created inside of You. like maybe possibly going to a place. Getting your blood work drawn. Yeah. Finding like what nutrients you're deficient in and it could really help you. You shouldn. Yeah. you shouldn do stuff like that. We can help you You know. I mean, it's all just simple, basic natural stuff. Like vitamin C and vitamin D. Yeah. Vitamin K two and all that stuff. But your body really extra needs that you're making a little human. I know. And it's the weirdest thing I Get.


I could only imagine. I mean, I, again, I didn't used to be someone who ate, ate. I eat all day now. You know. I didn't used to, I mean, I eat food at night. Like I used to not eat all day. You Were on Spain, Of course. Yeah. But I was like, also nicotine gum, all like, too, I always nicotine gum in The mouth. Yeah. My friends have quit cigarettes. That's the first thing they say. They get fat. Yeah. They Immediately start gaining weight. 'cause nicotine's really essentially kind of a speed too. It's A, little bit of a stimulant. I was So much And an appetite suppressant. Right. So I was, yes. and I was, but I was honestly so used to this, the amphetamines. So I was on Vyvanse, which is slow release Adderall. I don't like, I was on Adderall briefly and it was too much for me. I I was jittery, I was anxious. I was, no, I won't do Adderall.


Okay. And the Vyvanse is slow release. It's, I doesn't make me feel, so when I first went off of it, I, yes, I ate, like, I gained like 10 pounds in six weeks. Right. But now I feel like I'm just as hungry as I was when I was on Adderall without the nicotine. Mm. So I, I, because I got so used to it, so I wasn't ever really getting this like, which Adderall I did get from that. From How's that go? Like, Like your skull, like and I didn't like that. Like, I didn't like it. How long did you do it for? So I did it because my insurance didn't cover Vyvanse back when I lived in dc. So I was like, I need something. Right. Did you get street Adderall?


No. No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm not, no, I'm not doing that. Certainly not only doctors. I only move. My drug dealers are all actual doctors. So IIII was like, okay, I'll do Adderall. How much different can it be? And it was like bad. And if I ever forgot to take it, I was like, I was like walking in a wall. Like I couldn't, like, I was like sleeping. I couldn't do it. Wow. I couldn't do it. So then I just like found coupons somewhere. My doctor helped me up. I was like, I will sacrifice in other areas to afford the Vyvanse because I don't know how people take this. Like Adderall I couldn't do. So You took it for how many months? A couple months? Probably couple months. Yeah. And what, what doses were they giving you? Probably 30. Is that a lot Jamie? It's, I mean that's, that's the one you're saying was a lot the other day It was twenties.


So that's like my, someone was talking about twenties. Yeah. Yeah. I've taken, I've taken metadata. I've taken again, I was, I was, I'm I'm one of those, when they say like, study the kids were put on Ritalin when they're five. You're looking at one. Yeah. Like, this is me. That's, I mean, I was on and, and, and it's You know it is harder. It is really a lot harder for me to live and do basic shit. But it's been interesting. That's Henry Rollins's story too. Yeah. They put him on Ritalin when he was five years old as well. Yeah. And he said like, he'd be just fucking ar But I was all day at school just gritting his teeth. Yeah. All his energy just buzzed up on speed. See, I never, I didn't feel like that. You didn't feel like except the Adderall. I, that, that's, I can't, that I, I, that's not for me.


Adderall's not for me. It won't do Adderall. Well, I know a lot of people that really love it and they're all kind of outta control. They're just A little bit off the rails. Oh. If I take Adderall, I, I thought I, I forgot. I remember I forgot my Vyvanse one time and I took someone's Adderall like this was a few years ago. and I immediately I'm texting everyone on my phone, like, am I gonna be okay? Like, tell me I'm okay. Are you mad? My God. That's not, I, like, I, I, I'm exhausting enough to be around as a person. Just naturally. I don't need, I don't need the Adderall adding to the problem. You know. I felt like I, the world's collapsing around me. That's not a good feeling. It's just not how many doctors per prescribe that stuff and, and how many people are on it?


Like the, the the, what was it, 39 million? Is that what it was? Prescriptions last year? Something kooky like that. It's probably more than that. 'cause I think that was actually 2021 now that I think about it. So it's probably way more than that now. Yeah. I mean I, I was one of the first and I think I will, I think I will go back. But then I'm like, maybe you shouldn try just nicotine. But a doctor probably wouldn't recommend that. But what do they know? Yeah. Most doctors are not gonna recommend nicotine ever. Right. Yeah. It's, I'm a better person 'cause of nicotine and I know that's not like popular to like, don't, like that's not for the kids. They're listening. That's, But I, I don't know. I, I'd be, you know, writing, whenever I'm writing, sometimes I'll be like, ugh, I, I I'm so, I, I'm so like, I need to get a sentence Perfect when I'm writing and I'll, I'll spend hours sometimes on a single sentence if I think it's a really important sentence.


And I'll be like, I don't know. I don't know. And then I'll put a, put a zin in or put nicotine and then I will get it. Have you ever tried other nootropics? Yeah. I mean I'm just nicotine. I mean, yes. But, But have you ever tried to add things like you you ever heard of Neuro Gum You know what Neuro Gumm Is? No. Not that. We have some over here in that blue bag right there. Neuro gum is, I don't have anything to do with this company by the way. Just something I like. Okay. Neuro gum is gum that has thine in it and caffeine and it enhances brain function. Yeah. I've tried a theanine before. And then there's some other stuff that you can get. We sell something at, on it called Alpha Brain and there's Alpha Brain, then Alpha Brain Black Label, which is like the more potent for version that stuff's very legit.


Really helps memory. Really helps. Yeah. We did they back in the day when we first put it out, a lot of people were like, this is fucking snake oil. So well, okay, let's find out because there's studies, but there's no, there's no real, like, let's find out, let's get something definitive. So we did two doubleblind placebo controlled studies at the Boston Center for Memory, where they found increase in, increase in verbal memory. So your ability to recall words, increase in reaction time, increase in alpha flow state. So There was a bunch of like recognizable benefits at a dose that was lower than what I was taking. Okay. It was like half what I was taking. Yeah. Like We were, I think the dose was two pills and I.


I do four and like a lot of times when I'm getting crazy, I'll do six. I'm so important. Like if I have a UFC, UFCs require six. Yeah. Because it's so, it's six hours. I'm sitting down there for six hours. I bring snacks and I drink monsters and I have Alpha brain. Yeah. and I and I fucking lock it in. I am excited to start to own my body again and be able to take whatever. They'll start doing stuff. But you should try some other stuff that doesn't, you know, like there's some other stuff that will give you benefits but doesn't give you that weird feeling. You know that accelerated Feeling. I don't like that because I'm anxious enough as it is. Yeah. I'm actually a very anxious person. I have a friend whose daughter was on a DHD medication and she's getting off of it and he started giving her Alpha brain.


Okay. And he said it helped her tremendously. I actually never thought I could go off of it. Like I actually, that was one of my concerns in terms of actually getting Pregnant. It was gonna be like that for the rest of your life. That like, that I, when I went off of it, I mean, I was like, what do I, I'm in it now baby. There's, You seem totally fine. Coherent. You're, you're talking very quickly. Yeah. You know you're not exhausted, right? No, no. I'm not exhausted. So This is you. Yeah. This is actually you. Right. You wanna go back to speed? You I I do. I do. But that's, that's kind of crazy. 'cause I could walk out here no matter what and we'd be like, I'd have been so much better if I would've been. That's so crazy. I'm gonna be like, if I, Maybe you wouldn't, maybe you wouldn't connect as well.


I don't know because it's, I'm, I'm, it's so weird. 'cause I feel like I'm getting to meet myself, but also it's not really myself because of the pregnancy. 'cause this is pregnant me. Right. But then I kind of am curious to stay off of it a little longer when I'm not pregnant just to see. I think you should. Yeah. You seem like a wonderful person off of it. So you're my primary care physician now. Yes. I'm, I'm your doctor. I'll, You seem like a wonderful person off of it. I don't think you need it. I think everybody would like to be A little bit more productive. Especially if you're a creative type. Yeah. If you're a writer, if you're doing things you'd like to be A little bit more productive. But there's no biological free lunch. Yeah. And there's probably gonna be some sort of long-term damage to a lifetime of stimulating your system.


Oh, There's gonna be, I know a lot of people that did a lot of Coke in the 1970s and they're all fucked up. A lot of them died with neurological conditions. Oh. Yeah. Coke is that is I've got, I, yeah. I have no interest in cocaine. But You know. I just wonder. It, it's a difference between doing Coke You know five nights a week for a few hours a night versus a pill that you're taking every fucking day that jacks your system up. Yeah. Who knows if you're gonna blow a fuse over time. Like, who knows. Oh, I've definitely considered that. Right? It is. I've definitely considered that. For me it was just There was, I had, I didn't function off of it. Yeah. So I didn't try. Now what about, have you ever tried New vigil or Provigil?


I was on Provigil briefly, but I was, I forget why I went on Provigil instead of everything else, but it was, oh, I was diagnosed briefly. I've never talked about this with narcolepsy. Oh. But I don't think I really have it. Did you fall asleep? I fell asleep a lot in the sleep study. But this was also in college. And you exhausted and I smoked a lot of weed in college. So, so I really So you were just Exhausted. I really think I might have just been like, had a stone over from The way Oh my God. That's hilarious. Again. And, and they said You got narcolepsy. Take some pills. I've never, I've never talked about this and I've actually kind of just remembered it. But yeah, I and I couldn't stay awake for the sleep studies.


Oh my God. And they were like, God, she's got narcolepsy. No one was ever like, Hey, you taking bong reps? Why you so sleepy Kat? Oh my God. That's So funny. Which I think that must've been why, looking back the fact that I was taking that many bong rips. And again, I got, I was, I graduated at the top of my class. I was very studious, work hard, but I just, I college, smoked, smoked a lot of weed. Yeah, you were Probably sleepy. And I was Sleepy. That's So crazy. I might've smoked like the afternoon before or like, damn, before. How crazy is it that that's the, all the requirement that they have to give you a drug. They're Like, she looks pretty sleepy right now. You Look pretty sleepy. You must have narcolepsy, You.


like, not, you're tired. Not, are you staying up all night? Do you have a lot going on at your house? Are you not getting any sleep? Not you taking No. You, you have narcolepsy here. Take A pill. I would, I would've, I would've told them the truth. They never, nobody ever asked me. Like they, They didn't ask because they don't give a fuck. They just wanna give you a pill. They want to give you a pill. Yeah. Yeah. I get that. And The more they prescribe, the more money they make. Let's go. And they're like, you need Provigil You. like, Okay. And then I took it and then I, I stopped taking it and I went back to I think Metate, which was another stimulant. Wow. But Provigil doesn't seem like a stimulant, does it? Did it seem like it for you? No, it wasn't. And Then there's new vigil, new vigils, another version of it. I don't know what the difference is, but they both seem to work the same way.


I used to take it, if I had a drive, like if I was in San Diego and I did a gig and I'm like, it's 11 o'clock show's over, I could be home in my bed at two in the morning. Yeah. L latest. you know, it's not really three hour drive unless there's traffic. Right. But You know how it is. If you're driving in the road and it's late at night. I don't drive. There's no one on the Okay Anymore. I miss that When I would be on the road and I was is it 'cause of narcolepsy? No, it's, No, it's because I haven't in 10 years. Oh. So I'm not sure I remember how, which it's like driving. My husband is like, you need to learn. Like I You know what I make this poor man do. Or I have made him do the past five years. What? So I have a cat that is, he's now 14 years old. He is a dick.


He's got a lot of health issues. But I won't let him die. Like, I won't let him die 'cause he's like my best friend, blah, blah, blah. Right. But I, we can't find anyone to watch him. And we can't find, we can't board him at the vet over Christmas. So since I met my husband going on six years now, I've made him drive me and the cat home to my father's house. Where's Your father's house? Detroit Area. Oh my God. That's like 18 hours With, with the cat. It's, how far Is it in the, It's like 12 hours. Oh God. With the cat. God. So it's like, you try all that time and when you get there again, and then when you get there, you're in Detroit. Oh my God. So a lot of people are like, he's the lucky guy, which, and it's like, no, he is not. He's he's, he's a saint.


It all works out. You know. But this I'm Sure he is happy. He Is happy. He said, yeah, That's fine. He said it's like there's not that big a deal. You're in a car for 18 hours. Just get zen about it. He's For a cat That's not even a nice cat. Like he bites. Oh, that's a Problem. He's needs daily medication. Can You Like, hire a friend to stay at your place? Ugh. This that, this, sorry. You did just make a very reasonable suggestion For a normal cat. Like he knows somebody who's like needs Money cat for a normal cat. But this cat will like, he is feral. Oh. So Was he an actual feral cat? Yeah. So I was date, I was dating my college boyfriend living out in LA and I was like, I moved in with him non consensually.


That's a whole nother story. I, I got into Columbia, couldn't afford it. So I decided to stay in LA and keep interning. Waiting tables doing comedy. And We were fighting a lot 'cause we shouldn't have been together. So he got me this great friend of mine now actually. But he brought me this cat as like a bandaid on the relationship that he just found in North Hollywood basically. Oh wow. That was like dying and sick. And I've, this has been like, my Feral cats are weird. Yeah. They never really get un feral. No. They dogs, feral dogs. Feral dogs can eventually become dogs again. I've seen it happen. They, they usually have like a fear of people, but they eventually calm down. Like people that have gotten like stray dogs off. I had a stray dog off the street. Yeah. and I had a straight cat and that straight cat. I was the only one that could pick that motherfucker up.


Same. Yep. I was the only one that could pet him. Everybody else would. He would come, he'd come near him. He'd hiss at you and take a swing at you and run away. Yep. So you need profe. When, when my husband and I went on our honeymoon, we had a, I hired a vet to stay at the house. Oh, that's Hilarious. And my sister, I had her stay there too. 'cause he likes my sister, but he, he likes, he finally likes my husband now. And it took what, like five years. That's crazy. But like, he's like, I'm driving. He's like, every year's like I'm driving and I. 'cause every year I'm like, this'll be the last year probably. Yeah. Because cats lived Like 18 years old though. The time. But this cat has had serious health problems for four years requiring multiple daily medications that I Oh my God. Have to administer. 'cause not just anybody can come stay with the cat because they have to administer the medication.


Right. Which is a hazardous activity for the average person. Oh, Jesus Christ. because you have to do the syringe in the mouth. Oh fuck. So I hold him, he'll let me do it. Oh my God. But other people, it's Oh, That's so crazy. I won't let I said I won't let him. Like I won't. Well, why Don't you just let him go? He is probably miserable because He's stable on the medication. He's happy to see me when I'm home. Like, he misses me. So like, he's Okay. I get it. I get it. Now talk to me a bit. The thing is, if I'm being honest with myself, even if that weren't the answer, I might still have a hard time. Yeah. It's hard. Yeah. It's a pet. Losing a pet is very hard. You, you're so connected to them. Yeah. They're like, you're baby forever. Well, I went through everything like Marshall's seven, but he's my baby. Yeah. He's a baby boy. Yeah. Like he'll always be a baby boy.


When I, well, I mean this, I I was, when I got this cat, I was a cashier at Boston Market. Mm. My life has changed. Yeah. And this cat's been with you the whole ride. For Everything. Yeah. For everything. Yeah. So, I get it. I get it. And he sucks. Like, I, I objectively, like nobody's like he's here. You know. Have you seen that chimp crazy thing on Netflix yet? No. Okay. It's about that lady that like kept a chimp and the chimp ripped apart a friend. you know, you know that story. No, I've heard it's by the same people that did Tiger King. Yeah. Right. I've heard it's fucking insane. They said it's way better than Tiger King. This is, it's nuts. Okay. you shouldn watch this. I was really into like Jane Goodall as a child. I love Jane Goodall. Jane Goodall's Odd though.


You know. Oh, of course. Jane Goodall believe. Of course she leaves, she believes in Bigfoot. She was, I thought it was so cool when I was little, how she was like, You know what? I don't wanna be part of your society. Right. I'm gonna go, I wanna go live on, on among the chimpanzees. Yeah. I was like, you can do that. Okay. So this I chimp crazy. This lady, This lady like is, it's apparently we can't really, can we play the trailer or we get in trouble? Mean we can watch it off to cut it out. Okay. So That is the, the chimp that, Well There was, the thing about chimps is when they're little, you can kind of tell 'em what to do. 'cause they're little, they're babies. They listen to you. But then when they get to be a certain age, that's a grown adult. Right. Alpha primate.


Yeah. They're not listening to you. They'll rip your fucking nose off. Yeah. They don't care. They'll, and they also have like this very strong sense of fairness. Okay. Like one of the chimps, there's one this guy that had a pet chimp they had for many, many years. Then he got older and it was too difficult to control. And so they brought it to a chimp sanctuary. And so he goes to visit the chimp on the day of the chimp's birthday and brought him a cake. Like they could still visit the chimp. Okay. So they bring him a cake, but the other chimps are jealous that they don't get a cake. And someone had left the door open. So the chimps come out, attack this guy, rip him to pieces, rip his hands off, rip his dick off, rip his face off. They rip His dick off. They go for everything that you that makes you a person.


They tear, they tear your fingers off, they tear your eyeballs out. They're not even trying to kill you. They're trying to maim you. Yeah. They do. They do some vicious, evil, Horrible shit. Like that's a crime of passion. That's not Yeah. And they do it because they are mad at you. Insane. That's insane. It's a d different thing than like, like a You know A wolf. Yeah. A wolf's not necessarily mad at you wants to eat you. Right. Right. A chimpanzee wants to tear you apart 'cause it's mad At you because it didn't, you didn't bring them a cake. Yeah. You didn't Give 'em a cake. That's fucking wild. Yeah. So you're dealing with like a low level intelligence, jealousy, pettiness, like, like sense of fairness. And then all this like alpha primate shit that comes with chimpanzees in general.


And then you got 'em captive. So they're basically prisoners. So they're in this cage, they have nothing fun all day. And someone shows up with a cake like, where's my fucking Cake? Yeah. Where's my fucking cake? And then they just get out and tear this guy apart. Yeah. Ugh. I mean, horrible. I feel like I, a lot of that was hidden from me as a child. Although when I gave a presentation on Jane Goodall in school, There was like a box set of two VHS tapes. And one was like the happy part. And then like, VHS two was like, I don't remember, I don't remember what was in it, but it was like something graphic and bad that happened to the Chis, the Jane or the chimps? No, to the chimps. Like something, I don't remember what it was. Oh, someone killed them. I don't remember. it might have been diseases. I don't remember what it was. All I remember is that the school called my mom because I brought in the wrong one.


Oh Wow. and I was like, I I I put It the school called your mom. Yeah. because you brought in something that you didn't produce that was about chimpanzees. But I like shared it and it was like a disturbing Oh, I don't remember what it exactly was. What are they gonna learn? Yeah. Oh God forbid the kids learn something that disturbs Them. I was in trouble all the time in school. But How nutty is that thought? Yeah. Like it's a real truth thing. Don't you teach about the Holocaust? Like what the fuck is wrong with you? Don't you teach about Pearl Harbor and Hiroshima? Yeah. Terrible things have happened. Yeah, that's true. Are you gonna not teach about 'em? 'cause they're disturbing. I agree. I agree. That's so ridiculous. I was also You know. Teachers always had it off. I was always in trouble. So it was like, oh, look at her. There's a pic, there's a yearbook where there's a picture of the, the principal in the yearbook and I'm in the picture.


'cause I, I'm there. I get in trouble because I'm always in trouble. Yeah. But isn't it interesting that you now being, becoming a successful person and doing standup, you would see someone like that and go, oh, you're just in the wrong job. Yeah. Like someone's trying to put you in a job at an office somewhere. And that's really not for you. I could never work in a normal office. I I never have. I've worked as a waitress and I was a bad one, but Sure. And I and there's a lot of people out there that say I could never be a standup comedian. Right. Yeah. Yeah. and I, I, I started doing standup 'cause I needed to do standup. I mean, back when I was in LA and I was, my life was just going to shit. I, the bo the boyfriend who got me the cat and we broke up with me. It was shocking. And then I moved into this shitty apartment in shitty neighborhood and I was still waiting tables doing comedy.


And then I lost, I didn't have that enough money for that apartment. So I had to move in with this bartender. I was sort of, sort of, kind of seeing from my California pizza kitchen job, but not like, really. I was like, just 'cause I need to live here. It doesn't anywhere together. Together. It was a mess. I Had no car. I was like riding the bus. I got scabies from the bus. Like it was, it was a bad, it was a dark time. Right. And, but I would get on stage and I would talk about it. Right. And that made me feel some sense of power over the things that were making me feel, feel powerless. Right. and I was like, oh, I really like this. Yeah. I could make fun of this shit. And people would be laughing. You know, I would talk about, about how broke I was and people would be laughing and I'd be like, oh, I'm created something outta something that I felt like was gonna destroy me.


Yes. And it's the classic story. Yeah. Like every, like that's the marvelous Mrs. Maisel story. That's the Lenny Bruce story. It's the classic story. Yeah. People going on stage and going, what the fuck is wrong with my life? They're going, Ah, Yeah. They'd be like, Hey, I think I'm onto something. Yeah. Yeah. It really, yeah, it really was a, a mess. And, but then I I I kept being gravitated toward that. I mean, even the shit bag thing. I mean, so, so Jim Norton, who I love dearly as do I Yeah. Yeah. He's ka he's great. He's the best. He's the best. I did his radio show after the first book came out talking about my shitbag and he was like, You know ka he is like, he's a human being. I'm really sorry that happened to you. But as a comedian, I am jealous.


and I do have a lot of material from that You know, I'm sure because it, a lot of people doesn't happen to I'm sure. I'm Sure. But, and it's so, I think it's so much better to have that people say it's like, oh, it's not like it's so much better to have that than to like, let your trauma define you and try to like lord it over other people. Yeah. Like, you can't say this thing because this thing happened to me. Right. No, that's Not But you can do that. Yeah. Some people just don't have that same psychological makeup. Which is my original point is that there's a lot of people out there that shouldn't be doing regular jobs and just giving 'em Ritalin. I don't think's the answer. Yeah. Like if you're saying that you can go outside and you can play with bugs and lizards and shit and you're fascinated loved it.


Like that's what normal people are supposed to be doing. It's so abnormal to be sitting in a room with artificial light at a desk where you're not supposed to move talking about shit that's not interesting to you. That's normal for a kid to rebel against something like that. I was a hellion though. I mean, I got like, I didn't wanna do math and I started chanting like, no more math. I got on the table. Like I got in trouble for inciting a riot is what they said. And my dad was like, she's six years old. Like, this is not bad. I was just like, I was a disaster. I mean, you were fun. I was fucking fun. That's the thing. I was invited to everybody's birthday, but they wanted me there at least. you know what I mean? I'm still, I'm still fun. I'm a fun person. It's not a Bad thing, but it's just, the problem is the environment of schools is terrible for kids. But I kids have a lot of fucking energy.


But I needed school. I I I was valedictorian in my high school. There were 10 of us. So it was everybody who had a 4.0. But I needed to do well at school because I knew my parents couldn't afford to send me away to college. So I'm kind of like, if I wouldn't have been on these drugs, would I have been able to do well enough at school? 'cause I'm not getting a sports scholarship. You know, would I have, or maybe I would've just gone straight to college. I don't know. Mm. But I, I had to study. I had to be good at school in order to have the success that I did in turn, at least academically. Mm. But then after I graduated from college where I had a full scholarship, I You know, obviously couldn't afford grad school. So then, But listen, I'm li I'm hearing you talk right now and you're not on stimulants and you're obviously very smart. So why are you saying that you couldn't have gotten a 4.0 unless you were on stimulants?


I don't believe it. I don't know. I feel like I might not have gotten, First of all, we don't know. We don't know. Right. Because You've always been on them, but you're not on them. I always But you're not on 'em right now. Yeah. And right now you're very sharp You know what's funny is there's people in my real life who have known me for decades who have not had a in-person conversation with me off stimulus dec. People I've known my whole life who You know still. That's crazy. And you're meeting me for the first time off Stimulus. But you, you're very sharp and you're very fast. You don't seem like you're slowed down at all. Yeah. I was worried that I would be Okay, but maybe that's just in your head. Maybe. And maybe I don't, you would've gotten a 4.0 either way because you're fucking smart. And maybe all that does is give you speed and you're like, you keep going.


And maybe you would've been more introspective if you weren't on 'em idea. Maybe you would I idea. Look at things slightly differently. Maybe you'd have a more balanced and nuanced take if you weren't on fucking diesel fuel In elementary school With a fire, a fire burning inside your head. You know and I never thought I'd even consider not taking them any day or every day. I never thought I would consider that. Mm. Especially even at the beginning of my pregnancy. But that was also the first trimester, which I was like exhausted. 'cause I was pregnant. Right. I was like, I can't do it anything. Right. and I ran. So when you went in, you were exhausted at first and then you were on speed as well. Yeah. So I was off speed and pregnant and off nicotine all at the same time. No, but when you found out that you were pregnant, it was 'cause you weren't feeling well.


Right? Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Right. Yeah. While you were on speed. Yeah. I was so tired. Yeah, exactly. That's true. So that's why I was like, I'm still, I was like, I'm not feel good. I think you're just a fast paced person. and I don't, I'm not necessarily sure You. like I'm not a psychiatrist. Listen, No, course not. Don't listen to me. You're Not going to. Well you are my primary care physician. I know you. I'm gonna write your name Down. Know back on as soon as you, you can At least to write. I probably will. But But that's what I'm saying. Like are you sure? Yeah. So at least to write I probably will, but I'm actually Nicotine. But nicotine or speed, I don't know. I mean I'm con that's what I'm saying. I'm con the fact that I'm even con still. I think both. 'cause I'll still have days where I really struggle. Right. and I forget things and I lose things. And I'll, and I'll, and we'll, I'll have this whole plan with my husband and then I'm like, oh, this shit, this is the wrong day.


Like, I'm just like, that's What most people do. That's normal. Not to this extent. It's No, I bet it is. It's pretty bad. It's normal to be a little scatterbrained. It Doesn't I'm more than a little scatterbrained. I know, but you are fine. So like, if I was like, if, if, if I was an ethical doctor, this is water, right? No, that's coffee. This Is, that's coffee. This is water Right here. All right. Cool. If I was an that, that's actually, there We go. Great. Great. If I ethical, I can't have coffee. That's too much. 200 milligrams a day is all you can have. I had like already an Americana today. You're Yeah. If I was an ethical doctor and you came into my office and There was no financial incentive for me to prescribe medication to you, I'd say you're fine. What's wrong with you Kat? Do you know how many people would like kill or take a medication to be in the, the state of mind that you're at all the time.


Like the way you can talk and how coherent you are and how articulate you are and fast paced. Yeah. Your, your thinking's very quick. You don't need anything. Yeah. I Can't Write like this is all in your head, but you can't write bullshit. That's not true. It's just different because you're not high because you, you're not speed it up fucking ashing your teeth and smashing keys. You still can write it. Don't say like, you don't need a medication because writing is complicated. Yeah. Right. I'm Not saying you shouldn't take it. I'm not saying you shouldn't have the ability to, as long as you're not fucking up your baby or You know Right. After all that breastfeeding stuff's done. Right. But the point is, it's like I don't, I think this whole I needed it stuff is nonsense. Well, I, it's, it's, I've, I've started to think that I'm at least might not go back to doing it every single day because I was doing, I was every, every, every day Truly.


Except if I was in the hospital. Well, Wouldn't it be nice to be able to go on a vacation and not have to take speed? Yeah. Yeah. It, it sucks to take speed at the beach. It's not, it's not fun to be on at the Pool. I get it. Why it's, I get how it's been good for you. Yeah. It's been good to you. Yeah. It's, you've enjoyed, you've reaped its benefits, but I don't think you need it. I mean, for you to be here right now, sober in the state you're at. Yeah. You're as like sharp as like most people that I talk to, you're on the ball. Yeah. I mean it's, but I, but I'm scared. I'm You know. I'm gonna be like, would I been better if I was right? But That's crazy too. Talk. Of course. But it's my whole, That's how people stay on heroin. That's my whole life. I'm, I, I was at my first communion on amphetamines.


Like, oh My God, that's so nuts. Like think about all the childhood You know events. Well maybe this baby will be an awesome reset for that. Maybe at the end of the nine months you'll have a completely different perspective. You'll been off of it so long and you realize like, wow, it's actually better. And I think about nicotine every day. I don't think about the medication every day. So I think I'll definitely go back to nicotine. Maybe I'll use it sometimes. Maybe not every day. I'm definitely not. That's What you say next to your two fist babies. I know You got the big lunchbox, Strawberry lemonade. It was great mixing the flavors and all this other shit. So what Is in the oil? What is the best, like let's find you shouldn. Probably call Adam and ask him, but what is the best oil for vapes? That's not as bad for you.


I don't remember. How would you Google, how would we Google this? I don't remember it. How would we google this? Is there a difference in the harm that certain vape chemicals can do? And is there a healthy version? So there Is, and this is, and I know there's one that's really bad and that was when kids were getting their lungs exploded or whatever, But well there's two kids died. Right. So, but that, I did research on this. I spoke to somebody who, for an article or an article from National Review about this, who said that she would be surprised if that chemical was in the nicotine vapes at all because it's pretty much only necessary with THC and that it, it, it was only in like black market THC vapes basically.


That's what I had heard too. Yeah. So, and There was two, two different people had gotten some really tainted THC vapes and died. Yeah. Yeah. Which vaping, THC in general was just like, that's not, that's you never, it's so, it's, so that's my most boomer opinion that I have. Is the weeds too strong? Like It certainly can Be. It's so strong when people are like, Hey, you wanna hit You know? No, because I dunno what's in that. Like the vape is like, who made that? Yeah. Who put that together? Yeah. Who's the chemist? What bathtub did this get fucking cooked up in? Yeah. you know, at least if you're getting the actual cannabis plant You know what it is. Right. And it's strong or it's not strong. You figure that out. You're gonna be fine. You're, you're vaping You know where the fuck that's coming From.


No. A few years ago I was out with my friend and I hit his weed pen and I couldn't feel my legs. I was like, I was like, I mentally felt not high, which is like the opposite. I was going, I mean, I wanted to feel my legs and I wanted to be high. And I'm like, okay. I'm like, I don't know what to do. I'm like, you got, I we I have to leave. Yeah. and I couldn't feel my legs. And then I got back to my apartment and then I felt completely fine. And I'm like, what? So it was just Temporary paralysis. I know. Yeah. Jeez. And I'm like, I have no idea what was in that. And I've never, ever, ever hit a vape weed pen ever again. and I don't think I will. Just, you don't want to be the person that winds up in the news. You Yeah. I thought you were gonna say you don't wanna be the person that has to go home. But Yeah. No You know also Be in the news, winds up in the news 'cause your legs stopped working because you smoke some fucking gas station.


Big and I to tell everyone that I smoked a fucking like ho. Like w Well, how'd you lose your legs? You know there's people in the amputation unit that been to war, whatever. and I like, and I Went to Quickie Mart and I got a vape pen. I ripped A bootleg weed vape pen. I was trying to get high. Is there any benefit to the kind of oils that they use in the homemade robot type vapes? So Googling it just brings up a bunch of websites that are trying to sell me stuff. But what I gather from those is that they're all saying you want something that doesn't have nicotine in it, which is a little Strange. That's not that, that's what we want. Well then you wanna, then you wanna add pharmaceutical grade nicotine. So that might be where the problems come in. Okay. People are making cheap nicotine Right. Additives or something like that.


So you, But what is that word? Diacetyl? Diacetyl free. I, I saw that a few places. Diacetyl, I don't know diacetyl. I'm, am I saying it right? Vegetable, glycerin and propylene. Okay, glycol, go back up again. Go back up again. Says the safest e-juice ratio is one that has less propylene glycol. If your vaporizer allows it, try to use 100% vegetable glycerin, e-juice. I don't know if that's true. That's what Is that? These are not from any great sources. I could The wrong people's. Right. But when they're saying vegetable oil, are we talking about like what kind of vegetables? Like Yeah, what's in that? Is it seed oils? Like That's all. Yeah, it just says everything says PG or VG mix. And that's what that means is the vegetable glycerin. Right. But what is that vegetable glycerin made out of?


Is that made out of like canola oil? Like what does it made out of? I don't, because I know someone was making it with MCT oil and they were trying to tell me that this is the safe version. Some dude with a robot And I love. I mean listen, look, T oil and my vapes found totally healthy. If I found that, I mean, I, I don't think it's totally healthy or I would be doing it. I mean if I found out I was dying, I'd begin to vape immediately. Here It says VG is generally recognized as safe by the US Food and Drug Administration. But to inhale, but hold on a second. As VG is vegetable based has a much lower toxicity than pg or so it's propylene glycol or nicotine. So it's safe to use an Eliquis for vaping. Of course though, like many things, there's a potential for allergic reaction. But what's it made out of?


Vegetable glycerin. What is vegetable glycerin made out of Google that? I just wanna know what they're using. Like what, what plants? What vegetables? Clear odo. Sweet Tating liquid made from the vegetable oil such as palm soy or coconut. Okay. Palm terrible for you. Soy terrible for you. Yeah. Coconut not bad. Coconut's good for you. So it's like dependent upon what kind of oil you get. You're spraying the inside of your lungs with some shit that's generally not good for consumption. Like palm oil is supposed to be bad, bad for consumption. Canola oil's bad for consumption. It causes inflammation. Vi vegetable glycerin is made by heating triglyceride rich vegetable fats under pressure or with a strong alkali such as lie.


That's the shit that they used to get rid of bodies. Isn't that how you liquefy? Yeah. Lie is nasty. It's like how people would straighten their hair out too. That stuff Process yesterday. The castor and the, the, was it beaver stacks or something? Right? Right, right. It's a flavoring in cigarettes. I was finding, oh My god. Yeah. I was trying to figure out which cigarettes use it. But Chris Harris was telling us that he drank this alcohol. That they didn't tell him what was in it. It was a shot. And inside the shot was a essence of beaver. Okay. It turns out it's a secretion from the beaver's anal gland. Ew. And it, it was in his mouth for 10 days. He couldn't get the taste of it out of his mouth. But But why do you drink that? He didn't know what It was. He was show top gear.


Okay. And they You know he is traveling in some other country. Look, this is one of the local things. And he drank this and he, it stayed in his mouth for 10 days. There was like, benefits I get it. There's no benefits. But if there's no, It's a flavor, It's a flavor that they add in liquor. Probably Jesus. If There was Cinnamon or vanilla hint. Well, We Saw it with the vodka. Right? They had beaver castor vodka. So what is MCT oil in vapes? Google. MCT oil in vapes. See if that's legit because this guy was trying to, which is essentially like coconut oils and stuff Like that. MCT medium change gig. But just, yes. That's, so this thing says it's just, it's trying to find any heating triglyceride rich vegetable fats. Right. So any, But see if someone does it, if they're trying to promote it as a healthy alternative to normal vape oils, MCT oil in in fat in vapes, the Very first thing that came up was from weed maps that says occasionally vaping MCT oil may or may not be harmful to the lungs.


That's so Helpful. Just just keep it on the vague side. Kids. But I feel like also people who say that it's fi I mean they're probably really addicted to it. Which I get it because I've been there. I've been there. It's, it's the best. If I not, I was dying Aerosolized and inhaled MCT oil could be harmful to respiratory health. Michigan's banning them. Mic Michigan's banning 'em. But okay. When you hear Michigan's banning 'em, I go, okay, but did another industry tell Michigan that they're bad so they can sell their fucking bullshit oil vapes. Like there's so much fuckery going on with all this stuff. Especially these unregulated things. Yeah. Here it goes. Can cause lipid pneumonia.


Oh boy, that's not good. Yeah. Oils When heated and inhaled oils can cause lipid pneumonia. A serious lung condition. Yeah. I knew a family in California and their kid got pneumonia. He was vaping every day and he wound up dying. He was like really 19 years old. Oh. yeah. Apparently he was just vaping constantly six Years ago. It's the current articles show that MCT oil combined with CBD has increased health benefits. But Yeah, That's, it says even and I don't know. It's very tough. It's so hard to know what's true and what's not true. Yeah. It's just so much fuckery. Yeah. I have no idea. You have no idea. You Have no, it's so hard to know. And I, I actually was a person who trusted be in terms of like doctors more in terms of then Covid happened and it's like, I don't know how you do.


I know I don't. I was, I don't know how you, I mean I I know it's was years. I'm still not over it. Well there's just too many doctors that have a, a financial interest in following whatever the company line is. And with certain things, they're not allowed to prescribe medications because those medications aren't as profitable as the ones that they're promoted to prescribe. I wanted to bring this up then. She said since we don't know, I was gonna bring it up earlier while We were talking about it. This says that nicotine replacement therapy could be okay during pregnancy. Well it's safer but it's safer than smoking. Than smoking. Yeah. There's no way I'm ripping darts while I'm pregnant. Okay. There's, I think that's for people who are like gonna be ripping. They're like, listen, if rather than smoking cigs have nicotine gum, That's such a dude thing to say.


'cause dudes can't have kids. Jamie's like, whoop. So he says it's fine. And my husbands still, I'm trying to find something. Help husband. He still vapes. So he still vapes. Oh wow. And it's, you know, wow. But I'm like, I'm, you know, I can rub that in his face A little bit that I quit. But it's Definitely, oh, my friend Duncan, here's a good story. My friend Duncan has diabetes. He has the kind, you get it from diet. Okay. He's a thin guy. Okay. And he found out, he was feeling like shit. Found out he has diabetes. Like, wow, this is fucking crazy. So cut sugar out of his life, all of a sudden diabetes goes away. Feels incredible. It's like, I can't believe how much energy I had. Oh my God. I was poisoning myself all day. And then You know, he ha he has this like glucose monitor thing and the glucose monitor thing is kind of, his glucose is too high and he's trying to figure out what it is.


It's vaping because all those flavored vapes have sugar in 'em. Oh. So every time he is taken a vape off this gas station bullshit, got Diabetes from vaping. He's probably got diabetes from vaping. Yeah. That's crazy. Sugar as well. But he's vaping. Yeah. all day. So he's pumping the sugar into his system. And so he realized after he cut all the sugar out, that he was still a, his sugar levels would go crazy. And it was because of vaping. So as soon as he stopped that, it went all normalized. Su Well, sugar is crazy. It's crazy. I've gotten into Sugar A little bit, which sounds insane to say, but I never, like, now that I'm pregnant, it's like what dopamine is there available for you?


Right? Not that much. So I'll, I'll get dessert, but I feel like I, I got a pumpkin Spice Frappuccino last weekend. Okay. The smallest one available. It's 12 ounces. I drank this thing, I immediately, I was like, we have to go home. I don't feel good. and I laid on the couch and I slept for three hours. Right. If you're not used to it, that's a Coffee. I know. I was so sick. And I've gotten into, I was, last night I was, There was like, I was on the phone, should I get dessert? And he was like, well, every time you do and then you're really sick. So maybe, Have you seen the blizzard when that guy takes the blizzard from Dunking Donuts and he puts it next to a clear Oh, The donuts to Show you how much. So no, it's that drink, that frozen coffee drink. Yeah. And that frozen coffee drink has so much sugar. Yes. And he puts like the clear cup next to it.


So you can see how much sugar. Yes. It's 183 grams of sugar. Do you think there, I mean, is that Right? I think that's right. There's a lot. It was Dunking Donuts wasn't a Yeah, it was. Yeah, it, yeah. Dunking Donuts blizzard. That's what it is called. Blizzards from Dairy Queen. Oh, It's called it. It's like, It's the Dunking Donuts one called, I don't know, some giant Milk. It's like a frozen, frozen pumpkin Swirl thing. It has videos on the screen. Okay. Okay. So this is it. So this, it says Dunking Donuts doesn't say what the thing is, but it's some kind of a sugary coffee type. That's Beverage. That's so gross. Sorry. Dairy green for tainting the name of your wonderful blizzards, Which I'm sure has no sugar in it. So look, that guy's showing you all the sugar that's in that thing, that's so insane to take that much sugar in a drink at all that sugar.


But people do It all the time. Yeah. Look at that stack of sugar cubes. That is so bananas. That's 181. So it's 34 teaspoons or 51.5 cubes of sugar. Holy Jesus. It's a giant drink though too. Yeah, yeah. But it's also got ice in it. Yeah. if you get rid of all that ice, how much of it is all sugar? It's like you're just drinking sugar and ice and you, You see people walking around with those and I, I'm like, where are you going to the hospital For Diabetes? 'cause I couldn't be going anywhere after having Right. So like, are you drinking this? It's afternoon right now. Well, people get used to the sugar. Yeah. And then the sugar doesn't make 'em crash as much. Yeah. Because I don't do that. But if I do, like if I have like a milkshake, I'll be like Oh.


yeah. Like it hits me because I don't eat it all the time. Yeah. But some people eat it all day long and they just, their body just gets accustomed to it. Just like alcoholics. Alcoholics. Yes. It's, it's very similar honestly. Very. It's very similar. Very Similar. It's a real addiction. Sugar's a real addiction. Yeah. And it's everywhere. It's in everything. It's in so many different foods that it doesn't need to be in. But it makes more addictive. I know. and I think it's so interesting with all the things I'm advised to do, like being, they don't really say like, oh, you shouldn't have a bunch of, I'm sure that's bad. I'm sure it's bad. I'm sure it's ter terrible to have a bunch of dessert. Yeah. You Should be eating organic food, eating Healthy food, Just eating really healthy, essential fatty acids, eating lots of salmon things along those lines. But yeah, they don't, nobody cares about that. Nobody, nobody talks to you about sugar.


No, they don't. They're like, don't have sushi. Don't have Turkey. Don't have, Oh, by the way, that's a problem. Yeah. There's the cat. The cat you Have, I had him tested for Toxoplasmosis. Doesn't have, he doesn't have it. Oh, that's crazy. Which I was, I was so like, I mean I thought for sure if you had it, I would have it. Right. Because he sleeps under my chin every night. Oh. yeah. But I actually, we also have a very expensive litter box. We have a robo that cl Oh, one of those, It's called the, no, it's called the Litter Robot. I've seen those Do You Know that it not only self cleans, it sends data to my phone in real time. So every time he uses the litter box, I get an alert on my phone letting me know. That's hilarious. How much he weighs. Wow. Yeah, because I used to have to weigh him myself to monitor.


Oh. Because basically if, if he gets overweight, he gets diabetes, he's going down. He can't, he has cardiomyopathy. He has, which is a heart thing. He has, if I was Your husband, I'd be sneaking food. Yeah. You like, I'd be giving that cat ice cream. This cat. I know. He's so patient. I'm like, I don't know how he's like, he's like, the cat's not even a nice cat. I'm like, I know, but You know. He has herpes too. The cat. Oh boy. Which I was really, it's a, it's a respiratory thing in cats. And because the first time he was, I was confused at first too. I called, I the vet called me and told me, and I was like, but he's a virgin. And they were like, okay. It's, it's like they pick it up as kittens. Mm. And it's causes them to get a cold that comes and goes.


Oh. So he take some medication called virals. Boy, he takes that one also. How Often does he take That? Every day? Mixed into his food. He has a probiotic mixed into his food. If you didn't give it to them, what would happen? Every now and then? He'd get a blister. No, it's not. It's me. Respiratory. He sneezes and coughs. How bad enough Where it was like on the pillow in the morning. Like gross Oh. yeah. Gross. Oh, gross. It was just, I was like, oh, it's just, Just the pills. You fucking Just herpes. But then he also, he takes steroids every day too. Oh boy. And Whew and a heart medication. Oh boy. I Know. That's A lot. I know. It's, I listen, but I will do, I would do, I would keep him on. The thing is, if I, if you could do a ventilator, like I would, IM not Which clone Him.


I, the thing is, is no, because he sucks You. know what I mean? Like, but would He suck if you had him from a baby? I don't know. Maybe it wouldn't suck. Maybe it wouldn't suck if you had him as a kitten. If you didn't have all the trauma. Yeah. I guarantee you that's, there's a switch that goes in those feral cats that never really shuts off. No, it's weird. It's a weird switch because like, it exists in certain animals. Like there's, when they go feral, they just never come back. Yeah. There's just a giant difference between like domesticated cer, certain domesticated animals and feral cats are the best example. 'cause feral cats are so different. Domesticated cats are wonderful. Like, can't you do a buddy pet their head up? Yeah. Yeah. That They sit in your lap. They touch your legs and go up like this up and down with their little claws.


Yeah. It's cute. Yeah. He'll do that. But then he'll just bite you. Yeah. Like he'll decide something. Piss em all. I like I said, not a feral cat used to do that too. But the difference in between that and an actual cat in the wild is profound. Yeah. Like, they know no one's looking out for them. And that switch has already gone off. They're not being taken care of. That's, that's true. But you took care of him from the time he was a baby. It'd be interesting. Maybe it'd be a good cat, Maybe. I don't know. I have no, Would you be willing to do that to clone him? Or would you think some pet cemetery shit would go down? Oh No, not that. I think it'd just be so hard. 'cause what I love about him is like all the, the shit we went through. Oh. you know? Okay. Right. He's, he, he was with me part of your history through everything. Right. And You know from You know, going through all that shit in LA and then he lived with me in dc which is a horrible place.


And then You know New York and everything. So I, So he's like symbolic. It's the time in my life. I, I dedicated my first book to him, him and Joan Rivers. It was him and Joan River Rivers, neither of whom can read this. That's what I dedicated To. Joan Rivers has my favorite, my favorite conspiracy theory. The, the real kooks believed that they took out Joan Rivers when she said Michelle Obama was a man. Yes. Yes. That conspiracy. Yeah. people were like, look at this video. Look at this video. She says this. And then what happens? It's so funny. Those, those fucking the really loony conspiracy people. Oh, they're Hilarious. They're so, there's so much entertainment in that. That's one of my favorite ones. Oh, That's Joan Rivers.


She was 80 years old. Yes. She's Getting plastic surgery. Plastic surgery. I know For like the 80th time. Like, that shit is so bad for you. I know. Getting put under is so bad for you. I know. And when you're 80 it's so dangerous. But It's probably addictive to get all that shit done. I, I mean, I've, I've not had plastic surgery, but when I get old, I might want to like, I might wanna get like a facelift. Well, the, I think in the future you won't have to do that. I think they'll have a, an ability to regenerate skin tissue and make your skin much healthier. There's, they're for sure they're already doing these things where they microneedle your face and cover your face. I've done that with exosomes. I've done that. Yeah. That I've done. But you, that Has a significant impact. Red light therapy has a significant impact in your skin elasticity and your collagen.


But I, I think in the future, they're gonna be able to regenerate tissue and I think they're pretty close to that. Yeah. I don't think you're gonna need to get your fucking lizard face off. I mean, I'll do it though. and I get, I What creeps me out though, when women get a mouth, it's too big. Yeah. Because they get joker face because their, their fucking face is being pulled sideways. So like here. Yeah. So they have a smile and they always show some gum. I know. I think it's addictive. I think you get like A little bit more and A little bit more. And then you don't realize how crazy you start to look. Well, it's for sure body dysmorphia. Yeah. you know, it's the same as people who have anorexia, the same as people who are bodybuilders, who think they're tiny. It's all people have a propensity to develop. At least certain people do this kind of disease where you don't see yourself as other people see it.


Right. And it can get real weird if you start doing stuff to your face. Yeah. Like we, we played a video compilation of this. These, these two brothers, I don't know what they do. They're famous for some reason, but super handsome when they're young, like handsome, good looking like model, look like model. And as they got older, they started shooting shit in their face. And then they became like, yeah. Like pinwheel from saw. Yeah. Like the whole thing is like super bizarre. And if you see the madness take place, like over the years, like here. So this is what they look like. Oh. yeah. This is what they look like now. But let me show you what they used to look like when they were young. Look, Why do they Yeah, that's, ah, They were just good looking guys. See if you can find a video of the guy over the years, because the video over the years is wild because you get to see his face moving.


You know. And you see him and you go, oh, he is like a good looking guy. Like good looking. Normal guy. Yeah. So this is, this is then when they're already fucked up. Right. But this is then when they're younger. Look, call back to that real quick. Look at that. The Good looking. Good looking guys. Very good looking. Very good looking like genetic lottery type shit. Yeah. Like model type. Like right there, great looking guy. And now look at him. They look insane. Yeah. Instead of just looking like an old, like Kevin Costner, just an older handsome man. You know. Well It's also like, so I like You know and I'm very proud of having been on TV for 10 years. I have my original lips, I have my original teeth. Congratulations. Which is like a big deal. People get like the big, there's a lot of bad veneers going around. Yeah. Like a lot of really bad.


There's probably a lot of good ones though. Of course. But, but you don't notice. I like, so my mom died. It'll be 10 years in November. I like that. I kind of look like her. If I fucked up my face too much, I probably wouldn't look like her anymore. Right. Like I, I like to look like myself. Yeah. That's a good Thing. And, but I, I, I, I don't know. I mean people you always think usually maybe A little bit and then people go more and more and more. I mean, maybe when I, I don't like, It's a dangerous road. And when actresses do it that it fucks up their career. I think it does. Well it does for like some, because they go away. 'cause they don't look like the same person anymore. Exactly. Like the girl from Dirty Dancing, Jennifer Gray. I've never, I've never seen Dirty Dancing. What? I've never seen any movies. Ah, I've, The only movies I've ever seen is I've really, I watch Happy Gilmore over and over again.


You don't see any movies other than Happy Gilmore. So I've seen Billy Madison. How Much Adderall were you doing while you watching Happy Gilmore? No, I've seen, I just, movies are long. Okay. So I don't, I mean, but I, I I've seen that's her, so she got her nose fixed. This is like her older, but when she was younger, she had this very prominent nose and then she got it fixed and like she was unrecognizable. It's Cool to look different from everybody else in some way, But Yeah. But the problem is when everybody knows you as the person who looks like that, like Barbara Streisand. Right. If Barbara Streisand got a nose Job, got nose job, It would be crazy. Right. Like, what, what, what are you doing? You're not Barbara Streisand anymore. Right. We love the old you. That's what we like. we don't want you doing that. That's nuts. You're changing the shape of your nose and it's really obvious.


Yeah. Yeah. That's, I I, I do recognize her, but It's crazy when dudes do it. Yeah. Like politician dudes. Yeah. And all of a sudden they got that frozen Forehead. Wasn't that Matt Gates that All of a sudden you got this, the eyebrows are up and his forehead's not moving. Like, hey Brown. He looked really real housewives. Yeah. Like, Hey bro. Yeah. Oh, you just look different three weeks ago. Yeah. You can't do that. Who told you you should do that? Yeah. I don't know who told Who. Why are you scared of a brow movement when you're a man? Especially as a man that's, I don't get why men do it at all. Because men are allowed to get old, men are allowed. You know with women it's a, it makes a little more sense. Men. It's like if you are 80 You, like you can have a girlfriend who's 30. It happens all the time. Right. But women not so much And people cheer it on, like, Which is, It's hilarious.


Yeah. Yeah. It's like when, when You see Rupert Murdoch with whatever his latest wife is, everybody Does it. And she's 30 years old. Everybody did like, yeah. Go Rupert. Everybody do, everybody who's older, it's, it's very common. You don't even have to be that rich. There's a lot of those old rich guys though, that have like bomber wives, like Of course. Yeah. It's crazy. It's crazy to watch. That's Why I say my husband's only two years older than me. So that's actually, I think I'm technically like 10 years older. Right. if you take society into account, he's actually like, I'm a cougar, Right? Yeah. If you're going for a guy that's only two years older than me. Crazy. I know. It's like the in general, especially like with old rich guys, like none of 'em are marrying anybody their age. No.


Wow. I told him, I'm like, babe, I'm like, you're in finance. Your wife's not even born yet. But he said to me, he said that he usually gets bored in relationships. But with me, he prays for it. He prays for boredom. Yeah. He's like, I'm never bored. He's like, it's a nice change. He's like, I wake up every day. I never know who I'm gonna get. That's Oh, that's hilarious. Are you more or less stable off the amphetamines? I less, less, less stable, More I impossible. But Im also pregnant. Right. So I'll be doing shit. I don't know. If it's a pre for example, he'll say something to me. But I'm very self-aware, which is good. I think I'm very Are you sure? I think so. Okay. I think so. I've had a lot of therapy, which I think is helpful. Like when I've needed it.


I don't know, I don't go all the time, but I'll be i'll, he asked me recently if I could pick some things up around like, this is your stuff everywhere. I was like, I'll just leave if you want me to just sleep. Then I'm like, oh my God. Sorry. That was, that was a bit of an overreaction. But I don't know if that's because I'm not medicated or because I'm pregnant. It's Probably A. little bit of both You know. I mean certainly there's something going on inside your body that's significant and then on top of that, you're off speed. Yeah. That's why it'd be interesting for you to wait a little while. I think I'm going to. Yeah. Which I never thought I would. You should. You probably should. You, you might like yourself more after nine months. Yeah. You know because right now you're still in that. The hell of it. It is. And I have, how many months has it been since you stopped? So whenever I found out I was pregnant at the end of May. Okay. So the end of May. So just took a couple of months.


Yeah. Yeah. June, July. Oh. And we're in September now. Okay. Yeah. So three months. Yeah. So this is like a new thing. You know, your body's probably still equalizing, You know and normalizing. Getting down to the regular levels of Totally. And it's weird, when I see myself in the mirror, I still like do a jump scare. 'cause I'm like that. Who's that? Because I was so skinny before, I was really skinny before, now I have like a belly. 'cause I'm supposed to. Right, right. But I do a jump scare A little bit. Really? Yeah. But I'm going back out. I mean, I'm going back, back out on tour when the book comes out. So I'm gonna be, I'm super pregnant, super pregnant five days a week on Gutfeld, two days a week on the road. Wow. So that's gonna be a lot. Are you worried about that? Like, being, becoming exhausted and that that would have a detrimental effect?


I'm worried about being exhausted, but I'm not worried about having a detrimental effect. I mean, because I'm just gonna do it. and I love it. Like, I love being on stage. I love doing what I do. Well, as long as you get enough sleep, You know. Yeah. But it's gonna be tough at the end. It's gonna be, you gotta Do it all the way to the end. Yeah. I'm doing it all the way until I can't fly anymore. So the middle of December. Wow. But I You know it's, my husband says he's gonna come with me. His, his joke, he, he has like a couple joke, he has like five jokes and one of them is, he's like, I'm gonna come. So she has someone to yell at. That's his bit. He has a few jokes. He's in the military. What else does he say? He loves? He loves when people ask him if he's ever been hunting. 'cause then he gets to say just people. Yeah. It's Another one. People like that one. Yeah.


He likes that one. I'm trying to think what else. He's got like a five solid bits that he does. But You know It's crazy that you're gonna do it all the way up until nine months. Yeah. That's, that seems why not just like, stop doing it like six because I, I, because I, it's gotta be Rough. I'm a person of extremes. I'm always like, I wanna take it to the limit every single time. and I also, even while You're pregnant, like what if you give birth prematurely when you're on the road? I don't think I will. Oh, well you've had a lot of experience having babies, so I don't, but they said, so they said I shouldn't fly past 34 weeks. Right. So that would be December 28th ish. And my last show is I think December 15th. Okay. So that's, I'm just listening to what they're telling me.


Well, that's good. But I, and I also, I think it's gonna be, I I really like the, I'm, I'm really passionate about the subject matter. you know, I'm, I'm, I love doing the shows and it's, why wouldn't I do it other than You know what you just mentioned. It, it is funny that people would instantly wanna label you as a right wing person. Yeah. Because you're on Fox. Yeah. And then also it's funny that just people do that anymore. Yeah. Whatever they did when they first created Fox. 'cause the Fox was essentially the first real opinion based news source that was very right wing. Right. That was on television. And then that gave the rise to, or at least gave some of the motivation to places like CNN to develop these editorial based shows and opinion based perspectives that really annoyed and polarized so many people.


And it used to be that There was certain stations that would have objective news and you would get objective news. Right. And you would have right wing people given their perspective and left wing people. Look, gore Vidal and William F. Buckley debated live on television multiple times in a row. And it was like one of the biggest events on TV at the time. Like, people were allowed to have differing opinions and they'd be on a show and we would let them talk things through. Yeah. And even then, I'm sure it was polarized. It's always going to be, people are always gonna be tribal. But today it's so much more ridiculous that at any time I could ever remember in my life. Well, I think that one of the bigger prob biggest problems with today is not just that there's a lack of independent thinking, but that people have difficulty even perceiving it when it happens.


Right. So if I say something that is critical of Kamala, then people are like, oh, she's maga she's super maga. Or if you say something critical Trump, then it's like, oh, well you're a communist and you're gonna vote for Right. And they don't even perceive that, hey, maybe someone could be this other thing where they just kind of don't fall into either camp and I get that people Yeah. 'cause people Do. But maybe just have a point. Yeah. And just listen to what the point is. But it's, and and the parties don't mean anything in a lot of sense. Like, I've been at Fox for almost 10 years now. So I used to get shit on for, I'm, I'm super anti-war. I'm an anti-war person. I think You know. It's, it's a, a lot of, and I think we know, they lie to us about a lot of these things.


And then we know that people get promoted and they get rich who work in You know they move on from working as generals to working in weapons companies, et cetera. We know all this stuff. But that used to be something that the left would agree with me on and the right would yell at me about. And then it was, Trump was becoming anti-war with the Ukraine and then it was reversed. and I was like, I'm a Trump puppet for thinking and saying the things that I've always thought. Yeah. So it it's just, it people, it's just it's people even notice that though. Right. They don't even notice it as it's happening Because they're really just committed to their tribe. Exactly. It's these blue no matter who people or red till dead people. That's then you can trick them into this is one of the reasons why, like if I was the gram manipulator of the world, if I really believe there's one cabal of super geniuses that's running everything, I would try to see if I could do that.


Yeah. you know, I would say, let's see if we can get the left to support like censorship pro war Yeah. Invasive politics. Like entering into people's homes and classrooms and, and You know siphoning up their information in order to protect trans kids in fucking Detroit or whatever it is. Come up with some fucking reason and make everybody get a part of a centralized digital currency. 'cause that's better for everybody. And put everybody on an app so we know if you're vaccinated, that's the left. That's the left. Yeah, exactly. The left. Like if I wanted to show that people are so easily manipulated that there is no left, there is no Right. It's mostly nonsense. Yeah. It's mostly people just apply. They're just subscribing to a predetermined pattern of beliefs and behaviors Yep.


That they think is good and makes them a part of the tribe. It's exactly what it is. Yeah. It's exactly what it is. and I. 'cause when people, people say, oh, are you moderate you this? I'm like moderate according to what? Right. What are these two pillars that have been set up? Right. They're not, it's not real. Right. And it's always changing. It's, and it goes so far to the left and so far to the right. Yeah. That what, what used to be crazy is now normalized like hormone blockers for kids. Like being able to take away parents' rights because the child wants to transition and they want to be able to do it without the, the parents. Without the parents say. So that to me, And They're 13, 14 years old. So, so the fucking crazy, the stuff with the schools is crazy to me because it's, it shouldn't matter what it's about.


But There was Never been a time in history. We would've, we would've accepted that. No. To say that you can't tell the parents what's going on with the kids at school is to say that the state has more ownership over your kids than you do. Yes. That's some creepy communist shit. It is. And and it's not just creepy communist shit, but it's prescribed. It's like this is what you're supposed to believe in if you want to be a part of the progressive left. Yeah. And then, but then of course the right takes it too far being like drag, no drag queens You know, know, it's, It's, you should definitely be allowed to be a drag queen. But I don't know if you should have drag queen story hour for five-year-olds think when there's no parents around. And Also when the kids can't read or do math is my thing.


Right. I think that all of this stuff, it's also very, I've, I've noticed became more of an argument after CODI think there's a lot of distraction from, hey, these kids lost a lot. Because I think it's, it's so crazy how it's this radical idea to say the Department of Ed, when Trump said department, I'd get rid of the Department of Education. People go, he hates kids. It's like, okay, well look what they did and look what they're continuing to do. I mean, kids are not well are at the results. Exactly. Look At the results in this country. The academic results are terrible. You know There was no school for two years. Some places It just getting rid of a department or disbanding a department doesn't mean you don't fund that thing anymore. But it probably would be better if There was something more competitive. Exactly. Because if you just give it, just like We, were talking about the homeless problem in California.


if you just give it to an organization, institutions, it's a government funded institution, has no obligation to be profitable, has no obligation to be effective. And you just say, we are spending a lot of money on the homeless problem. And what you've really done is just employ a bunch of people and they've done very little. No, And that's, well they've done a lot in terms of probably their own incentives. Right. And their own power and their own. You could apply that to basically infrastructure, education, everything. It's just the same kind of thing. It's like, I'm not this per person that says the free market will figure out everything. But in a lot of cases you'd be better off Yeah. With some competition. So you'd force people to be more effective.


You'd force results. You would have to, you would force people to be accountable for whatever decisions they've made and what the results of those decisions are. Not. There's no accountability. Right. There's no accountability. And that's a real problem in this country. And that used to be something that the left feared, the left used to fear corporate interference and big business. And big government. They used to fear that. Yeah. They, they used to fear all that stuff and now they're all in on it. Yeah. It's so weird. Yeah. And, and, and for me, I'm, I mean I'm a huge, I mean first amendment is so important, right. That's if you don't have that, you don't have anything. Well you don't have A job. You without it. Right. I Don't either. No. Of course I go to ib. I would be in jail a long time ago.


Think About what they're putting people in jail for in England. Just posting things on Facebook. But I get shit from both sides for depending on what I'm defending in terms of the constitu, something being constitutional. I mean with the, obviously with the left, it's like what, what also was crazy to me is people, a lot of the same people were the Trump is Hitler people were also the hate speech laws people. Right. Which is like, how can you think this government that's led by Hitler should be in control of what you can and can't say. That doesn't make sense to me. But sometimes I also flag burning has to be constitutional because you have to be able to like buy a flag. And if you, you can't burn a flag you bought, like, come on. Like that's government protest. You have to be able to do that. I don't like it.


I would never do it. But you shouldn't put people in jail for it. Yeah. Trump said he wants to put people in jail. Jail for A year that Yeah. and I was like, oh dude, it's like You know what I mean? Like he, he, he got shot. He looked awesome when he got shot. I mean he really, I mean I, if I got shot I would not look that cool. Right. Fist, fist pumping wouldn't be like fight. Fuck no, no. I'd be like pretty gangster. Yeah. It was amazing. Yeah. When he got shot, I was like, oh, that he won. I really thought after he got shot I was like, he just won the election. Well I think they did too. That's why they shuffled Biden out and put Kamala In. Yeah, I think so too. Yeah. And they're like, let's just gaslight these motherfuckers into a coma and push this through. Yeah, I think so too. I think so too because 100% if they had a full year of Kamala versus Trump, like a full year of her running and doing interviews who do have a much more and talking.


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We'd have a much more balanced understanding of who she is and how this is gonna look and what it's gonna be like if she becomes president. Absolutely. Because right now people are just riding on gas. Yeah. They're just fucking, they're fucking riding on gas. But it's so powerful the, and you can see it, the everybody's in on her. That's really powerful. People are excited about her. Alexa. Alexa's in on her. Yeah. Ex Alexa's in on her that Alexa thing's crazy Pop culture. You know. Yeah. Everyone's in on it. And it's, it's also we're in this, I hate, I hate election years 'cause it's just like if you don't vote for blank, this whole country is gonna go down. Like Yeah. But both sides say it. Yep. So it's just like it's no, whoever wins, it's gonna be shitty.


And just in different ways and maybe some of the same ways. It's just not. What do you think would be the shittiest, like, not in terms of for the country, but in terms of people's reaction. Do you think more violence will take place if Trump gets in office or more violence will take place if Kamala gets in office? 'cause I anticipate there's gonna be some craziness after the election. Of course. Once someone decides, whoever someone is, whoever's president, whatever. Whenever it gets decided, there's gonna be some madness. Yeah. You gonna be some real madness. Yeah. and I get scared of that kind of stuff too. 'cause I know that a lot of times when people do that, they think they're, they're making a point. But boy, if you're against government control, those kind of like real angry riots and protests are an amazing opportunity for them to clamp down on your rights.


Yes. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. When that happens, it's like, okay, well then we need to correct federalize police and this and that. It's like, it's crazy. I really do. I am concerned about it for the same reasons. For the Absolutely. And it's gonna be bad no matter what in terms of the reaction of the other side. I mean people, I'm not looking forward to it. I'm like, I can't wait for this election to be over. And then I'm like, oh, it's gonna be even worse. So happens. Yeah. It probably will. I mean, especially if, if you believe the conspiracy theories that some of that stuff is funded, like some of that stuff is organized. Some protests and riots, they seem to be organized. Right. and I'm not gonna be a conspiracy theorist, but there is the, a thing called an agent provocateur.


It's always existed and they send people in to disrupt protests and turn them violent and make things chaotic. That's always been the case. Especially if they want to push a, a very specific agenda that You know the people are fed up and they're angry. And so when, remember when the George Floyd riots were going on? Yeah. And they'd find pallets of bricks just laying around. Yeah. Well that was crazy because I Did anybody ever, some people had like reasons for certain bricks being in places. Yeah. But There was a few of them where they're like, people just said that they just got dropped off there and that's exactly where everything popped off. Like why, why are there pallets of bricks? There's never just pallets of bricks Laying around. Yeah. No, I have no idea that, I have no idea.


I if You were gonna organize a riot, wouldn't you just I'd bring some bricks. I'd bring some bricks. I'd leave some for my, for my riot. Yeah. If I was like, look, this is what we're gonna do. We're gonna, we're organizing, we're spending all this money to get these college kids to invest in this, then we're gonna bring in Antifa and they're gonna go crazy and we're handing out masks and then we're gonna leave bricks around. And I also think it's sad because I think that there, there were definitely legitimate points to be made an are about criminal justice, I think. Sure. But boy was that handled the war. I mean, so they go from that to people, to people You know setting buildings on fire and then CNN doing the, you know, mostly fiery but mostly peaceful with the, the famous. It's like, come on, you don't gotta defend that.


Right. you know, like nobody, like people, you look ridiculous. Exactly. But then it got completely bungled. And so in the name of criminal justice reform now it's like people who are actual violent criminals can be allowed out easier. Nobody wanted that. Right. So then now the pendulum's gonna swing in the other direction where You know it's gonna be even more law and order. And it's gonna be, like you said, it's gonna be rights at stake, civil liberties at stake. Which is what this was supposed to be all about to begin with. Well this is the, the ultimate goal of, I mean, again, I'm not saying this is happening, but this would be the ultimate goal of a communist dictatorship. You cause chaos. You step in to stop the chaos.


You install new rules to make sure that there's no more chaos anymore. You protect, you cause a problem. You, you bring up a solution. That solution allows you to gain more control and you just keep doing it. You keep doing it until you have ultimate control over the people. Yeah. And I'm not saying it's happening either, but in general it's moving that way. In general, the fear is used by the government a lot. Right. It's really, I mean even going back to talking about war and oh we national security and you need to do this. Yeah. Next thing You know. I mean, look at the Patriot Act. Yeah. I mean people were like, you have to be able to, to protect you doing this same banning, TikTok, all these things. And you look into what they're really doing and the power that It would really give them. It's like, oh, this isn't about really just banning TikTok.


What did Kamala Harris say recently about Elon Musk and Twitter having to follow the same rules as Facebook? Yeah. What did she Yeah, what did, I didn't know. I didn't hear. What'd she say? It was something, It was some, something about how Elon's gonna have to follow the same rules. Like as Facebook says, who that's so free, first Of all, What? Rules. Rules. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, and also didn't Mark Zuckerberg just come out with a statement saying that he regretted giving in to the government's request to take down COVID-19 information? Yeah. And yeah, and then the laptop, laptop story. Hmm. He just came out with like There was a, a big statement. Yeah.


'cause for a lot of people they were really furious about it. Claim a video clip portrays Harris saying that she will shut down XI don't think she said she would shut it down if she wins 20, 24 ton. And Musk has lost his privileges. The fact that's false. Harris was referring to Trump long before Musk and Twitter rebranded it as X. So is that what she was saying from that video? So was the video her saying that why should Trump, why should Twitter be allowed to have Trump on if Facebook can't have him on? Is that what it is? I, I mean I got what I'm looking for. The video I'm seeing is like 20 within the last 24 hours post save a claim is false.


Right. But that is not what We were talking about though. We were talking about something slightly different. Lemme see if I can find it for You. Object that she would've shut down X Elon. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm not saying that. She said she would shut it down. What I'm saying is that she was saying that Y should Twitter not have to follow the same rules that are being followed by Facebook. Right. What I typed in was Kamala Harris Twitter rules. So that's the videos that were popping Up and I. Yeah. I'm sending it it to you right now, Jamie. Okay. This is what I'm looking for. Okay. So I need to know what she's referring to here. Yeah. But like listen to this statement. Yeah, I think this is from that. Go ahead and play it. Let's see what it says. Hold On.


So she's probably talking about Trump being on Twitter. Is that what it is? She Said she was talking to Jake Tapper. So we'll see if that's what this is. Right. That you can't say that you have one rule for Facebook and you have a different rule for Twitter. The same rule has to apply, which is that there has to be a a, a responsibility that is placed on these social media sites to understand their power. They are directly speaking to millions and millions of people without any level of, of, of oversight or regulation. And that has to stop. Okay. Right away. Yeah. There's no way to misconstrue that. What does that mean? Oversight and regulation for free speech is ridiculous. Yeah, Totally. Just that, just that alone.


There's no way to misconstrue that. Right. What she was saying is what I was thinking she was saying. She was saying they, she wants government oversight and regulation for social media. That's crazy. It's crazy for anyone to want it because if the only reason you want it right is because you, you agree with the ideological bent of the platform. Wait until someone else is in charge of it or wait until there's a different government in charge. It's also saying that the very thing that Mark Zuckerberg regrets Yeah. Should be happening. Like she's essentially saying why should they have different rules for Facebook than they do for Twitter? Like what rules? What Rules? We don't have rules. We have First Amendment rights of free speech. I think it actually is even crazy that he's admitting that You know.


Well I mean good for him. Absolutely. But Trump said something pretty scary for him. He said that if he finds out that he interfered with the election, he's gonna be in jail for the rest of his life. That's pretty Scary. That's pretty fucking scary. Because it's very likely that he might wind up being the president and if he winds up being the president, they start investigating this stuff. If I was Mark Zuckerberg, I'd be pretty fucking freaked out by that statement because it is election interference for sure. Whoever was running Twitter who gave in to the FBI's request to take down the Hunter Biden laptop story, they definitely interfered with the way people voted. Yeah. Because if people found out that that laptop was legitimate and all that stuff was true there, there's a certain percentage, I don't know what the number is, but there's a certain percentage of people that were maybe on the fence and that could have influenced their vote one way or another.


And It would, could have given Trump fuel 'cause he Could have been talking about it. I told you that this was real and they'd been lying. And It would also prove that Biden lied during the debates. I don't understand how anybody didn't think it was real though, because Hunter never even denied. Like he was the, when all those people signed that letter, all those intelligence people, 51 former intelligence agent 51 signed it. Guess who didn't sign it? Hunter Biden. Right, right. That's what I thought from the, I was like, okay, if that was me and someone was saying There was a laptop going around of me, You know doing all this shit, banging all these people on camera and smoking all these drugs, I'd be like that.


I would be in like, that was not me. I would be like You know. That'd be pretty important for me to come out and say that. Well today If it happened today you could claim it was ai. Easy. Yeah. Easy. Well that's out there with everybody, me included. Sadly. Forever. Forever. Yeah. And not only that, it's gonna change and get way more complex And there's nothing you can do about it. Nothing. because you knock it down. It's like whack-a-mole. It's like, then there's another one, then there's another one. There's Nothing you can do about that. But that You know with all this stuff, this talk like that, whatever she was saying right there is not what you want to hear from somebody. No, you don't. You you don't wanna hear. They're gonna censor social media. They were talking specifically about Senator Warren talking about banning President Trump's account and that was her response to it.


Yeah. But she was also talking about oversight. She talked about oversight very specifically and clearly. Yeah. It has the quote right here. Yeah. And What's the rule that she's talking about? The same rule should apply, which there has to be a responsibility that is placed on these social media sites to understand their power. They're directly speaking to millions and millions of people without any level of oversight or regulation. And that has to stop. That's all you need to hear. Like that right there is not something you want to hear from someone who respects the First Amendment. That's not how it's supposed to be. Also, who's they? Right. It's just a collection of people. Not Only that, if you're talking about oversight and regulation, are you talking about the exact same people that were trying to get Twitter and successfully did get Twitter to take down the Hunter Biden laptop story and make it impossible to share that video saying that it was misinformation when it was not.


And if you don't do anything to correct and to hold people responsible that pushed out that misinformation and no one's punished for it and there's no retribution, there's no, there's no repercussions at all. Right. Like what are you saying then? Then what are you saying? It's okay if you side says things that aren't true and you can regulate in a way that's not based on fact or reality, but based on a result that you want to take place. And that's fine. So we we don't have freedom of speech. No, of course not. And Then, then, then you're talking nonsense. This is talking crazy talk. Maybe she believed it was real back then. Maybe she believed it was real. Who knows. Maybe she believed it was important that the gov, but if you got ahold of the Twitter files and you see what Michael Shellenberger and Matt Taibbi and all those people that went through that stuff with a fine tooth comb, the stuff that they found out should make you realize like, no, you can't have the government tell you what you can and can't say.


No, it's not, they don't always tell the truth. They're often influenced, sometimes you have rogue actors. You probably have one or two people that's responsible for making the call to Facebook or to Twitter. So it's on them. It's on these people with whatever fucking influence that they have and what whatever people are talking to them behind the scenes, We can't Have that kids. It's bad for everybody. Yeah. And the just the idea of that there's certain information that's misinformation is just the government government sanction information and Yeah. But They can't even let you debate it. No. They want you to stop it as soon as they want you to stop it. The only solution to bad information is good information. Yeah, of course. That's how it's supposed to be. If they wanna stop you from saying something and then it turns out that what you were saying was true, no one should trust them ever again.


There should be some sort of a comeuppance and there's no comeuppance, there's no discussion of it. It's never talked about. It's just plowed on through. And we move on to the next thing with no acknowledgement at all that you guys fucking bullshitted us and lied to us for Years, over years. And Then and now you want to control social media to stop lies. And the lab leak theory is one that really, I mean people's careers were destroyed over being like maybe this virus came from this lab full of viruses where it was found right outside of Yes. And they were like, you fucking crazy ass. Yes you should. But it was only because certain information was seen as acceptable and sanctioned and certain information was seen as not. Well, It's way creepier than that.


Of course There Was a vested interest actually suppressing it. Yeah. No, I get it. There's a business behind it. And they used their money and their influence and their control of the media to fuck you. You got bullshitted. You got bullshitted by business and business. They got together with media and they all had a plan. What are you playing, Jamie? What are watching over there? That More bullshit? It's just, there's so much bullshit but also less bullshit if you think about overall, because there's way more truth now, right? Like you get way more independent journalism than we've ever had Yeah. Access to in the history of the human race. And you get so much of it.


So you get all this media propaganda and mainstream bullshit. But on top of that, you get a lot of Jimmy do you get a lot of independent people that are telling the truth. You get the Glenn Greenwald, you get the Matt TBIs. Yeah. You get all these people that are just telling you Michael Shellenberger telling Barry Wise, telling you what the fuck is actually going on and not attached to some large corporation. Yeah. But it's also saying the government is the only one that's allowed to be wrong. Right. Because if what they say is misinformation turns out to be true, as was so many things, that's okay. Right. But it's not just wrong. You were lying. Of course, of course. Like Fauci being like, oh, we made up six feet. Like yeah, we didn't really know. It's, it's just actively lying. Yes, absolutely. The, there's a difference between being wrong about something and, and just lying and then getting truth removed.


You know and shaming doctors from Stanford and Harvard and, and and making them out to be kooks some of the people that were the top of their field. Yeah. And they had dissenting opinions because they're experts. Yeah. And they're watching this bullshit go down by bureaucrats and they're like, you motherfuckers And people say, what are you doing? Like, just stay home. That drove me nuts. I feel like, how can you say that? When you're still at work? When you're still at work. Right. I i I mean I was lucky to still have my job. Yeah. And people had to shut down. Even New York's not the same anymore as it used to be because a lot of these businesses closed down forever. What made New York so special was a lot of those small businesses, restaurants, things like that, they can't afford to be open and just not have customers for that long.


So now a lot of that's like Dunking Donuts. Are you seeing the difference in New York with the spike of immigrants? I haven't reallys I don't go outside that much though. There was some recent statistic about the percentage of violent crimes, robberies and assaults that were created by migrants, illegal immigrants that are in New York right now. Yeah. I'm not familiar with that. I mean, I also truly don't go any, like, I I go to work in my apartment and that's pretty much it. I was Gonna read the article, but I saved it. See if you could find it though, because I thought it'd be an interesting thing to talk about. Like at what point in time, like I know that Eric Adams, the, the mayor is like, stop coming here, go somewhere else. And Kathy Hoch is like, get outta here, go somewhere else.


But you still have a sanctuary city and you still are paying them to stay there. Well that's the thing that gets me is I'm somebody if if you are nonviolent you wanna come contribute to our economy, then I think you should be welcome to do so. But the incentives where you're paying for things, Here it is immigrants, it's on New York post migrants flooding New York City's justice system making up 75% of arrests in Midtown as pathetic sanctuary city laws handcuff cops. Yeah. I saw this thing where someone was complaining to these cops about someone doing something illegal and they said we can't arrest them because this is a sanctuary city and they're migrants. So like they you just do wild. It was somewhere in Colorado.


So like you could just do wild things and no one could do anything because you, you're in a sanctuary city And I, it's, I think it's terrible, I think, but shouldn be very simple. I think that if you wanna come contribute to the economy and, and you're nonviolent, you should be free to do so. I don't think we should be paying people. I mean, to come over to the cities, What do you think they're doing? Yeah, that's what they're doing. What Do you think they're doing though? Why do you think they're doing it this way? I don't, I mean like, there's many explanations. There's a bunch of conspiracies and then there's also the idea of people not wanting to sound, not wanting to be called xenophobic. Yeah. But if you not wanting to be called xenophobic doesn't mean you have an open border. The idea of just completely abandoning any idea of security concerns. Yeah.


I think it could be more. I, it's sad because there are people who wanna come here and work and should be able to and have problems Oh. yeah. That can't come here. But then there's people who just, it's not even the problem. You don't even blame the come here, you get a free this, you get free, that free place to stay. Why wouldn't these people all come? Right. Do you think they're bringing them in here to buy votes though? I don't. I I have. I'm not convinced That's the most interesting one. Right. I'm Not convinced by that. Well, Nancy Pelosi was on Bill Maher and she was talking about providing a path for them to all be citizens. And that's what she wants to do. Make 'em document it, document them. Aren't a lot of people from these countries conservative though Too? Well, it depends on which countries from Cuba for sure. Yeah. There's definitely people who are also conservative. But the thing is, most people look out for the best interest and you can buy them.


I mean, if you are the party that let them through and gave them money and allowed them to establish a foothold in America, now their family's here and they're doing much better. Well you would definitely vote democrat. 'cause they're the people that hooked you up. That just seems like a natural human incentive without even having to bribe them to do it. If you're giving them loans and helping them get houses and making it so they can vote and giving them a clear path to citizenship, that seems like if I came here from Guatemala and I didn't know a lot about our political system and the people that hook me up, I'd stick with them. So you probably are gonna get a, a higher percentage of those people that if you can ever do this and create a path with these people who are illegal immigrants and enter, enter into the country illegally can get a quick bath to You would have a lot more voters.


A lot. You'd Have a lot. I I mean it doesn't seem, it sounds crazy to say, but it doesn't seem crazy to try. if you are trying to figure out a way that you can win and win in the future, like almost every time, wouldn't You like just bring in voters? I mean I I've heard, I've obviously heard the argument before. I'm not su I'm just not, I'm not super convinced by it. I think that there's a many other things that play into it. But in general, my problem is with the extremely large welfare state in general and where the money goes and how bad the government is at spending money. Yeah. I mean, because it's, it, it's also, I, same thing as California's in New York. I mean there's been so much money spent, was it in Bloomberg or or excuse me, de Blasio's wife that was in charge of like the homeless mental health initiative.


You know, weren't they missing a bunch of money? It's like I'm sitting there, I used to live in Hudson Yards and my husband and I are sitting in this. We, we've since moved, but we're sitting there We, were looking down in the park watching like some dude get a blow job from You know some crack head blowing someone else. And it's like, I feel like the, there, there's a lot still going on here with this mental, where's my money all going? Right. In general, and I feel like with You know immigration, I think also the two sides, there's a lot of incentives that people get from politically. Yeah. You know gets, think about the dreamers, he Gets labor. Here's the thing about cheap labor, and this is what Tim Dylan's been saying. He said he's like, he thinks they're bringing in cheap illegal labor.


And that's why construction businesses, like if you kicked out all the illegal immigrants, he was like a lot of construction business to be fucked. Yeah. They'd be fucked. And he said there's a lot of people that don't want those jobs anymore. And they're sneaking in people to fill those jobs. He, he thinks that's part of it. And that makes sense. But did you ever see that documentary Wild, wild Country? It's fucking great. It's on Netflix and it's all about this cult that put together this compound in like the Pacific Northwest. Okay. And one of the things they did is they brought in homeless people by the buses. They, they found all these homeless people. You can be a part of our community. And these homeless people get there. They're like, wow, finally I have a place and I belong.


These people were all psyched. They belonged to this community. And then they voted. So they took over the whole town by busing in voters. So they brought in these, they just grabbed homeless people from everywhere and they integrated into the community. That's a South Park episode. They had them, they had them vote, but they really did it. Yeah. They had, this is like in the eighties or nineties. So they had them vote and what year was that? What year did that take place? it might be the two thousands. Anyway, had them vote and then once they took over the town, they kicked all the homeless people out. Get the fuck outta here. And the homeless people were like, I thought you loved me. I Thought it was a part of the team. And these people, like for once in their life, they had direction. They had meaning. They were part of a community. They're trying to get off the dope. They're feeling better about themselves chanting and really believing all this thing these people are talking about.


And they really just used them. They were Political pawns. Yeah. Well it's the same thing as remember how the Dream Act, the Dreamers was like such a big deal. Yeah. When Trump said he was gonna remove the protections and, but then, okay, so why have they not been protected now? So why has there been no bill? They, they've, if everybody cares so much people, they don't care. That's like the, that's like my overarching belief is it's just that politics, they just don't care about you. That it makes people fight in their real life with people on the behalf of people who that don't even care you exist. They can't, they can't care. There's too many people. I mean, just imagine wanting that job, first of all. No, I can't. And then imagine like the stress of how is Trump doing it at 78 years old?


Like, how is he dealing with the stress of doing this? No. Like, and He's doing podcasts and it's like, what The fuck man? How do you He started a podcast with Theo, but he, the PO podcast with Theo was amazing. It was amazing. Yeah. He did one with Lex yesterday. So it's just like, how do you have the energy to keep the fuck that job? And then I would never And how can you ca you, you can care as much as you want about, you could try to care, but there's so many things to care about. Yeah. There's so much going on and everything's a fucking fire. Everything's on fire. The economy's on fire. International relations on fire. The economy. I went, I mean I, I went and got two coffees and two shitty sandwiches with my husband the other day.


Shitty ones. You know the ones that are pre-made and you just heat 'em in the heat. It was over $60. What? Yeah. Is that New York City? Yeah. Fucking get outta there. I Why do you, why are they doing that there Work and that's it. Why are they But why I is fuck stupid. I, it's why don't they move their fucking business to Connecticut Somewhere? I'm all move anywhere. I'm all about it. 'cause that's the only reason I'm there. Yeah. Go somewhere else. And I don't go out. Right. I guess it's fun if like you're young, but when I was there and I was young, I was poor. Right. So I never really got, now I'm married and pregnant so I'm not really going out. Right. I am going home into work and home and work and you Can't even live in Long Island 'cause it's too hard to get over That. It's too hard to get over that. We're making that as we're still renting and I'm making that decision I'm like, do we like buy a house somewhere? But then I'm in Jersey. In Jersey, but then I live. But then You get, it takes you an hour to get to work.


Exactly. If you leave at six in the morning. Exactly. It's one of those deals. Yeah. Do I do well? Which is worse. It's, it's hard. And if you wanna do standup, God damnit, you kind of have to be in the city. Like it's so hard to do set unless you're single and free. Like when I lived in New Rochelle, I, I, I lived in New Rochelle because I couldn't afford to live in the city at the time. and I was doing a lot of road gigs. I needed a car, I needed a parking spot. And if I lived in the city, a parking spot was like 500 bucks a month or something like that. It was crazy. Yeah. It was half of my rent for a, a spot to put my car. I had to have a fucking car. So I used to have to drive into City to go and do spots. So I'd do spots in the city. I'd have to pay to park. I'd always lose money.


I never made any money. If I lived in the city and just hopped around the subway and took cabs, I could have made a living doing standup in the city, but I had to do road gigs in order to just make a living, just to be able to do sets in the city. Yeah. No. And I've just started going You know, getting into going back up just around the city again. Just like, oh, what am I doing this week? And, Hey, can I get a spot at this place? Because I've quit standup three times. Now I'm back at it. It's, it's, you can't really ever quit it. I feel like Some people can, I don't know. I mean, I think I could quit it if I You know I quit it during Covid. I thought I could, I quit it during Covid for like eight months and I was thinking while I was quitting it. Well, well, while, you know, I was like, who knows if this is ever gonna happen again? I was thinking I'm okay. Like, I love it. I really love standup.


It's fun. I love comedian. Like Stan Hope said it best. He's like, I could quit comedy, but I couldn't quit comedians. Yeah. Yeah. Which is like totally right. It's like the hang is like, it's too, they're too fun to hang with. They're too fun to be silly with. Yeah. Everyone knows there's no boundaries. Everyone's being hilarious. Everyone. Like last night, We were in the green room and Brian Simpson came up with this new bit and everybody's like giving, like, he said this thing, it was really fun. and I go, dude, that's a bit, he's like, you think so? I'm like, fuck yeah. Yeah. And then he hit it with another tagline and then somebody else jumped in. Then he had another tagline, like, he created this bit right in Front of him. Right in front of you. Yeah. And he Was like, oh, I can't wait to go on stage and tell that. and I was like, Ooh. Like those kind of moments. Those are the most fun moments.


and I think only comics are gonna appreciate that You know. No one else is gonna understand what even just happened. That guy just has a bit, there's not only just a bit, but it's a, a root of what's gonna be a real chunk of material. Yeah. Like he's just started off with this hilarious premise that has a few really good taglines, and then four months from now, that's gonna probably be a closing bit. Right. you know, it's like one of those deals. Yeah. It's like, I can't stop hanging out with those people. It's too fun. Oh, it's too fun. But I mean, for me, I quit a few times and I quit most recently also during Covid. And then when I wrote the first book, I started doing a live show with, and there's slides involved, but every slide has a punchline. And then next thing You know, I'm going up around the city now doing just like standup as well, in addition to my live shows.


But now it's pretty much, I'm gonna have no time to just do my, my shows. And then gut fell five days a week and the baby God growing the baby, which maybe You do need speed. That's I'm telling you. I'm telling you. But it's You know they don't let you Well, they do. They, the fact that they would let me take it, I was like, eh. Yeah. Fuck that. Because then if There was ever anything wrong with the baby. Right, right, right. I'd be like, that was my fault. Right, right. Right. Hundred percent. That was my fault for taking amphetamines during my pregnancy. Yeah. Yeah. Fuck that. Fuck That. So I thought I'd be, honestly, I thought when I, I thought I'd be more scared of having Ki and I am scared. I have no idea what I'm doing, but I've also just been like too tired. Yeah. Which is kind of nice.


Right. That probably like eases some of the anxiety. Think just like, ugh, you need a nap. Yeah, Exactly. And then once you have the baby, then you're gonna need a lot of naps. Yeah. Baby brain is real in the beginning. You, you think you're like out of it now when you don't get any sleep and the baby's up and then you gotta like, take turns. Like you, you are, you're gonna be like sleep deprived for several months. Yeah. I At least, at least, at Least. I mean, I, I, I've, it's crazy 'cause only recently have I accepted that this baby's gonna like, live in my apartment You. know what I mean? I bet you're gonna want to get out of there. You Yeah. I'm sure. Yeah. You're gonna want to get a house. You, you're gonna wanna be somewhere safer and quieter Somewhere with outside. Yeah.


Somewhere where your kid can play. Yeah. Baby can't play on the balcony. Yeah. It's just, I just, you know, I have friends who raised their whole families in New York City. Like kids from baby. Yeah. All the way to grown up. And those kids are different. They're little assassins. Yeah. I, that's, I worried. I don't wanna have to explain to my toddler a dude like jerking off on a street corner with a needle in his arm. They know too much a young Age. I don't wanna have to, I mean, the stuff that you see just, and it's not as bad as it was during, during Covid. It was crazy. People were shooting up all over the place. Not as bad. But still. I mean, remember when people were Using the streets as like race tracks? I was nuts. And they were crashing cars because There was no one on the streets. So people were going like 150 miles an hour down Broadway. There was I when I live in Hudson Yards. Also during Covid, There was a dude outta a chick, bent over a car fucking her in the daytime.


In the daytime. And he was like howling. He was like, wow. and I was, and I'm looking around and there's nobody, no, nobody's doing anything. You know. What would you want them to do? No. Right. Like nobody wants to be in the splash zone. Nobody wants to go anywhere near any of that. Also with all the terrible things that's going on. Is that that bad You know. I mean, they're not doing anything When someone smashes Windows I and steals clothes and I would be upset if that were my car. When De Blassio let those people have those smashing grabs and was telling them to like, get it outta their system. Remember that? Yeah. That, that, That was the strategy. Just let the riots burn themselves out and don't arrest anybody. Like what are you fucking doing? Well, no personal property. That's com That's some communist shit too. It was cra it was just, it didn't make any sense.


It was all failed leftist philosophies from like the 1960s that nobody really believes in, in practice. And they're, they've never worked. You, you can't just let people fucking smash and grab things. You're gonna destroy the fabric of society. You're gonna, so many people are gonna be indoctrinated into looting and stealing that maybe have never done that before. if you have these mass groups, if you have like these mass groups of people that break into a mall and Right. 200 people. How many of those people have ever done anything like that before? Probably a lot haven't. And now all of a sudden they have and they do it multiple times, then it becomes a normalized thing. Yeah. And they realizes, Nope, you've, you've created a real fucking problem.


Well, you feel dumb for not stealing at a certain point. You know. It's like, why am I still paying for this shit? Yeah, but you can't, I can't buy anything at a story. I have to get like a essentials, toiletries type shit. You have to just get it online. You can't go to a store in New York because it's all, there's no one working there. There's a few employees. You gotta press the button every time you need something, everything's locked up. Burt Chrysler went viral today because I think Breitbart put a video of his, 'cause he went through a Rite Aid. Yeah, I saw Someone commenting on that though. That rite aid's going out of business. And that store is like one of the ones that's closing. Where are people gonna get their amphetamines? Right. But you know why they're going outta business? Well 'cause they got looted. Yeah. Everything's locked up. I see what you're saying. But if it doesn't make sense that they're going out business, so they locked up everything.


No, no. They locked up everything. 'cause people were stealing. Yeah. Like crazy because they, they passed a fucking law where anything under $900 or whatever it was. Yeah. They weren't allowed to arrest you. So people just run in and throw deodorant and fucking hairspray, Toothpaste, everything. Throw Everything in a bag and walk right out the door and no one could do a goddamn thing about it. Video showing deserted rite aids bear shelves after bankruptcy goes viral. Is this Bert? Yeah. Look at Bert went viral. Bert's so happy. He's never gonna stop doing this. Now he's gonna go everywhere I wanna go. Every right As there is Bert Kreischer who showcased the empty shelves incorrectly attributing them to theft incorrectly. First of all, it's the reason why they're locked up.


Go show the video. So is this one show the video because the, do you want me to send it to you? Or you got it? I I get it right here. Okay. Because saying, saying that that's, that's kooky to say that's really kooky to say falsely attributing them to theft. Or is this one maybe Look at this. This is our deodorants Look, everything's locked up. But that, oh, these are empty. This is empty This. So this is probably is going outta business. Looks like it's been Looted and I. Guess Steve's just come in and take whatever's expensive And just, but I think this is going outta business because it's not locked up. This Is crazy. Yeah. This is, this is incorrect. This is, this is classic recognizable. So I thought these were locks, locked boxes. Angeles, You coming?


Okay. Where's wrong? But he's not wrong because the reason why they're going outta business is 'cause they've been looted. So like they, they've abandoned several major cities. Right. They've moved out, like a lot of businesses have moved outta San Francisco. A lot of bus businesses have moved outta LA for very specific reason because of these looting. Yeah. Like this is real. Like what, what comp what companies have pulled stores because of the after effect of looting? Let's find out. Yeah. I Mean I know they have in Oakland. I think they have in San Francisco. Well, let's Google that's A different question.


What cities Have drug stores? What drug stores have pulled out of San Francisco? I think it's Walgreens. Wal. So what's the difference between Walmart and Walgreens? A lot. I mean, Walgreens is Drugstore. Walgreens, Walmart is the big place that have, but they have drugs there too, right? Yeah. But they dont, They have a pharmacy. They can hang in there. Yeah. They they're an institution in many places. I Said It would close around 900 stores during the next three years. 9% of them, or wait, it then closed sixth in San Francisco, including five throughout downtown and one on Venice Avenue. Yeah. Drug stores. Drug stores used to be like the most profitable fucking business you could own. Yeah. And now they're like, we're just getting robbed.


Yeah. Well, I mean, I So bird's kind of right. He's not right. Why those shelves are empty at that moment because they're, they're, they're going outta business, but that's why they're going outta business. Well those would be locked up Old Navy to Nordstrom. Half of the retailers free fleeing downtown San Francisco. Well, Because brick and mortar wasn't doing that well to begin with because people are buying shit online. Right. And then you just let people go. People were going to the store because you can steal it. It's so crazy. You can, it's almost steal it. It's almost like they want society to collapse. Like allowing stuff like that and not making corrective measures to make these retailers feel comfortable so they stay in your community without doing anything to save them and letting them pull out and not making any corrective measures is so nuts.


It Yeah. I I it is nuts. But it's, it's, nothing's changed. I mean, I can't, new York's stuff has been locked up forever now. Right. But this is a new thing is what I'm saying. Yeah. Relatively. This is not, this didn't exist in the year 2000. You never saw this m So in the last 24 years, all of a sudden it's become a thing that people are looting stores on a regular basis to the point where they have to move outta cities because there's no correction in the way they enforce the laws. Well, it's also not gonna change, right? Like New York is not gonna have a, Republican's not gonna win New York. They might, I don't, it could get sideways enough for a Republican of Rudy Giuliani type character can get in there. That depends on how much they have the system rigged. But I think there's a real possibility that someone could reach a or some conservative Democrat You know, know some.


Yeah. Like A law and order Democrat. It could. That's possible. Yeah. You could have one of those. But it's gonna have to, people are just gonna have to get fed up. And the problem is, if they don't get fed up and they keep voting for the same thing like they seem to do in California and a lot of other places, it's, they're never gonna change. It's just gonna keep getting worse. and I don't understand that. It's like, how much do you love your ideology where you don't realize that they're fucking your life up? Yeah. I don't know. I mean it, it's, and because I think all, I mean, I just have no hope. I don't think that really, I don't think it's gonna get any better. I don't know. I I mean you have hope. I hope. Yeah, I do. I have faith in people. I really do. I think we come really close to fucking up a lot and we pull ourselves outta the ashes and I think there's been, if you just follow the course of our society over the last hundred years, there's been a lot of ups and downs.


There was prohibition, There was World War I, world War ii, Vietnam. There's a lot of things where it looked like society was over Kent State. Oh my god, what's going on? Martin Luther King gets shot. JFK gets shot. There was a lot of like terrible moments. And then things got better. And then things You know, it's always, if you look on a chart, there's always con generally speaking over time there's less crime, less problems. The economy does A little bit better. Everybody cost of living changes. Like your, your the way you live, your life improves overall. Generally. I think if you look at like a thousand years to today, it's obvious there's a clear path.


It's just like, gotta make sure that whatever dip we're in right now, we Correct. Yeah. I mean I have, we Got all the things that we're doing wrong. It doesn't mean you can't do all the good things that like progressive people wanna do in, in terms of like funding education and helping people get over drug addiction and homelessness. All those things should be funded. Like it's a good idea to have more healthy, happy people in our society. But also you can't rob the store. You can't. But also, also you shouldn't just be able to sneak in across the border. 'cause terrorists are a real thing. You can't, you can't rob a store. And then also just with letting people, I mean violent criminals out is another thing where it's like, dude, nobody wants this.


It's crazy. Nobody wants this person who's Convi You know has this violent, violent history to be out on the streets. Except really super progressive das who think that the criminal justice system is inherently racist. I think there's plenty things wrong with criminal justice. Just let people out. I don't think anybody should go to prison for, for drug. I think drugs should be legal. I think all drugs should be legal, I think for sure. But I, I I think that that's different than saying crimes with people who've committed crimes with victims should be Right. Allowed to go accrue more victims. Right. The thing about drugs is already illegal. So if drugs were legal, all the negative aspects of drugs other than addiction Right. And overdose are already illegal. Yeah. People that do meth and break into a house.


'cause they need money for more meth. Like that's already illegal. Exactly. You're not Supposed to do that. Exactly. And the problem with drugs being illegal is the same problem they had with prohibition during the, the, you know, the 19 whatever it was. Thirties in this country. What, what year was it when alcohol? What years? I know the exact year. It Was like seven or eight years. Right. Where alcohol was illegal. I think it was in the twenties mostly. But what, what year did it end? It ended a couple of years before they made marijuana illegal. Which is hilarious. 'cause it did complete shift. Yeah. They literally took the people that were chasing mar alcohol, they chased them after marijuana. 23, 19, 20. So 13 years. Yeah. That's nuts. 13 years. But people were still boozing. Of course they're Just dying from, But it also, my point was that it pumped up organized crime and that of course's where Al Capone got rich and all these people got rich.


They're bootleggers. Moonshiners. Well that's, that's the, that's where NASCAR comes from. Yeah. And that's the main reason why a lot of people point to You know, look at this place where it was decriminalized, it didn't work. It's like, well that's decriminalized not legalized. A and you don't have to have all these other things too. But A lot of the places, look, it didn't work in Portland where they decriminalized 'cause Portland was already in fucked up shit. A lot of it. Yes, exactly. Portland needed rule. They needed Jesus. So Jesus should have come to Portland and, and sorted that place out. But instead they got like, just do whatever you want man. And then of course they're already addicted to drugs, so they're just gonna do more drugs. But if you look at what they did with Portugal that had a profound effect. You look at, there's countries that have decriminalized drugs and it's been very beneficial. But you're always still buying them from criminals.


'cause even when it's decriminalized, it's not legal to sell 'em and profit from 'em. But it is legal to sell Adderall. And it is You know, it's like we're in a screw ball fucked up world where we have things that we've accepted as being okay just because they're grandfathered in. It's so fucked up. And then other things like weed for which is the best example, but other things like for Ed, like psychedelics, It's so many benefits to psychedelics and also just so many comparative to alcohol and what that does to people versus not really me benefits, if any I, but you can be like, Hey, I get fucked up and drink whatever, blah blah. And it's everywhere. That's all fights everywhere and it balls everywhere. But, but psychedelics are, you can go to jail.


It's all dumb. And it doesn't make any sense if you don't want to prop up the organized crime because there's a reason why the cartel's worth billions and billions and billions of dollars. It's because of us. 'cause we have drugs that are illegal and they bring the drugs over and sell it to us. And that's how they make money. Absolutely. And if you don't wanna fix that, just say it. Just say it. Because if you wanna fix it, there's only one way to do it. And the one way to do it is to regulate it in house. Like make it, make it in America. Regulate it in America, and then use a responsible portion of that for treatment. A lot of that treatment, which should include psychedelics. Yeah. So if you want to make things legal and then set up ibogaine clinics everywhere. Absolutely. I bet you would get a lot of clean people that would ordinarily have a problem.


But I bet cat would still be taking nicotine from doing Speed. I still, I mean I still like nicotine and amphetamines, but I think especially with, with, you know, with veterans' mental health, but just really for anybody who wants to do it, even for fun, I think, but shouldn be allowed. But I mean, victims Of violent crime, there's a lot of people that have had profound release and, and just something that allows them to move on past the death of a loved one. There's certain people that get devastated by things and psychedelics have hap helped them in tremendous ways. Yeah. And they just denied the, the FDA just denied You know maps has run this long-term study on Oh M Dma M DM A and You know now they have to go through more studies and it's very unfortunate because people have benefited tremendously from that kind of therapy.


Yeah. and I mean if you look at, with, with veterans, it's like you send them over to these wars and You know a lot of people don't come back normal from that. No. Which, how could you expect them to come back normal. Right. And people love to say, support the troops. Support the troops. They don't think about what that really means. And it's 'cause it can look a little uglier. A little more complicated than just You know saying that Right. Or wearing like a flag pin on your suit. Yeah. and I think in general when it comes to mental health, we've never like talked about mental health more, but people are struggling because we have such little leeway for people who are going through a mental health crisis. Right. if you make a mistake, that mistake defines you at this Point. Well it's not just that there's so limited resources Yeah.


In terms of how to deal with your mental health Problem. Absolutely. If you're not allowing people to use psychedelics and you, you are deciding. And most of the people that are deciding are also people that haven't experienced psychedelics. Right. Which is really crazy. Yes. It's really crazy. Well, that's the government, they're legislating things they don't understand. Like Literally. Yeah. E especially in this regard. Absolutely. I mean, I completely agree. If you really wanted to help the troops, you would give them access to that stuff. 'cause there's been a lot of people that have had tremendous results. Yes. It's not saying it's gonna work for everybody. It's not a cure all. It's not a panacea, but it's a tool. It's a tool in the toolbox. And we need a lot of tools. There's a lot of people out there that are hurting Oh. yeah. And we can help 'em Oh. yeah. I I a hu a huge, huge supporter of that It would be a better place.


It's, we stopped to argue about this in 2024. I know With all the information that we have now on the internet and all the people that have had to go to Costa Rica and have these retreats and come back and be cured of opiate addiction and all these problems that they've had. And we're still like, eh, more tests. Yeah. More tests. But here's some fentanyl more tests. Yeah. But here take your oxys. Yeah. More, more tests. But you need speed. I you should be able to make that choice. Yeah. and I mean it's, it's psychedelics are just Oh, huge, huge, huge benefit. Yeah. I mean I'm, I'm, I'm a huge, I'm a huge believer in that actually. Well, I'm a believer in freedom. Yes. And I'm a believer, I'm a I'm a big believer in a person a a human being should not be able to tell another human being what they can and cannot do with their life and their body if it doesn't hurt anybody else.


Exactly. And in my mind, psychedelics fall into that area. And if there's no benefit, no objective benefit, then why are all these people enthusiasts? Why are all these people doing it? Why are all these people talking about profound experiences and how much it's benefited them and the people that are saying that you can't do it. Have you done it? Do You know what the fuck you're talking about? And if you don't, probably you shouldn't be the one deciding on this. Yeah, Absolutely. Yeah. You should let people decide. The more freedom you have, the better it is for everybody. But you know, they're worried about the whole system getting like 1960 again. You know, like tune in, turn on, drop out. Yeah. All that crazy shit that was going on when people became flower children. Yes. But also, so what? Yeah, But is that, is homelessness better?


if you had a hundred thousand hippies in LA Yeah. Just like selling flowers in the street. Would that be worse? Yeah. I I think that psychedelic, I mean psychedelics I think can be beneficial for people who have trauma but also for just anybody. I if if if you want to be able to experience that, then you should be free to experience that. Yeah. And if it was legal, you'd be able to find out who can and cannot take it. Yes. 'cause there's some people, of course they gotta screw loose and something goes rr and you know, they eat mushrooms and all of a sudden they You know, they think they can fly. Like people get a little nutty and certain people don't come back. Course. Especially acid. I've heard some acid stories, people didn't come back. Yeah. But I mean, of course. But you hear stories about everything, but you don't Know until you run studies, until you'll, when when things are legal and you allow people to run these studies and you, you, you come up with effective dosages, you find out what people are allergic to.


Right. What's this chemical reaction that people have? Maybe certain medications that you shouldn't cross with it. Right? Yeah. But yeah, like It would be, to your point, it's not like you've never heard a story about someone doing alcohol in it going badly. Right. Or someone doing pharmaceuticals in it going badly if you want. I I mean I think the, I mean what a huge tool to be able to diminish the ego in a person. Right. And how what an amazing life changing thing that can be. Yeah. And to say you can't do that because I said so is crazy. Right. To an adult. To an adult. And the person who's telling you is uninformed. They've never tried it. No. They don't know what they're talking about. And there's no real, there's no real rational. if you, if you could just have a conversation with a person, not like a debate, not in front of Congress like this, just you and me for hours.


Let's just sit down for hours and you tell me why you think that psychedelics should be prohibited. Yeah. For all adults. You tell me why, and I'm gonna tell you why I think they should. Then I'm gonna ask you some questions about what do you think they do? And then you would get a sense over the course of a couple of hours to talk to this person. This person has no fucking business telling people what they can and can't take. Yeah. They're just bureaucrats. Yeah. They're just bureaucrats. And they know that there's a certain, there's a certain amount of people that are gonna, it's gonna benefit them to vote in a certain way and state a certain opinion. And there's a certain amount of vested interests, a certain amount of special interest groups that would like them to continue to vote in a very specific way. And that's, that's their god.


That's who they, that's who they go with. Yeah. It has nothing to do with what's good for everybody. No. It, no. And people just, it, they, it's, they just have this framework of, of like, well that's, that's a crazy thing. That's bad. Drugs are bad. Those are bad. I can't you That's crazy. Can't do that. And then people who have had experience with them might feel differently, but that doesn't matter. It's a sign of a sixth Society because then the people who have experience with them are people who do drugs. Yeah. Right. And those people never wanna be president. Isn't it ironic you'd want the president to like To do Mushrooms, something A. little bit. At least some sort of a psychedelic experience. One time to just connect with God real quick. Come back and go.


Okay. Yeah. I think we could do better. You know, I Think It would be better if more politicians did mushrooms. It probably would. But you'd probably get less politicians. They'd probably just quit. They'd be like, I don't wanna do this job. Yeah. You know. I mean, to be, to be able to person who could just gaslight 250 million people on a regular basis. Like, you have to be outta your mind. Like you, you have to be, I know really a crazy person to stand in front of people and lie about the economy and lie about job numbers and lie about this and lie about that. Like that's the most uns psychedelic perspective ever. Yeah. It Really is. You know, what's the word? What's the most uns psychedelic job? I would say White House Press Secretary. Yeah. You're A professional bullshit artist. Yeah, exactly.


You Just soothing everything over and making everything seem normal and making it seem like they've, they've done an amazing job and everything's under control For the sake of just this, the whole upholding the system. Yeah. And it's just psychedelics make you think, you know, they make you realize also that you're gonna die. Right. In a, in a good way. Right. Because the things you worry about in your life feel A little bit less ridiculous. Right. When you are more familiar with your mortality. Right. Like, oh, we're kind of just all here, pe we're all people and we're able, you're able to do things to your consciousness to see things differently. Right. So that, that just makes you view things differently. and I think that what's healthier than that? And like you said, it's not for everybody.


There's people who definitely Yeah. There they can't do it. Things can go badly. There's Regular life is too fucked for them. Right. Right. There's people that regular reality is too slippery. They shouldn't be doing anything. Those people need some other kind of help. and I don't know what that help is. I'm not a psychiatrist, but I do know that for a lot of people, they're beneficial. You know. I know a lot of people shouldn't drink and, but Yes, exactly. Alcohol is legal and You know and all these things are things that we need to learn. And the only way we learn them is if we have access to them. Yeah. We know what the real benefits actually are and what the real risks actually are. We know what the real risks of Jack Daniels are. It's like this's a long history of people drinking themselves to death. To death. Yeah. To death. Death. And not only that, but killing other people. Oh. yeah. Like getting behind the wheel.


Dr. Oh. yeah. But also getting violence. Oh. yeah. Oh. yeah. Getting Oh. yeah. I mean, just alcohol. Just getting beat up in the street. 'cause you're a fucking drunk and you mouth off to somebody. Yeah. Now you're in the hospital with a broken skull. Like there's so many detrimental side effects to alcohol, but yet no one is saying we should make alcohol illegal. No. Could you imagine if that was their next pitch? Yeah, we prohibition, we need to bring it back. What the fuck are you talking about? But if they say it with weed, everybody's like, yeah, guess. Yeah. I guess. Yeah. Yeah. That's the way Safer drug. Yeah. It's way safer. Yeah. Way, safer way. It makes everybody a lot more peaceful. It's way less violent. You Also don't hear people waxing poetic. I mean, myself included, I'm not gonna sit here and be like, well what alcohol can do?


Right. Because all these real, I mean, can it be fun to get drunk sometimes? Yeah. I guess. But it's, it's like the next day I'm never like, man, I'm so glad that I drank all that booze that really just opened my eyes to like, no, it's, it's no. Well, how alcohol's the perfect example of no biological free lunch. Yeah. Yeah. Because that Rush, that fun time you feel when you're lit like, woo, your soft thumbs on Yeah. At the bar and everybody's like, punk you. Yeah. The next day you're, let's fucking go. Oh, the sun is killing my fucking head. Close the shades for me, it's the emotional, like, everybody hates me. Everybody. It's the opposite of what's like aade can do. You're like, it gives you some perspective on the world and your place in the world.


Right. And then alcohol puts the next morning. It's the opposite of that. It's like everyone, the world revolves around how mad it all is at me. Right. You know. Right. You're like, what did I Do and what did I do? And You think about some loud stupid shit. You said Loud. Oh. I'm like, why did I do that? and I well te the texting, I'm like, what did I say? And then you think, and then I think that I am gonna be deposed into court for some shit. You all these messages are gonna be shit. 2:00 AM text shit that I was saying when I was like, I, to me it's pretty clear which one, but but there's only one of them that I could go to jail for doing. Right. It's nuts. You know. It's nuts.


It doesn't make any sense. It's also been here before people. Yeah. Like what are we doing? Making nature illegal? It's so stupid. Yeah. The whole thing is stupid. It's just, and it's stupid. And the fact that we still allow it, it's so crazy. And no one's It would have, it sounds trivial to people that don't do it. Right. But if you allowed people control of their conscious and to have consciousness and to have these kind of experiences, you'd have a lot more people that are thinking about things in a lot more considerate and careful way. And that's what I think the benefit of it is. Yeah. Even if it's not even, maybe you're really not contacting God or aliens, whatever it is, but just the benefits of having it. But I, I I think there's a lot of things that can make people more kind and considerate, like in a very counterintuitive way.


I think martial arts do jiujitsu especially, they're the nicest people I've ever met. Yeah. Like my friends from jujitsu are the nicest fucking people because every day they're trying to kill each other and they don't have any of that in regular life. There's no chest puffing, there's no douche baggery. Like people that are like the, the guys that I know that train three, four times a week and are really interested in jujitsu doing it all the time. They're some of the most peaceful, calm, easygoing, measured. Yeah. Even when they talk to people in confrontations, very measured because they're coming from a place of strength. And most men in particular, they come from a place of trying to pretend they have strength in order to like intimidate you to get a, to get a like get you on your back foot, get you on the heels, like, hey, fuck you, man.


Like that kind of douchy kind of shit is just insecurity. Yeah. And these guys don't have any of that. And it's, it's just a healthier, like, I don't think everybody should do jiu-jitsu. It's too hard. Don't do it if you don't watch it. Probably not for me. But I think there's a lot of things like that in this world. and I don't think it's just psychedelics. I think there's multiple, I think yoga plays a big factor in that. I remember I got in a car accident when I was on yoga. When I was on yoga and I was like, We, were on yoga. I haven't heard that one. We. were We, were doing yoga so much we, me and Ari Fear Reer and Thom Gu. We do the sober October and every time we do sober October, we have these things that we do where we're like, we'll have a fitness challenge.


Or you have to do, I think we had 15 yoga classes in the month, so you had to do like a yoga class every other day for a month. And I got really into it and I was doing it a lot. And this guy, rear-ended me on the highway and I had a really nice car and he crashed into me and he was on his phone, he was texting and he was illegal and he didn't, and he didn't have a driver's license. Oh shit. What a mess. And and I was so calm about it. I was like, you okay? I was like, I'm okay. You okay? and I was like, I'm just gonna take off You know. I'm just gonna get my car fixed. I just took off. Luckily he didn't wreck my car, he just, it bent the back. It was a Porsche. It was a nine 11 GT three, A very nice car. But his car had a little bullshit car, like a little Honda Accord.


And when he slammed on the brakes, it basically went under the back of my car and bumped it up in the air and it stalled out. And his car was pretty fucked up. He couldn't drive off, but I could drive off. So I just drove to the Comedy store. Yeah. And, and I was like, okay, why was I so calm about that? I wasn't even mad at that guy. I was like, he's a illegal alien. Excuse me, immigrant, undocumented, minor, whatever he is undocumented immigrant. He just some dude who came from Mexico. Right. He is, his day is having a tough day. And I said, I said, why don't you have a license? I go, he, he goes, I can't because I'm illegal. I said, okay. I go, but yet you still drive? And he goes, I have to for work. I go, I, get it. Okay. Yeah. I get it. But it was like a very con, he said he was sorry I believed him.


It was just a mistake. He fucked up. Traffic had slowed. You know LA Yeah. Traffic like all of a sudden comes to a screeching halt and sometimes people aren't ready for it. And I really think it was yoga. I think I didn't even get mad at the guy. I go, all right, take it easy. I just drove away. Yeah. I drove away and I thought about it afterwards. I was like, why can't it be like that with everything? Like why, like, what would help me be like that in every situation? To treat every interaction with people like as, as calm as possible. And never, never really get totally upset by anything. Just it is what it is. No big deal. and I was like, man, that's probably a great tool just for society. Just for, if most people, if yoga was a thing that most people did every day in the morning, what impact would that have just in the overall population and how nice people are to each other?


Yeah. It would probably be huge. Probably be huge. Yeah. I've never, I was raised in a household where yoga was the devil. Really? Yeah. The Devil. My mom was really Catholic. Oh. So like, it's a, a bad, I mean, I'm, I'm not, I dunno if that's obvious to you, stretching. Not that I'm not Catholic. I know, but Exactly. Yeah. Stretching is the devil. But there's something I, I don't know. I-I-I-I-I-I never got into it. Can You stretching for Jesus. Yeah. Why don't someone do yoga? Just take the poses and Prayers. Bible verses. Yeah. I don't know, Adam with And prayers, you Know, I am not, I am not C Catholic. I'm not religious at all anymore. Which is why I think that I'm always looking for things like, I'm always looking for a way to be religious or in some sense spiritual.


Which I've, I've never done ayahuasca. I really want to do ayahuasca. I've done other things that have been beneficial to me, but I'm searching for that thing. Right. I'm searching for that. I, I wanna believe in something greater than myself. I Think that's normal for people. Right. and I think that's why a lot of atheists, they talk like religious people. They, they talk about atheism the same way religious people talk about their belief in God. That they absolutely know. It's true. It's kinda the same thing. They like, no, there's nothing I I do not believe in God. See, I'm not that There's no evidence. There's God, I'm not that. Yeah. I'm, I'm just agnostic. I'm kind of like, who am I to say what there is and isn't. Yeah. I can appreciate that. I think there's something going on. Yeah. I think there's something going on that we're a part of that is too big for us to grasp.


Yeah. I think we're like a hand waving over a fucking earthworm and earthworm has no idea what's going on. 'cause it's, I think it's too big. Yeah. I think just the, the idea of this infinite space that we live in with who knows how many galaxies and we're on this planet and we're making babies and you're cooking one up inside your body right now, and you're going on stage and doing standup and we're having an election and we might have a nuclear war and all this shit is happening all throughout the universe, all over the place. Not just here, but probably in an infinite number of planets. Everywhere. The whole thing's too big. And for you to say there's no god, God's not real. It's like you have no idea. Yeah. You have no idea. I agree. And by the way, the evidence of there being something that's a, that's forcing this in a general direction is overwhelming.


There's something that's f whether it's some natural properties, like Brett Weinstein calls it Darwinian evolution, that it applies to everything and things get better and improve and evolve that. Yeah. But what is causing that? And what made that, what, what is, what is the overall force behind this whole thing and what's its goal? What's it, it seems to be moving in a general direction all the time and that that direction is like constant improvement of life forms of societies of technology. It's moving in this fucking direction. Like how do You know it's not God? How do You know it's not the way God works? How do You know the universe isn't God? And this is the way it, it expresses itself. Yeah. The Craziest and I, this is the most normal thing to do is get pregnant.


But it's the craziest trip I've ever had. It has to be like, all I did was have sex. I didn't pick up a license and now there's gonna be a baby in my apartment. And Wait till you start talking to that baby. That's What's gonna be crazy. Oh. yeah. This is gonna be a human that's gonna have opinions Oh. yeah. And it's gonna tell me No, you're gonna be mad at you. Yeah. I'm gonna be, they're gonna like bad music. Like I didn't smoke any fucking six. I smoked no cigs and now you're trying to tell me no, I'm gonna be like, you shouldn have smoked a pack a day with your ass talking to me like that. Yeah. But then they'll say, look, I didn't ask to be born. Yeah. Stupid bitch. Bitch. They're gonna find They're didn't make me stupid. Bitch, You fucking did this. It's Your fault. No matter what. The kid's gonna find a way to hate you. Right. Like that's sometimes they're gonna find, find a way to, I, I don't, I don't know. But it's, it's the craziest, it's the craziest trip.


and I think it's also, that's part of the reason I'm always like looking for, I'm just like looking for meaning. I want there to be something so badly. Right. And that's and I think that. I Think we all do. I really do. Well I think that's why people like psychedelics. Yeah. I think that's why, I mean, it definitely can make you view the world in a different way. Yeah. And then compared to all the other drugs, I mean, the worst drug I ever did was Accutane. Ooh. And made me wanna kill myself. Yeah. This was last summer. I mean, I, I actually was suicidal. Like I went off of it. Had Multiple, multiple people in my life had that same, same situation. The way more dangerous drug for me than shrooms. Accutane. Yeah. I mean, Andrew Santino, the hilarious comedian, talks about it. He's, he said it was one of the worst experiences of his life. Really? Yeah, me too.


Yeah. I, my brain, I was, I finally decided I was crying on the bathroom floor because I was gonna die and everyone I know is gonna die. Oh my God. And again, always been true. Always been true. My husband found me on the bathroom floor crying. and I stopped taking it. And about a month before it worked outta my system. And then I went back to normal. But at that time I was like, I've lost myself. Oh my God, I'm never gonna be myself again. Whenever You have a medication and one of the side effects is suicidal Ideation. I Know those, those ones freak me out. 'cause they'll just say it real, real calm. Yeah. All these people are holding hands and I spinning around in a wheat field. Suicidal ideation. Like what? Yeah, I experienced that. I experienced my brain being hijacked in a bad way by a drug for, for zts So Crazy.


I was like, I'll just, and and and and and I was, you know, you can't drink on it. So I was like, I was having these extreme reactions, stone cold sober. But I was on the show sometimes and I would be so depressed and people would be email, I'm getting emails like, you are like acting like a bitch or you're this and that. And it's like, no, no, no. You know. I wanna kill myself. I don't think I'm too good for people I wanna kill. And it's just scary. It was very scary. Well I'm glad you got off it. Yes. I'm off acu. That one I'm never doing again. Yeah, that one's sketchy. Listen Kat, I really enjoyed talking to you. It was a lot Fun. I really enjoyed talking to you too. It Was, was really fun. Let's do this again. Yeah, thank you. Tell everybody about your book one more time please. It's Called, I used, do you have a copy of it here? I have it in outside. I left on my shit outside. No worries. It's called I. Used to Like. You Until. It's called I Used to Like.


You Until. And it is all about how one single thing should not be enough to write another person off. It's about independent thinking. It's about connection. and I spill a lot of tea on myself in the book because, so the point, I'm naked on the cover, my body looks nothing like this anymore, but covered in hate mail with the idea of like vulnerability in the face of over overwhelming hatred. That's great. So I, I You know I had the idea of, And you read it too, Book. I did read the audio book. So did the audio Book. Fantastic. Thank you. I'm so happy you did that. Yeah, you Have to. I have a very distinctive voice. So Well also it's like, God, it's not that hard. Folks do it. I'm talking about a lot of very personal things in the book.


I wouldn't want There was some actor. No. Talking about Was a man should get some old man to do your voice. A British guy Our first period. Don't worry that's not in the book. Well thank you Kat Thank you for having me. I really appreciate it. It was a lot fun. Thank very Much. Okay. Bye everybody.