
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan. Experience Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. And we're up. Hello, Robert Good to see you. Hello, Joe. You look a little Stressed out. I am stressed out. In fact, are are we recording? Yes. Okay, then, then I want to make a special request. Okay. You can kick me out if You like, but I want make, Why would I do that? Because I, I need to have a meltdown. I would like to have a meltdown right now on your show.


You want to have a personal meltdown? Yes. Okay. Go ahead. Okay. I've never heard anybody plan for a meltdown before. Well, I've, I, I, I've, I need to do this, and I think this is the right opportunity. Okay. and I, don't know what I'm gonna say. Okay. But I am definitely going to meltdown. Okay. Okay. So I am completely fed up. I have worked day and night. I work about 80 hours a week.


I'm directing almost 40 research projects. I've been working really hard for maybe 45 years. And the last 12 years where I've turned my eye to Google and other tech companies have turned into, for me, personally, a disaster. So before I started studying Google, I had published 15 books with major publishers. Since I've started studying Google and other companies, I can't publish anymore.


I used to write for and actually work for mainstream news organizations and media organizations. I was editor in chief of Psychology Today for four years. I was an editor for Scientific American. I wrote for USA today and US News and World Report in Time Magazine. But in 2019, after I testified before Congress about some of my research on Google, president Trump tweeted to his, whatever, millions of gazillions of followers, basically some praise for my research. He, he got the details wrong.


But then Hillary Clinton, whom I had always admired, Chose to tweet back to her 80 million Twitter followers. And she tweeted that my work had been completely debunked and was based on data from 21 undecided voters. I still have no idea where any of that came from. Probably someone from Google, because Google was her biggest supporter in 2016. And this was 20 20 19. And then that cut picked up by, by, by this machine, I'm told, it's called the Clinton Machine. And the New York Times picked that up without fact checking.


And then a hundred other places did. and I got squashed, like a bug squashed. I had a flawless reputation as a researcher. My, my research reputation was gone. I was now a fraud. A fraud, even though I've always published in peer reviewed journals, which is really hard to do. And There was nothing I could do about it. And all of a sudden I found that I, the only places I could publish were in what I call right wing, conservative nutcase publications where I've, where I've actually made friends over the years, I've made friends with them. But that's beside the point.


I've, I've, I was crushed. And not only that, I, I've been Discovering things. I've made at least 10 major discoveries about new forms of influence that the internet has made possible. These are controlled almost entirely by a couple of big tech companies affecting more than 5 billion people around the world every single day. And I've, I've discovered them. I've, I've, I've named them, I've quantified them. I've published randomized controlled studies to show how they work, publish them in peer reviewed journals.


We just had another paper accepted yesterday. And when it, and I, I've built systems to do to them what they do to us and our kids. They surveil us and our kids 24 hours a day. Google alone does that more over more than 200 different platforms, most of which no one's ever heard of. People have no idea the extent they're being monitored. They're being monitored when they're, if they have Android phones, they're being monitored. Even when your phone is off, even when the power is off, you're still being monitored.


How do they do that? Well, because then remember when we could take the batteries out? Yeah. And then at some point they soldered them in. Yeah. Because they soldered the batteries in. Even when you turn the phone off, it's not off. It's easy to demonstrate it's still transmitting, or it'll transmit the moment the power comes back on, it's still collecting data. So, what am I trying to say here? Then? My, I, my wife was killed in a suspicious car accident. This was, this was also shortly after I testified before Congress in 2019, right before she was killed, I did a private briefing for Ken Paxton, the Ag of Texas and other ags at Stanford University.


And one of those guys came out afterwards and he said, well, based on what you told us, Dr. Epstein, he said, I don't mean to scare you, but he said, I predict you're gonna be killed in some sort of accident in the next few months. So I told you this before. Yeah. When I was on before, and obviously I wasn't killed, but my, my, my beautiful wife was killed and You know her vehicle was never inspected forensically. And then it disappeared from the impound lot. I was told it was sold to some junk company in Mexico. And that is one of now six, six incidents, six of violence against people who are associated with me over the past few years.


The last just happened a couple of weeks ago. And what was that one? Well, the, this last one, one was kind of weird and creepy. And then I was at a meeting with, in, in Dallas, I think it was, oh, no, no, no. It was up in, it was up in Monterey, and it was with General Paxton. And then with some of my staff and one of my staff members sitting next to me, she all of a sudden just brushed her hand against my computer case, which is, that's my computer case. Okay. And she screamed and we all went, what? What happened? And she goes, look, and There was a needle sticking out of the computer case sticking outta the computer case, which is impossible.


And it was going a half inch into her thumb had gone through the end. And of course I'm thinking, oh, that's awful, but maybe, maybe you just saved my life. Maybe it's, you know, it's got some sort of weird poison on her. It's like a Putin thing, and it's got You know radioactive substances or something. I'm trying to joke around. But meanwhile, she was terrified. How, how did her pin get, and by the way, I have a picture of the pin. It's really creepy. I've never, so When you're saying a needle, you're not saying like a syringe, you're saying a needle, like a sewing needle. No, that's what I'm saying. I've No, no. None of us has ever seen a needle like this needle. It's, it's about, it's about two inches long.


The end is, is like, it's, it's like it's been sharpened. Okay. You can see it sharpened. And at the end, the end where there should be a hole for thread, there's no hole. Okay. So I don't know what it is, but we've had worse incidents too. I'm just saying this was happened to be the latest. But that's in your computer bag. Was your computer bag ever out of your care? Well, not, not that I noticed, but, But I mean, if somebody wanted to harm you a little needle, it's not really, Oh, I don't think that's someone wanting to harm me. What do you think that is? Well, if it's anything, it's someone wanting to scare me.


And the fact is, I have been scared. And so have a lot of my staff, I have this summer, we've had 26 interns from, they come from all over the country that 23 of these people were volunteers and fantastic young people, extremely smart You know, helping me run almost 40 research projects. And, and there is You know we take precautions and there is some fear. And one of these young men who, who's done superb work, he asked that we take his name off of everything. You know that he, he, he, he didn't quit. But hem just saying, he just Right.


Because there's sounds Reasonable. Yeah, yeah. Because You know there have, there have been a number of incidents. And, and if I were, did you ever hear of John Kas? No. Okay. He owns a ton of supermarkets in New York. He also owns WABC New York. But I was at a luncheon with him. I shouldn't do this on the air, I shouldn't do this. But he actually said, to make a long story short, that if he were Google, he would kill me. He said it straight out. But yet you're still alive.


Well, I'm alive, but I'm in rough shape because You know what push comes to shove here. I have been making discoveries that are really startling, and they've gotten worse and worse and worse since I was last with you, which was two and a half years ago, we've made probably five or six, seven more discoveries. They get worse each time. And we've done something that I was speculating about doing when I was here, which was building a nationwide monitoring system to surveil them the way they surveil us and see what content they're actually sending to real voters and to real kids.


So Let's, let's, let's break this down because I think we're getting a little in the weeds here. Let's explain to people that don't know what you're talking about, what your research is about, because most people are not aware. And one of the major issues that you have discovered is the curation and the purposeful curation of information through search engines. So most people that are unaware think that when you do a Google search on something, say if you, you know, wanna find out about a Kamala Harris rally or a Trump rally, that you are just going to get the most pertinent information in the order in which it's most applicable to your search.


But that's not the case. The case is everything is curated. And if you want to find positive things about someone who they deem to be negative to whatever ideology they're promoting, it will be very difficult to find that information. if you want to find positive things about someone they support, they will be right up front. if you wanna find negative things about someone they support, they will be very difficult to find. And you will be inundated with positive things. And what you have found is that this curation of information from searches has a profound effect, especially on the casual voter, on the low information voter, a profound effect on who gets elected and its tent amount to election interference.


Is that fair to say? It's fair to say that's where I was two and a half years ago. We, we, we have gone so far beyond that because it's not just, it's not just search results, it's search suggestions, which we're capturing now by the millions. So it was in the news recently then when people were typing in Trump assassination, right. You know they were getting crazy stuff like the Lincoln assassination. Right. They were getting crazy stuff and they were not getting information about the Trump attempted assassination. And You know, I, I looked at that and I said, oh, isn't that nice? So there's an anecdote about how they may be abusing search suggestions.


We don't have anecdotal data anymore. We have hardcore large scale scientific data on all of these issues. We know what's actually going on and we've quantified the impact. See, it's one thing to say, oh, look what they're doing. It's quite another to say, what impact does that have on people? Right? Let's talk about the Trump assassination one in particular. What, what did you find about that? Well, we, frankly, we couldn't care less about that because that's one anecdote. We are collecting these by the millions and what we know, we know a couple of things. We know that first of all, they're not You know.


It started out as one thing and it's turned into something else. And so what they're they do is they use search suggestions to shift people's thinking about anything. It's not just about candidates either. It's about anything. And we've shown in controlled experiments that by manipulating search suggestions, you can turn a 50 50 split among undecided voters into a 90 10 split with no one having the slightest idea that they have been manipulated. Wow. And this always goes a very specific way. It always goes, It always goes a specific way.


But I'm gonna show you maybe a little later if I haven't put you to sleep or if my meltdown hasn't gotten too bad, 'cause I'm not quite finished with my meltdown yet. I'll show you content data, large scale that we're collecting now 24 hours a day. And I'll show you what they're actually doing. An anecdote. Those, those don't hold up in court. You know, they, they grab headlines for a couple of days, but that's about it. They don't do anything. But we are actually collecting evidence that's court admissible. So we're collecting data now in all 50 states, but we actually have court admissible data now in 20 states already. And we keep building bigger and bigger every day.


And what is this data about? Well, it's any, any data that's going to real people. So we are collecting data with their permission from the computers of a politically balanced group of more than 15,000 registered voters in all 50 states and from many of their children and teens as well. And so when they're doing anything on their computers, they've given us the right to, to collect it, grab it, zap it over to our own computers, aggregate the data and analyze it. I I want to point out that when we do this, we do this without transmitting any identifying information.


Okay? We protect people's privacy, but we are getting these increasingly accurate pictures of what Google and other companies are sending to real people. Why do you have to do it this way? Because all the data they send is personalized. You will never know what they're sending to people unless you look over the shoulders of real people and see the personalized content And what have you found? Well, as it happens, I just summarized our findings over the last 12 years, and you get the first advanced copy of a monograph that's called the evidence.


And, And because we're so desperate, we need help. We need money, we need emails. We're so desperate for that, that we have set up. We kind of did this last time too. But we have set up a link. If people go to that link and they're willing to give us their email, we will give them a free copy of this advanced copy of this monograph. And it, it goes through the whole thing. It, it shows all the, the effects we've discovered, but it also shows the monitoring we're doing and what we're finding out from this monitoring. One of the things that I noticed since the last time you were here was I used to use Duck, duck Go.


And one of the reasons why I started using Duck, duck Go is There was a story about a physician in Florida that took the mRNA vaccine and had a stroke shortly afterwards. It was very early on in the pandemic, and they were beginning to speculate that some of the side effects of the vaccine are being hidden. and I could not find this story on Google. I could not find it. I kept looking and looking and looking. I, I entered in the information on DuckDuckGo. It was one of the first articles instantaneously. I was like, this is crazy. Since then, something's happened. And I think they became aware that Duck, duck Go was a problem spot for the dissemination of information.


And now it appears to mirror Google. Well, the same has happened with Bing. And the same has happened with Yahoo. So what About Brave? No, brave is still independent. I know Brendan Ike, you, you should have him on if you haven't. And he's the guy who wrote Brave Before that. He wrote a Firefox for Mozilla. He left because Google was, was had its tentacles into Firefox. Yeah. I'm afraid. Afraid to talk about brave for them to be compromised. Because like We, were talking about Duck, duck Go. and I was telling everybody go to Duck, duck go. And now I'm like, Jesus. It's the same thing as Google. Like something hap do You know what happened?


Well, we, we know in some cases with some of these companies, what happened, I don't know the particulars with DuckDuckGo, but it's easy enough to guess. They're, they're under all, all of these, these, these alternative websites that are trying to protect people's privacy. So we use proton mail, for example. We use Signal for texting. They've all run into problems. And the, and the problem is when Google goes after them. So Google tried to shut down proton mail. That's been well documented. Really? Oh. yeah. Why did they try to shut down proton mail? What was their argument? Because they saw it possibly cutting in A little bit into their, their Gmail business.


And they were brutal. They were brutal in suppressing any, any mention of proton mail anywhere. Don't forget, it's not just the search results, it's the search suggestions. It's the answer boxes. Right? How are they su suppressing proton mill, The way they suppress everything else? They, I'll tell, I'll give you a detail here that you may not know. Okay? Okay. 'cause they don't have to adjust their algorithms to do something this simple. Their algorithms, all of them, as far as I know, check blacklists and check whitelists. So all they have to do is add a couple of proton mail links to blacklists. And that means that before one of their algorithms will take someone somewhere or will show someone something, it checks for the blacklist first.


And if you put proton mail on the blacklist, it's suppressed and it doesn't appear. Well, let's look For it right now. Jamie, do me a favor, please. And pull up Google. Obviously this is happening before the podcast is released, so they can't correct this 'cause they didn't know you were coming on. They didn't know We were talking about this. So let's pull up Google real quick and put it up on the screen and okay. You already Googled it. Yeah, I dunno. if you want me to do that, just lemme see. Okay. Right away it shows proton mail, and then below that it shows proton account sign in you, you use the proton VPN.


So how's it suppressing? This is not suppressing at all. Okay. Now this is where my staff has warned me. Don't be condescending to Joe Rogan. How is it condescending? If you're, I'm just asking you a question, you can just gimme an answer. No, I know I could, but I was, but look, it says I was about to be condescending. So, well, Why would you be condescending? If this is the question? This is the question. Ton mail. Do the Google search. Okay? And then right away the first thing is proton mail. Okay? But you're pushing me back into meltdown mode. I'll tell you Why. Well, tell me why. Because what account is this? Jamie's account. It's Jamie's account. Okay. if you want, if you actually wanna know whether they're suppressing proton mail, you have to look over the shoulders of a large representative, people representative sample of people.


You can't just look at Jamie's account. So you think that Jamie's account is curated to not hide proton mail? Well, Of course it's curated. Well, technically, this is not my account. Whoever's account it is, they know it's the account I use, whose it is. And they know how it's used. And remember, since all content is personalized, that means it's very simple matter for them. And, and, and they have algorithms that do this. Okay, well, we can do a real quick experiment. We won't get the results right now, but we'll get the results from the future. So ask the audience to do this. So ladies and gentlemen and non-binary folks out there, please go to Google and type in proton mail and screen record this, and then upload this, upload this to X, upload this to Instagram, upload this to Facebook and TikTok and all that.


And I'd like to see what the results are. You are gonna get clean results because they know every single viewer listener that you have. So they can, as as I was told, this literally by Zach Voorhees, whom you may have heard of, he's one of the most prominent whistleblowers from Google. They can turn bias on and off, like flipping a light switch. So you think they look for someone who listens to podcasts and they don't have bias towards them? I am, I'm saying the, I'm just gonna say what I said before. The only way to know what they're really sending to people when, and they're not messing around right, is to look over the shoulders of people that they cannot identify and who are, who are representative of the American population.


And see what, and I'm gonna show you over and over and over again. I'm gonna show you what they're actually sending when we look at things, when that was, when we collect data in a scientifically valid way, that is so that the data are court admissible, I will show you what they're actually sending to people. So you have shown that if you collect data in this scientific way, that they suppress proton mail. We've, we haven't looked at that. We could, we could look at that very easily. Okay. Do you understand though, that you're saying they suppress proton mail and then we're saying, let's see if they suppress proton mail. Oh, Oh, no, no, No, they Didn't. You misunderstand? I'm telling you that early on, proton mail has, has written essays on this.


Okay? I know Andy Y who's the, the founder and CEO. And in the beginning when Google was trying to completely put them out of business, they published a lot of blogs on this. They sued them in court. They did everything they could possibly do. And they had overwhelming evidence of that. Google was, was trying to, Okay, proton mail sued Google or Google sued proton Mail. Proton mail sued Google. And what was the accusation? That they were suppressing content. Proton mail content so that people couldn't, would not know that they exist. And what was the results of those court cases? Google backed down, which they do sometimes.


It's hard to know when they do, when they don't. But this is also the Vestiture case. She is head of that commission in Europe, European commission that has sued Google repeatedly. It has fined them four times more than 10 billion euros. Their first case against Google was the same kind of case, exactly the same, that Google was suppressing information about comparative shopping services. And they had, they had put, put out of business or nearly put outta business most of the comparative shopping services services in Europe. And so the European Commission went after them. They won their case. Google at that time was the biggest fine Google had ever faced.


And they proved it. They proved that Google was doing this deliberately, systematically. So they do this all the time. And but what I'm saying is that generally, look, look, they're the gateway. They decide what people are gonna see and what people are not gonna see. Okay? And whoever controls the information controls humanity. They control the narrative. And that controls us. Has there been any talk about making these kind of algorithms illegal?


Not not serious talk. Because see, you can't Look the the search algorithm itself, which is by the way, gonna be outmoded very soon because of You know ai. Yeah. 'cause of ai. But the search engine itself has to be biased. It has to be biased because you don't want it using an equal time rule. You want it to show you the best guitar brand there is. You want the best dog food, you want the right, the most correct answer. So it's always bias. It's always gonna put one political candidate ahead of another. The thing is though, that of course they control the, they can control which one if they take any interest.


So that's where the problem comes in. So, because it's always biased, you, you, you can't, you, you want, you want the algorithm to work that way. 'cause you want the best to rise to the top. Right? Unfortunately, there's a lot of bad that goes with the good. The bad is they can decide what's good and what's bad. One of the leaks from the company eight minute video called the selfish ledger, talks about the ability of the company to re-engineer humanity. They call it re-sequencing human behavior. And they explain how easily they can do it, and they're actually doing it. And we know they're doing it now because we, as of yesterday, we had preserved more than 99.3 million ephemeral experiences mainly on Google, but other platforms as well.


But also on YouTube. Because on YouTube, YouTube is the second largest search engine in the world. And on YouTube, it, the, the ephemeral content, it's those suggestions for the next videos. And it's that up next suggestion that plays automatically. So normally ephemeral content is lost forever. That's why they use it for manipulation purposes. We are capturing it. That's never been done before. And we're doing it on a massive scale. Everything from search suggestions to, to answer boxes, to search results, to YouTube sequences, YouTube recommendations, you name it. We we're, now we're we're monitoring Facebook, TikTok, Twitter, we're, we're learning.


Each year we get better and better at monitoring more and more, and then monitoring faster and analyzing the data faster. And last November we went public with a dashboard that summarizes the data that we're collecting and shows the bias in real time. It's literally updated every five minutes, 24 hours a day. And you can see the bias and I, I, I-I-I-I-I, I've given you some images that we can show if you'd like. Okay. You can see the bias. And it's overwhelming. It's not, this is not my imagination. and I can show you a couple of shockers things that you would never guess that they're doing.


Okay. So what are we looking at here? Oh, perfect. Perfect place to begin. How did You know James the wizard mean bias by political leaning? Google only. Okay, so what is this showing us here? This is showing, and I, if you see a bar is below the zero line, that means the content is liberally biased and you're seeing very strong liberal bias. And those three different bars show you the bias and content being sent to conservatives, liberals, and moderates. Now, abortion, you would think if they're really showing people what they wanna see, whether it's something that matches their interests, you would think that they would not be sending the same level of liberal bias to conservatives, liberals, and moderates.


But that's what this shows. So this is the search topic is abortion? Correct? This is the average of January to August of 2024. And so when you say mean bias by political leaning, so are you saying they're, they're sending the same biased information, roughly? There's a slight difference A little bit more in the liberal side and A little bit more in the conservative side than the moderate side it looks like, right? Is that correct? Yes. So what are they? No, the opposite, right? Seems like moderate is more. But what, what is the, what is the bias? Like what, so if you search abortion, is it leaning towards pro-choice websites and pro-choice information?


Is that what what it's saying? Well, I knew you were gonna ask that, so I I can actually show you. Okay. For, for some of these graphs, let's look at a couple of the graphs and then I'm gonna show you the content. Okay? Because all of this, this bias that we're measuring ultimately results in them taking you to a news story to a webpage, right? So we're gonna, oh, this, which one me go to go to? Let's do Elizabeth Warren next. Just the, just the blue, just the red graph. Just the graph itself. This This one? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. So this is a shocker because if it's Elizabeth Warren, who's a very well-known liberal politician, they should be sending lots of blue stuff to her.


They're not, they want her out of office. They are sending people to, to content that Vilifies Elizabeth Warren. They want her gone. Why? Because she is one of the only Dems who's gone on record, ri written statement, the whole thing calling for Google's breakup. Oh, they want her gone. And Deaton, I guess just won the nomination to oppose her for the Republicans. They are going to do everything possible to put this Republican into office in Massachusetts. Wow. And no one knows this except you and me, Owen, James.


Well, a lot more people know it now, Maybe As of you saying this on this podcast. Yes. Well, Unless they're gonna suppress the podcast, but they really can't do that. Well, that's why I have a lot to say that I wanna say here, because I am really upset about a bunch of things and I wanna explain why. Put that back Up please. So this, so what this is mean bias and what, what is this bias showing? Is this bias just negative stories about Elizabeth Warren, like her pretending to be Native American and that kind of stuff? Yes. In fact, what You know that other one that you were about to put up that has the red graph at the top, and then below it has a bunch of news stories.


That one, This one, okay. if you can en enlarge it and scroll down. So these bars aren't just bars, these bars are, are summarizing content. Thousands and thousands and thousands of webpages that they're sending people to. And so they're sending people mostly are you saying right wing centered content? Well Look at the stuff, But one of 'em is CNBC. Elizabeth Warren wants more student loan borrowers to know bankruptcy is easier now. But when you average these, that's what we're doing when you average them. So we're looking at literally millions of these experiences and we average them.


Then you end up with a shocker in her case, they're, they're actually sending conservatively, conservatively biased content when people are looking for information about, on Elizabeth Warren. They want her gone. Elizabeth Warren and anti crypto movement losing their battle according to former C-F-T-T-C chairman report. So that's an anti crypto movement. That's, that would definitely be more of a right-wing bias. Warren proposes jail time for corporate greed in healthcare. That would be a, a negative for that would be more progressive, right? She's trying to eliminate corporate greed in healthcare.


Three Republican senate candidates are competing, take Elizabeth Warren as the mass GOP fights for relevance. Okay. So that the way they're framing that fights for relevance is interesting. That's A little bit biased. Senator Warren is way off on raspberries and Americans living standards. Okay? That's certainly a negative article. Likely Warren cars for Fed Powell's weak need on bank rules. Democrats want to tax your home, your retirement, your everything. That's a negative one. Senator Warren and Senator Warren and Marshall post questions to Biden officials about the use of crypto to evade sanctions. So that's gonna get the crypto bros after her.


Don't change. We don't charge people for air. We shouldn't charge for water either a new tax bill from Elizabeth Warren to Ana seeks to ban the trade of water futures. Let's go one step further. Well that's, that's seems like a progressive cause When you put these all together, 'cause we're showing you means, Right? Right. What we're showing you is the mean, the overall mean. Now for, you would expect for Elizabeth Warren to get three blue bars, but we're getting three red bars. That means they're sending highly on average, highly conservatively biased stories to conservatives, which makes sense.


Mm. To moderates, well one could argue, but also to liberals. They're sending those to liberals. But she's a problematic person to search anyway because she's kind of a fraud, right? Like especially with the, I mean, I don't wanna say she's kind of a fraud. Let, let me, let me say it better. She has been accused of lying about her ancestry and then she did it for benefit and then she did it to get into Harvard. She did it to get jobs. And then You know she had that challenge with President Trump. And then it turned out she has a small fraction, like I am, I think I'm 100 times more African American than she is Native American. Something like That. Let me explain. I might have made that up.


Let me explain. Okay. Please explain. All right. These aren't just graphs. These are graphs summarizing a massive amount of data that's being sent to a lot of, directly to the computer screens of registered voters. I totally understand that. Yeah. What I'm saying is with someone like her, it might be difficult to find positive stories. Oh no, no, no, no, no. Because we have so many examples of these things now that we can find whatever it is. But here's the point. Okay? We can, we can adjust what we're looking for. We can not only look back now in a database that we've been building over a year, but we can adjust what we're looking for going forward.


So if a person wants to break up Google, like she has publicly stated, they're like, okay, well we will target you with our search algorithm. We will make sure that people are getting more negative stories about you than positive stories. And we will have a bias that leans towards these negative stories to everyone, to liberals, to conservatives, to independents. And that has very little impact on people who have already made up their mind. But people who are still making up their mind, which Is a lot of people in this country, Easily shifts between 20 and 80% of those people, the undecided voters like that. Have you seen the Alexa? When people ask Alexa Sure. About Donald Trump versus Kamala Harris?


Yes. We have. Wild. Yes. And we, starting last year, we developed special equipment that funds allowing will eventually, will eventually provide to all of our field agents. We call these people our field agents. And we'll eventually provide them with special equipment, which is gonna allow us to start analyzing the answers given by Alexa, the Google home device, the Google Assistant, Siri. So we're gonna start monitoring the content that's coming from these IPAs intelligence personal assistants. Now why? Because we've published, we've published in, you know, a peer reviewed article on what's called the answer bot effect.com.


So if you go to answer bot effect.com, we will show you in, in controlled experiments, how easily a biased answer coming from an answer bot like Alexa can boom, just like that, shift the opinion of someone who's undecided 40% or more after just one question and answer interaction in which someone is getting back a biased answer. Now, if they personalize the answer, the effect is even larger. So this is essentially a danger that no one was aware of. No one ever saw on the horizon until search engines were created.


Now search engines are here and it's something that is not regulated and it's right in front of us. And what steps have been done to sort of mitigate the effects of this, if any? Okay, so this is where now we get back to my meltdown. Oh, I thought you were done melting. Oh, no, no. Okay. No. I've been melting down for years, so I have a lot to, to go. Yes. You summed it up nicely. I'll just rephrase what you said a little differently. No one anticipated these kinds of manipulations were possible.


And by the way, we've hardly even scratched the surface of what these manipulations are and what they can actually do. And the fact that we have evidence that they're being used. Forget all that. The point is, yes, our, our lawmakers, our regulators never anticipated that. When, when your friend, what's his name? He, you just interviewed him recently. Brett Weinstein? No, no. One of the early investors in Google and Facebook. Mark Andreessen. Mark Andreessen was one. McNamee. Peter Teal. Oh, teal. Teal. Teal. Peter Teal. These people never anticipated when they invested. In fact, McNamee has said straight out, if I had known what was gonna happen, I wouldn't have put a dime into these companies.


No one really knew this was gonna happen. Right? But now that people like me and there aren't too many, but now that people like me have been figuring this out and getting the word out for more than 10 years now, and getting the word out in bigger and bigger ways, I've testified twice before Congress. Now you would think that lawmakers, regulators, somebody, somebody would jump up and say, okay, we're we're gonna fix this problem. We, you would think You would, You would also think that in general, people, people around the world, it's not just Americans, people would say the hell with this, we're not You know.


I'm not gonna take that anymore. Like in that old movie, right? I'm not gonna take this anymore. And, and they would protest and they would switch over to whatever the alternative apps, whatever they may be. That's never gonna happen. And the laws are not not gonna happen. And the regulations are not gonna happen. And so You know what the bottom line is, and this is what, this is why I'm fed up. Because that means that either people are just so stupid or they're so complacent or both that all this work I've been doing, killing myself all this time is for nothing. Well, I don't think that's true. And let, let me give you my perspective.


I don't think most people are aware of this. I think you live in a bit of an echo chamber because this is the focus of your life for the last 12 years. I think most people are, I like to use my parents as an ex. Like when I talk to my parents about stuff and how little they're aware of it. 'cause my parents are older and they just read the news and they watch the newspapers and they, they watch television and that's what they believe. They don't do any independent searching. They don't use a VPN, they don't, they don't do anything like that. And so they're a good example. If I asked them, do you think there's any bias in Google search results? They would probably say no. 'cause they don't know. Most people don't know. I know in your mind you have put all this information out and You know the podcast that we did reached millions of people.


But how many of those people listened? Really listened? How many of these people were like, wow, that's kind of crazy. But does it affect my life? No, it doesn't affect my life because I'm gonna vote Democrat no matter what. Or I'm gonna vote Republican no matter what. And I'm, this is my feeling on the First Amendment and this is my feeling on the Fourth Amendment. And people already have their opinions. And so for most people who are busy with their lives, their families and work, they haven't made an adjustment 'cause they don't feel it's necessary for them personally. Fine, fine, Fine. But, but you're not, what's you're doing is not futile. But what, it's very important. I don't see that because I see it as more and more futile Now. It's not though.


It's not. We just need to do more of these. Okay? So for us to set up this nationwide system in which at the moment, as I say, we are drawing data 24 hours a day. if you go to America's digital shield.com, you can actually watch the realtime dashboard and you'll see the data coming in. It's pretty cool. In fact, I was hoping we would break a hundred million by the time you and I got together. But we're close, we're up to 99.3 million and next week we'll break a hundred million. So you see the data come in, you can see the bias. Oh, serious. So these are all these experiences captured shining a light on big tech Dark Secrets. Hey, hey Gen, oh, sorry. Revealing real time ephemeral manipulation. Big tech companies use ephemeral content such as search results go vote reminders and video recommendations to rig our elections, indoctrinate our children, and control our thinking.


We're now preserving this kind of content for the first time ever to give our courts and our nation leaders the evidence they need to force these companies to stop their manipulations. Now who do you think would be more responsive to you discussing this? Do you think It would be the Donald Trump administration or the Kamala Harris administration? I'm afraid to answer that question because I am no fan of Donald Trump. But, but probably the Trump administration would be more sympathetic. Why do you think that? Well, because I because You think it's more biased towards Republicans or against Republicans rather?


No, it's because I had a four hour dinner with Ted Cruz private dinner, and he, we just talked tech for four hours. We, we ne we never talked politics. 'cause that would've been a disaster. But the point is that, you know, he was struggling. You know he's like you in some ways because you, you, you want to understand things. You, you just, I can see all the gears moving as you're just trying to under, I wanna understand this. And he's like that. So that's why the dinner went so long, because he was trying to figure out what can we do right? What can we do? And at the end, he basically said this.


Now he didn't say we're screwed. No, but he said, basically said, we're screwed. He said, because he said the Democrats are all in the pockets of these companies. And the companies not only give them tremendous amount of money. I mean, I mean Google Alphabet was Hillary Clinton's largest donor in 2016. So the tremendous amount of money, they're the biggest lobby lobbyists in Washington, he said, and they also, apparently, according to your research, send them millions of votes. He said, so forget the Democrats. He said, and Republicans don't like regulation. He said, and unless we can get together, unless there's bipartisan action, they'll never be any action.


That's where that, that's it. Mm. That's where we left it. And nothing's gonna change that, that I can see in this country. As long as it's still benefiting the Democrats and they still contribute to the Democrat party, the Democratic party. I, I doubt you'll see any movement. Right. So what, so I'm back to my griping then. Yeah, because see what, so what do I do now? Let's talk about money. 'cause a lot of this is about money and Google is all about money. So if we're talk You know if we're talking about this topic, we really should talk about money. Okay? It has cost us close to $7 million over since 2016 when we started building monitoring projects to get where we are today, where we actually have a national system.


So first in the world, and it by the way, it won't be the last because I've been contacted by people from seven other countries who want me to help them build systems. I'm not gonna do it not until ours is fully implemented permanent and self-sustaining because the system has to be permanent so that it will, on an ongoing basis, it will be sitting there as a, as a huge threat to any of these companies that wanna mess with our children or mess with our elections. As long as someone utilizes it, As long as a system is running No, no, no. Because we're also dealing with, with public advocacy, advocacy groups like election integrity groups, parenting groups.


if you, if if you wanna show some of the, there's a folder in there that has some images that we pulled from videos being recommended on YouTube to children. And if you just look at some of these images, we've gotten several parent big parenting groups interested in what we're doing. There can be a lot of public pressure applied and You know, not just by politicians and regulators, but by big groups of people saying, we don't want you doing this. Okay. What are you talking about specifically when you saying recommended to children? I'm saying, So this is what you're discussing. I'm saying that, that This is Boondocks, which is a television show.


An animated television show. Yeah. So this is recommended to children because it is animated. Is that what the idea is? I don't know. I don't know what their criteria are, but This, okay. And then the other one is down below that you see The Walking Dead, which is the horrible scene that made me stop watching the show. This is On the website. This is the folder he gave me here. They're all kind of small. I got it. And these are all, okay. There's a lot of sexual stuff. Yep. So these are all being recommended to kids. Yep. We're not searching for them. They're, they're coming into the devices through which we are. We are gathering data. And What would be the benefit for them of doing this?


Of showing all these sexual images to children? It's titillating and it's addictive. So to, to increase engagement. Correct. Some, Some of these channels are really popular channels though. And they're making content not for kids. Right. But they're being, it's still being recommended to them, I guess. But like, this has 4 million views on it from a channel with 40 million subscribers. Jesus. And this is just anime. Well, it's like, it's like a, I forced my friends to watch an anime clips. Like that's what You know. It says to dub anime clips. So they they said their own words over these clips. Is that what it is? Yeah. Okay. Its A lot. That's what a lot of this stuff was from. I, I could tell. And so you below that, you're seeing all these images and some of them are violent cartoons and what, what, what else they have here?


Well, the, the, A lot of violence, The key though is if you scroll along the bottom of the image, you'll see the, this graph that kind of shows you where people watch the most. And the reason why parents generally are, are not aware of this is because some, a lot of these, these gruesome things are very, very quick. They're very quick. But you'll find a very often a, a, a peak there You know, because that's what's drawing a lot of attention. That's what the kids are playing over and over again. And that's what leads to the addiction. So the reason why they are suggesting these images to kids is because they know if the kids click on them, they're gonna get more engagement.


It's, yes. And so the, the number one variable for profitability is called watch time. So engagement, whatever you wanna call it. Yeah. This is one of the ways that they addict people. Now I'm sure you've heard of Tristan Harris, maybe he's been a guest. Yeah, he's been on a few times. Yeah. And he's, he, that's what he was doing at Google. He was on a team and that's what they were working on is addicting You know more than a billion people. This is a, a technique that's used for that purpose. And again, I have to emphasize, we're not out there hunting for dirt. Not at all. This is, this is content that's coming onto the devices of, of children, of our field agents.


This is with parents' permission. And so we're actually just collecting real content, personalized, ephemeral content that's coming from the tech companies to kids, to teens and to voters. Now let me, I happen to know about some of your other interests. So I wanna shift gears A little bit here. Okay. And then maybe I won't keep melting down. So what else can you do with a system like this? Well, you could, if, if some laws and regulations were passed as they have been in the eu, you could measure compliance with a system like this.


Because that's been the frustration in the EU and they've admitted it recently, is that they've made all these rules, especially for Google, and they've gotten lots of You know fines paid, and Google has completely ignored them. But if you set up a system like this, you can actually see if there's compliance. 'cause you'll see that there a change was made and that it's being maintained. That's a possibility. You could see whether Google and other companies, to a lesser lesser extent, are manipulating financial markets. So we've just started collecting data on that topic. But wouldn't you manipulate financial markets if you were Google and there's no laws or regulations to stop you from doing anything?


So you're saying manipulate financial markets for their own gain, of course. And how do they do this? Oh, well what, well, what drives the price of a stock up or down people's confidence in that company. Right? It's totally emotional. Well, they can control that very easily. So can Facebook, Google can do it You know more precisely in a more precise way. The point is are they, are they not? Would they admit to it if you ask them? No. But a monitoring system will detect it and it'll detect it on a massive scale and in a way that's scientifically valid and that is court admissible. And now I've got one that I think you'll really, really like.


Okay. Or at least give some thought to Giving thought to all of it. Yeah. Wellis, we are now collecting content from ais because content from AIS is also ephemeral. So I keep using this word ephemeral. I'm not sure people know what it is, but ephemeral means fleeting content that just is there. It's on the screen. It affects You like search results, search suggestions, news feeds, and then it, you click on something, it disappears and it's gone forever. There's no record of it. It's a ephemeral. That's why in 2018, there, there were some emails that leaked from Google, had Google employees discussing how can we use ephemeral experiences, their term, how can we use ephemeral experiences to change people's views about Trump's travel ban?


Wow. Now That, that was an internal discussion, correct. With a search engine company. Correct. That also makes an operating system for phones. Of course. That Is, that's such a wild thing. I'm trying, I'm just trying to tell you, this is why I'm so frustrated and, and, and upset and, and worn out and fed up. Okay, now let's get to the one that I find most exciting right now. Most exciting at this particular moment. Okay. 'cause there's new stuff that keeps happening. This is brand new. We realized just recently, a few days ago, and I thought, my god, I've gotta tell this to Rogan, we realized that we can use our monitoring system For active threat assessment.


You must know that phrase. It's used in intelligence. We could use it for active threat assessment of ai. We could look, we could, we could be the first people to spot threats that AI pose to humanity. We It would show up first on our kind of system because we would see content coming from ais that is A little bit skeptical about humans or maybe even A, little bit threatening or maybe reaching a new weird level of intelligence. We will be able to see it.


It's all ephemeral so no individual can see it. Mm. You have to be collecting a massive amount of personalized ephemeral content and aggregating it and analyzing it. This can be the beacon active threat assessment of ai. That sounds like something we're absolutely going to need. And one of the things I was gonna bring up when you were talk discussing this was Google's disastrous launch of their AI system. Their, their AI system was so bizarrely woke that when they looked for photos of Nazis, they showed multiracial Nazis.


I Know, I know. Which is so crazy. When they had the founding fathers of America, there were multiracial founding fathers of America. And it's just a nonsense thing that they've attached to what's supposed to be the most intelligent form of information. We have available large language models that are supposed to be gathering up all the actual information and giving it to us, and instead they're feeding us complete total nonsense. That is just, that just fits with a, this You know, for lack of a better term woke agenda. Well see, I know a whole bunch of stuff I can't tell you.


So let's see, what can I tell You? I have to use the restroom. So let's, let's pause right now. Yeah. And we'll get, let's figure out what you can and can't tell me about. Okay. AI And we'll be right back. Restroom? Yes. You wanna put it on? I'm gonna, I I'll put it on When we're, we Are live. Oh, we are live. Yeah. There you go. Hi, everyone. We're live and I'm putting, I'm putting on a silly sticker. It says tame big tech.com. Okay. And we're back. So We, were discussing ai. Yeah. So we, we can actually serve and I, I know a guy who works in intelligence and he's, he's has a tremendous background in ai.


And this was one of the most exciting things he's heard in years. Because the question is how do You know when these ais are becoming a threat? We could see, we'll be able to see it well in advance because we'll see a, a, a change in the nature of the kind of intelligence that they're expressing. And we'll start to see statements that probably would make people nervous indicating A, little bit of hostility toward humanity. Some doubts maybe we, we can be screening for that. We can be looking for that. and I hope, get some sort of handle on it. You know before something terrible happens, because these ais are a serious threat to, to our existence.


They're literally an existential threat. Stephen Hawking said that Elon Musk has said it from time to time, and it's true because they will have worldwide control of our financial systems, our communication systems, and our weapon systems. If they don't like us, if they consider us a threat, which by the way we are, if they consider us a threat, it wouldn't surprise me at all if we didn't see some sort of a What was that? What's that kind of attack that George w did You know like a in advance before they get you preemptive?


Ah, yes. I could see Theis preemptively attacking us if they saw us at a threat. Or wouldn't they just baffle us with bullshit until we we're reduced to being ineffective? I mean, if they're the arbiters of information in the future, wouldn't they just manipulate us with an understanding that over time, just like what Google's done with overtime, with search engines and search results, suggestions, that they would just slowly steer us towards the place that they wanna put us in. I mean, the Idiocracy I think it's called. Yeah. Yeah. I mean we're kind of on that place, right? You better thank a union member.


We're kind of on the way right now. you know, I think we, I think we are. Look, here's the thing with ais, which I've written about, I've written about this topic and I've been involved in AI work going back since the 1970s. I knew I was friends with Joe Weisbaum who wrote Eliza, which was the first conversational computer program. It pretended to be a therapist. So I've been just fascinated by AI for a long, long time. And the fact is, we don't know. That's the problem with AI is that we don't know what they're gonna do. So Stephen Hawking's saying they're a threat to our existence. Yeah, yeah, maybe. But we don't know.


you know, at the end of the movie, her spoiler, the AI voiced by Scarlet Johansson just decides to disappear. She decides humanity is, you know, it's too slow talking to humanity. It's not worth her time. And so she just disappears. AI could disappear from her lives. It could be like a buddy with us, like my friend Ray Kil thinks it's gonna be our best buddy. Or it could just destroy us. I think we're probably headed toward the last possibility, mainly because so many of us crazy humans are gonna see the AI as a potential threat. And so I think we will strike and after we strike it will destroy us.


I'm hoping I'm not alive to see that. but It could happen sooner rather than later. It could happen. We could see, we could see that happening in the next five years, frankly. Yeah, I think it's a new life form and I think that's what human beings do. I think we, we we're here to create ai. Oh, it's so, it's so interesting you said that because I, and, and one of the, in a book I wrote on ai, I actually call the internet, and this is a long time ago. It was like 2008. I call the internet the intern Nest, because I think historians, if there are any, and there probably be machine historians, but they'll look back someday and they'll say that the internet that We were building was really a nest We.


were building a nest for the next level of intelligent beings who are You know machine intelligences and I think that's what we're building because these one, one of these systems wakes up, wakes up, it's gonna jump into the internet. And from that point on, we don't know what's, what's gonna, what's gonna happen. Right. we don't even know if it's going to have motivation to act. Right, right. Marshall McLuhan said this in the 1960s. He said, human beings are the sex organs of the machine world. Mm. Isn't that wild? Yes. Isn't That like 63? I think That's, that's amazing. Well, my friend Hugh Loebner, who sponsored the first annual tests of, of the touring tests that I, that I used to direct, he thought that since he was putting up the money and the, and since the, the prize was called the Loebner Prize Medal in Artificial Intelligence, he thought someday that the, these intelligent machines are gonna revere him as a God, someone who helps to bring them into existence.


Well, that seems ridiculous. 'cause that seems he's attaching all sorts of like paternal instincts and the, although the bizarre tribal instincts that human beings have, attaching that to some super intelligence, which seems pretty silly, but it seems like that's a good motivator for him to keep working. That wanna be a God. Well, the bottom line is though, that we don't know and Right. we don know. So the, but the cool thing about the monitoring system is that it can keep track. If it, if we don't have a monitoring system, large scale, permanent monitoring system in place, we will not know what's going on. See, we won't know how these tech companies are messing with our elections, indoctrinating our kids.


We, we won't know anything. And we also won't know what's really happening with the ais and whether they're presenting a serious threat because anecdotes don't really tell you much. And we're way now way beyond anecdotes we are talking about again. Okay, now I'm gonna get back to money. 'cause I started talking about money and I. Okay. Okay. So it's cost almost $7 million to get us where we've gotten. And frankly, I'm amazed that we've gotten where we've gotten and that I'm still alive, although not everyone around me is. But the point is, I'm amazed and I'm still here. Part of me thinks that it's because Ray Kurzweil's, head of engineering at Google, and maybe he protects me because I was dear friends with him and his, his beautiful wife, Sonya, for many years.


I went to their daughter's bat mitzvah. They came to my son's Bar mitzvah, et cetera, et cetera. Now they won't talk to me, neither one of them will talk to me. But Kurzweil Won't talk to you? Nope. Really? Nope. And Sonya won't talk to me. What does he say when you try to reach out? We just can't talk to you. Sonya says, we just can't talk to you. So we've never had any conflict. Never. And It's just because he works at Google, It's just because he works at a particular company. Well, why, why, how, why would that interfere in a, a relationship? So they must have had a conversation with him to avoid communication with you, it sounds, or do you think he's just acting on his own self-interest?


I, I, I don't know. It doesn't make any sense. Ray, Ray is a very, very independent, strong thinker. It's hard for me to imagine that even with pressure, that he would stop communicating with a long time friend. And It seems like you should be able to have a candid conversation with him as to why I eventually gave up trying to reach him. So were you trying to communicate with phone, with everything? Did you ever try to visit him? Well, I had be before this, before he went over to Google. I I had been at their house many times.


He was here A little while back. you shouldn have let You know. Oh, if I I'd known you could have cornered him. Well, that would've been interesting. Yeah. I mean, I've always, always liked and admired him. and I don't understand why simply working for You know. I I said to Sonia, by the way, over dinner the last time we ever met. And after which she said, I can't communicate with you anymore. I said to her, I can't believe Ray went over to Google. Ray has always been an entrepreneur. He is built company after company. And she says, oh, well, You know, he got sick of all the, the stuff you have to do as an entrepreneur, all the politics and the money raising and stuff. And I said, well, really, my son, actually, my son Julian has a different idea.


He thinks that Ray went over to Google to get access to the Google's computer power so they could upload his mind and live forever. And she says, oh, well there's that. And That's one of the, and eye roll. Well, there's that, That is his specified goal, right? He wants to be able to download consciousness. Yes. And he still believes it's, it's possible and it's not possible. and I feel so bad for him in that way. And I've, I've, I've written about that issue as well, why it's not possible. But the point is, Why do you think it's not impossible? Oh, because they, in a p piece I wrote for Aon magazine, which crashed their servers, it's called the Empty Brain.


It, it had something like two or 3 million views within a day or two. It got 250,000 likes on Facebook. And what's it about? It's about the fact that the, the computer processing metaphor that we use to describe how the brain works is absolutely wrong. It's not even slightly right. It's absolutely a hundred percent wrong. So because of that, you can't actually do a transfer of the sort that Ray TA talks about. It's, it's impossible. Partly because every brain is also completely unique. So it doesn't work like a computer. We don't actually know how it works.


Although I have a theory I wrote to you about that and you, you actually replied and gave me some names. But the point is, we don't really know how the brain works. It does not work like a computer for sure. And every brain is completely unique. So how do you, even if you could scan every single thing that's happening in the brain, okay, now you're getting a static scan, even if somehow you could replicate that whatever it is you just scanned, it wouldn't work because our brain has to be alive. It has to be moving to maintain who we are, our identity, our Don't you think you could simulate that with data points? Like if you collected data on a person over a course of X amount of years and you had an understanding of how they behave and think, don't you think you get some sort of a proximity as to how they would behave in a certain circumstance?


Absolutely. And we, and, and of course that's what Google does when they build models of us, right? They're building extremely complex models which predict what we're gonna do and say, and what we're gonna buy next. But They don't allow for free will. They don't allow for change. They don't allow for personal influence or people being excited or inspired by other things and change their perspective, conversations with another human being where their, you have a a deeply personal moment with someone and they give you a perspective on something and you go, wow, I never thought about religion, for example that way, or I never thought about childbirth. But that way or any, any subject that's controversial, Well, it's not, it's not just that. It's all the weird stuff, the dreams.


Right, right, right, right. The daydreams. Well, There's the whatever consciousness is right. The, the the, we we're really sort of committed to the idea that consciousness lives inside the brain. But that's controversial. Well, I, I have, I've concluded that in fact, let me, let me give you some background here. Okay. Okay. Everyone knows that evolution has created millions, possibly billions of different species, Right? So at least people who who've kind of give some credence to Darwin kind of get that.


and I, I recently reread You know Darwin's Magnum opus just to see what he actually said. And You know, he's actually very tentative about the theory of evolution in his book. you know, he keeps saying, I know this sounds crazy, but, but it's a better alternative than saying God did it. You know. And then he just over and over again, he says, I know this is crazy. But, and so we end up with a theory that's pretty widely accepted that says e evolution over time because of changing environments and because there's variability and genetic code over and over again, it keeps selecting for organisms that can survive in this new environment.


And so every time it does that, it kind of creates divergences among those animals and those animals. And over time, you end up with two separate species that can't even You know, produce offspring together. And we end up over time with millions, maybe billions of species, all good. But there's something we haven't really given much thought to. And that is, evolution has also created millions, if not billions of transducers. So this is the beginning of what I call NTT or neural transduction theory. We are encased in transducers.


Now, in case people don't know what a transducer is, there's one right in front of my mouth right now. It's a one way transducer. It's taking a signal over here, which is just vibrating air, but the vibration has a pattern to it. And it's converting that signal into an electrical signal, which is coming out this wire. And that electrical signal has roughly the same pattern. I say roughly, because it depends how good your microphone is. But that's what transducers do. They take signals from one medium, send them to another medium. Our bodies, in fact, the body of most organisms are encased in transducers, head to toe transducers.


Okay? We all know the eyes of transducer. It's taking electromagnetic radiation, it's turning it into what neural signals the ear. It's taking vibrating air, it's turning it into neural signals. The nose, it's taking airborne chemicals, turning that into neural signals. The tongue is taking liquid borne chemicals, turning that into, and then the Fiesta resistance is the skin. The skin is an amazing transducer, which does at least three different kinds of things. It can transduce temperature, turn that into neural signals, pressure and texture, head to toe encased in transducers.


So we've been looking into transducers in the, in the animal kingdom. We've been looking at that for a couple of years now. And it's, it's amazing the, the kinds of things, the kinds of transducers nature has created. So nature is a super duper amazing expert on creating transducers, my cat. Okay? We, we, we, we recently have been investigating this because it turns out my cat's whiskers. we don't have anything like that in us. But cat's whiskers, they actually can detect direction, the direction the wind is blowing, the direction of You know a po a potential predator or insect is coming.


'cause they, when they tilt, that actually gives the cat different information. If they tilt one way versus the other way. There are transducers in some animals that can detect, detect magnetic fields like how birds migrate. Exactly. So there's so many different kinds of transducers. Now, what if at some point, evolution, in fact, I don't see how this could not happen. What if at some point, evolution, possibly using a chemical, which I know you have some interest in, called DMT and possibly using a gland called the pineal gland.


Maybe what if at some point a baby was born somewhere in central Africa, maybe 20,000 years ago. We're still trying to pin that down. But what if a baby was born with a special cord kind of transducer, that that connected up all the experience it's having with another, another domain, another universe. Now, at first, that might strike you as a little batty, but it turns out it's not batty at all because there's not a physicist in the world, an astrophysicist who doesn't believe in some variation on the multiverse idea.


In other words, any physicist will tell you that the kind of space, that experience is not the nature of the universe. It is, it is such a pathetically limited view of the way the universe is constructed. It's just outrageous. It's so pathetic. We're, we're just picking up so little information. But again, think about that flexibility. The evolution has over a period of billions of years, you only need one baby that's born with this capability. And of course, that's also able to survive and pass on this capability through its genes.


But you only need one because once you have one, you're probably gonna have a lot more. Because this is going to be, talk about survival value. This is going to have unbelievable survival value. If there's a connection to some intelligence in another domain, call it like the Greeks did the other side, call it the other side. Now all of a sudden we become much smarter. In fact, the, the brain doesn't change the anatomy, brain anatomy doesn't change. So we don't see any change in the structure of a of of the You know, the, the remains we find of bones and so on.


We don't find changes there. But we get a lot smarter. All of a sudden we, our language suddenly becomes much more complex. We become suddenly capable of living in larger and larger groups. We become moral. There are no moral animals except us. And we weren't always moral. There seems to be a change that occurred to us, not anatomically, but a change that occurred to humans at some point in the past, whereby we became much more capable. Now All you need is a transducer that connects up our domain with another one in which we are now connected to a higher intelligence.


And you've got a new way of understanding how the brain works, of course, because we have no way of understanding how the brain works now. But now we have a way and you have a new way of understanding how the universe is structured as well. Now we think that, 'cause I'm in touch with some physicists, some neuroscientists who are very intrigued by this. And we're hoping next summer to have a a conference on this. And we're even hoping to have some guy named, oh, Joe Rogan, maybe stop by 'cause of your interest in DMT because DMT probably plays a role in this process.


But this would change everything because we could over time learn to simulate this connection. If we can simulate the connection, then we can control the connection. We might be able to communicate more directly with these entities. By the way, this, this theory, which I call NTT or neural neural transduction theory, if in fact if people go to neural transduction theory.com, they can read all about it. A piece I published in Discover Magazine. The point is that this kind of theory would really help us a lot because of the mysteries.


It's the mysteries that we try to ignore, but we can't. The dreams. The dreams come on. W why does a dream sometimes have nothing to do with your daily life? Sometimes it's just so amazing and so wild. And, and then you get up 'cause you have to pee and you're struggling 'cause you wanna continue this dream. You wanna hold onto this dream. This dream is amazing. But by the time you reach the toilet, it's gone. And you can't get it back. Why? Because it was streaming.


That's why it was streaming. And the stream stopped. That's why you can't get it back because you weren't generating it. It was being generated through this point in time. you know, You know the famous ceiling of the Sistine Chapel and there's, I think it's Adam and I think there's God and there's two fingers like that. And there You know that there's some communication happening there. That's extremely important. That's what I'm talking about. I'm saying let's find out where that is happening, where that connection is and how it works. And let's test our ideas empirically, because I think this is a testable theory and let's, most important of all, let's figure out how to simulate this.


'cause now we can talk directly to these other, in these, these other intelligences and really find out things that we just know nothing about. I, I'm very, very fascinated by dreams and I. I think it's always, it's, it's very interesting how we kind of dismiss them as just being hallucinations or it's just, oh, it was just a dream. You just had a dream. But some of them are so realistic and so bizarre. Like I've always wondered like, why do they seem so much like reality and how do I know what the difference is? Like maybe reality, like as in waking life is a more persistent dream.


So when you're saying that it's streaming and that's why you can't get it back, what do you think it is? What do you think a dream is? And have you ever talked to like lucid dreamers or people that use techniques to try to master the, the traveling back and forth into the realms of dreams? Oh, absolutely. I'm talking to all kinds of interesting people these days. Some near death experiences fits beautifully. I I actually had my staff make a list of these mysterious phenomena. They came up with a list within a few hours of 58 items. There are so many weird things that we experienced. Dreams probably top of the list.


What do you think they are? I think they're all, they, they all have to do with this transduction. I think they're all indicators of transduction. It. It's, I'm not the first person, by the way, who's kind of thought of an ideal like this. But I think I am the first person who's pointed out that now we actually have laboratories around the world, neuroscience labs where we could test this. and I think that's that's what we're gonna do. We're, so I'm getting this group together and we're gonna figure out ways of testing this. And because we have so many wonderful neuroscience labs now around the world, I don't think it's gonna take 50 years. I think it's gonna take a few years. I think we're going to find support for this theory and then engineers are gonna start working on how to simulate it.


But to answer your question, I think that the, the, the, the other intelligences or intelligence that we're communicating with and that, and that elevated us. Just like in the movie 2001, right? We got elevated. There were these black monoliths that appeared and people went up to them and You know the chimp leg creatures touched them. and I think that we We were elevated through neural transduction and I. Think that's, I think we're gonna be able to figure out how it works, where it works, what chemicals are involved. I'm 99% sure that DMT plays in a very important role in this process.


And then I think, I think we will be able to figure out what these mysteries are really all about. And there, and it, it almost amazes me that we can live with so many mysteries like dreams. I don't know, demonic possession, You know. There's so many crazy things that we experience near death. Experiences are fascinating of course. And then there's these other crazy things that happen. These, this, the, the, it's the wake up kind of thing that happens when people are dying. Sometimes people who've been out of touch sometimes for years, and all of a sudden they wake up second, the second hurrah, they wake up and they now recognize everyone and they talk and they're fine.


And then 30 minutes later they die. How, how, how could that possibly be? And some of them have severe brain damage. How all of a sudden could they become fully conscious again? Well, I think it's because consciousness is not really, we're not really producing the consciousness. Consciousness has to do with that connection. That connection right hand of God, that connection. I think we can figure out where it is and what it is and how it works. So do you think it's an emerging property of human beings? Like if you have to think single celled organisms did not have the ability to see things?


I think it's possible that other species have connections like this. They're probably nowhere near as sophisticated obviously, and they're not connected to the kinds of, the kinds of sources that we are connected to. But I think I'm more concerned about the alien aspect of this. Where are the aliens You know the, what's that called? The, the, The Fermi paradox. The Fermi Paradox. Yeah. Where are they? Well, it's possible that in fact, IIII just read a very interesting book on this subject by a man named Miles as an evolutionary theorist.


And it's very possible that this kind of leap that that occurred with us maybe 20,000 years ago. It just, it just does ha it's so rare. It's so rare for the exactly the right kind of connection to pop up. Because remember it has to connect two different universes. It's so rare that maybe, in fact this book even predicts that if as we actually get out there into the universe, we're gonna find lots and lots and lots of species that kind of are like us. But they didn't get up to that next level. So they're all like chimps. They don't, you only get to that next level if you can make this connection.


Well, you know, that's one of the most bizarre theories about human evolution is that we're the product of accelerated evolution. Well, this is something Darwin had a lot of trouble with because I say I reread that book recently and he had a lot of trouble with this. He could not figure out how to get from the simple principles he introduced of natural selection, how to get from that to morality, for example. How do you, how do you do that? Right? He couldn't even figure out how do we get to large groups? Because generally speaking, except for humans, organisms generally speaking live in, certainly primates.


They live in very small groups and they can't function in large groups. What about ant colonies? Oh, Aunt colonies are, they're, they're, they're mu they're much too much like us in creepy ways. 'cause they also of course have wars. Yeah. Yeah. So ants, I don't know. But I do know that we, we did seem to suddenly, rather suddenly get to a higher level of functioning. and I have, I've presented lots and lots of smart people in multiple fields with this challenge for years. How does the brain work? Tell me how the brain works without introducing a metaphor like a computer metaphor.


and I've never found anyone who could do it. Never even at the Mock Plunk Institute in Berlin where I, I confronted a whole bunch of people with this challenge and then I kept up in touch with them for months afterwards. Nothing. We, it's, we just tell ourselves stories. We make up silly stories. A placeholder. Yeah. But you see, but transduction, neural transduction, that's not one of these placeholders. It's something that we can test and look at the fascination that's been now for decades with DMT. What the heck is that? And why is it produced by so many different plants and animals?


And why does it produce in people a most extraordinary experience? I haven't tried it, but I certainly know people who have, in fact, I said that I was giving a spiel like this to some of my staff. And one woman immediately said, she said, oh, well it changed my life. I go, you tried DMT. She said, yeah. She said, the problem was that I ch that I did it twice and I didn't need to do it twice because it completely changed my life the first time. And then another woman was sitting there goes, she goes, well, I did too. And she said, same thing. It was, she said that the reality that she experienced on DMT was much realer than the reality she experiences in our life.


Yeah. That's what it feels like. Has that been your experience as well? That's What everybody says. Yeah. It's whatever it is. It doesn't seem like an illusion. It seems like another reality. Well, a again, it's produced mainly at night by the pineal gland. Not necessarily Rick Strassman from you You know Rick. Yeah. He now believes that it's produced in the brain itself and it's also produced in the liver and the lungs. And it might not be the pineal gland that's producing it at all. They've kind of changed their perspective on that with the Cottonwood Research Foundation. Some of the, the studies they've been doing on it.


But they know that in, in some animals it's produced there as well. I mean, they're doing rat studies, but it's whatever it is, it's produced by the liver, the lungs, it's like, it's, it's endogenous. It's, it's the most potent, psychedelic known to man. And the human body makes it and it's illegal. And that's what Terrence McKenna had the greatest line about. That he said, everybody's holding. I know. Which is funny. It is funny because like you have a schedule one substance that's made by the human body. It's literally like making saliva illegal. It's the stupidest thing ever. But think about this. We don't know what it does. we don we don't know what it's for. Right? But it's out there all over the place. Right. And people do have these very unique experiences on it.


And people over and over again say that reality is more real than this reality. Well, You know, it's also very similar in its compound to psilocybin, especially when it's processed by the body. And that's one of the more interesting theories about how humans became human was McKenna's Stone a theory. He thinks that human beings, when There was climate change in the savannas, as the rainforest receded into grasslands, we started experimenting with different food sources and flipping over cow patties. 'cause there's more eng undulate animals in these fields. And that we started eating mushrooms that were growing on the cow patties. And mushrooms increase visual acuity, make people more amorous.


They start having more sex, they make 'em better hunters 'cause the visual acuity in induces gloss creates language. All these things associating sounds with objects that all these things blossom. And then there's the doubling of the human brain size, which coincides in a, a timeline with that. Dennis McKenna does the best job of explaining it. Terrance was You know, a barred and a, a fascinating sort of a philosopher. But his brother Dennis is a hardcore scientist. And the way he explains, he talks about the actual physical mechanisms, the different things that happen to the human body when they encounter this, this substance. Which also, there's a bunch of different ways that people endogenously stimulated.


There's holotropic breathing that was, it's probably stimulating that there's a bunch of different states of meditation that people can achieve. There's kundalini yoga, which I know people that have both done DMT and our regular practitioners of Kundalini yoga. And they seem to think, or they seem to at least state that they can achieve these states of consciousness without taking the actual drug itself. They can force their brain into making it. I think what's happening is that the pathway, the, the quality of the connection is being changed and I think that's what we can test. And so I, again, I've been working with people in multiple fields.


Are you saying that you think we're connected to it always and then the quality of the connection is changed by, in, by taking ayahuasca or taking dimethyl tryptan. That's what's happening. So it's just enhancing the quality of the connection. Correct. And I think at the opposite extreme. There are a lot of things that go wrong with our brain. Maybe when we just get drunk or maybe when we get clubbed or that really Diminish the connection. Diminish it. Or, or just cut it temporarily. Right. and I think, I think all of this is testable. And the, the, the only problem is so far the neurosciences labs have not been looking for this.


They've just never looked for evidence of transduction. But I think when we start looking for it, we're going to find it. And that can make two big changes in the way we see everything. It can make a change in that we finally begin to understand how the brain makes us as intelligent as we are. It turns out it's, it's not a self-contained processing unit. So it's not playing the role we thought it was playing. But it is very critical in the, in the transaction process, very critical. It's preparing content for transduction. And of course it's bidirectional. The microphone is unidirectional, but the brain is a bidirectional transducer.


So, and it'll, it'll change the way we see the structure of the universe. So it's interfacing with consciousness rather than being conscious itself. Oh, it's not consciousness. No. It's, it's a, it, it's a, it's an avenue. It's a, it's a pathway. And that is what is connecting us with all this other stuff. This, this stuff. You know, i I, my mom who passed away about a year and a half ago, but my mom in those last couple years, she kept saying that she was hearing music and she loved music.


She always loved music, but she was hearing music that she had never heard before. She said, and she would sometimes try to hum the music or sing the music. And she said it was always coming from downstairs. And then people would, my mom was very, she was very sarcastic in her manner. And so someone would say, well I don't hear anything. And she'd go, well maybe you should get your hearing checked. 'cause she just assumed that it was real. I expressed the concern that the Mus music was always downstairs. I said I'd be more comfortable if we're coming from upstairs. And she goes, oh no.


She says, don't worry, I'm not going to hell. I said, okay, okay fine, it's coming from downstairs. But that's a perfect example. You know where, where is that stuff coming from? Or even people who hear voices, right? Well, if you have a pathway into another domain where there's intelligence, anything could come through. It could be the weird stuff that happens in brains. It could be music you've never heard before. It could be voices telling you what to do. See what I mean? Look at these mysteries. There are just so many of them. And yet we sit here complacent, complacent, complacent.


And then we make up stories. That's what we do. We make up stories. And as long as the grammar is right, we think we've got it figured out. What Do you mean by making up stories? Well, like the computer metaphor, You know, if you go back in time to explain human intelligence, at first it was God, it was some sort of Holy Spirit. Then at some point it became, There was actually a metaphor involving liquids, movements of liquids. And then there became mechanical machine like You know kind of descartes kinds of things. Machines that somehow explain consciousness and and intelligence and the metaphors keep changing over the years.


Right now we're stuck with the computer metaphor. It's still a metaphor and, and it's silly. It's a silly metaphor. and I think we have to face up to the fact that our brain is doing something unique and special and that we couldn't always do it. There's a point in time before which apparently we weren't doing it. Then there's a point where we started to have this ability and I think this could explain the AMI paradox. Because again, according to this book by mills is, was quite interesting. Unless somehow something uplifts you beyond just what normal evolution can do, you're stuck.


You're being a chimp. That's it. You're stuck as chimp forever. No morality, small groups. Okay. But humans are fundamentally different. We did make that leap. The one Darwin couldn't figure out and I think this is the leap. So I've also been, I started out in math and physics a long time ago and I've also been looking at the at at the physics. And the physics is there, the physicists, they know that this reality is just not it. So take, take those two problems. That is to say the structure of the universe is actually very rich and complicated and very hard for us to imagine.


And the fact that we have no idea how the brain works and add to that all the mysteries you could, you could take care of all of these problems with a neural transduction theory, especially if we can find supporting evidence. And when you say the universe, we, you're talking essentially about all aspects of it, including like subatomic particles, which is like the deepest mysteries when things become magic and things don't make any sense at all. Right. Well I, I think frankly if we could, if we could simulate this connection, we could actually communicate directly with other intelligence intelligences and actually find out answers some to some questions we're having trouble answering on our own.


Frankly, even the biggest mystery of all the God mystery You know of course ironically, DMT is sometimes called the God particle. But even that mystery, I think we probably could get some insights on even that mystery because there, I doubt the God of the Bible exists, but there's gotta be something You know, some God-like entity involved in, in creation. You know. I think creation is much more complicated than we think it is. But the point is, I think that if we can communicate directly that's, that's to me that You know I get these fantasies like building a nationwide monitoring system and building a dashboard so people can watch it in real time.


When that thing actually started to exist, I thought, this is crazy. I can't believe, I cannot believe that we did this. I think this is, I think this neural transduction stuff I think is of the same nature now. And then I get this, I get this funny feeling like an intuition maybe that and, and I have it for neural transduction. In other words, I'm pretty sure neural transduction is right. In fact, I've, there's a whole bunch of people now that I've convinced, including including a physicist who's apparently gonna be driving up here later today and we're gonna have dinner with him.


But he's, he, he almost instantly just got it because a good theory, and this is what Darwin keeps saying in his book, he keeps saying a good theory explains a lot with very, very simple principles. And that's why he kept saying You know natural selection was such a good theory because it explains so much, so many crazy things. Like, like he points to a particular species that's on an island and has these characteristics and it has similar characteristics to the mainland that's nearby.


He goes, alright, but over here there's another island, similar species, but it has very different characteristics but it has characteristics similar to the species on the mainland, which is nearby. Hmm. He said, now you could invoke God and say God is just kind of like this, you know, checkerboard kind of arrangement. So he, he just scatters species about in this way. But he said there's a simpler way which is just natural selection and You know some organisms move from the island to the mainland or or the other direction and they end up sharing characteristics and we, doesn't that make more sense? He keeps saying, and I, to me that's what neural transduction is at this point.


I think it explains so much so simply and it's consistent with this notion that evolution is fabulous at creating transducers. Somehow we've ignored that. And so as we've dug in farther and farther, we are finding the weirdest transducers and all kinds of species, especially sea creatures. And so couldn't it You know if it's, if there is a way to connect two universes, couldn't evolution find a way at some point, Right.


When you're talking about this connection, are you talking about some sort of a technological intervention? Are you talking about just natural selection creating this connection and enhancing it in new people? Oh, I'm definitely talking about it arising naturally. Organically. Organically, absolutely. But separate from that, I'm saying that as we've, as we've been able to simulate so many aspects of what happens, You know in the organic world we're even creating organic transducers now You know, not just these mechanical ones. We're creating organic ones too. I think that if we can figure out how it works, we will be able to simulate it and that again will change everything.


Because right now what happens happens naturally and I think you're right, there are some people who through, through the certain practices and maybe the use of a certain drugs You know can, can kind of alter what happens along that pathway. But it's a lot of work and a lot of dedication. I think though that we can, we'll be able to simulate this maybe some combination of technology and perhaps organic material. How do you imagine that we would simulate this? Do you think we would come up with something that would You know how they use like electromagnets to stimulate parts of the brain that have been sure hurt in trauma and are not firing anymore?


They do that with people that have traumatic brain injuries and they give them back a lot of their function. Do you think there'd be something like that, like some kind of technology that would stimulate your brain's ability to produce these human neurochemicals and just do it in much larger quantities? Yes, I think we could Or do it voluntarily. I think we can find artificial means of improving the connection. Yes, improving the nature of the connection. Yes. And you think the nature of the connection is based on human neurochemistry? I do. And but I also think separate from that, that we can create devices like we have You know knee replacements and hip replacements and we don't have brain replacements, but there's a lot of stuff that we've been able to study in organisms and basically replicate in various ways.


Sometimes just using technology and You know spare parts and some, sometimes we're not using actual organics. But yeah, I think we can do that too, so that we can alter the nature of the connection occurring in someone's brain. But I think also we can simulate it outside of the brain and that's where real power would come from. So when you say by simulate it outside of the brain, what methods do you think would be able to be efficient at doing something like that or make it effective? Well, I mean like a box. There's a box. Okay. I'm stealing this. The chimpanzee skull? Yeah, So there's a, so there's a box, okay.


And literally this box is taking is is a transducer, like this microphone and it's taking content from our universe and it is sending it into the other. And this is bidirectional so it actually can send signals back as well. And I'm saying I think we can figure out how to do that. So what would that box be tuning into specifically? I don't know because I don't know. I don't know. That's the point. No one knows What that is. You know. No one knows what's happening in that gap, right Between the two fingers. But because I think no one's been looking You know we have all these clues and we have the DMT stuff and we have people's experiences and you know, we have all so many different clues.


You have people who see ghosts and You know there, there are clues, but you gotta put it together and you have to put it together, in my opinion, in neuroscience labs and in physics labs. And you've gotta get those people talking to each other, which they generally speaking have never done. That's often the key to dramatic increases in our understanding of whatever it is. That's often the key is bringing together people from very different fields who generally speaking don't communicate. In this case it's mainly physicists, especially astrophysicists and neuroscientists. And as I say, I've been doing this, I've been reaching out to people now for a couple of years and I'm finding I'm, I'm getting this group You know and I strassman's on my list.


I mean, I'm gonna, I'm gonna reach out to people you've suggested and I think we can, I I think we're just gonna have a ball, first of all, just getting us all together and getting up and giving little speeches about how, how you think you could test this theory. Maybe about how you think you could build an interface. I think we're just gonna have a ball And I think what's important that ties us in with your research is that all of this would lead to an improvement in human communication, human community, the way we interface with each other, the way we exchange information and the way we collectively act as a group.


Whereas the manipulation of this information for political goals, for financial goals, for You know ideological capture, for manipulating the way human beings think about things is really the contrary to that. It's the opposite of that effect. It's the exact opposite. And You know, look, I, I am, I am an idealist. I've, I've in my classes for years and years just for fun, I would give a, I distribute a test of idealism because I always wanted to see whether any student could score as I did as high as I did. and I never found a student who could score as I as high as I did and I test of idealism.


So that's, yeah, these things that I work on, they're all of that, of that nature. And yes, if you, if you, if you kind of take this neural transduction idea and try to think ahead a few years, this could be the key to telepathy, real telepathy. This could create a kind of unity in humankind that has never existed before. And it could also connect us more meaningfully with intelligent entities outside of our universe. You know, in the early 20th century when they first started studying ayahuasca, they wanted to describe, they wanted to use the label telepathy for harming, but unfortunately harming had already been labeled.


And so, you know, because the rules of scientific nomenclature, they kept the term harming. But these people that weren't aware that that harming had been isolated, were trying to call this stuff telepath because in their experiences in the jungle when they were taking this stuff, they were experiencing these group telepathic moments and they had decided these are hardcore scientists. They decided that this was such a profound experience and so replicatable that they were gonna call it telepathy. Which is really interesting. It really speaks to what you're saying. Well, you know, it could be that we're, we're going full circle here because DMT, you know, which is, which is I guess a key, a key component in the, in ayahuasca.


DMT has got to be playing a role here. It's just got to be You know. It's, it's, it's staring us in the face. All these little pieces, in my opinion have are just there. They're just there. Well, it's in so many different plants that we have developed a thing called monoamine oxidase that breaks it down in our gut so that we don't get high from all the plants we eat, which is pretty crazy. Well, but again, it just drives the point home that the, our world is, is kind of, it's telling us things right? It's telling us there's A component to our world that we've missed and that the fact that this, this dimethyl tryptamine exists in so many different plants and animals, Which brings me back to complacence because that's, that is one of the things that's driven me nuts regarding all the discoveries I've made about new forms of manipulation made possible by the internet.


And now the monitoring systems showing more and more and in more detail that these techniques are actually being employed on a massive scale. And again, it's the complacence You know, we're complacent about things that we don't need to be complacent about. We're complacent about how the mind works and how the brain works, and we're complacent about dreams. How could you be complacent about dreams? Dreams are so amazing. I have had, I've dreamt full length movies that are better than any movie I've ever seen. And then of course I'm struggling at the end to grab onto little pieces, right?


And the most I can get are a couple little pieces, but I know I dreamt the whole thing. By the way, that's exactly the same as psychedelic experiences. Really psychedelic experiences are insanely difficult to remember. They're insanely difficult to remember in the exact same way. Like when you wake up from a dream, you could tell me your dream. Like, oh my God, I was on a skateboard and Godzilla was chasing me. You could tell me your dream, but you won't remember that dream in a while. And that's the same as psychedelic experiences when they're over, everyone can kind of tell you what they experienced, but it's very difficult to remember it. A day later, a month later, a year later, you get like these little flashes, like almost like a, like a, a slideshow. A little slideshow. Oh. yeah, that thing Oh.


yeah, that part. I forgot about that part. But you don't remember the experience. Which seems strange because I remember amazingly profound experiences from my life in vivid detail, like interactions with my children that were just filled with love and happiness. You know when they hug you and cry and just like, there's moments that you remember like, God, I'm never gonna forget that. There's moments that I remember just with friends that I'm like, God, I'm never gonna forget this moment with loved ones, but not, not the dreams. Not these crazy profound earth shattering dreams that make you wake up sweating.


You go to the bathroom, you're like, what the fuck was that dream about? That happens to me all the time. And then I go right back to sleep and then the dream goes away. And then in the morning I'm like, I'm gonna remember that I don't remember it. I don't remember it at all. I barely remember it. It's a slideshow. Your brain is protecting you somehow. There's something. And There was something that I was reading actually yesterday about forgetfulness, that it is not a flaw but a feature. And that there's something, there's a mechanism that's going on that allows human beings to forget things. And that in doing so, it's very beneficial for not keeping you occupied on those things and allowing you to concentrate on new things.


So instead of just allowing you to have the free will to decide whether or not to think about the past or think about the future, it tries to get rid of it. Like stop, get that outta here. So it kills it. It like throws those those ideas away and that this is actually a feature where people say, God, I'm so forgetful. But are you, I mean some people are because they have a mental condition, right? They have Alzheimer's, they have, they have dementia, they have real issues. But a lot of people, what they're really doing is thinking about other things and that's what makes them forgetful. They're more concentrating on other things and they can't remember, what did I say? Like, like my wife will tell me things. I'm barely paying attention. And she's like, I told you that. I'm like, when did you tell me that?


Like I told you that yesterday. I already forgot because it didn't mean anything to me at the time. 'cause I have to filter through. And then Debbie said to Marsha and Marsha was like, how could you do that? and I was, I was gonna say something, but I didn't wanna, I forget about that, that's in and out because I got no room for that. Right? But some people remember it forever. And you gotta think, what is that for forgetfulness? Well this article that I was reading was talking about that forgetting memories is actually a feature. And so there might be some component of that, that you are not totally past this bridge that would connect us to whatever that realm is.


And that you get these brief interactions with that realm. But you're not ready to be all in yet. You're not ready to be connected to it. You're not ready to remember all the experiences that you had in this mushroom trip that you went on. It's just too much for you. So let's just, let's just get that outta your system because your regular consciousness is not wired to accept the reality of whatever, where that realm is. And the fact that the other thing of that realm is there in 30 seconds, especially with dimethyl tryptamine, 30 seconds later you're in an impossible realm. 15 minutes later that's gone. 20 minutes later you're struggling to remember it. Half an hour later it's mostly gone.


Okay, now everything you just said involved storytelling. I'm not telling stories, I'm just saying I think this content is streaming. It's not being generated by our brain. And that's why we have so much trouble remembering it because we weren't producing it. But it's not necessarily storytelling, it's just memories in general. There's something about, there's a mechanism I'm telling you that's happening with psychedelic trips where it's almost impossible to remember them and I think that's a feature. But I'm, I'm, I'm saying something very far more radical. I'm saying there is no memory. Hmm? There is no memory. Okay. But is applied to everyday life.


There is no, in a practical sense, no, There is no Memory. So in a practical sense, when you say who's the first president of the United States, don't you think you have a memory that it's George Washington? I think I I might respond George Washington, but it's not stored anywhere in my brain. Well, of course it is. No, because it's, that's what you learned. No, you learned that in high school or where whenever you learned it, It's not, so how Do you know if it's not in your brain, if it's not stored in your brain? So like if I could ask you what your son's name is, You know what your son's name is. 'cause it's stored in your memory. There's nothing stored in my memory and certainly not my son's name. So how do You know your son's name? Well, because I was exposed to it. I probably even came up with it a long time ago.


And under certain circumstances, if I'm asked what his name is under Certain circumstances, you don't remember his name. Yes. It happens to, as you get older, especially with your kids, it's really, it's really embarrassing to And What do you think that is? Well, I'm, I'm I'm, I'm trying to say that, that there is no memory in the brain. I'm saying there's a, there's, there's a, that transduction, transduction is occurring and then when the brain gets damaged, the, the transducer, like if I smash this microphone, the, the transduction process, Right? But you're still avoiding the question like how do You know your son's name if it's not in your memory?


Okay. Me memory itself is a metaphor. There used to be the, the old memory metaphor was based on a library and shelves. And then there were other ones based on interconnected neurons acting in, in cycles. Then there were, these are all metaphors. There is no memory in the brain. So my, that article of mine, I mentioned the empty brain, the, that's what it's all about is it explains that there is no memory is the, the way we use the term memory, it's just another metaphor. So for example, who's that one? Oh, Daniel Baren boy, whom was one of my favorite conductors and pianists, the time he was 17, he had memorized all 31 of Beethoven's piano sonatas.


So I had someone count up the notes. It's about 350,000 notes and almost as many markings of various sorts for the pedals and volume and all that stuff. It's a tremendous amount of data. Tremendous amount of data. And You know what you can search Daniel Baren, boy, he's still alive. You can search his brain forever and you'll never find a single note. It's not in his brain. So where is it? Well, essentially what you mean to by it? The the, the music is nowhere. He didn't absorb the music there, there the But he remembered how to make the music.


No, No. He was under some conditions able to make the music right, but, but there's no memory involved. If someone teaches someone how to do something, you don't remember how to do that thing. That's not what it is. It means that there's, that some changes occurring that allows you under certain conditions to do that thing again or something similar to It. But if there's like skills that I could teach you, you don't think you remember those skills? Like I taught you physical skills, like I taught you how to put somebody in an arm bar. You don't think that's a memory? No, it's definitely not.


It's not a memory. No. So what is it, It's a change. Some sort of change is occurring, whether it's occurring in your brain, some sort of a change or whether it's occurring in the, in that, that link. So how does the brain differentiate between what it remembers and what it doesn't remember? If memories aren't real, Maybe I can make the point this way. Okay. Okay. Demonstration in class, I would say to people who, who knows what a dollar bill looks like? So if someone comes up to the board and they draw a a dollar bill and I'd say, now make it as detailed as you possibly can. So they draw a dollar bill and it kind of has a place where there's a face and it kind of has some ones in the corners and right.


Usually that's as far as people can get. and I and I say, well let's try and experiment here. So I cover up the dollar bill that they just drew. I tape a piece of paper and then I tape up a real dollar bill and I say maybe the person drew what they drew and it was so terrible because they're a bad artist. Let's find out. So I say here now draw a dollar bill. So they've got a dollar bill right up on the board and now they draw this magnificent dollar Bill 'cause they're copying the dollar bill. Yeah. And so they, so they got, but the point is, there is no image of the dollar bill in their head. Right? Because they haven't had a detailed sort of examination of the dollar bill.


Most people just give a cursory examination to a dollar bill. You look down, oh, that's a five, it's a 20. I mean, I kind of know, was it Andrew Jackson's on the 20? you know, You know, you know, most people are not really paying that much attention to it. But if you get a dollar bill scholar and someone who really understands dollar bills, they probably could. Like if you ever seen Al Franken draw the United States? No, it's really interesting. Al Franken is, are very unfortunate. What happened to that guy? 'cause I think he would've been A, I agree, a fantastic politician still very interesting person, very intelligent, and a real patriot. So Al Franken can draw the entire United States accurately with all the state boundaries from memory.


See if you can pull that up. It's very interesting. Why? Because here it is. So Al Franken has deeply studied the parameters of the states and the state lines and can recreate them from memory. Why? Because he's done this before and he has a record in his mind of what this looks like because he's carefully examined that there are things that I've had conversations with people You know a couple of weeks ago and I probably don't remember them. And then there's things where I could tell you word for word. Someone said, there's gotta be a reason for that. And if you're not calling it memory, what are you calling it?


I'm, I'm trying to introduce a different concept because I can tell You I understand you are doing that, but I don't know what you're introducing. Well, I'm trying to tell you that if you cut open Al Franken's brain, you'll never find a map of the United States. Right. But he can do that. And he, he is the same thing as me. I can't do that. Yeah. And you're, and you're wondering why? Well, because I allows, I'll tell you why. Because I haven't tried to do that and studied it and memorized how to do it the same way I could teach you how to memorize certain movements. I could teach you how to memorize certain physical movements. And then if you practice them, I could ask you in a couple of weeks try to do it again and you'd be able to do it, but maybe you'll forget certain key points of those movements. So then I would correct you and then I'd teach you, well, you would remember how to do those.


And then I would say, what are you supposed to do with your hand? You're like, oh, left hand up. That's right. because you remember it. Yeah. So you might not be able to find that in your brain, but it's very clear that something is going on where you are able to memorize things and memorize them better with music. Right. Conjunction junction, what's your function? Right. We all remember that. Why? Because it's attached to music. And music makes things easier to Remember. I've never heard that in a pad in my whole life. You Never heard conjunction Junction. No. But the point is, here's the thing, Schoolhouse rock. But you do understand, you do understand though, right? That there are people who could glance at a map of the United States never having seen one before, and then could go up to a board and draw the whole thing Sure.


In detail. Yeah. Okay. They have a different kind of memory. And then generally those people are on the spectrum. I'm trying to tell you, there is no memory. There's no memory. Okay. There's nothing, no one looking into the brain. I I, Is there anyone that can draw an accurate map of the United States without having ever looked at an accurate map of the United States? I doubt it. Okay. But there are people who can draw things from their dreams that they have never seen before, But they have seen them in their dreams. They're not, and how do we even know if they're accurate? But they're, but they're, it might be as accurate as that dollar bill drawing That Okay. Do, do you are, are you open to the idea that memory in the brain is just a metaphor?


Sure. Okay. So are you open to the idea that there is possibly no memory and we still could do all the things we can do, but there's no memory. Well, You're calling it memory. Right? And I'm saying as a physical function, as a function, a thing happening, there's a, you can memorize things. That's how you learn a new language. Right? You memorize You know me, l Rogan You know That's how you do it. You remember? Right? So if you're saying that that doesn't exist, I'm saying what is happening? Give me some sort of a replacement. I am, I'm giving you transaction. Right.


But where's it Stored? I don't know. Okay. I wanna find Out that storage. Don't you think we should find out, use The term, couldn't you use the term memory to accurately describe that storage? Why It's not, but it's not in our brain. Right? So the people who are looking in brains and looking for memories, they, they're not finding, Was it just that they haven't found it yet? Or they don't understand that you're not gonna be able to see it in the same way that you see cells? The, The, I've talked to some of the top neuroscientists who study memory. Okay. And the first thing they say is, I can't find it. 'cause I don't think it's actually there. So I, I perhaps, Perhaps, let me ask you this. Yeah. How do we know what size memory is? So if, are they looking in the subatomic realm?


Are, are they looking at particles that are quantumly entangled? How do they know what, what they're looking for? Does it, is it simply that we have a limited amount of tools? Well, a much simpler idea. See, these are all, they're interesting concepts. They are Right. But a much simpler idea is that the brain look at, look at all this space that this microphone, this is very good quality microphone. And it takes a lot of stuff in there for it to work as well as it does. Right? Right. So a much simpler idea, given that no one's ever found any, anything remotely like memory inside the brain. Okay. and I actually asked Eric Kendell, who was a, was it was his eighties at the time, and who won a Nobel Prize for his work on a, a memory in the plegia.


I said, how long do you think it's gonna be before we understand human memory? And he said, a hundred years meaning we aren't Right. So isn't a simpler idea that the brain is actually like this, that the brain is a transducer allowing us to communicate with higher intelligence in another universe. Isn't that a simpler idea? That that's No, no. That's not simpler at all. That's way more complex. No, that's super simple. It's way more complex than experiences being stored in a functional way so that you can benefit from them. Except that there's no evidence of any storage and there never will be. How could you say there never will be if he said a hundred years.


A hundred years is not, never a hundred years ago, We were exactly the same species as we are right now. You had to be There was the way he said it. When you I Understand. Yeah, I understand what you're saying. But if look, before they understood spooky action at a distance before they understood subatomic particles. if you had tried to explain that to someone from You know 1850, they'd be like, what the fuck are you talking about? But now it's understood. It's measurable. It's something that we, we agree upon that subatomic particles, that atoms that neutrinos, all these things exist. Bizarre things that we could, there's neutrinos passing through us right now. Right from space. There's a neutrino detector and the Antarctica, we know that there's these things that we didn't know existed exist as we have more access to technology, more understanding of the mechanisms of the mind, isn't it possible that we could say, oh, this is where memories are stored.


And isn't it true that if certain areas of the brain are damaged in particular, it will damage memories. Isn't that true? It will damage the transduction process. Yeah. Okay. You're married to this transduction process. Well, it's, It's not, it's not, I'm not saying that It's not in the, the, there's something happening. Let's not even say it's in the brain. Maybe it's in the entire body. Maybe it's in every cell. Maybe it's in the DNA, whatever it is. There's something in there. Well, I'm trying to point out that there, the, something is something we haven't thought about in the past, and It would actually solve so many problems. I see what you're saying in terms of communication with whatever that other realm is.


But what I'm saying is that there might be, and forget about the term, the brain local, let's just say local. Local, okay. There, because we, You know when I'm accessing, you know, oh, I know how, what if I press the turmeric button on the coffee machine? It makes the kind I like, that's locally stored. You know. Other people don't know that if they've never used that machine. Right. This, this is locally stored information. Forget about finding it in the brain. it might be in the DNA, we don't know where it is, but there's, I know You know how to start my car. I know how to put it in drive. Yeah. Because I've done it Before. Yeah. So something is happening where I'm storing information.


And the more information I store, the more it makes me effective at discussing certain things. There are certain things that I don't have any information about. I haven't read them. I haven't memorized Them. Okay. You, you are married to the information processing metaphor. I'm Not, it's just a metaphor. There is no information in the brain Challenging this thing that you're saying that I don't think sounds as complete as you're saying it sounds. But the good news is it's testable. It's empirically testable. and I don't think it's gonna take 20 years. I think it's just gonna take maybe five years. I think it's because the labs already exist. And it's not like studying, you know, black holes where you can't really access 'em.


And you have to You know, you know, because we can actually study brains and we have lots of great equipment. It's just no one's ever looked for what I'm talking about. And the point is, as I've talked to more neuroscientists and physicists, they're saying the same thing. They're saying, this has to be right and we just need to look for it. We never have before. Let's, let's speculate. Let's say that they start looking for it and they find evidence that this is actually occurring. Don't forget about crazy things. The consciousness turns off and then consciousness turns on. Right? What, what, What's, what's that? What is that? Right? Well, What are psychotic states? Yeah, but see that, I'm just saying it's a, it's just an interruption and a pathway.


Got it. That's really easy. Right? Which makes sense for psychotic states, right? There's some sort of a disturbance. It makes sense for The way the system is running, and it's not tuning to the other side the right way. It takes care of type right? Of psychotic states just like that. I mean, think of how, how useful, how, how You know. It's, it's do it, does you, you gotta go back and read Darwin, because that's exactly what Darwin keeps saying. Mm. It was, it was eyeopening for me to read this book. Because that's what he keeps saying. He keeps saying, look, I know this sounds nutty, but it's much better than any other crazy story that you're gonna tell We.


were actually just having this conversation the other day with Brett Weinstein. Oh, really? And Brett Weinstein, who's a biologist, and, and his, his belief is that random mutation, natural selection, Darwinian evolution, they're all real. It's all absolutely happening. But then there's probably also factors that we haven't figured out yet. And that's, that's what shows human beings. Like that's how human beings got, That this is the factor and This is That thing. This is, that this is what gets you up to that next level. And it's consistent with the ideas that physicists have about the structure of the universe. Again, just start with the basics.


That evolution is fantastic at producing all kinds of weird, bizarre transducers and that we're encased in transducers from head to toe. Couldn't if the, if the universe is what we think it is, couldn't evolution at one point. 'cause it's producing all kinds of new traits all the time. Couldn't it produce a brain that has that feature that connects us, boom. Right? We're connected That it might be an emerging quality in humans. And then 20,000 years ago, it Emerged and emerged and it just brought us up like this.


Just like in 2001. It just, we go up to here. And that could help explain the Fermi paradox, because there could be lots of chimp like creatures all over the galaxy, but they just never made it to that level because it's, Well, that's where the weirdness of the whole accelerated evolution theory comes into place. I mean, this is, you get into the, the kookiest of kooky stuff, the Anunnaki and the Sumerian texts, and that this idea that these lower primates were manipulated and that something was introduced into their genes, and that this something is probably some genetics from some superior race or some more advanced race.


And that we took on that and that it became a part of us. And now it's in our gene pool. And now we're moving in that general direction with this different connection. I, I You know, I've read some of these books that are really fascinating. Truly they hold my attention, but page after page, after page, I keep saying, I keep saying, yeah, but neural transduction theory is much simpler. It's just one, one tiny little change that has to Occur. I don't think they're mutually exclusive. 'cause neural transaction theory, as you're saying, if there's these primates on these other planets that never achieved this, and then there are ones that have and have transcended that these ones that have transcended recognize this quality that's missing in these chimpanzees, and they introduce it, We don't need them.


It's possible, but we don't need them. But we have evolution. But that's, but that's why it's accelerated evolution. It's saying, look, look, they've, they've concluded that primates right now have entered the stone age. Do You know that? So they're starting to use tools. So it was really interesting, right? So if given enough time, you give them a hundred million years, who knows what a chimp is gonna look like a hundred million years from now? They might be like us. They might do it naturally. The speculation, and again, I'm, this is not something I'm married to, but the speculation, this kooky speculation is that We were visited by extraterrestrials extraterrestrials that were far more advanced. And that they found us as these simple shit throwing primates.


And they said, let's, let's juice this process up A little bit. We know where this is gonna go eventually, hopefully if everything works out. But let's juice it up. Let me connect what you just said with what I've been saying. Easy connection. Okay. And it brings us into the world of UFOs because whether this capability arose on its own, which it could, or whether it was juiced up A little bit by some outsiders, Which it could, Which it could. Then either way, we're now in a position where we could, in theory, communicate in more meaningful ways with extra terrestrials.


We could, and we might, by understanding how transduction works, we might figure out how to do that. So not just communicating with people in another universe, but communicating with extraterrestrials. Some of these extraterrestrials, in fact, most of them, maybe all of them have to have this ability. They have to have that transduction ability or they never would've gotten above chimp level, right? So maybe this is our way of connecting with them as well. And that we are on the path, but we're not quite there yet. We're not quite there yet. But I think we could get there really fast.


And again, some of these neuroscientists I've been talking to, they're saying the same thing because this is not like studying, I don't know, this is not like studying, I'll say black holes again. But this is different because we've got thousands of labs, some of them extremely sophisticated labs. We're just not looking for this. What happens if we start looking for this? Mm. And so what we've been doing is we've been trying to work out experiments that can be conducted and that should produce one result or another, depending on whether transduction is occurring. And that's the goal, is find empirical support for this type of theory.


If we can find empirical support, the more support we find, obviously the more convincing this will be. And then that would bring in the engineers. It's the engineers who could really make this thing sing. So it's a, it's another one of my intuitions. Call it that. But I think, I think the, I think the, the data are all around us. They're all around us. And by the way, there are a couple people I have turned onto this who just all of a sudden become obsessed because all of a sudden you see all around you reminders of all the weird stuff.


And you realize, wait, all the stuff that seems so weird. You know what? It's not weird at all. If NTT is valid, if this theory is valid. The stuff that's, that we think is weird is not weird at all. In fact, it's, it makes perfect sense. Psychosis, you brought up psychosis, but there's so many things like that and they, and all of a sudden they're not mysterious at all. They make very good sense. How about something, one of my favorites is deja vu. Or how about meeting someone that you feel like you've known them forever? I've had that happen. Sure. It's an amazing experience. Yeah, it's, it's, it's visceral.


It's so powerful. It's so strong. How could that possibly be? Well see if you've got neural transduction theory there in your, in your toolbox, you go, oh, that's easy. Oh. Hmm. Hmm. Yeah. Lots of stuff just falls into place.


Now I have to point out that I'm wearing this idiotic starburst thing. 10 big tech.com. Oh, thank you. Every time you say that, I just get the chills because I need help. I desperately need PE people's help. So we have spent $7 million building the world's first nationwide monitoring system that is doing to those bastards what they do to us and our kids 24 hours a day. We are surveilling them for the first time. We are finding overwhelming evidence that they are very deliberately and systematically messing with us. And our elections especially, I personally have believed that as of 2012, the free and fair election, at least at the national level, has not existed. It's just been manipulated. It's just been manipulated since 2012. I say this in part because I met one of the people on Google's tech team on, on Obama's tech team rather you shouldn say, which was being run by Eric Schmidt, head of Google at the time. and I talked to him at great length about what the tech team was doing. They had full access to all of Google's shenanigans, all those manipulations. And one member of that team asked by a reporter how many of the four points by which Obama won, how many of those points did he get from the tech team? And the guy said, Elon Kriegel, I believe his name is his, it was actually quoted. And he said, two of the points came from us. Now, Obama won by 5 million votes roughly. And two outta four points came from the tech team. That's two and a half million votes. By 2016, I had calculated that Google could shift, and It would be toward Hillary Clinton, of course, whom I supported at the time that Google could shift between 2.6 and 10.4 million votes to Hillary Clinton in that election with no one knowing she won the popular vote by 2.8 million votes. if you take Google out of that election, the popular vote would've been


tied couple days after that election. Everyone, every, all the leaders in Google get up on stage. This, this, I'm sure you've seen this. It's an amazing video. And they're talking to all of Google's a hundred thousand employees and they're one by one. They're going up to the mic and saying, we are never going to let that happen again. Yeah. We are never gonna let that happen again. Which is democracy. They're never gonna let democracy happen again. Exactly. That's what I'm saying. And So, and that's so crazy to be blatantly and openly talking about that. And in 2020, we didn't have, as if it's a Virtue, We already had a pretty big monitoring system. We preserved 1.5 million ephemeral experiences. Our data showed that Google shifted at least 6 million votes to Joe Biden, who won the popular vote by about 8 million.


So again, take Google out of the equation. That would've been pretty much a tie in the popular vote. And Trump would've won 11 out of 13 swing states instead of five. So going forward from roughly 2012, I think the, the free and fair election has been an illusion and illusion. And this is something that's very weird and kind of ironic, but this is something that Dwight d Eisenhower warned about in that last speech of his is farewell speech. He warned about the rise of military industrial complex. Everyone's heard about that. But he also warned about the rise of a technological elite that could someday control public policy without anyone knowing.


And the technological elite are now in control. That's what we have. That's where I get back to my, my ranting and my my pain. Because I realize no one is paying attention. Eisenhower said, we have to be alert or this will happen. We have not been alert. And the fact is, people write this second who I give speeches to, sometimes they get all riled up and then they walk out of the auditorium with their surveillance phones. Mine is not, this is a secure phone, but they walk out with their surveillance phones in their pocket and they use all the surveillance tools that Google has set up for them and other companies too now.


And they think, isn't this nice? This company's doing all this nice stuff for me and giving me all this free stuff. That's not the business model. All those free things are just apps that trick you into giving up personal data and then they monetize the data and they use it to control you. That's what's really happening. That's the business model. And people can't see it. and I'm telling you, I've been working on this for 12 years and it's gotten to the point where I am wiped out. I am fed up, I am exhausted, I am disillusioned and, and I'm lonely because since Misty was killed five years ago, I've sometimes feel like I'm literally dying of loneliness.


And the fact that other people around me have been hurt one quite one quite seriously, makes me a little nervous too. And that's where I am at this point. And it's a, it's a terrible place to be terrible. Now. It took $7 million to build what we've built, but it's been really tough. Okay, we're talking about like raising a dollar at a time. It's been really, really difficult. And for us to set this up so that it's actually permanent and self-sustaining. And so we have court admissible data in all 50 states, which will make these companies think, it'll make them think, think twice.


maybe that is gonna require at least another $50 million. That gets us a secure facility and our own servers and a security team. We have virtually no security hear that Google. And they know this because a couple months ago they attacked us in an extremely sophisticated way. I've never seen this before. When You say they, who I don't know Someone, I don't know. Google has, What, what did they do? It was very, very unusual. It was not, it was, it was not the usual thing. What they did was they, they got our, our accounts, they got our, they got our apps to, to run kind of at ludicrous speed, I guess you could say.


And what they did was they pulled in more and more and more servers until We were running so many servers simultaneously that we actually got shut down in the cloud and we lost access to our own data for almost two weeks. Now, we've never seen an attack like that, even though our security people had never seen an attack like that. It was really pretty Damn. And what was the mechanism of this attack? How'd they do it? We're not sure how they got in. Once they got in, all they did was they just created a tremendous amount of activity so that that pulled in more and more resources. And this is definitely created, this is not organic. Oh No, no.


It's absolutely created. But, and, and now, now we're, now that we know about this particular kind of attack, if it happens again, we'll be up within two days max. But the the point is there's a lot of pressure on us. So we need a lot of money to set up a secure facility, have security teams, not just protecting our data, but protecting our people. We have to protect our people. Have you ever talked to Elon about this stuff? I, I've, I've never had a way to reach him. Well, hopefully someone will take this clip and put it on X and he's a junkie. He'll, he'll be on it all day. So, so hopefully someone will put it to his attention and put it up there.


'cause I'm sure this is very concerning to him. I mean, he has a vested interest in this. Clearly what happened when he bur purchased Twitter and he found out the extent of government interference in free speech and how many people were being pressured to not talk about certain things that were inconvenient or how many accounts they were trying to get taken down because these accounts were purveyors of misinformation. That turned out to be absolutely accurate. There's, he has a, a deep distrust For sure. Well, he, he, he has a few times lately he has retweeted content about my work. So I think so he's aware.


He might be, he might be aware. And there's another way also, by the way, to take down Google, which I, the, I published this in Bloomberg Business Week. if you, if you go to epstein in business week.com, you'll actually see the article and it's, we've reached the point where data have become an essential part of our lives. And the way to take down Google is to do what governments have been doing for hundreds of years to declare their index, the database they used to generate search results to be a public commons.


This is exactly what governments do when water, electricity, telephone, communications, any commodity, any service becomes essential. Governments at some point have to step in the electric companies. They were all privately owned. I didn't know that. I didn't realize that they were all privately owned until the government had to step in. And this is where we are now with data. And the biggest baddest database in the world is Google's, because it's the gateway to all knowledge. It needs to be declared a public commons. As I say, ample precedent for that in law. Its very light touch regulation. And what it'll do is it'll allow other people to draw from the database to create their own niche search engines.


So You know you'll create a search engine for people interested in DMT and UFOs. A semi will create one for women, for Lithuanians, for You know will end up with thousands of these search engines, all of which vy are vying for attention. It will be exactly like the news, exactly like the news, the the news media that domain. And that's the way, but shouldn be search should be competitive. Google, Google was not the first search engine. It was the 21st. So that's how you do it. And also then search would become innovative again. There have been, there have been no innovations in search for the 20 years that Google has dominated search.


So General Paxton, Ken Paxton of, of this, this great state of Texas, he's interested in this. Senator Cruz is interested, other people are interested. This would be tough to implement in the us but the EU could do it 'cause five of Google's data centers are in the eu. The EU could do it in a flash. And they're very frustrated with Google 'cause they've been trying to keep them under control for a long time now and they've failed. So there are some things that could be done. Permanent large scale monitoring system that is a necessity that must be there.


'cause if you don't have that, you don't know what these companies are doing. You don't know how they're messing with our minds, with our kids' minds and with our elections. You have to monitor and you have to have court admissible data in every state and probably in every country. And then they will pull back A little bit because they have to, they're violating campaign finance laws when they, when they very blatantly support one candidate or one party, they're making huge in-kind donations without declaring them. So another thing they're doing, or right now, perfect example of something our system is capturing right this second, right this second.


Google is sending register to vote reminders to Democrats at about two and a half times the rate they're sending them to Republicans. How do I know? Because that's what we, that's what the monitoring system shows. That's what they're doing. At some point, that's gonna turn into partisan mail in your ballot reminders. And then that turns into partisan go vote reminders. These are just displayed on Google's homepage. We're capturing the homepage by the millions. if you don't capture them, then the content is ephemeral and it disappears and it's gone forever. And you can't go back in time and figure out what they were doing. Right. You can't trace it. So monitoring is no longer optional.


It's it. And by the way, monitoring is fast. Unlike You know regulations and laws monitoring can keep up with whatever the tech company is dishing out the next company, the next Google after that monitoring can keep up you. If you're going to have an internet and it can mess with people's lives and it can mess with governments and elections and so on, then you've got to have monitoring systems in place. So that's what I've been, that's what this new my monograph is about.


And if people wanna get a free copy of it, Tame big tech.com. Tame tame, tame Tame big tech.com. You, you, you crack me up sometimes. Really same. I, I'd love to see you do a comedy routine. Listen Robert, thank you for being here. I really, really appreciate what you're doing. if you weren't doing this, I don't know if It would get done. I don't know if we would know as much as we know. I think It would be speculative. I think people would have ideas. I think It would be impossible to prove and I think what you're, what what you've done is a, a tremendous service for people. So thank you very much. Tame big tech.com. Thank you. But I'm still fed up, just so You know. Okay, Thanks Robert. Yep. Bye everybody.